ddd22f43d5fb05cb717d06156a34f38e
one more final and then    freedom!!!
is addicted to the sims3
plans on writing and directing a play and needs people    call me or post if you want to know more
"realizes that no matter how hard you try to be the best, there's always someone ahead of you to throw you in the mud "
"had the worst, best, and hardest week of her life"
found a ouija board and freaky things are happening!!
is a totally different person in the summer
is having a great week!!!
never thought she'd say this but    she's addicted to <propmale> potter
just went to see <propmale> potter and the half blood <propmale> with <propfemale>
green day!
had an interesting week
just finished reading the whole <propmale> potter series!
feels completely seperated from the outside world
is going to see creed tonight!
"really enjoyed seeing the imaginary invalid last night and is still comparing it with her play, the other side of the white picket fence"
"had an awesome time golfing with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and mrs  pulaski  smile "
    school? no! i mean    yes?!
hasn't had a day without at least 5 hours of homework
weekend!
hey facebook    long time no see
"is absolutely in love with the movie \9\""!"""
thanks everyone  smile 
can't wait until big rock at <propfemale>'s mountain is finally performed! everyone needs to come  laugh 
last night  sad 
set strike!
is choosing which part of her play to direct for the talent show    maybe it'll be a whole new play altogether 
absolutely loved the ending of flowers for algernon! i cried so hard
"auditions for my short play (to be presented during the talent show) start on tuesday 12 8 at 2 smile 0 and wednesday 12 9 at 2 smile 0 in the auditorium! no, i'm not revealing anything about the play until you ask me in person  laugh  any questions, see me "
can't wait to finally sleep during vacation!
i yelled at my neighbor under your bed because i'm not crazy (thanks <propfemale>  laugh )
is so happy it's the weekend! no more stress  smile 
2 weeks of capt     annoyed 
i really need lids!       on cafe world that is  laugh 
many things once loved are coming to a drastic hault  don't bother to ask 'what's wrong' because no one truly cares 
just realized how fast summer is coming and how much fun it will be but how much she will miss the seniors once this year is over 
"mrs  j, thank you for putting a smile on everyone's faces every friday  you inspired me to be more open with others and to pass the happiness along with merely a smile in the halls  may you rest in peace and thank you for just being yourself "
is starting to hate finals    a lot!!!
can't imagine waking up next year and not talking to all of the wonderful seniors  it'll be really hard saying goodbye  sad 
"one down, five more to go  annoyed "
summer!
i don't care for your fairytales  your so worried about the maiden though you know she's waiting for the next best thing 
profile pictures make me self-concious  sad 
"<propmale> farm continues to inspire me to act with my body, not just my words!"
"missing <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, iu-wei, <propfemale> and so many other people!"
needs a new profile picture   
"summer, you escape from my grasp so fast  please answer me: why couldn't you last?"
join <propfemale> and <propfemale>'s bollywood dance class at <propfemale>'s dance center!
is spending most of the day with apush    again 
"thinks that the first apush test should only be on one chapter  i'm starting to confuse colonies -_- roanoke, jamestown, carolinas, <propfemale>, connecticut, new york, rhode island, massachusetts and on and on    anyone know if the test is hard?"
knows that hard work and determination will conquer all 
had a very interesting first day of <propmale> year
is thankful for the long weekend!
is completely and thoroughly exhausted   
really wants to know why teachers assign the largest tests the week after the berlin fair  can't we just enjoy one weekend of freedom    fries that is!  laugh 
is enjoying the movement of light and dark on the curtains from the trees swaying in the breeze  the simplest things are always the best  laugh 
"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  being gay is not a\disease nor a choice  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but\acceptance and equal rights   93% won't copy and paste this  will you\make it your status       for at least one hour? promote   love\   &   acceptance! not hate!"
finally found the best birthday present she could for akanksha singh! hope you like it sweet potatah fri  laugh 
wishes she could sing as good as najoua belyzel!
"morning, sunshine!"
"the best things in life are those that are simple, sweet, and can be cherished forever  no kids, i'm not talking about chocolate bars  i'm talking about cardboard boxes, stickers, and hugs  laugh "
me encantan mis amigos!  love  no necesito mcdonald's  las hamburguesas son repugnante ;p
is absolutely in love with tangled! who knew that the girl who hates all things disney could contradict herself    rapunzel  love  <propfirst> forever
sprite  playful 
has been living on coffee and sugar with sixish hours of sleep for the past week    still wondering when the crash is going to zzzz
"my plate of \welcome back to school\"" came with a generous portion of \""time to study!\"" and a cold helping of \""remember: the midterms are coming  the midterms are coming \"" where's <propfirst> revere and a decent school lunch when you need them?"""
"i want to be the first person to wish you good morning    every morning! so here it is, \buenos dias mis amigos \"""""
delays and no school are amazing    except when you have to study for a midterm or final!!!
is officially a teacher and gets to work with akanksha singh!! oooohhhh yeaaaahh!
it's over!!!  laugh 
"\step to the rhythm and dance to the music! all in together we shine!\"" \",ddd22f43d5fb05cb717d06156a34f38e,"wants to remind everyone that they are important, no matter what anybody else says! bullying is still an issue in our school system  just a reminder: just because a person looks happy, does not mean that they are strong enough to handle the weight of the world on their shoulders  today and everyday, make sure to show everyone how much you care  you could influence a life  post this on your wall if you agree"
"pretty pretty please, don't you ever ever feel like your less than, less than perfect  pretty pretty please, if you ever ever feel like your nothing  you are perfect to me!"
everyone should come to the poetry out loud competition tonight at 7!!
1 more week until vacation!!!
just saw bhs on the news again  i'm getting sick of our town not thinking about the kids  sure it's a lot of money but we fear for our lives every day  who knows when the roof will fall?! i don't want to see anyone get hurt or even worse 
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone  a cancer patient only has one, to kick cancer's ass  in honor of someone who is fighting cancer, repost this "
