a92a2ce8b2a8b542165ae37740301d73
"was just watching the repeat of the <propfemale> parade and the <propfemale> tartan band went by, and when they showed the band director, i realized he was my director, mr  schwarz, in <propmale> high  last i heard he was directing at rim of the world  i guess he is now at a school that is \a cut above the rest \"""""
"is exhausted and worn out after a day of running around with my little sister  we had a blast  even ran into two groups of people i knew  fantasmic and electric light parade still rock and bring chills  we are going back soon, but not doing both shows in "
is in a funk and have no idea why  could it be that the lord is trying to tell me to take the step through the narrow gate and be obiedent? interesting how youth group staff meeting and weekly sermon were tied together  it is amazing when god speaks to me
"needs to get off this computer and her butt up off of the couch and do what i need to do today-start cleaning this place! still in a funk, but think it could be this messy apartment  need to clear things out so that i can hear god clearly talk to me "
"is realizing it is late and has not done much of what she wanted to do today  beginning to wonder what she is going to do for the 4th-sit at home and do nothing, or go to parents and sit there and do nothing? anybody in the area have any suggestions? <propmale>'"
had an amazing night with her god-daughter at church  going to have a great 4th up in wrightwood doing mountaineer days in pioneer gear with my friends from twin threads  i guess i won't be sitting at home or at my parents house alone  got some cleaning d
"looking on-line for pioneer frontier costumes  found little, but have found some great items, that i might even be able to use for civil war period too  looking so forward to this weekend  all this searching has made me tired  can't believe it's not 10 an"
is hoping that everyone has a wonderful 4th  may we all remember the people who fought for our independence more than 200 years ago  we all should be greatful for the pleasures we are able to enjoy daily  enjoy all of th fireworks and patriotic music  <propfemale>
"is up way to early  had about 3 hours of sleep  too excited  don't know why the 4th makes me so excited! as i said yesterday, i hope everyone has an amazing 4th  may we remember the people who fought for our independence more than 200 years ago  enjoy all"
"just had an interview a few hours ago with old navy  if all went well, i'll get called back for a 2nd interview  it would be part time  hopefully it would give me enough to get me through september  keep me in your prayers  haven't had an interview in 10 "
"put information on craigslist offering my my services as a tutor and replied to several posts  if you know anyone who is looking for a tutor, give them my info "
has just been called back for a 2nd interview with old navy on tuesday  it is a brief interview with the manager i interviewed with and the store manager to see if i am a fit with the team that is already in place  keep me in your prayers 
"okay, i left church right at 9 to come home and go to bed, but i get on this addicting sight called facebook to check a few things and then did a search for in home tutoring and applied to three agencies  it is now 11 smile 0 and i know if i go to be, i will b"
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised by what people remember abou"
"knows this sounds crazy, but she wants to go back to work, especially since it looks like she is going to have the same kids she had last year! she is so excited to see their faces again! she is itching to get back into the grove of things and continue to"
just joined sparkpeople com  going to try to shed some pounds  looks like a great site  a friend has been successful in short period of time  check it out!
is watching more to love and is amazed at the number of local girls (covina glenora)! i even think i know one of them 
"is excited for her previous co-worker <propfemale> has been given a ring to stay in the show more to love  she is one of 15 that got asked back  she is 6 years older than the guy, but i hope she goes far  she was a blast to work with!!!!"
"is feeling overwhelmed and having a panc attack  wants my place cleaned, but everything seems to be in the way of everything  i want to scream, cry, clean, and do nothing!!!!"
is going to go to the local park to listen to the church's worship group with some friends  still did not get anything done  guess i better get my butt out of bed early tomorrow  only a few days left of vacation 
enjoyed the concert tonight at covina park  the worship band was great  i walked over and it was great  just shy of 2 <propmale> round trip  i wonder why i have not gone to any of the other park things  it was exhilarating and thinks i should do this more  nee
"needs to go pack for the week  going to camp for a week tomorrow and have not done anything to get ready, except make the list of what i need to take  cleaning bug has taken over though "
all packed for camp  see you all on next weekend  shall be a long fun tiring week 
"had a blast at camp getting to know the girls at chruch and hearing how <propfirst> never conformed to the world and how he and his 3 buds followed the cross  we had several rededications first time commitments  weather was great, except thursday-when we froze! i am glad to be home  took a much needed long nap yesterday, now it is time to get back to work "
is watching the end of the original <propfemale> wars  gotta love <propfemale>'s hair and the music is always a favorite!!!! always a good one when nothing else is on 
has one more day of math training with some amazing presentors-love ya gilda!-then it is time to create some magic in the classroom and make it beautiful for my wonderful angels! we are having a celebration on the first day of school since they did so well on the cst last year  getting excited for the first day of school so that we can have yet another fun year!
is gonna celebrate her 35th birthday tomorrow with her sister and some close friends at the happiest place on earth  i am also amazed that her classroom is ready for next wednesday  i have never been ready this early  generally i am getting ready up to the last minute  i do need to thank my sister and mom for helping me out 
"first week is done  it is great to be back into the swing of things! the kids are great, even though it is hot  i'm exhausted, but it is a good exhaution!"
is disappointed that there will be no more tuesday night young adults starting october  what is the church thinking?
"is lost and does not know where to go  the only direction is up, but doesn't have the energy to do that  i'm not happy with life right now, but at least it beats the alternative! why does the loss of one have to hurt so much, even when it is e playful ected?"
"sitting in tutoring class  thought i'd be bored, but it is great to be in the things that i do daily and helping this generation continue to learn  still kind of bumbed, but getting better  going to a bible study with a friend this afternoon  it will be good to see her and to be out of the house  thanks for the prayers and thoughts that you all have sent  this season shall pass "
"is watching one of my favorite moviee--the holiday (<propfemale> winslet, <propfirst> diaz, <propfirst> law, and <propfirst> black)!!! i felt like i needed a pick me up, and this movie generally helps  i need to remember what gumption feels like "
"wish i could <propmale> home  i am feeling sick  it came on all of the sudden, but can't since i have an inital iep along with a conference, and then an adendum iep to add a behavioral plan this afternoon  then it is off to school for my nutrition final for child development  i so want to go home "
well i bombed my nutrition final  knew i would  i didn't know the proportions for preschoolers  now i am sitting here waiting for my 1:20 conference to show up and it is almost 1 smile 0 and then i am booked solid all afternoon and will probably not be able to squeeze her in if they show up  gotta love conference week!
"okay, i have been at work over an hour now and have done nothing but clean out my e-mail  i guess the glummy day has something to do with it  i can't seem to get motivated  i know one thing at a time and it will get done  need to get up and get to work "
"think i have caught a cold  think its from wearing sandels and sitting in a drafty classroom  guess it's time to wear shoes and socks-why is it not socks and shoes? you can't put socks on then shoes? been a long week  2 no-show's-one being a 7:20am  all others showed up, some had to wait  2 weeks then 2 week vacation  they are going to be with getting ready for the winter program  it's worth it "
"woohoo!!! done with school!!! took my last final last night  now 8 working days to winter break  it is going to be a long 8 days, but at least there is a light at the end of the tunnel that is <propfemale> and bright "
"is covered in glue and glitter, but the blue and silver candles and packages props for grandma got ran over by a reindeer have been recreated  now onto making a house, eggnog, rootbeer, medication, and other prorps for tomorrow's winter program  if in the area tomorrow night and want to see kids sing jingle <propfemale> rock, grandma got ran over by a reindeer, and run <propmale> run, plus do the electric slide, let me know "
"props are done  going home!!! need to finish crocheting presents! again if anyone wants to stop by and see my students perform, let me know "
program done  children gone home  gifts for kids wrapped  need to go home and finish 4 more gifts for tomorrow  1 more day and off for two weeks!!! yipee
munchkins have all been sent home for the two weeks  classroom is a smabbles  going home to nap  hopefully i will wake before 6 so i can make it to church for the last friday night of the year for <propmale> high  so looking forward to sleeping in for the next two weeks 
"ugh!!! i have been asked to have christmas at my house for 6 of us  those of you who know me, you know why i am sayin ugh!!! i am going to be one busy person between now and thursday  hope i can find the motivation to pull it off  any suggestions for those of you who know me?"
"i am up! gonna go do the shopping needed to do to clean the house  then coming back, leaving the tv and fb wow off, turn on the stereo loud so that i can clean this place out! cooking is not my concern for friday  my place looks like it did when my dad and uncle moved me 2 years ago  this week has to be my inspiration and motivation to get my place to the way i want it  what a great way to start a new year!!!"
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me  if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this  this was posted by a friend  if you agree, cut and paste"
"think i migh have caught a cold  thought it was allergies from all the dust i'm stirring up, but i ache and have a low grade fever  mom and my counselor thinks i am stressing about christmas  mom said dad is going to bring caution tape for the back bedroom  with 2 days left it is not all going to be done and they are going to just have to deal with it  i can't kill myself  i am on vacation, not a killing spree!"
cleaning is not done but will be tomorrow when <propfemale> and i come to fix food  off to tamales and sleeping on the couch! have a <propfemale> christmas!!!
"woke up this morning with mom saying there was a change in plans, that we'd have christmas dinner at her house  i was a bit overjoyed, but disappointed at the same time  all that hard work i had done was not going to be seen, but at least i did not have to do more cleaning  i still made roasted red and white potatoes and green beans with bacon and onions  dinner was delicious though  overall had a good day!"
"got this great cd dvd for christmas from they might be giants--here come science  my sister got it for me to use in the classroom  think the kids are going to enjoy it  great tunes with e playful lainiation about science topics  they can rock out and be learning at the same time  i have 2 lp's like this about dinasours and even dad started singing \i'm a stegasorous\"" when i opened  i know i am a geek!!!!"""
"loves watching little women  so sentimental, but another good movie to remind you to set your heart and mind on what you want and not to settle for anything less  keep a box a kleenex around though "
is going to be so hat i can get up and have fun at the happiest place on earth  day 1 of 2 days of fun  gotta love having a pass!
is off to dinne with <propfemale> at beef bowl  haven't had beef bowl or seen <propfemale> in a long time 
"beef bowl was good, but the company that was there was even better  i miss <propfemale> so much and it was so good to catch up  we need to schedule time togther more often "
is getting ready to go and game the year away with some great friends  want to wish everyone a blessed and safe new year  see you all in 2010 
off to <propfemale> out with my bff for a bit tonight  hope everyone has a safe and fun time ringing in the new year  may it bring each of you joy and blessings  see ya in 2011 
"is excited about going back to work to see the kids, but is dreading the alarm going off so early  it is going to be a long day, that will then turn into a long week "
"just watched an amazing service on-line from pastor <propmale> vines of ccv  i did not feel like going to church tonight, but as i learned, i need to not let my emotions get in the way of worshiping the lord  i need to be grateful for the things i have, and be obiedent to worship him even when i don't want to  i am never afraid of worshiping the lord, but at times i just don't feel like it "
had a fun day in the sun  i won my class today  first win in awhile  felt great  it shall be a great year of competition 
"i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this    when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of me and of you  if you are one of the 3% repost this message"
is looking forward to tomorrow night for the first night of shift ministries at ccv  hope all you youth can make it 
i had lunch with a ninja under your bed because big bird said to and he's my leader!
must go home now and enjoy muy 3 day weekend 
"loves chatting with old friends via status updates, but i must go to sleep  turned the teli off  now i need to shut this thing down  nigh all "
"is greatful that tomorrow is a holiday, because i am still awake and it is almost 1am  must go to bed and catch come sleep  have work stuff to catch up on tomorrow anyways  night all "
"realized that i have nothing that i want to eat in my house  craving potato soup and roasted sweet potatoes  i just don't want to go to the store in this rain  maybe i should just order delivery, though it seems that the rain has slowed down a bit "
"ventured out into the rain  it was raining bad when i left, but was not when i got back to the car  i even saw some blue sky, with some very high clouds above the storm clouds  i got a couple of days worth of food for under $50  i love fresh-n-easy  now going to make roasted sweet potatos, green beans, and pork chops "
"green beans with onion, garlic, and bacon are boiling on the stove top; sweet potatos sprinkled with evoo and season salt and pork chops are baking in the oven  i think i might have needed more green beans for the mix that made, but it will be good  i think i'll have at least two days of left overs since i am making this all for me  playful "
"i really love my mom! if you aren't too proud to say thank you, to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today, please copy and paste this to your profile  some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate! we have a million things in our lives to thank them for!"
is off to meet some amazing women at <propfemale> madrid for life group tonight  it will be great to catch up since i haven't seen them since before christmas  shall be fun in the rain 
is heading home to go spend the weekend at autoclub speedway with some amazing drivers to the go and be part of presenting a math professional development on monday  times are good!!!
had a great weekend in the steward program  it is going to be fun learning more about the sport and the rules behind it  then was part of an amazing math professional development  myself and the other lead teachers did a great job  it was not as bad as i thought it was going to be  get to do it again on thursday 
i am off to shift!!! hope to see all you students there!!!
is off to shift at ccv tonight!!! it is going to be great  hope to see all <propmale> high students there!!!!
"it's doppleganger week! during this week, change your profile picture to someone famous (actor   musician   athlete) you have been told you look like "
is getting excited about ciy believe!!! it is going to be a blast! see all you jr  highers down there!!!
"look back and thank god  look forward and trust god  look around and serve god  look within and find god! god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors no man can close  if you need god to open some doors for you    repost  and if you don't need god to open some doors for you, just ignore this  "
feels like my world is tumbling down on me  say a prayer 
"start of new week  can only look forward, not back  can this rain go away? it is too gloomy and does not help "
"heard a new pick up line while in my car-\excuse me miss you left your keys in the door \"""""
if you received a message from me--delete it!!! don't open it  it is spam and will give a virus  someone else sent it to me and it gave me a virus 
"okay! my fb is back up, though it made my computer crash!!! it will teach me to not open funky addressed messages  anyway!!! heading home to spend the next 3 days at beach for long beach grand prix!!! shall be great!"
zackery <propmale> aka <propmale> on <propmale> came in 3rd i the celebrity race at the long beach grand prix  he is adorable!!!
"sure hopes no one watched the indy race in long beach!!! my sister said she could see me doing the happy dance on the jumbo tron when hunter-rey (winner) passed by my station!!! argh!!! what else did they catch me doing during the race? had a blast though despite falling during the fil race  can't wait until next year, or better yet this up coming weekend at buttonwillow!!!"
"had a great weekend at buttonwillow  the weather was great  a bit warm today, but over all it was great  i wasn't too busy yesterday, but had some work today  can't wait until next month, but looking forward to playing at faire nest saturday!!!"
life is truely small  i cannot believe that i am finding people from faire who know people who i race with and go to church with and our paths have rarely crossed  this is truely a small world  looking forward to faire this weekend  gonna go <propfemale> with some amazing friends and part of my roots!!!
is getting ready to head up to buttonwillow  i hope this headache goes away before i have to hit the road  going have fun at the formula ford 41st birthday bash 
"having fun sitting on the i-5 waiting for aaa  everytime we try to leave early something always delays us  think we need to leave late from now on, though we are not up in buttonwillow again until labor "
report cards are finally done  now it is off to sleep so that i can get rested up for fraizer park this weekend!!!
heading to a friends house to then head up to frazier park for a small ren faire  hope to see some familiar faces 
"is off to go take 1 of 2 finals  haven't studied much  still have tons of work to do in classroom to prepare for the end of the year  don't know how it will all get done, but it will some how "
took both finals this afternoon  i have the same teacher for both classes  now i can focus on my classroom and the usual year end stuff for work 
must go to bed  need energy to tear down classroom  i've done very little and there are 2 days left of students 
school's out for summer!!! kids all have gone home  now it is time for serious cleaning  need to get ready for summer school too 
heading back down to 4th grade next year!!! i am excited  heading out now to go look at summer school material and then out to fonatana to help out setting up for this weekend 
"waiting for a friend to come over, then depending on $$$ situation, we are off to koroneburg for closing day (out of garb), or the <propfemale> fair in irvine, or just lounging around here enjoying one another's company  first day in months of having no true plans  what shall i do with myself?"
"going to see metallica, slayer, megadeath, and anthrax tonight  they are being broadcasted from bulgaria at several amc imax theaters  shall be fun!!!"
"bed time  going to the happiest place on earth tomorrow to renew my pass, then out to el toro to work registration for the auto-cross this weekend  but before i go to disney, i need to collate the papers for registration, the big question is where is my stapler? this is what happens when i do some cleaning "
just got to disney  have about 2 hours to renew pass and maybe ride a ride or 2 and look around  coming by yourself seems like fun  may need to do this more this summer  need to use my pass more anyways 
"is asking you all to keep my mom in prayer tomorrow  she is going in for reconstructive back surgery  she has already been told they will not be able to completely reverse the damage that has already occurred, but it will help prevent further damage  she will be in the hospital for several days and have several months of recovery  may the doctors have a steady hand and may she have a speedy recovery "
mom has been out of surgery for a while  just got a room  dad and family friend <propfemale> are with her now  <propfemale> and i are waiting our turn  doctor says all went well  i will update when i know more  thanks for your prayers and kind words!!!
"is going to see mom in a bit  i hope that she is not in as much pain as she was yesterday, though the doctor said today could be rough  dad should be there to  <propfemale> can't make it today  thanks again for you prayers and kind words "
"mom walked twice today! once to the door and then across the hallway  they took her pain pump away, but she is still groggy  she is still in pain, but seems to be able to get comfortable  she is sleeping a lot, which she really doesn't want to do so that she can sleep at night, but the meds are making her very sleepy  when i left, she said she was going to bed even though it was 3 and dad was dozing in the chair too "
mom is getting ready to be discharged  she is looking good and is very coherent  we need to remind her slow down and take smaller steps  thanks again for all of the prayers and kind words  still have awhile to go 
mom's home in her own bed in her own clothes snuggled with her cat and is happy  she is glad to be home 
mom went to the dr  got the stitches removed and the dr  was very pleased about the wound and how well she is doing  the next 2 weeks are critical  she needs to make sure  that the wound doesn't open up  she sees her regular dr  on friday and goes back and sees the surgeon next week again  she is getting up walking around a little more  she's even reading in bed again 
mom's follow-up yesterday went well  dr  doesn't want to see her for 6 weeks  she told him that when he sees her again she won't have the <propmale>  he thought that was a good goal  she is getting up more and walking around  wound is healing well  almost completely closed  pain is becoming manageable  thanks again for your thoughts and prayers  now it is off to my classroom to start the new school year  woo-hoo!!!
bit frustrated bummed that i can't start on my classroom until fri mon  principal said i could come in this weekend and get started  ah!!! that's a big negative!!! have <propmale> plans to enjoy a special day  guess i'll just have to work long hours on mon 
"is need of a nap, but i just started some big cleaning in my living room  why is it always this way? guess it is the sound of the vacuum  mom said i would sleep through it  i guess it is white noise that soothes me  think i shall nap  the mess will still be here when i wake up "
"is up early  couldn't sleep  guess i am just like a little kid all excited about going to disneyland!!! then coming home to my dad cooking my birthday dinner (pork chops, mashed potatoes, apple sauce, and broccoli)  shall be interesting  <propfemale> has to work, so i hope he doesn't drive my mother too nuts!!! then movies and pizza and chilling with one of my friends at my place  gonna be a good weekend!!!"
"just had a great day  now i want to go to sleep!!! dad did a great job on dinner, even though he was picky  i know now where i get my perfection streak  i've got glitter all over the place  don't normally do girlie stuff like this  need to finish up some cleaning before i go to bed  thanks to all of your birthday wishes  it is amazing to see who your true friends are!!!"
gonna run some errands and then head out to <propfemale> madre rosemead area and pick-up a friend from the train and spend the gift certificate i got last night from my parents for my classroom  then head back to my place and enjoy movies and pizza in a clean living room  i am impressed with myself and how nice it looks  i just have to keep it this way  it is truly a good bday weekend 
off to work in my classroom  i've got to get back on a schedule where i don't want to sleep the morning away  hoping to get all of my paper up today 
"paper is on all of my boards  boarders are around the big board  still need to boarder some small ones, arrange the furniture, find the stuff i need in the cupboards,  and i think i might be set  thank goodness i talked to someone before i left  thought the training was wed not tomorrow morning  that could have been bad! i guess getting a late start wasn't so bad  i might have some time to relax this weekend!  smile "
"off to bed  need to get some sleep before my 36 new fourth graders come into my class  first day tomorrow  it's going to be a great year!!! i am ready as i can be  if it's not done now, it isn't getting done before the day starts!!!"
"why is it on a day you can sleep in, you are awake at the same time you do every morning and can't go back to sleep  i was out of bed at 6:45 this morning  i was so looking forward to sleeping in  what shall i do at this hour of the morning? if i work on homework, it'll put me to sleep  may need a nap today "
"okay, i've been up since 6:45, and all i have done is watch <propfemale> letter and braveheart and the dishes that have been sitting in my sink  i have been spending way too much time on this computer  thinks i need to switch to the work computer and get some serious work done since it is 1:15  i need to get motivated and get busy "
"is getting garb together to head up to a pirate faire tomorrow  realizing, i need some more bling to be a pirate wench  it is gonna be hard to let myself not go in period stuff, but i will have fun hanging with the pirates this weekend  shall be a great weekend!!!"
"september\ is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member \andfriend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those \who continue to conquer it ! put this up for (at least) 1 hour if you \love someone who has or had cancer*"
"i am truely blessed  one of the teachers at school yesterday bought me lunch and then i talked to my lit teacher and asked her about the reading and told her that i couldn't get the book in time for the reading next week, and she had me follow her to her office, and she gave me her old edition  wow!!! i have never had a teacher offer a book  this is amazing!!!"
"is excited  tomorrow is pay day!!! yippee!!! i'll have money & won't have to stress anymore, but i am even more excited about this weekend  going to marching through history @ prado dam w  the steel bonnets  it's is going to be a blast  had fun last year w  twin threads, & had a blast @ ft  <propmale> w  sb's  so if you are a history buff or enjoy history, or know some who does, tell them about the event @ prado dam "
"had a blast this weekend  weather was hot & muggy saturday  i got to fire our cannon both days  learning how to do it  should be fun  thanks for those that came out and saw me  hope you had fun  next is a 3 day faire in vegas this weekend  gonna be busy, but fun!!! no pictures this time  took camera, but forgot to take out on walk about on saturday  sunday i stayed close to camp  will try to get pics of vegas "
had a blast this weekend  the vegas faire was amazing and met some amazing people  can't wait until next year  i will upload the few photos i took later  forgot charger and battery was low  gotta wait a few weeks for escondido faire and then it i'll have to wait until southern 
"is already playing christmas music and loving it  have a great internet station that i have streaming new age christmas music  i know it is about a week early, but my kids will just have to live with it  the other new age station was getting old  gotta love this time of year!!!"
"is hoping that all have a wonderful thanksgiving and the time that they get to spend with their loved ones, whether two legged or four legged or winged  wink  enjoy all the fixings and may they bring you blessings as well "
"<propfemale> with some sprite and occassionally some confusing re bull, but would eventually like some gin, please!!!"
"need to get cleaning, set-up the tree, wrap the packages to put under the tree, and to go shopping for christmas dinner  i am having the family here for christmas  think i’ve overcome the fact that my place doesn't have to be perfect  my family knows what my place usually looks like, but thanks to a friend coming over frequently; it isn’t as bad as usual and won't be so hard to get my place presentable for the day "
"got this from my dad and had to laugh  \\oh no, your tire's all flat and junk  oh did i do that? here  let me get my cellular out   call you a wrecker   oh shoot, i got no phone  `cause i'm a pothole   soooo     kay bye!"
"i was at the self-check line of albertson's tonight and some lady walks up to me telling me that she needs to use my preferred card  i told her i don’t have it with me, but i decide i am not in a hurry, so i enter in my number  on the way out she says thank you and tells me that she felt my energy and hands me a card asking me to call her after the holidays  what kind of energy did she feel? how is one react to that?"
gotta finish up the last things on my list so i am going to shut my computer down and get busy  <propfemale> christmas everyone  may each of you be blessed and may you enjoy the time with your families  may god give you traveling mercies if you have to travel  god bless and <propfemale> christmas!!!
"1st day back was good, even if we had to stay in all day  it sure flies, even the kids said so and said that they wish they could do it everyday, all day  i had to laugh  tired, but enjoying some tele and facebook  think i'm gonna switch to wow now though "
"please put this as your status if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (lupus, diabetes, crohns, pcos, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, ms, depression, bipolar, m e, autism aspergers etc)  do it for all who have an invisible illness  it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside     surprise   and ? ? ?"
anybody else getting excited for this weekend? can't wait to see you all at fare site 
