fdda08e8ba09d2319af4c8d01733172c
's nocturnal sleep rhythm makes it really easy for him to stay up for the new year lol
had lots of fun at grad parties yesterday and chillin' with friends  smile 
has bought 3 different video games in less than a month    proving that he lacks purpose and drive 
feels the need to update his status even though he hasn't done anything exciting yet 
didn't know elder scrolls iv: oblivion was such a good game! it should keep him entertained for several weeks 
got bored of playing oblivion because <propmale> showed him a bunch of cheats    the game just seems pointless to him now and he is mad at <propmale> 
hopes all the people who left on the camping trip to north <propfemale> have a fun time  smile 
is open for suggestions on how he should spend his time this week 
needs some structure in his routine    his schedule is moving swiftly toward nocturnality
wishes he had someone to dictate a productive and beneficial schedule to him  he's not good at making one up on his own     sad 
had an awesome time at <propmale>'s grad party rave!
has heard that <propfirst> mays has died and is pondering the recent deaths of important individuals 
made brownies at 3 a m  for fun 
is thinking of working on his housekeeping skills by doing some dishes and laundry    just a thought though  wink 
is updating his status 
tried to adjust his sleep schedule by staying awake for 28 hours but only made it about 22  sad 
is eating breakfast
got really good sleep last night
is impressed by his new shampoo with conditioner  smile 
is wondering why his dog is barking at 1 am
is not a <propmale> potter fan 
got 4 different immunization shots today and is all drugged up for college!  playful 
got his rooming assignment for college and is next to the tv lounge and across the hall from the kitchen!!!  laugh 
got his laptop for college and installed the full verison of windows 7 on it  laugh 
absolutely loves his new laptop and has christened it his primary computer  wink 
doesn't leave for college until september but it seems like everyone else is leaving now    oh how the time flies   
is posting his status 
has been compiling links to helpful guides for laundry and other essential tasks at college  he now feels more prepared to survive!  smile 
is so ready for college    what does one do on one's last day at home?
cashed in his savings bonds and one of them earned like $120 interest over 5 years which is cool 
"is packing up for college and needs to power down his laptop soon for the trip  eager to see how this all plays out the next few days! goodbye ohio, i don't know how i will feel when i'm not living in a swing state  playful   to my friends: thanks for the good times, i hope you all embrace your own exciting journeys in the years to come  smile "
"is settled into his dorm room at college and is loving it! rigorous schedule this weekend for student orientation, eager to get plugged in  smile "
"first class tomorrow, i only have 1 class tuesdays thursdays but 4 classes m w f"
had his first class this morning and was pleased with how it went  using a laptop to take notes is satisfyingly efficient  smile 
is trying to figure out the best ways to study for his different classes  seems like a waste to read and take notes when the book already has a chapter summary :   probably better to embed it more deeply in my mind though   
just had his pack of tic tacs out 1 minute ago and now can't remember where he put them   
has been confronted with several personal failures this evening    got a curfew violation because i simply forgot to check in even though i've been sitting in my dorm room for 3+ hours  sad 
has found that weekends are even more enthusiastically welcomed at college than at any previous stage in his life 
is gradually working out how to survive (and eventually thrive!) at college    today marks the beginning of the second week of classes 
thoroughly enjoys his psychology class  world literature is a struggle and composition is tedious   
meh :  
"don't forget to vote today for dorm senators! 10 am - 2pm in the commons, 4pm-7pm in the mallway!"
is having a pleasant evening  smile 
has won the senatorial election for his dorm!  smile  he will represent bowman house with pride  laugh 
bowman house retreat saturday and sunday    no idea what that's about lol
just got back from the bowman house retreat    good times  smile 
is kinda bored for the first time in college lol    everyone's in class but i only have one class on tuesdays in the morning   
"first student development committee meeting tonight  ah, the life of a senator     wink "
is getting way too excited about student government and needs to get his school work done    lol
is sad because his friends seem to be having a tough time at college  sad 
is feeling mischievious  wink 
is wearing long sleeves for the first time since like    february
scored in the bottom 6% for study habits on his college student inventory analysis    i'm obviously going to fail college 
long day    packed schedule from 8 surprise 0 a m  to 6 p m 
got a haircut  nothing special but i hadn't gotten it cut in like    9 months or so
is good at unintentionally hurting people 
world literature test in 10 minutes    not good 
loves college  especially on the weekends  smile 
gets up really late on the weekends 
is not as tired as he normally is at this time on mondays  perhaps the energy normally e playful ended on tasting and smelling is diverted to the rest of his body due to his nasal congestion 
student government is intense 
is listening to eye of the tiger to get pumped for the day  wink 
is caught up in the pure ecstacy of a london fog from the campus coffee shop 
has a hangnail  sad 
is learning that people have e playful erienced the same emotions for thousands of years   
lacks confidence in the quality of his most recent essay  sad 
"feels the coming of a new season; a time of change    will he reflect the death and decay of nature around him, or grow and flourish in spite of it?"
is pro at laundry 
"has found irony in the statement, \i hate closed-minded people\"" """
is satisfied with his day  time for bed  smile 
wishes people didn't let eachother down all the time 
is stumped for an ethnographic essay topic
sucks at college 
"food service subcommittee meeting at 8 surprise 0 am    ah, what i do for my constituents     wink "
gets to write a 10 <propfemale> paper for psychology class all about him  he likes this idea  wink 
got 2 hours of sleep last night  at least i got my paper done haha
laundry day!
likes friends  smile 
is participating in a psychology study squad!
had a restful weekend 
where does everybody go on monday nights???
just found out the test he thought was thursday is actually tomorrow    time to cram  wink 
is glad that all of his thursday classes were cancelled so he can sleep in and leave early for fall break!
chaos!!!!
is hiding from his responsibilities 
is heading home for the weekend  smile 
forgot how good home can be   
is watching braveheart!
is listening to renaissance classical music whilst studying <propmale>'s inferno 
needs to remember to wear his nametag to the student government meeting tonight 
had another one of those days where he had a thousand things to get done and didn't do any of them 
starting a research paper at 2 surprise 0 a m     this is my college e playful erience 
weekends are so much better than weekdays  i suppose we have to have weekdays in order to have weekends though  interesting 
wonders every day if he should even be in college 
depressed  annoyed 
feeling better after watching some justice league  smile 
is e playful eriencing horrible back pain today    weird 
awesome friday night    good way to start a weekend  smile 
absolutely loves being a part of university singers!  smile 
had very strange dreams during his morning nap
woke up late and missed his first class
stayed up way later than he initially planned    so goes a college weekend  playful 
went to indianapolis for a few hours and had a really fun time  it's a suprisingly pleasant city!
is probably not coming back to iwu next semester    much to figure out   
"really loves university singers sooooo much, too bad it's only for an hour on tuesdays and thursdays  sad "
laundry day! i like clean clothes 
is staring at a wrinkle on a piece of printer paper 
straightened his hair! pics coming soon   
likes college weekends and college friends! college homework sucks though   
wow fire alarm at 2 surprise 0 a m    really?
heading home this afternoon    driving 4 hours on my own will be an adventure haha  smile 
"made it home safely and realized that he accidentally chose the \avoid tolls\"" route on mapquest which is about an hour longer   """
"can't wait to see his friends back at college, but also really loves being home "
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! i've had a wonderful day and tonight's gonna be a good night  wink 
saw 2012 tonight with a couple friends  it was ok but far from great :   had a great birthday though! i guess i'm 18 now    weird 
really misses high school    growing up is overrated  sad 
shaved! smooth skin feels great  smile  he is proud to have made it through no-shave november  wink 
is making some changes to become more disciplined  he is very grateful for his bowman brothers and friends helping him  smile 
is heading to chicago for the weekend with good friends  smile 
sent a letter in the mail today! it's exciting to use such an antique form of communication    i feel like i'm participating in an ancient ritual  playful 
slept through his psych class and woke up at noon    2 missed calls and 5 text messages on my cell phone lol
is pretty much where he was a year or two ago  very little personal growth has occured in his life  he has much to learn and much to change for the new year   
is out of bed and scavenging for food
finished his psychology final    gonna miss that class  crying 
eatin' a sugar cookie  tastes like loneliness and regret    but also freedom  smile 
just played an amazing game of football with the boys! threw a long touchdown and caught a long throw   smile  trust the dutch touch!  wink 
"wishes he could be home without packing, cleaning, driving, and unpacking "
leaving for home! can't wait  smile 
is glad to be home! incredibly bored though    dinner with my dad tonight and then we'll see who wants to <propfemale> out  smile 
"is really dissatisfied with life  man i seriously miss high school badly  sad  i guess i haven't really grown up yet  failed this semester of college pretty badly  i need to make some changes, i don't like the direction i'm taking "
pulled an all-night <propfemale> party with the boys  smile  going to bed   
needs to get out of the house with friends  too bad it's 3 surprise 0 am  sad 
had a fun time today with friends and a movie  smile 
feels thoroughly blessed by his friends and family  smile 
saw sherlock holmes    two thumbs up!  wink 
got snowed in at the wasils and ended up having a really fun time  smile 
i haven't indulged in the guilty pleasure of nostalgia lately  perhaps i shall fall victim to that vice tonight instead of champagne   
is getting blood work done at the doctor's today  just a routine check    maybe they will finally discover that he is a mutant! or even worse    dutch   
forgot about server maintenance today on world of warcraft  sad  gonna be really bored til like 2 pm
's not going back to iwu this semester    heading in tomorrow to pick up my stuff
is quite fond of his handkerchief
it's much easier to turn a car that's moving instead of standing still - think about it
"about to go to \contemporary world problems\"" class at lccc - a fresh start  wink """
has been listening to lots of music by the black eyed peas and is finding much of their work to be surprisingly profound and inspirational 
likes chipotle now  i just ordered the wrong kind of burrito the first time 
obama cancelled my sociology class for tomorrow  smile 
finds community college to be a strange limbo between success and failure
it's the weekend! chipotle tastes good! sociology class is interesting!
"lol \i'm on a boat\"" was nominated at the grammies"""
"pretty much everyone i meet tells me that <propmale> pitt almost looks as good as i do, so i figured i'd give a little nod to the underdog for celebrity look-alike week  wink "
procrastination induces a temporary high of freedom  smile 
missed out on texas roadhouse for dinner because he fell asleep on the couch  sad 
thinks everyone should try using a handkerchief instead of tissues    it's much better!
"man, the frosted treetops of ohio's woods are really pretty in the morning light!"
is banking on his classes being cancelled    is it better to hope and be let down or to never hope at all?
is enjoying the weekend  smile 
wonders why other schools have president's day off while lccc is open 
so this one time i was updating my status and then i posted it  i always smile when i remember that special moment 
is amazing!
is upgrading to directv hd but doesn't have an hd tv
needs to nail down a college <propmale> pretty soon
writing a paper about <propfemale>'s economy
is becoming fat and lonely  sad  maybe he should join a gym club!
can't wait for broseph to come back for spring break
wants to know what you like and dislike most about american culture and the way our country functions!
if you had a snow day today i hope you enjoyed it enough for the rest of us who go to college and don't get snow days anymore  sad 
"has no idea why or how he stayed up this late, but knows that he will regret it tomorrow "
so i hear canada won the olympics?
this gray sky is negatively affecting me  sad 
is finding his independent study of personality types to be thoroughly stimulating and immeasurably useful
wow what a gorgeous day! i didn't know the sky could be so blue!
just heard that a blind guy beat zelda: the ocarina of time    amazing
"the sun has reclaimed our once-frozen deck! fight on, harbinger of spring, fight on!"
an owl keeps hooting in my back yard and it's really creepy this late at night
driving into lagrange with the windows down blasting hard rock music is fun  loving this weather!
staying up way too late again    why do i keep doing this? gotta break my addiction to strategy games haha
spring break coming up! exclamation points!
internet connectivity issues make me sad  crying 
is sorting through his collection of nets to see which one is best for catching some z's
is digging in to fight the end of spring break
writing a philosophy paper and discussing the healthcare <propmale>
wants some chewing gum
is reading philosophy  he always seems to do this long after midnight   
sociology is highly intriguing! i will definitely be e playful loring this field more thoroughly in future semesters
wow i was so excited for sociology today and then i ended up sleeping through my alarm and missing both of my classes    and sociology is only 1 day per week    i was angry at first but now i'm sad  sad 
"found a ladybug on the toilet seat, flicked it into the bowl, watched it struggle for a while, and then flushed it away  he may have derived sick pleasure from this  perhaps it will be a source of bad <propfemale>   "
missed class today to stay home and let the refrigerator repair man in  i don't like missing class but i didn't have the homework done so it buys me time lol
is really excited about going to bed in a couple of minutes!!! sleep is fun!
"anyone hear the npr april fools' segment on \calendar reform\"" in the health <propmale>? priceless! haha"""
it's 11:11 make a wish!
2 <propfemale> paper on the history of iran due at 2 smile 0 that i haven't started    time for a lunch break  smile 
i hate when i have a bunch of questions to ask but the professor fills up the whole class just taking notes lecturing and we can't discuss   
*sigh* what's the point in even having a democracy when so many people don't care about politics at all   
today was annoying 
today was compensation for yesterday  smile 
friedrich nietzsche's philosophical theories are appauling and abhorrent  just sayin'   
"from what i can tell, jesus was definitely not a capitalist"
thinks too much
it is hard to get beyond someone's worldview when discussing controversial issues  their level of care about what you are saying depends on whether your ideas conform to their belief system 
feels emotions sometimes
saw date night  the plot was really farfetched but it was a good movie  smile 
reading philosophy and looking over a student life brochure to see what clubs i can join
is doing push ups to bulk up for final exams
today i saw a group of nursing students in their nurse uniforms standing outside the health sciences building  they were all smoking 
is $20 a normal price for a haircut?
turned down his laptop's screen brightness for earth day
"wonders why people enjoy storms    they are inherently threatening! you are more likely to be injured, die, or lose electricity internet during a storm than during calm weather  rain is fine because it brings water and life but why storms???"
i can't believe the republicans have voted down a measure just to talk about finance reform  they're beyond rational debate    i guess there's a downside to democracy 
"thinks all foods should be modeled after bananas  bananas come in their own convenient, biodegradable packages and are full of healthy nutrients that boost energy  smile "
this semester has confirmed my suspicion that my primary motive is the pursuit of knowledge
needs a job for summer and some new computer games
learningggggg is funnnnnn
spent 4 hours productively today and wasted the other 20
these are not the droids you're looking for 
hates the feeling he gets when he spends 2 hours trying to conquer the galaxy and ends up losing  sad 
mcdonalds makes a good vanilla ice cream cone
"projects are out of the way, just final exams left and then summer! i need a job   "
"i think that if facebook changed their default background to black instead of white, a lot of energy would be saved because computer monitors wouldn't have to be so bright all the time "
is selfishly updating his status for attention
often you don't realize the gravity of your decisions when you make them    :  
excited  laugh 
would much rather be discussing what he's learned than taking written exams
the political situation in britain is quite fascinating these days  jolly good!
misses when he used to sing every day in choir class for six years    good times  smile 
is trying to solve a mystery   
the plot thickens   
competence and cooperation create a powerful force for solving problems
why do some people wash their hands with antibacterial hand soap and then use hand sanitizer as well???
'95 buick skylark = best car everrrrr
wow what a good day! time to spread around some positivity     smile 
hopes everything goes according to plan   
facts ruin a good debate 
has put in a surge of effort for his job search  follow-up calls tomorrow!
omg there was an odcs choir concert tonight??? i would've gone if i had known  sad 
"loves almonds  i bet a person could live healthily on a diet of just tree nuts, they're jam-packed with nutrients! maybe i'll become a vegetarian someday    naaaaah  playful "
likes people  smile 
<propfirst> mcnabb fails at making eggs
back from a weekend in chicago  i'm so happy to be home  smile  i might have picked up a virus from the hotel wi-fi though   
"my dad ate 50% more pizza than i did  if i ate 4 slices of pizza, how many slices did my dad eat? (math in real life!!!)"
feels bad when he mows over ant colonies
likes a certain special someone  smile 
fallout 3 is a good game
is in dire need of a nourishing meal!
the british are coming!
the british arrived today and i managed to avoid them except for a short introductory encounter  enjoyed a fun cookout today with <propfemale> <propfemale> black  smile 
they took my table  sad 
"<propmale> really messed up this time    why don't they ever apologize? 19 people dead and all they can say is \self defense!\"""""
didn't celebrate national chipotle day  sad 
it's facebook official!  surprise 
people get outraged at the most meaningless things sometimes   
congratulations to the class of 2010!  smile 
it was good to see people from open door tonight  smile  congratulations graduates! i miss high school   
found an amazing store and got three new computer games today for less than $8 each!
wants classes to start back up so that he can discuss issues with people every day
had a most wonderful picnic date with <propfemale> <propfemale> black ! she is so beautiful  smile 
summer takes the anticipation out of weekends :  
netherlands vs  denmark tomorrow!
victory for netherlands 2-0!!! i totally predicted it  playful 
had a great dinner with friends  smile  off to the zoo tomorrow! fun fun fun  laugh 
it's amazing what little things like a disk defragmentation and a reboot will do for my computer  smile 
had a fun day at the zoo! it's inspiring to witness first-hand the animals you would otherwise only see on tv or read about 
has arrived at his family reunion in new jersey after an 8 hour car ride    i am surprised they have internet access in these 19th century rooms lol
is back from his family reunion  let's <propfemale> out  smile 
it's interesting to consider why we give some people the benefit of the doubt and are quick to judge others  is past behavior a reliable indicator of the motivations behind future actions?
i wonder if any of us really understand this life   
the sky is orange yellow!
i predict netherlands vs  germany in the world cup finals
had fish for breakfast
"look at my horse, my horse is amazing!"
kickball at lagrange central park at 7 smile 0! everyone should come! <propmale> mclaughlin is hosting  it will be fun  smile 
kickball soccer was lots of fun  smile  it's good to get out and play
"the sun sets, it is the dawning of a new night"
this chicken stir fry <propfemale> cuisine is delicious!
"that was a close one for the netherlands, i'm glad the clock ran out when it did  on to the finals! i predict germany  my long-term prediction is coming true  smile "
what is warped tour?
"ah, the power of the media    my dad (who doesn't know the first thing about basketball) is now up in arms about lebron leaving the cavs after watching the local news"
go netherlands!
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
got an interview at best buy on thursday  laugh  feel free to post some interview tips please  smile 
got new clothes for the interview and a haircut    there goes my first two paychecks
interview tomorrow! shoes polished and clothes ironed - now for a dash of dutch swagger and this one's in the bag  wink 
the interview was a success! i now have another interview on tuesday and if i make it past that one i'll have a third one before i'm hired
we all have something positive to contribute to the lives of others every day  the small things are what matter most!
trust is delicate
"knight and day was a good movie  <propmale> cruise is a good actor, he really brought the right style and attitude to this film  smile "
that interview was much different than the first one   
aww i just got <propmale> roll'd
i think inception might cause some people to actually commit suicide    it's that mind-blowing
time to sit back and see what happens   
"\you keep telling yourself what you know  but what do you believe? what do you feel?\"""""
is tired of being bored and wants classes to start up again  maybe i'll get a call back about a job soon? i need something to change 
"just killed a fly by flicking it with his right ring finger  also, he is frustrated because he doesn't understand why people like thunderstorms "
received a call from best buy today and is set for a third and final interview on monday! i will know immediately if i am hired  smile 
"\    you have to embrace your likes and dislikes or you will forever drown in choices \"""""
is a new employee of best buy so long as he passes the drug test tomorrow  smile  orientation on saturday!
human beings are fundamentally irrational
had fun at <propmale> & busters today  laugh  half-price games every wednesday! i still have 40+ credits left on my card
is ridin' solo
i passed the drug test in case anyone was wondering haha  playful  orientation is saturday!
just found a twig in his hair after mowing the lawn over an hour ago   
music is a good friend in lonely times
will welcome the structure that employment and school will bring to his life  maybe i'll actually go to bed at night and be awake during the day  wink 
what a day    it was my first day on the job at best buy and i've got a lot of information to process  it looks like there will be some intense training ahead
"\an ethical person often chooses to do more than the law requires and less than the law allows \"" - best buy code of business ethics"""
was reminded today that positivity and a good attitude will attract people to you  smile 
don't you just hate it when a conversation feels like pulling teeth?
check out the political discussion happening on <propfirst> pepple 's wall status  i'd love to see some more people weigh in  smile 
wants to see <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world
set his alarm for 11 surprise 0 am    woke up at 3 surprise 0 pm
entertainment for tonight's laundry-folding session was provided by: <propfirst> swift
sometimes i get sad  sad 
i set up my first checking account ever today! the past two days have been rough  i need some good sleep tonight
it's the last weekend before school starts back up! time to have some end-of-summer fun  laugh 
"<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world is one of the greatest films of my generation! i laughed a ton, nearly cried, and spilt most of the popcorn on the floor  laugh  i haven't had that much fun at the movies in years! a great night with friends  smile "
"\the greatest enemy of a good plan is the dream of a perfect plan \"""""
loves being saturated in knowledge every day thanks to his schooling at lorain county community college and his training at best buy  smile 
has nothing important to say but feels the ine playful licable urge to update his status
"i wish i had been born 100 years in the future, it feels like the world is in the middle of a lot of critical changes that probably won't be resolved in my lifetime"
"is getting pumped for another day on the sales floor    all day, not a game!"
i am more tired than i've been at any point in the past 3 months
i might have received my first paycheck tonight    i'll have to stop at the bank tomorrow to see if there's magically money in my account  direct deposit really reduces the coolness of your first paycheck lol
"life is quite good right now, i shall savor every bite  smile "
"? hello again, friend of a friend  i knew you when our common goal was waiting for the world to end  now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend, you crack the whip, shapeshift and trick the past again  ?"
shopped for nearly 2 hours and bought    a pair of shoes
i want to talk about life with a wise old <propfemale>  beard and robe required  staff optional 
"\society learned long ago that self-sufficiency breeds inefficiency  the jack-of-all-trades may be a very colorful individual but is certainly not an efficient producer \""  -my economics textbook"""
i feel lonely
never underestimate the value of a friend  smile 
i need to get my voter registration form in the mail asap!
the average markup of movie theater popcorn is 1275%
"friends, good food, and stimulating entertainment make me happy  i have had plenty of each today  smile "
going through all of my old video games has proved to be worth the effort  smile 
sometimes i feel like everyone else is having more fun than i am :  
"i have so much to say and so few people to talk to haha  i am craving a face-to-face, in-depth discussion! i miss high school, where i could talk about many different things every day in all of my classes "
i feel really good about the forum post i just wrote for composition  smile 
"so get this    somebody hacks my world of warcraft account and renews the subscription, my friend texts me that my character is online    so i log in and change my password and get all my items and gold returned  now i have a free month of wow on the hacker's credit card lol"
my next paycheck hits on friday and i still haven't spent half of my first paycheck! what do i do with all this money???
haribo gold-bears are the best gummy bears on the market  i would never trust a generic brand over haribo!
"today is a good day  smile  about to wreak some havoc on the sales floor  all day, not a game!"
"school was good  work sucked  well, more like i sucked at work    :  "
"what do you do to stay energized? between school, work, homework, and facebook i get pretty drained these days!"
i really like that facebook now consolidates your notifications so you don't get 10 of them saying that 10 other people commented on the same status you did  i had only 3 notifications today representing a dozen posts  smile 
"quite a good day today! i gained a good deal of knowledge, a chunk of confidence, and a drop of wisdom  smile "
"after plugging my finances into a spreadsheet, i've found that i spent 40 2% of my first paycheck on food and snacks, 20 1% on gas, and have 28% left over! the rest was miscellaneous "
"if i judge the quality of my day by the quality of the food i ate, today was one of the best days of my life  smile "
i've got a hot date scheduled this weekend with my microeconomics textbook  wink 
"consider the time it takes to do something normal (like laundry, homework, or updating your status)  now, multiply that amount of time by 4  that is how much time i usually spend thinking about why and how i should do that same task before i do it   "
today was a good day  i'm gaining a lot of confidence at work and i was able to demonstrate some of my skill today  smile  i like my job!
mount & blade: warband is the most underrated game of all time! everybody needs to play this game!  laugh 
wow! hamburger + bleu cheese crumbles + sauteed onions = delicious!
i am seeking a female companion  date suggestions welcome  smile 
what a boring day    i didn't even enjoy the time i wasted lol
"\a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush \"""""
i find myself consistently putting more effort into conversations than the other person
i'd like some cheese with my whine 
red bull tastes so sweet on a sunday afternoon
will i ever do my weekly homework before sunday night? will i ever get a paper or project done more than one day before it's due? i don't feel like answering these questions right now    maybe some other time   wink 
i just read an article claiming that staunch liberalism is stifling intellectual freedom on college campuses  my entire educational e playful erience has been saturated in conservatism   
i am quite full of <propfemale> ale
food is e playful ensive!
:' 
"sometimes it's good to just stare up at the night sky and put things in perspective  by the way, jupiter is just to the east of the <propfemale> tonight  it's the closest jupiter will be to earth for the next 10 years  wink "
"my doctor told me that i look \evenly distributed\""    i think she was flirting with me  playful """
my latest paycheck was unusually large    gonna make it rain in the club!!!  wink 
i'm kinda disappointed in the game i just bought    maybe i haven't given it enough time to grow on me  annoyed 
compatible senses of humor are rare
politics impede good governance
i like my smart friends  smile 
french people are interesting
it is hard to start an essay when i know it's going to take a couple of hours to finish  sad 
i've made this essay more difficult to write than it should be  annoyed 
upgraded our internet from 3 mbps to 12 mbps for just $5 more per month    this is much faster!  smile  now i never have to wait for movies to buffer on youtube because the streaming is so fast  laugh 
hmmm 5 <propfemale> essay due tomorrow    red bull in the fridge    all nighter? i think so   wink 
essay done! time for 1 hour of sleep before i have to get ready for school    and then work right afterward    this is uncharted territory for me lol
"i was less tired during the day than i e playful ected after getting only 1 hour of sleep last night  the only hard part was getting out of bed  oh, and the essay's due date has been postponed to next week  so    yeah    waste of an all-nighter        "
i eat so much more fast food now that i have a job and school   
just watched defiance  it was a great movie!
"because of the price of the metals involved, the cost of minting a <propfemale> is 1 67 cents  also, the cost of minting a nickel is 7 7 cents  why do we still use these small coins??"
"is sick and is staying home from school and work today  this gives him the opportunity to catch up on sleep, facebook, and quiet contemplation "
it's hard to make a convincing argument when i can see all of the flaws in my own reasoning  smile 
i'm not really on top of things lately  i need to channel my energy toward specific tasks 
ughhhh i do not recommend splitting mcdonald's 50 mcnugget meal any less than 4 ways    especially if you get fries and a drink at the same time  sad 
i feel like i've already been alive a long time
so    a customer set me up with a girl today by giving me her number but she won't respond to my gentlemanly text messages  sad 
biology is a very interesting class! it ranks up there with sociology and psychology  wink 
i've made lots of poor choices this week  i need a personal consultant lol
music sounds better on saturdays  breakfast tastes better than usual too!  laugh 
trained a large band of warriors from raw recruits today but then led them into a bloodbath    50 virtual lives were lost  crying   there's got to be a better way to take down heavy cavalry!
"i've heard twice today that 10 10 10 won't happen again for 1,000 years, but i'm pretty sure it happens every 100 years    october 10th, 2110 will be written as 10 10 10  what's really cool is october 10th, 1010  wink "
time to buckle down and do work! but first i will take a pre-emptive break   
finally finished my online certifications for work! i should've done this weeks ago lol
what is the sound of one hand clapping?
it is a good feeling to speak freely without fear of judgment or an angry response
"smoking is bad enough, but when i see someone throw their cigarette out the car window    grrr    cars are equipped with ash trays! -_-"
this nagging loneliness needs to get fixed soon  annoyed 
needs to develop new coping mechanisms and emotional outlets
i'm too school for cool  wink 
so many choices    so little guidance   
tonight i am happy  smile 
"i hate faucets that inject air into the water flow  when you turn the knob to increase the flow, you don't get any more water, it just adds air pressure    it ends up taking longer to wash your hands! a steady flow of water without air and a thick, non-runny soap are the best  smile "
"i don't care about politics as much as i used to  annoyed  i think it's these campaign ads    everyone is just lying all the time  i wish government operated based on statistics, science, and reason "
"half of my life is going well, the other half is dragging me down, and the third half is analyzing it all  playful "
my new profile picture is friendlier  smile 
i am very disappointed in the quality of bp's car wash  i had to wash the dirt streaks off of my door by hand afterward  sad 
maybe i should write poems?
"\sheep! mere sheep! easily dispersed if we strike the shepherd!\"" - <propmale> longshanks from \""braveheart\"""""
what if <propfemale> parks had a car?
the new week falls upon the prepared and unprepared just the same   
i waved to someone 15 feet away from me at school today because i thought i knew them    but they just made an angry face at me  sad 
i wonder if i would learn more by staying asleep and letting my dreams teach me than by going to class    hmmm  playful 
"suddenly, i am motivated to improve!  surprise "
today was one of those days where i just wanted to curl up and die  annoyed 
i did not realize that you are supposed to tip your hair dresser    heading back later tonight to make it right lol
tonight was a great night! i visited a hindu <propfemale> with a couple of friends and had an awesome time at <propmale> buffalo for dinner  smile 
had a wonderful night out at crocker park for my mom's birthday  laugh 
i am hiding in the basement from the thousands of ghouls and goblins outside    i hope they don't eat my car in the driveway  surprise 
"maybe i should go off to college somewhere  first, i should probably choose a <propmale>  alternatively, i could travel    i've got it! i'll be a travelling philosopher!"
i have created a predicament for myself once again    now to slay the beast i've spawned!
"i hate how each \question\"" on this microeconomics homework is actually made up of four or five questions   """
"so    our new governor's favorite tv show is fox news    needless to say, i fear for the future of our state "
working 9 pm to 1 am tonight for the midnight release of kinnect for the xbox 360!
kinect is impressive! i am mildly sore from playing the demo so much with customers lol
i am starting to invest some of my savings and i'm looking for advice on where to put my money  i'm doing my own research but i'd also like to hear some opinions from my facebook friends  smile  if you're an adult: what do you wish you would have done at my age with your money?
i want to do something fun and spontaneous tomorrow! maybe i'll burst into song in the middle of my biology exam     smile 
why should we celebrate guy fawkes day? it's a celebration of the failure of a plot to blow up the english parliament  that is un-american! people will find an excuse to celebrate anything these days   
lots of free time this weekend  smile 
"there's been a lot of break-ups on my news feed lately  it's reminding me that we're all in a struggle against loneliness and despair  we need each other for encouragement and support  we all e playful erience heartbreak, so let's reach out to one another   smile "
i got the most sleep i've had in a long time last night  smile 
"i need to get rid of this emotional baggage, it's destroying me  annoyed  also, i hate that it's sunday night and i have a big lab test tomorrow  and i'm disappointed in myself for using facebook to vent my problems lol"
i've gained some clarity  talking to people who have my best interests at heart has brought me closer to the right path 
looking forward to meeting with my academic counselor on wednesday to plot a course for my future  smile 
people in white helmets are striking my house repeatedly with various tools  i think they want to fight or something 
booooo essay   sad  choosing a topic is the hardest part 
you decide: should employees be able to say whatever they want about their employers on facebook? i'm writing an essay and i'd like to hear ideas!
my mind is so bogged down    i'm not making any significant progress on this essay  this might turn into an all-nighter!  surprise 
just finished my essay! now to catch an hour of rest and then make it safely to school on time   
i operated surprisingly well on one hour of sleep today    i felt less tired than i do when i sleep for 6 hours (slight undersleep) or 10 hours (oversleep)
picked up <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world on dvd today!!!
the afternoon and evening flew by way too fast today   
it's dumb that the sun goes down before 6 surprise 0 pm now  darkness makes the days feel shorter  sad 
so that's how it's gonna be    > annoyed  new plan!
"haha    \if the opposite of 'pro' is 'con'    what is the opposite of 'progress'?\"""""
"i just spent 15 minutes closely monitoring the number of \thumbs up\"" ratings my comment received on a yahoo news article  now i can cuddle my inflated ego while i sleep  smile """
lunch time! it's the best time to eat lunch!
good times today  smile 
watching casino royale with my parents    all three of us are on our laptops haha
it's gonna be a good day!
i played football today and got hit in the face pretty hard  it has re-arranged some things in my head  now i enjoy country music and the taste of diet soda  sad 
feeling pretty chill
it's amazing how fast you can run out of money when you don't work enough hours
i enjoy reading articles
"i think that rainbows probably do taste like skittles    so good! especially the new \fizzl'd fruits\"" fizzy skittles lol"""
is anybody else not really into <propmale> potter? cuz i feel left out  annoyed 
"if you had a birthday coming up, what would you do to celebrate?"
i lack direction and motivation  annoyed  all of my energy is going to waste!
new brake pads on my car! now i can stop without flames spewing from my tires!
"i picked up the package of pre-cooked bacon in the fridge today but it was open on both ends    so bacon rained down upon my dog, who was standing next to me  he nearly died of excitement lol"
fell asleep on the couch last night and woke up in time to write my paper before class  smile  it's weird starting my day off productively though    now off to work til' 7-ish
can't wait to reconnect with my high school friends who are home on break  smile 
i wonder if the dollar store is going to have any amazing doorbuster deals for black friday??
"worked 4 am to 2 pm, came home, passed out on the couch, just woke up    missed all of my friends hanging out  sad "
"this is the busiest \break\"" i've ever had! i had some great times with good friends over the past couple of days  today is the only day i don't have a <propmale> obligation and i'll be working on a large load of school work"""
it's my birthday!!! 19 is the oldest i've ever been now  thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
there's a couple sitting near me having the most interesting conversation    i want to chime in so badly but i don't want to ruin their date lol
sooner or later i'm going to have to try something different   
current mood rating: 7 out of 10
"when i got home from work tonight and opened the car door, i found a piece of bacon in my lap  it made me smile  smile "
what an outrageously good morning afternoon! i feel strongly compelled to compose a note e playful laining why i am happy  laugh  stay tuned!
i'm just going to relax for a bit  smile 
aaaaaaaaaah! happy  laugh 
mmmmm warm clothes out of the dryer    delicious  smile 
omg i just found out my english comp final is today at 8 surprise 0 am lol    and a 5 <propfemale> essay is due    in 5 hours    this is really really bad  sad  this is what happens when you take a composition class that meets online 1 day a week   
everything turned out alright  my exams were easy today and i was able to get an extension on my essay until wednesday    now back to daydreaming  laugh 
"? come on, come on, say that we'll be together  come on, come on, little taste of heaven ?"
rockin' out to the beatles and reading some cool stuff    basking in my fortunate circumstance  laugh 
trying to write an essay but my mind is elsewhere     smile 
i've invoked the power of mocha frappuccino to get me through this essay! don't fail me now   
that's the last time i'll need to stay up until 4 smile 0 am writing an essay until next semester    now to bed!
so excited for my date tonight!  laugh  the roads cleared up and everything    it's all falling into place  smile 
awesome date!  laugh  went to a lovely coffee shop in downtown medina with a beautiful girl    i hope we can get together again soon  smile 
omg facebook official!!!  laugh  now off to work with an extra spring in my step  smile 
i got a bunch of <propfemale> kat bars  laugh 
all of my friends are playing world of warcraft
shoot! i forgot to make a wish at 11:11    i literally watched the clock change to 11:12  sad 
the world of warcraft is overwhelming!
sleep is addictive   
"feeling mildly ill  annoyed  \off to do some shopping "
"sick today  sad  \called off work\slept 'til 2 surprise 0 pm\i miss <propfemale> <propmale>   love "
i'm feeling better today  going to see <propfemale> <propmale> !!! <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> to everyone! peace on earth and all that good stuff  smile 
got a spiffy new office chair for christmas!
"hmm if anyone from best buy has the schedule for portable electronics next week, please let me know what times i work tomorrow lol   "
"<propfirst> dellinger saved my life! nate did too, but i can't find him on facebook   "
the wireless router died so i've barricaded myself in the basement with an ethernet cable and our windstream router    all our internets are mine! > smile 
spent the afternoon with <propfemale> and the evening with <propfirst>    good day  laugh 
i love when i clean my glasses with soap water and the world looks like it's in high definition for about 5 minutes  smile 
movie night at the wasil's!!!! always good times  smile 
<propfemale> <propmale> is home! i can't wait to see her  smile 
"just finished ordering my books and reviewing my class schedule  it's going to be a good semester! well, everything except math looks good   "
i am learning a lot from my adventures in the stock market! it seems like i have nobody to talk to about investing though  :  
on skype with <propfemale> <propmale>  smile  technology does wonders for relationships!
"me: hello there sir, i see you're checking out that wii controller! have any questions about it?\customer: *ignore*\me: sooo you should definitely buy that to play with your friends!\customer: you probably shouldn't tell me what to buy \me: *backs away slowly*"
walmart was out of generic folders so i picked up a <propfirst> bieber one   
"break camp, it's time to continue our quest for knowledge "
my dad always helps me to put life in perspective
"wow, i really like google chrome!"
it looks like i'll basically be living in europe for a month starting in mid june!
the hardest part about driving is finding the ideal frequency for the windshield wipers during rain
so tired lately    :  
"\america is a country for young people  i can't grow old here  perhaps i should go to <propfemale> to grow old \"" - guest on national public radio"""
i do not like winter!
"i like this ad on the side of my page: \are you a philosopher? get found by the people who need you at skillpages com!\"" as if a philosophy is some kind of marketable skill  playful """
"seriously? the dow, nasdaq, and s&p 500 have been climbing but my individual stocks keep going down    i should've bought mutual funds "
state of the union address!!! nine o'clock!!!! wooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
state of the union after party in my basement!!! woot woot!
"the axe quickly forgets, but the tree always remembers"
math exam today :       i would rather stay home and eat <propfemale> kats
i swear my phone feels lighter after i delete my stored messages
i have school today :  
no school tomorrow! i still have to submit some assignments via the web    there are downsides to integrating the internet into education  playful 
intense stuff happening around the world  surprise 
i have a lot of homework and i am sick of the cold weather and snow 
my headset broke after 1 year so i took it back under the 2 year replacement plan and got a new pair  the cool part is that the 1 year left over counts toward the new pair  smile 
"i have much to be happy about, and yet i grow sad   "
"shaving every day is a hassle  i miss the good times back in the day, when a smooth shave would last 3 or 4 days depending on how much red meat i ate "
outrageously tired    the climb upstairs to bed seems impossible    maybe i'll just sleep here in this comfy office chair   
stuff happening n' stuff
"an ironic valentines day i suppose, but it was mutual and i was surprised how well we both handled it "
i need to hone my decision-making skills
"well, so much for \i was surprised how well we both handled it\""   """
why do i fight the urge to sleep at night just to browse the web? what a waste! and yet i've been doing it for years   
"netflix is amazing  the ability to stream movies instantly, any time i want, opens up a whole new world of entertainment possibilities! and it's only $8 a month    now all i need is a few hundred hours of free time to watch everything i ever imagined "
"i hate those things that ask you to \enter the word as it is displayed below\"" and then you can't read the word! i can't be the only person that has trouble with those    i fail at least three times on them no matter what """
can't sleep - too much on my mind    but in a good way  smile 
"wrapped up the work day with a huge sale! sadly, there were no managers around to witness it  if a sale goes through at a register and no manager is around to hear it, does it still make a sound?  playful "
wow    uncompressed hd video files are massive   
lccc is closed! oh wait    i didn't have class today anyway lol
today can only be described as a smashing success  smile 
basement flooded  sad 
"considering the news from around the state, we are fortunate that only our basement flooded  it was less than an inch deep all around, and we were also relatively prepared  buying that steam vacuum a few months ago was a good idea after all  wink "
glad to have a couple of days off from work! i can focus on getting some things done for school  plus i get to spend time with someone very special tomorrow evening!  smile 
i had the most wonderful time with <propfemale> fridley tonight!  dinner + the <propmale>'s speech  more good times to come  smile 
basketball game tonight at <propmale> with <propfemale> and friends  smile 
"tonight was so much fun! definitely a good mix of people  \<propfemale> is simply amazing ?"
got home from work this afternoon  off to work again this evening for inventory until 1 or 2 am    long day!
it doesn't get any better than this! i've got a date tonight with the beautiful <propfemale> fridley and you should be jealous  smile 
the introduction of mushrooms into the human diet may be the single greatest tragedy in the history of our species 
gas prices are insane! i need a car with 80 <propmale> per gallon
i like the crusty slices on the ends of bread loaves 
"as always, i had a thoroughly enjoyable evening with <propfemale> fridley yesterday! so happy  smile "
wow! what an adventure    my girlfriend is so much fun to <propfemale> out with  love 
i feel like i'm falling behind    probably because i am :  
"i'm glad that humanity has agreed in recent centuries that slavery is bad  when you think about it, it really took us a long time to figure that one out  we've come a long way over the past few thousand years    *end random thought*"
celebrating all things green tonight with <propfemale> fridley! she's pretty cool  wink 
sick  sad 
"i need a new game to play  i've been researching for two and a half hours but everything either looks lame, is too similar to something i've played before, or costs too much    :  "
"\the mother of excess is not joy but joylessness \"" - friedrich nietzsche"""
eating cereal  smile 
date tonight with my girl  <propfemale> fridley  love 
life is good right now  smile 
i'm addicted to lay's stax mesquite barbecue chips   
my girlfriend sent me a card in the mail  laugh 
"\we build too many walls and not enough bridges \"" - sir <propmale> <propmale>"""
how do we fix the system?
so much rain    heavy rain   
i am profoundly disappointed that the lagrange mcdonald's was closed early tonight  my whole evening is thrown off now  crying 
off to work! i could sure use the money   
we give democracy a bad name when we preach it to the rest of the world while we can't govern ourselves   
i might get new glasses today!
got my new passport for the trip to europe this summer  smile 
i might be a type b personality
really enjoying europa universalis iii  smile  strategy fans should check it out!
bad day  sad 
great day with <propfemale> fridley! she's the best    <propmale> miserables at playhouse square and a nice steak dinner  smile 
"\the internet told me my turtle's in pain!\"" - member of my group in class today"""
raspberry chocolates are so good!
? i have a structured settlement but i need cash now    ?
"death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily    <propmale> bonaparte"
soooo much rain    i'll be vigilantly monitoring my basement!
so tired i'm gonna diiiieeeee
<propfemale> party at rj's!
mount & blade: with fire and sword will be released may 3rd!!! already pre-purchased it    i can't wait  smile 
fun date with <propfemale> fridley  love  laser tag and gyros  smile 
"\did you remember to do those things that i forgot to remind you about?\"" - <propfemale> fridley"""
may the 4th be with you! happy <propfemale> wars day!  smile 
sigh
