a76d9b8b7f80e5f5ba67b39e67b48c72
happy new year   it's a new start    may everyone be blessed with good fortune and happiness 
long day at work today  one more 12 hour day to go  gotta go to bed and stop watching the mj stuff   rip mj
"i just worked a 6 hr shift i may not get paid for while \on vacation\""  oh the pharmacy gods have spoken again      """
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend of quilting   spending her last few days of vacation completing her projects 
thinks she should not watch hgtv   it gets her into to much trouble 
"loves watching conan  \coco\""  he is so silly"""
what's with all the cops pulling people over  i saw 3 cars pulled over in a 4 mile stretch  i'm now driving like a grandma as it is 
the wizard of oz in on tv tonight      when i saw that i kinda got excited like when i was a kid     we used to watch it once a year   i don't know why i still get excited we have the dvd downatairs  it's just not the same as regular tv
"i find it ironic that at my son's college they have a strict alcohol policy  \the body is the container\"" yet they are showing the movie \""the hangover\"" tonight """
thinks this rain has to stop  i have been so sleepy all day  me and the cats 
i ordered 50 photo xmas cards from shutterfly but recieved 150  so everyone    you are all getting a card  luckily i did not get charged 
if you like pirates call shutterfly customer service  1-888-225-7159  listen to the options it will tell you if you select #6 you will hear these options like a pirate  select 6 for a good laugh  smile 
i never get tired of watching christmas vacation   funny
what is your favorite christmas vacation movie quote?
<propfemale> christmas to everyone     i can't believe my kids are grown and i am still up until 1am 
sorry fiolks parks closed   moose out front should have told you   no fireworks
hap hap happy new year!!!!
i just discovered weight watchers cheeseburgers   omg! fantastic     
omg     conan's show tonight is great    really slammin nbc
good morning everyone      
"went to <propmale> today to run an errand  <propmale> and i went up <propfirst> st from the river  boy, all the beautiful homes  we went around and picked up brochures for the houses that were for sale(just for fun and curiosity)they are all built in the 1800's  i never knew <propmale> had such historical homes  i looked at the virtual tours on some of these  ah to dream   i would love an old home but not the problems that go with them "
it was such a nice <propfemale> day    i'm feeling much better after being sick for 3 weeks  i walked the dogs or shall i say they walked me  i finally got that basket of laundry put away that had been sitting in my bedroom for 2 weeks  yeah!  tomarrow <propfemale> and i are off to the fox to see mamma mia  some mamma-daughter time 
"has watched healthcare reform all day     i am on politics overload  i've decide to change the channel to \dude where's my car\"" to clear my palate until the 10 surprise 0 vote """
"good morning, happy april fools day  this was my father's favorite day next to xmas  he would start his day early dragging you out of bed for some drastic reason  let's hear about all your best april fools tricks "
is taking it easy this morning of my vacation  we are off to the cards game this afternoon  homers landing here we come 
"is off to paducah, ky in the morning to attend the aqs quilt show  we are staying in <propmale>, ky  i hope to get some new ideas and see some beautiful quilts "
"is in <propmale>, ky  only took us 11 1 2 hours to get here via 3 quilt shops and 3 antique malls  oh ya supper too "
finished my 10 minute table runner <propfemale> i bought at the paducah quilt show but it took me 40 minutes    go figure 
i just love <propfemale> white   she is so funny 
is back from bringing <propfirst> home from college  he is sure glad to be home  his roomate passed away the last friday night so it has been a difficult week for him  pray for the boys family 
is looking for a small apartment sized coffee table for <propfirst>'s college apartment for next year  if anyone sees one let me know  i picked up 2 end tables today for $20 bucks  what a steal 
has wasted enough time on fb tonight  i searched for a new bumper sticker  all the ones that made me laugh were very inappropriate  oh well   off to the sewing room 
okay    does anyone have a favorite anchorman quote?  i will also take favorite wedding crasher quotes 
just finished 2 days of 12 hour shifts and little sleep because i had to take care of my big dog <propfemale>  she whined all during the storms at 3am  i thought the days of getting up with crying babies was over  time for a day off tomorrow 
it is going to be a great weekend  my son and i are off to kansas city to see conan o'brien's legally prohibited from being funny in prime time tour  we have nosebleed seats but i hear there is not a bad seat in the house 
saw a great conan show last night in kc  the <propmale> weinberg 7(minus <propmale> weinberg) band was fantastic  who knew labamba could sing  the mb bear showed up and triumph was there   we were up in the balcony and conan ran up there while performing a song  now it is off to the <propmale> <propmale> museum on the way home  have a great day everyone 
has a day off  off for some vino and lunch with my gal pals at the winery  it's so sex and the city without the cosmos 
thinks she may have finally won the civil ant war of 2010 that has been going on in her kitchen for 2 weeks   i feel buggy though 
"is up, has her coffee and is ready to enjoy her weekend   mani, swimming, bbq and sex and the city 2  oh ya, they are serving cosmos at the theater "
and her husband did something we should never attempt together       a home improvement project  but all is well and we did not kill each other  we installed a new hall light and it only took us 1 1 2 hours  lol
finally finished up 3 quilts she has been working on for about 4 years      i started a quilt to give as a gift  it is just gorgeous  it is going to be hard to give this one up 
"has learned (according to my quizzes) i am a cross between grace <propfirst>, <propfemale> white and <propfemale> bradshaw  how can that be???"
is out to see kansas styx and foreigner in concert tonight 
you know your cat is fat when they walk across the room and the floor squeaks 
i am officially on vacation from work for 8 days  time to relax and enjoy some home time 
okay   i have learned to use my scanner  everyone is officially on notice 
is not at all happy she received a copy of aarp magazine today 
"managed to do 2 1 2 mile walk run today  more walking than running, but it is a start after hurting the ankle  it felt great!"
<propmale> and i got our antique fountain working in the backyard after much neglect from last year  took us all day in 95 degree weather   some new lights added and it looks great 
no storms today + gardening + massage = a great day off 
i've got strippers coming to the house today   wallpaper strippers that is  laugh    i'm so excited!!!
"has officially entered the twilight zone  my daughter said to me and i quote \when i get home from school tomorrow i am going to eat and start vaccuming and cleaning the house \""  <propmale> where are you?????"""
"omg   i just tried those bags that you store stuff in, then suck the air out  they are great "
is off to dinner and the muny with the family  it's going to be a hot one 
"wonders if i am the only person who uses the excuse \i'm not paying attention because i'm on facebook \"""""
is feeling wicked tonight at the fox theater 
remembers past fourth of july bottle rocket wars    good times  oh crap i've just been hit 
is looking at a new phone  iphone or blackberry? if you own one of these i would like some input on why you like it  pros and cons 
is watching <propfirst> adams miniseries  very good 
can't sleep   happy fourth facebookers!  god bless <propfemale>!
is done lighting off fireworks and the house didn't catch on fire yeah     we have discovered artillary shells this year  thank you missouri!
"my son just left for <propmale>, florida with 4 friends on a road trip to <propmale> potter world  be safe guys   have fun "
is posting her first status from her iphone   still learning 
is officially on vacation 
<propfirst> benetar has taken the stage  wink 
forgot how crazy lawn seats can be at a concert  reo next 
went to night ranger pat benatar reo last night  benatar was struggling vocally but it was still good  the last time i saw reo was in 1979 80??? they sounded just as good as they did back in the day  <propfirst> cronin was amazing  he looks like a cute little munchkin 
"is out the door to door county,ws"
is now arguing with the gps
thinks it is good for the soul to get away but coming home and being greeted by 4 little furry faces and sleeping in your own bed is wonderful too 
2-12 hour shifts in a row = tired  3 = we shall see  haven't done that in a long time 
has learned that working 12 hour shifts makes you sleep through massive thunder and lightning storms  usually everything wakes me up but noooo not the past few days  bring it on mother nature    tonight i'm ready again 
just discovered you can change your language on facebook to us english (pirate)  lol  pretty funny 
bridal shower today for miss <propfemale> hommert 
"i had a friend has ask me to go to the county fair tomorrow  i said yes, because i have never been to a county fair and even though it brings up images of pigs, cows, country music and square dancing   i am still curious   well, i was not far off  on the schedule for tomorrow   pig swine judging, poultry show and dance hall exhibit  yahoo!"
"ok,i'll play       how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a challenge for you   i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get   or lack thereof"
"if anyone gets a link from <propmale> polwort  do not view it  we think he has a facebook virus  he did not send out those links  <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, april and <propfemale> "
has one more 12 hour shift left for the week  then off to vegas baby!!!!
"i am up, but after working 5 straight days(52 hours) i am so tired  instead of vegas baby!!!!!!!!! it is more like    vegas baby what?????wake me up when we get there  i am sure i will snap out of it"
on no    we are in a <propmale> gift shop  still no <propmale> glasses with the attached sideburns 
"got a neck massage at the outlet mall today  this is how it went \\\joan"," you muscles tight\""\"a76d9b8b7f80e5f5ba67b39e67b48c72,"we are at the fountains at bellagio, i ask my husband if the people next to us are speaking french\he says \i don't know   it is all greek to me\"""""
is watching sleepless in seattle  i forgot what a wonderful movie it is    and the music ah!!!!
is back to work after 7 days off  the sun is shining  hope everyone has a great day 
google has the wizard of oz theme?????? is today special?
is chillin with mrs binks 
perfect audit at last!!!!!!!!  wahoo!
strong coffee!
i've had my nap now time to get ready for my 30 year class reunion tonight  it should be fun!
ok today  really really strong coffee with a side order of b50 complex and maybe a ibuprofen for good measure 
rush just took the stage  geddy is struggling 
"well my son is all set at college for his second year  i am going to take the back roads home via a few country quilt shops  just me and <propfemale>, <propfirst>, journey and foreigner "
schucky ducky quack quack!!!!!!!
thinks the weeks events have caught up with me so i will say goodnight early  i am exhausted!
has cleaned the quilting room and is ready to work on some beautiful projects 
going to the cards game today  looks like it is going to be a beautiful weekend  everyone enjoy!
"has cleaned out her requests section on her facebook wall  done all the quiz requests  accepted all the hearts and you know it is way too much work to send a heart   points and all  but sorry people    i ignored your farmville, yoville, nails, mafia requests  they make you feel so guilty when you do  \you have ignored so and so's request\"" nothing like a good scolding """
is in the home stretch of finishing a quilt  almost passed out from not eating  now that is dedication  got a pbj in me and i am headed back downstairs 
has woke up and cannot sleep  listening to the dog snore  sad 
aargh!!!!!!
i'm at my pharmacy seminar  on the other side of the hotel is the strowlerfest  there is a performer that says she is a high energy empowering folk rocking and jazzy jivin to a goddess-groovin celebration of the feminine  hmmm which should i attend??????
has to start giving immunizations at work next year  my needle phobia is why i quit nursing school  not good :~ 
today was my last day as a girl scout leader  after 9 years leading my daughters troop  6 years leading my son's boy scout troop with my husband and 7 years as a scout myself  it was a very rewarding e playful erience  and for all you people who heard me complain over the years    yes it was worth it 
just keep sewing         
i almost forgot it's international talk like a pirate day  so shiver me timbers and ahoy mateys i'm ready to fly home  wink 
there's nothing better than redecorating and nothing worse than cleaning up after the mess 
had a good laugh today  <propmale> had a minor outpatient procedure today  when he came to with me at his side he starts confessing to me all the money he spent on a certain item 3 weeks ago  he tells me this about 3 times then asks me when they are going to do the procedure  which they already had  soooo cute   good thing i am not going under anesthesia  he doesn't want to know how much i spent last weekend  laugh  
i love thursday night tv!!!!     greys anatomy   private practice  it doesn't get any better!
is getting ready for the bachelorette party tonight  going to the big bang on the landing 
"i have officially had it   last 3 weeks rash, steroids, superficial venous thrombosis, strange bruises(like someone beat me with a bat)   blood tests then rash again  now strep throat  i am tired and sick and bored on top of it  i have a ton of things i want to do but can't  boo hooo!"
is feeling better and her son as come home  life is good!
"has anyone watched \shit my dad says\"" new tv show with <propfirst> shatner  a spin off of the real life twitter facebook <propfemale>   also if there is anyone that has watched \""boardwalk empire\"" on hbo  opinions please        """
it is going to be a great day today! today we celebrate my niece <propfemale> and <propmale>'s wedding  i also get to see all my brothers and sisters  all 8 of us  this will be the first time we will be together in 8 years  a great day to celebrate family 
one miner up!!!! let's pray they all make it up safely 
who was the host of soul train in the 70's????   anyone??
"is finally getting back to normal  strep gone, cold gone, rash almost gone thanks to a wonderful dermatologist!!! bad dry skin    who knew??? on the upside i have found more tv shows to dvr  two and a half men and how i met your mother   funny! being sick for 3 weeks makes you appreciate feeling well  i am so ready to finish out my week well  hope you all are well!!! good night all "
somebody needs to clean up the pink slushy!!!!!! <propfirst> <propmale> jr <propfirst> nely <propfirst> polwort
i have nothing to do tomorrow except a massage  i am a happy camper!
i have actually done nothing today but sleep  now it is time for a massage  what was that quiz i took a month ago about the 7 deadly sins  i got sloth  that sounds about right  smile   now my son is home for fall break so that has really made my day 
everyone may know my hobby is quilting but what does everyone else do for a hobby or just to feed the soul? it can be as simple as listening to music   share
"\you can lead a horse to water but you might as well ride em  hell it's a horse \"" \",a76d9b8b7f80e5f5ba67b39e67b48c72,the halloween <propfemale> is in the house!!!!!!  a weight watchers nightmare  the current score is snack size snickers 5       joan 0   i am losing the battle  someone hide it!
pumpkin pecan pancakes for breakfast  pumpkin carving in the afternoon and a halloween party in the evening  looking forward to a great weekend  i love halloween!
is everybody ready to restore sanity today? but be very afraid while doing it!
"\nothing brings people together like ignoring each other to stare at their phones\""\",a76d9b8b7f80e5f5ba67b39e67b48c72,happy halloween!!!!!!
"kids say the funniest things    \hey lady i like your dog \thank you   he is an old dog \how old?\10 years old \kid says   you know dogs only live 15 years so he only has 5 more years to live \thanks a lot "
is sitting here thinking how great it is to end my day catching up with old friends and family spread all over the country  watching my little great nieces and nephews grow up  (trick or treating) i have 68 family members if you count my siblings and their families  facebook sure brings people together 
thinks there should be a law against having us do a pharmacy webnair at 7 smile 0 am  grrr
"in an interview today after he was done crying, <propfirst> boehner says the first thing he will do is try to repeal healthcare  so all the people who voted red in hopes of increasing jobs  good luck with that   now you not only won't have a job but now you won't have healthcare either  happy new year!!!!!"
good morning! a beautiful day out there  i'm gonna get some christmas presents sewn today  then tonight it's conan time!!!!!!!! let the silliness begin  laugh 
is sitting on her front porch swing soaking up this wonderful day with <propfemale> laying in the front yard 
he's on!!!!!!!!
is watching airplane   great movie     and don't call me <propfirst> 
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and they have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this if you want """
well just after midnight last night my dog zoey gave me my birthday gift  he caught me a opossum in the back yard  now wasn't that sweet of her  he usually only does that when we leave on vacation  <propfirst> gasser  or when we went to vegas he caught a turtle  <propfirst> polwort   i love my little zoey!!!
thanks everyone for thinking of me today  it really means so much to me 
out and about with my big sis <propfemale> today   burr too cold today 
had a jewelry party at my house tonight  i haven't had a home show in probably 19 years  i was really fun  getting out the antique punch bowl and serving dishes  having fun with friends and family 
"whew, christmas cards are done!!!!! early for the first time  smile "
is watching <propfirst> myer's cat in the hat movie    hilarious! i never get tired of the adult humor in this movie 
snl and a glass of wine      
late night sewing session is over  here comes the rain  i love sleeping when it rains 
my son is home from college  he has come home sick again  just like last year  time to use the pharmacy skills to get him better  plus since it is no shave november at college again  he is really hairy   so i guess this is not the best time for a christmas card pic 
"12 hour shift   check  2 pies in the oven   check, cranberry casserole chillin  my night is over  tiring but i love it!"
it's snowing!!!!  laugh 
went into a pier 1 imports store today twice      i thought i'd died and went to heaven   i did manage to buy coffee cup to feed my cute coffee cup addiction  a least it was on clearance  now i have to find a place to put it  smile 
the wizard of oz is on tv    =  smile 
awe rip <propfirst> nielson  you made me laugh!
today was just an awful day    someone told me to kiss there ass because i would not break a privacy law and it got worse from there  who talks to people like that?? i would never think of talking to any person like that  so sad   just want to climb under the covers  sorry    facebook is my happy place but not tonight! tonight it is a vent 
"tree is up   not decorated  bottom row one side is lit and the other side every other branch is lit  so i turned it around   tada   fixed that  i checked the lightbulbs, all good  i am calling the help line tomorrow  if they can't help looks like i'm just throwing up a extra strand of white lights and calling it a season  this tree is too big to take down "
well darn it    i found 1 bulb missing on my unlit portion of the tree  replaced it and still nothin  my perfectionist side is being tested  plus my hair is reeallly messy from being under that tree  smile 
is sitting in my favorite spot in front of my partially decorated tree in the dark just like when i was a kid  just have the ornaments to put on  ps    i have way to much christmas stuff and i do not want to part with any of it  time to call clean house 
day 3 of tree decorating  i found this big red mesh roll i bought 2 years ago  i am cutting it up and stuffing it in the tree  it looked rally good in the floral dept 2 years ago  we shall see
"i loved peppermint patty   she had red hair, freckles and called <propfirst> brown \chuck\""  plus she never really got that snoopy was a dog """
"the 3 stooges are on    eye poke, smack,slap      "
worked and got my nap in   time to finish the tree tonight! then to decorating the rest of the house tomorrow 
off to bed i go     night night facebookers!!!!!
is almost done with the house decorating  time for a starbucks and maybe a macys run to end this day off 
is watching a silly silly movie  <propfirst> dangerously
last sunday i finished the first book i have read in a long time that was not a quilting book  it was resilience by <propfemale> edwards  she was a strong woman who i admired very much  rest in peace 
i have the best mr fix it guy!!!!!  i came home tonight and pulled out my bottom 2 kitchen drawers and they did not fall on the floor for the first time in 6 years  it truly was the best part of my day   smile  it's the simple things 
i am organizing my xmas stuff and decluttering  thought i was done then i found another box of ornaments  i think i have moved from the show clean house to hoarders!  <propfemale> l  <propfirst>  i have more coming 
ps    conan is hilarious tonight!!!!!!
okay one more status i promise      does anyone know where there is a toys for tots toy drop off on the illinois side? i have not seen one yet and have a box to drop off 
it's 2 smile 0 in the morning  i fell asleep early because i was exhausted from mall shopping with <propfemale> and now i am awake  it was a good girls day out! is it wrong that i want my pecan coffee now!!!!!!  oh well   it will have to wait till i wake up again 
snow wonderful snow  not enough for me though but it will do!!!!!!!
massage this morning then it's off to lunch with my gal pals on the hill   should be a great day!
no matter how hard i try here i am midnight still awake  only 2 days left this week to work then i am on vacation for the holidays  goodnight everyone   lights out 
i went and fell on the ice tonight going to my moms  i had a jug of cat litter in one hand and a 12 pack of toilet paper in the other  i landed on my butt but the toilet paper broke my fall  having little pains here and there  we shall see how i feel in the morning 
ah   work is done  i am on vacation for 9 glorious days! off to the kitchen to get ready for the polwort side christmas tomorrow  there are cookies to be made!
i'm wrapping   and wrapping    i don't like this part of christmas  i start out good then i just break out the gift bags 
looks like we are in for a white christmas here in illinois 
okay it is realllllly cold out today     wtheck
conan just mentioned the collinsville ketchup bottle yeah!!!!!
for all you seinfeld fans    happy festivus!!!!!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> christmas to all my facebook friends and family! it's snowing like crazy here  just beautiful!
does anyone remember getting the wishbone from the turkey and making a wish on it and the person who gets the bigger piece their wish comes true  we used to do this as a kid  my daughter thinks i'm crazy  are we the only ones who did this?
it's pretty bad when your daughter has to help you figure out how to hook up a stereo   boy do i feel old!
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile  smile 
i know now why i don't watch football   i remembered  hmmmm    because i hate when they lose and make stupid moves  i am such a fair weather fan   go rams 
who else loves the geico commercial where the little piggy goes we we we all the way home! funny   or the geico wood <propmale> commercial 
day 1 of my pledge to walk every day   check  but next time bring a hat    brrr it's cold 
gotta love cortisone shots    i am super woman again!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along… 4 words is hard!!  smile "
<propfemale> hauptman hommert are you ready for quiltapalooza 2011 !!!!!!
okay    cheetos  puffy or crunchy?????
"on our way to the quilt retreat we stopped at the thimbleberries shop in hutchinson , mn  i got to meet <propfemale> jenson who is kind of like a rock <propfemale> in the quilting world  it probably means nothing to the average <propfirst> but it was kinda cool for me  i have made a couple of her quilt designs  she even signed my book   wink "
if i ever decide to sew 700    2 1 2 inch squares together to make a quilt someone slap me 
i also want to thank my hubby for doing all the leg work and buying me a new mazda cx7 while i have been gone also for sitting through  all my quilt talk before i left    wink 
retreat all done   now time for a mini quilt shop hop then to the airport  
they play polka music at the minneapolis airport 
just got home and drove my new car and realized that all i really care is that it has good cup holders and a kick ass stereo!!!!   smile 
i see boardwalk empire won 2 <propfemale> globes  does anyone else out there watch it?  i love it 
this snow is glistening like diamonds   beautiful!
thrice!!!!!
i have a snow day from my dental appt that is way better than a school snow day 
okay    i am at the dentist waiting while my daughter gets her checkup  she is having her teeth cleaned as i type  meanwhile i am getting texts from her?????  how can that be    kids!!!!!!
"did you hear about the priest that left the church for a woman  he is starring in his own tv show         \\wait for it    \ \ \ \ \it is called\leave it for beaver\thank you conan!!!!"
when i am feeling down  i find watching episodes of that 70's show really cheers me right up  i forgot how funny that show is 
it's 3 smile 0 am and i am up trolling the <propfemale> trek <propfemale> and voting on my favorite characters  does anyone remember <propmale> mudd from the original series or am i the only dork? lol
"pot of chili, cornbread and a fire in the fireplace tonight!"
i get to work all day  i hope i make it home tonight at 9pm  but i love the snow!
happy groundhog day!!!!!!
beer
hey   happy birthday brother <propfirst>!!!!!
beer alternating with rum some days
"(this is amusing   ) i would like all my face book friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right  just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status (if you dare) so i can do the same "
there is nothing more scary than finding a dead mouse in your clean laundry ah!!!!!i screamed like a little girl  gross!!!!!!
go pack go!
today was the longest day and it still is not over  a good day though  hoping everyone had as good a day as i did    smile 
"omg i am such a trekkie    we turned on the tv  <propfemale> trek next generation is on  i said \it 's ephram cochran   the inventor of warp drive\"" """
watching the grammy's     go mick jagger!!!!!
happy valentines everyone  hope your day is special!
is so incredibly tired!!!!  grrr     12 hours here i come   sad 
teenagers  ?#@%   i would rather deal with a crying newborn 
what a beautiful day!!!!!
watched social network last night  wow   if this stuff is true  he really stuck it to his best friend  all for money  makes me feel a little bad for using this site 
"it is was such a good weekend  weather is nice  i managed to finish a quilt i am making as a wedding gift and it turned out beautiful  i am also teaching <propfemale> to cook  roast, homemade <propmale> and cheese  we made cinnamon bread yesterday  she really enjoyed it "
talk about bad bed hair  i woke up this morning and looked in the mirror and with my glasses on i looked just like <propmale> from <propmale>'s world  party on <propmale>   party on facebookers! have a great day  i am off to work 
calgon    take me away!!!!
"while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change  check at least the first setting, otherwise fb defaults to the non-secure setting  press save \copy and repost "
omg    they just showed <propmale> firth and <propmale> jackman on the same screen within 2 seconds  i may just pass out   smile 
"spent the day putting my quilting room back together after getting a new sewing desk and matching cubbys  all organized and redecorated except for the massive amounts of fabric that i have to fold on boards  oh well as <propfemale>  o'hara says \tomorrow is another day\"" """
"i've decided to start a blog  but i need a catchy name  anyone have any suggestions? it will be mainly be about quilting but will also include any topical issues, funny thoughts and any ramblings i may have "
i saw 2 beautiful deer in our neighborhood tonight coming home from work  funny how you never used to see them in the city  i sort of feel sorry for them  it's like we have invaded their space 
at work tonight i noticed that the people who complain the most are the same ones getting their meds free  i wonder why that is  is our society full of entitlement????
"joke      \why can't yoda get married?\\wait for it       \\because when he goes to say his vows he says\\hmmmm do i  ?????\"""""
has anyone ever looked for their cell phone while they were on it  oh yes    i did that  i blame perimenopause!    smile 
what the heck!  i have daffodils now    it is not supposed to snow  it is pretty though  i had to trek outside and cover everything  just yesterday i worked in the garden 
"it's happening again  the birds are trying to nest in my wreath on my front porch  drives me crazy  i have 4 bird houses hanging up and they pick the wreath \it wouldn't bother me so much except when the babies hatch they poop in the nest and it makes the front porch smell like <propfemale> syrup  i had a saleswoman one time in the middle of her speech ask me if i was cooking pancakes  i said \no  it's just bird poop\"" lol"""
good morning facebookers  i stayed up last night watching the japan news  so sad  makes me feel helpless like i need to do something  maybe we can all say lots of prayers for them  hope their spirits stay strong 
has anyone had a bird fly in your house and how did you get it out? i know <propfemale> did  anyone else?
corn beef and cabbage is cooking  what a beautiful st paddy's day!
"my husband just said \i think i hear the baby crying\""  now that is something i never thought i'd hear for a long time  my daughter brought home one of those fake babies for her child development class  it can really cry  she has to take care of it like a real baby  she told me last night she was exhausted  it wakes her up at night """
beautiful day  it's nice to sit out on the deck and listen to the birds  spring is here!
"this is going to sound bad but if i hear another man at my pharmacy counter say \i don't know   my wife handles all that\"" i think i will scream  plus i had a woman say to me today \""i'm sorry i'm rude   i'm pregnant \"""""
the snow looks like cotton <propfemale> on the bushes outside 
i went to the dollar tree store today   spent $109  i think that may be a record 
well we are only 28 minutes into april fools day and i fooled the hubby already   they (meaning <propfemale> and <propmale>) said it couldn't be done  this ones for you dad!  he loved this day 
espn on snl never disappoints!!!!
