0c23c19349e5712ccb8c8768554796d8
"im so f*cking bored and i gotta go to some party, its gonna be dumb   "
gr   summer vaction is <propfemale> boring rite now  
why does it not feel like summer vacation??!!
found my old n64   i forgot how much fun it was!
went to six flags yesterday had a lotta fun
bored outta my f*cking mind god i wish i had somthing to do!
today was fun
cant belive school starts in less than a month  
fun day  
book purchase at 10 surprise 0!    im not ready to wake up early yet
wow i've got a crappy schedule  
ramadan mubarak!!!!!!!
scholarships are a bitch!
cant believe school's starting  
finally finished ap bio reading
just got the news! eid mubarak!!!!!
go bears mofo's!!!!
bored anyone wanna do anything??
well i'll be limping for awhile now that i pulled a hamstring    this sucks but then again i don't have to do anything in gym
bored gotta do homework my lifes so boring right now
should be doing h w  but am not    i love procrastination!
goddam school i dont wanna go 
finished some college apps
well guess i should start my bio packet   
got accepted to benedictine!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finished doing extra studying for bio now sleep 
wondering if i should do my h w  now or later   
gonna go finish the lab write up for bio but i have no idea what to do!!
i didnt do my hw!! dam u facebook!!
yes!! finally done with bio review  havent studied for that long ever!
oooooh myyyyyyyyyy gooooooooooooood!
"life is a race, if you dont run fast you'll be like a broken unda!!"
"yay! i got a \5\"" on my math final!"""
i love deep dish pizza!!!
i got my ass burned   not fun  sad 
dam you facebook! dam you   
thanks guys!!
that was one killer bio review  i'm so tired  going to sleep now
i accidently broke the bungee cord at the picnic    lol oops 
blackhawks win!!
it just hit me that i am out of high school and i may never see any of you guys again  now i'm depressed 
just finished watching avatar!
good luck on finals guys!
just became an official high school graduate!!
fun time!
why do i keep seeing bird parts all over my neighborhood?
word of the day: necrophiliac!
"it's raining \it's pouring \the old man is snoring!!"
sky go boom!!
got a 5 on my ap exam!!! thanks mr  neenan!
who the f*** is <propfemale>??!!!
just went to gbn and visited the guido lounge  memories         smile 
off to second day of orientation at benedictine   and thank god i finished my essay this morning 
haha finished my 2 essays that are due tommorow! finally i can go to sleep!
bears win!!!
studying for tommorow's bio test and math test is gonna be fun!
noooooooooooo i don't want the bear's to lose!!
"i now need a new phone    \\anyone have any old u s  cellular phone they wanna give or sell to me?"
"*guys walks into bathroom* <propfirst> jebamony: \go ahead pull it!\""\",0c23c19349e5712ccb8c8768554796d8,this paper has been destroying me all weekend  
bio exam can't wait  gotta thank mr mike neenan for all the stuff he taught in ap bio  this class has been way too easy 
done with my freaking finals!!!!! i'm so happy!
chrome web apps ftw!
there are mountains in front of my house  
the hell is wrong with the bulls tonight?!!
man i love college 
love the way you lie didn't win song of the year??!!!  kanye where the hell are you?!!
<propfirst> griffin should not have won the dunk contest tonight!
"one week of sweet, sweet laziness!"
how the f*ck do you pronounce queue??!!
<propfemale> fucking wins!!
