eb5777b463c58ffec6fe6a55f1cdb72f
let's make this first day count 
my goal is to clothe the world and cover everyone's walls 
"welp, i enjoyed the last night of the year!  good to be with close friends  laugh   now this year has got to exceed all the others in greatness!"
i shall soon be gone until the 7th!  forward ho!
rivers always reach the sea
wondering what's a good free online game?
bean soup!
god  you have no idea how bored i am 
we need roomate 
aaaaarrghhh
alright   roomate situation sealed 
i hate cold medicine   and i have a cold 
i can't keep track of my 600 fake emails
anxiety is the recognition that the events with which one is confronted lie outside the range of convenience of one's construct system     (a construct is the meaning dimensions one imposes upon the world in order to make the world interpretable )
"i cannot run from my family, they're hiding inside of me "
what's this!
the falling leaf that never tries to hold on to what keeps it alive
did i leave the oven on?     no   no i'm a fucking squirrel!
damn   why are people so much better than me?
i want raspberry hair!
god why does <propfemale> love dazed so much?   
finally picked our colors for zee walls  smile 
slowly     debasing
first time i sat down and watched a superbowl    i was amused 
sometimes all of our thoughts are misleading
does anyone know how to make a header different on each <propfemale> with open office?
white chocolate and apricot bread?  the world really does know how to smile 
"i am not an 18 year old girl, i am not an 18 year old girl "
<propfemale> would be terrible at disassembling a bomb
our <propfemale> was stuck in our couch today  smile 
i can't think of two alike things to compare 
foregin lullabys and too many dreams of murder
a cow is to grass as i am to spaghetti
i saw the smoke from the acc pinnacle library from that plane
does anybody have any stories of their dogs using tactical deception?  i'm writing a paper on it    plleeease
swallowing one bulb after another in the city of electric lights!
yay snow! boo snowballs inside the apartment
"well   all is set except for the 3404,0000000 dollars to pay "
judging the science fair was cute  smile 
speech <propmale> history
i just brushed my teeth for 2 hours
i need something to make with this rainbow yarn  smile 
"i wretch, i shake, i cry until i shake, i push, i strain, i wrestle with my brain, it burns, it hurts, i tumble to the earth and as i fall i feel myself relax "
mmmmmweak stomach 
the people screaming just like they should
well  i won't be watching the <propfirst>'s again  
god why is there a broken mouse next to my laptop?
"in a perfect world, i would decorate all my moving boxes from head to toe "
blame (<propfemale> who will be in) canada!
so getting food poisining and puking the entire vacation was    not fun   but at least i got to parler français a bit eh?
everybody loves clleeeaning
i'm just    really glad that my brain can handle all of this 
my car will be free to be original again!
i am ashamed
step 1: find job  step 2: endure pain 
gods away on business 
project reorganize itunes   itunes that has music from middle school-great   i reaaally hope i figure out how to delete songs 
yay for adult swim block party  smile    and yay for easy <propfemale> all <propfemale>s soon  laugh 
"what a good wife you would be! but my life, my love and my lady is the sea"
does anyone know how to transfer songs from one computer to the next?  my other thing isn't working out 
"we're on a ride to nowhere, come on inside"
"yikes!  roots, rock, reggae  smile "
"i think i'm going to be sad, i think it's today yeah "
long weekend 
money can lick my shoe ugh
life is like a roll of toilet paper
i love my <propfemale>'s face up close  smile 
oh god i have a problem   four summer classes 
aaaackkk  love
they really need to make yearbooks for raves 
i think it would be a important thing for me to get better at giving advice 
back to my true color!
how does one write a story about something to be video recorded?  this is going to be harder than i thought   
mmm the best tofu comes from my kitchen  laugh 
is it strange to understand the fear that dwells inside a man?
now is not the best time to get sick 
suggestions anyone for a good mystery novel?
damn induction ceremonies    i still have so much more studying to dig through
rat palace on it's way!  laugh 
summer to-do list is huge 
what a lovely afternoon    too bad no one wants to go swimming  sad 
please allow me   
last final coming up hot!
"god  <propfirst> rockwell, please dance into my room with the intention of hurting me "
so damn tired of sanding wood   
thirsty   
earth was most fertile where the most death was 
i need some help scanning large pictures for the internet    either that or someone with a steady hand for taking pictures  sad   i'm incapable 
god i had a dream that my friends were roasting rats on a fire to eat   no idea what else was going on  
damnit!  my story has already been written before   i give up 
so to all of you whom i've drawn a picture for    would it be okay if i took a picture of said item for my new portfolio?  i give away like half of the stuff i draw so it's hard to start a portfolio with like 10 drawings    pleease
that wavy gravy got my head in a whirl
reverend horton heat  laugh 
playing inklink  laugh 
i am tired
<propfemale> loves to sit on my drawings 
dragons coming up hot!
my life is one ball of bad luck right now 
"i'm going to drown in the troubled waters, its coming round my soul, it's way beyond control  i must be one of the devil's daughters "
i need music!  and are they in need of volunteers to clean up this oil spill or what?
fucking lost 
so i realized that i've had these chinese ink sticks- you just grind the blocks on an ink stone and it makes paint    smile 
"damn you, history textbooks   damn you "
and i guess i'm not sure if it's fear that was born as those awful eyes laid their claim on us 
abracadabra      wait 
"ok, so who is down for board game night this tuesday at our apartment?"
"and oh my little darling, you won't be mine forever, you weren't made for me, you were made to be free"
"wow, so apparently everyone in the cramps is dead   that is very depressing "
i think i might of gotten struck by lightening last night- i'm not sure who is walking around today 
"only in quiet waters do thing \mirror themselves undistorted   only in a quiet mind is adequate \perception of the world --hans margolius"
"the sacrifices are great, but the rewards are greater "
"oh yeah, mother fucking pixies september 22 here in <propfirst>!"
"whoooo wants to go to gbh, lcb, and krum bums toniightt?"
"look, mummy, no hands"
in the garage  
don't forget your pixies tickets today at 10  smile 
i have a huge bundle of hw to do    don't tempt me to <propfemale> out with you 
come back from the grave and clean up your mess
that was bullshit 
"i'm trying to nurse my troubles away   last night i had a dream that my rat, pink was holding up a sign to kill him and put him out of his misery   so i put my ear against his chest and listened to his concerned heart    he seemed to be purring out his difficulties   so i asked him how he wanted me to kill him    and i backed away from his chest to look into his eyes and he just   coldly stared back "
wow   i feel dumber after watching television   and i want cupcakes now
try to fill the voids with knowledge
someone is failing  i <propfemale> the world's weight in my heart 
"you can say what you want but don't act like you care, it takes more than one person to know exactly what's fair   now let it all drop"
does anyone know anything about getting into an <propmale> gallery?
"dance me to your beauty with a burning violin, dance me through the panic till i'm gathered safely in, dance me to the end of love "
try to set the night on fire
i hate the internet as of right now   it's a source of so many of my problems 
i'm sorry kruger  sad    i wish him luck 
"well, as of right now kruger's made it out of surgery    but he's still recovering   and i'm still shaky "
"sinking slowly, ring by ring"
hell yes <propmale> glass torrent!
"i was her love, she was my <propfemale>, and now a thousand years between"
7 am!?
finally some food stays down!
the only good thing about this cursed cereal is the milk  bleh
"oh baby, i was bound for mexico, oh baby, i was bound to let you go"
so hungry   for good food  
wonder how tomorrow could ever follow today
"just don't know if i could roll into the sea again, just don't know if i could do it all again"
i would not eat them with a fox 
mmm leftover <propmale> & cheese for breakfast    i'm living the elegant life 
break time!
madam mam's is calling me 
i wish some of these flies would get stuck in my painting 
i think that maybe everyone has given up on me   
"things i have loved i'm allowed to keep, i'll never know if i go to sleep"
"groovy wiggly tails, horns on their head, all women are bad"
i never noticed how many famous actors are in <propfirst> darko before 
yay for the end of this semester!  boo for the start of a new one tomorrow 
i'm bored facebook!
the pixies are adding a second show in <propfirst> for anyone who might have missed the sale    it's september 21   
spoooooky crisps
predators  smile   in an hour 
man who mistook his wife for a hat opera tomorrow  laugh 
that hp marathon?  sort of happened hehe  laugh 
"investigate, interrogate, the inner self and plea \imagine that, determination, with self control is free  \this rhyme embeds within context the words to help you see  \you need to know the answers to   \you need to see the suspects who\will help you to sort out confusions tomb, or buried you will be \\-anonymous"
i miss the little animals running around and being cute  smile 
"i solved the mystery!  now i'm on par clue, sherlock holmes, andd scooby doo   "
dissapointed my dreams aren't a reality 
bored in the world
i know what i want to be for halloween   i think 
inception was grande 
uuuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhhh
i did not do good for that race 
damn pup is noisy!
all the proud men turn to dust
i cannot for the life of me figure out itunes or my ipod 
"moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else   so, a man seeking knowledge must be first tested to determine if he is worthy "
"so if anyone is down to come with us to the hot tub tonight, it's working again  smile "
"the difference between love and logic is that in the eyes of a lover, a toad can be a <propmale>, whereas in the analysis of a logistician, the lover would have to prove that the toad was a <propmale>, an enterprise destined to dull the shine of many a passion "
"she looks like the real thing, she tastes like the real thing"
waiting for an approval on a house is quite unpleasant 
yay we got approved for the hoousse  laugh 
i burned my last bagel in the oven   time to write an essay 
"those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand (<propmale> vonnegut)"
wet <propfirst> 
"you can put the details in a letter, the more embarrassing, the better   right now i can be happy if i choose to, i know that in the morning i will lose you "
it sounds like the zoo outside my window
hankers after the world 
i watched the fire that grew so low
i will never drink again 
this has never happened before   it's suspicious   it's peculiar   it's scary 
shit   i'm retarded 
i want to slow down 
"he did not move   eyes shut, he waited, shivering   he heard <propfirst> breathe loud in the room; he heard <propfirst> shift his rifle, click the safety catch, and raise the weapon   there was a sound of thunder "
what we don't understand we can make mean anything 
why is it so hard to write a script that isn't cheesy?
"it's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness \\we have no scar to show for happiness  we learn so little from peace "
"i'd like to stop being sick now, body "
moving with three people was bad   but we did it in 2 hours  laugh 
"movie extra, all the way  laugh "
ferrriday za thurdteenth   
okay   beach time
"and   sometimes death is inevitable, yet still sad "
feels alone
does the body rule the mind or does the mind rule the body?
"wants to see new faces, and meet new people   and, yay for 4 day weekends!"
"now that i'm done with yoga, i have nothing to do "
to read or to <propfemale> out with friends?
"and pain opinions are sitcom feeding, they don't know that their minds are teething, makes me want to give mankind a beating "
i'm not going to live my life on one side of an ampersand 
i am excited for the pixies in 22 days 
today feels wonderful   i already want to start carving pumpkins
machete!!!
"i miss pink, confused, and brain  sad  "
hey! you can't snort the lord!
"sometimes i just wanna copy some else's status,word for word, and see if they notice "
"someone has been performing the rain dance entirely all too much  but, whoever it is, i thank them for a spooky day at school "
"ok ok holy shit holy shit, the dresden dolls are doing a reunion tour on nov 21 here, which is literally a day after i'm seeing the wall in <propfirst>   holy shit, holy shotttt"
i can't believe i don't know anyone who likes the dresden dolls   they're my favorite band 
my dreams fix all my problems
there's no way i'm not going to study abroad   very exciting!
end is the only part of the word that i heard
just got trolled 
"since all matter is condensed light, light is the source, the cause of life    therefore, light is divine   the flowers have a direct line to god that an evangelist would kill for   -jitterbug perfume"
hopefully i can get a job   it might take a satanic miracle though 
too much homework!
i am going   to be tired tomorrow 
everything's a mystery
why the hell is fb advertising breast feeding to me?!  are they calling me a baby?
quick!  good anime (short series or film) anyone?
"alright, different question   which anime character should i be for halloween?"
uuuguggghghghhghhhhhh
i closed my eyes for a second and it was 10 smile 0am 
it's hard to remember we're alive for the first time   it's hard to remember we're alive for the last time 
pixies!
the pixies were surreal 
the never ending search for a job  sad 
i can't settle for texas state 
i keep having dreams of old friends
a gooooood night indeed
waaarrrm peanut butter
"does anyone know a local celebrity, e playful ert, or layperson i could interview (10 <propfemale>) for my speech assignment?"
"wow, i didn't do a thing today "
i <propfemale> some ice cream
why must i fail?
tarantino soundtrack discography  laugh 
i am ready for my blanket of dirt
how many <propmale> projects can you see?
bored in the world
television rules the nation
"satan had his companions, fellow-devils, to admire and encourage him; but i am solitary and detested "
i don't think telling any woman to forcibly insert an object into her anus is something that should go unpunished 
"51 degrees?  feels good <propfirst>, feels good "
so i am downloading the lord of the rings online   yup 
evil dead trilogy on the 17th!  i want you to come with me 
"so death is not a joyride is playing tonight for free    but it's downtown, so i don't know haha"
"if you know anything about old gothic rock, i'd like to have a conversation with you "
lonely
goal: have enough of a selection to create a booth by next first thursday  obstacles: lotro and honors society 
so there were cigarette butts all around the hot tub and the screen door broke 
the prisoner who now stands before you was caught red handed showing feelings of an almost human nature
so many stray cats running around our neighborhood
i hate driving on slaughter   it has some of the worst drivers 
rats are the hardest little creatures to take care of   everything that could go wrong does  sad 
does anyone know a joke about dreams?   
"if you could decide to be a wizard, you probably would "
feels like i just fought a battle 
feels being sick coming on 
no sleep?  i don't feel good!
i want to watch sin city?
who wants to come watch 3 gothic movies with me and my lit class on thursday?  it's at 6 at rgc
my cat would not shut up last night   i had to turn on the lights and pet her for like 30  minutes before she settled down and slept   gee!
trying to figure out when it all went downhill
why must no money and no job go together?
well 
the answer my friend is blowin in the wind
what a spoooky night
aw  sad  <propmale> had an owner   how sad
rawr!  no time to study must play lotro!
communism was just a red herring
oh south park   that was all too much 
to dye or not to dye?
ugh fff!
"hey here's an idea   if you want to make a short story into a film, make a short film!  and don't add in a bunch of plot that devalues the story "
everyone best be signing up for classes!
to be naughty or not to be   
gwar simply kicked my ass 
"so, i'm so behind in schoolwork, it's ridiculous   sorry if i don't <propfemale> out with you  sad "
finally finished that damn quilt!  time to write  sad 
my body still thinks it's 9 o'clock 
surely he'll get the hint 
god why does my brain shut off when it's my turn to give a presentation
feed the grasses rain!
gunna make some blackberry cobbler!  surprise 
"and happiness is what you need so bad, well girl the answer lies with you"
what shall i persuade my speech class to consider!
is there anyone that can get me a job? i don't care how demeaning it is   i just  need  a  job 
arrrgh
i just got raped in lotro   life is not good
it is time for a change of pace 
what do you think about standardized testing? (this will help me on my speech)
i at length drank in the hideous import of his words 
"so if anyone's up for a polar bear swim, my pools open till 10 pm, and there's never anyone in it  smile "
damn this paper to hell!
"and as always, life is full of surprises   gothic band playing at rgc for our honor's class at 3 if anyone's curious, or bored "
the wall!  and then the dresden dolls!  oh yes 
"fuck yeah, the wall was so amazing   thank you <propmale> waters, thank you "
so someone stole my credit card   and tried to take 500 dollars out 
if everyday were a dresden dolls concert   
"\i put all of my starting attributes into butt warmth \""  -<propfirst> medlock"""
"here i am, i'm not really there "
rebel against black friday!  smile 
"my dream involved me getting a lot of dragon tattoos, then sleeping with the joker "
"and last night i was being chased by a man who led an army that shot up a school   he was playing some kind of game with me, i had to figure out the puzzle to continue to live onto the next puzzle (sound like die hard?)"
when mountains crumble to the sea there would still be you and me
do not compare yourself to others 
i fucked your girlfriend last night while you snored and drooled
"you fucking asshole, <propfemale> "
i am so thankful that i've met reasonable people 
damn   steampunk stuff is awesome! it's too perfect 
"so, is there a reason for these cartoons?  or are you guys just following without thought???"
algebra blows 
friends?
my god i do have candles   6 of them   6 rainbow candles which are meant to represent the different chakras   i am such a girl 
"now the war is over, mussolini's dead, he wants to go to heaven with a crown upon his head, the lord says no, he's got to stay below, all dressed up and no where to go "
i have the weirdest headache 
yay recommendation letters!
"so people, 19th we have a potluck at my house? yes? starting like 8 or so?"
"man, i hate myself for this, this final is going to bomb  sad "
 sad 
"trying to find someone you'll never know\oh, sinking love\on the cloud of unknowing \every satellite up here is watching\waiting to see what the morning brings"
i am so tired 
"it's all a waste of time again\she used to mow the lawn"
"so, i got a d in college algebra "
i give up  on everything 
"so, that whole keep your profile picture a cartoon for a month thing didn't last long "
it's so hard to not care 
it's like pulling out teeth 
never trust someone who can spit blood into a cup for days 
you better be making your dishes!
"so, if all goes well, i just got a job!  smile "
hopefully this year i'll have a nightmare before christmas 
 smile 
"my new year's resolution: to cut back on sugar and sodas, to only eat at restaurants once a month, to buy healthier foods, to take the bus to school, to go to yoga twice a week, to make all as, to be completely selfless, to volunteer more, to find love, and to tap into my self and figure out what i really want from life and my future "
my question <propfirst> key is sticking    what does this mean??
just    breathe deeply 
feels a little heartbroken
it's a day for the blues   smile 
i should have known    that which used to bring me joy now brings me paralyzing fear   
"hello darkness, my old friend\i've come to talk with you again"
if only i could become a lesbian 
workin!
workin on new years <propfemale>     annoyed 
i wish that certain people would stop being such assholes for no particular reason 
"ready for the money, not ready for the rush   ready to leave, not ready to go "
we would be warm below the storm in our little hideaway beneath the waves
and in the end it means i've bla bla bla bla bla bla bla 
"singles rule the world, feeding on fresh blood"
i'm ready to start school   
"well, that was thoroughly frustrating   i just spent 10 hours at texas state to sign up for 2 classes that i could have taken at acc "
"when in doubt, anime "
i will make tira's costume   if it's the last thing i do 
"2 eight-o-clock classes this semester? christ, <propfemale> "
"so, i'll just wear a potatoe sack, not <propfemale> out with anyone, and not talk to anyone i see   i think that'll solve some issues "
i got curlies in me hair!
aaarrrg!  does anyone know of a popular blogging website?
i miss    a lot of things 
big class= no fun 
my cat is always    observing   she watches the wind intently  maybe she's figured out all of life's mysteries 
rejected 
i am so stupid 
there is nothing like playing bohemian rhapsody loud in traffic   singing along is an added bonus 
"life is long, but these days seem longer "
"flesh uncovered, after all "
curious who all is planning to go to spring love??
jesus 
"<propfemale> café, s'il vous plait    sans acide "
dye goo in my hair   ready for yet another new beginning   
"a nice day at the zoo, wouldn't you know?"
something feels incredibly wrong   terribly wrong 
this day is what i needed   calm and cool weather
"well i just want to officially say goodbye to kruger i got him around halloween, he was a shy fellow at first but really warmed up to my petting, then he had a <propmale> problem with his foot that cost me a great deal of savings  we really connected during that time, but it probably took too much out of him and eventually died last monday  i'll miss his cow spots on his belly and his passive personality ill miss ya krugy"
part of our fence fell down!  this is like a soft-core tornado 
"yay, school's canceled    but work is not "
"also, squishable cthulhu?  my, my fb ads "
how did a difference become a disease?
that was a sloooow drive home!
some parts of my past are just too good to have been true   
what is worse than being an idiot is being a blind idiot   and then finally learning the truth 
"so heads up couples, if you want a nice 5 course meal on valentines day, you should come to the diner i work at   reservations are necessary, so you can just ask me about it if anyone is interested     it's really great food and their <propfirst>'s menu is special just for that night so it should be even better!"
"alright, all i'm saying is god damn it "
what will you write in the snow?
"damnit school, just tell me whether or not the 10 o'clock class is cancelled so i don't drive all the way up there for no reason at all   i would much rather prefer to stay at home and watch movies drinking hot chocolate "
hookah is up and running if anyone's interested  smile 
"and for a moment, why, i even touched the sky   "
ouch 
"must    never complain, must allow the colors inside me to show when there are lack of colors on my head, must keep smiling at the terrible little things, must reach into the boiling pot of life even if i burn my hand in doing so, must soak into lovely memories and understand that there will be more, in my darkest hour "
"when you're in lurrrve, you tip more "
"i almost want to delete this piece of shit   making friendships all impersonal, tracking popularity, and offending people without intent "
bought me spring love ticket  laugh 
then i realize the one man i'd love to date does not know that i exist   it's like gradeschool all over again 
"just finished hp 6  sooo much better than 5, let me tell you "
the theory of forms: most interesting lecture in college to date 
"you're so vain, you probably think this post is about you"
this must be some kind of a joke   <propfemale> is laughing like mad behind the wheel 
arg no   i'm putting my foot down   no more favors for this guy 
"they use gelatin in non-digital film  ugh, why is this world filled with animal products?"
so   i really need to go to the grocery store today   yarg 
one thing i can tell you is you've got to be free!
"in just the same way, i fall back of my own accord into my old opinions, and dread being awakened, lest the toilsome wakefulness which follows upon a peaceful rest must be spent thenceforward not in the light but among the inextricable shadows of the difficulties now brought forward  (decartes)"
"i am thoroughly confused   if i had it my way, i would forever stay in a bubble of logic-of reason, sans emotion "
i want to read all of my books in one night 
"last night meant nothing to me, but i'm going to marry today and not consider tomorrow morning's feelings "
"perfection is frozen, like a ripe fruit that never falls "
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\<propmale> turek\<propfirst> robert\<propfirst> nunez\<propfirst> groom\<propfemale> <propfemale> bryan\i feel completely confident in my team   we've got a little of everything   we could make this work "
my god   i am bored 
probably won't
sometimes i doubt your commitment to <propfemale> motion!
i do not want to think about starting to wake at 630 here again soon 
is it weird that i feel like just driving around and listening to music?
"i might be just like all the others, but i now want to join a ren faire   and sell magic to the people!"
"hey guess what all i did for sxsw?  saw <propfirst>'s premiere, and that's all i needed to see   laugh "
wow   i should not drink coffee ever again 
"this thing, it's making me really happy "
"this other thing, it's making me really concerned "
"retinas are bleeding for the enterprise \surgically wired into paradise"
"yes, <propfirst> cera and <propfirst> eisenberg are two different people, but only kind of "
mmmmm homemade homemades!
"all i'm saying is, rugrats is on netflix "
my room is so pretty and green  laugh 
yay new laptop!
i feel like poop 
\in a dark time, the eye begins to see\eb5777b463c58ffec6fe6a55f1cdb72f,"so tired, good tired "
"if i were the <propfemale>, i'd be cool "
i've successfully succeeded in success 
read read read work work work test test test talk talk talk read read read watch watch watch listen listen listen work work work
who wants to live with a friend like <propfemale>?
"wish i wrote this essay earlier  sad \wish i studied for these tests earlier  sad \wish my car wouldn't break\wish my sculpture wasn't due\wish my piercings wouldn't fall outt\wish i didn't have to complain on fb"
wishes to escape irrational thought 
"place your body here\let your skin begin to blend itself with mine"
rasta colored pasta brewin
will living by myself be terrible?
"her hand grows thick and fevered, heavy in my own, and i don't want her, but i want her, and i cannot let go "
i lose myself in book 
"too many potatoes in belly!  also, i wonder if <propfirst> bowie will have a sparkly coffin   "
"been listening to indian classical radio station on pandora, mmmmn"
"day 1 of fasting went alright, how about day 2? hmm    *thinks about veggie stir fry*"
read your life as you write it   self reflection and creation  smile 
"wow    just watched a cat get run over, he flew across the road like garbage into my <propfirst>, looking petrified, and dead  sad "
is having trouble juggling life 
"ready for the night!  c'mon, <propfemale>, you bastard "
"datsik, you win  laugh "
"my mind's distracted and diffused \my thoughts are many <propmale> away\they lie with you when you're asleep\and kiss you when you start the day"
"man, i always hope for for some amazing intimate message when i see a 1 up there, but it's always like techno party metal beat at 7am "
that cloud just brainwashed us all 
"adj;flksjdfoweihfslkdjhfsd,fmxhdfiweufwlkdhfj ksjfhdjwlkejhsukeuwkalskjhfjsdk  skdj skdjw skdj uhkjlak ewkjcm euiwioqoq eyu clock time ssssssometimes "
"the semester is almost done\the summer is within reach\i have things to sort through \and things to create\i need a new mad scientist lab\and a rain from the gods to pass algebra"
but are you really free?
"yes everyone, flock back to your home, <propfirst> tx!!"
"but when i awoke dear, i was mistaken\so i <propmale> my head and i cried"
"why all these conflicting specifications\may be to prevent over-population\all i know is that all around the nation\the girls are crying and the boys are masterbating"
i will suck everything back into my heart so that you can breathe without constriction
one more final essay to go  then we race!
