5102cdc52bb3d9576202fc0da6b07974
and now i must bid you aideu  goodnight and good luck
finally in philipsburg  so quiet 
"current temp: -15 and falling\today's high: -6"
has found her new favorite song  love you to death by kamelot 
i sang to a banana under your bed because the voices told me to!
just cut my hair about 6 inches shorter  it feels so weird!
jsu spilled mint tea everywhere while trying to do my math  grrrrrr!!!!
"yesterday we went and saw avatar  personally i loved it even though people say it is \dances with wolves with smurfs\"""""
well  this weekend i went camping at georgetown lake  went swimming and skiing and made our own meals  needless to say it was cold  1st night it got down to 16 below  2nd night it was 23 below!!! we got over 100 frost points which is good   i guess 
i love the sun  do do do do 
it snowed today! then it melted 
"i am going crazy  i have biology, math, english and latin due tomorrow!!! > indecision "
being sick sucks!
everyone should become a fan of the poverello center  we should try and win the competition and beat the other high schools 
glad to be in p-burg  yesterday my sister and i went e playful loring and ended up flinging mud in a mud bog  <propmale> was here but had to go to work today but will be back tonight  hopefully we will get to  dye easter eggs today! happy easter everyone!
i camped out last night in the yard and woke up to 2 inches of snow 
just got in from our night time easter egg hunt  we had flashlights that were on flash and we had to search for eggs that way  unfortunately we were stumbling around like drunks  we also shot <propmale>'s golf ball cannon  i'll try to upload the video but i'm not sure how  happy easter everyone 
does anyone have the english questions? i lost my book!
well hopefully this afternoon we will head out to bass creek campground  it is awespme up there but first i have to get my homework done  sad 
got up at four to leave at 5 smile 0 for golf  we  managed to ge to bridger creek at 8:55  we teed off at 9  i am very tired 
can anyone send me the news and history notes?!?!?!
my family is hosting a <propmale> shoals singing thingy  what they sing are sea shanties  if anyone wants to come it is at 4 smile 0 todayat our house 
"if i ever made you laugh or smile, click \like\"" and then set this as your status and see how many you get """
i got varsity in golf  yay!
can someone please send me the requirements for english?!?!?!?!?!?!?! i'm startin to freak out 
currently i am traveling back from a gun competion near forsyth  i am under a storm that has produced two funnel clods  one was in billings 
well right now i am at nc  this weekend is the flour riot 
well i got new glasses yesterday and they came with a bright red case 
today i am finally heading to p-burg!!!!! i plan to fish everyday 
is back from p-burg and not looking forward to wednesday 
just got back from camping at <propfemale> island  we had lots of fun  unfortunately the bears had gotten into some trash from people having parties so we had to go around and pick  it up  
yay! tomorrow is my birthday party even though my actual birthday is on tuesday  we're going to she the movie with the owls then go to the maze sorta near big sky 
does anyone know a good movie to bring to latin? if you have it bring it to class 
"put this as yourstatus if you know, or are related to someone killed on gallifrey when it was destroyed during the time war  i wish for people to understand that the daleks are a psychotic bunch of xenophobes and that the timelords want only to bring order to casterborous  93%          wont   copy paste this  will you!? make this your status for at least onehour, preferably progressing forwards through time "
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by\looking at your wall quickly  2  the color you remind me of  3  my\first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  something i've\always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this!"
can anyone send me a list of honors frankenstein vocab 1  i really need it!!!
"also, does anyone have a pirate hat?"
well i got 3rd and speech last night  one of our e playful os rounds started an hour late!! had lots of fun though 
i have decided to buy the nook 
i have decided to get a nook  any who are opposed to this speak now or forever hold your peace 
did not do it    you can't prove it    there were no witnesses   the sheep were lying    i refuse to acknowledge that the goats were involved at all   
i am so excited about winning yesterday!
is excited to go do nothing for two days at science olypiad
does anyone have hte english assignments for the past 2 classes?
do we have a math assignment due? if we do please let me know what it is!
not looking forward to a 4:45 am departure tommorrow 
is atching the total eclipse of the <propfemale>  this is the first time in centuries that it is a full <propfemale> and on the winter solstice 
holy cow  we got 5-6 inches of snow in one day 
so we're plaaying apples to apples  i pulled up spiritual  to of my options are wheat or ghosts  so basically i have a choice between the holy host or the holy ghost  hmmm?
can anyone tell me what our homework was from friday?
does anyone know the assignments from thursday and friday?
"well i just watched \o\"" and that is one messed up movie  i can't believe mrs  <propmale> told us to watch it """
i get to sell 50-50 tickets at the maulers game tonight for my 4h club 
the 4h ambassadors are putting on a winter carnival at two today  anyone can come 
"aoccdrnig to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it deosn't mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteres are at the rghit pclae  the rset can be a tatol mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm  tihs is bcuseae we do not raed ervey lteter by it slef but the wrod as a wlohe  amzanig"
well i went bowling tonight and broke 100  i also won  considering i have never broke like 50 i'd say it was a pretty good night 
corned beef and cabbage for dinner  yum 
