0ff0e8329bf6135e098a84d2185e8209
watching the family man and eating pizza in my snuggie   the new year is off to a good start!
"sending out prayers for all the candler people going to <propfemale> today, especially <propfirst> lambert hutchison   don't get appendicitis!!"
"is about to go on a baking spree with <propfemale> murtha  brownies, cookies, cinnamon rolls   let me know if you want to sample the fruits of our labor!"
"i had a dream that i was going horseback riding with some friends   when we got all saddled up i realized that while everyone else got a horse, i got a cow instead   what does this mean?"
"the concert last night was amazing - <propfemale> lambert, montgomery gentry, sugarland and <propmale> chesney!  a great way to spend my last saturday night before heading off to the monastery tomorrow "
i need to pick a restaurant in des moines for dinner tonight   any suggestions?
"ok so i'm breaking my \no facebook\"" rule but <propfemale> got engaged and i am so flipping happy for her and <propmale>!!!"""
"is enjoying life to the fullest right now   i am ridiculously, deliriously happy!"
is back from the monastic life!  living it up in iowa until wednesday  smile 
admission to the iowa state fair: $7   corn dog and ice cream: $10  tickets to the big and <propmale> concert: $35   an amazing day spent with my family in my wonderful home state: priceless 
is in love!!! (with my new computer) 
is officially back in the atl!!
i want to be a harlem globetrotter and get paid in <propfemale> 
i'm going out with my boots on!
"i look before i leap, i love margins and discipline, i make lists in my sleep baby    what's my sin?"
this time tomorrow i will be taking the gre   wish me luck!
just watched jenn's video and i miss all of my monastery girls!!
is officially an oblate for the class of 2011 at hwm!!
"feels honored to have been the subject of the first official intervention, himym style "
is celebrating the last night of summer by watching <propmale> and company with the roommates!
is back at it 
"is watching college football   yeah, you read that right   and i'm at home alone, no one is making me do this    smile "
has been called for jury duty for the second time in two years 
is watching the mizzou game and writing a sermon 
is preaching this morning!
is wild at heart!
the existence of a very potter musical has made my life complete 
"has to write a two <propfemale> paper on how she feels about aging   yeah man, that 23rd birthday coming up is really making me feel old  smile "
my parents just informed me that i share a birthday with guiness beer   good to know i guess!
is finally uploading pictures from my amazing summer!
just took two and a half hours of dance class and is gearing up for an hour and a half more   then its off to noche for <propfemale>'s birthday!
is annoyed that the satellite tv has cut out because of the rain and is hoping the problem resolves itself before glee starts at 9!!
is it monsoon season in atlanta?
is playing beatles rockband at <propfirst>'s!!
has ambitious plans to be productive today 
needs to find her rain boots 
gleeeeeeeee!!!!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!  we are going out tonight to celebrate, please join!!"
now has balanced chakras 
the greek festival is this weekend   who wants to go with me?
"is going to play trivia at neighbor's and pozole   and yes, i'm taking my knitting with me   mock me if you wish  smile "
new e playful lanation for the trinity: <propfemale> pie 
what one word in the english has a homonym that is its antonym?
birthday photos are up! tag yourselves!
i may or may not have a new song obsession   
ok i've looked at next semester's schedule and i want to take 19 hours   is that so crazy?  smile 
going to the braves game!
midterms hit me out of nowhere    and the psych gre is on saturday at 8 am   let's hope i survive this week!
i need to figure out a halloween costume   any suggestions?
how can an ant <propfemale> twenty times its body weight and root beer floats are still delicious?
"my afternoon class was cancelled, woot!"
this diet coke is curing a number of ills 
dr  long decided to drop in on my preaching class    and i'm preaching today!! ahhh!!!
studying for the psych gre that's at 8 surprise 0 tomorrow morning   wish me luck!
is jealous of the snow in iowa!!
is sooo happy about the banging coming from the basement at 8 am   best alarm clock ever   going to the library  now 
in order to procrastinate on all the studying i have to do i made a ridiculously delicious carrot cake   now i need someone to help me eat it   any takers?
"is looking forward to tonight: making a delicious pasta dish and garlic cheese bread, having a glass of wine, and watching tv   yay for relaxation after midterms "
went the ballet today and it was beautiful!  now in for a night of studying 
has a halloween costume!
"at a time like this, i can't help but ask   what would <propfirst> buffet do?"
ordered a pizza   just because i felt like it 
"canada, my canada, you are a lifetime of wonder on this planet earth "
is making banana bread!
that banana bread needs to get eaten   whoever comments first from one of my classes tomorrow will claim it for that class!
i got requests from all over the midwest but no one from candler wants to have banana bread tomorrow   
i got a feeling    that tonight's gonna be a good night!
"i get a thousand hugs, from ten thousand lightning bugs   "
wants to carve a pumpkin    who's with me?
homemade pound cake and a reading of oh the places you'll go by dr  suess   class doesn't get any better than this!
second class of the day with pound cake     smile 
loving my hawkeyes right now!!
jesus is a hawkeye fan   i just saw him in the stands!
completely happy and content with life right now!  made some awesome french onion soup and looking forward to the weekend  smile 
"dear candler,  why is it 85 degrees in every classroom today?  please turn the heat off   love, <propfemale>"
i don't want to write my sermon so you know that means   baking time!  i'm thinking lemon bars  smile 
is going to forage for food because <propmale> only has bachelor food in his house 
watching football with <propmale> (sad my hawks lost   ) and then going to the improv show tonight!
is back in atlanta 
who wants to color with me tonight?
is soooo booooooored   5 smile 0 cannot come fast enough 
is feeling really homesick for iowa right now   after a long conversation with <propfirst> clemens about the joys of snow 
can't seem to shake whatever illness showed up three weeks ago    i wish it would go away now!  i want to be healthy!
suddenly has a strong <propfemale> to make a gingerbread house 
"had a horrifically realistic dream last night about man-eating plants taking over our house, and then the world "
"hey remember that time someone brought red <propfemale> cheesecake to class?  yeah, that was today   yum "
i wish we were still taking a field trip to the <propmale> center for ethics   i've never been there 
"is now in the mood to watch christmas movies- elf, how the grinch stole christmas, the muppet christmas <propfirst>, love actually, miracle on 34th street, it's a wonderful life, white christmas   anyone care to join me?"
"packing up part of the house today and waiting for himym tonight   by the way, has anyone seen my season 3 of grey's anatomy?  i can't seem to find it or remember who i lent it to    "
my home church voted to become a reconciling congregation   woohoo!!
my home church voted to become a reconciling congregation   woohoo!
"is having a good day!  it's gorgeous outside, we had breakfast at the flying biscuit, made a visit to the <propmale> center, and now we are loading up the trailer with stuff to go home!"
excellent episode of glee!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
is grateful for a wonderful thanksgiving meal with candler friends   thanks <propmale> burel!!
"i'm blasting the christmas tunes while i clean the house, finish my phd application and start homework for next week  not exactly exciting things to do, but christmas music makes it all seem more fun!"
i really really want to go see the blindside tonight   anybody want to go with me?
going to hear <propfirst> preach and then i suppose i should get started on the mountains of homework i have due this week   
"you can't stop an avalanche as it races down the hill, you can try to stop the seasons girl, but you know you never will, and you can try to stop my dancing feet but i just cannot stand still!"
"in order to procrastinate on a final project due tomorrow i just took a nap   while sleeping, i had a dream that i owned a basset hound named <propfirst>   <propfirst> was a talking dog   also, someone was stealing my tomatoes "
rain in december is just depressing   it should be snowing!!!
where have all the good men gone and where are all the gods?  where's the street-wise hercules to fight the rising odds?  isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed?  late at night i toss and i turn and i dream of what i need   
i long to travel to greece   and go skydiving   and other miscellaneous adventures of life 
just made cookies with <propfirst> doss and <propfirst> hutchison   now <propfirst> lambert will eat them all 
i want to be home home right now   15 hours away from family is no place to be this time of year 
is bummed to be missing out on the blizzard in iowa right now!
"umm   a show on tlc called \invasion of the christmas lights\""?  heck yes please!!"""
you're about to board the <propfemale> <propmale> e playful ress   destination: horror 
is just not feeling it today 
"could really use a snuggie right now   also, some motivation to write my last two papers "
only a masochist could ever love such a narcissist   ~ <propfirst> waldorf
"ok, it's time to finally crack down on these last two papers   i can do it!"
just wrote six pages in three hours   that means halfway done with ethics and time for a break!
"done with ethics, turned it in, now moving on to the last paper of the semester!"
somehow i feel like it would easier to write this paper if it was snowing outside 
calling it a day on this paper and finishing tomorrow 
my mom is going into surgery in the morning   prayers please!
will be preaching at her home church on december 27th!
oooh this episode of house hunters is in iowa   sweet!
today is sushi lunch with <propfemale> vaness then a simpsons marathon with <propfirst> doss and <propfirst> hutchison   it's going to be a good day!
i also get to <propfemale> with thunder p  hutchison today!!
is finally back in des moines!!
is far too young to be driving a minivan 
is in her happy place (aka des moines when it's snowing)!!
is wearing a snuggie   and i'm officially hooked on flashfoward   good day!
just remembered how awesome the movie love actually is 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> to all!
and now <propfemale> christmas!!
is preaching at walnut hills tomorrow   starting to get nervous!!
"i wish i could get \the twelve days of christmas\"" song out of my head   but at least my sermon is written for tomorrow!"""
i smiled so much yesterday that my cheeks still hurt    life is good!  smile 
if there are two things <propfemale> needs right now it's sunshine and optimism   also angels 
"is in \crazy love\"" with the latest <propfirst> buble album!"""
nye party at <propfemale> murtha's house!  i'm excited to ring in 2010!!!
i saw black swan today and i loved it!
i'm trying one of these blog things as a part of my new year's resolution    check it out if you want to! http annoyed  illbedancingthroughlife blogspot com
it may be -6 degrees outside but a hot fudge mocha in my  new favorite coffee shop makes it all better 
i'm listening to <propfirst> buble on my ipod while working in a coffee shop   having a really really hard time not singing out loud and getting up and dancing around   but somehow i feel like that would be frowned upon   sigh   if only life were a musical!
yes iowa!!  love my home state and my <propfemale> mater so much!!!!!!!!!!
nothing better than a dance party to start off the morning!
"i'm at the farm, it's snowing, and we have two kinds of chili for dinner   life is fabulous!"
"we are now officially snowed in at the farm   and i got to feed my old pal <propmale> this morning (baby cow that i met in may   not much of a baby anymore at 450 lbs!) i'm loving this weather, the location, and being with family and friends "
ok just kidding   dad's boss can't live without him so into the treacherous road conditions we must venture 
black!
excited for tonight - spaghetti works and the lion <propmale> with <propfemale> murtha!
is making chicken noodle soup with homemade noodles!
will be in new york city this weekend!!
is heading to new york city to see jenn <propfirst>!!
"spending the afternoon checking out the options at tkts, walking across the brooklyn bridge and generally just e playful loring the city!"
"hey remember that time i loved my life?  oh yeah, that's right now!!"
"is watching inglourious basterds with <propfemale> mcdermott, <propfemale> purcell, and jenn <propfirst>!!"
heading back to atlanta   
i'm excited to go see avatar tonight at the imax theater!
is craving sushi like whoa!
is out with the girls!  dinner at surin then who knows what adventures might befall us this evening   
is attacking some reading today   also hopefully finishing that pesky little cpe application 
is going out with the boyz!
is enjoying a rainy day spent curled up in blankets reading and drinking tea 
"i'm trying to write a \reasonably full account of my life\"" for my cpe application   how long should this be?  i have three pages and feel like it's done   but is that enough?  thoughts from others who have successfully done this??"""
i just got the ceremony script for the wedding i am officiating next week   the wedding is in less than a week and i am starting to get really nervous excited!  any advice from friends who have done this before?
is excited for dinner at uncle <propfirst>'s tonight to celebrate the birthday of one miss <propfemale> hale!!
can't wait to fly to <propmale> this afternoon to see <propfemale> dowd and <propfemale> hoxeng!!!
is going to see some family i haven't seen in nine years!! i'm so excited!
tonight is the rehearsal dinner   i'm starting to get really nervous!
"i can't decide who to vote for in the superbowl   i was born in indiana so part of me wants to vote for the colts   but my usual method is picking whichever team has the cuter quarterback, and this year, that's the saints   what's a girl to do?"
has ambitious plans to be productive today so i can enjoy dinner at noche tonight!
i had a dream last night that i was in a sword fight with <propmale> linus   and i was losing   
there are some tough stories in 2 <propfirst>   
who wants to come play in the snow with meee???
loving life!!!
"i think senioritis just officially kicked in: 5 <propfemale> paper due tomorrow, 0 <propfemale>s written, -10 on motivation "
nothing like some good music to get me going the morning after a terrible night of sleep 
nothing brightens a morning like free pancakes cooked by your professors!  and wearing mardi gras colors!
it's time to get lost with nate puckett!!
i've been attacked by senioritis again    
has a hot date with the tv and some knitting needles tonight 
is super duper happy today!
i'm loving the sunshine and the fact that i get to go see some great dance tonight with an awesome date!
thinks you're some kind of wonderful!
"perhaps i should stop looking at recipes while i am in class, i make myself soooooo hungry!"
i just had my cpe interview over the phone and i'm about 99 8% positive that it went really well 
i'm pretty sure i have an addiction   to cooking blogs  it may or may not be getting out of hand 
i came over to <propfemale> weaver's to get my camera back and now we are are baking   fun times!
is enjoying a homemade dinner with <propfirst> and then going to see a magician at the seven stages theatre in little five points   i call that a good saturday night!
is going with <propfemale> thornton to see <propfirst> lambert hutchison's youth perform narnia!
i just got rear-ended by some jerk in downtown atlanta who then drove off   <propfemale> and i are both ok though 
i'm excited for dinner with <propfemale> <propfemale> simpson tonight   it has been far too long since i last saw her!
"dear <propmale>, you are an idiot   love, <propfemale> "
i may or may not be loving the weather that is occurring outside right now 
got some really good news today!  and the sun is shining!  happy thoughts all around!
i would like to thank <propmale> <propmale> for the sugary caffeine goodness that is now keeping me awake in class!
"is excited for spring break!  three days at the beach with <propfirst> bale, <propfemale> hale and <propmale> robinson   then the <propfirst> cullum concert with <propfirst> e  driskill, going to see spring awakening at the fox, <propfemale> <propfemale> simpson's housewarming party and hopefully a few dates with <propfirst>!  whew   it's going to be a busy but super fun week "
"i should really stop watching hgtv because house hunters, property virgins and my first place all reinforce in me my <propfemale> to buy my first house!"
"after lunch at everybody's i decided i felt like going to the park   so i talked <propfemale> malloy, <propfirst> lambert hutchison, <propfirst> doss and <propfemale> nowakowski into going with me!"
on the way to the gym this afternoon i stopped and bough girl scout cookies   counterproductive?  probably   delicious?  definitely 
is at the beach!! i have no cell service here so if i don't answer your calls texts over the next few days that is why 
is back in atlanta!  going to see <propfirst> cullum on friday and spring awakening on saturday!
<propfirst> cullum was amazing!!!
"hey friends, can anyone take me to the airport this thursday around 3 surprise 0? i'll love you forever!"
"is alarmed by the number of people sneezing and coughing in class today   if you are sick, please stay home!  i don't need to catch what you have!"
"ok seriously friends, is anyone free tomorrow around 2 smile 0 or 3???  i really need a ride to the airport or even just to a <propfemale> station   i would really appreciate it!!"
could use a diet coke like whoa 
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend at the monastery   not looking forward to the plane ride it will take to get there   flying freaks me out 
is in a happy and peaceful place known as holy wisdom monastery 
the new monastery building at holy wisdom has officially been designated as the greenest building in the country!
is finally home!  many thanks to <propfemale> conley for picking me up from the airport at such a ridiculous hour   love you!
hey kids!  it's free cone day at <propmale> and <propfirst>'s!  go get you one!
sometimes all it takes is a little common sense   let's use our brains now people!
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
can i just graduate already?? i don't wanna write anymore papers!
dilemma: go to bed now and get up early to write my paper? or stay up late to write it and sleep in tomorrow? what say you facebook world?
"in all my academic career i have yet to stay up past 2 am working on a paper, and tonight will be no exception   i knocked out most of it, will brush it up in the morning, and then i am done! (with that one   there are still plenty more before graduation    )"
is just chillin' like ice cream fillin'   
"dear iowa state, i would really like to know if i made it into your phd program or not   can you just tell me already??  thanks   love, <propfemale> "
i reiterate my plea   if you are sick please do not come to class!  please stay home and take care of yourself!
"i want to be a criminal profiler for the fbi   watching countless episodes of criminal minds certainly qualifies me, yes?"
ohh man that pizza commercial just messed with my head   rude 
"is hitting the gym, running errands, cleaning the kitchen, and (hopefully) writing a paper before heading to <propfemale> corum's tonight to address wedding invitations!"
mmmm   nothing better than the smell of freshly cut grass in spring time!
"i'm no angel, that i never claimed, but i thought i was nobody's fool   "
i think in deference to the fact that today is a holy day i'm going to skip my last class   (that totally works right?)
is revisiting the <propfemale> to be a party planner wedding coordinator!
is on a mission to find a red dress today 
"i love, love, love <propfirst> <propmale>'s food revolution!"
is celebrating our risen lord at hand in hand!
my most difficult decision of the day: which swimsuit to wear to the pool?
"i got excited when the mail came, but still no word from iowa state   seriously, when will  the torture end?!?"
"i'm giving myself two hours to write this paper and then i'm done   ready, set, go!"
it's wear-a-dress-tuesday!  mine makes me feel like dancing 
just sneezed six times in a row   helloooo allergy season!
"ok seriously, criminal minds makes me fear for humanity but i can't stop watching it "
uhh   did anyone else know that candler prom is survivor island themed this year? that so does not go with the dress i just bought last week 
"alright, gym, pool, dentist, cookout!  it's going to be a good day!"
so far seems to be the only one going without shoes today    don't leave me stranded people!!
i'm going to try my darndest to actually pay attention in this class today   i promise   
is overloading on reruns of ncis and criminal minds 
spent a relaxing day at the pool and is now ready for movie and wine night with <propfemale>!
   and now the boys came over   it's going to be an interesting night   !
"have i mentioned how much i love, love, love <propfirst> <propmale>?!?"
thai food for dinner and tickets to the ballet = a great saturday night!
is excited for the must reunion this afternoon!
a mere six assignments stand between me and graduation    bring it on!
is excited for the two country concerts i have lined up for the summer to go to with my daddy!!
"please mister postman, look and see, if there's a letter in your bag for me   it has been so long   since i've heard from that grad school, of mine     so many days you passed me by, see the tears standin' in my eyes, you didn't stop to make me feel better, by leaving me a card or a letter!"
is reading revelation 
"candler is dedicating a day of silence today, to <propfemale> the silence of the lgbt community  raising awareness and ending the silence about injustice is the first step to transformation  i am participating and will not be speaking until we break our silence at 5 smile 0  please pray for those who are challenged by this silence on a daily basis "
just fell in love with the elliptical machine!
i used to be able to stay up till all hours of the night   now i go to bed early and wake up at 8 am   what has happened to me?
i should probably be freaking out about final papers projects and those looming due dates but i'm not   i have a feeling it will all get done 
after several unsuccessful attempts to find a lunch companion i am now venturing out alone 
did not get accepted to iowa state   boo 
"i super love jenn <propfirst>!!  thanks for the voicemail dear, i'm not ready to call you back but that totally made my day!!"
i'm pretty sure hairspray is one of the best movies ever made   just sayin'    
of course i can't sleep the night before i have three presentations to do in one day 
is excited for some free bbq today!
i just realized i have exactly three weeks left in atlanta   whoa 
"things i want to do in atlanta before i leave: catch a braves game, go to the renaissance festival, stone mountain, the botanical gardens, and the zoo   i'd also like to go shooting and to a drive-in movie   anyone care to join me??"
it's my last day of class   ever 
hey atlanta area people   does anyone want a futon?  i don't feel like hauling it back to iowa   let me know!
is excited for the prom!!  it will be a great night with good friends and a hot date  smile 
i want a pet dragon!
needs to be locked in the library until at least wednesday   three papers to go!
it's go time 
i just knocked out 15 pages in about 7 hours   now it's time for a break with <propfirst> clemens 
blarg   i need to knock out a 7 <propfemale> paper by 4 pm   i can do it right?
aaaaaaaaaaaand scene 
is hoping that cleaning will help restore some of her sanity 
i will no longer be carrying photo id   you know why?  people should know who i am 
i just cried at the end of an episode of criminal minds   that's how i know it's time for bed 
is watching the end of the hawks game with <propfirst> 
my fortune cookie tonight: romance moves you in a new directoin 
"i had a dream last night that someone took me to see the nutcracker, but they only performed the first act   and i was pissed "
"ok, it's time to write my last ever paper in seminary    i just need to pull 12-15 pages out of my   uh   head   yeah, my head   that's where this paper is going to come from "
"every time a couple gets married, two single people die "
it would be nice if i could spend one day of my life not sneezing   it's kind of a goal of mine   not sure it has ever happened 
11 pages + 2 lines = 12 pages  which also means that i am done!!
is heading to celebrate the end of an <propfemale>!
i hope the rain holds off for the braves game today!
is practically sitting on the field at the braves game thanks to my awesome boyfriend!
had an amazing weekend and is now enjoying a chill night 
"rules for watching mulan: you can talk when they are talking, but you have to sing when they are singing!  having a chill evening with <propfirst> lambert hutchison, <propfirst> e  driskill, <propfemale> hale, and thunder p  hutchison "
time to start cleaning stuff out and packing   
decision: should i recycle all the papers from the last few years that i don't want to keep?  or should i save them in hopes that someone has a bonfire before graduation?   smile 
"i need more boxes   do you want to give me any?  also, do you want to help me pack?  i hate doing it  i'll give you pizza and beer i promise "
"going to sit poolside with <propfemale> vaness   that counts as packing, right?"
"heading to neighbor's for the senior get together   come one, come all!"
is spending the day at the pool with the girls and then the evening with <propfirst>!
"is packing, packing, packing, packing, packing    "
"giddy on up, giddy on out!"
"heyy wadt girls    <propfemale> weaver, <propfemale> corum, and <propfemale> b  miller   cabana dresses are on sale at old navy for only $15 this week   should we take a field trip??"
the stupid people that gave me my graduation stuff gave me the wrong tassel   how do i fix it?
"today = renaissance festival, sheer exhilaration by the atlanta ballet, dinner at ippolito's and seeing iron man 2 at the imax theatre   i'd say that's a pretty good saturday!"
"happy mother's day to <propfemale> palmer-johnson!! (this counts as a card, right?)"
i graduate with my master of divinity today!!
there is nothing i despise more than packing and moving  grrr 
"when you move out of your place, take a last look at the empty space, think, no one will live here like i did, no one will love you like i did, and i'll never live here again    "
i'm starting a list of fun books i want to read over the summer   any suggestions??
who says you can't go home?
is excited to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> dowd tonight!
"is still working on settling in at home   i'm so glad the word \home\"" means \""iowa\"" now """
is attempting to make homemade hummus for the first time 
is getting estimates on the damage to my car  boo 
made some pico de gallo and oh my goodness  it is delicious!
"yessssss    neil <propfirst> <propmale> on glee, my life is complete "
is sitting on the front porch swing with a glass of ice water and a good book 
is going to see <propfemale> lambert in concert tonight!!
i'm headed to the monastery for the weekend!
it's the end of an <propfemale>!  the final episode of lost!
"i don't believe in a lot of things, but i do believe in duct tape "
ok lost   there are soooooooooooooo many questions left unanswered   not really sure how i feel about the ending 
is off to jury duty for the day  yippee 
relaxing evenings spent reading on the porch swing are one reason i moved back to iowa 
is spending the day gardening and painting 
just got a strong craving for a root beer float 
is starting to strongly regret the idea of repainting and redecorating my room   
is finally done painting my room!  now time to plant the garden   
i want to go to zoo brew at blank park zoo sometime this summer   who's with me?
trader <propfirst>'s is coming to des moines!!! heck yes!!!!
forgot how bad licking the back of an envelope tastes   yech 
is making pico de gallo!!
"sometimes it gets hard to e playful lain what exactly a master's of divinity is   so instead, i just tell people i have a degree in jesus "
is really really nervous about starting work tomorrow!!
"ok real world, ready or not, here i come!!"
"by the time i leave tomorrow, i will have been at the hospital for 33 hours  awesome "
drinking coke out of a pepsi cup makes me feel like a heretic 
zoo brew was awesome 
pretty sure i'm not cut out for 7 smile 0 am every morning 
"when i see someone else tear up, i automatically tear up  this doesn't bode well for the summer "
"i'm glad my car is capable of driving underwater, otherwise i wouldn't have made it to work this morning!"
quite possibly my favorite word in the english language: nap 
i've been gone from atlanta for exactly month   time flies!
church was supposed to be outside this morning    i guess god has other plans 
tonight is my first 12 hour solo on-call shift at the hospital   prayers please!
well that was a long night 
the best part about living at home   the hot tub!
exhaustion is fast becoming a state of being this summer 
i'm so hungry   too bad my lunch is in the room where they are having the important meeting 
is trying desperately to get the energy to go to the gym 
my biggest goal today is to be back in bed by 9 pm 
tough day 
"i work hard for the money    oh wait, i don't get paid for this job   i work hard for the    heavenly reward?"
the men in our family are never again allowed to choose where we eat out as a family 
just wrote a really long verbatim   writing about it was almost as hard as dealing with the situation the first time   sigh 
it's almost the weekend    
is going to a garden party!
is on call today   i guess freezing inside the hospital is better than melting outside 
"after a very long, very busy day at the hospital, i am so looking forward to tomorrow   church potluck and <propfirst> buble here i come!!"
is back at it 
i love the surprise that <propfemale> vaness sent me!  you rock girl!!
<propfirst> buble is currently making this on-call shift bearable 
i'm updating my status per the request of <propfemale> murtha 
going to lunch at the historical building with mom   yay for days off!
is working overnight tonight 
christmas music just accidentally came up on my itunes   i think i'm just gonna roll with it   
i think jesus would approve of you 
is not feeling well   sad 
there is an improv show at the civic center saturday night   who wants to go with me?
mmmm pizza    
the improvfest was completely hilarious   i just wish i could have stayed for the whole thing!
out of town for the night with cpe roundup 
"i'm no angel that i never claimed, but i thought i was nobody's fool "
i don't know why i ever thought that once i was done with candler i wouldn't have to write anymore reflection papers   
i won free zoo brew tickets for tonight!! too bad i work till 9    
is heading to <propmale> winery for a concert!
"it's a cold, old world, when you're missing somebody   "
will melt your popsicle   
jersey boys was incredible!!
is trying to catch up on paperwork before my 12 hour on call shift tonight 
"is going apartment hunting downtown and finally remembered wadt!!  i love standing in solidarity with <propfemale> weaver, <propfemale> b  miller, and <propfemale> tate!!"
oh <propfirst>   
"it's happy birthday time for one of my dearest friends   the one and only, <propfemale> murtha!!!"
"my big interview is in the morning   either wish me luck or pray for me, whichever works for you!!"
interview    
interview round 1: check!  interview round 2: commencing in t -10 minutes    
and i breathe a huge sigh of relief    
i love awesome co-workers that bring me bags of peanut butter m&m's just because 
"ok, now it's official   i have been offered the residency!!"
can it be lunchtime now?
i can't wait for winter 
i got woken up by the pager at 8am   thankfully it was just <propfirst> telling me he's here to take over now   
and another week begins   
i'm no good for ya baby 
oh crap   
i'm making peanut butter cookies then dipping them in chocolate   who wants to be my friend?
i need a new planner    before my brain e playful lodes    
is ready for a long overdue girl's night!
had to end the night early because of a horrible headache    bedtime now 
"time to go to a wedding of someone i barely know while simultaneously trying to plan what i'm going to say in my sermon tomorrow   yeah, this may be procrastination multi-tasking at it's finest!"
i'm heading to my first gig as televangelist   eek!
watching grey's anatomy on dvd while carrying the pager at work is quiet confusing   it takes me a minute to figure out if the pager going off is mine or just on tv!
can it be october yet?
ahhhh the end of another season of the bachelorette   must mean summer is almost over!
i'm catching up on my correspondence 
is starting to sermonize   hopefully 
i keep seeing previews for the last exorcism and it is freaking me out !!!
getting to leave work early after an overnight on call = good   getting to leave work early after an overnight on call because i spent the early part of the morning getting sick = not so good 
slammed with paperwork again 
you always have a choice 
the iowa state fair started today   who wants to go with me this weekend??
it's friday the 13th and i'm on-call today   
is baking up a storm this afternoon 
i woke up tired   heading into a twelve hour shift   good thing i can take naps at work!
absolutely heartbreaking   
well that was the worst shift i've had in a while 
just packed a very strange lunch for tomorrow 
i need to bake something for a project   give me suggestions!
it totally makes my day when i wake up and see that someone has commented on my blog  smile 
nothing like watching the antiques roadshow with my parents to make me feel old 
since when do books have commercial on tv?  i find this so weird for some reason   
i'm officially done with the internship!  now to kick off the residency with a 16 hour on call shift   
"nap, then gym, then going to the iowa state fair!  arguably one of the happiest places on earth   although <propfirst> <propfemale> lambert might disagree with me  smile "
"if i die young, bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river, at <propfemale>, send me away with the words of a love song   "
i'm thinking it might be time to remove the nose ring permanently   guess i'm growing up!
ok seminary friends   i just remembered i have $40 to spend at cokesbury thanks to graduation   any suggestions on what i should get?
"to watch criminal minds or to go to bed early   decisions, decisions "
"two weeks from today i get my first paycheck, whoohoo!  how shall i celebrate??"
sometimes the hospital seems like a big hungry monster that feeds on our personal lives   - scrubs
"three little birds sat on my window, and they told me i don't need to worry "
i love lists 
just found a recipe for brownie cookies   will be making soon!
i'm teaching myself how to play the guitar one on call shift at a time!
just watched my sister's keeper   hated they way they changed the ending! the book is so much better 
oncall tonight for twelve hours   then i get to spend the rest of the weekend with <propfemale> dowd !
"life is a journey, not a destination   "
second saturdays are for being fancy with <propfemale> dowd !!
going to an office space themed party -- breaking printers and wearing flair = excellent   but i think it's safe to say we won't be fancy anymore!!
back to work today   and all worth it to get that paycheck tomorrow - finally!!
dancing in the car on the way to work makes for a good start to the day - thanks for the fabulous cd <propfemale> marsh !!
i want to go apple picking   anybody with me?
looking forward to the football game tomorrow!
touchdown hawkeyes!!
well that was a loooooooooong night 
i suddenly have a strong urge to make a giant batch of pw's cinnamon rolls   
i'll be at the monastery this weekend for a much needed retreat   see you all when i get back!
loving the fact that my dad booked me a suite at the holiday inn for this second night of the retreat   relaxation and renewal here i come!!
i love bananas!
today's the day!
"headed to the game with <propfirst> scales , go hawks!!"
it's finally fuzzy socks and pretty scarf weather   i love fall!
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter 
"i have a verbatim due tomorrow that isn't finished yet   but i'm going to pull a <propfirst> e  driskill  and go to bed now, then get up early in the morning to knock it out!"
so psalm 137 is up in the lectionary this week   anyone else actually using it?  any suggestions?  do i actually want to read this one in chapel at the hospital?
"it's 60 degrees, the sky is blue, the leaves are starting to turn, and i don't have to work   it's a perfect fall day!"
"<propfemale>, is there anything worse in this world than a man?"
i've been at work for 14 hours   lots to go   off to try and get some sleep now!
i just spilled banana on myself   how is that even possible?
criminal minds   quite possibly my most favorite show on television right now!
where do all the socks go?!?!?
off to the world food prize festival in downtown des moines!
i'm at work and wishing i had a diet coke   
loving this fall day and a three day weekend!
i find myself missing atlanta people something fierce today  you know who you are!  love to you all!
is it wierd that i love busy days at work?
yuuummmm just fell in love with fresh raspberries and blackberries 
"full moon   36 hour on call shift    this should turn out well, right?"
no one ever mistook me for beauty and grace 
"ok atlanta friends, i am officially coming to visit january 13-17th   <propfirst> your calendars now!  this means you, <propfirst> <propfemale> lambert , <propfirst> e  driskill , <propfemale> vaness , <propmale> robinson , <propfirst> doss , and <propfirst> clemens , among others   (facebook only lets me tag 6 people)   can't wait to see you all!"
not yet in a halloween mood this year   this needs to change by saturday!
i'm just a sweet transvestite from transexual transylvania!
everybody has those days 
i may be going blind from staring at my computer screen all day   i will notify you further tomorow 
"not a good start to the day   woke up an hour and a half late, braindead has been elected our new govenor and all three iowa supreme court judges got kicked off   wtf iowa   grrr "
volunteering overnight with des moines interfaith hospitality network !
trader <propfirst>'s is opening in des moines tomorrow   i feel like a little kid on christmas <propfemale>!!
i put some love in the mail to friends today   now watching a movie on my parent's new big screen tv   life is good 
gonna need some holy spirit inspiration in the morning since i totally forgot to plan chapel   
go iowa!!
"oh dobby, you shall be missed "
"the lights are up outside, the trees (that's right, plural) are decorated, but it just won't feel like the holidays until we get some snow!!!"
wrote this status update from the treadmill  smile 
"i had a dream last night that it snowed and when i woke up i ran outside in my pajamas to play in the snow   it was glorious   sadly, when i woke up, there was no snow  sad "
"i just e playful erienced a terrible, heart wrenching on-call shift  i ask for prayers for all whom i encountered throughout the night "
bored   at home alone for the week    i guess i should write that verbatim i have due tomorrow 
i spent the evening hosting the christmas party for my work   and it was fabulous!  my cheeks hurt from laughing smiling so much   now for the mess to clean up   
i love receiving christmas cards - thanks so much <propfemale> weaver and <propfemale> tate !!!
happy  smile 
"i fell at work today when i leaned back in my desk chair and it completely flipped over   my boss made me go to the <propmale> and i was diagnosed as having a \minor head injury\""   don't worry - all is well now - it was more funny than anything!  i'm a total klutz is the lesson of the day   """
sometimes too good is true   
i had an extremely vivid dream last night that two tornadoes were about to hit the hospital   it freaked me out!
loving life!!
apparently there was some sort of football game tonight?
i'm heading to atlanta for a long weekend!! if you are there and want to <propfemale> out give me a call or send me a text!!
"watching the <propfemale> and the frog, going to worship at the united methodist children's home, then going out with all my atlanta friends to hand in hand - what a fabulous day!!"
coming back to work is hard after a long weekend with friends in atlanta   especially when i have to pick up extra shifts!
i have officially paid off my first student <propfemale>!!
"i give up, i'm ready for spring   (good thing i'm going on a caribbean cruise next week!!)"
i just blogged for the first time in almost two weeks - i was glad for the break but it feels good to be back!
does anyone know anything about consolidating student loans?  i need help!
leaving town today to go on a cruise!!
going on a cruise! will be offline for a week 
back on land but not back home yet   can't wait to get home and back to real life! (who says that after a vacation?!?)  smile 
heading to my dcom interview this morning   wish me luck!
i am officially a certified candidate for ordination in the united methodist church!! or as my supervisor at works says   i am now certifiable  smile 
today is a very good day indeed 
i wish <propfemale> white was my grandma  smile 
i love when sermon inspiration strikes before saturday night!
i'm hooked on firefly   
spa day!!
hey all!  for lent this year i am going to give up facebook     if you need to get a hold of me please use my personal email:  bmjohn22@gmail com 
