c4ed7ee44c53b124e625ce5c13ffa4d9
   is the man in the family?
can't make decisions  ever  ugh 
had a great week
isn't feeling too great 
it's really just not my day  at all 
is feeling sick and not looking forward to work 
is feeling a bit down 
is starting to get rid of stuff for heading to college and my mom moving from slo  ick 
has been up for an hour and is already having a shitty day 
is so bored
is worried
mmmmmmmmm massage  smile  now to go drink my horrible nasty tea d=
is sewing  finally 
absolutely nothing to do 
was sorting through things to get rid of and got bored  stuff everywhere 
loves the way they portray high school dances in movies
mmmmmmm jello
misses my boy  annoyed 
"went out to get aleve, mousetraps and butter  i lead an exciting life "
is trying to find an open class i want to take that will still be open by 5  impossible 
has a final schedule for school  fridays off!
"thought i had another chocolate  could not find it  two hours later, i found it  in my sweatshirt pouch  melted  all over my phone "
so    i didn't really burn  i got a tan that hurts  how does that work?
why does the black paint always come out so fast?
has a fly buzzing in her room just when she got in bed 
can't believe it's only one more week 
needs to pack but really doesn't want to 
what to take? what to take?
well    my room has been thoroughly destroyed today 
has a busy day tomorrow  damn 
should really be doing something on her last day   
has a problem with not actually knowing how much space she'll have 
feels sick   
is about to be off to school and has that gnawing feeling that i'm forgetting to pack something   
is settled in cal and going to get a workout climbing all these damn stairs 
ummm    i think i cheated on the alcohol edu thing   
awkward unit dance party  nice 
just played an awesome game of ultimate frisbee with light up frisbees and is excited for school tomorrow  first class isn't til 4 
is getting extremely annoyed with this picture flashing on a building across the street  i have no idea what it is!
is extremely intimidated by the dorm showers  it's like standing under a fire hose 
had her first class  really had to pee and had a ridiculous runny nose that turned into a bloody nose  good start 
thank you late night crossroads for understanding i want good food at 12  and thank you server guy for giving me ranch after failing your pop quiz thing 
fuck being sick 
it is way too hot for 12 smile 0 in berkeley 
oh please oh please don't tell my the cough is back!
"had a great day in san <propfirst>  moma, sushi and random pokemon cards  hell yes "
gilgamesh    you are ridiculous 
is not liking my first college essay 
is upset with the library
is in love with her schedule 
no! fuck you bspace!
singing backstreet boys with my roommates  we're cool 
got really weird looks for walking around and taking pictures 
why don't my lines work? wtf ed1 notebook?
damnit gsi  email me back!
people are way too excited for this game 
needs to take more pictures 
saw the samurai again today 
mmmmm    map quizzes are gross 
soooooooo sleeeeeeeepy 
fridge! yay!
booo fire drills 
loves her floormates and our awesomeness 
has nothing to do 
"has way too much hair, but doesn't know what to do with it "
rain!?
lazy day 
damn  needs to read 
is confused  damn 
"even with lots of sleep, i'm still so tired on monday "
just woke up freaking out that i had missed class 
loves her classes ability to suddenly relate to something she was talking about during the week 
too  much  reading 
is realizing she's finally almost 18 
should still be asleep 
wants mail
loves her roommates for making me a birthday cake! and my floormates for surprise singing!
so  hot 
home 
thank you so much to everyone who has sent me such nice birthday wishes!
dead phone and no charger =[
much too obsessed with my new game 
"dear dorm shower on the end, it would be very nice of you to stop flooding  and to have some sort of water pressure  and to be as hot or cold as i tell you to instead of doing it yourself  thank you  ps: that last part goes for you as well, handicap shower   =["
will never pass people's park in short shorts again 
walkout 
mmmmmm    long march 
is tired of drawing this library 
people's park wasn't that bad 
"does not understand her <propmale> class  they say no color, and give us color examples  they say no something, and show good examples of people's work who have obviously done what they said not to "
does not like papers 
"words, words, words   not happy about this hamlet paper "
this paper needs to be done 
paper complete  hell yes 
my toesies are so spirited now   smile 
so    i think i just totally made up the plot to the original hamlet and tried to convince my teacher that's what happened 
is not sure why she's reading about boat sections   
has found drawing the facade of a building that is under construction is rather difficult 
wants to learn to sing 
is not at the cal vs usc game  and doesn't really care 
ugh  that about sums it up right now 
i'm glad hamlet dies  i'm annoyed with him and his mother  hate this essay 
"ramen was invented for college, i do believe "
is reading about whether or not there should be laws about having young boys as lovers and when a boy becomes a good lover  almost no mention of women  greece was weird 
is excited for tomorrow!
is over papers 
skating up hill in the cold was not a good idea 
something exciting should happen 
is obviously too tired to read when greek history is reminding her of super troopers 
my shoes are soaked through and i don't think they'll dry by tomorrow   annoyed 
i don't think it can be called a vacuum if it leaves more than it sucks up   
soooooo tired 
hates when a library or bookstore has every book in a series except the one you want 
needs something to do 
does not want to go to people's park again 
never never never going to people's park at 5 ever ever ever again!
abs  ouch 
there is about a foot of wet denim at the bottom of my jeans  i like rain 
is sitting in the hallway doing hw with friends  but obviously not doing hw 
ab workout in the hall  love my floor 
has a paper due in a week and hasn't picked what to write on  poetry is lame sometimes 
has no idea how much writing is enough in a bluebook  grrrrrr
wishes more than ever there was a ctrl+f function for hand written notes 
what should i take next semester!?
too many dates  too many dates  already over studying for this midterm 
i don't understand this new facebook thing  there are two posts next to each other  one from an hour ago and one from 8 hours ago  and the 8 hours one is on top   
i feel there was a slight oversight when they decided to have a pro-life rally at cal 
"trying to figure out my schedule for next semester  unless i'm doing something wrong, i have 16 hours so far and only 8 units   "
grad students' kids trick or treating in the dorms  soooo cute!
has fallen in love with a building  that can't be healthy 
has done absolutely nothing productive all day 
cutting up a book is so much harder than anticipated 
this project is going to take literally forever 
needs something to do that isn't homework 
finds it ironic that i'm hurting my fingers on the grip of my exact-o knife rather than the sharp blade centimeters away 
the strike closed the history department  paper due date extended   smile 
can't find any reputable sources about something we discussed extensively in class  what?
is doing everything but the homework due tomorrow 
cannot find classes to sign up for!
i think i'm just going to give up on finding classes 
needs something to do that isn't schoolwork 
is extrememly unhappy about this 10 <propfemale> paper  it is currently less than a paragraph long 
my computer is telling me i'm not online   
hates long papers 
thank you secret <propfemale>!
bc dates are freaking me out  people aren't supposed to be born in 241 and die in 187 
final final  2 5 hours  not ready 
packing it up to head home!
home  smile 
my bed  so nice 
??????
tomato juice everywhere!
zumba with mom  very fun 
wants to go workout but is way too cold to go change
why is the food network always on in the workout room? it seems cruel 
i can see the sky today!
is looking through decal's  so many random courses 
i just found 7 classes i want to take and i have no idea which one(s) i should!
fuck the dorm laundry!
has been in the studio since 3 
needs to figure out a way to watch lost tonight!
lost is currently on and i have no way to watch it =[
"dear lost writers:  you have one season to tell us what the fuck is going on  i, and every other lost fan, would appreciate if you could end the show without leaving us even more confused "
why are only some people's homepages different?
shows from when i was little  so great  thank you internet 
is so over drawing doe a million times already 
i think the laundry rooms in this building are conning us 
thursdays always feel like fridays  how disappointing 
hates mastering physics with a passion 
god damn library 
absolutely impossible to focus 
broken elevator  sad 
the internet and essays don't mix well 
would love for someone to bring food 
night of the living dead  so ridiculous 
can hopefully manage to run on empty all day 
whomever designed the drawers for the dorms was an idiot  i like to be able to open my drawer from the top please 
"67 degrees today? bullshit, accuweather!"
why does physics suck so much?
<propmale> potter in the studio makes it go by much faster 
needs to be entertained 
sick and in a bad mood  sounds like a great time to study physics!
"raining, clueless for an apparently brutal midterm tonight and extremely sleepy  yay "
well    that midterm destroyed me 
fell asleep in the hallway between classes  nice 
just lost a good amount of hw time playing bop-it 
physics homework right now? seriously?
charcoal may be the worst <propmale> medium ever 
 annoyed 
is getting absolutely nothing done 
"judging by the midterm statistics, i did not do well "
"has watched a popeye cartoon, a <propfemale> boop cartoon and interview with a vampire in classes the past three days "
wishes someone would bring her food 
is feeling woosey 
why can't it be warm? spring break better be warmer than this 
i should not have to dry my clothes three times! this time they better be dry 
"skated to class to day  confused pedestrians, amused classmates and caused the professor to get really excited "
"   my teacher is having us read wikipedia as our reading tonight  not only that, but it's pretty much uncited "
really wants sweets right now 
how is it that i still can't figure out how to use a semicolon?
cannot write a thesis statement to save her life 
it's finally nice outside!
needs to find a place to live for next year   annoyed 
it's technically spring break  why do i have to do hw still?
does anyone in slo know where to by strips of basswood?
it looks like i got punched in the eye  but i can't e playful lain it 
can never think of titles   annoyed 
this really gross day has made me do nothing 
just cannot understand physics 
does not understand computers
severly underestimated how long this project would take 
is going to get no sleep tonight 
is catching up on lost   smile 
finally done with midterms!!!
great way to spend a morning: wandering san <propfirst> 
it finally feels like spring!
"this morning my physics professor did an e playful irement with waves through a rope and a strobe light  judging by the reactions of the class, some people got started on 4-20 a bit early "
in the studio all day 
just woke up from a 4 1 2 hour nap 
the online class schedule lies d=
"not only is it a little weird that you can see all of your facebook friends' stations on pandora, i do not want to be influenced by what they like  yes, <propmale> marley is good, but i don't want him in my musical station because my friends like him "
bah! lost!? what!?
owns zero good rain pants 
not a good time to be getting sick 
"google just suggested a related search of \long does take drive san francisco\"""""
needs a lost shirt 
can somebody e playful lain all of physics to me please? by thursday?
totally called the song finn sings on glee  knew it was coming at some point 
needs finals to be over 
needs finals to be over  how did i manage to be the only person who hasn't even taken one yet?
"a nice, short, easy final with food is a great way to end the year "
i'm home   smile 
my dog is manipulative 
   what?
just had a great mother funded shopping trip at forever 21 
wisdom teeth coming out today   annoyed 
wishes she could do something other than lie in bed all day 
staying in bed all day has let me rediscover the joys of my ds 
is even more chipmunky today  how is that possible?
bug bites!
unreasonably tired 
berkeley for the weekend  missed it   smile 
fuuuuuuuck telebears!
"just realized i'm wearing my laguna sweats, slo high shirt, and cal jacket "
less than a week left in slo 
it's time to go back up to school so what do i do? head down to san <propmale> for a few days of course!
never realizes how much clothing she owns until its time to pack 
whose leg do i have to hump to get a dry martitni around here?
loves goosey 
what the fuck berkeley?
sat in class for 30 minutes before someone told us our professor is in <propfemale>   
it feels like it's already 3 surprise 0   
wait    it's supposed to be hot tomorrow? in berkeley? d=
computer    the printer is right there  there is a cable connecting you to it  how can you not find it!?
"according to my italian book, there are some words i must know like: airplane, airport, hotel, friend and orange soda "
learned how to stereotype other countries in italian today 
thank you very much to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday 
brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
   does jstor not work from home?
does it say something about the culture that my italian book has the words for alcoholic and drug addiction in the <propfemale> dictionary in the back?
nice long nap and still tired 
the ridiculous number of pins in my hair from a wedding up-do set off the airport metal detector 
"freezing, hungry, tired and confused  first all nighter of the year "
just pulled 66 bobbypins out of my hair  holy shit 
i like it on the floor 
love my house mates for taking care of me while sick and frantically studying 
sooooo cold
hates when you find something in a store and go back to buy it the next day and it's already gone 
"needs to sleep  damn it, college!"
"my gsi lost two of my homework assignments, and i'm getting 0's for them  someone e playful lain this logic please?"
accidental all nighter?
brrrrrrrr
8 hour nap  awesome 
<propmale> potter was awesome  can't wait for the next 
why so much work right before thanksgiving?
   so   sleepy   
is still having nightmares about model making even though studio is over 
fuck math
the guy at <propfemale>'s keeps telling me i look like demi moore    i don't see it 
loooooove my bed 
i just did a pig poo
<propfemale> <propfemale> christmas!
cat just walked across the keyboard  she managed to ctrl+f and type :[
i would get sick the first week of class 
"watching a show that features a lot of popular music, but is 10 years old is pretty amusing "
"today my professor told us the industrial revolution was similar to the internet revolution  like how microsoft, google, facebook and groupon are all trying to outdo each other   "
why is it so hot?
"my history has been deleted multiple times and my info switched to an entirely different computer  yet when i type in maps into my url bar, i still get bernaur chausse 28, wandlitz, germany "
it's hard to write a paper on the same machine that brings me the internet 
"deconstructed \born this way\"" in class  weird stuff """
heard a homeless man say he only drinks soy chocolate milk because the other kind isn't as good for you  oh berkeley 
