ea70fcee00c5cec6039353e0e9121e12
i just realized something   how did i get past 365 days doing nothing?
"apparently, the sour patch kids i'm eating don't like to be sweet "
staying in nyc for the whole day  wooooooooooooh!!!!!!!!!!
 smile  'u?i??s ?sn?
"i can show you that when it rains and shines, it's just a state of mind "
what goes through the mind of a victim of <propmale> <propmale>'s roundhouse kick? his foot 
congratulations to class of 2010! woooh!!  smile 
"i'm at the special olympics in ewing, nj  wooooh!!!!! i'm staff "
skipped school to go buy revolver some things are more important 
fun day  we played wipeout for the 2nd grade  they're special enough   smile 
"any 7th grader who has recieved more than 3 awards, participation in a club not counting, are nerds  ha, i got 2   smile "
school's done!!! finally  i'm overjoyed   smile 
"some people would e playful ect me to change over summer, but i'm like a fine wine, i get better with age   smile "
i went to sit down and ended up sitting on a safety pin  it's halfway stuck in my leg  it sucks   crying 
came back from a 4 hour pool party for our class  i'm sore from doing too many flips 
usa!! wooooooh!!!!!!!!
i've recently found out that <propfemale> is actually <propfemale> throw-up  how lovely 
everywhere there's lots of piggies living piggie lives  you can see them out for dinner with their piggie wives  clutching forks and knives to eat their bacon   smile 
"according to history channel, coca-cola was originally made with cocaine  they shot it, drank it, etc  some of you guys knew that "
how come the fun people are leaving mda? wtf!
"i don't know if any of you guys watch wwe, but tonight's episode was so epic  wwe is a guys  soap opera "
it's such a hard struggle keeping my 8 year old sister awake til 11 smile 0 pm for our mom to pick us up  we passing time by watching discovery 
"back in my day, we had doorknobs, not those automatic fancy opening doors "
any of you guys feelin' smiley?  smile   laugh 
"cool guys don't look at e playful losions, they blow things up and then walk away  who's got time to look at e playful losions? there's cool guy errands that they have to walk to  the more you ignore it, the cooler you look!!!!!"
i'm so tired    listenin' to toys in the attic   laugh 
"i've read that people who have type o blood are: responsible, decisive, organized, objective, rule-conscious, and practical      what the hell went wrong with me?"
"today's a national holiday, for it is <propmale> de castro's birthday   laugh "
"i always thought that < 3 was a sideways smiley face  the three's the eyes, the other thingy the mouth  but when you combine them it turns into  love   i just did simple math, what now   laugh "
"when i was younger, i used to dislike <propmale> norris     oh crap!! i think he heard me  gotta head to the closest bomb shelter, but i won't have much time "
i remember my 2nd day at mda very vividly  i remember it so well because that's day i got lost in that school  i'm the only one capable of getting lost on the 2nd floor    memories   laugh 
i love new jersey!!!!  laugh 
"i've found out that people who have 3 different vowels in their name are usually more happier, energetic, and get along well with others   yay  laugh "
"we need a finding nemo 2!! pixar, you had like 10 years to make this!! i'm not getting any younger you know  i wanna see nemo and dory and <propfirst> again! > surprise "
i just got chocolate wasted  the lady at the ice cream shop gave me like a whole cup full of chocolate ice cream with hot fudge  ughhhhhh  i feel fat 
"oh god is bigger than the boogeyman, he's bigger than godzilla or the monsters on tv  oh god is bigger than the boogeyman, and he's watching out for you and me! only awesome people know this song "
i love the summer  it's so summer-y   smile 
fireworks were awesome  i dislike those small ones that have such a bright e playful losion and loud bang  it hurts my dark eyes  fun though  laugh 
"within 7 days god made water, land, day, night, animals, plants and trees, the sky, humans, seasons, days, years, fruits and vegetables  but on the 8th day, god poured out all his divine powers and energy to create a being whom he had named <propmale> <propmale>   the writer who had removed this day from the bible was found hours later unconscious by a roundhouse kick to the head "
listening to <propmale> marley  he could relax you with like 1 or 2 songs   smile 
what was my all time favorite band before the beatles? the people that really know me would know this 
leaving for puerto <propmale> for 3 weeks todaay!!  laugh  i don't think i'll enjoy it as much without <propmale>   sad 
headin' off to the airport! my flight's gonna be 4 hours and 9 minutes  oh the joy 
 smile 
finally back in new jersey after nearly 3 weeks of having fun with my family in puerto <propmale>!!!!! it was awesome 
"people are such ninnies about tornadoes  it's not as bad as people think  you should go where i grew up and witness the meaning of natural disaster  i just love when there's a hurricane, the wind's fun "
"everywhere there's lots of piggies leaving piggy lives, you can see them out for dinner with their piggy wives  clutching forks and knives to eat their bacon!"
i just went to that water area in west hudson park with my sister and dad  that water is freezing  you're never too old for these things   laugh 
good morning everybody!!  smile 
"if a tree falls in the woods and there's no one around to hear it, will it make a noise?"
3 more days til i rock it out with <propmale>  woooh!!!!!!
"you can get with this, or you can get with that  you can get with this, or you can get with that  you can get with this, 'casue this is where it's at  doo-dah-dippity"
anybody going to that cyo camp thing on thursday? i'm going 'cause i wanna go in that new pool 
"i know this question is a bit odd, but what's today's date?  i don't have any calendars near and my phone's dead "
playing new super <propfirst> bros  with <propfemale>   laugh 
damn <propmale> <propfirst>! his epic songs are getting to me 
i'm on a low budget  laugh 
"any 7th, 6th, 5th, 4th, graders start they're summer work yet  i didn't start it yet because i have this disease called procrastination  it gets deadlier the more i avoid it   surprise "
"one year, or is it sunday? down in the valley below  im sitting here waiting for the angels of babylon, waiting for the eastern glow "
is pimping out his farm   laugh 
how come everytime i use a shampoo on my hair i end up looking like <propfemale> pet when it dries? at least i smell fruity  every boy's dream   laugh 
s-h-a-r-k   w-e-e-k  woooh!!!!!!  laugh 
like this status and i'll tell you what you are on a scale from 1-10 
"welcome to the space olympics, you're in the year 3022  strange air and vegetation    you're a winner!!!!!!!"
you just read this sentence 
"i don't know the meaning of \mature\""  i check the dictionary and the only word i see is \""julio\"" """
you guys have to watch discovey channel right now 
they're planning on converting hcs into an old folks home!!  laugh  now i know where i'm staying when retire   laugh 
like this status if i ever made you laugh or smile at least once 
drumming isn't as easy as people think it is  i got suddenly good because i had tons of practice in 5th grade  i wanna see someone drum along to one of my drumming compositions  i'm a damn maniac on drums  sort of like <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfirst> bonham combined   laugh 
from now on i will put an lol at the end of every sentence i write to anybody  i'm hardcore  lol
hoo-blah!!!!
"almost every time i stay in my grandma's house, she urges me to take a shower,  but i usually take one when i get home at night  i took one today to make her happy, and she ends up getting po'd     wtf!! she's such a diva! what is that!?"
"going to newport mall today with <propmale> til the afternoon  we're gonna show them how it's done, hcs style  you know it's done hcs style when you see me leaving a store with a <propfirst> game in the bag   laugh "
at <propmale>'s hpuse playing his sexy black guitar and playing the wii 
"finally home!!!! man, amazing day today with <propmale>! went to newport, saw the other guys, bought an album at fye, bought a wii nunchuck, it was epic  now i got a headache from too much partying    laugh "
people keep asking me how tall i am and i reply to them with one word: sleep 
i so need to get another who album  i was thinking of quadrophenia probably 
"like this status and i'll write a letter to you about what i like, dislike, favorite memory, and a confession   smile "
"i hate books  they should be murdered, except picture books  they're quite amusing "
which new jersey band is better? bon jovi or the <propmale> brothers?? i go for bon jovi 
all in all is all we are 
"i'm on <propfemale> 40 of my 371 <propfemale> summer book  so in mathematical terms, i'm on one-ninth and a half <propfemale>s into this book  ugggggghhhhhhh!!!!! i gotta read 4 more   procrastination is a real sob in the end "
can we pretend that <propfemale>- no! stfu!!!
"i love the shamwow guy  if i had a top 5, he'd be #2  jesus is #1 "
"im so dazed right now!  sad  i was having one of the most amazing, longest, most insane dreams of my whole life and my mom suddenly woke me up  you have no idea what you're doing for like 5-10 minutes  gotta love people!"
i don't want school to start!!! i've learned more from the discovery and history channels than from school and that's a true statement for all you haters!  laugh 
"like this status if you still didn't do your reports, or read any books "
"two, four, six, eight, who do we appreciate?! jesus!! jesus!!! what else is new? ah  the holy cross days   smile "
people say tight skinny jeans are fashionable  do you know what else is fashionable? blood clots 
the yankees are owning detroit 
"i now realized that our class was the last class of 2 hcs teachers      wahhhh!!!!!! i hate \the man\"" """
i love happy people   smile 
the sun is blinding outside 
spongebob is on!!!!!!
drumming is so overrated  you really have skill if you could mind-drum 
"i have over 70 requests, but i'm too lazy to look at them    maybe when it gets over 100 i'll overcome my laziness and look at them "
gonna go to pennsylvania in a couple hours!! 1 week of awesomeness   laugh 
"some people have to grow up and be mature  i'm one of those few who will be immature for my whole lifespan  i, and my others, will be acting like 7 year olds at the age 84  wait til you see it  the normal people would be playing bocce ball, we'd be on el toro "
"on december 21, 2012, when nothing happens, i will find all of you who actually believed this and i will bring a chair, place it right in front of you, sit on it, and laugh at you "
"kids, don't wait until the last week of august to do your reports, wait until the first week of september "
<propmale> is the best  he's the love of my life  over 3 years of happiness   laugh 
a couple of you guys are heaedin off to school today  good luck to all of you peoples   laugh 
"on the count of 3, we all shout huzzah  1   2    3     huzzah!!!!!!!"
"doing my vocabulary and questions for night  as you can see, i mean it when i say do things at the last minute  let us all thank god for the marvelous gift of procastination  amen "
"4 out of 9 drawings!!!! p-r-o-g-r-e-s-s  for some of you, you might call it l-a-z-i--n-e-s-s "
where has summer gone? r i p 
came backl from hours of staying with my mom and grandpa at a doctor's office and then going to renew his social security card  what a nightmare this was 
"i have solved one of the biggest mysteries of all time!!!!! spongebob's age is 24!! he was born in july, 1986 "
"the shows they're putting on tv nowadays are getting worse and worse  what happened to the even stevens? <propmale> of the future, rugrats, all grown up, <propmale>'s declassified, <propfirst> neutron, <propfirst> bravo?  sometime during this year, i am going to take a week off and just sit down, and watch every single episode of my childhood "
r i p  to all the poor people that died in 9 11   sad 
good morning bikini bottom!!!!!!  laugh 
is runnin' with the devil 
like this status if you have a dog  because you're just that cool 
176 days of school left  interesting 
am i the only person who isn't nocturnal here?
pump up the jam!!!
i love storms!!!! i wanna run outside!  laugh 
"in the time of chimpanzees i was a monkey  butane in my veins and i'm out to cut the junkie, with the plastic eyeballs, spray paint the vegetables  dog food stalls with the beefcake pantyhose  kill the headlights and put it on neutral "
block party tomorrow!!! woooh!!!! this <propfirst>'s my 10th straight year  the terrace place block party is legendary 
"hehe, i showed my mom all the symptoms of adhd from wikipedia, since i have all of those, and she's in shock  i framed the paper for her to remember this marvelous occasion "
"the block party was beyond epic  one of the higlights of the day was when me, <propfirst>, and kyrsten went tea tasting  <propfirst> quit after 1-2 cup  kyrsten and i drank every tea  they all tasted so very terrible "
"if i can't focus in school tomorrow, i'm going to blame the insane amount of partying i did yesterday   and all that tea too "
my name is <propfirst>  nice to meet you  how are you? that's a phrase i will never say in my life for i do not know the meaning of maturity yet  i think it's a fruit  possibly scottish 
i'm bored  i shall play on my invisible drum set 
is eating mini apple pie bites 
"my classmates were wondering why i have more muscle on my right arm, and left arm looks like a twig  i have a reasonable answer for that  i usually practice drumming daily, and when i get really into it, i start having spaz attacks and doing drum solos everywhere, i lead with my right hand  i get a <propmale> workout from hitting random stuff "
"i'm motivated, yeah yeah!!! i'm gonna do what i can cause, i'm motivated, yeah yeah!!! i'm motivated to learn! i love songs like these  brings out the inner child "
you have epic lungs if you're able to say the our father in one breath without rushing  huzzah!!
"for some reason i'm still always happy whenever i get yelled at, even if the person yelling at me is ready to hit me with an iron golf club  there's something in my brain that tells me it's no big deal  my favorite part is when they're all mad and they're face is red, and i'm just goofing off in the background talking gibberish, my native language "
"this afternoon, my level of laziness has evolved  it takes too much work to get my mouth to talk,so i just mumble and slur my words "
like this status and i'll write a poem for you 
"did you know happy people will live longer than those who are serious or hateful, etc  the reason being is because when you're either mad, doubtful, and stuff like that, your blood pressure rises, and when you're older could lead to some not so nice things happening to you  mentally, and emotionally, i will forever be a 7 year old   laugh "
"i hadn't heard any new nickelback songs lately  rockstar's still my favorite song, though   laugh "
it's so nice to see new jersey's skies clear again   smile 
i've just discovered that belleville has a recording studio  yayyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!! i always wanted to cover pants on the ground 
"i hate perfectionists so much  every little thing has to be perfect and precise with them  pssh!!! be non-perfectionist, it's funner   laugh "
"is having an insult contest with <propfemale> rodrigues , while <propfemale> <propfemale> baybiie is just watching "
"<propfemale> rodrigues , i have whooped you <propfemale> <propfemale> baybiie , thanks to us, you now have your longest status ever  what a day!"
this is the time of day all school students fear most     sunday night  surprise 
"twilight is the most ridiculous movie i have ever saw  the ending, mostly   <propfemale> has like a lip seizure when talking to <propfirst>  e-e-e-e-ed-w-w-w-ward  oh, and <propmale> looks like someone who's at the wrong tribal village  the dancing with a cast part was really interesting  if she tripped    goodbye   and <propfirst> is not a vampire  his skin glows and he lives in the <propmale>  he's a <propfemale>, damn it!!!"
3 day weekend! yaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this week was so slow  had to make it pass quickly by getting in trouble with my accomplice who shall not be named 
"i love insane people  they make the world go round, no?"
according to itunes: nickelback- rockstar   played: 94 times 
happy birthday <propfirst> lennon!!! say hi to <propfemale> for me!!!! r i p   love   smile 
"soap got in my eyes    twice!!!  crying  but we gotta enjoy life, think positively  now my eyes are nice and clean "
like this status if i had ever made you laugh or smile at least once   smile 
"right when school ended, i got in trouble for something i was not even involved in  so when the toner in the copier is suddenly missing, am i suspect #1? how about when someone loses their lunch box? maybe when train a doesn't go faster than train b, i'll be blamed for that too? jesus is on my side, haters "
"mr  <propmale> springsteen keeps telling me that i was born to run  i went outside running, when i discovered how cold it was, i ran back inside  i was born to sit down  people shouldn't take songs literally now     i've learned my lesson "
i'm getting tired of school  teachers are just cleverly recycling things we learned as kids  math could go crawl in a ditch and die 
i'm quite bored    like this and i'll write you a random poem?
"this morning, we had a fire drill, while we were outside we saw this bumble <propfemale>  i was just standing there watcing the guys talk about stepping on it  when we were going back in, anders stepped on it, then a lower grade teacher told our teacher  just because we do stupid things automatically means i was involved  once again, suspect #1  two could play at this game "
"don't deny that you're reading this  yeah, i see you "
"effects of eating cookie crisps: leaving scrapes on the roof of your mouth and lips  other effects included stupitidy, random yelling, breakdancing in serious situations and the urge to say <propmale> <propmale> jokes  call a doctor if you start having interests in soap operas, for this may lead to a more serious disease "
my mom's afraid i'm going to die doing something stupid  i agree 
people think of me as lazy  do you know how much effort i have to put into typing this status? be grateful 
"you're calling me old?!?, your parents probably had their yearbook signed by jesus!!!"
most of my haters are above the age of 20  this is fantastic!!!!
me + <propfirst> de castro = all hell broken loose   
who's happy? me!  laugh 
"i was walking up midland ave  this lovely morning to go to school, and what do i see on my left? a girl in short shorts      who wears short shorts in like 40-50 degree weather?! i didn't know hypothermia's the new thing now  my bad "
the ring ceremony was quite dandy if i do say so myself  i think i broke a record for most pictures taken with me eating cake in the background 
"had a dream that he was in this mystical <propmale>  once i came out, i found out that i was in china     then i got transported to this desert riding a jeep  i made a stop at a local store to buy some pop-tarts  they only sold one per packet      "
"people are always baffled by my variety of knowledge, and then they say to me, \why didn't you ever tell us?!?\"" i reply \""you didn't ask \"" their faces are priceless """
"<propfirst> andrade , <propfemale> kilduff , <propfirst> jerkin' manzano , <propfemale> fernandes , <propfirst> bowen , <propfirst> novis  ,         good morning to all of you!!!!!!!  laugh  have a lovely day   smile "
i have affected my friends with a very dangerous disease      stupidity  it's amazing how fast it catches on   surprise 
tomorrow school begins      ugh  gotta think what antics i'm gonna do this week  i'll need a pair of skiis and grape jelly 
i am so tired i am about to collapse and just sleep on the floor  i'm not picky 
"telling me to pick up something is the equivalent of telling me to run a mile, i will do neither "
"people should just grow up and mature!! just kidding, who does that? there is no limit on what you can and can't be, and right now i'm a rhino snorkeling in the great barrier reef "
"so the retreat is tomorrow     i swear, if we don't sing the lion sleeps tonight, hell will unleash   laugh "
"i'm quite forgetful  the other day i spent about 30 minutes looking for my other drum stick, until i realized it was in my hand  oh, silly me   laugh "
happy halloween!!!!!! yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
today was quite an awesome day   laugh 
"who needs books to study?!? pssh!! i got the history, discovery, and travel channels on my side, haters "
believes that he should be cloned before he dies so he could show his great great great great great great grandkids how to party like it's 2005 
doesn't want to do c surprise ps tomorrow!! waaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
believes that humans are capable of flying 
"alright, the c surprise ps are today!! let's do this!!! i'm not scared of multiple sheets of paper with questions on them!!!!!"
is attempting to read a book  who knew green eggs and ham was so long?!?
"my immune system is so godly!! yesterday, i got tremendously sick in the afternoon, but in less than 24 hours, i'm back to normal! instead of antibodies, i have <propmale> norrises fighting off the sickness  thank you "
"megamind was the most amazing movie i have seen for such a long time  right when i heard that first note to welcome to the jungle, serious stuff was about to go down   surprise "
"my grandmother has not stopped talking complaining arguing since 8 in the morning  instead of sending murderers to jail, send them to my grandma, they will most definitely regret their actions "
is baking a cake because he is so hardcore   laugh 
thank god it is friday!!!! god decided to slow down the week for us as revenge for telling <propmale> <propmale> jokes   
the weather is so happy today!!!!!  laugh 
"is going to attempt the assigment that has a hatred towards him  if i'm not in school tomorrow, i most likely broke my leg from kicking the wall from impatience  how could things so very <propfemale> be so very evil?!? god: 873, julio: -49"
"although i am tall in the us, in soviet russia i am considered a midget "
alright!!! i got like a thousand assignments that are due tomorrow!! let's do this!!!!! i'm motivated!!!!!
"tomorrow, multiple teachers are going to be laughed at   laugh "
"i'm so glad this week has ended  if we get another bloody week full of thousands of assignments, a fork will be lodged in someone's arm "
the qp games were quite awesome  our team was so amazing that we sat out on the next round due to overe playful osure of awesomeness 
i finally have the blessed opportunity to see dark side of the rainbow! guess who's going to have nightmares tonight? me!!  laugh 
"i'm attempting to see how long i could hold my breath  right now the record is 1 smile 6  i'm practicing so when nasa sends me on a secret mission, and aliens blow up my ship, i'll survive!"
"in soviet russia, you don't fry bacon, bacon fries you!"
"    school of rock is going to be on in like 12 minutes     i'm doing my science homework    god is testing me, bring it on! throw hail my way if you have to!! i will pass your test!!!!!"
happy thanksgiving to my wonderful friends and family!!!  laugh  i'm saying this early just in case i go into some food-induced coma sometime during the day   laugh 
"i feel like a fat pig that has just devoured another fat pig, with some ice cream      loved it "
it's amazing how i ate about 6-7 pounds of food yesterday and i barely even gained anything  there is only one logical e playful lanation for this  i am related to a tree 
i feel that today is the day that i will clean the whole house just for fun!!! mommy's going to be proud   laugh 
"i swear, if i see one more damn teenage girl either texting or talking during a movie, i will take their cellphone, step on it, and light it on fire, put the fire out, and throw the ashes in their eyes!!!! other than that, the movie was awesome   laugh "
why is tomorrow monday?!? i don't want to go back to school!!! that means i have to do 45 minute intervals of doing nothing       what would jesus do? teleport to his house 
"you get the most insane feeling when you hear led zeppelin's \rock and roll\"" on the radio while driving in the car  it's like peanut butter just discovered jelly for the first time """
"i am so super duper happy that the week ended!! schedule for weekend: sleep  morning nap, pre-lunch nap, noon nap, early afternoon nap, late afternoon nap, pre-evening nap, evening nap, late evening nap, then party until another nap is needed "
"ah, today is my insane grandmother's 82nd birthday!! giving new meaning to insanity since 1928! oak doesn't fall far from oak tree   laugh "
"oh my gosh, <propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory is on tonight!!! i feel like the shoe that hit <propfirst> bush   victorious  my prayers are being answered  still waiting for <propmale> <propmale> to be on oprah, god "
the reason <propfirst> bonham and <propfirst> <propfemale> died was because god wanted drum lessons 
alrighty  i see tomorrow is friday  the day on which we fry 
"the little drummer boy is a lie! we watched the nativity today, and i did not whatsoever see a little boy drumming  the ox and lamb did not keep time either  who wrote this song? he and i have to sit down and have a little discussion  this little drummer boy is quite baffled "
"my arm is still super incredibly numb from arm wrestling yesterday at lunch  to be honest, that was the most work i've done all week  most likely all of december "
i am so completely depressed  it feels like my life has been sucked away  tomorrow's monday 
"if people could tell someone's age by how they act, i'd be a really tall 5 year old "
"since my family consists of like 86% women, my shampoo options are unbelievable "
"yay!! in 7 days it's christmas, 6 days christmas <propfemale>, 4 days until our break, and one day 'til i start complaining that in 2 days it's monday   laugh "
alrighty  bought my mommy a christmas gift  the wrapping looks like i was having a seizure while doing it  christmas spirit!!  laugh 
"i remember there was a day where i just stared at the sun for literally 15 minutes  nothing happened, really    except everything i looked at was purple  i should walk into school tomorrow after staring at the sun for 20 minutes  rainbow!!!!!"
"yay, tomorrow is christmas!!! i'm going to dress up as <propfemale> with my beard and hat, and wake up my mom  nothing starts off your christmas like a panic attack "
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i was about to say that i wanted it to snow hard so that we wouldn't have to go to school on monday     until i realized we were on break  i could finally hibernate without someone waking me up!!! goverment, depriving children of sleep since the 1960s "
the snow is beyond po'd  it's trying to assassinate us 
i've got blisters on my fingers!!!!
and people ask me why i'm insane  my father is the one yelling at the stereo system trying to match his yell with <propfirst> lennon's yell  help! is the perfect album for your dad to have a freakout on   laugh 
"do you know what idea just came to my mind?! i'm going to pogo stick off a <propmale>, hoping that when i touch the floor, i'll rocket back up even higher  if that doesn't work, see you at <propfemale> maass "
"thank you jimi hendrix  thank you for bloody waking me up at 3:42 in the morning  no, i do not want to stand next to your fire "
"dear 2010, \it's been a great year  i've met awesome people and i've e playful erienced amazing events and moments  i am looking forward to 2011  i am ready for god to give me the key to unleash hell  the reason for that is because nj is quite chilly, we need some warmth  happy new year's to everybody! laugh                \                                                                                   sincerely, <propfirst>  laugh "
"these people on jackass are so creative, i cannot even e playful ress it in words "
"it'd be so amazing if someone could build a time machine  so when we finish eating dinner, we could teleport back to when dinner started and eat again  now you know not to eat the bread with that fuzzy stuff on it that you thought was cheese "
"well everybody said about the bird  bird bird bird, bird is the word!!  laugh "
"today has been a rather productive day  i took this wonderful quest  i rolled all the dice, and in the end, i have been slaughtered by a level 245 dwarf master  his name was math of matics "
so me and my laddies went over to the church to help father <propfirst>  nothing screams christianity like taking down nearly 7 foot pieces of plexiglass 2 inches away from your neck down icy steps  twice  laugh 
"for about 20 seconds, i thought i woke up narnia "
did ever wonder what a lightsaber could be used for besides chopping people? perhaps a nifty tool to cut the carrots for dinner  defend grandma from rabid dogs in the street  use it to light up a dark room  perform root canal with a lightsaber 
"you know how cheetahs dash after their prey at 65 mph? i do the same thing when there's only one pop-tart left, but faster "
"yesterday in social studies we were debating if aliens were real or not, then crop circles got mentioned  one of my classmates said girl scouts made them  why would girl scouts go out in the middle of the night stomping on farmers' crops?! to show the aliens they now sell double chocolate chip cookies?"
it's lovely to see new jersey's weather not acting bipolar with us  i'm going to go outside and insult the sky  hopefully it'll respond with snow 
"i am satisfied with our weather lately  snowing on the days that we want it to  thank you, god, you now allowed me to hibernate without interruption "
"i appreciate every single person who has the time to properly spell their words  b cuz if u tok lik dyz, you are committing p h  - punctuation homicide "
"ok, so i have forgotten that we had to do our 700-800 word essay  i shall show you the true meaning of last minute skill  later, though  not now "
people complained about bush when he was president  well listen  you never vote for a person who's last name is a plant 
"if you see a snowman walking up to another snowman and shaking its hand, you are either, a: witnessing a miracle, or b: heavily medicated "
save the jasbee!!!!  population: 1
"when i'm bored, i pace back and forth  when i'm masively bored, i slouch on a chair and do nothing  when i'm massively massively bored, i go out of my way to find someone to bother until it's no longer amusing  when all else fails, sleep "
"mother nature, i understand you are mad and very moody, but please take out your frustration on antractica, not us  the penguins miss your storms "
"let's think of the weather as a screwdriver, and us as pieces of wood  we knew eventually that we were gonna get screwed "
why did the cook get arrested? for beating an egg 
"you put your right foot in, you take your right foot out, you put your right foot in, and you shake it all about  you do the hokey-pokey and you turn yourself around  that's what it's all about!!!!"
i believe sleeping should be considered a religion since many people practice and worship it a lot 
"ozzy osbourne made my day  \what's a bieber?!\"""""
"on the bottom of our progress reports, it says that our principal's name is deboran  that sounds like the name of a pokemon  deboran, i choose you!!!!!! water blast!!!!!!!"
"if i were to ever run 15 <propmale> straight, it's because someone told me there's an unopened box of pop-tarts at the end "
"whenever someone tells me to act my age, i just giggle "
"my right leg has been in pain for like a week and a half  i have reason to believe that aliens broke into my house at night, and shot my leg with a gamma <propfirst> as a warning  the only logical answer there is!!"
"i remember in 6th grade, we had to take care of these damn little demonic realistic robot babies  my baby was a <propmale> drama <propfemale>  on the night of the grammies, i was taking care of him, and then suddenly he decides it's the ideal time to cry for 15 straight minutes  i eventually hit the thing in it's head and it shut up  just in time before they announced the nominees "
"in reading class, we have been developing fruit and vegetable jokes because we had this much time  fruit improv "
i have mastered the <propmale> of sleeping with my eyes open  alleluia 
"at morning assembly, someone better take out their lighter and yell \play free bird!!!!\"""""
"once you think of it, memory loss is such an amazing thing to have  you only remember important things  it's like kid friendly wite out!!  laugh "
nyc was so awesome today  our tour guide reminded me of dr  house and <propmale> wonka for some reason 
i think i'm about to cry  my <propfemale> pop-tarts have finished  r i p 
this morning i had the most demented dream ever  it was <propmale> potter meets the exorcist meets call of duty   
what the hell happened to our sun? was this like a limited time offer?!
"i love it how when something bad happens to someone, they blame their race and accuse you of racism  picture you got a 63 on your test  is it because you're hispanic? no! it's because you didn't study "
"whoever does not like kids' parks have <propmale> problems  i enjoyed riding the rocket ship, even though i was 15 times bigger than the thing   laugh "
"if my memory serves me correctly, today is monday "
i gave my sister the remaining cinnamon buns i had left  for it is righteous to share thy buns with thy neighbor 
"on the way home, i saw this little group of birds attempting to drive their heads into the ground repeatedly  they were not ostriches, just birds who stumbled into an elderly woman's medicine cabinet "
i laugh at everyone who got sick  that's why you have to drink your damn orange juice like your parents tell you to  ha!  laugh 
mother nature is so moody  she's been crying all weekend long  she found out the green giant was seeing other plants    
"okay, so i decided to try my hand at call of duty, since that's what the young and hip kids are into nowadays  my playing is a nightmare's nightmare    i went temporarily blind "
"i cannot e playful ress in words how happy i am that is friday, so that is why i am currently writing a 6-act play based on how happy i am  it shall be called \friday\"""""
"today walking home, my sister and i saw the most hardcore thug of all time  this dude was 6 feet tall, and he was wearing a black cape-like coat  and in his left pocket he had a 2 liter bottle of orange soda which he took out and drank "
"when my mother calls and i don't answer the phone, she'll leave a voicemail  when my grandmother calls and i don't answer, obviously i''ve been kidnapped and held hostage "
"to any of my classmates from whom i've borrowed a pen and or pencil from, and eventually lost within 10 minutes, i will get all of you guys $50 gift cards to staples  we're are going to have a shopping spree  least i could do for making you lose 2 3 of your total items "
so one of the 7th grade teams got a bye in the qp games today  i believe it was a good thing  we wouldn't want anyone dying from awesomeness overdose  <propfirst> sheen would not like that 
"it is now spring  i have more time to act like a child  now if you'll excuse me, i have to help <propfemale> find the lost chinchilla  vamonos!!!"
i  love  sleep  and the fact that school seperates us makes me sad  they don't want us to be together  they're jealous of the bond we share 
"back in my day, we had the gameboy  not these fancy ds doohickeys and watchamacallits "
i wonder how new jersey goes from happy <propfem<propmale>e> day to apocalyptic thunder storm within 24 hours  did <propmale> roker predict this?!?
"if laughing causes you to live longer, i'm afraid my sister will outlive me  the reason i'm afraid is because she's going to steal my jokes and use it as her own "
"later on, i will go to the house of the holy  otherwise known as guitar center "
i wish it was friday so i had more time to complain about monday  darn 
kids these days  they're making me look mature 
"i'm gonna get a parrot, name him <propfirst> guiermo da vinci ix  i'm going to teach him to talk on my behalf  he shall be clinged to my shoulder and whenever someone  asks me a question, <propfirst> guiermo da vinci ix will reply \uggggggggghhhhhhh\"" in parrot language """
i love the lollipops they sell in the office  they make my world go round   laugh 
"happy april fool's day!!!! what a lovely coincidence that i happened to be born in april and i happen to act like a fool  this was meant to be! if anyone tries to prank me, run before i find you "
"when i'm alone at the house, i talk to my dog  i have hardcore 30 minute conversations with him  the best part is that he listens, since he has nothing else to do "
"in <propmale>, nj, it is illegal to throw a bad pickle on the ground  guess what i'm doing this weekend?  laugh "
"i believe that it should be mandatory to have naptimes in middle school and high schools  preferably in the afternoon  like an after-lunch naptime  for anyone who doesn't want to sleep, we have a special place for you  it's called the hallway "
"proverb of the day: \it is unwise to mow your lawn with a chainsaw \"""""
"hey pilsbury's toaster strudels, i'm real happy for you and i'mma let you finish, but pop-tarts are one of the best edible objects of all time "
"if i was faced with the choice of eating a plate of vegetables, or strapping meat across my chest and letting rabid dogs <propmale> me, it'd be completely obvious wich one i would choose  i'd choose the safer option: the rabid dogs  duh "
"april showers bring may flowers  after what i just witnessed, their going to bring may floods  build rafts!!!! gather all the local animals and put them aboard!!!"
"i wish i was little  i want to fly to neverland, where no adults are ever ever ever allowed!!!! faith, trust, pixie dust!!!!!!!!!!!"
i wish i had a magical universal remote like <propfirst> sandler  imagine all the havoc i could wreak 
"people keep telling me that pluto does not belong to us and can't be seen  fyi, pluto can be found in <propmale>, florida  the last time i checked, he belongs to us and i have pictures proving that he could be seen  consider yourselves served, haters "
"ladies and gentleman, do not be fooled  beneath this child lies the heart of another child, and beneath that child lies another child  i am a walking day care "
"during my stay in pennsylvania, i have witnessed the true power of ants   if we worked as hard as them, we would be a supernation  but since that isn't real, i will go back to my rock band game "
uggghhhh  i still have work from 2008 that i have to catch up on  time flies when you do nothing 
"so today is my confirmation    thank god i will receive the holy spirit in oil form, because if it were like in the bible, where tounges of fire were to descend on you, i would just assume that i accidentally took one of my grandmother's pills and panic "
"nowadays you see men with a shaved head and glasses  i spotted 4 today  i'm sorry, but looking like ghandi is not my thing "
"the movie for the old man and the sea was the most hilarious i have ever seen  the acting was so bad that it was funny  the most memorable quotes are \i'll get the sardines\"" and \""not even maybe\""  the next 70 minutes was just the old man talking to a fish he had on his line for 2 days straight """
"you know what? if you have a professional invisible drum <propfemale>, make sure to have insurance for it  if you don't, you'll just look stupid  flailing your arms into empty air "
"i'm currently challenging a statue to a staring contest  <propfirst> mcdonald's going down  he just keeps smiling at me, but inside, i am destoying him "
happy mother's day to my wonderful mommy!!! the only person in the world who could actually deal with me!!!  laugh   love 
