fdf8c794f4c1c6651ea3aee32216eb8b
how many days can you live without sleep?
i swear- i'm alive and well    starting a business just takes lots of time  but its going well *fingers crossed* *knock on wood* and all other good luck stuff
oh- and i know <propfemale> is wondering    i'll put up some pictures when i have my own computer all fixed  darn <propfemale>- they're evil 
"just applied for our business tax id number- now uncle <propfirst> can't be mad at us! sorry i'm loopy, only about three weeks till business launch and soooooo much to do!"
"i'm sleepy, feeling icky, my computer still sucks- waiting for other one to get fixed- and i have to clean up my house for a business meeting at 6  i really want to pout a litte, but i'll be good "
i have a love hate thing going on with web design right now  i will get everthing done in time 
"what does it mean when a man brings you wine, roses, candle light? that's right     photo-shoot for the business! day after tomorrow is launch day    is it too late to hide?"
should be sleeping   or i'm going to be crazy lady at the mall throwing candles at people  can i fire myself? why can't i sleep?!
"we're off to see the wizzard, the wonderful wizzard of um    mayfair? that doesn't sound right  darn no sleep, i knew it would make me crazy  if i can move my fingers at like 11 tonight i'll let you know how it went "
"went well, details later    and pictures of facebook lets me, so far its not loading right "
feeling blue today 
i think i have a cold
95% better    just little cough left
 sad  i hate not understanding things 
if one more thing goes wrong in my life before something gets better i swear i'm going crack and it'll take all the <propmale>s horses and all the <propmale>'s men    well you know the rest 
so much on my mind! please send good energy for my mom- need those lumps to be nothing 
ugh- going to be ill
"if you dont like the new fb here is how you can change it back to the old  look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on! it's awesome!"
"is it new years yet? i don't want to skip over chirstmas, but i think life will be way better come new years    at least i hope so "
anyone know someone that wants two pure bred <propfirst> russells? they need a new home former owner's abandoned them! sweet doggies 
its going to be a long couple weeks    oh well 
"my mom's surgery is today    well in the morning- gotta get up at 4 so she can be there by 6 so they can start at 8 and be done by like noon    then recovery for a few hours, then to a normal room    after that back to the house to look after pets and house  yeah, its going to be a very long day  i'd be thankful for good engergy sent this way "
"so far so good-  mom is home, in lots of pain- but healing up "
after the last few days i sooooo owe my mother for taking care of me when i was a kid and home sick     this isn't easy! i'm so behind on stuff its not funny  but they said one week till all healed    so few more days 
"greyhound racetrack in kenosha, wi will be closing on 12 31 09  900 dogs need to be adopted or they will be euthanized  loving and laid-back, don’t need the space people think  they've been crated almost all their lives, they sleep about 18 24 hours a day  just need love and a warm bed  please help me get the word out; we only have 6 weeks to get this task done  greyhound track adoption center - (262) 612-8256"
"hmm     so my vit  d levels are at 8 anything 20 and under is danger level     i think i'll be fixing that now  other then that my check up this week went great   smile  mom is doing okay too, just have to see if they got all the cancer the surgen said they'd know after her rad  pill "
 annoyed 
"this might be too much info    but freaking out a little- dr  called pap was abnormal     need more testing   sad  i  not knowing what's up  most likely nothing, but with mom's thing you know how the mind works "
going to be at rummage a rama this weekend at state fair park     $2 admission with 2 canned goods for hunger task force  help a good cause and get last moment xmas shopping done  *wink wink* candles and lotion make great gifts!
"dr  this morning     then maybe a nap- didn't go to bed till 3 smile 0, got up at 6 "
dr went okay    nap time now- then more work
i''m boycotting salvation army red kettles- i only give to good charities not organized religion in sheep's clothing
"soooo sick of being stuck home     i'm a bad nurse!  sad  at least the tree is up, and only have to be a nurse a few more days"
head hurts sooooo much! feels like there is a little man in my head with an ice pick 
"hmmm      i have things to do- the 22, 23, 24, 25, 26,29,31     that leaves me today, the 27, 28, and 30th  <propmale> it most of it is good holiday stuff- but still going to be a crazy rest of the year "
"finish cleaning, get rest of food, do an airport pick-up, drop off toys, and other assorted things before the 24th     i can do it! but i'm wearing thing on some things- eighty something or not if my \great\"" uncle doesn't lay off bad mothing my mom and dad i'll bring him coal myself!"""
got everything done! now just have to hope bad weather won't ruin the day 
so sleepy- i don't need much sleep but two hours a night wore me out!    but i'll make myself do it one more night- i'm not missing out on xmas <propfemale>!
had a good chirstmas
" sad    frustrated to tears! my mom & i went for an ambulance ride tonight- she fell and spiral fractured her leg  she is in the hospital until they can do surgery on it  i feel horrible for her, and really guilty that i'm worn out from being a nurse for her for the last month and a half- and now i'll have to do it for who knows how long     i'm a horrible daughter but i'm spread soooo thin i can't get it all done "
life sucks
"mom's surgery is done     two rods in the leg! she's going to a rehab center for a few weeks, then she can come home and rehab here  6-8 months till she'll be better  (and no walking at all for the next month  ) *sigh* i'm trying to stay possitive, i am "
if anyone knows where i can get a good yet not e playful ensive recliner let me know  mom needs one for when she comes home in a couple weeks 
ugh     just ugh
please look at my profile pic- from early last year     let me know if you think i should try that red color again or just leave it natural like it is now 
the bad- i fainted from being worn out    the good- i did it at my mom's dr's appointment so there was a dr and soft table right there   smile  i always try to look on the bright side!
old phone broke    new phone is confusing    makes me feel old 
rummage a rama----9 to 4      i'm telling you great deals! plus i hear candles and hand lotion at a fantastic price 
"hmmm, is it sad that i'm looking for forward lost being back on tv?  smile "
"candle news:::: we are no longer making the following scents in order to make room for spring scents, and new stuff     if you want any of them please contact me for discounted prices- they are     peppermint, gingerbread, latte, buttered rum, and frankensence & mryh "
hmmm what's up with the facebook feed?
my computer is broken won't be on much for a couple weeks
dog ate my glasses    i hate when days get a bad start 
is hoping healthcare reform <propmale> is handled well 
 sad    food posioning     not feeling well at all 
i've worked up to ice chips and a popsicle! yay me 
"rummage a rama at state fair park- stop by the booth, mention this post and i'll give ya one of our new products     an organic lip balm (three flavors to pick from)"
thank you all so much!! had a pretty good birthday so far 
my <propfemale> is sick  sad  hope the vets figure it out 
slightly frustrated 
 sad 
"ugh, feeling pulled in all directions! need more time in a day cause i'm pretty sure i can't cut down anymore on sleep or i'll turn into the living dead "
my cousin's baby is joining us sometime today! new little girl for the family 
"yay- welcome to the world <propfemale>, you sure know how to make an enterence "
"personally doing pretty good, business wise busy as hell     all around content  (new business products and locations soon)    ps- congrats to my cousin <propfemale> and <propfirst> on getting married "
made wisconsin chedder soup today for the first time- turned out great 
is starting to miss winter 
"only comfort i have right now is my faith in <propfemale> that one day <propfemale> and my my not so \great\"" uncle <propfirst> will someday have to live through a worse hell then they put my loving aunt through the last year of her life  now that she is dying i will not hold my peace """
" smile  i'm in a good mood  feeling good, mom's leg is starting to heal- and i'm going to festa tonight!!"
"we saw micky dolenz at festa tonight    great time! nice to have some fun, and i can't get \last train to clarksville\"" out of my head """
having a rough week 
"on a business note- we're going to be working on the holiday line soon- so now would be the time to give us any scent ideas for new candles,or lotions "
 sad  too much to do
going to the fair today  and pondering business possiblities 
"my doctor told me today that i need to destress and relax   um, she has met me right? she should know by now life doesn't want to let me do that!"
not so good day 
"what happened to freedom for all? come on fellow americans, don't let me down "
"so stressed    need to relax, anyone know how to do that? i think i forgot "
had a fun weekend    i needed that
feeling sick today
i have no time to be sick     cold germ didn't get the memo   i think even my hair hurts
i'm in a smiley mood    not sure i should be but i am     smile 
"ugh    cold germs regrouping! cough, head ache, and worn out voice "
"\all that you get is all that you gave \"""""
"looking to buy a mini-van or wagon style car, if you know anyone selling let me know  don't be offended but i'm running all cars past my car guy "
"new candle scents for the fall holidays    introducing- pumpkin pie, roasted chestnuts, chirstmas mint, pine <propmale>, and returning from last year gingerbread, and frankincence!\ \we will be at serb hall on oct  3rd, and state fair park on the 9th and 10th  (ps- new products coming soon    stay tuned)"
congrats to my mom and dad- first week of being non-smokers
head hurts so much i think i'm going to cry!
feeling yucky again     thinkin' stresss and lack of sleep 
life sucks
wish i could sleep 
 sad 
can't sleep     this sucks 
having an awsome weekend!!!
weekend now sucks     one day changes a lot- lol    but i think it'll be okay
i had a cold a few months ago     not fair that i get another one!
i have now reached the part of the cold where you wonder if your sinuses are a bottomless pit
"why won't the cough stop?! i'm sleepy, but can't lay down or cough starts worse     curse you sinus drip"
"no sleeping again    why do you hate me cough? i let you go all day long, i deserve the night to rest "
"soooooo sleepy, still coughing- and wondering why these trade shows have to start so early!"
"it's diabetes awareness month  it isn't pink or sexy, it doesn't involve boobs, football players, or cute t-shirts  it's 3am blood sugar checks, needles, low blood sugars, high blood sugars, and the smell of insulin on your hands  that's a diabetics life  repost this if you have or love       someone   with diabetes"
busy day- but that's okay- feeling much better! and last few shows have gone really well  people love our products!
had a pretty good day!
dr  appointment today    have to get up early but worth it- they're never running behind for the first one of the day   smile 
"ugh     december is going too fast! on the plus side business is good, and dr  says my heart is fine, and other then tyroid things are looking good "
time for a new phone soon- screen on mine keeps blinking out  why can't i get a phone to last more then a year?
"colposcopy again this year      remind me not to be worried again, medical stuff scares me "
having a bad case of cabin fever
anyone have a good movie to recommend? got instant netflix thing for chirstmas and don't know what to watch 
why am i not sleeping again at night? ugh   and i have along day tomorrow!
had a wonderful chirstmas and chirstmas <propfemale> 
feeling pulled in too many directions    makes me sad 
happy early new year     hoping for a good year-even if it starts out a little <propmale> 
"so, so, so stressed out  hate it when doggies get sick in the middle of the night  giving it a couple more hours- then if not better to the vet he goes  hoping its just an upset tummy "
why is it okay for people to break promises to me? i'm going to start being way less forgiving!
anyone free for hanging out this week?
love you uncle <propfirst>     going to miss you so much 
i have the strangest nightmares
funeral- a time to <propfirst> a life well lived  and a person well loved  and with time h tears of sadness turn into tears of happy rememberence 
you'll almost never hear me say this but i really dislike <propfirst> vick    so go packers!
"power cord going     new one on the way, but might not be online much for a couple days "
loving pineapple all natural popsickle
am i the only one kinda pulling for the bears?
these early morning dr  appointments have to stop lol    i'm not a morning person and am likely to fall to sleep in the office  oh well wish me luck 
"doctor all done, shopping done,progress on work stuff     i deserve a nap "
"hmm what the hell, my caller id has been doing some weird things that last few days "
hmm why does the chat feture on here keep telling me people are online when they're not? oh well off to catch a little tv
not sleepy- counting sheep no work     on a plus side my mind turns them into dancing sheep with top hats that sing so i'm entertained 
don't you hate having an upset stomach at midnight and having no idea why?
"side salad, homemade broc  cheese soup, sprouted rye bread grilled cheese- and frozen fruit bar to cap it off  nice relazing dinner "
"5am, i see we meet again"
feelin' blue
