3bce836898ffa713fd9f6847588ab360
tttiiirrreeddd n we ran outta propane lol  annoyed 
i just found a dog in my front yard!! lol it's mine now! lol  smile  finally
finally got back on here!! have a <propfemale> christmas everybody!!  smile 
went to work in tha mornin but i was spoused to come in at 5!!! grrr > sad  lol
was at tha dps all day! grrrr lol
i'm sooooo not looking forward to freezin my ass off tomorrow!!!! ahhh! lol
just saw youth in revolt wit tha crew it was             ok  smile 
bowling rocked  smile 
awesomee!! we won 12-0!!  smile  feeling good feeling good lol got 1 in too lol  wink 
american idol      watch it lol
haha we won again fridayy  smile  we some ass kickers! lol
boys soccer game today! woot woot!!
had a ba saturday!! can't wait for tomorrowwww  smile 
spanish homework  sad 
yeeaaa celeb look alike week!  laugh 
vegas for spring break baby!!! l0l
i hate stupid drama that's unnessary  sad 
wow bipolar people lol
tired of this cold weather!!!  sad 
writting my paper       smile ?  sad 
omg! i just found my long lost grandma!!!  smile  this is no joke!
hey somebody how do you remove tabs from your profile? lol
gonna be on varsity track baby!!! lol
i'm home alone     it's pretty scarey  sad 
miriams here!
uhh! so madd! why doesn't formspring work on my computer!!  sad 
omg i hate it <propfemale> people make arguments out of nothing    literally
yall are some real ass friends! lmao [insider]
we just got a 1 in our choir competition! we made choir history!!!  smile  feels so good
i feel dizzy rightnow!! idk why!  sad 
hates fighting with vig about spelling words at 12 in the morning lmao
book review        fml          
dropped my fone in the ocean!  sad  now it doesn't work!
i got a new camera! finally!  smile 
i'm sooo looking forward to late arrival tuesday!  smile 
sweeny <propmale> is the goriest movie i've seen in a while  sad  stupid meat pie song is stuck in my head!!
dang haven't been on here in 5 years!! i missed alot!! lol
choir banquet was fun! got most outstanding <propmale>!! yay me! lol just got one more year to go! i hate how everything goes by so fast  sad 
haha it feels weird not having to study for anything lol can't wait for next week!  laugh 
"i love how u can breath through ur nose better after u burn yourself  sad  \fuck u cookies"
haha just saw just wright haha pretty good haha fuckin friends! lol
super tired    i hate how everything always has to come to an end  sad  oh well just gotta keep moving forward  smile 
carshow was amazing! even if we did get there late  sad  lol check out the pics!  smile   *sorry <propfemale>! i love yew !!  laugh  - j3nny mcgay -
is interested in julliard  smile 
"wow this is gonna be a looonngg 2 weeks =p \can't wait for state this weekend!  smile "
got called up for mall model search tomorrow!! wish me luck!!  smile 
longest day ever  sad  <propfirst> rocked
"mission: save my cat \hope we can fix him  sad "
had a good time with the crew at wings n more lol dam i can't believe u guys are goin off to college lol crazy
i'm finally done with speech! yes! but i still have to go tomorrow gay  sad  got alot goin on right now  smile 
gay facebook wont' let me put up pictures > sad 
haha alright like this status and i'll wall post something i like about you  smile  sounds tough lol
haha me and my mom rescued 3 puppies from the side of the road today! they're so cute! anybody want a puppy? lol college tomorrow  sad  gay
i'm getting tired of college already and this is just my 2nd day haha > sad 
bored in class  sad 
im sick  sad 
wth? i didn't know i had will smith as a friend? haha weirrddd lol  smile 
test fml
chillin with my cute neice lol  laugh 
toy story 3 was off the chain yo!  laugh  ice skating this friday who wants to come!?!?! ask me or <propfemale> for details  smile 
my computer has a virus!! its completely useless now! this sucks!!  sad 
had an ok poker night!! wish i couldve gotten 3rd place  sad 
"me: have you gotten your frog yet?\miriam: no i need like 1 more day or 2 more days\thought to self: \who starts a conversation with 'have you gotten your frog?' \"" \",3bce836898ffa713fd9f6847588ab360,"so i'm driving home and its pouring down like hell and this guy decides to be a badass and race down the freakin turning <propfirst> for like half a mile and i'm like right next to him\haha i'm so lucky  laugh "
had fun ice skating today!! blisters suck though  sad 
i wish my frozen slushie would melt faster so i can drink it  sad 
fuck! theres a hole in my slushie!  crying 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=shzdsfibbfc
"\i will fight a homeless person!!\"" lmao"""
having no school and work tomorrow feels fucking great!!! too bad the good things never last long enough  sad 
bowling friday! who wants to come!?
"powers out  sad  anybody that knows me should come to my house rightnow\lets party  wink "
"32 people online and i can't talk to them \stupid im"
"call me crazy but im actually starting to like doing my homework\ sad !!! \i guess after doing something so much you grow to like it? lol"
new caney high school has a wikipedia <propfemale>? wth? lol
 love 
"wow \my dad just did not say \assoholic\"" \",3bce836898ffa713fd9f6847588ab360,fml  sad 
pulling another all-nighter  laugh  lol
its great having the family over  smile  its fun to watch how hilarious we are together lol
it feels fucking great to finally be done with these summer classes!!
haha i'm loving my senior year so far  smile 
"my moms advice for the day: \the only way to get a guy to not like u is if ur a  crazy psycho bitch and then theyll stay away from you\""\",3bce836898ffa713fd9f6847588ab360,feels good not having to worry about anything  smile 
haha holy crap 49 posts in one day!!! lol that's the most i've ever gotten! thank u guys <propfemale> much thank god for facebook right? lol jk love yall  smile 
sup facebook
my phone finally works now im gonna get ready to go back to my prision  sad 
thank god i'm off today! they'd tried to make me work but after working 10 days i'm having my damn friday and saturday off  wink 
wow traffic just stopped to let a stray dog go by people actually have hearts  smile  and no im not txting while driving!!
"one kid in my class: \hey were going to zoo for our field trip \""\",3bce836898ffa713fd9f6847588ab360,i feel like i've been cut off from the world lately lol being on here reminds me of how much free time i actually used to have  sad  lol
roadtrip to south padre baby!!!! were gonna try and be safe everybody  smile 
were finally here on the island! were just waiting to check into our room  smile 
one of the most beautiful days ive seen in a long time  smile 
