cc983cc0a8cd79529e945e8afc82ffdd
whew!! nothing's wrong!  but i have to have another mammogram in february to make sure 
nothing 
"i have a cold, but i feel better than yesterday   and happy birthday to the hubby!!!"
"let's see, i've had a cold, a stomach bug, a flat tire, and now a locked-up alternator and broken belt (because of the locked-up alternator)   happy birthday to me!"
"happy that my car now works, happy that i have a new laptop cord that didn't cost an arm and a leg, wish i had more moolah, but what can ya do?"
"working on thanksgiving 7am to 2pm, yuck!!  oh well, at least i won't have to <propfemale> around at home "
"alternator belt broke - again - 3rd time i believe   this time it was as i was driving home   so, my car's stuck at tractor supply in stillwater   why does this keep happening?"
<propfirst>'s not coming home for christmas   he wants to e playful erience tokyo's new years   sigh 
"a third new belt, some other new belt, and my car is back on the road   so far, no belt slippage   we'll keep our fingers crossed "
omg!  i have the day off!  i have to get out of the house!
"you know, when your brakes are past the squealing phase, into the metal grinding on metal phase, maybe you should get your brakes worked on and not wait til the shoe falls apart and you have no brakes to get them fixed   but it's all good now    and i have 2 days off together and i can get out of my yard!"
happy new year!!
"the hubby's asleep and the dogs want to go out   again   i'd like to sit and veg   well, dog's win   yes, i am whipped by my dogs "
"i hate winter!!  i hate having to wipe off wet carts!  i hate having to drive home in snow on unplowed roads!  and why is it that people \staying home\"" end up at wal-mart?"""
i still hate winter!  i'm now stuck in my driveway   we'll see if i can get out before i go to work tomorrow!
yay!!  have paid off 2005 taxes and still have a bit of refund left over!!
"you know, i really ought to be doing laundry, and yet, here i am "
a day off and (a little) money to burn!  wahoo!!!
"woo hoo!!  saturday!!!  well, mine anyway  yeah!!"
aaaah!! just starting vacation!  too bad i'm too poor to do anything!
just finished the girl with the dragon tattoo   awesome!!
going to see <propmale> mortenson's lecture in <propfirst> today!  i'm stoked!
"i have just got home from <propmale> mortenson's lecture   awesome!!  learned that oklahoma's pennies for peace programs collected $17,000!  his lecture was very dynamic, he had a hand-held <propfirst> and was constantly on the move   his lecture was about an hour, maybe a little more   and then, and then    he signed books and stuff!  i got my book, stones into schools signed!! yay!!"
"oh, and being shy really bites!  i could barely say a word while he was signing (scribbling) my book   it was kind of embarassing "
one project - done!!  next project - well started!!
"last day of vacation   i must be weird, because i am sooo ready to go back to work!"
i'm feeling sorry for myself because my son is in japan and busy getting his ship ready to go wherever   i also feel stupid for feeling sorry for myself 
"oh, yeah and tomorrow is mother's day "
tired of tv weathermen reporting on tornados barely in the state!
i guess i'm just sad 
"i feel better than yesterday!  yay!  close to finishing another project, one on deck, two still in the planning stage   all i need is more yarn!!"
"happy lost finale day!!  in less than 2 hours, i'll be on my rear for 3 hours!"
aaaakkk!!! rain!!
happier than yesterday!!
i've decided to add taking the train thru europe to my pitifully small bucket list 
heard from my son today!!
also on the bizzaro front i saw my sister's ex - yes <propfirst> gower! - at h&h gun range!  said he's retired from tinker and working there a coupld of days a week   geez when did he get old?
"well i figured out why i've been extra tired lately   it hit me like a brick last night:  i've caught a cold   tired, scratchy throat, stuffy nose, the works   now if i can knock it out in two days!"
"not near 100%, but i feel better than yesterday!!"
my dog peed on my husband's pants so i put them in the washer   i also washed his car keys   i feel like such a moron   sad 
"i heard from my son today!  he's floating around on his ship, bored out of his mind, what should i send him as a care package?!"
"i saw toy story 3 yesterday, awesome!!  i cried, and cried, and cried   and cried somemore   credits are must see!"
"it's my day off, too!!  what will <propmale> world do?!"
it's kinda hard to type with a cat lying on your chest 
"i heard from my son, somewhere out in the pacific around japan or korea or so   he's sad and mopey   i need to send him a care package!  i wish i had more money "
aaaand $400 later i have a new timing belt and water pump   sigh 
"thanks to my mother-in-law, i have a new phone!!  charging now!!  spiffy!!"
another project done!!  it looks great!
<propfemale>'s project done!!  looks pretty good!
i'm at home   i'm kinda sad   i have a mammogram in about an hour   yay 
"all is well, boob-wise!  i'm still minorly sad "
"a rainy, gray day "
aaackk!  thinning bones and high cholesterol!
for gosh's sake it's 5am!  go back to sleep!
"yay!!! dsl is up and running!  yay for quick, cheap internet surfing!!!"
"thank you, guys!!  i'm getting <propfemale> eyed!"
thank you everybody!!  it's so wonderful to be remembered!
"i've just picked up my new glasses   i'm getting a slight headache   not as bad as when i first got bifocals, though   transition lenses!  yay hsa!!!"
"sigh, kinda sad "
off on thanksgiving!!  holla!!
unhappy with my new shift   sad 
life may not suck after all!
"my sister's having an artery \roto-rooted\"" today   be safe!!!"""
"i'm sad and i have a headache, but it's the 1st and i'm not at work, so it's not all bad!!"
"oh, and i got my son's think geek catalog in the mail yesterday!!  yay!!"
i need to get ready for work   11a to 8p today - bizarre!
"my life isn't bad, so why am i sad?"
got shrek ears at my walmart!  happy!
<propmale> from cordillera (whatever) called me today and told me what i already knew   sad face 
am i appreciated?
"laptop is getting boogered   getting <propfirst> for some letters   having to hold down function key   letters u,i,o,p,j,k,l and m   geez  wish i had money for a new one!"
i am totally addicted to cityville!!
yay!!  i figured out how to de-toggle the kepad!!
i've decided it's time for a haircut!  what should i get?
woke up at around 5 smile 0 this morning to walk the dogs   was having a weird dream - wondering why they never found ruins of the colossus of rhodes in the ocean   bizarre!
"i'm trying not to be sad   i'm not going to be sad!!  in other news, i watched inception today - freakin' great!!"
i have an iphone 3gs!!  yay!!
tired of being stupid 
"car parts won't be in until wednesday, so power steering fix has to wait until next week!"
no snow yet!!
7pm  really cold  that's all 
"8pm  cold  <propfemale>  that's all   oh, and the cape is stupid "
"10pm  really, really cold  really, really <propfemale>  just walked dogs and cats - i might have seen 1 flake  and so to bed "
"watching \how to succeed in business without really trying\""  awesome!!"""
"watching \starman\"" on crackle com  great movie!!  not real convinced i'm getting put of the yard tomorrow  we'll see """
going stir crazy!!  i need to get out of the house!!  i hate winter!!
i made it to work!!  yay!!
"ok, time to see if i can get out of the yard without waking up the hubby   signs point to no "
"two things:  1 my car's not ready yet, the mechanics say they won't be in tomorrow, and 2, it's started to snow now   ick to both "
just walked the dogs  about 3 inches so far  now i'm going back to sleep  if i can 
pancakes and bacon and diet dr pepper for breakfast!  yum!!
"another bacon, pancake, and diet dr pepper day  another day i can't get out of my yard  i hate winter!!"
yay!!  my car is fixed!!  now if i can get down my road!!
yay!!  i got out of my yard!!  yay!! i got down my road!
what kind of goofus am i?  i just realized i could put my paltry cd collection on miphone!
"i think i'm going to see a movie  maybe \the <propmale>'s speech\""  i don't know what else  trying to stave off the darkness inside me """
"ok, it's been two months since i last heard from my son  it feels like forever "
"ok, walking in the park with dogs  almost fell twice, bubba's leash broke (again - zip-ties are a <propfemale>) while he was straining to get to another dog, so, took ziva off her leash (she doesn't run away, she just wants all the other people to love her, too), put it on bubba and declared the walk over  unfortunately, i was a ways away from my car  sigh "
last 1099 here!  taxes done!  thank you turbo tax!
i think the honda civic gx (the natural gas car) is now on the top of my list!!
"2 days off!!  what to do, what to do?!"
anybody else have problems loading ravenwood fair?  it keeps saying i have it open in another window 
"oh, i got my son's navy pictures today!  who wants one?"
saw a message from my ex on the uss gw <propfemale>  he hasn't heard from <propfirst> either  will tell me if he does 
sad  trying not to crash 
looked at my son's <propfemale>   he told a friend he's fine  i kinda went off  doubt if i hear from him now  but i know he's fine 
"heard from <propfirst>!!  he said he was down and didn't want me to worry!!  i told him not hearing anything was worse, and i was going to worry anyway  sigh of relief!!"
"ok, i'm not usually impulsive, and i usually put myself last, but i bought myself an ipad2!!  i used my tax refund!!  of course everybody and their brother wants one too, so i won't get it until roughly late april, but i'm getting an ipad!!"
oh my god!!  the goths on the amazing race annoy the piss out of me!!
<propfemale> <propfirst> has died  i thought she was older than 79  sad face 
