a9d2561d1901ff143a7a3f3d39940afe
"work day finished   time to go for my orientation at animal friends   got a call from core   completely passed first round of testing for kidney donation   oh, and starting a new business venture as a scentsy consultant   busy woman!"
"five deadly words used by women - 1  fine: this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are right & you need to shut up   2  nothing: this means something, and you should be wary    3  go ahead: this is a dare, not permission; don't do it!    4  whatever: is a woman's way of saying f- you!    5  that's ok: she wants to think long & hard before deciding how & when you will pay for your mistake "
"::: on friday, facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile <propfemale> of your contacts  it's legal and is mentioned in the fine print when you create your account  to stop this, do the following: click on account, account settings, then click on facebook ads, choose \no one\"" on the drop-down menu and save changes  copy this to let everybody know  :::"""
"to non-pet owners who visit my home  don't complain about my pets  (1) they live here, you don't  (2) if you don't want their fur on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  (3) chances are, i love my pets more than i like you  (4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are family    who are hairy, walk on all fours & don't talk back  ??? re-post if you love your pets ???"
"facebook has 3 new viruses !!!!! #1 ---if you get a notice of a photo tag     do not open it !!! #2--- if you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc   do not open it !!! #3--- a message from your friends via chat saying click this links    do not open it !! top stalkers, who is viewing your profile  these are bad ones and will crash your computer        re post and tell everybody"
"if you wanna make the world a better place\take a look at yourself and then make the change\you gotta get it right, while you got the time\'cause when you close your heart\then you close your mind - mj"
"just came homw from my first day volunteering with animal friends   i was thrilled to find out that the one akita was marked as one i was permitted to handle!  i ,love those dogs   spent some much needed time brushing a few of the dogs   got to see one dog go to his fur-ever home   yeah, man   that's the good stuff "
