046505a464a69a148a56ee6619067e7f
"the best season of the year is here, time for me to go kill a deer  early morning hunts i dream of these days  now they are here "
"i am cuter and smarter then i thought, can you see it to?"
"another hunting trip for fun, i saw plenty of deer but there is a reason why the deer i was are still alive  the hole point was to get away from the city life, i am strees free for a few days "
"the fun is all over, now it is time to get a job and be responsable  what a shity time to get to work "
"all i need is a job and a good lady, i think one of those are possible "
i miss the fun we use to have now its like we life different lives then what we use to have!
"my best friend will be here today i am so happy, now she can down doad some pics  for me "
i am happy i am a quick learner! now i got pic s on my profile with no help  give me     http annoyed  yearbook com a rde3k?ref=nf
with snow on the ground i don't get why i am sitting here  http annoyed  yearbook com a s278u?ref=nf
happy turkey day!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a sga31?ref=nf
"i like it when bitches can tell a man what they want, it keeps me from looking like a    http annoyed  yearbook com a sihoo?ref=nf"
"the day after thanksgiving is the best, more food  http annoyed  yearbook com a sj3zy?ref=nf"
who is going to have fun in the sun today  i know i am right after i find someone to <propfemale> with 
catch me at barts field
how can i say i need to get laid with out being a creep? http annoyed  yearbook com a smhjr?ref=nf
"what a crazy weekend, it was good but things happened in funny ways  http annoyed  yearbook com a sti7l?ref=nf"
nightgood all talk to you tomarrow  http annoyed  yearbook com a stwcf?ref=nf
weekends suck when you have no $$$ 
"going to bed a lone again, how the hell does the ugly fukas do it? http annoyed  yearbook com a ti4g9?ref=nf"
"so far my day kicks ass, i get to <propfemale> out with my cool sis that i haven't seen in a while  and i am sobber!"
nice day to bad there ain't shit to do!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a u5vbr?ref=nf
the snow is coming!!! that is why i live in idaho http annoyed  yearbook com a uunmy?ref=nf
"i am trashed, and all i have 2 sa  is bla  although  i am gaving fun and this is taking forever  so peace "
"i found out a very important think today, when u have a question in your mind just as    http annoyed  yearbook com a y9ctq?ref=nf"
"love, life, and the riches they bring! http annoyed  yearbook com answer this y9de8?ref=nf&90"
my future and how happy i can be tomarrow  http annoyed  yearbook com answer this y9dg6?ref=nf&cc
"if your dad is, or was, your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad ever; whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he is an angel in heaven  copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him forever    my dad was a hero to a lot of people, but i learned his habits "
unfortunatly <propmale>
"old yeller was the only movie i have ever cried over \ http annoyed  yearbook com answer this zngh6?ref=nf&c1"
"i really need a job, sometimes i want to go hold up a sign, but i can't seem to swoop that low!"
"weired how a greasy power steering pump could be so <propmale>, it makes rebuilding them seem more time consuming  but i goter done "
"life is on the up and up, i just need a job to keep it that way!"
"finely working and getting a life, no need for facebook any more! yes that is a good thing with summer coming quick "
"i just found out why i never got my birth certificte when i turned 18, my mom was sent a sorry letter from the condom insted!!!"
i can finely say i have to go to bed and get up for work in the morning  dame that is a good filling 
