eb58ae54901161c28026e0da3ba87dfc
when will people wake up to the truth?
the energy given by one who takes the time to reccognize a need in others is beautiful and cherished by those who recieve that gift of an understanding word or action 
my horoscope said this was a day of passion and excitement    i think the psychic needs to eat his wheaties before making another prediction 
"who the heck would choose \she'll be commin around the mountian when she comes\"" as their wedding reception intro song? this is a question that has puzzled my people for ages   """
"through all the positive energy, creativity, and love towards others i put out    i still seem to hit points of non-productivitiy that seem to always end up effcting others  i wish i understood how to balance the two out, but when i am in productive mode "
"live live live    if you screw things up, live more!"
monday night is now my favorite night of the week   
ready to write the final chapter and move on to the next universal adventure with my lovely bride and children!
ok     so when they post the tv listings for shows such as m*a*s*h or threes company     on the cable networks they should not feel a need to put 're-run' after them 
its time to wake up world! im back!
"passion is the foundation for all imagination    imagination is the foundation for all creation, and creation is the reason behind every wonder that sparks the core of the soul "
"alright! why the hell when i look at my 'inbox' now, all of a sudden i have to see the email's ive sent???? i mean i go to my inbox to see emails that have come to me  not to see ones that are sent! when will facebook stop changing around every couple fo months? i am disliking fb more and more as time passes!"
life is so exciting! the world is looking smaller and smaller and the universe is looking bigger and bigger! who is going to ride with me! who is going to fly to the farthest reaches of their dreams?
time to put energy in to the things in my life that will truly make a difference and not allow anyone else to dim the light i have to share
"its a time for change, its a time for new worlds to flurish with beauty and bosseming wonder of every dimension  this is the time placed before me now, this is the time i will embrase with great hope for a moment to moment realization and comming alive of my deepest visions "
beauty is on the herizon  love will always flow beyond the boundries of physical structure  as i look onward toward only the depths of my heart are visible  only the truth of my deepest passion moves me forward and allows me to exist
socialvibe com users 490945?engage=true&rs=ob
"you have hold the power with in the core of your being to create new worlds, new hope, and brin greater light to this universe through reaching out in love for the greater good of those around you and abroad"
"there is so much in the universe to discover and yet love is the most obscure and desired journey and treasure, that we all have the power and ability to find and give to one and other, yet so few put aside their selfishness to give it, so they miss the beauty of it when it is infornt of their eyes they are blinded by their own thoughts and ill behavior"
"the movie \my dinner with andre\"" a must must see!      we must wake up!"""
"some friends are there for you when you are down, some are there when they want something or when they themselves are down  some are there just to <propfemale> out and have fun  but true friends are there through it all  true friends are hard to find, and define themselves through the struggles and pain of life rather then when things are easy and happy  when one does find a true friend they are cherrished forever "
"music is light, transformed into a tangible measurement for the heart to appricate, and bask in its warmth and beauty from with in "
sometimes life can overwhelm and distort     but the focus of ones vision must always be the measurement for the reality of thought and feeling
"i hope everyone who is full of light with the purpose of loving others and giving back to the universe, is blessed with such wondeful joy as i have been able to recently e playful erience and will continue to do so throughout "
"i have a vision of you adorned with beauty, every movement of your body generating light, every breath you breathe outward to the world giving off new hope for the future of all beings int he universe    this is a vision you have inspired by the love you have shared from the depths of your soul  its a vision that has touched the soul of my world, and will touch the whole of the worlds beyond for all time that passes "
"i get to go to alabama today!!!! omg! ive never been there    what will it be like    what kinds of new and exciting creatures will my eyes behold  what will be the e playful erience of my heart upon crossing over the threashhold of the state line  what new worlds will become of the depths of this adventure  only one can wonder, and wonder i will "
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
today im reminded of how everyone who is a true hero to others in some way or another has had their motives questioned at some time or another 
"lifes a garden     plant what you <propfemale> to one day blossem into beauty, and then nurture it carefully    along the way there will be thorns, annoying bugs, and maybe even rodants that try to destroy it and take what isnt theirs, but one day you will look out over it and be filled with warmth and joy at all the wonder that has grown   "
"today, i am more sure about my future then ever before! peoples lives will change and light will adorn those who were once cloked in darkness    love and passion will overcome fear and self doupt!"
i feel like some <propmale> healing is taking place in my life right now! this is amazing  i have not felt this much joy in a very long time! i am so thankful for those who can reach out and truly put aside their ego to help others!
"\if you've got more to give then you've got to prove    put your hands up and i'll follow you\"""""
"let your heart speak your answer, let your vision be your guide    let your words bare your soul, and let your actions resonate forever! live with total passion     total energy and follow your dream all the way to the outer reaches of time itself! become the legend you admire most! and truly live a free spirit! love all of you so much!!!!"
yesterday i total miracle occurred for me    i am still trying to contemplate exactly what happened and how it came about  but i have to believe that one should never give up hope & always follow their vision! even if it doesnt seem possible! the people & the circumstances will enter your life that will allow for you to achieve that which youve envisioned! you will manifest your hearts deepest desires into reality!
"for those willing to travel beyond the reach and do something as simple as show kindness or as great as give their very life, each is a hero to the one whos heart is forever changed by the encounter  but many fail to witness the beautiful worlds forming around them, simply because of their own selfish lust for security and self importance "
"people who lack compassion for others are ignorant! dont you dare talk to me about being \christ like\"" if you are ignorant of kindness and compassion for others! you fool!"""
"its funny how people can claim to want to make a difference, yet never really make any more effort toward reaching out to others then those who just sit and watch the world go around    and it even bothers me more the ones who claim to be out making a difference yet totally ignore another's call for help! where are you at real 'movers'!!!???"
"it was suggested i shouldnt post things that might be seen as me talking negatively about people  so i guess im not to post anything bad about bp? or <propfirst> bush, or hitler? well anyway, i will just say the following   "
"its funny how people can claim to want to make a difference, yet never really make any more effort toward reaching out to others then those who just sit and watch the world go around    and it even bothers me more the ones who claim to be out making a difference yet totally ignore another's call for help! where are you at real 'movers'!!!???"
"our leaders now have a very clear understanding that human rights mean very little to us as a people, and that we are more interested in restrictions for the purpose of hording what we have , rather than sharing our freedoms with those around us  the rewriting of laws, tampering with the constitution, and creating multiple barriers and checkpoints for the purpose of \our own protection\"" is just the beginning """
we as a country are supposed to be a beacon of hope to the rest of the world  not keep up with other countries anti-humanitarian methods of immigration enforcement 
"if you support anyone who is a high ranking freemason   bonesman, you are supporting and advocating the full authority of the islamic faith and the full authority of the koran  look into the facts  do some real historical research  stop following the text books and approved literature propagated by the mainstream bookstores and media "
"live life with passion  and the universe will call back to you through all the voices of those who's lives you touch along the way! as life bends and molds to that which you have envisioned, beauty will <propfemale> to every corner of the earth and every <propfemale> with reflect the light of your truest dreams!"
"so now the republicans want to take away incentive of the teachers and their tenure, based on if a child gets rebellious and decides not to perform    isnt that taking away the responsibility of the parent to properly guide their child and play a roll in how their child responds to the teachers? !!!!!"
believing in the truth of perfect beauty and love    may every heart know kindness and heal in hope of warmth 
"i hope as people are posting funny topics, enjoying and liking their friends posts, and going about life    that they won't forget those devastated in japan "
st patric   
has a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour please  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting  i hope to see this in all the status of all my friends and family 
"please can people stop going for cheap and easy, and begin to appreciate quality again! i'm so tired of cheap industrialized 'things' surrounding society!"
