4c24098cbd22104b6f7b21931e7e566f
hey whole facebook network im here to say7 i am the biggest <propmale> ever i fucked over one of my best friends and dont know how to fix it  i just need to say im so sorry and i hope we can be friends again
force unleashed 2 special edition
pierce is a f***ing beast
boredom is the minds retarded best <propmale>  with out him you wouldn't do stupid shit ever 
damn band practice is rough stuff but damn is it fun and worth it to see my section everyday  oh and to see pierce flip out over green onions
i'm head over heels for this girl and she way out of my league and i'm pissed and depressed about it   sad 
the fantstic five get cookies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"were saxaphones were lazy but with cookies were crazy go fantastic four!!!!!!!\]"
i have the power!!!!!!!!
he-man
i have the power!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spider-man
ghillie rules
<propfemale> wars force unleashed 2  thats all you need to say  you cud also add special 2 disk edition but eh only if you getting it 
rocking out 2 sum tenacious d !!!!!!!!
"form side to side, side-side, to side"
"spider-man, spider-man does whatever a spider can!!!!!"
if this is a chancellor ship then where is the ambassador 
i helped with one of the most romantic home coming asks ever!!!!!!!
i'm watching social network
life sucks and then you die!
god i want 2 die sometimes u know
bat-man would fucking kick supermans ass 
spider-man vs wolverine
batman or ironman and batman is wearint he bat-bot suit
master chief vs iron man
niwot marchin band kicked ass 2nite!!!!!!
it is my birth day tommorow the 9th baby heell ya oh and band kicked ass 2nite i also kinda screwed up a <propmale> with a girl i like but hey it still my birthday  smile   sad 
oh yes i am so ready 2 ask my date 2 homecoming 2morrow
just bought roses for my special girl
waiting waiting waiting
holy shit am i nervous
happy but sad
"happy she said yes, very sad she can't go though "
"roses for my sweet, sadness ain't discreet but all ik is love don't grow with you and i  "
can life really get you down or just the people in it because right now i'm leaning toward people
ok who ever stole my fucking fone is a complete asshole and im going to have my fone traked and i can do this even with it shut off so get ready you prick 
homecoming was awsome 
i said what what in the butt i said what what in the butt   
<--- look at those pimps and that sexy 1 in the middle 
i want 2 kill a certain some 1for alittle something he did at the football game at erie
your nothing but muff cabage!!!!
if batman was wearing a kryptonite toe ring cud a kick to super mans balls actually hurt
"\ i don't want to set the world on fire\"""""
"dutch, \so you cooked up a story and dropped the six of us into a meat grinder!\"""""
life is complicated plain and simple  we are here to make the choices that impact ours and others lives so lets all make th right one
im section leader!!!!!!!!!! of 3 people!!!!
green lantern movie will kick <propmale> ass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
captain <propfemale>
use the force <propmale> 
feel like a complete doushebag
bitches aint got nothing on a snow day!!
two snowdays in a row damn
i am a dork a vicious sadistic mass effect star wars loving dork
assassins creed is gay so it deserves jazz hands
side affects of facebook: sex lots of hot dirty sex
vampire spider-man vs  blade
whole halo saga beaten on legendary!!!!
i love chichis
colder than hell outside
bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need to go get me an edumacation
lechiam kick!!!!!!!!!
it's mardi gras
with the force size matters not
my son what is the riddle of steel?
<propfemale> vs  capcom 3 fate of two worlds
now even women can see why transformers rule!
if only chihhuahas cud have deep barks   
in brightest day in blackest night no evil shall escape my sight let those who worship evils might beware my powers green lanterns light!!!!
