ed49422ec0542a2ca7a90c50b4c5b4c7
kinda tired stilllllll                ugh i hate this time of tha day!
is up doin stuff at 3 in tha morning !!!!                                >>>yesterday i saw tha sun comin up!<<<       i think i need to go to bed earlier      oh well    smile 
goodnite        morning         whatever it is
is fxn to go to tha lake         its really hot  smile 
left tha lake early      it got <propfemale> and there was lightning so oh well    smile 
was very tired and just woke up       i wanna go play tennis     
confused         dont know what to do anymore          :?
gets to go to colorado on the 30th!! yay !! if only i wasnt taking a plane  sad 
its not your fault   whatever it is dont stress be glad to be you and someones always there for you!
haha this is funny     1 )go to the bottom of your <propfemale>  2 ) click on english(us) 3 ) then choose english (pirate)     its pretty funny
geez i need to get on a better sleeping schedule        every night (morning) i go to sleep at like 7 smile 0 and wake up at 4pm its rediculous!!  smile 
this is for the freshman tennis players           starting tomorrow there is a tennis clinic at four seasons from one to three its with this wta player <propfemale> hollands sit may not be too late to sign up if you go kinda early?? but i dont know
just got back from tennis lessons           <propfemale> is amazing    i love their accents!! and i actually won like four points against her       that suprised me since she is a pro      smile  i am exhausted from running sprints        but im still going all week
is at brittyns house         i miss my mommy!! lol
i am ready to go shopping !!! and for high school       goin to play tennis 2 morrow!!! excitement smile 
arent meteor showers great i saw a really big one it was like blue and purple and like reeaally slow!  smile 
is ready for school to start!!! woo hoo!
scarrreedd       not really       i am completely 100% excited about tomorrowww!! the only thing is i cant stay up all night like i usually do    sad   smile 
i dont know whether to think it was good or extremely horrible         lets just say coming back from theatre i couldnt find any stairs      even though there is like 4 or five flights of them      i found out today that i am indeed like my sister        blonde  
2nd day of high school in the morning b day wish me luck on finding the dang stairs jk    goodnight everyonee
really exhausted      feels too bad to go run    i want to but geesh     need to get reorganized   take shower   get clothes ready   and go to shlleep    text me     maybe
goodnight everybodddy!!! love yall!!!
getting off to get on    myspace     smile 
yeahh   shower     get sruff ready for school tomorrow!  and then i am going to bedd!!! goodnight every body !!!
homecoming  was amazingg!!
wonders why if we aren't meant to have midnight snaks     why theres a light in the icebox
is on facebook for the first time in like a month    but other than that just got back from church    smile 
(; how you doin?  wink 
is so excited about new years!!!         unless im still still sick    haha your not supposed to be sick on  holidays just on school days  smile ) jk
for a second i completely thought today was tuesday  andd i was rreall excited because i thought i was gonna get to go to church   and to see <propfemale>!    dang   sad ) <propfemale> houchin
go arizona    green bay needs to go down!!
"i havent been on in a while   ya i know its late   and i have school tomorrow!  but, i thought that i should say that the one thing i learned during my four day weekend was    ??pants on the ground, pants on the ground, lookin like a fool with your pants on the ground!??    how great was that???! goodnight  smile   wink "
sooo         its like 130a m  and im wide awake           why cant i have my permit everyone has them do i??? no sir  mom its all your fault (just kidding mommy i love you) > smile 
just got home from a long weekend with family and friends at the lake     4 more days till summmmmah! woop woop!
im sittin at home on the computer trying to think of something more interesting that i could do cause bein on the computer alllll day (mom) is not a very healthy thing to do lol
my mom is the coolest mom in the whole wide world and this is not her hacking my account lol
"the first person who likes my status, i will use their last name for a week!  put this as your status & see who's last name you will have for a week  smile "
"  <propmale> (lol  love  u kiry bff)    i want to go to sleep but cant     why you ask??? cause facebook is stealing my life      and because cokes arent good to drink right before you try to go to sleep       smile  ha     tomorrow lake, with cousins and my boyfriend     goodnight fb"
i wonder whats gonna happen      i dont know i guess we will find out!!        how is everyone i havent seen any of you in forever!!!!!!!
hey fb!!! i just got back from camp yesterday it was so mluch funn    it felt good to help people in our community feel just a little better about their house and themselves    and to meet many new people!
roooms are not supposed to spin geese i am so dizzy       but other than that im perfectly fine smile  not that it matters       smile  i am going to try out for american idol on the 11th of august :-[d       im really excited and dont know what to sing     ha  smile  see you later facebook!!!
cant go to sleep      and wanna go back to school for the first time ever     just because i miss everyone  wink 
it needs to rain again      and some of my friends (jorden <propfemale> brown) needs to text me  smile )
excited about tomorrow       wink  night fb
leaving for <propfirst> in about three hours (excited face )  smile 
i am so tired     we got up to the center at 1 am and got registered at 730     this is after getting no sleep yhe night before  and then driving 5 hours  smile  !! am ready for wednesday    ttyl facebook  smile 
tomorrow      auditions    exciting  smile )))
just a few short  hours till american idol auditions      and i am excited!!!! and just a little nervous       if i could go sing like right now i would     wishh me luck  lol  smile goodnight facebook and ill try to keep yall updated  wink 
didn't make it the first judge loved me but th other one toldme that noone could outdo <propfemale> cline and that me making the song different and making it my own was ridiculous i just said ok and left then i got interviewed by scholastic magazine and they will post me singing on their website
school was ok lol i was  20 minutes late to world history but i love mr <propfirst>    now  homework   i have to make a rap by friday and i'm excited bout tomorrow       but now it's nap time     wink 
so i'm singing instead of rappin in mr mitchells class to paparazzi  by lady gaga that'll be something different
dont you just hatttteee when you know your not lying to someone but they will not believe you for anything in the whole world      
e playful ecting life to treat you well just because you are a good person is like e playful ecting an angry bull not to charge at you just because youre a vegitarian    
math homework sucks     5 problems on one <propfemale> like 40 on another and idk how many on the review     but the bad thing is     i dont understand it      some i do but aggghhh! but goodnight facebook   love  <propfemale>
i was scareeedd today in choir     rain isnt bad     but lighting and thunder scares me    
had funnn last night at the dance with my boyfriendd     i wanna go to the lakkkkkkkeeee so bad today smile 
lonnnggg day      playin the <propmale> bearcats tomorrow      were gonna winnnnn      i hope  lol
ohhh my gosh    so ive decided im never going to laugh again    im just going to smile and say    thats funny   smile )))
rumble grumble gurgle roar          
"if you would kiss me under the mistle toe ,, like this    pass this on and see how many kisses you'd get  smile ))"
"truth is,, everyones gonna hurt you, you just gotta find the one worth the suffering  smile  < 3"
"i love the feeling i get when you say hi or smile at me cause i know     even if it's just for a second ,,, that i crossed ur mind  smile "
"today, keep your heart and mind open because god wants to do something in, and through you!!!"
ok either my phone is broken       orrrr nobody likes me anymore        someone txt me plz
girls really  get on my nerves   jus a couple tho      well 1 girl    u no who u r    
i say   yea <propmale>   rollin like a bigshot  chevy tuned up like a nascar pit stop   fresh paint job   fresh inside  iz tha outside frame in the trunk wide  are the rimz big  do it ride good  <propfemale> back right hand on the pine wood 
i misssss you sad       night facebook txt me  if u got the number  smile   love  you
haha message me and tell me what to do wit this color thing lol
wants my boyfriend to come oovveerr   wink 
purple
what is everyone doin for new years ???
"date \hate \rate  \lol i'm boreddd    "
"007!!\no that would be wierd\uh nevver!\100000 lol"
thinks  knows  loves  hates 
misssess my boyfriend sad  and wants something to do     any ideas??
two words  no school!!! awesome       until i realize that we will have to make these days up when we are supposed to be out for summer    fantastic 
hmmmmmm some people just dont no how to let stupid crap that does not matter at allll go      kinda dumb      really some people dont know how to take a freaking joke!
ok so i am tired and going to sleep     i think       snow freaking day?? i seriously hope so     gahhhh~! hit me upppp message me for tha numbre
is watchin the weather channel     it went from 40 to 32 in like five seconds lol and dang das alot uh snow cumin dwn hur
sooooooooooo ive been up all flipping night     now lets go to <propfirst>  smile 
"two words  winning, duh!!!!          going to main event  then pool      or hot tub "
