39db5ca4b542a11e5497d868eb055591
thinks its party time! woot woot 
sexy time
"alright <propfirst>, <propfirst> was the one who changed your mood, not me "
is thinkin this summer sucks 
"finished the interior panels on his car, woot woot!"
is sooooo tired
hi
apparently has a naked profile according to this side bar  i hope i don't get reported for nudity 
is out in the shop  anyone wanna chill?
can't wait to leave town
is listenin to great music and sittin around
takin the car out for a spin  anyone wanna <propfemale> out later?
"around, text call"
is really bored
is leavin sunday    finally
haircut and golf! now thats an exciting day!
hates gettin his hair cut
can't wait to get his car painted
is working with some photography
woot woot! sweet digital editing accomplished!
off to leave <propfirst> in his boredom while i kill some zombies
"is goin to sleep, hopefully  yard sale attempt in the morning    again, maybe turn a pen in the afternoon, finally seeing <propmale> potter! woot woot!"
<propmale> potter was amazing  out in the shop 
"\i was once alive\"""""
"packing later, leaving in the morning"
is finally in <propfemale> 
"is gettin ready to play some call of duty  md has been pretty boring as usual, but rather be bored here than be bored in <propmale>"
really hates his car's starter right now 
"\one day the waters gonna wash it away\"""""
is enjoying the new speakers
hates summer reading    blech
sexy time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"got my license, and my car runs    woot woot!"
wooohooo
"oh brother i'm far, brother i'm far, oh brother i'm far away from everything"
"we'll be like torches, yeah we'll be like torches, we'll be torches together, torches together! torches together, hand in hand!"
half day tomorrow and then some taco <propfemale>!!! woot woot! anyone care to join us?
bored
"tired, but not willing to sleep "
i got my hair done    when i was young  its not my problem    its not my probleeeeemmmmmmm!  woohooo 
"there's one way i've got to go, despite everything i know  i've got to go    i've got to go"
is really hating this history homework
hoping for a raider win  looking good so far
bored    scratch that  really bored 
got the parts car running!!!
working on the car
"is gettin pissed about all the rain  i really need this car put back together and now, ofcourse it would start pouring everytime i get out there "
anyone wanna buy an 87 firebird?
off to do that sleep thing again 
"we're spinning in circles, they're testing our arms  we must awaken, our bodies about to fall "
needs a job    anybody need an amateur graphic designer for anything?
really feels like going for a joy ride right now
"come out of things unsaid, shoot an apple off my head, and a trouble that can't be named, a tiger's waiting to be tamed, im singing     youuuu areeee, you areeeeee"
such a strange year so far    i hope it continues in the same way
is sick of this town
how does one go about stopping themselves from becoming boring?
really can't wait for the weekend
hates garmin right now
just ate a tasty taco
really needs to start painting    but can't cause he still doesn't have the freakin spray gun
starting the painting process! woot woot  however    still no reply with the spray gun    very irritating 
finally done with first coat of gold!!! woot woot!
should probably get to work on this english paper
"finished with the outline, should be able to easily type up a very convincing paper in about an hour tomorrow! woot"
"is realllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly, <propfemale> tired "
"the fight raged on for a century then elazzer claimed but eventually the champion stood, the rest saw the better, mr  rogers in a blood stained sweater "
probably oughta catch up on homework
"is now, thanks to his procrastinatory skills (if thats not a word, it is now), will now how a good deal of homework this weekend!"
"this is the ultimate showdown    of ultimate <propfemale>, good guys, bad guys, and e playful losions     as far as the eye can see"
"great day, for the most part  missed about 5 turns thanks to garmin    ended up at the wrong place thanks to garmin    got to the right place and enjoyed a delicious sandwhich no thanks to garmin    \turn right    turn right    turn right    fuck you garmin!!!\"""""
                                                                                                                                                 
taco <propfemale> friday!!!!!! woooooooot wooot woot 
"quite a bit o' homework, best get to work "
bejewled blitz 2    so addicting    can't stop    need break    eyes burning    109k points    yeah
"ordered the new 1600 watt amp today, can't wait to get the new sound system "
"just got my hair cut    asked for about 2 inches, but the lady cut most of it off anyway   didn't turn out as bad as i feared though  so its all good "
off to bed    new amp should get here wednesday! woot woot!
hold me down    drag this out    i will fight with my eyes wide open     
new amp is in and sounding great    once i get the new subs it will sound <propfemale> much better  can't believe the moron who installed it though 
so sick of the stupid douchebags that i once called friends    what the hell was wrong with me?
is relatively pissed about the dodgeball situation at the replex  and by relatively i mean really 
"need a good dwarven fighter name    currently rahan    i like dorlok, but it sounds a lot like door lock    lol any suggestions?"
modern warfare 2 is amazing! definitely worth going at midnight    wait wasn't very long which was good  off to bed now though 
"i tried so hard, and got so far    but in the end    it doesn't even matter"
does anyone have the movie it?
bored    tired    no idea what to do   
season 2 of pawn stars!!! woot woot! then off to bed 
"can't wait for friday, and really can't wait for the new car and new sound system!"
"got the new car today! so stoked, its amazing "
really hoping this crap freezes so i don't have to go to school tomorrow
really oughta consider getting some work done on that english project    but quite honestly    i'd rather sleep
need    sleep    <propfemale> tired    might actually fall asleep on the way to my bed   
loves how stupid people around here can get 
"i hate finals week  i really should have spent more time filling out study guides, but i honestly didn't think the history one would take <propfemale> long  next is pre cal and then chem  anyone know which finals are when?"
"watched a lot of <propfemale> wars today and last night, no better way to lead up to christmas  but now im really bored and i don't know what to do   "
"roads suck, almost slid off today, but my driving skill saved me! can't wait for my turtle beaches to get here!"
assassins creed ii is amazing   i recommend it to everyone  if you don't have a ps3 xbox360 go buy one and then get assassins creed ii
day one of 2011    and its already looking like it could be a long year
"here we stand with a wolf like shadow, here we stand in the end"
"i wondered how, fast is light speed, would life itself stay or follow me"
can't wait to get the amp <propfemale> so i can install my new subs  they're gonna hit hard as hell!
"glad i got to sleep in, but now i can't go anywhere    this sucks "
i suppose i should go shovel the drive way before it gets dark    then i have to work on my english paper  doesn't that just sound enthralling?
i think it takes approximately 4 minutes for 2 3 of the people in our school to hear about the snow day    we should try for some kind of world record  i bet we could get 18 seconds!
not looking forward to shoveling snow tomorrow    blech
bored   
futurama and then bed   
"now <propfemale> me up to dryyy, you wrung me out to to too many times  now <propfemale> me out to dryyy    i party like the whi whi whites of your eyes "
"\the trap i've set for you seems to have caught my leg instead\"""""
"first day of work, minimal problems  excellent!"
"headache, tired, not looking forward to school tomorrow "
"needs to study, but really can't focus"
"feeling content, things seem to be moving in a good direction  hopefully i'm right"
"just watched gamer    that is one trippy movie  good and interesting, but really screwed up "
i should probably go to bed    maybe i will  work tomorrow night and then probably nothing afterwards 
"at work, probably watchin smokin aces 2 when i get home"
"tired    just watched smokin aces 2, fairly good movie, but i think the first one was better "
"\i wanna run away    and open up my mind!\"""""
"not sure what to do today, need something exciting to happen "
"work in an hour, hanging out with <propmale> afterwards    no idea what i'm doing tomorrow"
"ahhh, monster is finally kickin in  wooooo!"
"sooo tired, and i don't know why  trying to start this stupid english paper, but procrastination is getting the best of me "
i hate sundays    so glad its almost over  school tomorrow then work 
gettin ready to leave work    i think  english paper and other homework later 
love the massive amounts of stupidity in this town 
"didn't do any of my english, and now i'm gonna go listen to some music, rather than be productive   "
"tired, but i don't feel like sleeping  maybe some more loud music will help "
"omg, i haven't been this tired in <propfemale> long   "
scholastic bowl and taco bett!!! ohhh yeahhh 
excellent day  couldn't get much better    well it could but im satisfied regardless 
"prairie thunder game was awesome  2  huge fights, and some blood  and the guy in front of me kept callin the refs <propfemale> <propmale>, which was pretty funny "
"i am so freakin tired, yet no amount of sleep changes that  and i have to get up and go to that stupid act class in the morning  blech "
i really can't wait til summer    it's almost agrivating how far away it is and at the same time how close it is 
"just finished the english paper, now i should probably study for pre cal  anyone know how i can take calc without having mr  briggs?"
anyone wanna chill today?
"not that i really care, but i'd love to see the colts get crushed tonight "
yes! colts will lose!!!
colts lose colts lose colts lose!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored    i hate snow days  i'd honestly rather just go to school 
when will this boredom end? i'm seriously going insane 
"typing my english paper, and then finishing other homework  pretty bored, hoping this weekend will be at least somewhat exciting "
"finally got my new muffler! sounds pretty good to me  off to play some live, last day of my subscription  sad "
absolutely sick of <propmale>'s cowardly bitches 
"going to chill, play some live  then work at 2, and hanging out later "
"i am currently locked out of my house right now thanks to peyton and <propfirst>    those assholes, even though i just scared the shit out of <propfirst>   now i am dropping a duece"
"please ignore the last status update, <propfirst> posted that while i was locked out of my house, not dropping a deuce "
"not looking forward to act prep tomorrow  or next week, or the week after    i think  you guys get the picture, right?"
sick and out of nyquil  what a predicament!
definitely should have started my business concepts homework a while ago 
"car repairs are done, now can't wait til it gets warmer so i can finish my work on it  really hoping we don't get any more snow "
anyone know if we had any homework?
fml
"can't wait for summer, i really just wanna leave, that would be excellent right now"
"\should i talk slower like your a retard? should i talk slower like your retarded?\"""""
really hoping to get my car back tomorrow
woot woot! i have my car again!
"hopefully, hopefully, hopefully gettin the sound system early next month  if so, t-tops are coming off and the music is gettin turned way up!"
really hoping tomorrow doesn't feel like a monday 
"tired, and i really don't wanna do my homework    blech"
tired   really tired 
can't wait for the weekend
"hearing all kinds of good news about grease, but i don't think i'll get to see it "
goin to see ralphie may tonight! can't wait 
"\i push my fingers into my eyesss    its the only thing that slowly stops the ache\"""""
feel like crap  gonna try to get some sleep 
"busy day tomorrow    english presentation, history midterm, and chemistry mid-term    first two should be ok, not to sure bout chem though   "
"if anyone sees graves, tell him to stop by triple play please "
"almost spring break, gotta get through that chem midterm first though    e playful ecting a boring break, everyone is going to florida, and i get to work a lot! woohoo! lol"
finally spring break  sleeeep!
"work, hopefully hanging out later, but idk"
"beat god of war iii last night!!!! god damn scorpion thing, and stupid zeus     damn the creators for them, but otherwise the game was amazing "
i am <propfemale> tired 
"work til 6, who knows after that "
"\2 things before we get started  1  your hairdo    is ridiculous   really  2  i just ate a bunch of garlic    and i farted \"" blade <propfemale>"""
"can't wait, gettin my sound system in a few weeks! until then, im just hoping for a good friday "
"no idea what to do today    any ideas would be greatly welcomed, whether they be reallistic or ridiculous "
not ready to go back to school    blech
"never get tired of being flipped off, hahaha"
so extremely tired   
the kombuchan mushroom people    sitting around all day    who can believe you? who can believe you?
sooooo freakin bored it isn't even funny 
"where were the eyes of the horse on the jet pilot, when they smiled, when they flew over the bay?"
"new wires on the spark plugs! and only 2 weeks til the new sound system  until then    i could use a car wash, anyone wanna make a quick 50 cents? lol"
started working on my sub box today! hopefully all goes well and it turns out good 
gotta procrastinate the english homework for at least another hour or so
english mid term paper    done  time for part ii!
feeling a boring weekend coming on   
thinking about a fire    anyone interested?
wants an ipad sooo freakin bad
can't wait for summer nights
selling my 360    anyone interested? new sound system only 2 days away!!!
"dropped my car off at mobile audio, then burnt my tounge at flat top    it was good food    just really hot, lol"
just got the car!!! having bass kicks ass!
"busy day tomorrow    painting tipton born learning trail all day for united way, then work at night    woohoo! lol"
worked on puttin in the deck from the trans am into the firebird most of the day all because we blew a fuse    but its all good to go now!
"very tired    college day at parkland tomorrow, then hopefully hooking up the ipod adapter for my radio"
"parkland was pretty cool, makes me want outta <propmale> even worse!"
wondering why google doesn't change their site for 420    thats bullshit 
"bored    pondering heading to <propmale> for a bit, anyone wanna do something?"
"about halfway through my english paper  taking a bit longer than the usual papers, but it'll be a good one!"
"very busy day tomorrow    not looking forward to getting up early, but i must   "
"riduculously long day    so freaking tired, blech  "
cant shake this freakin headache    blech
finished that damn history study guide    that was actually kind of intense! lol
d'arcy's tomorrow!!!
gonna watch some futurama then get some shut eye    hopin for a great weekend and some nice weather tomorrow night 
"\what is the leading cause of divorce? answer: marijuana!\"" \""what is the leading cause of abortion? answer: marijuana!\"" \""what causes volcanoes? answer: marijuana!\"" \""who caused hurricane <propfemale>? answer: marijuana!\"" \""why do people turn jewish? answer: marijuana!\"""""
off to catch some futurama before gettin some sleep
"pretty blah day    hopefully tomorrows less blah and more wakawikitywikityphwack    yeah thats a pretty good soundin day, lol"
"loves how easily agitated people around here are, hahaha"
"now this is the acid rock section of the song, all you burned out acid hippies singin along with your camp fires goin and your barbeques on"
spent most of the day detailin my car    its lookin sharp and sexy though!
"oh man, you just gotta love badasses    hahaha"
"black bandana sweet louisiana, <propfemale> on a bank in the state of indiana, shes a runner, rebel and a stunner   "
wiped    been quite a busy day  i am <propfemale> ready for the weekend!
beginning to hate pre cal more than i previously did    thats an extreme amount of dislikedness
"\the trance is the motion\"""""
"another <propfemale> day, walkin to the sound of my favorite tune  tomorrow never knows what it doesnt know too soon"
"since everyone else is posting there school project status i might as well join\english paper: topic chosen\great gatsby: 4 chapters behind\gatsby journals: 2 out of 7 done\history study guide: not started\chem study guide: not started\lol    guess i oughta pick up the pace a bit"
thinkin about going to rent red dead redemption
"hates <propmale>, lol    \so why don't you think before you go throwing your arms up and reacting    this doesn't even concern you\"""""
"just got done with work and mowing, and im still procrastinating all my homework i need to catch up with    blech"
gahhhh    my room wont get cold    this is highly aggravating
really really really ought to make an attempt at that english paper    blahhh
"ok lets see here    not prepared for this bullshit pre cal test, not done with my english paper, 6 chapters behind in gatsby, but    my history study guide is done! lol"
finishing up this english paper    this is what i get for procrastination  lol
gahhh    can't sleep
"i can play basketball with the <propfemale>, the whole world is at my feet"
"fresh oil in the car, now time to shower and maybe study a bit   "
"she is electric, can i be electric too?"
"ordered my ipod touch today, can't wait til it gets here! otherwise, really freaking tired"
continuing to not do anything productive for finals    almost tempted to just wing it!
where were you when we were getting high? someday you will find me caught beneath a landslide in a champagne supernova in the sky   
"off to bed finally, pretty good night, better than the rest of this weekend anyway"
why do i have so many people on here that i don't even know?
bored as hell
"trying so hard to read gatsby, but i keep falling asleep,  hahaha"
"ok, time to start the gatsby journals!"
done with my gatsby journals finally!!!!
"at last, the summer can begin!"
"great storm, late    but better than none at all"
"im <propfemale> tired, but i dont wanna go to sleep    but i really should"
really hoping my ipod gets here soon
"playing touch football on marijuana   streets, or in a marijuana field  you're so beneath my cleets, get high so high that i feel like flying   "
got my ipod!!!
i hate hughesnet     god i hate hughesnet so f****** much
so close to the new season of futurama!!! and cornerstone!!! woot woot!
finally off to bed for a good days sleep!
feels like takin a road trip    anyone wanna go?
bored as hell!
"really wants to play nazi zombies    why oh why did i sell that game? oh yeah    it sucked, haha"
it looks like it might be a great night for a cruise without the t-tops
tough choice at hand: to sleep or just stay up another day?
the air around me still feels like a cage
3 days til cornerstone!!!! woot woot!
cornerstone starts tomorrow!
"cornerstone was amazing    got to see <propfemale> epoque's last show as <propfemale> epoque, how depressing, but it was great reguardless!"
sooooo bored   
"my mind is set on overdrive, the clock is laughing in my face  crooked spine, my senses dulled  past the point of delerium  on my own here we go   "
feeling randomly creative     and kinda at peace    but for no reason     i kinda like it though    theres a lot of <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>s and some extra <propfemale>s in this post     lol
extremely bored and i have a headache    tonight definitely has room for improvement
"bored as hell    summers starting to suck, hopefully this changes quickly"
"night terrors in my head, am i really dead, i can't tell it feels sooo real"
"cause if you want, everything, that i have, you can take it all away from me, away from me"
d'arcy's pinty on monday! anyone wanna go?
"energy drink was a mistake, i've been layin here for 3 hours now and still can't sleep lol"
what to do with the rest of this day?
"took the trans am out for a much needed spin, definitely could use some work, hahaha"
"i hate when music sounds amazing, but the lyrics are awful   "
i'd rather have a mind opened by wonder than closed by belief
finally got my new hats!
"semi-interesting night, lol, damn drunk people!"
what to do?
"this day has been very chaotic, and i'm rather glad it is finally nearly over!"
im thinking it'd be a great time to watch some whale wars!
finally got my oil changed    now i really need to work on the rotors
bored as hell
would like very loud music or a decent video game to play
why don't more people think more?
"gravity release me, and don't ever hold me down, now my feet won't touch the ground"
"time came a creeping, oh, and times a loaded gun   "
"is quite bored, anyone wanna light somethin on fire, or blow stuff up, or just chill out, anything?"
i'm thinking i need to make a trip to best buy to purchase some new cds   
nothing like a cool summer night thats cloudless and dark
work and then finally replacin my front brakes and rotors!
"people moving all the time, inside a perfectly straight line  don't you want it, to curve away? but it's such a perfect day  its such a perfect day"
"home from work, now to find somethin to occupy the rest of tonight!"
"wow    <propmale> is ridiculously pathetic, for lack of better terms"
"ahhh, nothing quite like a nice clean car!"
"got the gocart up and goin, now i just need to get a battery and its all finished!"
i think i just made the most amazing steak sandwhich ever made!
"chillin with <propfirst> soon, off to lowes for now, hopefully i get this damn gocart runnin again"
just because i'm losing doesn't mean i'm lost  doesn't mean i'll stop  doesn't mean i won't cross   
bored as hell   
"pretty good night, finally got to break in my 2 year old new pool cue!"
"i could realllllllllly go for some taco <propfemale> right now, with an ice cold <propfemale> pepsi    yeah, haha"
"i'm thinkin it'd be great if my old boss would just go ahead and pay me    yeah, that'd be nice"
this has been a very dull tuesday   
some people   
out trying to catch some of the meteor shower    perfect night for it too!
must find a more entertaining way to waste the rest of this day!
"\i'd give my right arm to be ambidexterous!\"""""
off to bloomington!
"dear video game god, please produce a game that is worthy of several hours of play  you have really been slacking in the area of decent video games, and i'm gettin rather irritated  your pal,  <propmale>"
why?
"time came a creepin    ohhh and times a loaded gun  every road is a <propfirst> of light  it goes oooooooooooooon, time can only lead you on, yes and its such a beautiful night"
can't sleep    this sucks 
"thinkin about havin a fire tomorrow night, anyone interested?"
"my day starts in three hours    it would be wise to get some sleep, but sleep is overrated"
finally gettin my job back at the wash!
what an awful waste of a thursday   
"ahhh, this headache sucks   "
"its amazing how long it takes to make someone a good friend, and how little it takes to reallize that all along it was bullshit"
basically done at lhs and i think im ready to start parkland tomorrow!
done with class  i'm thinkin i'm really gonna love this new schedule 
is <propfemale> tired
"so tired its ridiculous, but i've got to get some reading done   "
lookin like my weekend will consist mostly of reading    blech
"so ready for some sleep, its been a rather crazy day"
"seein as everyones at the football game, im thinking tonights gonna be a boring one   "
so its lookin like this weekend is just gonna be suckish    great
and the homework begins!
"ahhh, finally back in business at the wash and i'm glad!"
"why have you forsaken me in your eyes, forsaken me in your thoughts, forsaken me in your heart, forsaken meee   "
"what a night, nothing like a few good games of dodge rocket!"
"theres a cold war comin, on the radio i heard, baby its a violent world    oh love don't let me go, won't you take me where the street lights glow   i can hear it comin, i can hear the sirens sound, now my feet won't touch the ground "
why do some people feel the need to type everything that happens through the course of their day on facebook?
ridiculously tired   
procrastination = bad
thinkin its time to update the sound system in my car   
finally getting close to some long awaited sleep!
"dear hughesnet,\    \     you never fail to disappoint me    and i hope you die a miserable death \that is all\\sincerely,\me"
"in, in the end    we lie awake, and we dream of makin our escape"
"so sick of seeing all the posts about how people's lives suck  if your life sucks, its your own damn fault, the sooner you reallize that, the better off you'll be  suck it up and stop moping about the stupid little things that, whether you realize it or not, won't matter later on "
so bored   
"finds it disappointing that the leading advocates against marijuana legalization in california is a group called \public safety first\""    and they are funded by the california beer and beverage distributors   """
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire    continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this (i'm part of the 7% that did!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)"
"time is a valuable thing, watch it fly by as the pendulum swings"
can't wait for this weekend to start
"you were from a perfect world, a world that threw me away today   "
needs to go buy some <propfemale> manson cds    that sounds like a good idea
well this weekend definitely kicked ass!!! (three as recommended by <propfirst>)
desperately needs some new music    any suggestions?
"tuesday, i hate you    die and take sunday and monday with you please    thanks! lol"
would much rather be asleep right now
"americas all back to normal now, and its all thanks to mr him laden    hahahaha gotta love south park"
wishes the sun would hurry up and go down so triple play will cool off a bit
jackass 3d = success!
"ahhh, nothing like some good sleep followed by a day of working on projects  woot woot! lol"
really oughta be working on my midterm   
what a day   
"finally, this day is over!"
why do people need others to like their status to tell the truth about em? why not just tell the truth anyway?
"like this status    because your cool and you've got nothing better to do  comment this status, because your cool and you've got nothing better to do  put a  smile      because your cooler than the people that like this status and the people that commented on it and you have even less to do "
"bored as hell, but thankfully only for a few more hours"
bored as hell
"i'm not a slave to a god that doesn't exist, and i'm not a slave to a world that doesn't give a shit"
"giants are going to the series, and the raiders kicked bronco ass    things are looking good, lol"
"its not even an hour into my day, and i've decided it sucks    thats just grand"
just watched paranormal activity for the first time    that movie was funny as hell
only a few more days before prop 19 gets voted on    this could be the beginning of something great
"come out upon my seas, curse missed opportunities, am i part of the cure or am i part of the disease?"
"i am sitting on the clouds, ive got smoke coming from my seat  i can play basketball with the <propfemale>, i've got the whole world on my feet  playin touch football on marijuana streets    awesome song   "
"i'm thinking oakland's back in the game, and its about time!"
is this for real? i'm a man sinking deep in the ocean   
"bye bye xbox, hello cash!"
"mirror, mirror, can you tell, if they're kneeling in confession or if they just fell? the mirror looks back and it knows damn well, its really hard livin when your livin with yourself"
programming and procrastination don't seem to mix as well as i had hoped   
programmings got my brain all kinds of twisted right now
thinkin i need to start duct taping my flash drive to my forehead so i'll stop losing the damn thing
"lets party hardy, and rock n' roll, we drink bacardi and smoke the <propfemale>  i got the green glow under my car  "
<propfemale> ready for a few days of break   
"oh love don't let me go, won't you take me where the street lights glow"
"another hour of class, and i can't even stay awake as is    its gonna be a long day"
new zombies map keeps kickin my ass    i don't appreciate this at all!
so bored    something exciting needs to happen 
how do i feel? what do i say? in the end it all goes away 
i used to love skillet    why is there music so annoying right now?
"my body, my mind, my soul and my life  so far, so near, so high, so clear "
"they're takin our voices and they locked  them  up  the paper chains i'd like to burn  i cannot even enjoy a sunset, when our world is on the verge   "
programming is gonna drive me mad   
could definitely use a nap right about now   
"i've been looking forward to getting some sleep since i woke up today, and its finally here! woohoo!"
alright! watching cartoons in class!
"glowing knowledge fruit street lamp snowy monster ditch angry monster, something about shrooms, truck, and talking roads     i think that sums it up pretty well   "
"very tempted to get tickets to music as a weapon, anyone wanna go?"
forget about music as a weapon 5    anyone wanna go to arizona or alabama? lol
"as my skin turns yellow, i forget this hell  as the skies are bruised, and the rain falls down  as my face turns pale, i try to forget these thoughts"
wish my brain came with a temporary off switch   
maybe oughta try that sleeping thing again   
"if i've come without a thing, then i've come with all i need, no boat out on the blue, no place to rest your head, the trap i set for you seems to have caught my leg instead"
"really excited english is done, but not looking forward to spending the majority of tomorrow trying to finish programming   "
what a way to end the first semester at college    an hour late with 2 minutes left to turn in a very important paper   
this saturday could really use some excitement
do you think it's possible that we are all still insane    and will wake one day to find ourselves in straight jackets?
"the cia has an army of spies watching me 24 7! and thats why i hide in front of my house in the bushes every night, with a steak knife    hahaha"
so much work to be done    so little progress    and still i'm gonna go play assasins creed   
decided today im gonna run away and grow a mustache so i have a disguise    sounds like a good plan right?
"finished a good chunk of my digital media final    only to realize i have a programming test tomorrow that i'm definitely not prepared for    can't wait for break, lol"
pay no attention to me dancin with my girl    with every intention to be failures in this world
thinking i should get some type of award for incredible procrastination   
"one monster, two hours of twitchiness, zero hours of sleep, and one mostly completed, although still pretty bad, animation project ready to turn in! i'd say this night has been a success "
thinkin bejeweled blitz needs to be classified as a schedule 1 drug   
"it's the two outsiders, grab your horses and your guns"
"really needs some new music, gettin tired of listenin to the same playlists over and over"
"i cannot e playful lain to you, in anything i say or do, but hope the actions speak the words they can"
now the sky    could be blue    i don't mind    without you its a waste of time
"you can have it all, but how much do you want?"
chained to all the places we never wish to stay
"dear boredom, \i really have missed you the past few weeks, and its nice to have you back    however, i'm kinda bored so could you call up excitement and tell it to find me please? thanks!\sincerely,\<propmale>"
you seem so real    sometimes i forget that this is all a dream
"don't save me, don't save me, cause i don't care"
looking like its gonna be an interesting night   
christmas shopping  final round    fight! (in epic mortal kombat narrators voice)
"the skyline looks right into night, lets go smash out every light"
"reset your clocks and rewrite your thoughts, it's burning down, lets keep it up, flames they grow strong the louder the song"
"with <propmale> and <propmale> of roads, how'd you know which ones have holes? i'm glad we didn't stay   "
damn this has been one exceptionally boring night
"i've gotta say what i've gotta say, and then i swear i'll go away, but i cant promise you'll enjoy the noise"
"no time for cameras, we'll use our eyes instead    no time for cameras, we'll be gone when we're dead"
"confusion never stops, closing walls and ticking clocks"
can i be electric too?
"and, in the end, we lie awake and dream of making our escape"
so bored   
"i found tomorrow in today, apocalyptic and insane, my dreams will never change"
why is it only 11?
"grape liccorice, where have you been all my life?"
"cut and cross wires, electric fires, reset your clocks and rewrite your thoughts"
you're more than in my head
finally got the new spark plugs in! so ideally my car is back to mechanical par    ideally being the key word there
"breaks almost over    i should be blowing shit up or something, and i'm on facebook    how depressing"
"everyone is changing, theres no one left thats real, so make up your own ending, let me know just how you feel  cause i am lost without you, cannot live at all "
"thoughts so strong, i feel them when your gone"
"ceilings falling downn, its time to run and hide  ceilings falling downn, i stood and watched inside "
"gahhh, to much time between classes today    this sucks "
welcome to the universe
"look me in the eyes so i know you know, i'm everywhere you want me to be"
when did this storm begin?
"start again, with a brand new name and eyes that see into infinity"
"don't you wish that life could be as simple, as fish swimming around in a barrel when you've got the gun?"
so damn tired    and its only 7    someone bring me duct tape so i can prop my eyes open
would really appreciate the warm weather coming back soon
"this day needs to stop draggin so bad, its a real bummer"
"i'm feelin invincible tonight  i'm alive, take a look into my eyes "
really not looking forward to starting english tomorrow   
"scar tissue that i wish you saw\sarcastic mister know it all\close your eyes and i'll kiss you 'cause\with the birds i'll share\with the birds i'll share\this lonely view   "
"and what do you want? i want change  and what have you got, when you feel the same?"
"tell me i'm the only one \tell me theres no other one \jesus was an only son, for you \and i still believe that i cannot be saved,\and i still believe that i cannot be saved   "
feels dead    this is aweful
we're all stars in the dope show
woot woot! finally got rid of that fever    now if only i could shake this damn cough
i am the world before i am a man  i was a creature before i could stand  i will remember before i forget 
"the bass, the rock, the mic, the treble  i like my coffee black just like my metal   "
would really appreciate if this damn illness would leave me soon  medicines not working so maybe a letter from facebook will do the trick?
"so lets get to the point  lets roll another joint, and lets head on down the road, theres somewhere i gotta gooo   "
back out to shovel    this shits ridiculous
finally    i made it to the outside world!
damn it has been a boring day   
"time is so short and i'm sure, there must be something more   "
"definitely just made a trip to walmart for lemonade, cheesits, <propfemale> buns, and cinnamon rolls    the original plan was to get lemonade lol"
how do you fail at canned cinnamon rolls?
i wanna breathe that fire again
ice cream cake ftw!      programming homework: fml
"sleep, i miss you dearly and would love for you to be back in my life, but it appears that there simply isn't time for that    sorry "
why are the cheez-its gone? =[
the killer in me is the killer in you
"emptiness is loneliness, and loneliness is cleanliness, and cleanliness is godliness, and god is empty just like me"
"now all i do, girl, is lie here, i think i'll die here  insomnia "
woot woot! finally done with classes for today    looks like i'll be dreaming in c++ tonight
"today is the greatest\day i've ever known\can't live for tomorrow,\tomorrow's much too long\i'll burn my eyes out\before i get out"
may have found the solution to shitty internet!!!
what a boring saturday    actually considering doing homework    blech!
so much work to be done    and all i can think about is sleep
"for you, i bleed myself dry"
"i want a girl with lips like morphine\blow a kiss that leaves me gasping\i want to feel that lightning strike me\and burn me down"
"somehow i found, a way to get lost in you"
"every one is changing, theres no one left thats real  so make up your own ending, let me know just how you feel "
"if hope is a dangerous hole, \will you join me? \jump there's a world of war  \will you join me? \eyes closed for lives to open up \free fall with me to open up"
hey everyone  just wanted to say hi to whoever wants to listen!!
black clouds comin' and they won't go away
"just played a semi-successful online match on the ps3!!! hughesnet, you won't be missed!"
"look up, i look up at night    planets are movin at the speed of light"
"we never change, do we? we never learned to leave "
"i'm on the front line, don't worry i'll be fine  this story is just beginning "
"cause you are my medicine\when you're close to me"
damn you procrastination    damn you!!!
"approaching guiding light,\our shallow years in fright,\dreams are made winding through my head"
i'll make it to the <propfemale> if i have to crawl
