0bc31756ca4ccb34e18e2f97e7b7e8a8
got her driving licence
got my braces off today
got back from the powderpuff games     sadly my <propmale> class lost but we will win next year 
is making a mess with pomegranate all over my desk
is so ready for halloween
is getting ready for the party with a 2lb rice crispy treaty from blockbuster 
when home sick
is watching glee
is tired but has soccer at 8:45 am
for the first time my dog played fetch     who says you can't teach old dogs new tricks 
was finally ablr to download my <propfirst> lambert to my ipod   stupid computer
omg  my day could have gone a lot better 
the world always looks brighter from behind a smile 
jumping on my trampoline in the pouring rain with my brother!
"saw <propfemale> in wonderland it was great, <propmale> out with friends and had chinese food"
be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
friendship isn't a big thing - it's a million little things 
is already exhausted and has only been up for 3 and a half today
hates trying to convert a mov to a wma   omg and my project is due tomorrow morning
is going to bed    finally
so confused
had fun at the boardwalk today
wants stride always mandarin
just finished tonights homework
just watched avatar for the first time    omg it was good
"finally, finished my freakin history project "
just arrived in az
2 down 3 to go
one more day
summer!!!!!!
i need to get away from this place
just finished my 8 hour shift at the us 0pen      soooo tired and i have get up tomorrow at 4am and do it again
work at the us open from 5am to 2pm today and i'm glad i don't need any more hours of community service for school    smile 
so when to the gas station and of course the gas pump is going so freckin slow and around 11 gallons my mom heard a tripling sound and then we discover that the gas pump wasnt working and there was gasoline splurting everywhere      but at least we know the gas tank is full 
flight got pushed back 45mins    bad weather sucks when you are traveling
is skating
i'm leaving for the airport in 5 hours and i still haven't packed anything    however i am enjoying eating my cookie dough ice cream!!
when to see wicked in sf today   is was amazing
finally relaxing and listening to my music
is waiting for season 1 of glee to download 3% down and way to much to go
"if you have my cell phone number plz send me a text mgs with your name  why you ask, well   the trouble started when i decided to clean my room  (i know, big mistake)  the next morning i looked all over for my phone, but couldn’t find it  my mom used a tracking system and found it in seaside  she searched for it again, and it was on the move! so my mom and bro (i was at a friend’s party) took off in hot pursuit!"
"the phone stopped in castorville and was about 30 minutes behind it   they were determined going to find it! then they arrived at the last known location and discovered they had arrived at the recycle facility! yes, that’s right; my phone fell into the recycle bin when i took the trash and empty boxes outside  the moral of this story: never clean your room on trash recycle day!"
senior year   yay
hiked 5 <propmale> in half <propfemale> bay today    sleep        drive to <propfemale> <propfirst> boardwalk tomorrow
has the song billionarie stuck in her head
friday nights are the best!!!
accepted to <propmale> and wales university!!!!! go wildcats!!
so ready for christmas break
had fun with the <propmale> eagle and <propfirst> tonight      the dancing was hilarius
3 weeks in and i already want out
running a fever again what fun
thank you to everyone     i had a great 18th birthday!!
