24e92d53efbbe36ef9fa37d0c1e4e6a7
who has seen the movie law abiding citizen??
he has no idea  annoyed 
"ha i swear, guys can be so much more dramatic than girls   grow some balls! lol  playful "
is insanely happy  smile  woo! haha
bahaha <propfemale>! guess who my mom said looks like a monkey???! lmao!
it rained today!!!!  smile 
hmm  does anyone know how to get a music tab thingy on here??
hates being sick  and hates having second thoughts  blah  ha
24 days!  smile  woo! can't wait to get my new phone!
24 days! woo! ha i still dont feel my age  normal??  playful 
needs to face her fears!  smile  i am determined  lol
vit la vie au maximum!  smile 
sitting  waiting  wishing  *sigh*
urghhhhhh there goes all hope of having a good bday  sad 
hmmm 3 weeks  smile  woo! at baileyssss!!! ha ice skating was fun  
all we ever do is say goodbye   
is going to watch tv  im actually in an amazing mood  and i'll be even happier if ya'll would text me  smile  *waiting*
"wow   facebook is being insanely lame  so for anyone i was talking to, feel free to text me  smile "
got my new phone  excited for my bday coming up! yay!  smile 
should i keep trying when he's making no effort and showing no interest? nope! lol his loss 
"varsity guys: great game!  smile  you guys put up a fight! refs made some lame calls,  but oh well  still, you guys did well  laugh "
in an amazing mood!  smile 
"going to make my brother lunch, be back later  text me  smile "
says goodnight everyone!  smile  hope everyone has a great night and fantastic day tomorrow! haha im in the best mood!  laugh 
and i wanna wake up with the rain  falling on a tin roof  while im safe there in your arms  smile  so come away with me   
is in an amazing mood  smile  just livin' life   who wants to join me??  laugh 
"wowww   i think its funny how people who have no talent what-so-ever think they're the greatest creation of our time! sorry <propmale>, but anyone can do that   "
is very happy  smile 
im cheesier than provalone  smile  haha
"lovely how i always scare every guy away   so since im so used to this, i know from e playful erience that they need space  which means, leave him alone  anything else i need to know?? ha"
i am in a fantastic mood  smile  we should talk!
"out of high school   its surreal  really  i dont think it has fully hit me yet  i was at that school for 9 years and i havent cried yet? it definitely hasnt hit me, cause i know i'll miss everyone very much  sad "
i can't believe i've graduated  ha
"life has so many twists and turns; and this one, i was not ready for  ha but i've learned that it only teaches me to be better prepared  e playful ect  the une playful ected  smile "
i'm in love  smile       with country  playful  lol
"i am in a fantastic mood  smile  which means, its a good time to talk to me  smile  aha"
i cant help but wonder what i did to make him not want to be my father anymore but make him more than happy to be theirs   
i'm glad that i have everyone i need in my life  i am thankful for those who actually love me and are there for me  thank you  smile 
"so, speaking of people in my life that i love    we're going paintballing next week   who wants to go??!  smile  let me know and we'll put it all together "
"right now, life is pretty sweet  let's hope it lasts  smile "
"\i like it in that small chair in the corner\""  smile """
"i feel the sun creepin' up like tick tock  i'm trying to keep you in my head but if not  we'll just keep running from tomorrow with our lips locked  yeah   you got me begging begging  baby, please don't go  smile "
i think i am in need of some advice   anyone care to try?
"i may not like my job anymore   but other than that, life is good  smile  finally "
"wow, everyone's   changed  i kinda wish it was back to the way it was  but it can't be  we just have to move on and deal with the present "
"i really don't like it when people don't stick to their word  especially when they're supposed to be a really good friend  oh well, i guess  time to start helping with christmas decorations  yayyy  lol  smile  have a great sunday everyone!"
it's really cold  and i really don't like it  lol
smile  smile  it'll do ya some good?
secondhand serenade is great  smile  so relaxing  i love it 
just thinkin'    what if things were different? or what if things never changed? like the skip and pause button  i kinda wish i had a life remote right now  like the movie click 
thinkin'   a lot 
"thinking  really, really thinking   a lot "
ughh  im a complete mess!
"\being deeply loved by someone gives you strength  while loving someone deeply gives you courage  \""  smile """
"\love comes when manipulation stops; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you  when you dare to reveal yourself fully  when you dare to be vulnerable   \""  love """
