2bfed690cde7fb1fcdb8107a9467d0eb
"first saturday off since i started working at pizza hut over a year ago     i loved it!!!!! slept in, spent time with family, took my greatgrandparents to my church in rockport and alterserved  joyful   went home and now imma go out with my sister "
played once again  think ill ever stop falling for that cruel trick?
ich habe deutsch prufung morgen!!!! ahhhhh!!!!!  annoyed  ich brauche schlafen! (lol i totaly brutalized the <propmale> but im to tired to correct it)
ich habe deutsch prufung huete!!!! ahhhhh!!!!!  annoyed  ich brauche schlafen! (lol i totaly brutalized the <propmale> but im to tired to correct it)
off to work!!!!  laterz  be back home around 1 tonight
told you id be home at one lol  just got off work and now im bored  go back in at 10 am- 2pm  short work day but they most likely ask me to stay till 10pm tomorrow so it might be a long one
had a great time with <propfemale> and <propmale> at pool   i loved sing my baby <propfemale> and im missing my other baby girl <propfemale>!
"homework time   dont e playful ect to be able to get ahold of me, im picking up extra shifts at work and turning my phone off for the week  laters"
good luck getting ahold of me    byes!
brutal day at work   taks tomorrow - -  and still feeling distant  you can talk to me  but dont be suprised if u get my wrath
partied with some friends  made out with this fffiiinnneee chick!
party!!!!!!!!!!!!   love parties!!!!
leave me the hell alone   i just need some time to myself to think things threw
tore the muscle on my back between the lumbar and thoratic section of the vertabre  im in so much freaking pain! the medacine doesnt even touch the pain  annoyed 
es gibt schulfrei!!!!!!  woots!!!!!!!!
12 hour work shift  got slammed!!!! but i made $70  dead tired though  going to the aquarium with lil sister monday and chillen with older sister wed hopefully
played pool with jason  was sweet!!!!!!!!!
"had a wonderful day! took kassy to the aquarium, played pool with my older sister and 2 step bros and best friend then to the surf club with all them, now dannys spending the night!! woots!!!!!!!!!!!"
"life of <propfemale> vega- wake up, go to school (8am-3 smile 5pm), take <propfemale> and <propfemale> home, go home, have 10 <propfemale> to get dressed and get to work wich takes an 8 <propfemale> drive to get to  work till 9 which really ends up being 10 smile 0  stay up all night doing homework  take shower, take 3 hr sleep, restart everything over again  funny part is   weekends r worse  basically, i have no life - -"
just got ungrounded
 annoyed  to many school projects at once and not enough time in a day   i need sleep!!!!!
<propmale> project went bye bye   rawr! im screwed now
so tired  annoyed  i dont know how imma stay awake to finish this <propmale> project due tomorrow
moving date is officially june 5  omg so soon! we're staying in portland!!!!
moving on june 5th!
off to work  looks like another long night
"lets look at my schedule   work and school   ooooo!!!!!! so exciting! if u cant find me, now u know y  sorry but i stopped texting at work and school  the only time i text now is between 3 smile 5 and 5"
"tired from work, all i wanna do is sleep"
finally home!!!! and now i gets to stay up and do homework   
"cleaning my room   kinda scared    its been to long, been to busy   ah!!!! it might eat me!!!!!!"
nom nom nom nom nom    
what do u do when u realize u think way to much?   you work all the time so u stop thinking   what do u do when u realize ur like a zombie cause all u do is work?   i'm not to sure anymore
long night
"a little boy died today at chuck-e-cheese, my friends and i witnessed it   life seems so sereal   i pray for him and his family "
last day of school is tomorrow! woots!!!!!
"adventurous day today! passed all my finals, ate at toco <propfemale> and went to the movies with <propfirst>, now im off to work and hopefully mom will let me go to the vault for the out of school party some of my friends are throwing there"
"awesome night! watched a movie, went to work and then hit the club with some friends!"
"graduation night was horrific at work but tonight will be even worse cus of all the graduation parties today, save me!  annoyed "
"vielbeschäftigt mit packen!  annoyed    \very busy with packing!  annoyed     (moving day is saturday! omg!)"
<propmale> <propmale>- friends in low places
"so for the past week ive been having very wierd vivd dreams and non repeat, infact they are completely different except for these 4 things that happen in every one1) ghost, theres always a ghost in it at some time\2) some type of fighting or war\3) im running away or from something but idr what it is\4) im  trying to find answeres to somethingidk what any of it means, what do yall think?"
"who has seen the movie \why did i get married\""   if you have then u must agree that the 80 20 rule is sssoooooo true!"""
"some ppl for summer cleaning, take everything out of their house and deepclean it like crazy then have a garage sale to get rid of everything they dont want and put the rest back      we just get a new house  joyful "
i made the baf auditions!!!!! im starting off in the adult choir to build confidence though but thats all kool
"surrender saved my life- this beautiful republic\all i need to be- fireflight\swept away- flyleaf\rise up- bless the fall\reach- eyes set to kill\unbreakable-ffireflight\the surface- the beautiful republic"
"fun day with <propmale> today! headed back to work, boooooo! lol lets make the big bucks!"
     i dont even know anymore     
new haircut!!!!   joyful 
"hoping with each new day i'm moving forward\i push the fear away and i let go 'cause \i'm so through with barely hanging on\leaving what's in the past behind \i've come closer to crossing over the line\and i won't stop until i get what i've been fighting for\\~all i need to be~   by: fireflight"
so confused lately
"closing tonight and tomorrow, so ill be home late   annoyed "
funfact #10 it's not laughing at me since i'm laughing with you
hey
funfact #12 now ur laughing out loud
funfacts   lol
funfact of the night- goodnight world!
someone egged my car last night! - - why me?
not only did someone egg my car but also someone hit the front of my car while i was at the movie theater with my best friend - - this is officially not my day  why me?!
ah! why am i so sore?! im used to working 10 hour shifts
"i need some sort of change in my life, that would be nice "
adventuras day!
"boring morning and afternoon, looking for an exciting night with the crew tonight though!"
sometimes i wonder what would happen if i didnt have music to help me think things threw and help with life itself and the many questions that will nvr be answered
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours  you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty and the question will be completely between you and me, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you"
"long night at work, ganna be an even longer day tomorrow, txt me or i might lose my sanity at work lol"
past couple nights have been crazy! thank the lord for music or id probably go insane by now
"memories still haunt me when i hear the lil kids at work scream, makes me think of that lil boy i saw, is it still supposed to affect me sometimes?"
long night fo sho! good thing i love my job
"messed up real bad this time yall, if i dont get on for a while you know why "
lmfao! the computer at workk shut down and it was total chaos! amazing day of work day beofre i leave on vacation with the family! later work! have fun without me!
loving the outdoors! wish i could just stay here
vacation ended to soon! but i had a blast and glad to be back
interesting first day back
"amazing what you can learn about ppl from just reading their posts on here, finally got home from work, hope i can go to surfclub, it be nice to see all my friends again, busy day ahead of me so probably going to sleep now  night world"
"does anyone else wonder who is looking at your status's? makes you wonder who pays attention and who doesnt care   wierd thought, i know"
loving life!!!!
why is it after a long hard day at work and closing so i get home uber late and is exhausted  i still cant sleep?  - -
its amazing when life just smacks u in the face and you realize stuff about u you nvr realized before    ive figured out i have some stuff i need to work out if i ever wanna go somewhere with my life
"thanks <propfirst> - - you got me and mom sick, work will be hell with no voice"
"feeling alot better! schools going great, no complaints yet  joyful "
"bye bye somatoform disorder project  crying    my computer just lost my entire project that is due tomorrow, shoot me?"
"looks like another long night with lots of homework, forcing down coffee, blairing the music, and periodically walking around helps u stay away so i have learned  any other suggestions?"
gettin the promotion i asked for!  joyful  uber excited! lots to do first though but itll be worth it!  smile 
"i need critics on my new pictures under album photojournalism, be 100% honest, no matter how brutal, i can take it"
"lost my car keys, going mad trying to find them, awesome day other than that"
"kinda wanna go out tonight since it's the only night i can, hit me up if u wanna go to the clubs or shoot some pool, u gots my number"
"awesome night with my friends! tore up the pool hall and gettin better  joyful   also found my car keys, yay!!!!!!!!!  was going mad without them! haha"
"so   i almost died today between corpus and the island, some stupid charger cut me off and decided to slam on his breaks so i had to slam on mine and swerve to miss him  annoyed      exciting day"
distubed concert with <propmale> tonight!!!!! cant wait!!!!! uber excited!!!!!
best concert ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so   today i found out from personal e playful eriance (on accident!) that    dry ice   really really burns!!!!!!!  dont touch it!!!!  sad   i have bandaids all over my hands  i looks funny and i hurts
"sometimes i wonder what its like to be <propmale> and not have to worry or have a job and just have life made     then i see a <propmale> person and am so gratefull i am not them  im in joying life right now and though i am working hard getting barely any sleep, i can atleast be thrilled by lifes simple pleasures be thankfull for what i already have, love the people around me and have a great life"
"so all honesty here       i hate this!!!!! wake up at 7am   school all day   then work   then stay up all night doing homework   do it all over again    just saddens me when i hear about all the parties and good times i pass up and how i nvr see my friends and family anymore  i feel invisible most of the time, life is not easy and the worst part is it gets harder from here on :-\\"
i like it on my bed or on the floor or in my car  smile 
             
"not really sure what to say anymore, just kinda living my life, nothin new"
"physics class we r making rockets   \he said: hey can you pass me the scissors?\she says: if i stab you with them does that count?"
very long day at work   annoyed  but all in all still a good day
"missed homecomming,hope all my friends had a great night, i did! work was fun and i meet some interesting customers, got to see my best friend and some old friends from ingleside, everyone was happy funny and fun, all in all a great night"
"omg! so today i totally relaxed all day! it was amazing! i slept in, woke up, had the house to my self and watched movies all day just chillaxin    it was very much needed!"
just kinda bored    bleh
so   i just finished watching the wedding date   pretty good movie   if i was forced to be around my ex fiancé i'd probably hire a date to torched him to  r they in the yellow pages by <propmale>? jk jk  it's a funny movie u should watch it
so      ya
dreams can really suck sometimes
"life is as boring, plain, and bleh as ever"
interesting weekend i would have to say
"so i just dyed my hair red but u can't even tell, sadness  crying "
so   i was called into work today and said no for the first time   would be proud of myself but the real reason i said no was because the doctor said i shouldn't work and need to rest and relax my back  annoyed  why is saying no so hard?
"job hunting today, doubt i'll get any but it's worth a try, wish me luck!"
omg it's impossible for me to apply at chillies! i get there at 3:40 and they said it's still to late to apply come back tomorrow between 2 and 4   - - i have school till 3:45
came back with one app    the world has gone electronic and my internet has been down for 2 weeks   then decided switching jobs ain't worth it so imma stick it out 
so    i really dislike thursday    it seems to be an extremely boring and extra long day
so    it's pretty sad when u don't even want to breathe cus the slightest movements hurts ur back and feel like ur ganna collapse soon  feels like i'm getting shocked for moving - -
"so had to leave school early yesterday    went to the chiropracter, took some more x-rays   neck looks alot better but lower back   not looking so good, going back today to get some more results"
"never again, i don't even wanna drive, just wanna walk everywhere"
so     ya
"helped mom with her photography job all night, skipped school, slept till noon, 2 doc appt  then off to work at 5 smile 0"
"they have decided to total my car  crying  oh well shiz happens right? besides i been enjoying my walks everywhere, they're relaxing"
"cooking all day, family and friends just showed up, amazing funfilled day, hope yalls holiday is just as good, happy thanksgiving!"
<propmale> and <propmale> got my internet to work again! yay!!!!!  joyful 
"my sister, mom and moms best friend <propfemale> left around 8 smile 0 pm to do black friday shopping they wanted me to go but i said no it is now 4:15 am and they are still out in the crazyness while im at home with chad(step dad), danny(angelas husband)  we've been threw a chocolate pie, fi laugh  my computer, a phone and something else,played some video games and now we are onto some movies    awesome funfilled night in all!"
sleep! i need sleep before i go work a closing shift! lol oh well it was well worth it
interesting night last night
so i have come to the conclusion and decision that    i have the worst luck with men ever - -  lol!
"bored in school, day off work and no one to <propfemale> out with"
starting to hate my dreams - -
comment on my new photojournalism pictures i just posted pls  joyful 
"long week and it just keeps getting longer, counting down the days till the cruise! relaxation yes!!!!!!!"
"enjoying all the hours im getting at work, but dang! its been hella crazy and i am warn out hard core lol  its 11pm just got home and now time for homework  hope i dont fall asleep again haha  wish me luck!"
playing dancing in the rain= epic fun!   gotta love rain  joyful 
"hey ppls  pretty bored in economics, not doing anything  give me a txt if ur bored too  smile "
"need a lil <propfirst> bublé, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfemale> mclachlan, enya, <propfemale>, practical magic and even some seal and i'm good to go to bed  night y'all!!!!"
"so      i thought mom had said we owe $8000 and insurance would only pay $300, of course i cried right on the spot cus i don't have that money, but turns out i misherd her and they're really paying all the car off and $200 of the deductable, i only owe $300 now lol yay!!!"
so    it was an extremely long night   but the gp choir came over to have pizza and everyone was amazingly awesome! thank you guys for giving me a great night!
"so i really need to see dr  krugman    ever since my accident ive been having massive headachs, alot of pain, cant concentrate on anything and my back has been killing me and wont stop spazzing out on me   *sigh* i hate complaining but this is getting worse and idk how much more i can handle"
"awesome day today  ganna chill with an old friend, hit me up if u wanna chill with us "
"finally home  wonderfull day  cleaned the kitchen then went to chillies with my best friend <propmale>, then to <propmale> world were i ran into an old friend of mine i havent seen in 3 years and then went to work wich was also pretty good! looking forward to this week!"
"need a date to the pizza hut christmas party, seeming on how i highly doubt i'll get a bf or a gf by the 23rd and we r also allowed to bring family my epic date shall be my crazy awesome older sister <propfirst>! i shall teach her how to cook homemade fudge for the potluck! it will be an awesome night! always is with <propfirst>"
"we leave tomorrow for an awesome vacation and no one will be able to get ahold of me for 4 days  joyful  excited! then i get back and work has a christmas party, excited for that too, for now there's alot of cleaning and packing, not so excited bout that lol"
"im ready to sail away and forget everything! forget all the stresses of school and work and some friends and their dramas and boys girls  wont remember anything when i get back, ill be starting like its a new place  cant wait to finally relax! i wont be able to talk to yall so just know i love you! i get back on the 20th i believe"
"omg, back in the us! 5 hour drive home, ugh! lol someone txt me"
"so we meet some amazing ppl on the cruise, we dined with them for the dinners  truely amazing ppl  thank you for some fun times the scotts' family"
"ok first day back at work, eh   "
"long day, ended up closing, work at 4, need to sleep, night world!"
"pizza hut work party tonight, heck ya!"
spending time with my grumpy(grandpa) and family in rockport
shootin some pool with my sister and her friends  heck ya!!!!!
second day in a row for a double shift at work   i'm beat! closing tomorrow for new years 
finally signed up to take the act    
"<propfemale>s birthday tomorrow  then weekly meeting with the bridesmaids to help plan the wedding  this should be interesting, i've nvr helped plan a wedding or been a bridesmaid before  uber excited and extremely happy <propfemale> and <propfirst> r inlove with eachother  congrates guys!  joyful "
"meet a great guy  he leaves for military   meet another great guy  he's dating so we become friends   meet an awesome girl   she's engaged to her gf    anyone else seeing a trend? lol  oh well, least i have some kool friends now  smile "
lets see     
$300 for the class ring im loving  crying 
that storm was intense! it started hailing hard core and everyone woke up  it lookd like snow kinda 
wierd day today
"saturday and sunday off   score!!!!! maybe we can get some more wedding planning wth <propfemale> done    training a new server at work, funstuff always   "
was called into work   long long day  chillen with the family now
ever feel like ur being ignored and because of it u think to much for your own good? that's pretty much how i feel with some friends right now - -
donating blood today! come join me peeps!
"\you laugh at me because i am strange   i laugh at you because you are stupid\""    haha! <propfemale> you are so right! this quote totally does sound like me! thanks!  joyful """
kinda wierd when ppl notice u in the hall and get offended when u dont notice them back o o   sorry if i dont say hi lol   was slammed at work tonight but all the customers were extremely nice and considerate  celebrating my greatgrandmothers birthday tomorrow  might go clubbing with <propfirst> and her peeps  looking forward to an awesome day!
and my plans for an awesome day go south   oh well   call me if anyone is down to chill
up in da club wit my sis!!!!
"y do i have to be sick, i can't afford it "
