670ca66d65365f03d304981b3c819ae8
my tooth still hurts   is this normal?
"nice work, citizens of eagle, who managed not to hurt anyone, including themselves, on new year's night "
"i just realized that packaged cookie dough from the store has the message \do not eat raw cookie dough \"" how could i have gone so long without knowing this fact? what salmonella?"""
"nice work guys on retaining the street light!  it's too bad we weren't the fastest team in the race's history   2008 efd team wins 25 - 30 over this years team   in fact, if this years team would have tied the '07 bfd team for the second fastest team in h"
fingers numb from la guitara   
"please fatty finger callouses, please hurry up an come   "
<propmale> armstrong   team radio shack 2010!
"today at a glance, thus far: went to bed @ ~0 smile 0   woke up @ ~3 smile 0  ate smoke until 8 surprise 0  got back to the station, cleaned up my gear and showered by 9 surprise 0   attempted to leave for my post-work bike ride, had a flat tire  fixed the flat tire   attempted po"
barbecuing for lunch   ironic 
about to rip the yard up some more    ugh
"i think (and hope) i managed to get my hvac system leak-proofed today, but what would have really helped would have been a midget with monkey arms   "
spent the day rippin' up the yard again   
spent 8 hours playing with sprinklers and planting trees   thanks for the help <propfemale>   
almost done with the yard   
"an e playful loratory off-trail hiking e playful edition with t + a slightly unprepared <propfemale> = fun (countless abrasions, a few lacerations and contusions, and something that feels like a sprained pcl   )  next time remind me to wear long pants, shoes with traction, and <propfemale> a machete!"
"almost a year of having <propfirst> and not seeing much more than him sleeping, eating, and moving about   in the past three days we've seen lizard lovin' and the production of the magically appearing gecko waste-pebbles   nature is unfolding within the confines of my home   "
go broncos
pleased the broncos pulled off the ugly win  disappointed we had to be ugly in the win 
"nice work bsu   almost kicked as much butt as my girlfriend did in her race today   almost   way to go <propfemale>, i'm proud of you!"
"alright, now only 1 more mtn west team has to lose and it's a lock!"
"towing: $171  total rebuild: 5k   make it driveable: 2k   six days of research, much appreciated support from friends and family, and one day of hard work: priceless   oh, okay, there's a price   it's just about 30% of what i would have paid without all the priceless stuff! long live the rav!!!"
oregon may be the bronco's best friends this season   
looks like slow starting bronco football   again   when will the can open?
did you hear it?  pop    fizzz!
0 points in 15 minutes   15 pts in 135 seconds   
resurecting the rav
it is getting seriously painful being a seahawk charger fan 
<propfemale> is telling me she caught the bouquet at a friends wedding   and she's not kidding 
"i'd bet there is a lot of unhappy betting bronco fans today, thanks to that stupid late score   "
the chargers suck!  it's a good thing i bet against them tonight   
some potential game implications this weekend for bsu   watch out iowa and tcu   
"and idaho, 15 pt underdogs to <propfemale>?"
"it's strange to see the broncos playing during a day game, when it is night here   "
a yard in a half punt?!
sick and tired of bsu's hot-headed show-boats!
"up at 4 smile 0, drive ~1000 <propmale>, check in to hotel, eat, get prepared to learn   "
"went over building construction all day  it was very infomative, but unfortunately, death by powerpoint and slide show   one more day like this tomorrow, then we get to start curring!"
kung fu panda isn't nearly as stupid as i thought it would be   
i'll never look at building construction and ventilation the same way   
"long, but good, day of ventilation practice   "
"more vent today   then a long, boring classroom session over ppa (positive pressure attack) and elevators "
"i just got in trouble for playing my guitar in the stairwell at my hotel   besides the fact that the acoustics are superior, i figured it would also be kinder to my neighbors     maybe the security guard thought i was a drifter   "
"field trip day after 3 hours of class   alarm panels, elevators, ppv, and high-rise building construction   btw, happy \ween\"" of the \""hallo\""-ed variey!"""
a day off   hope everyone is doing good today 
"it was a day of lecture (3 hours of r i c ) and 4  (<propmale> prop, limited visibility, low visibility, and profiling) search and rescue stations (5 hours total)   i'm glad i have knee pads, or i'd be a hurtin' unit "
2  smoke will kill you   either now or later  wear your scba whenever you are around smoke!  i'm not even excited about bbq anymore   
"3  r i t (or rig ric) is important, not something to poute about   there is plenty to do   all of which increase the survivability of an incident, if it were to happen "
one last day   testing our knowledge 
back in town   
2010 firefighter stairclimb: registered 
i was told by a claims rep for my insurance company that the dude i got in a wreck with claimed that i was not the driver that got in a wreck with him   that some other person was driving   and that i got in my car and took the blame    does that mean it never really happened?
"i need maroney to get 5 yards receiving, or 9 yards rushing to win my fantasy football game   "
i don't know if my cell phone is worth as much as it has cost me   
"i appreciated all of the concern support from everyone after wrecking the rav, but the related phone <propmale> was astronomical!"
"does everyone else lose \anytime\"" minutes for calling their voice mail?"""
"i'm just glad i distanced myself from the seahawks, because watching them would be even more painful   "
"completed a 5 line parlay, good for 21:1 payout   too bad i didn't have more money on it   "
going to the dentist    weeeee!
"let's go fiesta bowl committee, make the right choice and bring back the broncos   you won't be disappointed "
yeah boy!!
and how many cubic feet of snow will i shovel this year?
2 5 hours of shoveling today   please don't snow tonight 
forget <propfirst>! everyone loves <propmale> 
<propfemale> christmas!
"spent an hour and thirty minutes in a dentist chair today  a filling and a crown   what an all-around pain, including in my wallet  but, i put it off for three years, which was long enough   i can't wait until i can eat normally again   "
"e playful erienced a top-3 pain today     eating desert (ice cream and brownies) during the fiesta bowl, i dislodged the crown from my tooth   i thought the pain from the sweet frostiness was bad   until i used toothpaste (per dentist instructions) to re-adhere my crown   one week to go until i get my real crown and i hope it feels better than this temp   oh yeah, nice work broncos!"
"was there some sort of hidden facebook message that mandated females to write in their bra color?  or did someone just start a successful fad?  and i'm assuming the dudes are writing about their underwear  ?  if that's the case, put me down for white and tight, with a little daylight   "
"hoping that the eagle fire stairclimb team aluminum can recycling drive goes well   if you want to help us raise money for the leukemia and lymphoma society by saving collecting your aluminum cans and bringing them to any eagle station, or my house, or if you save up a good amount, i'll come pick them up   yes, i know the last sentence wasn't good "
"this morning i got out of bed & almost fell over  then i began sweating profusely  then i dove into the bathtub & vomited several times  five hours & several pukes later & i'm still dizzy  i don't think i have a temp & when i'm laying down, i feel fine  never e playful erienced anything like this before, & i'm not a puker   in fact, i doubled the number of pukes in my lifetime   does anyone know what's wrong with me?"
feeling better   even ran a few <propmale>  thanks 
"to the coworker that ate 4 of the 5 leftover hot wings i accidentally left in the fridge at work, but came back later to pick up: why did you only eat 4 of them? i mean, there were 5 smedium, not-so-hot wings in there to begin with  would it have killed you to polish off that last 1 75 oz of wing meat? it would have been easier on me   what am i going to do with one hot wing?  i can't eat one little wing!"
little <propfirst> had a seizure today   pretty much scarred me for life   luckily he is still alive 
got four weeks until the seattle stair climb 
"any of my friends in the seattle area have a place for me to crash on march 6th?  i have a race downtown on march 7th   no pressure, i'm just looking at options   send me a message if you think this is do-able "
"climbed up 168 floors, down 80 floors, then had a number 2 w cheddar and grilled onions from fuddruckers   topping it off with the oly's   what a great evening "
thank god i'm not a figure skater!!!
"i have a love hate relationship with the olympics  i love watching it, almost every event as a matter of fact  it's so inspirational and motivating  the problem is, i watch so much of it that i don't leave much time to act on my motivation   "
i still feel terrible for sven kramer 
no more olympics   what the heck am i supposed to watch now?
heading out to yakima   350 <propmale> away 
alive and in yakima   
seattle ya voy!
"back in yak   13:50; 29 seconds faster than last year; but not the fastest in idaho this year   i tip my theoretical cap to you, <propfirst> <propfirst> of bfd "
"after a year of planning and <propfemale>, i can finally announce: i will soon be a resident of eagle   "
eliminating the human race one box of girl scout cookies at a time   
march madness   my favorite time of year 
never lost my national champ this early before   
i'm starting to think my frequency of illness has something to do with my line of work   
got my first sunburn of the year yesterday and my first bike ride in today   
"<propfirst> <propmale>, brain pioneer or mental enslaver?"
happy easter everybody
"anyone know anything about naked mole rats, apart from what i have found online? do you think we have them in southern id, eagle to be specific?"
"proud of my mother, who, at age 60 completed robie creek (the toughest half-marathon in the nw), and got 3rd place in her age group   by the way, it was the first half-marathon in her life "
"upon further analysis of the robie creek results, it turns out my mom would have got second, maybe even first, had she not succumbed to the photo ops, the table of seduction and the sweet orange soda it promised   you see, she was the fastest in her age group to the top of the hill by about two minutes "
"still waiting on my new house   but putting in a bazillian hours fixing up my current one     oh, and subconsciously i guess i decided that my cell phone needed to be left in the pocket of my \work shorts\"" and placed in the washing machine     didn't even make it a year   """
"unfortunately, last night i disvocered the worst meal ever to vomit up    mongolian bbq   i don't think i'll be able to eat my leftovers  i got some type of virus and within one hour of beginning to feel sick, i began evacuating  this virus doesn't mess around and i hope nobody else gets it "
"main street mile practice @ centennial hs, 8 pm tonight   bring your fast legs!"
"i finally am a legal resident of eagle, id   "
"yes, i'm as fast as i was in 7th grade again   "
"ever wonder how well you could do at sports betting? here is a free site which can help you find out, and win actual money, even if it is a small amount  definitely worth a shot  just use the url below and you could be winning in no time \\http annoyed  www centsports com ref 567941 kelsey_backen"
"for all my boise friends who know what general tso's chicken is supposed to taste like, i just found the best i have ever had in boise  the general lives at the north end chinese restaurant, on the nw corner of state street & 18th  don't let his humble dwelling-place deceive you, for the general lurks in une playful ected places  eat in, or drive through, look for #15 (i recommend the pork fried rice), & prepare to battle "
<propfemale> christmas everyone! be safe if you are traveling!
nice work seahawks   on being the worst team ever to make the playoffs 
"thank you <propfemale>, arnett, <propmale>, and <propfemale> for getting me to my fund-raising goal for the stair climb!!"
"for all you workout-oholics out there, i've got a workout for you (thanks to friend <propmale>)  the challenge is: 400 push ups, 400 sit ups, & 4 <propmale> on a treadmill in under 1 hour  break up your sets however you want  if you want a harder challenge, beat my time of 48:46 4  i set the treadmill @ 1% incline & the sit ups were done w my feet under an object, arms crossed my chest, elbows to thighs  let me know how you do "
"wondering why you're only seeing status updates from the same people? facebook has changed its news feed so that by default you can only see updates from people you have recently interacted with! to change this click the arrow next to 'most recent' then \edit options\"" and tick the box to receive updates from all friends  most importantly - repost this! only a few of your friends will actually see it """
snowing hard and it's 38 degrees outside   
"okay, so i have a \relationship status change   \"""""
thankful for friends
"for those of you who didn't see the seattle stair climb results, i finished 11th overall with a time of 13:15  shaved 35 seconds and 12 places off of last year's time  our team finished 20th, which is our best placing in the three years we fielded a team "
