dd9b269e2cdb56f584ced8f5f9e3b0db
still has lots of laundry to do    sad 
t o u c h d o w n !! let's go falcons! what a way to start off work   now hopefully i won't be late from watching the game    wink 
"finally!, a schedule change that i like!  smile "
"smh, what is the world coming to when father's are pickin up dates for their son at the grocery store!"
"god bless the first chilean miner that made it out too safety, and also bless those miners and their families who have yet to be rescued "
"gotta be up for work in five hours but there's too much good news going on for me to sleep, don't wanna miss anything while i'm down and out, lol!!  smile "
"managed to get up in time for work even though i just fell asleep a few hours ago, lol   smile "
many blessings and well wishes to @<propfirst> twistedmind nash and @<propfemale> bivins!! congratulations!  laugh 
"ugh, i was anxious to get off before   now i really wanna be off  6hrs and countin, lol   annoyed "
i will not be able to go to sleep until the last person in that mine is safely back on land; miners and rescuers included!!
woohoo!! one more miner to go!!  laugh  [plus rescuers]
and they're all out!! now time to get those rescue workers!!
"last rescue worker has made it into the capsule all by himself, but with millions of people still watching he is not alone!"
all are well now    laugh 
just woke up with a huge ass headache and gotta be to work in 4hrs    this is not a good sign  :[
"although i don't always like changes, some new e playful eriences are good   smile "
will someone please put this dog outta misery?? he's been barkin since 1am and i'm still up listenin to him     annoyed 
feelin chicken <propmale> tonight  
scratch that   make it little caesars  laugh 
"the past is the past and there is nothing that can change that, but it is disappointing at times to realize later on that what you believed to had been true, never really was   "
"you know that i would, if only i could  "
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong & drove me crazy at times  moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom!"
"still can't believe i went through with it, but it was most definitely for a good cause "
west ga bound to see courtsport rush and <propfirst> crochran!  laugh 
"this female just said \you could be a lemon for halloween   \"" - courtsport rush smdh!!"""
only you could make a good moment go bad
but he can make it better!
gone to vote  
"feels most accomplished today, finally got some important business taken care of "
"is it so hard to just be real, at least with yourself if no one else  ?"
"<propfemale> is a bitch, and i love her  "
so proud of my niece jayla cox for making it into the beta club!!  smile 
"woke up at 6:40 for this work meeting and can't go back to sleep now   oh well, time to find me some hot cocoa "
"had a good time tonight at amc fork and screen   saw due date, funniest movie i've seen this year!!"
34mins and 33secs still no closer to understanding the mind of kanye west   fyi: runaway is an interesting video   and selita ebanks is beautiful!
"at the doctor's, someone come get me please!!  sad "
"yum, yum, yum!!  laugh "
"what do you do when you realize that in you lies the ability, knowledge, and will to e playful ose the lies of many, ruin others reality, and bring truths to light?? most people don't understand that just because something hasn't be said about the wrongs done doesn't necessarily mean it never will be   and another thing, never underestimate the power of a woman on a mission who has nothing left to lose  "
well now that that's over with   
am i really the only one still up at this time??  annoyed 
"even though i never got to meet you, i will always love you   <propfemale> baldwin <propmale> january 31, 1931 - november 11, 1988 "
"uhm, not hatin or nothin but who in the world keep comin up with all these facebook status games??"
"lmao!! i found this in a \fortune cookie\""   \""time heals all wounds but excedrin speeds the process  \"" very true """
"and now you got someone who don't treat you right, \you already know who use to treat you right, \you look for me and you know i be out of sight,\when you the one who told me to get out ya life,\that's unfortunate that you didn't believe in me   \unfortunate - <propmale> songz"
christmas carols!!  laugh 
"rain, rain go away    sad "
phone is trippin and my warranty just ended a week ago!!  sad 
just got off the phone with my insurance claim   new phone anyone??!!  laugh 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
loves days like these  
"lookin for a cute matching set of gloves, scarf, and hat cause if today is to be an example it's gonna be a c o l d winter!"
uhm   again not hatin but all these number status are bout to make me start blockin folks from my news feed   
"aww, my poor baby needs some new struts    annoyed "
watching my first episode of glee ever and now i see why people like this show so much  smile 
a lot of the times people just don't know what they really want   and that's where most of their problems begin  
"must, must, must get <propfemale> hilson's cd!!"
"at my old elementary school, cks, funny how it seemed so much bigger back then  "
watching spanglish    love this movie!  smile 
lunar eclipse 2010    love 
is it okay to still be excited about presents even at twenty??
p m w       thumbs up! k'la the lyricist
black&red   f a l c o n s  b a b y!!!
t o u c h d o w n ! !  wink 
wooooo!!! 13 - 10 baby touch fn down!!
my bad make that 14 - 10     wink 
"don't wanna place the blame on any one person for the lost, but damn all i can think is that if a certain someone hadn't fumbled the ball    oh well  still #1, but ugh why did it have to be a lost to the saints  "
"how is that i have two closets full of clothes, but never anything to wear  ?!"
six days    smile 
hmm   and i thought you knew me better than that? guess not 
"doing homework for the time being so i won't get in trouble later!! *cough* \natascha mosley  wink "
\s[he's] got me hooked\,dd9b269e2cdb56f584ced8f5f9e3b0db,\if your love was all i had\,dd9b269e2cdb56f584ced8f5f9e3b0db,\beautiful baby don't you know you mean the world to me\,dd9b269e2cdb56f584ced8f5f9e3b0db,sugar <propfemale> iced tea   - kelis
my fish is trippin hard    annoyed  *worried*
nevermind   he's just a fatty! x)
clearly the astronomers of the world have been effected by these snow days too if they have nothing better to do than to go and change the entire zodiac map   smh!
feeling some kinda way right now and thinking that this is just not gonna work  
late for class stuck on 20     sad 
f'ck you too then   > sad 
"i need to detox my contacts list, smdh  "
"sometimes i just want to go off on you so you would know how you make me feel, but you wouldn't even care "
"[word of the day] hypocrite - (noun) a person who acts in contradiction to his or her stated beliefs or feelings  sn: off to class, wonder what new things [note: changes] i'll learn about today "
teachings of the day: 1  traffic in atlanta is horrible! 2  i more than likely need to drop my first class 3  short legs + long distances = haulin ass! 4  <propfirst> magdelene was not a prostitue!!  smile  5  yo me gusta mucho la clase de espanol  6  turkey is a bird and a country [already knew that but it was funny at the time] 7  icthy palms = gettin' paid!  wink 
yay! first 48 is coming to dekalb county!!
craving a whole lot of stuff right now    annoyed 
!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  !!!
"it's interesting how when you are at a low point in life those who you thought were close are no where to be found, but as soon as you begin to make changes for the better they come out the woodwork to try to get you back off track  this time around i have the strength to resist temptations and the wisdom to see those for who they truly are  failure is no longer an option and i refuse to settle for less "
"lmao, gone for only two days and end up with 20 posts from farmville   x)"
