4ae9af7ec14309a2928b3d8254e2a3a9
trying to learn how to use facebook after efy  good times 
very very bored  i have done almost nothing since i got home
get to go on a canoeing trip tomorrow  pretty excited but also have a feeling it might get boring because its eight hours long 
back from canoeing  had a blast and didnt fall in til the end when we all jumped in on a rope  car broke down afterwards though 
"just got back from math camp  o ya, i would post pictures but they are all of calculators  lol, but it was actually kind of fun  it was mostly screwing around "
school sucks!
usc is gona kick butt tonight!
how bout dem cowboys
"<propmale> <propmale> has the greatest poker-face of all time  he won the 1983 world series of poker, despite holding only a joker, a get out of jail free monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game uno "
we lost    to washington?
cowboys are going to crush the giants tonight!
"is going to the movies, should be pretty good "
"ya, how bout dem cowboys!"
"cross country season is over, not sure wether to be happy or sad"
cowboys are gona own the falcons today!
when you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second  when you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour  that's relativity  - <propfirst> einstein
just saw paranormal activity  it was pretty good but not nearly what people have been playing it up to be 
had a good practice with zufalig
"if the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts  -<propfirst> einstein"
borderlands is amazing!
"so today i got a box of 120 crayons  i counted to see if they were all there, they were  but then someone said that there couldn't possibly be 120 different colors so i decided to prove him wrong by going through them all  he was right turns out there are 2 blue greens and 2 yellow greens in the box  so i called the company and complained  guess whos getting a new box and two coloring books in the mail?"
i'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets 
"thanks for the happy birthdays everyone  i just had a baby cousin born on the same day, pretty cool "
usa today has come out with a new survey: apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population 
"did you know that if you watch jaws backwards, it about a shark who throws up a ton of people until their are so many people that they open up a beach "
man  after that cowboys game i think romo is back with <propfemale> 
i have never been hurt by what i have not said   <propmale> coolidge
"are we growing up or just going down? it's just a matter of time until we're all found out take her tears, put them on ice cause i swear i'd burn this city down to show you the light"
"i've often wanted to drown my troubles, but i can't get my wife to go swimming  <propfirst> <propmale>"
"a man e playful lained inflation to his wife thus: 'when we married, you measured 36-24-36  now you're 42-42-42  there's more of you, but you are not worth as much '"
bout to go down to tennesse for thanksgiving 
so glad i had the entire week to do my homework so i could do it all sunday afternoon 
ap english essay complete!  smile 
the closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form
"read my riddle, i pray  what god never sees, what the <propmale> seldom sees, and what we see every day  what is it?"
"man, what is up with everybodys drama  its ****ing high school, get over it "
does it make me a bad person that i was really happy when i saw <propmale> tebow crying?
bout ready to watch the cowboys dominate the giants
getting out of jury duty is easy  the trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races   - <propmale> j simpson 
just got my hair cut  probably put a pic on later 
worst excuse for not turning in homework: i couldn't find anyone to copy it from 
why is it that when a guy makes fun of a girl he is sexist but when a girl makes fun of a guy she is an activist?
"cowboys got the chargers today, should be a good one "
"oxymorons: happily married, microsoft works, canadian army, united nations, government organization, military intelligence, temporary tax increase, political science, rap music, religious tolerance "
i think i'm going to chalk up <propfirst> henery's death to evolution  survival of the fittest 
"first night of winter break, did absolutly nothing"
"my cowboys be doing work, so long saints undefeated season!"
"hanging out in wylusing, pennsylvania  got pinch harmonics down finally    sorta "
can't text til sunday    fells really lame that that bother me 
back home
"computer magically just became virus free, how awesome is that!"
"music is like <propfemale>, you throw away the rappers "
ib history (mock) ia done!
"hey, all calc bc kids who would be interested in coming to my house to study for the test monday tell me so, and i guess like what time would be best for you so i can figure that out "
"phone just broke, as if i wasn't bored enough"
we can't afford to be neutral on a moving train
dang  sad 
so what if jesus turned water into wine    i turned a whole student <propfemale> into beer once  your move jesus
i think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades   or a game of fake heart attack   -- demetri <propfirst>
bout to go to the movies
the playoffs arn't as exciting without the <propfirst> cowboys in em
why are like 80 percent of the things posted a facebook people joining groups or becoming fans?
"rockclimbing    kinda crazy, and i got a free month pass, thanks fairmont athletic boosters!"
kind of excited for thursday and friday but probably should say why  i think that stay within calc bc 
laser tag tonight! lol
guess who has a cell phone again    this kid
interesting day--- took a practice calc bc ap test at 8 and fell asleep til about now
"in 1939, <propfemale> <propfemale> wrote a book originally titled, ten little indians  however, the title was considered politically incorrect and changed to and then there were none "
deadliest warrior tonight    heck ya!
ufc 114 tonight!
no more exams!!! it feels kinda wierd that the school year is over 
walmart sells machetes for $7 
back from vacation
started muay thai today!
is now qualified to operate a motor vehicle
<propfirst> cowboys first pre season game! heck ya!
has anyone else looked at the tag on your shirt and realized its seen more of the world than you have?
"kinda ticked, i cant take calculus 3 "
"just had an adventure that involved me being pretty much lost in centerville, and indian guy, and me being unable to get gas  yay?"
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, butsacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation       week     repost if you are in the military      , love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate our troops"
i always think of really cool posts then by the time i get home and get on facebook i forget them  then i remember them and realize they were not actually very good to start with 
finished writing a song i started a year and a half ago    i think i was depressed then
"\i've often thought that the process of aging could be slowed down if it had to go through congress \""\",4ae9af7ec14309a2928b3d8254e2a3a9,originality is the fine <propmale> of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it 
"i feel like aristotle was an idiot  i mean really, are there any theories of his that have not been proven inncorrect? if not, why does everybody still know about this guy?"
i am not having fun being a cowboys fan this year  sad 
cowboys could really use a win    for the sake of my self-esteem
<propmale> is gone! unfortunatley they replaced the guy contolling the struggling defense with the guy controlling the struggling offense 
"i accept said challenge! likethis and i'll tell you: 1  something i learned about you from your wall,2  the color you remind me of, 3  my first memory of you, 4  an animal you remind me of, 5  ask something i've always wanted to ask you, 6 give you a nickname, and 7  challenge you to make this as your status :"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
finally!!! the cowboys get a win!!! super bowl here we come    or not
got my electric guitar fixed after it being broke for like 6 months!!!
accepted to purdue
"somedays i sit and think, hmmm i really wish i could be just like my sister  she is so cool, i wish i compared  i love her!"
anyone else really pumped that their coming out with another elder scrolls game?
accepted into rose-hulman
<propfirst> lenin dreamed of a world full of peace and love  <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> dreamed of a world free of racial discrimination  the guy who invented the frisbe dreamed of a world where people throw a plastic disc at each other to pass time  his dream came true 
did you know you are three times more likely to die while driving to buy a lottery ticket than you are to actually win the lottery?
