de222714d8e1917af3c68bff248b56f6
figuring out the world of facebook <_>
already addicted to facebook  oh god  _ 
"everybody in love, go on put your hands up  love "
kinda can't wait until the end of april  love 
whoowhoo i'm a railroad 
i hate  my fucking car  so much fff d8<
grandpa: i look like a plastic sack full of peanut butter  me: rofl dx
18 days until i get to see him  love 
17 days  love 
16 days  love 
13 days  love 
i can't face the dark without you   
12 days  love 
11 days  love 
"just got home from raking for 3 hours   hurting, gonna go shower and see where the day goes from there *flops*"
10 days  love  can't wait to see him 
9 days  love  rawr
8 days  love  so close 
one week  love  fuck yeah 
6 days  love  getting closer 
5 days  love  can't wait!
4 days  love  eee!
3 days  love  can hardly believe it 
2 days  love  wow 
24 hours  love  this is where the countdown really gets intense  can't wait to see you baby!
in milwaukee near the end of an overly long layover  so  close  i'm in the same timezone now o o
having the best time evar in iowa with my baby  love   laugh 
a few days in and things just keep getting better  love 
"intense shit meng, intense shit "
i don't want to go hooome  sad  make time go slower 
leaving the day after tomorrow *sob*
less than a day ;-;
feeling like i'm falling apart without him 
leaving tomorrow morning to move to iowa  love  can't wait!
all moved and settling in  love 
wishing it wasn't so hot and humid outside so we could get out of the house > sad 
take the time to take my breath  love 
kinda wishing i could be home for the fireworks  sad 
excited for my mom to come visit at the end of the month! \\ o    love 
"forgot to take my pill for a few days, now i'm a sad camper  sad "
anybody know anyone that would be interested in purchasing the original set of 151 pokemon cards? > >
"feeling a little scared and alone   worried about my boyfriend who's in the hospital yet again  i can't be with him this time and they haven't called me yet  it's been almost 12 hours   i've just been trying to sleep to pass the time, but it's difficult when he's not here "
"my boyfriend's back home and recooping  things are looking up, for now  we'll see "
got a new phone and phone number for anyone who wants it or cares lol
8 months with my boyfriend  love  new record for me 
i can't sleep without you next to me  i miss you 
can't wait until my boyfriend can be released from the hospital  can we have a bit of luck on our side for once? give us a break already 
home again and hopefully getting a new house! if luck is in our favor that is :b
moving into our new house friday!  love 
"been in the hospital since tuesday, hoping that we can go home tomorrow to our new home!"
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer   "
is it sad that i'm already excited for thanksgiving? i can already feel the extra pounds  _ 
hoping to be able to volunteer at the local animal shelter soon!
i miss my <propfemale>  sad  mama loves you baby girl 
booooooooooooooooooooored  fff 
"so my boyfriend is a little strange  laugh  he talks in his sleep sometimes and this is the only time i've understood what he's said  \i fuckin hate taddle tales\""  love """
good chocolate and even greater sex  what more could you ask for on a wonderous christmas <propfemale>? happy anniversary baby  love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  love 
gonna be going home for a visit soon 
phone battery died so i won't be able to use it until the new one comes in the mail in a few days  indecision 
"hope everyone had a lovely <propfirst>'s day, i sure did! best one of my life  love "
"we got our new cat  his name is <propmale>, <propfirst> for short  love "
"okay so, warheads sour chewy cubes are fucking delicious!"
"all of us have a thousand wishes to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish-- to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour  smile "
"if you love me: comment \if you think i'm a good friend: like \if you hate me: message me and tell me why \if you ever had a crush on me, be honest: poke \if you're not scared: put this as your status"
