6253af440242c376501d36b34d8953e4
is listening to conference alone  hate being alone   
is eating yogurt and getting ready for another unorthodox humanities class 
is in the mood to crawl under a warm blanket and watch tv tonight
has never been more excited to see a doctor before in her life
is grateful for her amazing sisters and the example they give her
is taking advantage of this slow moving monday    nap time!
stole a chicken nugget from a child  sinner 
"is wondering, \why is it that when you tell a guy you want them to be happy they assume that meant with you?\"""""
can always count on the e*trade baby to make her feel better  smile 
happy birthday daddy!
loves cnn  without it she would never finish her cardio hour at the gym 
is so excited to watch the new 'modern family' in an hour
is enjoying the perfect weather today
loves those days where you wake up feeling beautiful  smile 
is so grateful for god making each day better than the last lately 
just got her ears repierced
is doing her hair and singing to good ol' <propfemale>
thinks it's a shame when attractive guys are dumb as rocks 
is taking care of a crazy little boy that won't stay in his crib for naptime 
has another cute nephew as of today 
wants it to be christmas without the snow part 
is fantastic!
feels like she lives in a seinfeld episode somedays   
is being punished for not being able to work on black friday 
"cannot wait to leave for california tomorrow  it's about time for a vacation, sheesh!"
is thankful for her crazy neices and nephews
is craving frozen yogurt
"is back home, off to write her legal studies paper "
is just too honest 
loves her family so much!
needs a distraction 
is watching operation repo with her mom  lol
hates when she's hungry but nothing sounds appealing
just had yummy thai food with her pops
is grateful for the fresh start
"hates being in the snow! instead she will listen to the bravery, cuddle under her heating blanket and do homework "
wishes she knew five years ago what she knows now
free slice wednesday! woot!
is sad  sad 
is off to her date with cupcake!
"you are beautiful, but you don't mean a thing to me "
"i wish we could open our eyes to see in all directions at the same time  oh, what a beautiful view if you were never aware of what was around you  and it is true what you say  that i live like a hermit in my own head  but when the sun shines again i'll pull the curtains and blinds to let the light in "
is so excited to begin the best year yet 
what? wedding registry on amazon com? genius!
"says, \nothing beats a long day full of painfully awkward run-ins with exes only to remind you how you'll be single the rest of your life due to a lack of self confidence and inability to trust  good thing there are more important issues in the world to present distractions    pray for haiti \"""""
hates statistics! gr!
"\it starts out like a season in reverse  a way to set your mind above and over words  attached means identity    distress call code-word is i wanna live\"""""
is sick of the hospital and not looking forward to more tests tomorrow 
is seeing what it's like to not do her hair with hope that it might look somewhat presentable 
"thinks that most women marry hoping to change the man and most men marry hoping the woman never changes  it's unrealistic, but it's reality "
"is angry that there are no scholarships for middle-class, white people born and raised in <propfemale> "
needs to get out of utah for good
woke up feeling optimistic and healthy
http annoyed  www nytimes com 2010 01 21 us 21charity html
is debating whether or not she wants to get ready today   
is looking forward to a great friday
has the sniffles
misses her sisters  sad 
"loves getting \those looks\"" when people discover she is vegan"""
"verse after endless verse, i can't escape the echoed words  i long to find a cure for the feeling i find in these chords  i smile as it burns  your face is light and cocaine white  one message beating through   "
is bueno  smile 
thinks it's interesting how everything comes together 
does not know how to make quesadillas or grilled cheese seeing as how her quesadilla is taking 20 minutes to cook  sad 
is grateful  smile 
"might possibly lose her cool and e playful lode with hateful words next time the brainwashed, ignorant soldier next to her in her international terrorism class says that we shouldn't be helping in haiti    seriously dude?!"
got a bicycle and is so excited to ride it!
bought some jeans so she is no longer swimming in her clothes  size 6 baby! woot!
doesn't think it's fair that she had to take two tests and deal with snow on her birthday  at least she's got an awesome boyfriend and good friends to celebrate with tonight!
loves oatmeal   smile 
is amazed at how careless employers will let their employees be when it comes to peoples' health and safety 
is grateful
must be the only one that sees the irony in calling an unemployed member of the <propmale> as the employment specialist
needs to do better
to do list: class  gym  write <propmale> qaeda paper  tend the nephews  class  dinner and a movie   laugh  good day indeed 
likes when <propfirst> lets her talk for hours and pretends to listen care  playful 
is down
ate a yummy yam with brown sugar
wants some change in her routine
believes enteral feeding is a genius idea for her at this point 
is psyched for the weekend!
"is stuck in her marxist philosophy class listening to haughty, socially awkward people argue about labor as commodity "
needs help in her stats class  anyone willing and able?
"really doesn't understand the female sex and thankfully, doesn't have to "
"says, so much for spring break when your philosophy teacher gives out his 10 <propfemale> essay midterm the day before   "
is so grateful
is craving donuts!
is hoping the doctor has it right this time 
really wishes people would stop putting their political opinions on facebook if they can't be adults and respect the individuals who have opposing opinions 
"\i look at the world and i notice it's turning while my guitar gently weeps  with every mistake we must surely be learning  still my guitar gently weeps \"""""
is excited for work today
is having a weekend full of anxiety
is tending baby jett
is hungry as usual
got an amazing foot scrub and massage last night from the best boyfriend in the world 
wishes people knew that tipping is sort of something you are just supposed to do!
can't believe it is already april  this year is flying by!
slept in and it felt awesome!
wants it to be summer already
just helped get a bean out of her nephew's nose 
is in san <propfirst> for the weekend  woot!
is back in utah  sad 
"hates the way her brain functions by reminding her constantly of things she needs to do \right now\"" to the point where she is overwhelmed and grumpy """
feels bad for the poor trees and flowers that are now frozen from the snow   when it's almost may   
"has a weekend full of errands, work, organizing, and missing <propfirst> "
had a great day at work today
wants you to check out the blog she and <propfemale> greer condie have! http annoyed  nowheatnomeat blogspot com 
"doesn't get the same thrill from 3d movies like everyone else, seeing as how she has zero depth perception    it's just another 2d movie, with ugly glasses "
made delicious chocolate covered strawberries with <propfirst> <propmale> 
misses her family
realized today while driving that it is much more fun to be the person pissing other people off than the one getting pissed off 
is in the mood for christmas now that it is snowing
wishes she could have synesthesia for a day 
is excited for california
is a fatty fat fatterson after vacations
has started running after 13 years of refusing 
made vegan doughnuts  uh    can you say amazing?
doesn't understand how people can call themselves christian while indecently declaring the absence of intrinsic value of all living things 
hates how populated utah county has become 
"was wondering today    if a pregnant lady became a zombie, would the fetus be a zombie fetus? you know, serious matters   "
"thinks that 10 calls a day is a bit obsessive, desperate and borderline harassment "
made nummy vegan sloppy joes with <propfirst> <propmale>  see recipe in notes 
is making a cute set of recipe cards  hurray!
is a pantry viking!
"hates getting the runaround from doctors, nurses, advisors, counselors, offices, schools, customer support, etc    pissing off the people that provide your paycheck seems to be the new cool thing to do "
got the job  smile 
wishes she were the person she should be  more work to do today   
wishes it was christmas
ahhh    the freedom of walking around naked in an empty house
would like to take a vacation to an island far far away
has gained a pound a day the past week for reasons unknown     what gives?!  sad 
is trying to find a diebetic friendly dessert to make for her coworkers  input anyone?
just had the best cantaloupe evar!
is happy  smile 
"is grateful for her good friends <propfemale> <propfirst> dolan and <propfirst> dolan   they are incredible people and without them, i would not know <propfirst>  miss you guys "
is so grateful for the beautiful life she's been blessed with
"hey everyone, check out one at one org or here on facebook  they're a nonprofit i've been involved with for several years and they work hard to fight against extreme poverty and preventable diseases  take action with me now  smile "
watches the office for comfort before leaving to work  how true that show is 
wishes she could say what she really thinks  but that would make her no better than them 
could sleep forever 
is so grateful for her blessings 
is feeling optimistic about her new goals and hobby   smile 
is out of shape after her non-running vacation  back to square one 
is going to be oh so ronery without her man all week   sad 
feels very disoriented 
"<propmale> cooper 360 + shiny toy guns + telling yourself you're a badass = a successful first 5k!\now just do it outside   "
is hungry but is sick of eating
is sad she has to be at work instead of taking care of her sick boyfriend 
is ready for the weekend
"so yucky!\www thisiswhyyourefat com"
had her first day with the running group  gonna be fun  smile 
loves how the day becomes a hundred times better just by seeing him
feels pretty today
is famous for her anti-climatic stories 
is eminem able to rap about anything other than how difficult his life is?
is off to a good start today 
just got a company phone and is not too excited about it   
is so happy the leaves are changing colors  smile 
really misses school
is upset that she is at the last place she'd want to be on her mister's birthday 
is so happy that it's finally raining!  love 
doesn't like feeling this way 
wants to go on an african safari!
really needs to consider her anxiety disorder before drinking a super big gulp of diet coke    at least she's being efficient at work    
"rolls mad deep, yo "
is really upset that her application killer is killing her alarm before it goes off   
so  tired 
"feels a little guilty for the sweet pleasure she takes in knowing that while everyone from high school is getting fat and ugly, she's getting hotter   laugh "
is prepping for sunday school  what do nine year old girls like getting as treats? it's been a while    and i was one of the weird kids happy with worthless holiday shaped erasers   
loves that her boyfriend knows her so well
is grateful
"has realized that she needs to act more, and be acted upon less "
really wants a <propfirst> foreman grill  it would make life so much easier   
ah    byu football fans  the only sports fans that can be belligerent while sober 
wants more of that lovely rain today 
happy anniversary to me  smile 
just had a fantastic run with her wonderful boyfriend 
realizes now that she should have gone to trade school and at least gotten a skill before screwing around in college and not having the grades to do what she wants to now 
has the sniffles
saw the most beautiful sky this morning 
loves going to bath & body works with <propfirst> because he whispers all of the scent's names 
"happy birthday, daddy!"
is severely disappointed that the people she is in line with will be voting for leaders and choices that affect her 
is having a hell day at work 
is eighty years old 
"\people seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character \"" -<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"""
wants a kindle so bad
can't believe the year is almost over!
discovered the nugget market in folsom today and is in love 
loves mr  <propfirst> <propfirst> heumphreus <propmale> greer   laugh 
what to do    what to do 
"clouds come floating into my life, no longer to <propfemale> rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky \ -rabindranath tagore  love "
is looking forward to the holidays 
is getting pumped up for the primary program today 
is having trouble focusing today
loves her sisters and is so excited to see them
"k, roots are growing out    time to recolor  blonde, brunette, or red?"
is headed to california
can tell it was a good vacation when she's 5 pounds fatter afterwards
gobble gobble
"needs to find a pair of ugly holiday sweaters, stat!"
"is so pumped to start making christmas presents! the fresh balsam candle is lit, the winter music is playing     ahhh  so perfect "
hates hates hates other drivers  especially in december 
is so ready for christmas
got invited to interview for a personal training job while working out this morning  random and awesome!
"happy meet-aversary, <propfirst> <propmale>"
when did rompers become a good fashion statement idea?   
woke up to a freshly laid blanket of christmas-time snow 
"is getting relentlessly scolded for not liking indiana jones  it's not that great, okay?! sheesh   "
found comfort and holiday cheer in a whopper combo today 
forgot to pack her running shoes for vacation and hates gaining vacation weight  nothing but salads this week   
happy festivus
"is so very grateful for her parents, sisters, and their families  love and miss you all  see you soon "
is drowning in her to-do list
is marrying the most amazing man she knows  smile 
is not down with this twenty degree weather
said farewell to her car today 
thinks they should let you make your own mortal kombat character  my character's weapons would be my monkey toes and bony hips 
mission perfect wedding body: day 1
is missing her mister while he's at school  cooking is much more fun with him 
"dear teenage girls,\just because it covers your butt doesn't mean it's a dress \sincerely, i'm pretty sure that's a t-shirt"
absolutely loves <propmale> primary
does anyone know of any cellists or string quartets in the area?
"hm    over 260 guests as of yet, 11 of them mine  i guess that's a wedding for ya "
resorted back to her childhood and got straight bangs 
is psyched to teach primary tomorrow  seven year olds are the best!
wants chocolate pudding and <propmale> crackers  mmmmmm 
is getting ready for work 
four different forms of language barriers in a restaurant kitchen on a busy friday night equals totally uncool!
is overwhelmed 
loves the first day of using a new perfume  so many new memories to create  smile 
ah! three months!
is about to go shopping for her engagement photos outfit    could shopping be more intimidating? i think not 
i knew the day would come where i would go shopping and be astonished at the latest fashions    i just didn't know it'd be this soon 
<propfemale>'s head just e playful loded with awesome wedding ideas  time to go shoppin'!
has a busy day ahead of her
loves her mister
"is getting engagement pictures today, ah! nervous!"
misses <propfirst> already  sad 
is having fun wedding planning with her daddy
thinks she could live off multi-grain cheerios
definitely woke up on the right side of the bed this morning  and can't wait to see her mister!  smile 
is extremely frustrated with her htc aria
wants to plant an <propmale> garden
it's a great day  smile 
started her second job and is psyched about what's to come   smile 
is home at last  and worn out 
wants to smack some sense into these 90 lbs women at the gym  stop running! go eat a steak before the ceiling fan's breeze blows you away!
just ate two pounds of crab  compliments of her <propfirst> 
"if anyone hears of a 2bd place in the provo area less than $800 month, gimme a call  gracias  smile "
feels so weird having the entire day off   
oh people who fall victim of stereotypes    why must you confirm what we all think of you?
is so happy her autistic nephew is starting to say <propfemale>  brightens the day  smile 
come eat some sammiches at station 22 in provo! 22 east center street
"is home alone, watching <propfirst> <propfemale> and having back to back anxiety attacks  wth?"
is making red <propfemale> cupcakes for her coworkers  feelin' the love 
's heart and prayers go out to the children of god in the middle east at these difficult times 
is doing her finances
thank you everyone for the happy birthdays  off to get a pedicure and then dinner with my man!
what the snow!
"had a rough time getting out of the nice, hot shower at five thirty this morning "
is the trainer for the new employee  smile 
why does it feel like no shoe store ever carries a 9 1 2?!
is blessed
43 days til we're done with this engagement nonsense
$85 to clean a freaking dress i bought from you?! wth?!_
"hey party of 16: next time you decide to eat out, give us a heads up so i'm not splitting myself between six different tables including yours "
anyone want a nice sunday dinner i just made?   
is soooo ready for it to be april 22nd
is sitting on her bed  in her gym clothes  waiting for a car to be available  so she may run errands 
needs to become more charitable 
just finished lost  smile 
"no, it's cool  i didn't want my wedding slippers to match each other   "
"ibs flare ups = biggest distended tummy ever!\(yes <propfemale> greer condie, like a food baby)"
just got a fantastic massage that her sweet fiancee bought her  smile 
28 days!!!
is off on a day date with <propfirst>  smile 
just taught her mother how to check her cell phone's voicemail for the millionth time  lo and behold existed an urgent voicemail from tuesday    good riddance!
found a place  laugh 
wha wha whaaat? where'd this snow come from? it was beautiful this week!
has so much to do!
