130dbcb3d9f0355c0d2d913b84bb971c
"last post of 2009  good year, everyone, good year  i think we all had a blast  let's make 2010 even better  i love you all  happy new year "
stupid <propfemale>     christmas ornaments aren't bombs 
"here's the easiest way to tell awesome people apart from regular people  1) if there myspace and facebook friends combined is less then 25  2) if they are a smoker, they smoke marlboro no  27's or camel turkish <propmale>  3) if their name is <propfirst>, <propfirst>, or raphiel  4) if by standing next to them, you look less cool "
"alright team, it's about that time again "
"where were you, when everything was fallin' apart? when all my days, were spent by the telephone  it never rang, when all i needed was a call  it never came  from the corner of 1st and amistad "
"i'm not alone cause the tvs on, yeah  i'm not crazy cause i take the right pills, everyday  salt, sweat, sugar on the asphalt  our hearts, littering the topsoil "
"i hope that everyone enjois there comment, that took me almost 5 minutes, feel loved new friends that i've never really met before  also, i'm kind of hungry   "
"i'm pretty tired, it's effecting my mental well-being  my vision is blurred and my mind is discombobulated  i need    something to drink  dr  pepper sounds amazing "
"also, has anyone seen my cape? i'm supposed to save the world in a little while, i can't do it with out my cape "
"i woke up at 5 smile 0 this morning    i took a shower    i got dressed for    i can't even say it    school   gay    whatever everyone wish me luck, this is my first day of class since early february  hopefully it goes okay   "
"i see her body move in deadly positions  her fingers graze my neck, for the last time  her lungs are spilling out  what keeping me alive? what's keeping her alive? let's see, let's cut off all her long blonde hair  listen sweetie, you never meant that much to me  hope your eyes can see, what you did to me  you'll always be my enemy  (halifax > win)"
"i see her body move, i watch her body move  she's deadly poison, my only poison  (cue the epik cello part!)"
"i'm kind of tired, even though i just woke up  hmm   "
the space between your heart and mind  is the space that we'll fill with time 
"i'm scared, team  it's 5 smile 0 in the a m  and i'm awake again  i fear that    i fear that i've grown used to a    a schedule!?!?!?"
i fear    that i'm going to die soon  i feel like death    in a bottle 
this is what happens when you get as bored as i am now: _______
and suddenly i've become a part of your past  i'm becoming the part that don't last  i'm losing you and it's effortless  without a sound we lose sight of the ground in the throw around  never thought that you wanted to bring it down  i won't let it go down until we torch it ourselves 
"who shot that arrow in your throat? who missed the crimson apple? it <propmale> heavy on the tree above your head  this chaos, this calamity, this garden once was perfect  give your immortality to me, i'll set you up against the stars  the sea is wine red, this is the death of beauty  the doves have died  the lovers have lied   "
"i will become an hero, i promise "
"well, i was sitting here trying to figure out where everyone in the hell everyone was at  than it totally hit me  they are all off having lives  it's ten on a saturday night  they are either at a club, some party, or hanging out with someone  things that a normal person should be doing  however, it seems that for some reason i think that since i have no life "
that means that no one else has a life either  i thought for a second that i wasn't the only person i know living in checotah fucking oklahoma  i don't know why i go by day to day trying to convince myself that everyone else in this world e playful eriencing the same level of boredom and feelings of being alone as i am  it's pretty freakin' ridiculous  whatever i guess   
class round 2 in an hour  huzzah!
hmm   
"i don't want to see dead stars in my jello  no, not near my ice cubes  not near my ice cubes please  i put those in my drink  not near my ice cubes please  i put those in my drink  at least i think i do   "
what is my body worth? was their a price tag before?
i'm pretty diz-asster faised!
well the disaster faced one is about to get some sleep! more disaster to come 
has learned a lot today 
"this doesn't really concern any of my facebook friends, but i'm leaving this place  i've given it all i have to offer  the same as it has given me all it has to offer  i will go where i am needed  forever travelling to destinations that my heart leads me  that is why i am here "
"you'd better learn that this will not blow over, and over  high above and taking over you, and you should know  i will not let you go, let you go  what is my body worth? was there a price tag before, or something greater than? what is my body worth? was there a price tag before? it's not gonna change you "
i'm moving to vegas?
"i'm feeling screamo today!!!!!!! hahasdhfa,s ndaoisyttrand"
"and when i dream!!!!!!! no mommy don't do it again, don't do it again!!! i'll be a good boy!! i'll be a good boy, i promise!!!!!! no mommy don't hit me ow hooooo!!!!!!! why did you have to hit me like that mommy!?!?!? don't do it!!!!!! you're hurting me!!!!! owww hawww!!!!!! why do you have to be such a bitch!?!?!? yeah "
what's the point in all this? i've found myself once again questioning everything i thought i knew  again? really now?
people need to chill the fuck out 
"rule 32  be a hero  well team, i'm heading to midwest city in a few hours  the midwest city branch of the team will be excited to hear that your favorite reckless hero is back in action, and better then ever "
pneumonia + upper respritory infection = a very sick reckless hero 
"<propfemale>, are you okay? you okay? you okay, <propfemale>? <propfemale>, are you okay? would you tell us that you're okay? there's a sign on the window that he struck you  a crecendo, <propfemale>! (you've been hit by  you've been struck by, a smooth criminal )"
"i swear to god i won't stop until you're shakin'  touch me baby you know i want to!!! and let me slide into you, please baby  well, if you're screamin' then i'm screamin' too!!! if you want it let me bring it let me sneak into your house tonight "
i'm moving to where now!?!?!? midwest city you say!?!?!? when am i moving now!?!?! today or tomorrow you say!?!?!?!!?!? fuck the world is screweed once againkoirjal;ksdfnlkahd;foklmafjalkdjflaw
oh what a tangled web we weave  life seems to be strangely unravelling  it's moving a bit to fast for me to comprehend 
"alright team, i love you  also, i'm pretty tired  i've been up making cd's for the party all friggin' night  i've made 4, i'm not even almost close to being half way done  i have    what is today, tuesday? so that's only like 16 more hours that i can work on making them  that's epically homosexual in nearly every way  to be continued   "
"however, the party is going to be the sex of everything that's ever happened in the state of oklahoma  i'm so excited  it's going to be the greatest day of my life! i don't even turn 18 until november 5th, but halloween will be even greater  this i know for sure   love >5=42 (told you it was to be continued )"
"in about 12 hours exactly i will be moved out of my parents house and partying my ass off for not only halloween, not only <propfemale>'s 16th birthday, not only <propmale>'s 18th birthday, but my 18th birthday as well!! even though mine is the only one that's not here yet  <propfemale>'s was the 12, <propmale>'s the 27th, halloween today, and mine on the fifth of november  the party is going to be huge and insane though "
"also, only two peope will laugh at this  but, <propmale> is a silly nigger-fish  i just had to say it one more time before i take my leave for an undetermined amount of time   love  you all "
"what am i doing? where am i going? i don't really know    this feeling is indescribable  i do, however, have a feeling that i'm going to do something insane and impulsive soon    my heart is guiding the way   "
"what it do, team?"
"i would let you kiss me (you're all i'm wanting ) kill me  (this feeling's haunting ) your kiss is torture, but killing me would be to easy "
"well, team i'm pretty chill "
"dammit    i just realized so many things at once  that was probably the most agonizing epiphany that i've ever had in my whole life  ashes, i love you  brit, i apologize  also, my face still hurts  <propfirst>, why'd you deck me in the jaw?"
live 
i fear that i've lost the ability to decipher reflections from reality 
"she's touching his chest now  he takes off her dress now, let me go  i just can't look it's killing me, and taking control  jealousy, turning saints into the sea  swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibi  but it's just the price i pay  <propfemale> is calling me  open up your eager eyes, i'm mr  brightside "
"i've hoped for change, and it gets better every day  i've hoped for change, but still i feel the same  there's something wrong, 'cause everyone knows we can do this on our own  and we've got everybody seeing  whoa, woah oh!!! woah, woah oh!!! we're doing fine, and it gets better every time  we're doing fine, but i'll let you decide "
avatar = greatest mother fucking movie of all god damn time! if you just thought of another movie and had a thought that it was better you are completely full of shit and should go die somewhere  holy shit ass bitch damn fizzz----uck!!!! it was perfect 
"just gave the world reason to believe that retards should not be given butterfly knives    especially ones with serrated blades  how did he manage this, you ask? well he stabbed three holes in the index finger of his right hand, and put a slice in the same finger not even a millimeter away from the holes  he didn't even do it all at once  he's a retard and didn't learn how to hold it right "
i feel weak  thrown in wide open spaces  we turn ourselves inside out  e playful ose what we're afraid to see  and i know what you're thinking  i tell myself  you keep pulling  you keep pulling 
"i like this one better    she loves me, she loves me not  my love was my decay  she loves me, she loves me not  he repeated to himself over and over  these petals decide what's next for you and i "
if you can't tell    i'm feeling musical today  she says it all without a thought in her head  she says it all and she's pressed up against me  a little something just to take off the edge  a little more and i'll fall off the planet entirely 
man! that's gay sex    <propfirst> and <propfirst> can't break up    fuck! i like <propfirst>    <propfirst> is my sister    fml!
ice runs through my veins  as i stand face to face  with the one who stole it all  compassion is not an option  do you remember me and our beautiful affair? look in my eyes and honestly tell me our love is gone  why have you turned your back on me? one day you'll wake up and realize your mistake 
"throw it up motha fuckah throw it up!!!  bitch i ain't scared!! bitch i ain't scared!!! bitch i ain't scared, i ain't scared motha fuckah!!! representin' m-dub from the suburbs of okc!!! (my fault guys  1) i'm a nerd  2) love this song  3) proud of bein' an okie ) (this message approved by: <propfirst>,  <propfemale>, red, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and everyone else who i <propfemale> out with but isn't here right now )"
hey it's a white out!!! fuck yes!!! i can't even see the end of my front porch!!! oklahoma weather ftw!!! i've been waiting for it all of december!!! and it's beautiful  man i haven't seen a complete white out to the point where you can't see your hand in front of your face in years    awesome!
"it's no surprise to me, i am my own worst enemy  'cause every now and then i kick the living shit out of me  the smoke alarm is going off, and there's a cigarette still burning!!! please tell me why, my car is in the front yard  and i'm sleepin' with my cloths on  i came in through the window last night, and you're gone  gah-ah-on "
"well, that 15 inches of snow is the mother fucking sex  i'm pretty damn happy  i can't open my front or back doors  the snow is piled higher then the fence  it's a complete white out and still falling like there is no tomorrow  thank god! i love winter "
"now then i know that there isn't one person on my facebook from oklahoma  so here is a <propfemale> christmas to everyone, from oklahoma "
"has someone taken your faith? it's real; the pain you feel  the life, the love; you'd die to heal  the hope that starts  the broken hearts  you trust; you must confess  is someone getting the best, the best; the best, the best of you? is someone getting the best, the best; the best, the best of you?"
"fuck! i've never felt so damn useless in my 18 years of life    have you ever felt like you're locked in a glass room, doomed to watch everyone grow and succeed from the inside!? and the only thing that i could do is an idiotic mistake waiting to happen  <propfemale>    is a virtue that i do not practice "
"in the words of my infamous friend <propmale>, \resin hit it like a champ!!!!\"""""
so i got laughed at by a blind guy because i couldn't see after being outside with the bright snow for a little while  i'm not trying to be a douche bag    but he has no place to laugh  i got my sight back in a few seconds  i'm pretty sure that he still can't see 
well    what do i want to do? hmm   
"hmm    it's new years <propfemale>  i'm going to be spending the whole day and midnight with my 90 year old great grandmother who will probably go to sleep at 8  so i will be alone    that's pretty gay  to top it off i had a weird ass dream involving my ex, a little middle eastern kid who tried to sell me cinnamon baked peanuts, and my childhood best friend  i'm still a bit shaken up from that \adventure \"""""
"you know you're hungry when you've just been told that all the food will be done in 12 minutes    and that's to long so you eat some cookies, chips, and dip, and still plan on eating whatever is about to be done in 9 more minutes "
"world, it seems that you've been trying a bit too hard  continue your efforts    pursue all you like  i'm ready; bring it on "
do any of you know that i love scheming things! this is a pretty big one too    if it happens like i'm planning all that i have to say is    <propfirst> had better mother fucking love me for just about    ever 
"most girls i meet are quite savage  always trying to grab up on my package  they say i look yummi, and they want a taste  but i'm a human, not a sammich  - i am not a whore, lmfao"
"you look up a lot of groups you didn't know  you add a couple thousand songs to your library  you organize it, delete the shitty live versions; or bad quality ones, and listen through them to make your mp3 player that much more awesome  now that you've done all that you have so much fucking music that you like you can't decide what to listen to, and can't make it 30 seconds into a song without changing it "
"creature feature, ftw!!! (i'm now a caps whore, therefore ftwx2!!!)"
"fuck, man, having no life sucks    there are only three people that i really talk to in this world  one of them i talk to for maybe thirty minutes a day because she has school and work  the second i used to talk to all the time, but now it's just whatever i suppose  and the third i have no clue where she's at today  basically:  <propfirst> + <propfemale> + ashes + not ever being on the computer = a very lonely <propfirst> indeed "
"one of the greatest fucking movies in the world is on: k-pax! anyone with stars should go watch it, it just started    i'm pretty stocked haven't seen it in a long time  <propfirst> spacey is the sex, ftw!!!"
hmm    i'm pretty sure that i just fell in love with miley <propmale>    fml
"we're going to the aquarium today  i'm enjoying atlanta, but no where near as much as i was hoping i would  my realization: doing things alone, no matter how awesome they are, you're still alone  i need someone  i've been alone for exactly a year and 72 days  to be completely honest; it's getting a bit old "
it's 5:56 in the a m  i've been up all night  (even though i slept for 16 hours yesterday  i suppose it still counts as all night 
"what happens when you're to lazy for suicide? (benge until you're in a coma, of course ) the coma is creeping up on me  just a few short hours 'til it's a life of living dreams "
omfgjclihhua we're in canada!?!?!?
so yeah  about that   
what's on my mind? well   
"i can hear ya now  talk, talkin' a lot, but it's still talk  gotta love how it's somehow all on me  all the petty scenes, and all the pretty things  say whatever you want, 'cause i can laugh it off  ha, ha, ha, ha  ha, haahhhh "
this! this is fucking why i don't like people 
can you feel that? awe shit   
"well  guess what, team?"
"a lot actually  thanks for asking facebook  i'm having a conversation that i'm pretty sure just threw off the entire balance of who i am, and where i want to go in life "
"i'm pretty fucking high, team  smoke another bowl?"
"worked for eleven hours, nao my knees hurt  work again at 10 in the morning   "
fuck work  i'm tired as shit 
"we're faster then fashion when fascism's in, and it's never out of style "
late night sex so wet it's so tight 
i don't trust you because one time my ex    really!? 'cause i'm not your ex!!! (funniest shit i've seen all day  fuck yeah 
"ha, ha don't you hate it when everything you've been looking for has been right in front of your face for the longest time? (and i mean literally years )"
i wish that <propfemale> would do that to my faise   
i'm pretty    i don't know  our shattelite went out for like 5 hours    i feel so out of the loop all of the sudden 
"one last kiss for you  one more wish to you  please make up your mind, girl  i'd do anything for you  one last kiss for you  one more wish to you  please make up your mind, girl  before i hope you die  (insert awesome solo here )"
"as relief washes over me, calm consumes me  i shut my eyes, and once again the pleasure strangles me  i taste the tears of sweet indulgence, pain, and fantasy  oh, the visions inside my head  the emptiness will haunt you  sanity is slowly slipping from my hands now  i'm standing closer to the edge than i should be allowed  what little regret i have "
"oh doctor, doctor i must've gotten sick some how  i'm going to ask you a series of questions, and i want them answered on the spot right now  is it serious? i'm afraid it is  am i gonna die? well son, death is gonna catch up to all one day, but your's is coming quicker then our's, and our's "
this room is heavily filled with the stench of    marijuana 
fuck being sick 
stranger danger!!! stranger danger!!!
i smoke two joints a dime a piece   
"i'm just    so damn high, and there's just    so much kush left  this is what it's all about "
"shortie what it is though? you know who i is though  when we ready you can come, and you can let your friend go  you can let your friend come to  'cause i picture yo friend on you, <propmale>  smokin' killa indo  got it from my kinfolks  haterz what you made for? 'cause you know you dead broke "
"it's time for some good ol' <propmale> kravitz  i wish i that i could fly  into the sky  to very high  just like the dragonfly  i'd fly above the trees  over the seas  even on the breeze  to anywhere i please  oh, i want to get away  i want to fly away  yeah, yeah, yeah  i want to get away  i want to fly away  yeah, yeah, yeah  let's go and see the stars, the milky way, or even mars "
i stretched and my back popped  it felt pretty good 
"i just realized that 90% of the things that people like about me are products of the hate shown to me over the years  parts of me that have developed because i've seen how people are, and refuse to follow suit   no one can ever be the best, but i wanna get damn close  help me out, and show me some hate "
"these children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast women, and she drinks  it just feels right  all these asphixiated, self medicated, take the white pill you'll feel alright "
"do or die  you'll never make me  because the world will never take my heart  go and try  you'll never break me  we want it all  we want to play this part  i won't e playful lain, or say i'm sorry  i'm unashamed  i'm gonna show my scars  give a cheer for all the broken  listen here, because it's who we are  i'm just a man; i'm not a hero "
"dad: <propfirst> there's blood on the porch  mom: it's deedle-cat's, or the dog's  they were fighting  me: oh, no! *runs outside to check if cat is okay * mom, i don't see where my cat would be bleeding  mom: it was probably the dog's blood then  <propfirst>: good, the dog deserved it  fucking idiot "
"anytime you want to pick up the telephone to call me to your house  show you what i'm 'bout  stacks on deck  that's on my life  you'll never wear the same thing twice if ya leave witcha boy tonight  you can have whatever you like, yeah  and you gonna have the best sex of your life  twice, three times, four times, we gonna get it on tonight  you can have whatever you like, yeah "
"over 15,000 fucking songs in my itunes, and not shit to listen to  how gay "
i'm high  that is all 
"so    it's been 12 hours now  i'm still high as fucking shit  my tum-tum feels a little weird, but it's all good  ugh    i feel great, been up all night  how're you all doing?"
"it's already 1:24 in the p m !? what in the fuck happened to the last 13 and a half hours? you see, kids? this is why you shouldn't do drugs "
"if you look in my eyes    my pupils are so big    that it'll remind you of <propmale> after dory busts her nose on the goggles  (for those of you dumb-asses, they're huge! and kind of have been for the past since about 11 last night "
every so often there will be a little flicker of light at the bottom left of wherever the fuck i'm looking  it's pretty rad  don't mind all of the status updates  i'm high and it makes me wanna type stuff sometimes 
so is it bad if all you can see of the brown part of my eyes is like    a small line of a circle instead of what they normally are? because i had to double take to see the brown part  it was cool 
"alright, random act of highness number 439032940329409324: talking to strangers "
"fuck guys, everytime i look at the goddamn clock at the bottom left of the screen so much time has gone by since the last time i did  how    gay "
"who else besides me hates it when you type your password wrong because you were typing too fast, know that you spelled it wrong so erase it, then do the same fucking thing again?"
just got off work  24 hours of high! fuck yeah! i honestly had no clue that i was going to be high for this long 
"smoking kills people  so do a lot of other things  quit giving us smokers a hard time  it's not like your bitching will actually change our opinions  at best it will get us to quit so you'll shut the fuck up, but we'll be sad because we quit doing something that we like doing for a dumb reason like your satisfaction  and really    who give a fuck about you?"
being high as shit + more weed + full pack of smokes + iron man 2 + grown ups + the book of <propmale> + a pizza + a 2 liter of dr  pepper + lighting another one + dragon warrior monsters 2 = what is turning out to be an awesome fucking night  (that was a long ass equation 
it's okay <propfirst> stark  i want one too  i    really want one too 
i've made it very clear that you can always count on me    to pleasure myself 
vegetarian is another word for fucking homo  don't let anyone tell you different 
why are girls so sexy? it's just    it's not very fair 
"the convo i had with a vegan  vegan: eww! how can you eat that? it used to be an animal  me: yeah    nao it's delicious, and in my mouth  wanna see? *opens mouth*"
so when in the fuck was someone gonna tell me that there's a working ds emulator? i've been craving some pearl diamond for a fat minute  so ugh    if you haven't heard there's a working ds emulator 
daft punk did the soundtrack for tron legacy  this only makes me wanna go see it sideways eight more times then i already did  long live daft punk!
"so i just realized that i can scientifically prove that addiction to pot is bullshit  people who claim to be, or claim to know someone, who is addicted to marijuana is a moron "
"is geared up for the weekend  (the cool kidz know why this is my status  the loserz are all like \wtf!? it's only tuesday  why is fayte iwanski geared up for the weekend!?!?!?\"""""
so    i'm on a mission to get everyone's contact picture on my phone to be of them smoking pot  13 down 46 more to go  can i do it? we'll hope so  the only one i'm afraid i won't be able to get is my 90 year old great grandmother's    but if i do that's an automatic 490238409238 cool points 
"just finished phoenix wright ace attorney, and it's by far the greatest game i've ever played  i never thought i would play a game that when the credits were rolling i would honestly say it blew the entire kingdom hearts and resident evil series out of the water "
"i'm smoking weed, and enjoying my life  it's going pretty fucking swimmingly  how about you, team facebook?"
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world tonight at midnight  fuck yeah 
"yeah, i know stuff  what of it ,nyukkah?"
"so, here's what happened  the end "
"it's friday night, and she's all alone  he's a million <propmale> away  she's dressed to kill; the tv's on  he's connected to the sound  and she's got pictures on her wall of all the girls he's loved before  and she knows    all his favorite songs!"
so    it's a gift    and a curse!? i see nao 
i need more asian friends 
"just realized that all of his friends on facebook are only here because two underage girls on da duped me into making a facebook  what the shit is that? none of you are even near a bordering state  oklahoma love, glad to know ya'll "
all of the fucking sudden    once again    my buzz is killed    and i need a cigarette  what the shit is that?
"time for a little honesty, team  life is shit  it might not've been way back when things like love and passion existed  but it definitely is today  complete shit  smoke pot and cigarettes  brings death faster, makes the ride easier "
"in any which direction, call me  i will run for you  i'll come for you  i'll die for you  i'll come for you "
muzik?
oxicontin xan    and wiid 
we live  we learn  we stumble  we'll only ever fail to get back up once 
"just got done doin' an oxycodone line and token on some of that super sour diesel  now, well now i'm sitting down on the couch with my best friend <propmale>, and playing twilight <propfemale>  it's taking forever to relax, and i keep entering the zone  my vision is pretty blurred as well  team, i think this is the beginning of the perfect night   love veryone everywhere>"
"bassnectar, nigga "
"gawd, i fucking hate myspace com so fucking much  with all of my heart, mind, body, and soul  i wish it would die and get sent to a hell of eternal nipple twisters  fuck "
salty needs to quit being such a nigger-fish 
"so, i'm high as shit "
the drugs are good  the day was good 
bassnectar is the sex with decent speakers 
i'm a little high still  over all i suppose it was an alright night  i just got home 
"all my days end too slow\\and i wonder where i've left to go\\anyway, there's no such thing as company \\i've discovered all i've got to do \\what is it that gets you through\\another day when i'm not there \\wish we could be more open,\\i don't have time to think of how you are "
so    i'm pretty high 
i'm rollin' my fucking nuts off 
so    i like life 
so    i definitely wish it were friday 
i'm high as shit  who wantz tah toke?
"some days i get crazed  i don't know why it's so irrelevant  i'll take deep breaths and keep control  i'll go on  i've tried brave, and i've tried to save  i've tried to keep it bottled up  i think i've past my prime, and lost my mind  i'm torn "
"waitah minute wa- was that a    damn it  yeah, that was an insta-buzzkill "
god damn it  i fucking hate buzz kills 
"fuck, i forgot what i was gonna type "
sexiest song ever made?
sooo    angel trumpets?
"hey, someone let me borrow grind? i really wanna watch it "
i fucking love <propfirst> <propfirst> 
i'm    high as shit once again  what a surprise 
motion city soundtrack  love 
"so here's the thing, i love my friends "
pot roast is fucking    yummi 
i'm so    sober 
<propfirst>'s mom   
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, i've missed you, babe "
so then what happened?
i love good wiid 
"home alone on my throne, everywhere i go i own  i'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes  it brings out the best in me in very scary ways  i've been down with bootin' up since <propfemale> games  bwa ha ha "
"i feel like an entirely different person, and i have a feeling it's <propmale>'s fault "
i hate girls that are too hot 
"so ugh    i think they knew we were high  how, man!? because \2 37 is your change is not that funny \"""""
my girlfriend just convinced me that i'm the anti-christ 
so here's the thing   
why are the munchie gods insatiable!?!?1??!?!1?!1!1 11!!?!1?1oneslashslash!!!??!?!question!?!?!?fu?!?c?k!?!ing!??!?!mark
"'bout to watch <propfirst> pilgrim, fuck yeah "
nostalgia!
to the sound of a heartbeat pounding away   
"they laugh, they make money, he's got a gold watch  she's got a silk dress and healthy breasts that bounce    on his italian leather soooooooooooooooffffaaaaaaa!"
i'm in the mood for cake  (whoever knows whether i'm talking about the band food weed first gets points 
"4:20, fuck yeah "
let's think rationally about this    how long has the game been going on? i remember playing it since catholic school in new mexico    that's like 5 or 6 years ago    that's so long to be playing the game 
"o m gee guise, i need  some wiid, but no monies until tomorrow    someone come smoke with their lovable friend <propfirst>?"
i feel like i'm the only person on facebook with a 2 digit amount of friends    do you guise even remember half the people on your friends list?
just instantly i feel whole again 
so here's the thing    legalize pot already 
i was called <propmale> today  nostalgia 
"being grown up isn't half as fun as growing up  these are the best days of our lives  the only thing that matters is just following your heart, and eventually you'll finally get it right "
i feel bad 
i have legs and they hurt 
"so <propfirst>, i heard that you got your truck back? well _______, you heard correct "
we got dicks like jesus!
i'm madly in love with a beautiful girl 
"there ain't no rest for the wicked  money don't grow on trees  i got pills to pay  i got mouths to feed  there ain't nothin' in this world for free  oh no, i can't slow down  i can't hold back  though you know i wish  i could "
i feel    a little baked 
i waked then i baked 
god dammit i've got the pinch itch from hell 
"roll a man a joint, and he'll be high for a little while  teach a man to roll a joint, and he'll be high for a life time "
"so the thing about <propfemale> <propfirst> is    well, you know "
higher than shit  what else is new?
"blah, blah, blah  i'm high, and you all already know "
high as shit playing wii sports with <propmale>  decent fucking night 
this is day five without praying to the <propfirst> <propfemale> goddess  and here's the thing about it     it's a little crazy that i feel completely neutral about it  however    tomorrow    i'mah be fucking blowed 
"sooooooooooooooooooooooooo saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!!!!! love won't sting like the coming tunes and i hear my kind in a coma freak i hear my kind in a coma freak lonely, lonely lonely, lonely like you?"
something about love 
so ugh    onascaleo fone to ten 
so    if <propfemale> renè rogers isn't the most gorgeous person on this planet then i have no fucking clue who is 
"rain, rain go away  that's what all my haterz say  my pocket's stuck on over-load  my rain never evaporates  no need to ellaborate  something something, i love this song "
"so i know what i'm going to do with my life  i'mah be a rapper  so 2 get strted i frgot everything i knw about grammer  aight, te    dammit i forgot i can't    fuck it i'll rap while speaking properly "
can you feel it? i sure do  i can feel it and it's glorious 
so   
"so ugh    pokemon soul silver, nigga "
<propfemale> <propfirst>  that is all 
"i feel like <propmale> matthews, hot cocoa, and pokemon   "
i feel 
"hmm    i want to learn, team "
"on a side note: <propmale> hill plays the most realistic \super hero\"" i've ever seen in my life """
i think they should change people you may know to people you probably don't give a fuck about because if you did they would be your friend on facebook  because facebook is impersonal enough to where most people even have the people they hate as friends  why do they call people friends on facebook? more like acquantinces  that is all 
"full scale alien in-fucking-vasion going on, and turk dinks dere's something going on down der "
"lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely like you "
"daft punk, that is all "
"kairi, remember what you said before? i'm always with you too  i'll come back for you, i promise  i know you will! when you walk away you don't here me say please oh baby don't go simple and clean is the way that you're making me feel tonight it's hard to let it go  yeah, i just did "
"peeing, it happens to the best of us  (lots of status updates tonight  i must be bored )"
gamma <propfirst> burst! that is all 
waitah minute i lied  perp  that is all 
downlink is fucking sick 
"<propmale>, get back to your computer  i'm lonely "
what in the fuck just happened to my brain!? i wasn't ready for that!? fucking dubstep blowing my gawdamn mind!
"they say that when a taliban is hit by a 50 caliber sniper round, they hear dubstep for a split second   \its the best split second? of their life   "
super man vs  goku go!
objection!
every time this song is played god reveals himself to an atheist  (downlink - factory)
"bwa, ha, ha! this feeling    it's powerful  i love it  it seems to allow me only one throught: let's do this  once again  bwa, ha, ha, ha  (but with less enthusiasm "
wizard flow 
she says i don't spend time like i really should  she says she don't know me anymore  i think she hates me deep down i know she does  she wants to erase me 
we live  we learn  we stumble  we'll only ever fail to get back up once 
some girls are hot  less are hotter  then there's <propfemale> 
what's with all of this stupid number bullshit?
"one song about a girl  can't breathe when i'm around her  i wait here every day  in case she'll scratch the surface  she'll never notice  last night i knew what to say, but you weren't here to hear it  these lines so well rehearsed  tongue tied and over loaded, you never notice "
"bands with chick drummer = band that wanted a chick to be involved in their movement, but couldn't find one with talent "
"my pokemon brings all the nerds to the yard \and they're like, \do you wanna trade cards?\""\",130dbcb3d9f0355c0d2d913b84bb971c,"so, this is the first time that i've had a two digit number of friends on at the same time  bwa, ha, ha "
"so    ugh    yeah raychel mcniceass  ha, ha, ha "
don't walk a dog while wearing sun glasses  everyone will think you're blind 
"why is everyone's profile picture a pokemon? well, i'mah follow suit because i love pokemon "
"okay, so <propfirst> bieber is the anit-christ  my reason for believing this: who else in the world could be? fucking nobody  i mean look at him  he's <propfirst> fucking bieber  nobody else is capable of being something so evil  he beats up twelve year olds  he sings like a prepubescent faggot  every song he's ever come out with is for the sole purpose of getting people to fall in love with him  <propfirst> bieber = anti-christ"
"zombieland, and pokemon  the only things i'm missing nao are <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, mcfly, and wiid "
"sorry guys, i'm not high enough to deal with faisebook anymore "
well god fucking dammit 
are you ready to run? i've been waiting patiently for this 
"i don't like to brag, so my bitches brag for me "
"are we getting closer, or are we just getting moooooooooore lost?"
"killswitch, engage "
you wanna see how hard i can punch?
somethin    about that kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaameee haaaaaaaaaaameeee haaaaaaa!!!!
so ugh    i want    lots of    lots of    pez 
kid cudi is a little too white to be black 
something about    ugh    that jointerette i just smoked 
"lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely like you "
it's a bad day for vah-jay-jay     annoyed 
we are sex bob-omb and we're here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!!!!    this is the beginning of the song   
   
i'm never eating again 
"and it's mine on my own yes, it's mine all alone as i cry for you yes, i'll die for you \pain in my heart, it is real and i'll take everything as it comes my way feel in my heart it's for you and i'll lie for you as i die for you pain in my heart it is real andi'll tell you now how i feel inside fuck you it's for you"
and all of thiiiiiiiis was all your faaaaault and all of this i stay wrecked and jealous for this for this simple reason i just need to keep you in mind as something larger then life 
somethin' about that    i wanna be the very best like no one ever was   
this is the beginning of the song 
"well, i'm feeling alright  how is the world of faisebook doing? (at 2:26 a m  ha, ha )"
getting snowed in with like 4 cigarettes & no wiid  what a crappy day 
used to be one of the rotten ones and i liked you for that 
<propmale>'s ass cracks me the fuck up sometimes 
"i'm convinced that the channel four news team all got snowed in, did drugs, and decided to still tell people the news "
fish don't fry in the kitchen 
i'm fucking starving 
"how many vegens are out there? how many ugh    meatens are out there? i wanna only eat drink things if it came from something with a faise  those are the most delicious things  someone join me! we can all boycott vegetab    fuck i like vegetables  well    ughh    omnivores, fuck yeah "
"what's that, guise? kid cudi's here to save the day!"
i gotta get out of this fuckin' house 
this world    heh 
realizing mroe and more each day just how horrible of a person i really am 
i just had 17 people on at once  i had no clue what to do   
i'm gonna die if i don't get a super sonic cheeseburger right naaaaaaaaaooooo!!!!!
"something about criminal minds, nigga!"
come the fuck on   
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
"well, i'm here   "
"okay, so walking 5 <propmale> in how cold it is outside sucks  i can barely type  my life is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cold  thanks a lot for the idea <propmale> "
"ahh, that's more like it "
i'm hungry 
"something about the song six, and how amazing it is "
"because i'm a wishful thinker with the worst intentions  this'll be the last <propmale> you get to drop my name  something, something i seem to be in an awfully good mood today "
i'm simply disgusted 
smite me almighty smiter 
