41f643a62f9b1d8b545d39385b3b4b95
is going to my baby girl & peanuts 10th birthday luau party today!! my lil man is 4 tomorrow!!!
happy fathers day!!!!
oh so many things running thru this mind of mine!!! looking forward to my game tonight! hopefully the chickensh!t pitcher won't intentionally walk me again!! i miss my kiddos!! but i know they are in good hands and are having a great time!!
have you ever had one of those nights that you wish you could record and relive like in ground hogs day but it only being a wonderful replay rather than a nightmare???
been taking a break and really learning a lot about what is out there   both good and bad
"going to be a busy weekend!! softball tournament, birthday parties and last weekend of summer!! school starts monday!!"
first day of school!! the house is so quiet!!! its driving me crazy!! lol
starting my new job in t minus 2 hours!!! letcha know how it goes later!!!
first 3 days of my new job are done  pretty interesting so far!! i have a huge office i need to figure out how to decorate cuz the giant white walls are driving me crazy!!
woohoo!! its sunday!! bring on the football!!
is it friday yet???
thank you everyone who came out last night!! i had a great time with all of you!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
is it? naw couldnt be but maybe! all i know is im happy and i dont want that to change!
happy haunting everyone! becareful tonight!
had a great halloween this year!!
wants to know why when you want time to speed up everything seems to be in slow motion but when you want it to slow down times goes so fast! ugh!!
going to help my brother and sis in law with the stables!!
congrats herm!!!!
??-??----put this ---??---??---on your ---??---??---status ---??---??---?f ??? ?n?? ----??-??----?????n? -----???-----??? ??? or ----??-??----??? ??d ---??---??---cancer? i wish for the cure of cancer  93% won't copy and paste this   will you?????
"mmmmmmmmmm         cran-apple pancakes, crispy bacon, oj and white chocolate caramel latte coffee!!! ggggoooooooddd mmmooooorrrrnnnning 2011!!!!"
black
is so excited!!! just got the news about an hour ago that i got my promotion!!! hello nuclear medicine here i come!!!
ok 4 days stuck in the house is enough! thank god football is on today otherwise i would have gone completely crazy!!
what a freaking week! monday i go to a softball meeting to find out if i can coach my girls this year and i end up leaving as the new prescott girls softball association president!! did not see that coming! thank god tomorrow is friday!!
¡mierda <propfemale>! ¡soy rodeado a mis idiotas! ¡necesito unas vacaciones!
ssshhhh! be verwy quiet! im hunting wabbits!!! if that lil fuz ball leaves brown things around my house that arent chocolate he is mine!!!!
ever enter into a conversation confused then ended up leaving the conversation even more confused? its a very odd feeling
its only tuesday and im ready to crash! full patient load all week-40 nuclear studies in 4 days  volleyball practice tonight 5-6 grabbed a quick dinner then softball 630-8 then grocery store  city meeting tomorrow  softball thursday  volleyball game friday  softball saturday  sunday pull my ass up off the floor!!!
"well survived an extremely whilrwind week even with adding in some very sad & une playful ected turn of events  i thank god their are people out there that take the time to listen and help when a sad, hurtful situation happens  it should never hurt to be a child "
"attempting to prepare for a test that has no books or studying involved is stressful enough besides knowing the name of the test is a \stress test\""!!!!!!!!!! i give these to people all day long monday thru thursday so it should be no big deal that i have to do one myself! ha! i completely understand my patients anxiety now!! this sucks!"""
"playing thru the pain but pain can also be a good motivator! batting  1000 so far this season  10-10 in 2 games  22-4 tonight against my old team  it was a fun game, nice to be on the winning side of that score!  smile "
had a freakin awesome day! spent the day at the nuclear pharmacy in phoenix! i so wanna go back!!!
ok i know today is monday but it so felt like a tuesday since i worked 11 hurs yesterday! thank god for saturday off! played in a softball ttournament  taking the championship game was worth feeling the pain!!
 1000 batting average continues!!! woo hooo!!!!
"2 more work school days then time to kick off the summer with a 4 day weekend with the kiddos bbqing, fun in the sun with friends and family but cant forget the relaxation!"
relaxtion is a good thing! going to take the kids to the park to enjoy the sunshine and watch the fastpitch softball tournament in town! go lady hawks!!
"obama picks memorial weekend to go home to\chicago instead of following traditions and speaking at arlington\cemetery the president is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces\but he needs a break on the one day we are supposed to remember troops\and all they've done  repost this status if you think our troops are\         worth       remembering!! i hope a real american gets a hold of\him"
"national moment of remembrance takes place @ 3 p m  local time on memorial day & lasts 1 minute  the moment doesnt replace traditional memorial day events, it is an act of national unity in which all americans, alone or w  family & friends, honor those who died for our freedom  it will help to reclaim memorial day as the sacred & <propmale> holiday it was meant to be  in this shared remembrance, we connect as americans"
"talking the kids to see the final chapter of shrek and then to eat at fuddruckers! its been a great weekend w  family & friends! if you can read this thank a teacher  if you can read this in english thank a soldier! thank you to all the past, present & future soldiers!"
shrek forever after was good  very interesting seeing it in 3d in the second row!! fuddruckers was as good as always!!!
should be sleeping  have to be up in 4 hours for work but today has been hell on wheels straight from the get go!! moesdays suck!! on a good note my batting average continues to be  1000!!
"have you ever wondered what hurts the most: saying something and then wishing you had not , or not saying something and wishing you had"
lovin the smell of the rain with the light breeze  perfect weather for a nap before fight night  not to bad of a card tonight  pizza and wings scheduled to be delivered right at start time  nice to see <propmale> back in the octagon but i think liddell will take it 
"got some <propfemale> bbq chicken on the rotissere, love my new grill! making some butter and <propmale> linguine and green beans to go with it and topping it off with a cake the girls made  love relaxing sundays!"
had an extremely shitty monday after an awesome relaxing sunday  going to figure out dinner that will be cooked by someone else cuz im so not in the mood to cook! thinking maybe macayo's or <propfemale> garden! wish my favorite thai food restuarant was open after 4! 3 more days then off for 4 days to celebrate my lil man turning 5!!!
"trying to decide between making a raspberry tiramisu, strawberries with anise-ricotta cream minis or fudge brownie spiced mousse minis for our italiano potluck at work tomorrow  my turn for dessert "
happy fathers day everyone!!!
"started the day picking up the kids w  collins seat decorated w  balloons & bday banner  they saw their bday present in my front seat  kinda hard to miss a 6 wk old <propmale> shepard w  a bow on her collar, home for collins presents    "
woo hoo!!! usa wins!! should have been 2-0!!
enjoying the weekend with the kiddos  last weekend they are with me before they go to wyoming for 4 weeks!
"i do not like this uncle sam,i do not like his health care scam i do not like these dirty crooks, or how they lie and cook the books  i do not like when congress steals, i do not like their secret deals  i do not like this spending spree, i’m smart, i know that nothing’s free  i do not like your smug replies, when i complain about your lies i do not like this kind of hope i do not like it, nope, nope, nope!"
"today is a very sad day  this morning 3 wonderful men, husbands, fathers, uncles, sons, friends & coworkers were lost  many of us are in deep sorrow  all will be missed but never forgotten  <propfirst> i love you & miss you so much  i will keep my promise to you & take care of <propfemale> always  <propfirst> your intelligence & humor were the best  <propfirst> i miss you 10-4 <propmale>"
tonight was absolutely amazing! all of you that came to the memorial words cannot e playful ress the overwhelming graditude  <propfirst> & <propfemale> didnot have a facebook so <propfemale> asked for you all to be thanked again  she is very touched and honored to know that <propfirst> had so many wonderful friends that he called family ???
today was a <propfirst> of sunshine! first day of <propmale> high for my peanut and baby girl! 6th graders!!! first day of kindergarden for my little man!!! where does the time go!!! im so proud of them! love  love  love 
just got home about 30 minutes ago from the car wash and <propfemale>'s house  what a turn out!! it was awesome! as i sit here polishing <propfirst>'s boots and duty gear im sad and honored at the same time  its hard to e playful lain  all i know is my heart hurts but i can't stop laughing cuz the memories floading thru my mind with tears running down my face 
"pearland, tx is in the little league world series  they take on conneticut tonight 8pm et "
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family members and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and for those who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy andpaste this  i did  will you????"
fantasy football league draft t minus 2 hours  contiuning <propfirst>'s team as the manager  guide me through this big guy! help me keep seldom sober on top  love  love  love 
"life without love is not life, it is existence  live life with love, and e playful erience happiness and laughter daily   going to my baby girl & peanuts first <propmale> high volleyball game today!!!  love  love  love "
"pizza, movie and popcorn night with the kiddos  camp rock the final jam premires tonight  double stuffed pepperoni (<propmale>'s choice), chicken bacon & artichoke (<propfemale> & <propfemale>'s fav) and a salad for me  i will make up for it with the movie theater buttery popcorn!!!  love  love  love "
"breakfast in bed! cinnamon rolls, grapes & creme brulee coffee  yum! <propfemale> came over  we watched kung fu panda w  lil man-he was having a rough day  taught my girls how to clean a whole chicken  <propfemale> kept playing w  the neck & <propfemale> had to know which part was which \wheres the liver?\"" roasted the bird w  <propfemale> & thyme  baked baby reds zucchini & summer squash w  walnut oil  served w  cheddar rice  not bad of a day"""
who's ready for some football!!!!!!!!! i need ya big guy! i have already started the calls with <propmale>!! i havent forgotten!! let's go seldom sober!! my team plays later so the early game its go bears!!! sorry daddy lol
"i love watching football, but right now it really sucks and thats not cuz my boys are losing  i miss my grid iron <propmale>  i have the peanut m&m's ready and a cold <propmale> light but can't bring myself to pop the top  sad "
my girls squads won today! that makes both squads 4-0!!! seldom sober comes out on top on fantasy league too!!!  love  love  love 
"wild blueberry muffins, caramel coffee, birds chirping in the cool morning air   its going to be a good day!!  love  love  love "
the girls teams won again!!! thats 5-0! now its time to finish dinner and off to collins first ice cream social as a kindergardner!!!
"had a good time at the mix of life benefit concert tonight  was dancing with my kiddos, checked out some sweet rides-my favorites of course were the mustangs and hanging out with great people! it was a good night!!"
headed to the gym to work out some much unneeded frustration  why do people automatically assume things that they have absolutely no freaking clue about!!! i understand the freedom of speech but do they not think about how hurtful and disrespectful their words can be!!
had an awesome workout today! thanks <propmale> for the extra push! i needed that! also thank you for the wings and conversation afterwards!! see ya tomorrow! <propfemale>'s team had their first loss today but it was such a good close game!! proud of my peanut for keeping her head up! <propfemale>'s team won  proud of my baby girl for showing great sportsmanship!! love  love  love 
i like it on the coffee table!!  wink   love  love  love 
ok this is making no sense   my cable tv is out but my cable internet is working??? um   they run thru the same line!! wtf!!!!
headed to the gym-gotta get pumped & ready for the parents vs pmhms 6th grade red white games today! i love my girls but their going down!!!  wink   love  love  love 
parents rule!!! it was so much fun playing against all of the girls! so proud of all of them! they gave us a great challenge!  love  love  love 
fml!! i honestly dont know how much my heart & mental state can take! im going to try to keep staying positive no matter how much it hurts!  love  love  love 
less then 5 hours until <propfemale> & i are on a plane to the big d!!!!!!! woo hoo!!!!!!!
"deputies, state troopers and police officers work the streets day and night to keep you safe, missing their familiy to care for yours  in 2010 there have been 123 police officers killed in the line of duty  it is police appreciation week  please repost if you are a police officer, love a police officer or appreciate a police officer  love  love  love "
"promise to my children ~ i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you, make you laugh, hunt you down like a bloodhound til the day you understand why i do it  then, i will know you are responsible adults  all because i love you more than anything  you will never, ever find someone who loves you more than me!!!~ copy and paste if you are a mom"
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!!
"enjoying the <propfemale> rainy day relaxing watching football  then later going for my birthday dinner with the kiddos, brother and sis-in-law at monsoons!! kind of ironic that i pick that restaurant before this weather started!!"
my fingers feel like pin cushions finishing up halloween costumes!!!
very irritated w  the ihop cook!! i ordered the egg substitute for a reason & it wasn't to be throwing up in the bathroom!! was looking forward to the all you can eat pancakes  sad  thank you <propfemale> for speaking up to the manager as i was incapacitated!
what a day!!!! got a new job and i start tomorrow!!! im back in the field i love   family practice! love the kiddos!!!
first day on the new job was great! i believe my family was right when they all said my true calling was in the medical field even though i had other dreams  thank you everyone for all the support!!!
"thank you to all past, present and future soldiers for stepping up and protecting our freedom whether it be foreign or home soil "
"change your \fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not \see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  *because children are \angels from heaven that remind us to love each other \unconditionally*      copy & paste to your status and invite your \   friends to do the samesee more"
"13   the laughter & pain getting the crap beat out of us for dt instructor, motivator, softball nights, the tears of excitment & sorrow, late night talks when we're bored or can't sleep, exceptional daddy! all i can ask for is more memories to be made  thanks for being such a good friend   wink   love  love  love "
"77   so much to say & never the right words or timing  i know i have hurt you, caused you so much pain & none of it i can ever take back  you have always been there for me & i am very greatful  i would be lost without you in my life  yes at times it is few & far between but we both know there is always a place that is    picked up right where it was left off  thank you for being my soul connection  ???"
0815: we have tried to figure out how long we have known each other but when it comes to our friendship quantity doesn't matter cause the quality is as deep as family can be  i love you  you are an amazing woman and im happy to have you as a sister   love  love  love 
"069 softball, darts and drinking beer   oh the good times  you're a good man that has a big heart  some might think you are scary & intimidating but those of us that know you know you are a big <propmale> bear  thank you for being my friend & someone to talk to"
468: i miss you being around  i miss hearing you sing to me  you are one of the few that still have the good home grown respect for women  i know one day you will find a woman that appreciates that fact & won't take advantage of it  keep you head up so you can follow the path that god has set for you as he will guide you  thank you for being who you are & my friend 
"kitchen cleaned-check, livingroom cleaned-check, bathrooms cleaned-check, floors swept & mopped-check, laundry-ugh, grocery store-i don't wanna!, parents coming into town today for the holidays-priceless!!!! ???"
i so dont wanna work today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! need to be kidnapped!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"this year was a first for me  i have not been looking forward to the holidays what so ever  my babies are w  their dad, my parents in wyoming, <propfirst> & <propfemale> are in colorado & other circumstances been pretty bahumbug but thanks to wonderful amazing extended family & friends everything turned out pretty good  thank you   love  love  love "
"ok so i pick the kids up in a few hours so we can have our new years <propfemale> fun  narrowed down my ideas  trying to decide between freedom station, skating w  the sundogs or junk food pig out w  wii tournament??? hmmmm   insight anyone?"
dinner at chili's then its ice time!! taking the kids to the hockey game tonight! switching up the pizza and movie night!!
he shoots   he scores!! hey goalie  you suck!!! sundogs win 5-3!
6-3 sundogs! yeah baby!
woo hoo! first night back at the gym!! loved it!!! then even better night at tailgaters!! awesome company & great championship game to watch!!!
fml! work today was a nightmare! the day went to hell in a hand basket quick! time for some gym therapy!
work was better today! even got a very nice raise!!! heading to the gym to work out some personal demons  core leg night-hope their ready!!!!
