422cfb8df44153ce46fc67c0994ec6a2
at the gig  salsa lessons!
school out
wooo! live mix online!!
sleep              
today is the first day i have been truly bored since school ended   
can drive the stickshift    hyundai for life yo
so many people are doing quizzes = <propmale> boredom this summer
music music research   
rave this weekend
dub fx is the bomb  dubfx net  buy this guy's cd 
learning to count cards
http annoyed  fla vor us wafform aspx?_act=eventview&_pky=60288 everyone go to this
woo raved out    
back home
woo  rave out 
ipod touch for sale  -  $200
ipod touch    $160   -   music included
'''
"its raining men, hallelujah its raining men  girls are icky"
"psp with games and accessories   - 4 gig memory card, charger, case - midnight club dub edition, gta vice city, mxvs atv untamed       -$150-"
<propmale> messing with my status    to far dude
<propfemale> machine for sale  -  $75 includes <propfirst> and ikes!!
missing a rave tonight    
sometimes when im lonely i talk to my imaginary friend <propmale>  he is such a hunk  all my guy friends are so jealous 
dvc registered!
watchmen was not so good   
why must ll the men in my life look at me with such disdain  all i ever did was love them 
status changed   
"wow, i saw a helicopter and a black lexus (with a guy in it) and a big stack of steel boxes parked in a shady parking lot in an industrial area of treasure island last night    weird "
in tahoe   
just saw the wailers!  <propmale> hall is jealous
want to come over and watch hot <propmale>?
aah    just warped some records in the sun   
working on a playlist for a 30+ singles dance party sponsored by a church   
im doing nothing at work today   
wow    nice one  everyone was in on it of course 
getting up at 6am to go to dvc early to get first in line for the counseling    missing the meteor shower 
school    actually looking forward to it for the first time in about 7 or 8 years 
1:16 am and     sleep
hates using the dvc class registration system  it's retarded
 
a college student 
wow
"would like to remind everyone    i do not have texting  i have never had texting  if you have texted me in the last year, it's nothing personal if i totally ignored you  i don't even find out if i recieve one    sorry to all the girls i have ignored unintentionally "
1 week down
rediscovering weezer
wednesday    party
liss was here  smile 
san <propfirst> is cool
"i'm pissed  dj am, one of the greats of the dj world died yesterday    od on drugs  stupid fool  an artist but still a dumbass    it's not cool to die from drugs  led zeppelin might be together still if idiot bohnam wasn't such an alcoholic "
music
recording demo mix for blakes!
who wants to go to blakes in berkely tonight? dance party till late?
nobody to go with    not going at all  lame
about a month left and im already pumped for lovefest!
to <propfirst>'s tonight  who wants to go 
rain 
breaking a world record!
woo! party tomorrow  are you 30 or older?
my phone drowned  i'll call everyone back later today when i get a new one 
"my phone drowned  if you want me to have your number, send it to me "
anybody want ot go to blakes tonight? party
finally changed my picture    props to nate for taking some badass photos
saturday  party time 
phone died again   
drum off tonight!! 6 smile 0 at guitar center i will be competing  check it out 
lovefest baby  and gig on the same day   
wanna go to lovefest tomorrow with me?
"lovefest, gig, afterparty  same day  home at 5"
whoa! it's raining    like it's never happened before 
yeah  muse is playing in vegas on december 12th  who wants to go with me 
camping 
buying more speakers!
just got in an accident   
woo! new amp for subs
is a cookie eating pie
"mixing with <propfemale> lewellyn, my best friend in the whole wide world"
off to court    speeding ticket
"late night lego's with <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propmale>  brings back ancient memories "
i have really great friends    not
yeah! the bean is on the road again!
what should i be for halloween   
rip grandpa
"new sound system finally complete    2 18\ subs shake my house!"""
aah! bumpin halloween party that just was  having another party soon 
"if you didn't just vote today, you have nothing to complain about down the road when politics aren't going your way   "
richmond gang rape  our society is going down the toilet http annoyed  www sfgate com cgi-bin article cgi?f annoyed c a 2009 10 31 mnr41acrgu dtl
sick
jam party!
rocked out at the jam party!!
people who need facebook quizzes to define themselves will be deleted from my friends 
geologic time rocks
lot of good music in london  too bad i'm here   
"woo! wedding reception tomorrow    if i screw up, i'll ruin a wedding  it looks fun, but this is actually a quite stressful job "
break!
watching anchorman  come over
thanks
good party  that was hella fun 
listening to music so underground the website dosen't even know what to recommend next 
snow?
i am $75 away from one of the best moments of my youth   
and i got tickets!
best show of my life
composing when i'm creative
"zildjian k custom 18\ ride!!"""
funny people
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6vakohxisi0 dig it 
that's what you get when you loot 
composing at 3am!
haha! got a job at rasputin records!
"first day at rasputin  first job, pull 12 porn dvd's out of the theft resistant cases(hard to open at first) and ring them up  awesome "
"today outside rasputin this guy, named rare, was screaming all day long on the street  my coworkers say i'll miss it when i start working at the concord store    gotta love berkley "
leaving for a gig soon  another party at a church in livermore 
"go to urban dictionary, type your first name, and post the first entry in the comments below "
fighting against stupidity   
street performing
aspirations
songwriting>facebook  later
musicmusic
why
<propfirst> and i need a band name  suggest one   
"peace is not the absence of conflict, peace is the presence of justice "
"\sounds from the kitchen\""  e playful erimental sound design hip hop in progress """
is 19 years of age  about to have a mid youth crisis  
"whoa, thanks for all the birthday love everybody!"
musemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemusemuse
"muse rocked  security did not  i got kicked out by police for crowd surfing and throwing a drumhead onstage  it had a sharpie attached, i though it might get signed  luckily i was able to bribe myself back in real quick for $10  overall amazing night "
e playful lain the universe
new snare drum!
30 seconds to mars :: 24 hours
wisdom teeth removed
burning man
jury duty
to oregon
macenzie river valley today  swam in a hot spring mineral swimming pool  104?
laptop took a dump on itself  now about to drive to <propfirst> hill tomorrow to buy another one for a gig in two days 
 
potential gigs djing at a pizza place hosting dance parties in sf!
just found out that you can't re-download previously purchased music from itunes for any reason 
google gogol bordello wonderlust kings 
anybody have a flat screen computer monitor? i need one 
"intense police situation  \we would like you to surrender  we have the house surrounded \"" way too many cops for concord  go do some speeding while the cops are occupied """
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=sfzgudcbblc
7 songs in the works 
find me a bass player 
"(emotional, dramatic or ispirational quote for you to ponder and judge me by here)"
i need a truck and a generator for a week  know anybody with either?
"\it is maddening when the court lets guilty criminals go free \""\",422cfb laugh f44153ce46fc67c0994ec6a2,remix
anybody want to see the memorials at slims tonight? it's the drummer from mars volta's new band  $15 
band name: the colony
dj qbert in oakland this wednesday     and i'm not gonna be around   
electronics break  bad times 
wants to buy a sailboat
sail car 
there is a cricket im my house 
gmail now has free phone service to all of the us and canada! whaat?
tonight at a barn party gig i got 25 people in cowboy hats to dance to hard electro house  success 
burn
burned out 
muse approaching 
guitar center concord  tomorrow  thursday  6 smile 0 pm  <propfirst> fogg  drum off 2010  come watch 
does anyone have access to a cd duplicator?
muse tonight
took a hit from a 300 pound shirtless guy in a mosh pit at muse  was intense 
couldn't scalp tickets so we saw the black keys from backstage instead   
general <propmale> sucks 
"i've decided to stop playing music, it is stupid, i'm taking up knitting and candle making "
recording thursday   
just made an awesome promo video for the burning man project but now i have to get clearance on the music from pendulum   
get ready for the korean war    again 
"got tickets for sale for our first show  battle of the bands, dna lounge, january 16th  $10 "
live moby radiohead cover in the works 
dub fx in la on the 22nd  that's a drive i want to make 
"so i was biking today, and when i got off the bike i felt a weird sensation in my crotch  when i checked, i couldn't find my left nut  is this common?"
gig this sunday
back to back gigs weekend 
gotta see u2
bad shit shouldn't happen to good people   religion can't justify this for me 
please snow tonight!!
whoa    big earthquake  
burning cd's manually two at a time on laptops    does anybody have a cd duplicator?
two shows this weekend  live video might happen for everyone not going 
live in a few minutes!!
playing some colony music tonight at pine hollow middle school at around 7  i think it's free  benefit gig of some kind 
need a beats antique ticket   
does anyone have an extra beats antique ticket?
