432d6607bbe05bf345d18b908a052655
it is way to hot here!!!!!
it's my birthday in a week!!!!! im gonna be 13  laugh 
six more days!!!
"5 more to go!! i got two dresses as an early present    and am buying more stuff every day almost, cuz thats just about how often i go to the mall with my cus'!!!!"
"4 more to go every1!!!!!!!!! cant wait, im gonna have so much fun!"
"the room im staying in just flooded, i found out my cousins best friends are related to me, and we just had an anniversary party for my grandparents    all in all, life is keeping me entertained "
"hahaha someone just asked me if i've seen anyone be blown up yet    i thought that was really funny  playful  but whats even funnier? my friend asked me if i heard <propfirst> <propmale> died   its like, im not stranded in the middle of nowhere people!! lol"
i just got back from the beach   it was so much fun!! but now im covered top to bottom with sand   i caught a jellyfish!!!!  smile 
"this morning  i went to a cafe for breakfast, and now im hanging out with my cousin!! tomorows my birthday!!!  playful  we're going to sushi, my fav  laugh "
"omg!!!!!!! all day today my cousin and i were taking pictures with her camera because i dont have my usb    anyways    <propfemale> many good pictures, and pictures from when we curled our hair    they were all deleted!!!!!!! and it sucks  sad  and im sad    but oh w"
woohoo!!!!! im thirteen!! (according to <propmale> time)
"went to the beach this morning, got stung by a jellyfish, caught a fish, and two jellyfishes (the second one by hand)  wink  we also played that <propfemale> pong thing, and relaxed  smile "
"i just got back from sushi  smile  my uncle's taking me shopping and we're going on his motorcycle!!!!!!! im so excited (lol, noa)"
"taking fabulous photos of me and <propmale>, their super cute and funny    wish i had my usb!!! (cant wait to go on that motorcycle)"
is sick  sad  but still excited!!!!
"might get another earring if her mommy agrees (please, please, please)   and cant to get on that motorcycle!!  playful "
"might get another earring if her mommy agrees (please, please, please)   and cant wait to get on that motorcycle!!  playful "
i cant go on the motorcycle!!!! someone stole it  sad 
is super tired and is getting another piercing!!!
\\i got my piercing!!!!!!! and     there\\s a <propmale> i might get a ride on the motorcycle!!!!!!!!
i hope i dont have an infection it still hurts  sad 
"omg omg omg    so i was at this place with my cousin, (kinda like a summer camp she's a leader person thing in) and im sitting next to her  suddenly i feel this crawling sensation on my back    and i swat at it (reflex), but theres nothing there    then i"
kinda got over the cockroach    but is still seriously traumatized and scarred for life!!!!!!!!!
cant wait to be surprised!!! (and is coming home in 12 days)
"was totally surprised!! i loved my surprise party girls!! u guys are the best  smile  it was an amazing day    i also got my haircut!!  playful  lol noa, but this would have been more exciting if u werent about to fall asleep any moment at the salon!!!!"
"had fun at the sleepover and at the noar    last night downtown was the best girlzzzzzz (see tal, i didnt leave you out)  wink "
"is going home soon  sad  and bought her friends presents!! (lol, i look like ive been to too many tanning salons   thats how sunburnt i am  playful )"
is counting the days back  sad 
is coming home soon   and will miss everyone a lot!!!!!
will get on the plane in eight and a half hours    and has short hair!!
is going off to the airport in an hour or sooo  sad  !! i dont think i like my short hair anymore    lol
is in the states    and stayed up all night because of my jetleg!!!!!
got rid of her jet leg  laugh  (by staying up until she felt sick)
needs summer to be longer
misses <propmale>  sad          but is even sadder that she has to clean her room     which is impossible   
needs to clean her room so she can get her sofa bed    it will be fun!!!!
@ yosemite    be back on thursday  sad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
back from yosemite  smile 
"european guys are hot  playful , when i was at yosemite i had to keep turning around cuz i was sure i just saw <propmale> pitt's better looking brother  laugh "
had an amazing time with my bff last night!!!!!!
<propfirst>'s was sooo  much fun!! stayed up all night buying songs on itunes    i was really hyper   but this morning we saw the root beers i drank were caffeine free  laugh 
"is eating nasty sick raspberries that taste really gross, and almost burnt the kitchen trying to help her mom cook  playful "
"finished such a good book last night!! it was fantastic, definitely my fav, or one of them!  laugh "
teaching myself guitar
had sooo much fun with <propfirst> last night!!!! we totally rocked  playful  hahaha   today was ok    :-t
"i'm a damsel, i'm in distress, i can handle this  have a nice day  -<propfemale>"
the musical  looking at lofts was super fun   thank you <propfirst>!!
what do you know about my dreams? -<propfemale>
<propfemale> came over for a surprise b-day party (lol a two-person party  laugh ) it was fun  smile  we made defected snickerdoodle cookies lol
"is back! \why wont he just call the police!!!!!!!!!!!!\"" lol <propfirst>   """
"dad cooked     big mistake    (sorry dad, sometimes the truth hurts) i could've had food poisoning!!!!! my tummy hurt really bad    cuz i had carrots that were spoiled in 2006!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wth?!?!?!?!?!"
had a great time at my bff's!!!!
had fun at the concert in the park!! lol me and <propfirst> were going crazy     playful 
school starts tomorrow  annoyed 
is overwhelmed by eighth grade d; ill never make it past highschool!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"please don't talk anymore, it's only going to upset me  -<propfemale>"
"\patrick actually used to be popular before <propfirst> bought him some good music\"""""
might go to sleep in an hour or two    i love coffee  laugh 
hates babysitting  sad  i cant get any work done!
time means money    and my parents owe me for this :-w
       i guess ive learned my lesson    stupid jerkface   
    maybe i should go to sleep   
    i guess everyone has crappy weekends   but this one came out on top   i guess there's always tomorrow  smile 
smoothies make everything better
hates picture day     except for the fact that i got to miss p e   playful  my pics always come out crappy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"my back hurts, i have to sleep on the couch, but my room is repainted   and i just got back from ikea   theres something beautiful about driving on the highway at night    idk, its like a city beauty    like new york at wintertime  smile "
tonight will be the first night sleeping on my new bed!!!! im so excited!! haha
i baked a cake  laugh 
is listening to her itunes on shuffle    its like listening to one of those classic rock channels lol  laugh 
i can still hear you saying    we will never break the chain
r i p  <propmale>  sad 
just got electricuted!!!!!!! (cant spell that lol)
does not feel good     and im fasting  annoyed 
only 4 and a half hours to go!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from the beit knesset    <propfemale> <propfemale> everyone  smile 
memories fade but the scars still linger goodbye my friend will i ever love again
"and it dont have to make no sense to you at all, this is my interpretation  "
hates math?
who stole mr  yoshida's tests?!?!?!?!?! ima haunt you down!!!! that just cost me my grade  crying 
does mr  yoshida have no mercy?
typing up notes for mr  yoshida    did he really talk this much??
im so close to the beaver pelts!!!!!!!!!!
only 3 or so pages to go!!
's back has been hurting very badly    mom says its related to stress  annoyed 
im almost done!
you guys!! i finally finished (with the notes)!!!!!     hope mrs  <propfemale> forgives me for not doing my english hw  annoyed 
r j  pushed me into the pool during p e  and i scraped my arm  laugh  it was not fun but it was hillarious i splashed him and he started screaming like a little girl   lol i love our group  laugh 
i bought super soft gloves   mmmmmmmmmm
gotta get ready to go babysit    yaay  annoyed 
we need more vacation    all this stress is very unhealthy   im gonna die so young  crying 
is loving this weather! <propfemale> cracked my back        owwwwchh  playful 
had some amazing pie  
is it just me? or can some songs soften the mad drums pounding in my heart  
"bought 57 books today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that was soooo much fun   call me a dork, i dont care  laugh "
has the song still loving you by the scorpions stuck in her head right now  playful 
"ok, now i have the song take on me by aha stuck in my head    that song is so fun to listen to!!!!"
talked to her bff from across the nation for almost an hour!!!!!!!
hates homework     why cant life be simpler?
"went to the village venture with <propfemale> and <propfemale>   had soooooooo much fun!!  laugh  lol, i left the house for a few hours and came back with two tattoo's    turtle power!!!!!  laugh "
is losing everything
serving crap on a platter doesn't make it anything but crap
"\lose your dreams and you will lose your mind\""- rolling stones"""
"\people are strange when you're a stranger\""- the doors"""
went trick or treating with her best friend  smile  <propfemale> makes me feel sick tho  sad 
doesn't feel good 
"\and if your head e playful lodes with dark forbodings too ill see you on the dark side of the moon\"" -pink <propmale>"""
time to go to sleep    i didnt even finish half my stuff  annoyed 
had an amazing time at her besties party!!!!!!!!!!!! went tping for the first time    it was enlightening
so weird   my ipods on shuffle and im listening to mr  brightside    all of a sudden i just feel like making a super crazy change 
i think i just grew half an inch      i feel taller   smile 
i didnt even finish my hw  annoyed 
"is getting ready to go see cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs with her bff!!!  love  im so happy i just found i still have 20 bucks, im not broke anymore!!!  laugh  lol"
you've got your nuclear boots and your drip dry gloves and when you bite your lip it's some reaction of love       -the cars
i really dont wanna do my hw  annoyed 
loves history  smile 
its demis bday!!!!!!  love 
"<propfemale> <propmale> needs to get some acting skills, for the sake of summit entertainment   "
taught herself how to play smells like teen spirit on the guitar    love that song  laugh 
hahaha some critic just called twilight the most sexually charged movie with no sex in it  laugh  and that its not just for teenage girls but it turns anyone who sees it into a teenage girl    lol love this guy!!
why have i been hearing christmas songs all week and its only november?!?!
58 notifications  annoyed        i do not wanna do this  laugh 
is loving one-metallica    amazing song
"saw some awesome movies today  smile  one of them was the making of dark side of the <propfemale>, i saw the twilight zone movie lol, and then i saw casablanca, and the way we were "
dude    whytf cant people make decent music these days?
you kno whats beyond me? why do models have to be half naked to advertise shoes? or bags? r the people who make the merchandise really that self-conscious about what they made? its like their not even trying to sell the product anymore             
dangit! i just lost the game  laugh  i need to stop thinking so much lol
how can ur mind wander from red shirts to <propmale> <propmale> in less then 5 seconds?
hey! its friday! now i can actually get some sleep  laugh 
finally got to bed last night around 1     and broke her bed?? o o
goshdangit     tomorows monday  annoyed         no!!!!!!!!!!!  crying 
9 o'clock and i havent started my hw     i never thought id take part in the act of masochism    lol  playful 
hot coco    yum
has like 9+ blisters on her feet    no joke  and i doubt ill make the team  sad  lol i feel so short next to the other people  laugh 
"is waiting anxiously for 5 oclock, i have a feeling that i didnt make it cuz i suck like that lol, oh and i made the spelling <propfemale> haha"
didnt make the cut  annoyed 
"first night of hannukah (ok there are so many ways to spell it so idk if this is right) was ok, i wore a dress and actually did something with my hair and stuff so it was different lol, oo and i got mu ugg's and the cd i wanted!!  smile  i still feel bad about the basketball thing tho  sad "
hasnt done any hw for the past 2 hours cuz im too lazy to get up walk 2 yards and get my paper lol im so pathetic
omg my bed is all glitter!!  laugh  neeeevvvvveeeerrrrr letting my mom wrap gifts on my bed ever again    hahaha my pjs are gonna be glittery!! lol
is choking on applesauce!!! omg literallyyyyyyyy ouch!!  laugh  eewwwwwwww i have hw!!!! o o
its my sisters birthday!!  love 
omg i need to start on my bookcover  annoyed        
needs to read 400 or so pages by tomorrow    i will not use sparknotes or anything like that x(
just got two shots     i was bleeding really bad     and i cant move my arm it hurts so much!!!
had a good time at the village  smile 
is allergic to cats  crying 
had just about the best weekend ever    can u say amazing!?!
just found out im part of the group medical marijuana movement? wtf? i never added that  
who is the creep that asked me 57 questions on formspring? hahaha thanks for giving me something to do  playful 
omg is it really sunday???? dangit i have homewooorrrrkkk ;'(
but what if i dont waaaaannnnnnnaaa do my hw?  annoyed 
"had a lot of fun today  smile  guess what, its my half bday!!!  laugh "
had fun  laugh  thanks for an awesome time girlss!  love 
"is eating ice cream, listening to music, and actually enjoying math   anything thatll help me forget ill have to start my great seal project tomorrow  crying "
"that was horrible  im not done with any of my homework  not the project, not the math, not the english, and not the science, -__-  im a failure     hhhhh   "
im really confused: its almost midnight  i just got on fb for the first time today  and i havent done my homework yet    oh well 
"he loves me, he loves me not  that is one scary psycho french lady!! the movie probably wasnt meant to be scary, but im scared of my own voice right now! even tho it was a foreign film, it was good, and i love that french music, awesome  laugh "
"people, if u get somehthing saying may he live forever, please ignore it    that would be my retarded friends speaking "
i cant believe its <propfemale> again  sad 
idk if i should eat lunch today    i mean my dad made it    last time i had his food i was almost food poisoned o o
ugh mr  yoshida doesn't have to talk so freakin much   
i think ima just do my hw tomorrow morning    i love reverse minimum days  laugh 
"im just gonna wear my dress from 6th grade to the dance class tonight    the one in the pic, but for some reason it looked better on me back then  annoyed "
"we had a black out today and our wii, computer, fridge, microwave, and home phones got ruined  annoyed "
"met up with an old friend  old friends are the ones that will stay with you forver  smile  my astrology reading thing on fb says im gonna have drama tomorrow, and im gonna be in a stressful mood    i can only imagine whats gonna happen  annoyed "
why does everyone all of a sudden have a middle name? o o
facebook changed and it's making my head hurt  sad 
im huuuunnnggrryyyy!!!!!!!!!  crying 
"i got horrible people on my iflirtz, but at least now i know what mistake i made  it's the same mistake i made last year too, i said i'm smart "
omg im so in love    <propfirst> bacon has the same birthday as me  love 
"the basketball game last night was like no other, it was sooo intense!! everyone was standing on their seats and my voice is so hoarse  laugh  we won!!! go cms!!!!  love  haha"
omg i have so much homework 
<|3
"u kno how u kno when uve found an amazing song? when u listen to it, and at least one part of it makes u have chills that run through your whole body your heart stops cold  and you feel like uve run a mile  its more powerful then anything ive ever felt  and more powerful then what i kno of love  and like the rolling stones say, its the singer not the song (thats not the song i was listening to though ahaha)"
made bike marathon  smile  i was really happy! i hope its ok im blowing off my hw tonight cuz tomorrows career day so im just gonna say i left it at home  playful 
today was lots of fun  smile  hope tomorrow will be just as good!!
"state, here we come!!  laugh "
today was awesome!  smile 
this weekend has been amazing  laugh  i  love  u guys that make my days exciting
thinks its freakin dumb that someone can have an amazing weekend and wake up on monday to greet the crappiest mood u can think of 
has had the  worst  week  ever 
why are people i dont know adding me? i mean like people i have no mutual friends with   
actually started cleaning her room (<propfemale> we need to celebrate haha)  i finally realized my parents weren't kidding when they said i lived in a pigsty  annoyed 
migraine 
noooo hw nooo  sad 
feels like things should be getting better    which is making things even worse
is gonna go to the hollywood bowl soon to see <propfirst> mccartney  smile 
that  was  like  nothing  i  will  ever  see  in  my  life
"is spending the first day of spring break at home  lovely  annoyed    but im still ecstatic, no school for a week! and death valley!! cant wait  laugh "
f*ck you- <propfemale> <propfirst>
is gonna have the best time everrr   
"that was a fantastic trip  smile  thanks so much grace sanchez-hagen, alexandrea hagen, <propfemale> vasquez bergstrom, and <propfemale> <propfemale> patterson for a great time!"
i hate teachers who give hw over break    its kinda sad i dont look forward to going to school after break anymore  annoyed   
good night everyone    sweet dreams  love 
thinks the amount of homework we get after break is ridiculous 
what about the night we cried? because there wasn't any reason  left to keep it all inside 
doesn't remember what exactly shes supposed to be waiting for?
formspring is pissing me off so bad
had a dream that she and mick jagger fell in love with each other    (in my dream he wasnt 66 lol)
today was pretty cool    this weekend is gonna be fun  smile 
hoommmeewwooorrkkk -_- this sucks  our weekends should be a break from school and the work that comes with it!
no one ever asks me anything lol http annoyed  formspring me edenraviv
some people just disappoint me    if everyone thought that way there would be no progress anywhere  the world would be helpless and unfair  and the ignorant would be the righteous 
vote for <propfemale> as v p   smile 
just ate about a gazillion marshmallows hehe    congrats <propfemale>!!!  smile 
http annoyed  www formspring me edenraviv
tomorrows gonna be horrible    3 hours of testing for math  annoyed 
tomorrow's state competition    wish us luck  smile 
is a failure 
"is going to little tokyo for mother's day, what are u guys doing?"
is gonna have a pretty packed week    hope i can manage  smile  haha
got to see my map exam grade today after school    guess what i got??
yea    i really dont kno what to do   
"spent the last hour packing for bike marathon, while listening to <propfirst> <propfirst>, im surprised no one woke up yet? its on my comp   i only packed some pj's, and an extra shirt or tomorrow, and a sweatshirt    thats the least ive ever packed for anything!"
"had a lot of fun at bike marathon    except or the part that i only got 3 hours of sleep, and it was either super cold or super hot haha    when i got home, i was so ready to take a shower u have no idea    but guess what? were redoing the shower   today "
has been really tired lately   
my brother's getting an ipad  fml 
grey's anatomy was so intense last night!! i was literally shaking on the edge of my seat   
just had some amazzzing food mmm  smile 
has way to much homework   
"\there are more slaves today than ever before in human history \"" this is shameful """
its 9? right now? when did time leave me behind?
pretty much someone hacked me and im sorry if i missed deleting it from ur profile
"\eden do you want to come with us to this concert?\""  \""when is it?\""  \""in three months\""  \""but when?\""  \""forget it you don't even wanna go anyway\""  thanks dad """
one month  had fun today  smile  didnt like being in front of that crowd tho   good job guys!
"he must remember that  he must never e playful ect or hope for anything different \-<propmale> trumbo"
"is lady gaga trying to sell her music or her body? i looked up one of her songs on youtube and halfway through i noticed i felt like i was looking at a prostitution commercial or something and her song was just the background music   its like shes making a joke out of herself, its just not funny "
had fun tonight! sorry if i looked like a fool    cant help it  playful 
is having one of the best days ever  it cannot be ruined& ill never forget it  smile 
i guess i spoke too soon   
cant wait for chs!
4 parties in the past 3 days   this summer is starting off quite nicely  smile 
has been really bored lately   i kinda feel like spending this summer in my room  annoyed 
ortho appointment today    man are they gonna be pissed at me   
is going insane   these stupid flies are driving me crazy!!
just saw the saddest movie ever and is now crying her eyes out    first time in forever haha   
one week guys     smile 
excited for today    <propfemale>''s a creeperr
4th of july today    im wearing red white and blue hahaha    first time ive staid here this long  smile 
had an awesome time today   best 4th of july ever  smile 
"friendship is a two way thing, its not something you can just call upon when you want it or need it   im glad i got to spend some time with friends before i leave  smile "
"feels like summer is pretty much over   but really all awaits me is a new adventure   its gonna be so different and ive been waiting for it all year, i just hope my e playful erience will grow to my e playful ectations  smile  i hate <propmale>& that stupid book!"
would really like a nap now   please    annoyed 
woke up a while ago    i cant sleep!! i already miss you guys so much    last night was a win haha <propfemale> des is the best!
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  smile  it really means a lot and i hope i replied to everyone!! haha    im so hot temperature-wise its incredible  playful 
"was up from 3 smile 0 in the morning yesterday, went to the market with my little sister and then took her to a playground  then i went and <propmale> out with my other grandparents and dad    my uncle took me over to my cousins house and then me, her, and her friend went on a bus to this shopping place in tel aviv   "
"by the time we got back i was so tired cuz i had already been up 14 hours and i only had 4 and a half or so hours of sleep   when i got home we left to go to my uncles apartment on this roof and we had a barbeque and a mini bday for me    i fell asleep  and got crap from my mom,"
"but i finally got home and went to sleep around 11  that means i was awake for 19 hours  this morning i woke up at 7 because these stupid birds will not shut up    besides that, i feel like im in my personal hell-hole since this place feels like a sauna  all in all, life is good?  smile "
is a summer camp councilor  smile 
wow  life is pretty darn good  if i was with <propfemale> descombes id knock on wood  wink 
"no, yonatan <propfemale>, i will not be your boyfriend until you shower  haha today was too much fun  smile "
"sorry yonatan <propfemale>, now i cant be ur boyfriend cuz im getting married to ???? ????  smile ) haha funn"
is all wounded?! <propmale> always does this to me  playful 
's feet hurt  sad 
is tired! i had a long day today   but it was fun  smile 
was in the sea for 4 hours  now im brown and sunburnt   haha
looks like a tomoato 
is worse than an idiot  im a shoe  annoyed 
"is all mosquito bites and battle wounds from slippers, sandals, and flats    also, my face is peeling   some parts are still red, others are dark from the tan part of the burn, and a part of my nose is pink  annoyed  its bugging me   "
"today was the last day of the summer camp i was helping out with   the good-bye ceremony was really emotional, very well-thought out  smile  im gonna miss everyone tons   these were the best 2 weeks ever  "
"so basically two days ago i lost my favorite flip flops that ive had for more then 2 years  they're <propfirst> hilfiger, and already had the shape of my foot   and they were sooo comfortable  crying (    they were the ones with the whole from the rusted nail!! and now i could just die  annoyed "
people are confusing && i dont like it  annoyed  but i confuse myself the most   
can someone please pinch me?
just when things get good everyone leaves  annoyed  im going to miss everyone!! what time do you guys get back thursday?
wishes summer wouldnt end  sad  theres not enough time    today was tiring   
is going crazy 
spent the day with my uncle's new puppy  smile ) shes the cutest!
misses him    today should be fun   i wanna get my nails done and haircut    and im for sure going to see avshalom gol's new puppy again!!  smile 
got her hair cut  smile  idk what to think of it yet   
the converter between my comps charger and the israeli outlet is ruined  so now my computer is dead and i have no way to charge it  
is already missing <propmale>   i dont wanna leave!!
"just spent a couple of hours walking through old jaffa, having a sambousa at the abuelafia, and walking beside the mediterranean sea at night   i finally found my camera charger so i was able to take a few photos  smile "
i hate her  so much 
does your mother know?
"went to the kiosk to buy my cousin a lolipop, and bought myself a nectarine at the market   now i feel a little better    on my way home i thought about all the adventures i had here when i was little, and how i dont have half the imagination i used to  "
really needs to start seeing things more clearly 
"yesterday i slipped in the shower and stubbed my toe in the wall, i couldnt sleep all night and i cant walk now  im blaming <propfirst> sirenko  playful   today im leaving for a kibbutz in the north were we have family friends, it should be intensely hot but i might live  smile "
"is back from the kibbutz, and is intensely tired  "
doesnt feel good  annoyed 
doesn't even want to mentally prepare for school yet   
i am not naive  you dont know me 
itss friday the 13th!!  smile )
"umm guys, i think you have something on your back?  smile  meitar ???'? ???'? shabtay ,yonatan <propfemale>, mor shiloach, saar erez, shahar kadayér, ???? ?????"
cant sleep cuz im coughing so much  sad  someone help me sleep?
is suuuuunnn buurrnttt!
last day in <propmale>  i hate how time flies 
pretty much had 3 hours of sleep and then went sight seeing all day   <propfirst> is pretty cool  smile 
i can hardly walk my feet hurt so bad   the <propfemale> <propfemale> really does look at you from all angles  smile  <propmale> englebert
"yea, that wasnt rain   but is there such a thing as a 20 minute rainstorm? <propfirst> is so confusing    smile "
tomorrow morning is our flight back to <propfemale>    im going to miss <propfirst>   and i already miss you guys in <propmale>  annoyed 
"ok  so we just got the internet back up  im home, my braces are off, and i finished registration  it was nice seeing some of you guys again  smile "
"had a very nice weekend, thanks girls! the fashion show was like no other  smile "
why is everyone so excited? i think of work and i wanna shoot myself   
this is officially the worst feeling ever  i hate them 
just when i thought i was done with braes    retainers  annoyed 
first high school football game tonight   funnn  smile 
im so sick of school already  crying 
"got my phone taken away, and took a much needed nap  smile "
my dad should seriously hide the hanukkah gifts   no joke i cannot find my phone anywhere
should i be thinking about sadies? idt ill ask anyone   
"to everyone: happy holidays! i hope you all have an amazing & sweet new year  smile  i love and miss you all, can't wait to see you next year  love "
fml 
wow that was the saddest g rated movie ive ever seen in my life    thats just depressing   
"everyone, i'd like to apologize for anything i could have done to hurt you  i like to think that i usually have people's best interest in mind, and everything i do is out of love  i'm sorry if i said, or did anything i souldn't have  i love you guys, you're my life  love  and to my friends and family in israel: happy holidays  smile  i miss you all so much, and think of you everyday  i hope the tzom goes by easily, good luck "
in spirit    again! <propfemale> descombes  caity pfau
wow   is the universe trying to tell me something?
its sad when i have to hear what you did from someone who doesnt even know you 
needs to prioritize a little   
i like it in my closet  love 
"had an amazing weekend, lots of good memories   but its not over, now i get to attempt my homework  smile "
i think today was one of the worst days i have ever e playful erienced 
"soooooooo tired   i havent slept in forever   speech and debate was so hilarious today   i swear alexandrea hagen, i think they were about kick us out hahaha   so funny  smile "
football game was amazing  smile 
needs some serious help 
my phone is seriously screwed up  like its water damaged for real this time   
screw math 
idk how im gonna dance tonight    i hope my knee feels better! (and i hope i find a dress) hahaha
homecoming wasnt bad  smile 
had a great time with <propfirst> <propfirst>! ily girl  smile 
"alexandrea hagen, \you have a youwkneeck personality\"" hahahaha"""
"it kinda sucks how our <propfemale> of time changes throughout the years, as well as our desires    one moment used to be a lifetime, and now a lifetime is going by too fast    before you know it, its all gonna be over   "
feels like crying cuz i have to prep for that stupid socratic seminar tomorrow    i wish i could just go to sleep  annoyed 
"watching the tigger movie with my little sister  smile  \ttfn! tata for now\"" haha"""
did the best shopping ever today!  smile 
i guess i might as well    like this status and ill tell you what i like about you  smile 
has been feeling sick all day  annoyed 
definitely shouldn't have eaten right now  
where did everyone go? o o
"pretty much, overall, had an amazing weekend    smile "
alexandrea hagen dont forget our deal!!  smile 
got hw from every class? that was une playful ected    cant wait to blow all my money on friday!!  smile 
"its nice how different people from different backgrounds can always come together on days like this to enjoy amazing food, great company, and gratefulness   im very grateful for the people i can love in my life   "
is so incredibly screwed  kill me now 
i guess today's the day im supposed to start homework?  annoyed  hahaha this wasnt that smart of me  
"this week is going by pretty well  smile  nothing drastic has happened yet, and tomorrow's the first night of hanukkah!"
"this whole week ive had so much hw   including this weekend  annoyed  but tomorrow's gonna be amazing, kings vs  red wings will be a lot of fun  smile "
"game was amazing, kings won! tonight's gonna be a great end to a wonderful weekend  smile "
tiramisu  love 
is gonna find a way   smile 
little  brown  bag   smile 
"might as well already say goodbye to winter break, its gonna go by so fast!! annddd thank you <propmale> englebert  smile "
"???? ???? , i am not an old man  playful "
new years resolution: im gonna work on some self control  smile 
feels like i never left school   
needs sleep!
is in such  a bad  mood 
oh shoot   im gonna have to break into the school again  annoyed 
has been watching movies and eating alll day   best prep for finals  wink 
the bachelor=pimp 
oh mrs  mumper    annoyed 
weirdest  dream  ever 
that was a good movie   smile 
has had the best weekend  ever   smile 
"\mother superior jump the gun\"""""
had an awesome day today  smile  especially eating my life away with demi may  love 
had an awesome time stealing children's food with <propfemale> martinez smile  haha
sugarr rushhh  ! noushawn noorzady  smile 
loves bananas  love 
ouch  annoyed  bad ideaa!
today is a good day  smile 
"homina-homina hey!  smile  <propfemale> umansky, <propfemale> <propfemale>"
mrs  evans lied  this isearch thing isn't taking half an hour  i've been sitting here for the past hour trying to decide what i wanna do haha
"but <propfemale> smiled and took me by the hand\and said dear boy i'm gonna make you a man- the kinks "
"ended the day exactly like i started it, except for my hair being up, and pink frosting on my shoe  wink "
valentines day  love 
that was so dangerous and exciting and tiring! how do people do it?!
loves icing  love 
noushawn noorzady  love 
i  love  <propfemale> martinez's grandpa with the curly hair!!
its a cold day in july  
should i go tonight?
is such a freak!
had to ask the hardest questions evvveerr for my isearch!
"i guess i could play along   like this and ill tell you your best feature, my first impression of you, and rating  smile "
what am i missing?
<propfirst> hagen is having sex in a tent!
sometimes you cant win with everything   this may be the first time its smarter for me to give up  
this weekend should be interesting!
"sigalit gol raviv, <propmale> raviv, have fun in <propfemale>!  smile "
just finished my science fair e playful eriment   time to start the report&project??
you are not real 
looking at old posts from the summer   i miss you guys in <propmale> so so much!  sad 
had such an amazing time tonight!  love 
has blisters from dancing with those dang heels all night long  annoyed  watching disney movies with my sister is the best way to spend a sunday afternoon!
worst  school day  ever 
wants to play a game of <propfirst> <propmale>!!
"ceramics, oh ceramics   why do you have to be so mean to me?"
"finally, a good day  smile "
what i've noticed? light brings us hope  there is no way to frown before the sunshine  smile 
about that character journal   
