6d2f0a579e1905b3975247e5cca41e34
thats an eyebrow raiser
andi  gives  daddy  his  boners 
im in la bitch
"tomorrow back to school, drag "
"man i just took the sickest nap, as in im sick and i took a nap"
watching modern family
i dont understand crap about my history hw
fuck this class lmao
casual and careless? yeah!
playing halo reach  smile 
"is playen halo reach , beast  smile "
monday! monday! monday!
"omfg im so sick, i cant even drink my juice without coughing"
"oh yeah, glee "
today = best wat wat? inglewood 
"nighte night, strangers "
dam! thats how they get you  house is the best show ever
that'd be funny
that algebra final is tomorrow then i'm done thinking for the week
so i'm listening to thug music thinkin how i did on my algebra final  thats not common
dam today was kinda the awesomest ever
i got that new hair cut smell
wtf is wrong with lady gaga? her outfit is an egg  i don't get the style value of an egg shell
erybody better know there pledge for p a
"i'm too psychic, how did i know it was #3? how about i'm awesome that's why"
what the fuck wisconsin ?!
wtf forgot that current event!
"woo-hoo fathers home, plus three day weekend  oh shit party all day"
"that party was bumbing, i loved the mexican side off things  laugh "
"at grandmas house, i'm so adorable i had made all there valentines day cards  smile "
"omg apple is like crazy smart, idk if i should get the iphone now or wait till june for the possibility of a iphone 5"
"i should just but that as my header, lets get shit together!"
"listen to cumbia and doing homework, isn't life great?  smile "
downloading pictures gonna take years hahah but worth it  laugh 
"so today was kinda slow, but dang p e was activity!"
"keep making that, keep making that platinum and gold for me!"
"got that iphone!, cute "
can you stop karate kid?
"thank you, i love finding things i lost  im straight up happy!"
i'm so listening creedence clearwater revival fyi best band name ever its so simple  smile 
"so today was fun, had some <propmale> laughs and got some weight lifted of my back "
so i just got money! i am going to buy a guitar and be just like <propmale> <propmale>
well i don't need no money i just need a day that's <propfemale>  wink 
"i want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather   not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car "
why did the guy cross the road? he heard the chicken was a slut
boycott shampoo! demand the real poo!
"everybody repeat after me, \we are all individuals\"""""
you know its bad luck to be superstitious
plan to be spontaneous - tomorrow
"on the other hand, you have different fingers"
school is just an elaborate plot by vampires to obtain the blood of teenagers through blood drives
"i've never tipped a cow  then again, one has never served me food"
guatemala vs usa its like my legs vs my arms i don't know which to choose  well i do have a killer punch; go guate!
guatemala is winning! as in the <propfirst> sheen kind  final score: 2-1 proven fact guatemalans are amazing  smile 
every time you sneeze some of your brain cells die  so keep on sneezing ya bastards
i used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out
waking up early everyday its like if im a teenager hanging out with my frie ds or something
if you really wanted to save the environment you'd use both side of the toilet paper
i told the doctor i broke my leg in two places  he told me to quit going to those places
can people who are born blind see their dreams?
"what if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? in that case, i definitely overpaid for my carpet "
at <propfemale>'s house allll! daaaaay! (analeslie is laughing)
"mud-run best day ever  jenny,israel, analeslie, <propfemale>, and not <propfirst> are at my home ,whats good  laugh  allll daaayy!"
"baby sister is now officially potty trained, can my life get any better?"
its called teenage lifes; at analeslies house had the funniest day ever  from antique shopping to running for bus and the awful picture skills in the pool
finally  laugh d with the facebook and the photo uploading and the and the  
"went to church, get my jesus on "
"dont you just love dogs, chewing through phone lines and junk -_- ahh sarcasm"
"one little problem that confronts you got a monkey on your back\just one more fix, lord might do the trick (jesus)"
papa johns anyone!? this place about to bloww oh oho oh ohh
osama bin laden dead fuck you terroist!
obama is on the tele! boy can he make good speeches  crying  tear 9-11
"if have never taken a nap in the middle of the day you a missing out, its like bathing yourself in relaxation or you know watever"
"i used to be addicted to soap, but im clean now"
"family full of jokesters, but gotta love um  except when they hide all the stuff that is precious to you ;p"
wtf   rain?
omg twitter ruins everything! its like yeah let me spoil the shows you watch <propfemale> reyes-cuevas
"so tomorrow ap test, i can feel tomorrow's mid day nap already  today was a good stress reliever, that dragon boat is no joke"
so i totally kicked the ap test ass!
"get sick, get well hang around a ink well ring <propfemale>, hard to tell\if anything is goin’ to sell "
awh yeah this is powerful stuff 
got me circling like the <propfemale> round the sun  acting crazy like a fool all drunk  wink 
"yep, hes like our best friend now"
"everyday you learn something new, today is the exception  wink "
so this weekend is going to be pretty dope  can you say party? + jumper 
weekend full of joy!
"so i almost died of embarrassment today, i literally was left speechless  wink  but its alright tho"
our school looks so swag in the sky cam of the news 
"got my ipod on one hand and my brownie in another, aint life grand "
are you being sarcastic?
floppy  yes floppy!     you can't even let me name my imaginary dog 
"so this is shaping up to be the best summer  concerts, friends, and best of all guatemala "
"doing my homework, so why am i on facebook my mom asked me  wink "
just got a boss guitar!!   im so excited and i just fight it  i just might be losing control
so desperate housewives is the best and most interesting show in the face of the universe!
pulling a analeslie and walking all the way home  __ 
"iron man!, was the only reason i forgot how horrible algebra 2 is for like 30 minutes  but all together today was good "
"i can't feel my legs or my arms, iron man thank you very much "
"10:59 smile 9  i submitted my essay, it was due at 11 surprise 0 surprise 0  boss!"
rocket nba champions!!
alright for reals no more facebook have to do project  im going to like block the site for the time being 
fact: me and analeslie martinez are being boss and doing our project
"tomorrows monday, already?"
"wow my laptop charger broke, worst timing ever my project on this frekin laptop is due wednesday "
"watching spongebob, never gets old "
"algebra 2 final on tuesday, gonna find a way to tattoo the whole book on my body "
super8!; so today was pretty good  10th grade has been the best year yet 
"tommorows last day of school, let it be the best day of school"
"last day of 10th grade, spent it watching ace ventura crying in the shower  no regrets!"
doing rolly <propfemale> olly at analeslie martinez house
"1st day of summer, im free!!"
summer of music! i need way more memory in my ipod 
how on god's green earth do you tune a guitar?!?
"when the world is running down, you make the best of what's still around "
"watching <propfirst> crowne  theres so many old people here, how adorable  wink "
analeslie martinez: shammit!!
"nothing just happend, dont worry about it analeslie martinez "
"its a hundren and ten, but its no problem"
"i passed the ap test, fuck yeaah!"
"best part of tranformers, <propfirst> dempsey  what a stud "
i like what i see with my eyes shut 
"6 cops outside my house, man i need to get out of the ghetto"
words are magic  <propmale> potter was amazing 
"oh how i've missed laptop internet, its so much better than ipod internet"
"analeslie martinez; im so smart  you know that 'get busy liven, or get busy dying' is from shawshank redemption "
"i got catcher in the rye, excited  _ "
"its been 5 years without my first bestfriend, my brother  rip zelvin (9 22 88-7 22 06)"
thought someone was landing an airplane in my backyard 
"i still have faith in humanity, some nice citizen returned my wallet  didn't even take anything, some people are still nice "
"just bought tickets to guatemala, can you feel my swag?"
"dragon-rider, till i die "
"out of no where, i thought about air <propmale>  man if anything represents my childhood its that dog playing human sports "
"holy mother of god, im leaving to guatemala friday and i have nothing ready"
"in guatemala, im so cool"
"finally on fb, but no ones online  surprise  que putas mucha (guatemala!)"
in guatemala  boss
lausd thinks they can take chocolate milk away from me  im taking nesquik to school next month  gonna buy it in bulk!
im happy with a new little guy in the cuevas family
nothing better than being in guatemala when they win 4-0
"gracias a dios ya llege a los <propfemale>  quiero mucho a mi familia en guatemala, yo si via ir para tras lo prometo"
"oh my god bro, i need a folder for almost every class  guess how many i have? none"
"don't you just hate when you copy down the wrong problem, so now it's like your doing math for fun  not my intention!"
"already home, i ate me some junk food while walking  so it cancels each other out right?"
"never ever ever smoking crack, never ever ever fucking wack "
"there was light in the room, then you left and it was through ~ (avett brothers)"
"saw the kooks, this makes me wanna start a band  get ready for the \jaguar jazz\"""""
"so much tv, but so much homework  making a executive decision, tonight    no sleep "
lieutenant is what i be 
"there's really nothing better than facebook, watching <propmale> cowell, and listen to new music  life is good yawl "
<propmale> football games  ah teenage mysteries
ima frame this shit
awh yeah buffalo bills  dah bills!
i hate who ever had my u s  history book before me  they put stupid dots on every paragraph  its annoying me jeeezus
"bus going at warped speed!! btw, had a good day"
"who loves baseball, which in turn means you love <propfemale>  go rangers!"
can't be a better halloween then this  a lot of it is because i got a c in math analysis! gonna learn how to do a cartwheel and bust one out s a p 
does rain cancel out smog and pollution because i can actually see the hollywood sign on the freeway
<propfirst> mendez was here haha  laugh 
j m  ps: <propfemale> is awsome  laugh 
"artist: beastie boys\favorite song: get it together, brass monkey \worst song: boomin granny  _ \lms for an artist ;b"
"i have no life, i took a personality exam (over 500 q's) and it really brought to light some of my problems hahah    depressing"
