c6fe7d2b20107e7b3514160848f94b78
yup  just joined facebook  w00t and stuff 
whoa  is it really friday already? senior year is just zipping by 
i never thought i'd say this but     here goes    deep breath    i'm actually looking forward to the homecoming dance! there!
having two simultaneous chat sessions  gotta love those face icons   smile 
"so, do teenage boys come with instruction manuals, or what? because seriously, i feel so dumb for not having figured them out yet  maybe i just need to lose that extra hundred sixty pounds and become a cheerleader   playful "
e playful erience is a good teacher  i learned that the hard way 
"either something amazing happened today, or i'm reading too much into things again  it's probably the latter, but for now, i'm just going to enjoy it  ah, ignorance is bliss   smile "
back from homecoming  how to describe it? enchanting? wonderful? awesomesauce? a freaking blast? yes!!!
"everyone is entitled to their opinion, no matter how wrong they are "
"i'm not short  i'm just always surrounded by tall people  yes, there's a difference "
"so, if everybody's unique, and i'm the only normal person, then what does that make me   ?"
*insert poetic lyrics here*
yay! it's friday! and that means that tomorrow's saturday! and that means that the next day is sunday! and the next day- wait   
"for all the comforting words in the world, you'd think there would be something that could cheer me up "
"you know how some people go shopping to cheer themselves up? i just tried that    and what do you know, it worked wonders!"
"awesome! i just finished writing a song last night  not sure what to call it, though   "
hates nettles 
"a song in your heart, a place in mine "
"has a cough  no pain, no other symptoms  just coughing all the time  it's annoying  go away, cough!"
"okay god, you win  i'm sorry for complaining about my coughing  you can get rid of my fever now    and the cough, too, if you don't mind   "
"leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  only one word, no more  then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a comment about you  or not  whatever "
"finally named my song, and just sent it out to be published on youtube!"
"is going to the craft boutique in a minute  my arms are still sore from yesterday, but i'm still lifting tables   "
"when life gives you lemons, throw them back, add a rock, and run!"
itzhak perlman concert tonight! i can't wait to see the best in action!
<propfemale> pong balls!?
gonna get an eye surgery on friday  if i'm not back by saturday    just wait longer   playful 
so my act score went down from a 32 to a 31  my response: aww   playful 
"the colors of my eyes should be flag colors: white, brown, red "
"if workaholics are addicted to work, then that means alcoholics are addicted to    alc? language weirds me   playful "
that's the trouble with being a leader    i get to take the blame 
*insert intensely meaningful song lyrics that somehow apply to my life here*
"i have a question  we have three snow days in a row, which never happens, like, ever  three days off of school, to catch up on assignments and sleep, and to relax (which at this time in the year, we need quite a bit)  and everywhere i look, people are complaining about this?"
"is currently trying to calm down her mom, who's practically foaming at the mouth because i got the regents scholarship to uno  my tuition is now paid in full   laugh "
so my sister's online connection was interrupted and she was unable to get a connection  how did i solve this problem? by going online to look for the answer  irony!
my new year's resolution: to come up with a better resolution next year 
"just did rhythm boxing on wii fit for twenty-five minutes  feel the burn! (actually, i don't, but i will tomorrow )"
my nomination for most unpleasant sensations: butt-flossing with a guitar string  you do not want to know 
i'm currently taking an ap calculus course and an ap government course  the class i'm struggling with the most is beginning pottery  irony!  playful 
"the good news: no homework tonight  the bad news: no sleep, either "
"holy cow, holy cow! i did it! i got the <propfirst> <propfirst> scholarship! i don't have to pay a dime for college! aaaahh!!!"
"it's been the longest, most exhausting week of the school year and it's still  only  wednesday    i need to bite something "
"tip for teachers (and parents too): how about a little positive reinforcement once in a while, huh? i make mistakes, fine  but when i do something right, i wouldn't mind a <propfirst> on the back "
"totally destroyed my improv audition today!     of course, i mean that in a bad way   playful "
i am such a procrastinator  i've been putting off this status post for two weeks now   
so what if i got my but kicked twice in a row afterward? i beat <propmale> at chess! whoop!
"i had really important blueprints, and my cat peed on them  they're still intact    but now they're greenprints  ba-dum <propfemale> "
"i went to the choir adjudication today  and boy, do they sound fantastic! keep up the awesome work, guys!  laugh "
"one <propfirst> of a true leader is to do what's right, no matter how much crap you're likely to receive for it  we're lucky to have a leader like that "
ack! no! i don't want to go to sleep yet! so drowsy   
"it's hard enough to be a mother  it's even harder to be a single mother, especially with three kids who drag you through hell and back  ultimately, though, you're a stronger person for it \\you're welcome, mom "
"normally, i can't play first-person shooters  i'm not very good, and i just don't care for them  but throw in some zombies, and i'm in "
just ate a lemon-bar dipped in baked beans  yum!
i believe in the beauty of simplicity 
i've finally graduated- i even have the diploma and the blisters to prove it!
you can't have an orchestra without a second fiddle 
just survived a level of left 4 dead on hard mode  and i don't care how many times i got killed; i still pulled my own weight! > smile 
"is now the proud owner of the coolest chess set i've ever seen! and trust me, i've got, like, five of them!    oh god, i'm such a nerd   "
awesome! it's not too late! ahem  happy father's day!
"i'm thinking of writing a book: natural beauty for dummies  chapter 1: why you'll probably never look like a super model (and if you do, see a doctor)"
"has everything to say, and no idea how to say it "
"i wish my brain had a \silent mode\""  it will not shut up!"""
"i have no reason to be up whis early  but since i am, it's really nice "
"one week before the e playful iration date, the milk smells exactly like imitation crab meat  strange   "
curse reality  i'm messed up enough without it 
"happy fourth of july, everyone! have a great time (and for those of you operating fireworks, be safe, too)!"
"i had somehow forgotten how awesome my family is  thanks for reminding me, guys!"
i learned something new today: there's actually a class at uno for walking and jogging  the prerequisite is crawling 
"live life for what it is, not what it might be tomorrow "
"going to see toy story 3 today: second time for me, first time for my family  i'm probably the most excited to see it!"
"i haven't had this much fun on facebook in a long, long time "
the person i want to talk to most right now is in iowa with no minutes and no internet  gah!
"just when i think i'll be okay, just when i think everything's going to work itself out, smack! reality strikes again, like a freight train to the face "
perfection itself has the flaw of unreality 
just got a free lesson on plagal and deceptive cadences  fascinating stuff!
"a day late, but    happy one-year anniversary sonic adventure abridged!"
just lost the game 
thought for the day  don't ask what if; celebrate what is 
"next week it's just me and my brother, and we're going to smash that writer's block into smithereens!"
just got caught in the rain  awesome!
"typical  i fire one stray bullet into my friend's face and suddenly i'm the one with issues  so i killed all three of my teammates, took their stuff and cackled madly as i dove head-first into a ring of fire  who has issues now!?\\left 4 dead is such a great game   smile "
"how in the heck did i mistake an \e\"" for a \""k\""? that's a horrible excuse for a typo  at least i learned from my mistawe """
"\we got the beat\"" starts playing in a commercial \",c6fe7d2b20107e7b3514160848f94b78,is moving in one week!
"another saturday, come and gone    sigh  time, why must you be such a heartless bitch?"
i am megaman  here's my mega-plan: you die!
thinks facebook is a great excuse to refer to herself in third person 
can't tell if it's already wednesday or only wednesday 
"looking back on my summer memories  so far, this may have been the best year of my life- and it's far from over!  smile "
"monday, you can fall apart  tuesday, wednesday, break my heart  thursday doesn't even start  it's friday, i'm in love "
"yes! i finally have internet! thank you, new computer!  laugh "
"are you tired of sleeping regularly? don't you just hate having a consistent work schedule? what is it with people these days, having lives outside of their jobs? here at railcrew  playful ress, we'll bend over backwards to make sure you are miserable!"
"hm    i can't decide what my status should be, so i'll just type random words  relax flubber mosquito pizza red spryly  this is actually kind of fun "
"buttons!? aw, man, i love buttons! beep bop boop beep "
"i did all of my laundry in less than one day, without being reminded or asked to  wow  if one week of college can change me this much, what'll happen in a school year!?"
"the meaning of life: to love many, trust few, and always paddle your own canoe "
"between my ninja boyfriend, a toilet paper curtain on the door, and a praying mantis chilling in the elevator, yeah, i'd say i had a pretty interesting night "
just got caught in the rain  awesome!
been working on my raspy smoker voice  you know  just in case 
"\i have some good news    and some potentially upsetting news \"""""
i just got either the best birthday gift idea ever or the stupidest 
i have one word for you: dude 
has absolutely no sense of direction 
"can already tell this is going to be one hell of a week  in a good way, though  probably "
has added one more item to the list of stuff she will someday own: a giant chess set!
0_o
is going to go to nebraskon  whoo!
how 'bout that? i broke the hundred friend <propfirst>  um    party?
"just watched some of <propfemale>    whoa, that was deep, man "
talk like a pirate day is over  now i shall return to being a ninja 
hm    i gotta do a really long calculus problem tonight  looks like a good time for a montage!
stamp on the ground!
"well, it seems the universe didn't want me to finish that rhetorical analysis  but guess what  i did! <propfemale> 1, universe 0 "
"rise and shine, guys! today's the day! the sun is shining, the tank is clean, and we are getting out of- *gasp* the tank is clean "
spoon!
three words: dinosaur silly bandz   joyful 
<propfemale> nut cheerios + chocolate milk = not as tasty as i remember   
"i just realized i lost my flash drive  i tore my room apart looking for it  i'm exhausted, and i have to re-type my english assignment before tomorrow  oddly enough, banging my head against the wall in fury isn't helping "
when's the last time i had chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast? less than an hour ago!  laugh 
raise your hand if you or someone you know has ever kicked a <propfemale> 
"i have nothing to say  you just wasted your time reading a completely pointless facebook status    you're still reading this, aren't you?"
it's time for another good idea bad idea  good idea: drinking coffee to keep yourself awake  bad idea: drinking hot chocolate to keep yourself awake 
"i'm daring, psychotic, and out of erasers  time to take a calculus test    in pen!"
i like it on the desk 
"i am now wearing silly bandz in the shapes of spiderman, wolverine, the hulk, and captain <propfemale>, in that order  yes, i feel empowered "
hm    something tells me i should try to do something productive today   
easiest test ever! isn't it fun when you can get out of class early?
"time for a random and obscure video game reference!\player: hey, guys? i could really use some help over here  i'm kinda dying right now \ai: <propfemale> <propfemale> baaaawk "
"ah, friends  gotta love 'em   smile "
just gotta say: animaniacs is still the funniest t v  show i've ever seen!
"six weeks of calculus homework in four days? bring it on, beeyotch!"
"wait, wait! go back! i didn't get to do nothing this weekend!"
"i'm so tired my eyes are watering, and i'm about to fall asleep right here at the keyboard  i only have to write four more pages  ugh   "
"as much as i like taco <propfemale>    how do you screw up quesadillas? i mean, come on!"
they call me tater salad 
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours!"
"somehow, i managed to forget my student id number, my cell phone number, and my home phone number in less than one minute  sleep deprivation? what's that?"
i just want to have a perfect body without putting forth any effort  is that really too much to ask?
just pwned another programming assignment  boo yah!
"did i enjoy anime nebraskon? yeah, it was pretty neat  am i going back next year? hellz yeah!  laugh "
"come on, put on your lederhosen  and try not to step on little pikachu!"
trying to avoid my homework  it's not working  i can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing   
"oh, drat  i was hoping for a snow day "
"so, basically, my english paper was written very well  otherwise, it sucks "
"*deep, throaty voice* let's go to <propmale> e  cheese  they have the beeest f*cking pizzaaaaaaaaa   "
just got a new speaker    and it has a hat!  smile 
"now, just to clarify: there is no <propfemale> in the bag "
"my cat stepped on my keyboard, and now my entire screen is up-side down  win or fail?"
good idea: going to ihop and eating  bad idea: going there and hopping   
"gah! it's the chapped lips of death! why, cruel fate, why?"
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudge 
love facebook    hate the surveys 
off to take the toughest math test ever  hopefully i'll get five sixths of a percent on it  is there really a pass fail here?
this facebook status brought to you by boredom!
i'm sorry  when can i schedule a time to lose my keys so it's more convenient for you?
who likes their own status? seriously  that's lame
i just five-starred freebird on hard mode in one try  with minimal use of my pinky  how about that for accomplishment!?
"if god had low self-esteem, would that make him an atheist?"
what's with these homies dissin' my girl?
"i've gotta change my profile picture, since i have a way better hat now "
"apparently my new friend is allergic to cats  my new friend also happens to be a cat  what's the word i'm looking for   ? oh, yeah  irony!"
"\i can conquer the world with one hand    as long as you are holding the other \"" -anonymous"""
it's always nice to have someone to hug when you need it  but a giant <propmale> bear will do in a pinch 
it's times like these i'm glad i have a poor sense of smell 
"i am an eighteen-year-old, mature, intelligent, independent woman    and i miss my <propmale> bear   sad "
"quoted from kota bond on the university of nebraska at omaha's page: \never underestimate the immaturity of sleep-deprived college students\"" """
"oh, controversy, my old friend  we reunite at long last  how are you? i see you're acquainted with facebook "
team <propmale> bitch!
"i still do not accept the existence of hunchback of notre dame 2  there was never a sequel to the book, therefore any sequel to the movie is illegitimate, making me justified in ignoring it an going on with my life without ever having to watch it "
"for the next nine hours or so, my phone will be off, the battery died this morning and i have misplaced my charger "
it's time to d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-duel!!!
omg a talking muffin! 0_o
i wish life had a rewind button    or maybe a fast-forward 
avada kedavra    what a wonderful curse 
"so, i dropped my bowl of ice cream  it landed on its bottom, flipped completely over, then tipped onto its side  not a drop was spilled  win?"
i just drank about 8 or 9 ounces of coffee    let's see how this goes 
i'd say this calls for a celebratory juice box   smile 
"whoever is reading this right now    try not to think about penguins!\\and now we wait   laugh "
i just lost the game 
so yeah  i've never actually sniffed glue  just throwin' it out there 
"an actual conversation from earlier today \\waitress: what would you like to drink?\me: do you have coke or pepsi?\waitress: coke \me: then i'd like a water   playful "
by grabthar's hammer    what a savings 
"sometimes, the only reward for doing the right thing is knowing that you did the right thing "
"quote of the day: \i swear i will light myself on fire and hug you!\"""""
"okay, that's it  i'm not going to be ashamed of who i am anymore  i'm done hiding    everyone, i have never seen any of the <propfemale> wars movies!"
i have now officially tripled my <propfirst> tee-shirt collection! how many do i have now? three!  laugh 
"i learned a valuable lesson today: to write a good story, you have to write a story you would want to read "
"when you don't know what to say, try listening instead "
