3bdc1fdbbc2832f9074831f74fb90d6c
happy birthday mommy
feels fat ugggghhh hates it  :[
<propfemale> sucks  a lot 
i cant wait to see you too uncle kev!!
kenzies sleeping  smile 
hahahahaha thats kinda funny  
im pretty tired 
i need decorations on farmville  like fences or hay squares  or i need e playful enzive things that i can sell n get more cash on farmville  thank you ill repay the favors   smile 
"facebook boredom e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
happy 21st birthday babe
i miss you babe 
i want bushes on farmville please send me some 
tireeeedddddd   arrrggghhh  missin my love 
i really hope my day doesnt get any worse 
"gosh i hate it when people ask to be your friend, when they know its a fact that you hate them i dont think they could get any more stupid  for real "
imma pass out 
             flustered 
shower then bed  goodnight yall
 smile  <propfemale> xmas everyone!
so sleepy   relaxing and enjoying a movie with my loves before i cook dinner  love  tomorrow is gonna be a big day   
fucking <propfemale> happy  smile )
law && order  dondon
<propfemale> is eating pancakes n eggs for lunch  smile 
goodnight everyone! zzzzzzzzzzzz wish me luck for a smooth day tomorrow
<propfemale> got 7 shots today!!  sad ( it was not fun  but im relieved i got all the paperwork that i needed to get! these next couple of days are gonna be pretty rough  
goodnight all 
monday is the secret life ive been waiting for!! geezzz i cant wait to be with my love xoxo
blah blah blah 
staying strong is harder then it sounds   
"epic moment: i cleaned the fish tank by myself for the first time  smile  so fresh n so clean clean  im proud of myself    my love is in the field now, stay safe baby!"
i hate how complicated it is to deal with stuff in the military sometimes   
next wednesday is going to be the best dog the bounty <propmale>  smile  hopefully    
"sprained my right wrist  sad  its swallon, hurting,and complicating life=not fun  i miss my love really bad every second of every day  an my daughter is growing faster than i know it right in front of my eyes every time i turn around shes doing saying something new that she hasnt before "
poptart poptart poptart   smile 
"i need 5 brick, 3 harnesses, 3 horseshoes, and 4 nails  please help me finish my horse barn  thank you"
im convinced joschua <propfirst> goff is my soulmate  smile ) <propfemale> happy cant get this smile off my face 
<propfemale> is getting <propfemale> big so fast  it never ceases to amaze me   
recieved my passports today  smile  i call to book my ticket tomorrow  laugh  waiting to talk to josch ((he doesnt know yet lol)) finally!!!
ugh need to get a hold of josch and cant    this is sucky 
i leave on thursday!! april fools day  smile  yet this is no april fools my friend  i will know the time and more about my flight tomorrow when my ticket comes via email  smile ) i love when things go smoothly!!!
its <propfemale> beautiful in germany  i love it  but my family being together is my favorite part  smile ) and i wouldnt change this for the world  miss you all back home  cant wait to visit or vice versa!
im sooo tired and soreee! josch decided to hog all of his side of the bed n kenzie kept having nightmares or something last night so she climbed into our bed and decided to take the whole top half of my side so i was curled in a ball on the bottom corner of the bed     next time im laying on top of them!! lol at least were all together   love 
ughh done with morning sickness  not as bad as when i had kenzie but it woulda been nice to just not get it this time  idk maybe give me a break or something   to much to ask?
"ive decided kenzie n i are going to start doing yoga together  smile  not in a class or anything, id feel awquard with all the other people, but just at home copying viedos  smile  its what all the cool kids are doing good stress reliever and workout "
my daughter can count all the way to 10 by herself! n shes not even 2 yet (well in 12 days she will be but still   )  im so impressed  shes growing up too fast!
attempting againg to post pictures butt waiting for 299 things to load off my cam  n its going really slooowww  maybe by tonight-ish ill have a couple new ones upp     smile ]]
"so for this past week its been 90degrees and humid, even at night! p s  theres no a c in the houses unless u buy it seperate  now today there was a really intense thunder storm, cooled off the whole house! i love it!!"
im hoping my love gets off work early today due to this weather   i miss him already  sad 
today is the second time someone has tryed to enter my house without knocking  and hasnt stuck around for me to see who it was  i live on the 3rd story the door was locked but i heard a noise outside my door and watched the handle move down as someone tryed to open it  went and opened it literally 3 sec later an they were gone  i dont understand  
yummy chicken n dumplings r delicious  smile ]]
movie n ice cream tonight with my loves  smile ) wouldnt have it anyother way 
eating a subway meatball sandwich  smile ] mmmm    hubby gets off work at 7 today and its the last day of nightshift! woot woot  hopefully ill do a little bit of maternity shopping today too  smile ) skinny jeans dont fit nemore  sad 
"gonna meet up with everyone at 6 smile 0am to go to skyline park, were all excited  smile ] happy early birthday kenzie "
going wic shopping now  n picking up lunch  then i have nothing to do  hopefully kenzie stays in this good mood all day  smile 
tomorrow is kenzies birthday!!! thinking of talking to josch about going to the lake this weekend  maybe a little picnic or something? well see   
boring weekend     hope the week gets better 
hi everyone im sorry i havnt been in touch its <propmale> crazy busy around here with a 2 month field coming up and no internet  but that should change on wed  i love you all and will talk to u all soon 
well now that weve told both of our parents i think its safe to put out that its a girl everyone!!! im almost 25 weeks along now  and things are going pretty good  smile ) miss you alll <propfemale> much
as of right now the name were kinda stuck on is brooklyn <propfemale> goff   smile  i was kicked in the ribs for the first time the other day  n leg cramps are horrable  but over all the pregnancy i think is going pretty smoothly   smile  p s  i know its halloween coming up so <propfemale> apple pops have got to be somewhere! if anyone  finds any please send me some! i would like to surprise josch with them he loves them 
gonna attempt to upload pictures  wish me luck    im gonna need it lol 
okay so i got as far as connecting the stupid thing  now i cant find where to pull it up on my comp so i can upload pictures  n its not doing it automatically like a normal camera  w e  i did last time really f****d it up  if it didnt have so many pictures on it id <propmale> it out the window 
off to sleep at 2am again  smile  (missing my hubby) but <propfemale> exhausted  tomorrow is a new day  good night everyone 
pancakes for breakfast lunch  smile  whoo'sss hungry?
"so im looking to surprise my hubby somehow  just to show him how much i appreciate him  i wasnt thinking anything huge, just a little something  but idk  anybody's suggestions would be very helpful    thanks "
so i got to sleep in  i woke up with all this energy n in a good mood  n now only a couple hrs later   im exhausted i havent even done anything yet today 
"i stretch and i stretch and i stretch and i cat get rid of these leg cramps  tylenol is useless when i do take it(even tho i rarely take it), and now the pain is starting to shoot up my back this is <propfemale> sucky i wish my hubby was home, or i could take some type of stronger medication  i waddle like a freking 9 month pregoo lady  n im only 7 months!! its ridiculous "
ahh time to put this little grump to sleep! n get some relaxing time in for myself   smile 
well i got some old pictures up on facebook  lol still have yet to put up the new ones  but im exhausted!!! <propfemale> goodnight everyone 
we might be getting 2 bunnys! cross your fingers!! weve been searching for a good house pet for so long and bunnys would be perfect   smile ]]
"brooklyn has been pushing my tummy out even further like all day  i think shes determined to just bust right out of my stomach  and mckenzies been sooo cute today just dancing, randomly coming n holding my hand(so our fingers r laced together), lots of kisses, and helping me clean everything  she even slept in with me til 1 today  i love it  smile "
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if you    are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops "
it is 3 smile 0 in the morning n i dont think i could possably be more tired  but of coase itll take another hour or two just to fall asleep   ehh <propfemale> if your reading this lemmi know if you talked to gma yet   good night everyone else  
my hubby still puts butterflys in my tummy   smile  i love him <propfemale> much! hes so good to me  and i couldnt ask for a better dad to my kids  love 333 2-1 2 more days til he comes home!!
i think brooklyn gets the hiccups just as much as kenzie did when she was in my tummy (alot)  
gotta get kenzie dressed n my shoes on then i think imma head over to the shopette in probably about 20 <propfemale>  maybe let her go down the slide a couple times (if its not wet) since the weathers clear right now   smile ] shes running around the whole house saying im running im running!! lol
i dont think ive been this bored in a looong time  ive had nothing to do but ive been content i feel like im going crazy right now like theres something i should be doing but nothing comes to mind  i think im just gettin antsy for my hunny to come home  gooshh i cant wait til tuesday and time is going by <propfemale> slow!!
i just got to rock and sing my daughter to sleep in my arms like i used to when she was a baby   love 333 shes growing way to fasttt 
"awesome day today with the <propfemale> and the kids   laugh  got sooo much done ((( i couldnt be more thankfull!!!))) kenzie got new toys that i cant pry her away from  smile ] and <propfemale> i got your package today thank you the jacket is so cute!!and thanks for the extra 5 pds of fat imma gain lol their delicious  today def  went by super fast, n tomorrow my love is gonna be home  love  it feels so good to be able to say that "
i want a doner and a black <propfemale> milk shake   mmmm  hopefully the love of my life will be home within the next hour or two    love 33 its already been foreverr!
 smile ]  love 3
about to make brunch  i hate how difficult it is to find a damn number on base in illesheim   but still in a very good mood  smile ]] i love my hubby being home 
"i need more sleep   still need to clean the house(company tonight)   kenzie isnt listening at all today   we went running around all day,and was up like all night   im tired!and i would like to cut off my legs cant wait for this four day so josch can be with me more,n we finally get a little break!edelweiss here we come  laugh  (gotta get up early tho :[ not cool )"
were home n the trip was amazing!!  smile  gotta get kenzie in her costume so we can go trick or treating soon (just a little bit) then back home to just relax   smile ] thank you <propfemale> for taking care of the bunnys  we appreciate it! and call me or something if u still plan on comin to chill tonight 
ugh so kenzie got sick in daycare over in edelweiss  sad  the last night n now im coming down with a head cold n i feel like poop   n brooklyn is practicing karate on the inside of my tummy   smile 
"kenzies down for a nap  smile  my turn to relax n watch a movie i like, n wait for my love to come home  finally got most my cleaning done this morning  time to be lazy  we hate being sick  sad "
homemade fajitas for dinner finally yummmy  smile ] thanks to my love  got a new doctor and pictures of brooklyns face (looks just like kenzies did in her ultrasounds) lol n shes got her daddys lips now i get to go watch a movie with my family  smile ]]
ughh what is there to do out here on a sunday?!?! im thinking a break is in need 
i miss my little brother  sad   i think this is the quietest my home has been in a long time with kenzie n josch both sleeping im kinda enjoying it lol  but at the same time i dont know what to do with myself  think ill head to bed soon too 
my daughter just kicked me out of her room so that she could spend time with her daddy  super cute but at the same time i was just rejected! i love them tho guess that means its time for me to start dinner 
"cant wait for tomorrow (saturday)! i get back foot massages without complaints! n josch gets to wake up with kenzie and put her to sleep! gotta love birthdays  smile ]] also happy just to be outta my \teens\"" lol"""
fair warning: we lose internet at some point tomorrow    sad  so well be disconnected for a little  lol but well have it back up in like a week n a half   something like that   thank you in advance for all the bday wishes  i love you all!! and <propfemale> if i dont get on before ur birthday happy birthday to you too!
mmmm made some homemade rice krispy treats (but with fruity pebbles ) and now all thats left to do is wait for them to cool n in our tummys they go  be jealous  wink ]
kenzie decided she didnt wanna listen to me (whats new?) and kept messing with the bunnys through the top of the cage and fell in head first again for the second time! hahaha it was funny cute  but i doubt shes learned her lesson  
"perfect combo right now would be a heating pad, back massager, and some icyhot or something close  my upper back is killing me   mm some apple cider would be good too  lol anyone have any easy thanksgiving food ideas? id like a variety of things on the table for our first thanksgiving in our own place    smile "
so timeouts work for like 2 seconds with kenzie now(useless)  n sometimes she makes me just want to scream! uggghhh! i have a headache and backache and tylenol just doesnt cut it  cant wait til my hubby gets home!! im not having a good time right now   
lets make today a better day  smile   no stress for me please  thank you 
watching stateside waiting for my love to come home with our new soft blankets! mmm cant wait to cuddle up n our nice clean house  movie night! got the e playful endables and toy story 3  smile  oh and pizza  smile )
watching white chicks waiting for my love to come home(hopefully early  ) so we can do some last <propfemale> grocery shopping for thanksgiving   smile  my hubby bought me a new laptop for my bday and i love it  it doesnt overheat! and the screen doesnt come half way off lmao thank you babe
ugh i dislike when everything just changes last secondd    n u have to make a decision right then  things could be worse tho 
turns out this laptop was the best bday gift josch could have got me  finally getting new pictures up tonight everyone  smile  it was the old laptop that wouldnt let me upload them not my camcorder  900 1148 pictures already uploaded  laugh  umm im guilty of taking too many pictures   
yay snow!!happy thanksgiving everyone  im very thankful to be with my loves in our own home(espically thankful brooklyn is healthy)  love  and im very thankful for our friends and family back home and all the friends we've made out here you guys all have been amazing and we appreciate you more then u all know   smile  [[p s  pictures will be up soon my internet is just really really sucky   ]]
ive decided after today im going no where near my scale (not that i wanna go near it being prego neways   lol)  im really full n we still havent eaten dessert   thanksgiving turned out wonderful n turkey turned out delish for joschs first time making it   smile  hope everyone elses thanksgiving turned out just as good 
"iimm sooo sleepy letting josch sleep in today tho,we had a good night just spending time together last night  love put up christmas tree early hehe kenzie busted her lip n gum last night so we get to go to the dentist today(her first time)to make sure shes okay  sad   then to aundreas bday,already got gift wrapped and have anthonys bday gift(late) but wrapped as well i feel accomplished  smile  yay me "
only like 4-5 weeks left before brooklyn gets here! im starting to get nervous anxious   we're debating on weither or not to have a baby shower this time around   hummm   p s  if anyone can get a hold of my mom let her know to check her email please i need to talk to her  
 had a prego scare today! brax n hicks i think they were   3 cm dialated   but we got to get an ultrasound n everything n everything is good  smile  just thought id update everyone back home n such 
gonna play wii with my love  smile  he talks alot of poop  gotta show him whos boss  wink ]
so glad i have josch home on leave to help me for a while  tomorrow we get our new car! no more getting stuck in snow ditches  wink ]
beer  smile   love 
i love when my little girl wakes up n just comes n cuddles with me up on the couch  love   shes singing me her abc's  smile 
"finally got up edel weiss pictures  smile  and working on random pictures under \my loves\"" album   check it out if ur interested in a lil """
"everyone is passed out  lol not even brooklyns moving around  time to enjoy the peace, now that ive got most my cleaning done   smile  enjoyed our trip yesterday to graf (dont know how to spell it  ) yumm taco <propfemale> finally!!! cant wait to go back christmas shopping next paycheck   smile ]"
boo to crappy internet   
does anyone have a gps we can borrow for a day tomorrow?
put up like 5 pictures in brooklyns album if you havent seen them already   internets super slow so ill have more up eventually  smile  
ugghh toothpain has me restless   
this weekend is gonna be awesome! be jealous   wink ]
finally got shit accomplished today thank u <propfemale> u n ur husband r awesome n i really appreciate yalls help!the countdown begins   17 more days til my love comes home  smile ! tomorrow more arrands   yay  annoyed    crossing my fingers the kids behave lol 
"now that both kids are asleep i dont know weither to catch up on sleep or stay awake just to enjoy the peace  im thinking maybe catch up on the sleep  well see how well that goes, first nights always the hardest when my love is gone   goodnight everybody   "
i hate trying to get on a schedule not being tired then looking at the clock n realizing its already 1 smile 0am   i also hate cleaning poop up off the bathroom floor and babybath and her toilet  thanks kenzie lol kids   gotta laugh or ull go nuts !
mmmm bubba burgers n zesty fries  imma end up gaining weight instead of losing it before my hubby gets home   
yay i could scream but id wake up brooklyn!!! ahhhhh  im so excited! 2 weeks til my love comes home and 3 weeks and one day til <propfemale> comes!!and i finally get to see my goddaughter!! awe lil baby <propfemale>!! i cant stop smiling  laugh 
"damn <propfemale> is a bitch  laugh  but i love it! today just got freaking amazing, my life is freaking amazing  laugh "
i ask kenzie what she wants to eat n she says uhh food  duhhhh kenzie! as sad as it is she gets that sarcastic obvious remarks from me   annoyed    now i get to deal with it lol
time to put thesse kids to bed  things get ugly past their bedtime  lol goodnight everyone
watching 'the lost <propfirst>' and im already freaking crying like a little bitch cuz they had to say goodbye   sad  i hate goodbyes   jeezz cant wait til my hubby gets home 
"<propfemale> is laugh really hard for no reason in her halloween costume saying \im so funny\""  i love her laugh i love my kids they drive me nuts! but they always know how to make me laugh less then a week n my hubby will be home  love  i cant wait """
fussy babies go to bed!haha i remember when we used to tell my sister that now i tell my own kids well one down one to go 
"mmmm happy 3 years baby!! you truely are an amazing husband n father, and im <propfemale> happy im married to you!! xox cant wait til you come home  only 5 1 2 more days   smile ]"
started pilates the other day  smile  time to get this fatass skinny again  man i would have never of imagained 4 years ago that this is where my life would be now  ? love  but i truely wouldnt have it any other way ??
