30a85bb674c7b4a8ca37581cf510f1ae
it's a beautiful morning here in sb   must get out and do something  tommorrow hubby and me are going to the zoo!
forgot how wearing wii’ing was    worn out!
"did housecleaning yesterday   today, relax this morning then off to the pool!"
what a beautiful morning   the <propfemale> layer is thinning out and the sun is shining over sb 
trying to stay awake  don't know why    guess i'll go to bed 
the <propfemale> layer is finally burning away  time to head for the pool!
will be grillin' chicken kabobs for dinner and making blueberry crisp for dessert! holidays are a great excuse to eat!    happy 4th to y'all!
"has been enjoying this beautiful, sun-filled day, but housework is calling me   "
7 1 2 days until a well needed vacation   
blah    
   there's no place like home   there's no place like home   there's no place   
"will be vacationing in 1 day, 15 hrs! going back east for a mini-family reunion with hubby's family! ocean city, nj!  we do this every year and i'm sooo looking forward to it!"
is lovin' being on vacation!
heading back to the in-laws after a week at the jersey shore! get to catch a flight home @ 6am tomorrow   yeah   
i need a shield to <propmale> off negative people and their verbal thrashings!
tgitw (weekend)!!! homework and housecleaning    <propfemale> ha!
"trying to get a hand on this homework, but they eyes don't want to stay open  do i force them or just take a nap?!?"
"overcast day, suppose to rain over the next couple of days  good day for watching football and baseball and nap the afternoon away!"
"this weather is just too erratic! rain for the past few days, then <propfemale> and 75 degrees today!"
"having a relaxing morning, looking out the back slider across beautiful <propfemale> <propfemale>, up to the hils between us and <propfemale> ynez   the rain earlier this week cleaned it all  such a gorgeous morning!"
at home today   feel like i've been beaten in my sleep 
what a busy day  so glad to be home and relaxing!
"watching the phillies dodgers game  it's the top of the 4th, and it looks like it'll be a high scoring game "
"can anyone remind me how to tag people, like my son, to show as family?"
"here's to another day in paradise   clear day, blue skys and not too hot "
it's been <propfemale> here over the past few days and it really $uck$!  just love the migraine that comes with it!
thif! i couldn't wait for this week to end  bring on the weekend! who's dressing up and what'll you be?
"what are you thankful for? a friend of mine has suggested that everyone post one thing they are thankful for, each day between now and thanksgiving   no repeats    will you run out of things? post it today! i am thankful for my husband, <propfirst>  i simply do not know where i would be in life without him "
"is thankful for having a job at a place with wonderful, caring people in a beautifully kept grounds "
"is thankful for her wonderful daughter, <propfemale>  although life may have started out rough between us and we still have our days, i can only hope that our relationship will only become better and better as the days go by "
"is thankful for her son, who has more potential than he realizes "
i'm thankful for my parents  i am who i am today mostly because of their guidance as an adult 
"i'm so thankful for friends  those around me, at work, those online, and those i hold in my heart "
is thankful for the special people that are helping make today a great for my hubby! it's his 45th birthday today!!!
"is thankful for the reliable weather in <propfemale> barbara   sunshine, partly cloudy, upper 60's to low 70's  love it!"
is thankful for grocery stores that stay open late   there is so much i still have to get for thursday!
is thankful for the gorgeous sunrise i was able to be up for this morning   just beautiful 
finally is thanful that this day has been set aside for all of us to take the time to really think about what and who we are thankful for  happy thanksgiving to all!!!
hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving!
great way to end the long weekend    grandson's 3rd birthday this morning and have turkey stew going in the crock pot for tonight!
"having a bachelor dinner with a feminine touch   canned beef and dumpling soup with a handful of frozen veggies thrown in! it got rid of the chills, so i'm nice and toasty now!"
shopped the stores the old fashioned way yesterday  just can't do much of that any more   got just as much shopping done this morning online in less than 2 hrs!
does not like the cold or the damp  especially when it's cold and damp 
"ok   it was 2 degrees warmer when i got home, than it was when i left this morning   and it's raining! i think i need shopping therapy  "
i think i'm pretty much done with my christmas shopping   now on to the wrapping   this could take a few days!
got my tree!!! it smells so good   
"baking 'jam jewels' and chocolate chip pecan cookies, then wrapping, then trimming the tree today  or at will attempt to accomplish it all today!"
"for the first time, hubby helped me wrap  everyone elses presents! i'm so happy!! of course, this is the first time i've asked    amazing how that works "
hopes all had a wonderful day with friends and family 
"got to catch up with the sisters, mom and dad yesterday in <propfemale> <propfirst>  all is good "
going to the movies later today to see sherlock holmes!!
wishing everyone a wonderful new year!!!
"happy new year, all! wishing everyone good health, happiness and great friendships in 2011!"
drinking a wonderful brew-gift from my sister  the orchard white from the bruery is soooo tasty!!
spent the day with hubby  took a mini-road trip and spent time at eatm   it's a good day 
aahhhh   paid day off and no laundry to do! guess i'll clean the house instead and listen to the rain 
"\doppelgänger week\"" on facebook  change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble  and repost this    never been compared to <propfemale> kahn and i'm a redhead   """
"happy sunday to all! sun's shining here in sb, although cool, with a bit of laziness ahead   on another note, i think i'll stay <propfemale> <propfemale> for a little longer    like the idea of being young and sexy again!"
nothing quite like looking forward to an upper endosope before coffee tomorrow morning  hope you all have a better morning than i anticipate!
must nap now   can't keep eyes open any longer   
"looking forward to the weekend, even if i'll be working for a bit in the middle of it all  next week i only work 3 days, then a full 3 day weekend to follow! sweet    "
nothing more lovely that a weekday off   no stress   no plans   11am and still in my 'jamas   
what a lovely saturday morning after a bit of rain   it cleaned everything off and it's all green   
"layin' on the couch, nursing the cold i received from my husband  not feelin' like my usual happy go lucky self"
"layin' low this weekend, trying to get rid of this darn cold "
oh monday   what shall i do with you?
"nothing quite like getting off work, just to play around on the computer    waiting for hubby to bring home dinner "
"met with a trainer this morning, did some shopping with the hubby, took a nap, moving on to indian food for dinner  what a lovely rainy saturday "
"is cleaning house for the arrival of her husband's mother and her boyfriend   <propfirst> did most of the <propmale> stuff, so it's my turn to 'find a place to put that' clean up "
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes!
the weather has been so nice lately   i don't want it to end!! but now the winds are howling and i read that it's gonna rain over the next couple of days   maybe it'll get warmer on the weekend   (ohiwishiwishiwish)
"whew   so glad 'drop dead day' is over, at least for another three months!"
"wonderful sunday afternoon   lazy, cozy, sleepy, cuddly kind of day "
"back from my nephew's wedding  great time was had by all!! we're back at the hotel, in the office center, looking up the news for the day   really ready for bed! tomorrow, long drive home "
"here's hoping that tomorrow begins a week with only normal, daily, routine stuff   i'm exhausted and drained from the last 7 days' events!"
"oh happy sunday   sun shining, cozy morning, warm afternoon by the pool, grillin' steaks tonight  just love it!"
"hanging out with mom and dad, just outside of phoenix  great time of year to visit  it was 107 yesterday and again today so far   i love the dry heat!! just need to keep moving or your sandles will melt onto the asphalt!"
"after a saturday @ 107 and sunday @ 110, it's cloudy and only hit 97 today   i really do prefer the heat! it's supposed to only be around 85 tomorrow here in az, and i'm going home to a high of 67 degrees!!!"
"trying 2 get home  boarded one flight, but only one engine would work   they say its fixed and we'll get 2 re-board soon   on the same plane!  really hope it doesn't give out after we're all boarded again!     wish me us luck!"
made it home a couple of hours later than scheduled  really tired  took a 4 hr nap!
this is our last night in a hotel for at least a couple of months   yeah!
"wondering where my parents are  i know, they're all grown up and stuff, but i think they're on a trip and father's day is coming up   don't know where to send the card!\anybody know?"
is sick and tired of being sick and tired   
off to the solstice parade in just a bit!
how nice it is to wake up on a saturday morning knowing you have three whole days off! yipee!
happy 4th to everyone! enjoy it   ugly day and all!
last day of the long weekend   spent it well and topping it off with some relaxation and homemade philly cheesesteaks made by my philly hubby! yum!
"hanging out in philly right now, at the in-law's place  cars packed, ready to head out to ocean city, nj for the week   it's raining, but this should be the only day of rain all week (crossing fingers!)"
"it's a beachy day in ocean city, nj! i just love this vacation!!"
"yesterday was overcast and yucky, so we went to a ceramic's store and painted pottery \today we sat in the early sunshine then came in when it began to rain   tonight is <propmale> & manco's for pizza, then boardwalk shopping!"
"it's our last beach day   having problems uploading pictures, but will asapossible "
"ok   posted much earlier in the day that we were home, but it didn't post   odd \well, we're home!"
sooo happy to see friday's work is more than half over   a couple more hours and a well earned weekend begins  <propfemale> la fiesta!
happy fiesta weekend everyone!!
"take a moment to appreciate your health    you may not have the money you want or love of your life, but poor health gives you nothing and takes you nowhere "
"heading to riverside to meet up with an old friend  she's not old, we're old  been friends since high school days \yeah 99 degrees, here we come!!"
"had a great time this weekend  so tired by the time we got home  fell asleep at 6 smile 0ish and hubby had to wake me to go to bed!  well worth it, though!"
"no, we're not too old to be crawlin' state street!!"
"spent the day cleaning the bedroom, (k)nooks and crannies, too, quit at 4  relaxing on the deck, getting a little sun, waiting for the hubby to come home  he's gonna make me a cheesey dinner and we'll have little champagne, too!\he's so good to me!"
it's pajamma sunday!
"well, maybe not pajamma day afterall  got stuff to do , then off to ventura to see champange sunday at the villa!"
"beautiful, warm, <propfemale> day in <propfemale> <propfemale>  finally   summer has arrived!"
"i knew it had to end sometime, but was not yet prepared for it, not ready for it to leave just yet   oh sunshine & warmth, where did you go?!?"
likes it on the kitchen table 
another gloomy day in paradise  oh sun   will i see you today?
aahhhh    the magical powers of fb! the sun came out to play!
what a beautiful day  it's november and it's supposed to hit 90 today!
"back at mom & dad's for a couple of days, then on home  hope my hubby doesn't miss me too much!"
"this is private <propmale> w  lytle, taken 1958 in fort <propmale>, kansas    better known as my dad "
happy to be home again!
i'm going to disneyland!!!
"hanging at <propmale>'s, watching the guys play pool "
"still have a few things to pick up, everything to wrap and have a tree to trim!! i feel so behind this year!"
<propfirst> & i are on our way to burbank airport    our first stop on our way to philly to see his folks!    <propfemale> <propfirst>tmas everyone!!
another friday night @ monty's   watchin' the guys playing pool 
