413f597ee33c46d819fd536b7d764b3c
just woke up from a three-hour-long nap thinking it was morning   
bored
feels disgusting and useless
really pissed off 
can't believe what the musical is but is really really excited!!!!
fml x 10
is confused 
this is ridiculous 
dog ate my phone  troubled   fml
dog ate my phone   troubled  worst weekend ever 
wow  wowawowowow 
life can be really funny when you stop caring so much for a second and see how stupid people are and realize how ridiculous the things you were worrying about are 
"i'm done  i always say i'm going to change or things are going to change, and then i don't and they don't  but something's gotta give  we'll see what it is soon enough"
 smile 
is feeling better than he has in a long time
hates living in arlington!
found my old phone to use  text it
"well  that was a terrible idea  oh well, it happens "
chicago? curtains? fame? <propfemale>? what's it gonna be?
is saying goodbye to his long hair 
is both excited about and dreading this year 
looking for houses  annoyed 
is finally moving to fort worth!
"probably should have stopped at the railroad crossing, seeing as the red lights were flashing and the bar thing was going down  oh well   there was a green light and i didn't get runover by a train so it's all good!"
not bad for the first day of school  except i have homework    
"second day, and i had homework in all but one class  i'm still working"
is finally caught up in english! spent my whole weekend with a farewell to arms  i'm going to bed  ap ab calc and french will just have to wait til tomorrow
weekend + sushi =  smile 
"is preparing himself for \extreme drama\"" tomorrow"""
"really tired but had a really fun, productive day   i finally feel like i'm getting somewhere"
sooo tired! good week though 
is extremely excited about this week 
"needs sleep but is not going to get it  weekend, where are you?"
is in shock 
packing
feels like all the work is starting to pay off 
loves the white christmas script 
has internet once again!
really needs to learn how to not procrastinate 
had an awesome day  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
finally finished memorizing act ii
can't believe the sun sets before 5 surprise 0 in nyc 
just loves being at school for 14 consecutive hours  @_@
wow 
wow  great show everyone!
best show yet!!
it's over! great show everyone! thanks so much to the amazing cast and crew and everyone who came to see our hard work 
ap english will be the death of me 
is anyone else's chat sending them advertisements from random people? or is my computer just screwed up
"almost done with college apps, happy for the new year, and more than ready to be a second semester senior!!"
hates essays!
is excited about tomorrow  laugh 
had a great day 
hopes lost will get better soon
"national thespian society meeting tomorrow morning at 8:45 in mrs  carlson's room  come, there will be donuts!"
tired of being mad  and just plain tired
<propfirst> darko?
is chasing fireflies and stargazing in the mountains 
really can't believe he's about to start his senior year
college essays   annoyed 
just loves writing college essays on his birthday instead of sleeping     annoyed 
is happy to be 18  thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
best dance ever!
has anyone done the ap bio homework?
"just submitted his yale app, but somehow doesn't feel relieved "
loves being 18  laugh 
will not be sleeping tonight   
are both ap bio labs due tomorrow?
deferred from yale 
i hate family road trips 
"seven college apps in twelve days? possible  add in christmas, 18 hours of driving, and wisdom teeth removal? doubtful   "
is enjoying his white christmas!
is enjoying his second white christmas in a row and having a phone again!
hates college apps!!!!
