f7c6ce073f812f3e9b4d5e0ff27255a6
"our behaviors reveal our true priorities, which therefore reveal our true values   man, i need to go to church more often"
shaq almost beat roethlisberger haha
has a microbiology class with 25 chicks and 3 dudes   i like that ratio
i hope the padres are watchin this chula vista team   they could learn a few things
kanye west is retarded haha
"im a gansgta baby, not a baby gangsta"
"no one runs track just for fun   and if you do, you need to get checked out"
game time tomorrow at 9   yea yeahya
lost his track spikes and doesnt have the money to buy new ones ugh
<propfirst> gates   two td's tomorrow -just thought i'd let you know
is it time for the chargers to rebuild?    i think so
cheeseburgers arent good for breakfast   ugh
just switched shifts   so now i can play all 9 innings tomorrow yeahhh
"12:20   time for a 7-11 run, ya digg?"
a b c d e   f work tomorrow
was told he sounds ghetto lol    chyeah
might as well stay up all night  cuz i just sleep during class anyway
freakin target from 1:15 til' 10  what a way to spend a friday lol
baseball   yeah yeah
"use to consider it blessed, but now my feeling is stressed  ive got too much on my mind to try to get it off my chest "
tech n9ne saturday suuwoop hahh
tecca <propfemale>! peace out
i swear i just got sick over the phone   i didnt know it was possible either
"woke up sick, the transition in my car blew out, then rear-ended someone in my moms car    pretty good day lol"
its boring watching the yankees win the world series
you take the girl   i'll take the pillow haha ah snap
"brownies, cookies, cupcakes and ice cream are proof that god doesn't want me to have a si playful ack"
"a 19-7 win    best watch out for them ec angels, brah"
do the chargers wanna win? step it up d!
online homework for on-campus classes   pretty homo
is stoked for track season  cant wait til february!
yo yo football game thanksgiving morning 8am at grossmont high   anyone down to play?
hey you!!! theres a football game 8am tomorrow at grossmont high  i already got a grip of people   are you down?
football was pretty bomb   now its off to g-mas to chow  peace
"a guest at target asked   \do you have those things that you plug into the wall to pick up dust?\"" umm a vacuum? haha"""
oh snap! guess what i saw? haha biz markie
hurdles in the rain   doesnt get much better
why did i schedule my dentist appointment right before my last final   oh well
it sucks only being able to talk on the phone 15 mins at a time   like really tho
"life will always choose the beat, but you're the one who writes the verse"
bittersweet moment   more bitter than sweet tho  annoyed 
oh well   and life moves on
jay-z or lil wayne?   who's uglier?
halftime = 7-11 run
teach me how to clear my mind
first track meet of the year yeayeahhh bout to tear it up
school + track + work = a good sleep
my mom has a friend stayin over for four days  so hopefully she puts up a front and stops yelling   it would be a nice break
i dont think pizza and brownies are the right way to carb-load before a meet   oh well
"so i woke up this morning 2 minutes before the track team had to leave for fullerton  oh well, i could use a week off lol  im going back to sleep"
woke up at 7 to get ready for work at 8    only to find out once i got there that i was scheduled to start at 12  yeah buddy    not
why does the hardest track practice of the week have to be the same day i work? im freakin exhausted
aztec invitational tomorrow at sdsu!!! cant wait for the ride  wink 
actually running today at sdsu  im feeling it today   im feeling it!
surfing was fun and track practice was legit    it was a good day
"today was definitely a day to remember   for many good reasons, and one bad one haha"
cant wait until tomorrow   track meet and chillin
4x4 was bhost and i got my pr in the 110 hurdles  it was a good day   and it isnt even over yet  yea yayyeahhh
really nice night  smile 
what do i do during chemisrty?    go on facebook
this last hour of work is not going by fast enough
may have pulled my hamstring today  sad     i only have a week and a half to get it better
hey its raining   how appropriate
either i dont advance to next week or i tear my hamstring   i dont see a bright side for tomorrow  annoyed 
   only if i could go back in time
my online history teacher gave me 100 free points for completing 90% of the course work  now i dont need to to my 2 essays nor the final yeeeeaaaaahhhhh
"i hate working out my abs  im just gonna try to stop eating ice cream   \try\"""""
"just put a numbing patch on my sunburn, now i can finally put a shirt on  hopefully it'll help out at work too "
four days off from everything   gonna be kickin it at the beach
just chiilin by the fire
jesus christ is lord   not a curse word
"so my ps3 gets the yellow light of death, or whatever, the day after my warranty e playful ired   nice timing sony"
chip tha ripper and j  <propmale> need to make some songs together
dreams dont happen in just one night
"cmon naanee, i just liked you on facebook!   and thats how you treat me?"
"typical opener for the chargers   oh well, broncos and raiders lost   so its all good"
cant watch espn for a week now ugh
my professors may say that wikipedia isn't credible   but it sure has everything my paper needs
tech n9ne is gonna be on the <propmale> 4   betta recognize lol
"stoked! just got an a on a powerpoint that i \did not\"" totally bs"""
you know you need to get off of madden when your completion percentage is higher than your test scores
"woah, the chargers have the #1 offense and defense through the first 4 weeks"
tryin to study and stay awake at the same time uuugh
"this is a test  this is only a test  in the event of a real emergency, you’d be instructed to put down your mics, tear up your contracts, and turn in your grills and gold chains  we will be performing these tests on every album  so you probably should do it anyway  this is a takeover "
"hey dude, guess what   thats right! theres gonna be a football game tomorrow morning, 9am at <propmale> griffin park  you should come out and show off your skills  let me know if you're down "
why hasnt the special teams coach been fired yet?    like really
"the route to right life, without strife, is the light  but its so dark where we're at that we wont ever see it bright "
"ugh, how am i suppose to take a 30 <propfemale> break while my boss is back here with me? mannn"
feeling good about this game!
be different but not ridiculous
happy birthday jesus!!!   i hope you like the best buy gift card
ahh yeah! what a way to start the day by playing football
"do yourselves a favor and download songs from curren$y  it doesnt matter which ones, just start doing it "
"finally chillin with my homie jesus  we talk all the time, but i just havent been to his pad in a while"
so in a week i'll find out if i need surgery on my ankle or not  oh joy
addicted to sweets
go bolts!!!
"mom: \what are you up to?\""\",f7c6ce073f812f3e9b4d5e0ff27255a6,sleep > school
"music, music, music"
