8731539fd6c43679631a2a768e415f0d
happy new year everyone!
"so, i'm in plaza mexico and there is a dj playing music, let me be the first two announce that they have already made \we n speak no americano\"" into a cumbia! fingers crossed for the banda version lol!"""
last night in my bed  = ( i do miss the dorm but i feeling pretty sad that i'm leaving home   
is in it stange how you can have 30 mutual friends with someone yet you have never seen them before in your life  nothing against them you just never met 
there was a smudge on my computer screen  i took it off but now there is a finger stain of it 
turned on her computer to start her homework 2 hours ago and still hasn't started 
holy crap! its thursday  nbc! no i missed <propfirst> black on community!
"yes  i got a free trail starz  best kinds of starz, because they're no hbo!"
what's tragic about hamlet is that i though i ws done with him!
i was thinking so deeply that i just noticed i was listening to music!
i spend the long time cleaning this white spot on my screen  turns out its just my desktop image 
just finished writing a thesis for the hamlet essay  and feels accomplished  she not proud of the thesis but at least she got it done 
wooo! finished my hamlet essay! well most of it!
this thunders is pumping me up to finish my work!!!
"teachers, assigning loads of work and impossible due dates is how generations of caffeine addicts are born!"
is about to start this useless assigment for ms  <propfirst>
you know your either young naive when you don't know that many of your favorite songs are covers of much olders and somtimes better artists 
i just completed the fafsa! yes!
"cheech and chongo singing \mexican americans\"" on the lopez tonight show--- ahhhhh! favorite song! love it love it love it! watch!"""
i had to address an envelope  it was challenging i had to google it     that says so much about our generation!
is pissed!!! i'm so tired of these incompetent teachers who walk around with their heads so far up their ass they can't see what idiot they look like teaching    the ones that stupidly nod when they don't understand and giggle when they are made fun off     dumbasss!
is calm and mellow! thank goodness for writing or i would have to e playful ress my emotions physically! i'm smiling again!
"i think its funny that during the republican union adress they tried to squeez in minorities into the camera and the hide off the \classic' politicians   politics at its best!"""
to much to do   probably wont get to watch thurday nights on nbc  ) =  tinaaaa!!!! no one tell me what happens    i'll dedicate my saturday making up for lost episodes   
"as a request: change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athelete, etc ) you have been told you look like for the week    lets keep the fun going   post this to your profile and message your friends with it its for this thing"
<propfemale> silverman and demetri <propfirst> are back this thursday! yes!!!
"so i recently saw \avatar\""---(i know i'm a little late) would just like to applaud the marketing campaign for selling us a movie we already saw   erhmm   pocahontas    given the animation was much better and the ending was happier"""
finally finished with this stupid presentation!
so   i didn't want to say it in class   but after i did my presentation and ppl started clapping i instinctively clapped for myself  i am not a narcissist just a moron!
"forget it   i have more to study but i'm going to bed   as i always say,\i'll do it on the bus ride there \"""""
so i'm screwed for tomorrows finals! how am i suppose to learn all of this in one day! ) =
my doppelganger week is over but i had so much fun with my picture    i think i'll keep her up just a little longer    
is trying to do 80 things at the same time but can't get a single thing done   
oh crap i forgot it was thursday! damn that monday off got me out of sync! no i missed thursdays on nbc! (well part of it)
does anyone know out of how many people our senior ranking was?
"fml     the most amazing comdian my hero, was standing a block away from where i live and i missed him    wahhh!!!! if you saw important things with demetri martin--ability episode he was standing right on national and mentone on one of his sketches   aww i was just a block away   he was so close   omg    maybe its for the best he may have thought i was creepy!"
placed a bid on ebay but found a cheaper one as i scrolled   fml   ebay doesn't let you withdraw  bids   
"bit people--- corprate day is tomorrow so wear your ties and dressy shirts   look good! no short,sock and flips!"
"i need some advice  help me! i need to buy a camera for photo class  i won one on ebay for $50 but with shipping it will be $80 and i won another one on shopgoodwill for $10  it seems like a no brainer but the one on ebay is perfectly funtional, everything works but the $10 is not tested and whether is works is unknown  what should i do? *should i pay for both? *should i just buy one? which one?"
is currently wresting with a slinky    part of the duties of a big sister is untangling f-ed up slinkys   
i just paid for my camera   by wallet hurts    : (
<propfemale>'s having her baby this thursday!!! and zach galafanakis is on snl!!  i'm such loser! only few people get excited about things like this!
a crap i need words for my p d!!
help me out you guys! where should the bit logo be placed on a sweatshirt? in the front left corner or the back? large or small?
happy pi day everbody! i wish for you all to celebrate responsibly!
the financial literacy class is this saturday for all of those pursuing the <propfemale> seal from bit this is a requierment  it is from 9am to 1pm  to register ask a bit teacher or go directly to ms  <propfirst> in rm  t215  if you have question you can ask me or ask a bit teacher 
allowing people to anonymously ask you any random questions can not end well  its like giving people permission to bitch-slap you with-out strings attached errhmmm    *formspring* although i do laugh at some of the stupid questions ppl ask 
"its normal to talk to yourself but i've noticed that i include angry hand gestures and face when i do it    i have reached \a whole notha levol\"" of crazy"""
i have to start my homework but i keep making up things i should do instead   saddest part is i have been doing this for about a week so far    see i am doing it now    i could be doing it now but   
the health care <propmale> just passed! this is something fractors is defenitly going to talk about    so be ready people    
i got into ucsb but i don't know how to ride a bike    that's going to be an issue
just wondering   is anyone considering ucsb as a possibility?
if 40 is the new 20 then by my calulations i must be a fetus   
i don't want to back to high school my heads already in college!! : (
wtf!!
perfect weather to describe how we feel about going back to school!
laptop key popped off! i wanna cry!
how lucky can a <propfemale> be if you found it abandoned on the floor and stepped on   it's not a lucky <propfemale> at all   
my head hurts from talking so much    my feet hurt from walking     and now i'm locked out of my house    great
= (
thank you to everyone who participated and donated to the denim day organization  day one of our rally was a success but please remember that we will still be spray painting and selling buttons tuesday and wednesday 
"denim day is officially tomorrow! remember to wear your jeans and white shirt to show your support also   come to the covered area during lunch and let me spray paint your: shirt, jeans, backpack, bandana, or anything else    there is room for creativity ; ) buttons and pencils are still available ---all proceeds go to the dollars for denim fondation join us lets make a social statement with our fashion statement!"
rape and sexual assault is not funny yet people still maintain ignorant views on the subject  stand up and educated the ignorant join me tomorrow in rm  504 where we will have a peaceful protest  if you are interested comment ur approval please! stand for a cause!
last time reminder! tomorrow is denim day wear ur white t-shirts and jeans    also make sure to get them spray painted near the covered area!
"lucy--\ you always walk really fast like you have something important to do    but i know you just have to go pee \"""""
i saw a dog pissing on a <propmale> poizner campaign ad  right  on little dog!
"please spread the word and please join us at 3 smile 0 in front of feinstein's office  today is the day  we cannot let arizona be the standard and we are calling on feinstein to take action   if you are in the los <propfemale> area join us at  11111 <propfemale> <propfemale> boulevard los <propfemale>, ca 90025-3343 to make sure the rest of the country knows that we will not stand for this "
wahoo! i passed the impossible test!
did i miss christmas    because there is a lot of gift giving going on
is sick    
is waiting for the nyquil to kick in
sad    i couldn't make it to this years mayday in la
"sweatshirts and t-shirts go on sale tomorrow!\meet me in front of the t-building during lunch and place your order    sweatshirts-$35 and t-shirts-$18\let everyone know your a \ billionaire in training\"""""
the <propmale> poizner meg whitman ads are doing the opposite of what they are intended to! i actually want a liberal governor! stop pining the tail on the liberal!
i notice that most people are online of fb around 8-9   concidentally i believe it is most of us have homework to do   i know that the case for me!
i have to get this stupid annotated done!
"<propfemale> clause has december but <propfemale> cooper has june \ school's (almost) out forever!!\"""""
having trouble with my annotated can anyone in felcher's help me? plz?
yes! finally i finish a felcher assigment before bed time  not my best but i finished! yes!
senior week! wtf is this?
"dear awsome people,\as much as i would agree, your ego is not big enough for this browser "
ah! googel pac man!!
ugh! i got a sunburn on my nose i look like <propmale> <propmale>    : (
im cleaning my room   so what the hell am i suppose to do with all these college brouchers?
totally bs-ed my grad speech     i really don't want to do it 
ughh! the finacial aid office has kept me on hold for the past 15 mins 
you know your ghetto if you save your yogurtland spoon to use as a salsa spoon    like i just did!
i'm cleaning my bathroom and i spent 5mins scrubbing soap scum only to discover it was a reflection of the light 
smh this    smh that    idk but it sounds like the people on fb have a lice epidemic on their hands   
two more pages    ughh    
dammit! i took a break now i lost momentum!
so who else wants to do me a favor and review my essay?
you know it's summer when ppl are bouncing off red balls--- wipeout!
what why are they getting rid of the freecreditreport com band     and why is this upsetting me so much!
"hey bit people, if bit were to host an end of the year party would you come? be honest "
i finally stopped crying   damn onions!
"dear god, lets this battery last me the night!"
why is facebook suggesting people i have no friends in common with?
earthquake!?
when i have work to be done i always goof around on the internet but now that i am free idk what to do with myself!
hmmm    for uc you are required to take a laguage or pass the a p exam in all languages except chinese   i wonder why that is  
i am looking at the classes i might have to take next year    omg    can i leave right now! i can't wait!
"if its called \america's got talent\"" why are two british people judging it?"""
<propmale> fransico is coming to la but fml i'm still not 18    ugghh!
i just woke up from gradnite! i'm still pretty pissed off! i don't understand why i am still suprised by any of the crap hamilton does!
toy story 1+2 on abc family yes!!
earthquake!
someone is playing the harmonica outside my home   hmmm   okay? i didn't realize <propfirst> popper was my neighbor!
"<propfemale> why are you wearing your mexico shirt? you know their going lose! \\2-0 --- that's why fuckers!"
just ate at campos    yuck     <propfemale> montag is more authentic then this place 
goodbye routine this is the last time!
graduations here    so i thinks its appropriate to befriend my teachers through facebook   
"senior picnic was a disaster, gradnite was crap, the cap and gowns are cheap, and the panaroma picture looks like something i've sneezed out    the acutal graduation better be great but the bar is pretty low as it is "
so what am i suppose to do with my cap and gown now? hmmm     holloween costume    ooooo the ghost of lausd    oooo    
yay! futurama is back!
yes! the waterboy is on! at least here i know the underdog wins!!!
my little brother sat on my bed and ate a bag of takis   when he left there were some mysterious red colored finger-shaped stains   and finally i realized    i've been using my bed sheets all wrong   they're napkins!!! damn!
for those who had to take the placement test for the uc have you gotten your results?
i found a box with my old halloween costumes from elementary school   me and my brother are playing dress up    awsome!
happy fourth of july everyone!
the cheap mood ring made my skin green    what does that say about my mood? hhmm    
had our parents not worn so much hairspray in the 80s it wouldn't be rainning in july! wtf!
former slaughter students: have you noticed that the movie dinner for shmucks is the same as the movie <propfemale> dinner de con that slaughter should us?
i wish i had live in the 60s    people seemed to care more      female vocalist sang about important issue or at least about the cliched love    where is our generation going when our women sing about brushing their teeth with a bottle of <propfirst>     : (
"i found i website that sells funny t-shirt and i stumble on to there holiday clothing section and to my surprise they have a cinco de mayo section  what was more \suprising\"" was all the t-shirt had the corona and tecate beer logo on them    a salute to you <propfemale> for making other peoples holidays into drinking exuse   thank you!"""
"finshed watching cabin fever! i love <propmale> roth, that ending was hilarious!!"
hey for any of you going to summer school at hamilton do you know if the counslers offices are open?
prop 8 has been overturned finally someone woke up to realize the state has no godamn business deciding who you marry!
i hate being put on hold when you have to go to the bathroom! doing my dance!
"another <propfirst> ass movie??? well, i hope the health care <propmale> covers groin trauma "
finally done with spop(orientation)!! exhasted!
how boring am i? when everybody else is dreaming  about flying or appearing naked in front of large audiences   i dreamt about watching ice-t's and <propfirst> heders e! true hollywood stories   i'm even a couch potato in my dreams   
way better than spop    i love smli   i had so much fun and it really helped me feel more like an anteater!!! it really open the doors as well as my eyes to the possiblities! zot! zot!
avatar in theaters again? is there anyway you can make you hunger for money even more transparent? i mean really?
i'm going over these <propfemale> applications    and the only way they would forgive my debt is if i die or teach public school    i'm sorry but they both sound pretty scary   
good luck to all the new matadors (csun's mascot) today! i hope your first day goes well!
televised beauty pageant    just an excuse to talk crap about the women on the other side of the screen  hahaha!
good luck to everyone starting school today! i wish you guys all the best!!!
"a little over 100 dollars in books, not to bad compared to the other <propfirst> i've seen but i still had a mini heart attack  but damn, as pricey is it may seem some of these books are interseting  i'm going to learn a lot this quarter!!"
middle earth!
i was playing with with google logo for so long that i forgot what i was suppose to google    
i have one more week left  i'm getting nervous  i really hope i made the right decision 
watching futurama and the keep saying anteater --- it's just making me excited!
done with the encheiridion  now i have to read the discourses but i think i'll put that off for a little bit 
is being a college student  she is loving uci! also she speaks in third person 
convication    i hope i don't fall asleep!
is trying the break a world record!
all the uci peeps need to get down the bren event center asap!
we did it mudda fuckas!
just finished playing glow in the dark tag  i love middle earth 
to hot to do anything!
hot! i have to break out the shorts!
yeah! i'm really just sitting liking random stuff    because i'm sure your all interested in knowing what i like!
is getting tired of pippin 
back from humcore discusion  yuck! i really miss felcher!
sitting in aldrich park!
"i was reading the emergency procedures list in my dorm and one of them is in case of \ radioactive contamination spill\"" wtf do they think i'm going to be doing in here?"""
i was so focused on my work    when i looked away from my computer screen i was e playful ecting to see my room back home but then i realized i'm still in this dorm room    don't get me wrong i love it but its still strange 
its call a study room not a skype room not a socialize room    i don't go in there to here your akward conversation online so please stfu!
omg! i just cheated on facebook  i went on myspace    
damn! i have lecture in an hour and an essay due  why can't i  hide in my bed for the rest of the day! *sigh*
i'm a chicana 
back in la for the weekend!
on my way back to school and i hate the feeling because i know i forgot something   
my neck is starting to hurt i've been looking over my shoulder to much   damn assassins!
listening to my mom's cumbias lets me feel less homesick! its not  too bad though    
at <propfirst>! why i'm still awake i have to get up early tomorrow  by the end of freshman year the bags under my eyes will be up to my cheeks!
damn why did i have that rock <propfemale> last night i couldn't get any sleep   i'm going to be running on empty today   fml    r!
i love this weather    aww   the sound of thunder!!
"damn, every time i walk through aldrich park i feel really lucky to be on this campus! i love uci!"
oh jesus?! i'm going to fail my humcore midterm    
i swear this humanites book is a face magnet    as soon as i crack it open it becomes my pillow and i'm out    zzzzzzzzz       
i'm no creeper but i can see the parade begin from my window    the parade of people coming back from the their weekends home    
i  love  woodhall!
my number 3 has been fixed! and i'm so happy! thank you!
"studying + sick = : ( \\these pills aren't helping,they're making me paranoid i can see and feel my bed breathing! o_0"
i  love  my roomate juhi israni because she made me tea!!!
i just finished with midterms   but so far i've only learned that i got to get my life more organized and focused if i plan on staying here!
so proud! i love my hall! i feel bad i couldn't see it but i knew we would come out winners!
hmmm    now how do i write this humcore essay    
crap now that i think about it i think i may have misspelled the name <propmale> on my humcore midterm   now she is really going to know that i wasn't paying close attention to the reading     troubled 
snacking on my mom's tamales!! yes!
día de los muertos at uci! que hermoso!!!
is home for the weekend thanks to <propfemale> baltazar!!! thank you!!
"damn my enrollment window doesn't open until dec  1st i should have taken more a p and college classes     = (  i hope that i can still get the classes that i want   \  = (((("
yes! finally i get to watch co-co!
"finally, i get to go the alley! i love la!"
nooo! i missed 30 rock   ah   at least i'm catching the office!
is at shakey's    yuck! i rather be at pippin!
ahhh! this essay is stressing me out its been days and i still don't have a thesis!!!
= ( i'm rereading my scrapbook from senior year    and god damn    i just realized how much i miss everyone from hamilton!!! i miss you guys    i miss those days!
housing   this is crap!!
really? how many times do i have to log in?
why is this site such a tease   why would you ask me to login and then take me to the gateway only to not open the page    really?
i bet god's serve is pretty full too because everyone is praying to god this works! lol! i have to laugh or else i'll start crying     ugh    
"i have been able to udpate my status 4    5 times     in the last 45 mins    yet my other tabs are still \loading\"" bullshit!!"""
dios mio!! ---- (when i  randomly start speaking spanish you know i'm getting angry!!)
i'm might as well get dressed because it doesn't look like i'm going back to bed anytime soon   
do you hear that ambulance? somebody just killed themselves because they couldn't get their housing app through     i'm thinking about following   this is still crap!!
ughh!! finally! i'm done!
i got my package yay!! let's do the time warp again!!
now to do this tedious discovery task    damn humcore!
"despite being at uci, <propfemale> baltazar has just noticed that i've have only ever had two asians in my dorm room   strange   "
so i'm writing for humcore and instead of writing <propfirst>     i keep typing jose   i guess that's what i get for getting all my biblical information from that univision special they have about jesus every christmas    haha!
is sleeping under the stars tonight   and every night for that matter!
fml    i forgot my prof  name   well i guess i missed that question on the test    
i should get started on this essay now    = (
"silly freshman!! every time i write out a header for a paper  i type \period:   \"" after my name and i sit there trying to remember what period i have that class in    i'm so dumb    haha!"""
"i'm incredibly sad right now    i feel like shit     <propfemale> baltazar, porque!!!"
finally in la!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
the idea of christmas is just making me feel homesick and i haven't even left yet    = (
undeclared marathon on ifc    yeeeeeeaaaah! i love judd apatow!!
this quarter just needs to end     right now!! i'm tired! = (
it beginning to feel a lot like christmas thanks to <propfirst> jimenez!  steph juhi and i just want to say thanks!! = )
me duele mi cabeza!
"of course you \lost contact with the system\"" webreg    let's put a <propfemale> over this hot steaming turd i call a week shall we?"""
\sorry, the maximum of allowed webreg users has been reached   please try\8731539fd6c43679631a2a768e415f0d,am i retarded or was that an earthquake?
"if i was on the verge of jumping off the roof on monday, today webreg is giving me that extra push     f-m-l!!!"
toning it down but still pretty angry!
last official class of the quarter yay! until finals booo!
why the hell is overtype even an option on word documents    it just ends up eating my letters    
alert: random creeper in woodhall!
i should be studying for finals but people profile pix just made me want to watch a couple episodes of <propmale>! awesome!
yum! left-over cheesecake from the cheesecake factory! num num num num num!
"juhi israni : \i'm so smart  oh  i'm not bragging \"""""
i never wanted to be like those people that sat in front of their computer and put down everything their into on their profile but anything to not study for finals!
wtf is that smell    ewww    i think its coming from pippin!
your car is japanese  your beer is <propmale>  your wine is spanish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your tea is chinese  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your radio is korean  your vodka is russian  and then you complain: your neighbor is an immigrant? pull yourself    together! copy and post to support the dream act  pass the dream act now!
some mute d-bag keeps calling me from a blocked number     either you call me and talk to me or you don't! phones are for talking dumbf*ck!
"damn, <propfemale> preciado and <propfemale> baltazar , i wish i knew who those beautiful elves where that left me those presents so i can say thank you     oh well    happy holidays    = )"
"procrastination, your my only partner in this all nighter   "
"it nice watching the sunrise over the uci campus, you know what would be nicer? if i was sleeping instead   "
so i write like a doctor    i'm rereading my notes and i can't understand what they say    great!
finally i'm in my very own bed ---- in la!!
"so, i'm on the bus driving by venice   i hadn't noticed how different this place really is  don't get me wrong, i love uci but nothing compares to la! the atmosphere, the way people dress, the way they talk   it's so bizarre and beautiful  we are different and it's amazing!  everything here is so free and relaxed! i can't picture myself living anywhere else! i love you la!"
hehehe! every time i sit near the dinosaur fountains on third st  in <propfemale> <propfemale> a tourist ask me to take there picture!
"gift wrapping! one of my favorite christmas activities,except for the oddly shaped ones, those are tricky    especially because i already tore a hole in one     dammit!"
"dear santa,\all i want for christmas are my course books for winter quarter    = )"
"well, i had an average quarter (grade wise)! i'm happy i didn't flunk out but there are so many things i wish i had done differently, next quarter i need to get organized "
"so, i gave my dad my christmas wish list, ( my books for next quarter, yeah i was being serious) and he sat there trying to find my grammatical errors    what the hell dad   its the first grade all over again!"
watching one of my favorites superbad! <propmale> rogen  love   i can't wait for the green hornet!
date movie! yes its one of the crappier parody movies buts still pretty funny    also take note on how most of my status now a days involve television! because that's all i've been doing on my break and i couldn't be happier!
"oooh! perfect \ghost story\"" weather!"""
rainbow! neat 
<propfemale> christmas everyone i hope your having a wonderful time with your families!
fantastic! <propmale> <propfirst> is going to be at the irvine improv when i'm not in irvine! in the four year that i have to be there he better come back and do a show! i really want to see him!
my roommate juhi israni got yelled at by those guys giving campus tours for leaving the tour  he thought she was still in high school  hahahahahahahaha!
"i have question    when you login into facebook do you scroll down and ready all the status that you have not seen yet    my roommate tends to think that it's stupid that i am the only one that does this  is this true? please help me prove my roommate, juhi israni wrong "
my friends status just made me realize what i miss about high school  i miss those random people that would walk around selling kool-aid gummy words like it was a drug deal!
one of my favorite things to do is eat burritos out of foil    so ya i'm having a good time  = )
how am i suppose to get any shit done when the internet is being a difficult the only <propfemale> that is functioning is facebook  its like life wants me to fail 
finally!
stressed! i'm taking a ten minute tetris break   
<propfemale> baltazar is awesome  laugh  she is my idol 
damn! its 10 and i am just starting on this essay    it going to be a long night
juhi israni and i just took a personality quiz and her results told her she that she is a negative person    hahahahaha!
done with my essay and my blog   it feels good not to have things done ahead of time    hmmm maybe procrastination isn't always the answer    lets see what else i can get done   
<propfemale> preciado and <propfemale> baltazar are sharing pills    will no one stop the madness!
whoa! that break was only suppose to last 10 mins its been an hour   crap!
i am so tired i don't think i'll able to stay awake in lecture    
ouch! i can't hold a pen right after that midterm    pain   
juhi israni is being cheap    she wants to take the mints from pippin and give them out as valentines    
god! i'm getting that urge to go to the la alleys again    
oh yeah! got a gtl poster! to bad i don't g or t    
word of wisdom by <propmale> garcia annoyed i wish i was a little lighter some times    \,8731539fd6c43679631a2a768e415f0d,this is such balls i thought i did better than i did on that midterms    i'm crossing my fingers hoping she is dyslexic because the <propfirst> for that score have to be in the wrong order 
i  love  this weather!! i do! i do! i do! i do ooo!
juhi israni is the bestest at taking post tests!
thunder! i love it!!
i smell something sweet! i want some horchata   but i don't think i can get that anywhere in irvine 
     midterm    
sop kid finally out of my hair      thank goodness!
stuck pixel on my iphone     awww! how do i fix this?
i love the rain but i got my chues wet   
almost fell asleep watching the exorcist with <propfemale> preciado      i'm sorry jai davé but that was so boring   
i helped <propfemale> preciado and now i feel accomplished! yay!
why won't this quarter just end! i see the finish line but i'm just tired of this routine   
"apparently, people are camping out in front of subway for their give away tomorrow  that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you get uci students to come out   with free  stuff!"
i want to go the tunnels  here at uci  but    i need to go with someone    can i still do that     has anyone done it before?
so having the office theme song as my alarm in the mornings isn't working out  i either ignore it or it incorporates into my dreams   either way it's not waking me up    good song though 
i need some direction! i don't know what to take next quarter    my options don't seem that appealing   
"it has been such a busy week for me  but today i finally get to go home, i miss my family "
"it has been such a busy week for me  but today i finally get to go home, i miss my family "
of course this would happen  webreg is screwing me over again!!
crap! its been a day and this essay still hasn't gotten done!
"i have had minimal sleep, i haven't eaten and i am a complete mess but i finally finished my essay! yes!!!"
<propfemale>
i really wish today was friday    because by this time i would finally be home instead of worrying about these midterms!
i love being home with my parents but idk how i feel about them keeping me to an early bed time   
west hollywood at night  as scary as it is to walk around right now     i kinda missed it 
hello facebook friends! if you are still interested in attending <propfemale> dance socal 2011 then contact me for tickets!!! this is the last week that they will be available for $15 before the price goes up  help improve the educational e playful erience for a <propfemale>n in need while enjoying the talents of some of the most coveted dance crews  so tell all your friends and get your tickets now now now!!!
"i know it may feel like i am spamming you with all these invites but the invitation are not empty events they are people i truly believe in  so before you ignore my post please consider these events: <propfirst> gaspar for at-large representative , vote sesar galvez for asuci social science representative! and vote <propfemale> reynoso for asuci president!"
"thank you <propmale> plottier, jai davé and samer for the muffin    but my roommate juhi israni pointed out that today is april first    but i think i trust you guys enough to not given me diarrhea     = )"
"i can't wait for june 9th  hahahahahahahahaha! juhi israni, \i'll buy you guys a cake on my birthday!\"""""
this heat has drained me out of so much energy 
what the balls middle earth you just took away an hour of my sleep with that stupid noise outside my window  wtf!
phone's dead! = ( what     the     balls!
what the balls! the walk to class is longer then the actual class    that was a 15mins discussion 
there is some <propmale> spamming going on  people keep getting tagged into random albums    uh-oh!
i guess they weren't kidding about the 9 am alarm 
whoa! i feel like i'm back in la  love ! there is a helicopter flying over uci? at night? did another lap-top get stolen? i like it though makes me feel at home!
i hate when professors just read through their crappy powerpoints like its a race    i gave up 10 mins ago 
i finally got to watch to watch <propfirst>'s last dundies    and i kind of want to cry 
i feel like the more i try to conserve paper the more i waste  when will i learn how to use a printer because clearly this is just not working   
why do people keep thing that i am a third year? no i'm a freshie!
"i am very happy to hear that i've gotten everyone around me to start using the word, \chanclas \"""""
