635a7ac478c646169be033a70698606e
is just getting up
jennifers arm pit smells like a clean babies but
is feelin fine
"is done with classes for the week, now just homework and regular work   what a relief     "
is already sick of cold and gray skies   i need to go where it's warm
"<propfemale> is on fb, singing on guitar hero, and texting, now that is multi tasking!"
"thinks, i post therefore i am"
wonders why 8:10pm seems so late when you are in class
has a dog with vertigo
is hoping to see the sun again soon
is cookin with beer!
can not wait for the end of this semester!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is listening to <propfemale> manson and baking cookies with the family
thinks wars are started by people with small minds and big budgets
is going down to <propfemale> looking for some souls to steal
is back in <propfemale> arbor after a great trip to <propfemale>!
is wondering if anxiety and adhd are life thretning   grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!  if only i could lose focus on the anxiety all would be well 
began month long celebration of a bearded home invader!  the way i see it this makes the most sense
just had one class canceled for wed  ad the due dates for two papers extended until friday   christmas presents already what a great week!
is still writing! this is the hardest paper ever   i should never be alowed to pick my own topic!
"papers done and in   two finals monday, one wedneaday and then i am officially brain dead until january "
2 down one wednesday and then done   for now 
thinks that the word fuck is some times necessary to convey they point one is trying to  make   does any one agree? this 4 letter word definatly gets the point across   if you disagree give me some options only serious inquires please 
i-75 closed at kentucky tennessee border   just got gouged on a hotel room   the holidays have begun 
made it to blue ridge   time to relax!
happy x-mas
has enjoyed the extra sleep!
fifteen years of waiting   goober and the peas rocked!!!!!!! they are great if anybody gets the <propmale> to see them do it!!!!! even if tickets do cost $20 it is worth it for your children to take out student loans!!!!! getting to be there wit j priceless!!!
"is already sick of snow, cold and grey skies   \i wanna go where it's warm\""-j  buffet"""
is wondering what the deal is withe the color posts?  did i miss something?
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
is very very tired!!!
"i wish anxiety and frustration (a k a cabin fever) could bottled and used to heat my house   sad light kickin, fake fireplace on furnace blasting and still hate'n winter!!!!!!"
just found out that melted munster cheese may be the best waterproof adhesive i have ever seen!!!!!!!!!!
stupid groundhog!!!!!
"thinks the mindless killing that all war invokes is reason enough to not support pre-emptive strikes or troop increases   what will 40,000 more troops be able to accomplish besides the obvious increase in casualties and alienation from the people we claim to be trying to help   these insurgents we are claiming to fight are people whose country has been invaded "
is done ranting!
thinks <propfirst> is an a$$hole!!!
helped highschooler make spud gun today 1 hour   watching a potato go 200 feet further than e playful ected hillarious!!!!!!!
is already wanting this week to be over!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is wondering the complexities of the hidden when the known is hard to accept 
it's official last semester 2nd bachelor of science   new ink tomorrow!  things are lookin up! lookin for a good grad school 
whooo hoooo!!!! it's friday   this week went by just as fast as i wanted it to 
fried koi anyone?
<propfemale> wants jalapeno poppers!! so she says 
is laughing lots
thinks people comment on the most unusual statuses   or maybe the most usual   really have not figured it out yet 
is currently bored with watching face book!!
seems we are 2 old to sled!
wants midterms over already!!!
just finished my homework   1 class 1presentation and then i am on break for a week   any one lookin to celebrate let me know!
is officially on break and started an aquarium!
when we brought our fish home one seemed to be hyperventilating   i did not know what to do it was already in a bag smile 
misses his cousin <propfirst> soooo much!
"anybody looking to hire somebody in communications in the tampa,fl area?"
had first fish casuality  sad   r i p  short round 
"just finished getting drunk and arguing, and it is still early life is good!!!!!!!!!"
woo hoo painting today!!!
thinks every silver lining has one?
likes the sunshine and the not freezing temps!
liked life better when i thought ipa was only a type of beer 
thinks one of the fish is asthmatic fish   same as the fish with anxiety disorder 
likes it when it is warm 
<propfemale> made delicious dinner  it was really really good!
who knew? no really 
is thinkin things are pretty good!!!
"is wondering why in a free country the census envelope say \your response is required by law \""  never felt so free   !"""
"is tempted to watch a movie called \jesus christ vampire hunter\""  sounds funny to me   """
misses the sun and warmth
one nation under the <propmale> and for the <propmale> so help me god       we are a pathetic country with two ineffectual parties that spew nonsense and take care of the wealthy and no one else    good night!!!!
i spy something silver 
"just found out my son is pregnant!  my house was stolen, and my cat will not stop barking!"
"son is not pregnant, just misplaced my house, and it was the dog doing all the barking "
yep    friday   
somebody shoot this semester and put it out of my misery!!!!
has an earring removing cat 
ugh!!!!!!last week of semester is kickin my ass!!!thank god for my wifey the lord has blessed me in so many ways all i can do is thank the almighty for all of my blessings and know that the angels are watching over me  <propfirst> 3:69 its in the book of mormon you wouldn't know it  and if you are mormon it is rastafarian and if you are rastifarian it is buddhist and if you are buddhist it is mormon!
just found out he can be abrasive 
"needs to finish school!  <propmale> was wathcing a cartoon where the main character was bringing dead historic figures back to life so he did not have to read history books, and i was trying to figure out how you would site zombies in mla for a research paper "
has a cold during finals week   this sux quite a bit   lol!
yep just as i suspected!!!!!
"just finished my last <propfemale> of my last paper for my last semester for my last 2nd bach   yeah, grad school i'm lookin at you!! you gonna do somethin about it?"
um   now what do i do?
is full from celebratory dinner ar seva!
kid is 10 unbelievable   he is the greatest!  happy b-day g!
likes the sun!
is having fun!
thinks it is time to return to work    smile  or     frowny  or  smile  or  playful  not sure yet 
happy mothers day
says good night
is concerned about the solar ice caps  smile 
is tired 
oh yeah   
r i p  <propmale> dog   she will be missed 
it looks like a good day!
my code has been craked   beefeaters!
has been havin' lots of fun  smile 
is making dirty martinis   extra dirty 
j will be pissed if tornadoes up on us 
is not fond of online applications
had crazy dreams last night   good to be awake
had a blast at ton-up!!!!
"has an interview tomorrow with washtenaw county   wish me luck,  i think my last job interview was at <propmale> e  cheese in southgate maybe 1992   will find out if they have changed any  smile "
turns out interviews have changed   behavioral based interviewing is new to me   not worse just different 
thinks this weather is the greatest!!!!! hoping for tripple digits 
still loves the heat!!!!!!
is officially without a cell phone until monday night   i already have the shakes!
is back!
is going to grad school!!!!
is 23 yet again 
has now heard it all!
is thinkin brite idea tattoo is going to be awsome!!!
got the job with the washtenaw county weatherization program 
misses the sun 
just saw a chipmunk swim across the huron river   really i am telling the truth 
starts work tomorrow   first county orientation then to the office   
lived through his first day of work and is not even maimed   offices can be dangerous places 
"day 2 and already overtime  watched and assisted on a pre-inspection, i like this job!"
wow! a full week of county work   very ready for the weekend!
is thinkin <propmale>   
likes this weather
thinks it is time to change his status 
yep it was 
<propfemale> is literally cutting a rug   smile 
sold the f-150!  now where did i put that title   
likes the color blue!
accidentally erased some stuff   guess i will start again tomorrow 
should i ride or drive to work tomorrow?
where have my peeps gone?
is going to attempt to change the oil in a medium sized motorbike   wish me luck 
"3 days of training out of the way, back to the office tomorrow!"
has the cure for the fall time blues 
had a blast at cedar point!
weird   i am actually excited to go to work   it is cool to have a job to feel good about doing 
overtime rocks!!!!!
"when the world slips you a <propfirst>, just stroke the furry wall   "
is one step closer to being certified   
the new office is rockin!!!!  180 degrees of windows on the 4th floor (pent house) of the key bank building in ypsilanti   for all your income eligible weatherization needs 
is going to watch get him to the greek for the fourth time   smile !!!!
i think this smurf had a <propmale>   
is taking next semester off!!!  got some professional development opportunities i gonna e playful lore!
hairy potter 8^)
can not figure out how to write a new status 
i wanna go where it's warm!!!
started my bike for the last time till spring    very very sad 8^( 
<propfemale> holidays everyone!
happy holidays    i was flipped off by a christian with a jesus fish!  my holiday mission was successfull!  i hope all are enjoying the irony of the season as much as i am!
happy new year and to all a good night!
does not care about anything football related   is more interested in real news 
is glad it is friday!!!!!!!!!
"congrats g, on the spelling <propfemale>!!!"
"will be suprised if this storm is packing 10\"",2011-02-02 02:14:22""",635a7ac478c646169be033a70698606e,"copy and paste this if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? for crap's sake, don't forget the hearts ? ? ? ?"
"feb  2 2011\entry 1:  i ventured out side today   there was snow   i saw none of my neighbors  i must assume they did not make it through the storm   the eeriness of the post storm carnage was to much, i had to return indoors \!"
is done with winter and ready for spring!
don't know what to say   it was a good day
just saw an ad for an adhd focus group   seems like that will be a small group 
"a unionized public employee, a member of the tea party, and a ceo are sitting at a table  in the middle of the table is a plate with a dozen cookies on it  the ceo reaches out and grabs 11 cookies, looks at the tea partier and says, \watch out for that guy"," he wants a piece of your cookie \""\"635a7ac478c646169be033a70698606e,may have contracted a facebook virus    not sure though 
"i was reading a review of a hotel and found this annoyed \\must see\",635a7ac478c646169be033a70698606e,is laid back!
got my motorcycle out of storage today!  first ride of the year was cold and very fun 
