42d745070711ef92ab13bba7bdf560a2
bought a nes r o b  and loves it 
"is still packing, hasn't slept, and probably won't till he is out of work, back from whitman after unpacking  yeesh  still, a very productive day!"
is glad trip 1 is done  thanks to <propfemale> and steppy for helping me finish it  now to pack trip 2 this evening after a short rest 
"trip 2 is done  thank you steppy for the help  currently packing trip 3 which needs to be a good amount, seeing as i have no time for a trip on friday as i am off to maine  yay!"
"is back from work early, and is done with trip 3 thanks <propfirst> for letting me out early, and <propfemale> for the help bringing stuff in  going to clean up the house, take a shower and get some sleep so i will be ready for the long ass drive to maine tomorrow!"
<propfirst> is home now from maine and is at steppy's house
<propfirst> is now at what will soon be his former place of residence getting ready for bed and another long week  hooray!
is off to work at 5am to get the store ready for the 6am old people zombie rush  oh joy!
just got back from seeing ponyo with steppy and <propfemale>  and it was pretty awesome 
"finds it amazing that  people he sees, hears, and reads about who claim that they are so poor all the time and one step from the street can afford new cars, go on vacations, and are miraculously saved at the last minute all the time from said problems  yet he and steppy work very hard, pay their bills on time and yet get nothing after all that but more bills  funny        "
is moving the second to last of his stuff today with some help! thanks to those that are staying to help me put it all up 
is now living in whitman with steppy! sorry i have not updated till now  did not have proper internets till now  all stuff is put up and away! don't be strangers peoples!
has finished helping his mom in hingham and is heading back to whitman in a bit 
just got dark horses conan graphic novel #7 and its awesome as e playful ected 
"is in hingham helping with a few things  then, back to whitman!"
thanks everyone for their bday wishes! thank you very much!
is spending all night till 6am building rebuilding his pc! hooray!
is missing old friends lately  i just wish some would talk to me again  im not a asshole that i was made into by my crazy ex anymore  controlled and and no backbone  told everyone off  that man died at the end of 06  im a new person with a wonderful new woman  i just wish that more people gave me a <propmale>  i miss everyone  ah well  work at assanippi 3 to 11pm tonight  gotta get to bed 
"just saw clash of the titans and it was entertaining  still like the original better  bobo the owl cameo was hilarious though    also, i really have no respect for people who feel the need to brag about all the good fortune and awesome things they get to do by making others miserable and by not being responsable  saw something today that made me feel like that "
just got intelligent qube mint for really cheap  missing steppy   sad 
"wonders if resonance of fate is any good? in other news, got my bipac machine "
watched the wrestler last night  good but depressing movie   i miss steppy and <propfemale>    sad 
is working till 8pm  then back home to be with steppy!
"is stuck at work till 11pm, then off to get steppy afterwards  gonna be a long night lol "
is now the owner of a 160gb ipod  hooray!
now owns resonance of fate and neir for ps3! hooray!
"just got mag for ps3 for $20  not bad for a game i probably wont touch, lol "
"has added parasite <propfemale> 1, tales of <propfemale> 1, persona 2 for ps1, and lufia 1 for snes  my old school collection is almost complete!"
i am currently conducting secret snake business on the metal gear solid: peace <propmale> code hunt site  want to know what all the excitement's about? come see for yourself at http annoyed  www konami com mgscodehunt
congratulations! you've successfully earned a code collection trophy in the metal gear solid: peace <propmale> code hunt  the big boss says keep up the good hunting!
is in line for the midnight showing of iron man 2!
wants everyone to wish <propfemale> d`angelo a happy hernandez day!  smile 
"is excited this week! 3d <propfemale> game heroes today, <propmale> of persia game next tuesday, and <propfirst> hood this friday! plus a new assassins creed game annouced that, while only a side story, looks pretty cool  hooray!"
"is working on an old project for a friend involving genetics and dna resequencing  for you mr  fox! also, might see <propfirst> hood after work  hopefully "
"is stuck at work till 2am because the floor is getting stripped and waxed  jeph, sorry i missed your show  this wa a last minute thing  i had no idea you were down either  silly man  anyway back to the excitement of sitting behind the counter doing nothing till at least 2am if not later     then coming back at 3pm to work till 11pm friday  joy!"
"tornado warnings in mass, and oil all over the coasts and in the ocean  poor planet earth, i feel so bad for you "
"i dont have alot of faith in humanity as a whole, and generally dont care for them  but today i really fucking hate people and am sad that i am one of them  we create such wonderous things but in general create more terrible things and do terrible things than we do good  its really sad "
working till 9pm  then maybe i might go see that get him to the greek movie  at least i hope so 
just picked up a cib mint copy of final fantasy adventure for game boy for $20  awesome find 
"is having fish and lobster for dinner, then maybe some miyazaki with steppy after "
"hates the heat today  work is barely ac at all, but at least we have power  had a great morning though!"
"is having trouble sleeping  keep trying, but i miss steppy too much so it is hard    heart-broken "
"gets really tired of everyone else  going on all the vacations, having all the fun, being irrisponsable (and getting away with it) and other various intrigues  and yet all he ever has to look forward to is more work and responsabilities  life is really fair   annoyed "
i hate how dispite being a recluse pretty much and trying to stay to myself that drama still seems to find me    annoyed 
is at work till 11pm  been a long day and cant wait to go home and see steppy!  love 
just saw the thor trailer from comicon and it looks pretty fucking sweet in his opinion 
its balls hot out this morning   x x
is off to work with a feeling of uncertainty  x x     i really don't know what to think anymore about anything 
is having another crazy day at <propfemale> tedeschis!
"just finished giving his mom a bunch of boxes he and steppy collected for her move to maine over this fri, sat, sun coming up  have help for it, but if you wanna help with the putting on the truck part, swing on by! ill be dead after all this btw "
been moving things off trucks for a whole week  hope it ends soon lol  sad that labor day is almost here  i hate labor day   one of the worst days in my life   sad 
finally remembered why he likes console rpgs and old school ones from nes and snes and ps1  no drama from basement dwellers   annoyed 
is loving the assassins creed: brotherhood beta  its pretty fun! loooking forward to the castlevania: lords of shadow demo today too!
once again has to shell out big bucks for another damn rim on his car! thanks hanover! i gotta get a better car    
"is sad cause he has no cakeys  also, gotta spend all my money at the tire guy on tuesday cause i needed a $95 tire as well as the $300 rim  love my life "
just picked up his limited edition castlevania: lords of shadow and is jumping in!
off to the <propmale> richards faire with my baby steppy d'angelo! woo!
hate steppys dad with the fury of 1000 suns  wish i was not so lame 
"happy birthday nes!\\october 18, 1985"
"all is quiet  but i do not trust it, and remain ever vigilant "
picked up dragon age: origins ultimate edition today for cheap! will play after work 
"wishes he could play fable 3, but since there isnt much else besides that and a few other games on there, it does not warrant purchasing another 360 elite yet  oh well, i will just play dragon age i guess "
is wondering where the hell ththis tron sneak peek was showing and why he didnt know about it? cry*
is trying to figure out what to do watch for halloween now   shrug*
"loves nov 2nd every year  everyone i see in person is suddenly a politician, and everyone on facebook suddenly thinks they are magically so knowledgeable about politics and think they are <propmale> kennedy "
"wants to know why every night he works, the red man comes in, hangs around, then leaves  only to do this 3 more times the same evening!  x x"
wonders why everyone always starts creaming themselves over every fps #6342 when they come out  they arent really giving anything new  like every other franchise 
is starting to see who his real friends are now 
is thankful for the people he knows  thank you very much everyone for all your birthday wishes   smile 
"has made it to <propfemale> early  sadly, we still have to wait till 12 noon before we catch the florida flight "
is with steppy at epcot  touring the different nations  just finished japan  hello <propfemale> everything there 
"wants everyone to know that steppy d'angelo has posted pictures of our trip and has announced our engagement, now that we are back! go look now!"
"thinks it is really sad when people you know were in a bad place at one point and you were there for them  and now that they have achieved a bit of success, they dont even say a word to you and ignore you  i hate people who do this   annoyed "
"is working today till 11pm oh well, someone has to do it i guess "
"i see so many people i know that are depressed  i am usually one of them  but , after thinking long and hard, i wouldnt change anything that i have done gone through  the bad times, the bad relationships, etc  i have a great woman now who adores me and i am going to do whatever i can for her  she makes me smile and happy and i will knock out anyone who tries to mess with it or her   love  you steppy "
"so the new wow e playful ansion is out  i could really give 2 shits  however this reminded me of that game diablo2 that everyone i knew played, yet i didnt  still havent  should i get that or wait for diablo3? convince me!"
"is up in maine having a small xmas with his mom and brother  ate a good meal out, saw horses, cows, and some chickens  will be going back sunday morning to get farm fresh eggs for breakfast and then say goodbye to everyone and neko and head home! good times though!"
"knows there is a storm brewing, but he will face it head on like always "
wants to know what you got for xmas! just curious! anyone can respond to this 
"i will not be told where to stand!\i will not be told what to say \not by man or machine,\not by you,\not by anyone tonight!\you're gonna have to do better than fear \you're gonna have to step out of the shadows and fight \and when they see your face again,\they will know what it means\to have fear dragged out into the light "
"never really cared for disney, and therefore, never had a favorite character like most do  but, thanks to steppy d'angelo , i finally do  and that would be oswald, <propfirst>'s half brother  thanks steppy!"
anyone have a copy of guardian heroes and a copy of nights for sega saturn they want to sell me asap
got nights and guardian heroes for saturn  now to wait for legend of oasis and my 4in1 cart that will let me save and use imports on it! sotn and radiant silvergun here i come!
is working on his sega saturn
is at work till 11pm  going to go home after and play some saturn games!
"ff13 part 2?\\really square enix? really? wtf  i wish square was square again, and enix was enix  i mean i liked x-2, but this is ridiculous  at least the trailer for versus looks pretty cool  but then again, that is all we have seen for 3yrs, so i will probably be 84 before it ever comes out  and after 13s letdown i am so wary of ffs now "
"is so sick of snow  and being the only one to shovel it since, for the past 3 weeks, i have a day off everytime it happens   x x"
"new spartacus series on starz looks great  also saw a preview for a new series called camelot which also looks promising  then again i will watch anything with swords, especially if it's <propmale> <propfirst> related since i love that stuff "
"nothing bothers me more on here then when i take a moment to ask a question or post on someones wall and they dont even answer it  like it wasnt even there  if you dont wanna answer me  wanna pretend you didnt see it, then why are you on my friends list?"
is off to assinippi general store aka work from 3pm to 11pm  come say hi!
needs to start the inverted castle in symphony of the night when he gets home 
is off to visit <propfirst> rengifo aka metal <propfirst>! it has been a long time!
has gotten back into shmups! thanks goes out to metal <propfirst> for helping me on this! just need radiant silvergun and a few others now  anyone looking to sell any of these let me know!
radiant silvergun acquired!
know what is worse then people ignoring you and not talking to you? having them pretend you do not exist in the first place  people are so fucking flaky it disgusts me 
is getting his first tattoo ever today!
techno <propfirst> orbison and coked out strippers  cause that is how <propmale> and i roll  ballin!
