8ff2971adef6dd5d8d354b66aa9833d9
mmmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
fml
hello facebox 
i feel sick  sad 
you dont have to come and confess    
watching strawberry shortcake with <propfemale>
fi dolla pizza
recorded an 18 <propfemale> dubstep mix   its awesome  smile 
new dubstep mix -- smoked salmon -- http annoyed  soundcloud com jakelinx 
car is broke down on the side of the road right now by dk e playful ress   i am currently eating dk e playful ress in my car waiting for help to arrive 
"dear <propfemale>, get well soon   if i could give you chicken soup, i would   a nice new ball joint and axel should make you feel better   and did i hear you mention you wanted an oil change?!  soon ill be feeding you tasty gas and speeding excessively once again      love  your master"
hello facebox  smile 
"dear facebox,   love  <propfirst>"
dear pastor nate  you're a loser  fuck off and crash and burn   love  me   ps  fuck off and crash and burn 
kids    drugs   and akahol  have ruuuuiined my life!
bored
wiener poopy? my gosh 
listening through come with us by the chemical brothers
theres nothing left to puke up  annoyed \  but i keep puking   ishy 
3rd rock from the sun
watching tutorials for ableton live
"listen here dogs, i make lots of money  gettin all the hunnies  chics in my bed or flavor on my cereal  all my rhymes are funky fresh  its always new material  scarface is my favorite movie  i got mad ballin skills i always get da booty  but when im not with my dogs slam dunking a basketball into a metal hoop, im probably robbing a liquor store "
just had a nice photo booth session with the brookie monster 
friday friday gonna get down on friday! ugh  what a ghastly song 
makin the dub step
tired
"funny, it was outside allll daaaaaaaay!"
working on a future catchy tune
thumbs down
"concerned about bullsharks living in rivers   10 foot vicious carnivorous fish swimming just yards from me, no thanks "
"\no adults going to waste their time putting little lines around the name jesus  and to use the terms 'wie -- wiener pooopy?' my gosh \"""""
aaaahhhhhhhh hahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!
team <propfirst>!  love  hehehe!
jacks mexican style pizza with a little extra motz and sprinkle chili powder over it  tasty touches by <propfirst> klinkner 
goin to kick it with <propfirst> karasch
"oils changed, cars a little cleaner inside, and now i think im going to the car wash   if you see a sexy black <propfemale> driving around feel free to stop in awe of it "
still laying in bed 
moping around
kickin it at jeffs working on some sounds   eating sunflower seeds   listening to a car alarm go off outside 
today sucks just like yesterday sucked just like the day before that sucked 
thats how threebrew gangsters roll
comatose sounds nice
fml
diggin the audi titanium 18s  theyd look sick on my car   im going to take a nap now and dream about them  smile 
saws and squares
senses a great disturbance in the force 
biolife
pineapple is easily my favorite fruit   right after <propfirst> <propmale>  > smile 
i hear rain
stoked to play for 2 hours tonight!  i have a pretty good set lined up so far   do i dare split that 2 hours up with some dubstep?
hi
easter <propfemale> can bite me  why do holidays get dumbed down into shit like the easter <propfemale> or <propfemale>? today sucks anyways 
downloading all kinds of bomb tracks this morning! this saturdays gonna be super legit at the animal house 
"is it worth trying serato or traktor scratch? ive had turntables for years now, i just dont have the vinyl   this way i could start the vinyl collection ive been wanting to while still throwing down whatever the hell i want   hmmmm "
fat mikes such a dumb cat  he jumped up on my desk and landed on my pizza! rest assured that i beat him senseless and within mere inches of death   he'll learn 
dropping off apps! good luck me! thanks me! np 
selling my body for money  thank you biolife   smile 
i like my beats fast and my bass down low
i noticed that more than 50% of my phone calls are completed before 59 seconds   the other 50% is ended before 1:59 
mixing like a freaking genius today! this mix is a monster!
bin ladens dead! yay! how about the people from our goverment who played their role? them next? that'd probably save this country a lot of future bullshit that i know we will face sooner than later 
do you have any more gum?
i won the crocket set from biolife! aahhhhahahahahahahahahaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!  smile  this summers gonna rule!
luncheon with roske
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee -nazgul
"starting to work on tonights track list   ive got tons of new material, now i just need to piece this puzzle together into a monster mx   im really looking forward to tonight   it's going to be a lot of fun  laugh    heres some listening in the mean time:  http annoyed  soundcloud com jakelinx"
mmmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
if anyones got any absolute classic 80s or 90s tracks please please please post the name for me!  im making a misc party collection   any song you wanna hear at a party actually just tell me that too   kthx 
stoked to start working today at the ground round! start your thursday off right and stop on in for collosal long islands for 3 bucks   yours truly will be holdin down the fort at the front podium 
got the cave a little more situated   turn tables and mixer are hooker up and playing choons 
dj kue is cruuushing it
loving electro right meow
chillin
gtronic definitely knows how to produce a grimey track  thank you gtronic 
this looks to be a brilliant week
conehead zombie photo sesh
im in for a busy weekend 
happy birthday to the ground! i threw the rest of the cake too! im not a part of your system! im an aduuuuuuuuult!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone   it was a really nice surprise this morning   well  im going back to bed now k bye 
"last night was a very good time   summer shandys, fish tacos, chicken fajitas, smores, croquet, and good company "
my 360s optical drive doesnt read any discs whatsoever   ive heard that i can just reset the lazer but how do i do that?  people's tutorials on youtube havent helped me one bit yet 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789
gettin my rank on starcraft2 style
to mccanns i go!
brookie is a little dancing machine!
<propfemale> global underground
the brookie monster is down for the night   she definitely held true to her title tonight 
"of course you and i both know, there is no film in this camera "
bakin an extravagent <propmale> chocolate cake with my sweet little ladies   love  tehe!
finally im in the mood to dj  geez 
http annoyed  www facebook com event php?eid=110179989071725
1 2 kegger 1 2 dance party 1 2 birthday party!
ill be working my my set for tonights event   1 2 kegger 1 2 dance party 1 2 birthday party!  i'll see you tonight if you want to claim your fancy birthday hats!
why did the rox tav close?  i was so close to getting a big show setup there!
anyone want to buy a bearly dirt jumping bike?  let me know because i got a tank im selling 
ground round is closed down now   ill have to find a new job 
community service!  always a blasty blast 
pesky <propfemale>   
anyone wanna buy a decked out dirt jumping bike?
remaking the threebrew anthem   anyone want to throw down on a verse?
 love  mccanns
get ready to hear the instrumental for the new threebrew anthem!
give him the stick  doooont give him the stiiiick!
what an awful day
starcraft2 and ableton live  wink 
hi folks vote for donnely!!!!
country music is a disease
enjoying an excellent essential mix this week 
ugh 
 love  noisia
for years ive been saving all of my picked scabs and mixing them in with peoples' raisin bran  because thats gangster 
drinkin outta cups 
bleh
sick of losers
"going out to the bmx track to watch the land o lakes nationals!  its going to be sick watching the aa pros rip around the track   if anyone wants to buy my bike hit me up, its got only great, nothing poor quality, very good condition, dirtjumping bike  $450 "
watching restaurant impossible makes me want to open a store 
good first day 
a gyro at bodids sounds good right about now 
gucci man is you rollin?
sleep hasnt been very good lately   i never used to wake up at night but ive been waking up 5 or more times a night lately!
 love  orange juice
sun burnt!
"goodbye work, hello weekend  laugh "
<propmale> weyer installed my new downpipe for my <propfemale> last night   the turbo sounds very nice and i can feel my car pull a bit harder now too   <propfemale> pumped!
just saw cops surround a building and draw their guns   didn't see any action though  sad 
im finding really good music tonight  i post some that i dont want to keep for myself > smile 
kqrs has been playing excellent music all morning and its making the day go by real smooth   thanks kq 
finally home from work  nice 10 hour day   sun > my skin 
lunch break with black hat
driving home from work   it'll be nice to be home in an hour 
community service is now officially done with  all 80 hours 
jooooe
mixing the musics
teaching people how to dougie 
hello sexy waxy car  smile 
at mccanns
"just got to the job site only to realize our drill rig has no drill bit   it fell off on the highway somewhere!  so i'm holdin down he for here by the vikings training center   not bad, not bad "
been looking for that drill head on the highway all day now   what a bitter sweet surprise for the days work  
i just slept from 5 to 9! now wtf am i going to do!?  in an hour its my bedtime!
fat mikes head is half the size it needs to be to fit his fat <propfemale> body   how does that even happen?
just got on the road headed to duloof 
driving to suck centre for work today and got some classic chemical brothers choons goin   what a good morning 
happy birthday brookie we love you
north minneapolis 
<propmale> linx has a very beefy set planned out for tomorrow! only a few lucky people are going to be able to hear it live and e playful erience it in all of its goodness!  i hope i dont sound like a morman   
"i can hardly focus here at work, my minds already at the party tonight playing my set   i can't wait!"
i had a great time last night  i hope everyone else did too!
 love s nadastrom
eating shit 
working right next to the mpls airport today 
i posted my mix from this last weekends party  i even got to use my wonka intro! give it a listen!  http annoyed  soundcloud com jakelinx 
workin hard or hardly workin -- that's the name of the game today 
dicks
shwillin
just rage smashed my phone   so quit calling 
coo-coos nest! coo-coos nest!
waiting for brookie to get here  watchin alien! yeeeessss!
immortals looks so good!
currently at a job site where across the street is a wells fargo possibly being robbed  there's a cop with an m4 posted up behind a brick sign   this shits live!
"its not certain how sugar got so fly, but sugar certainly did get fly "
i keep losing! %&$^#*&!@#
wolfgang > mau5
ancient aliens
team <propfirst>!
i think i just finished the last day of work for the year at d&d   tgitldoty 
