93f45ee04d44451009aade4a3c7045cb
morning meeting then out to make that paper
about to go car shopping with the woman! taking the z3 fun fun
had a hard time waking up  hates how there is no sunlight in my room
about to go discing if ya wanna join in the fun text the cell 614-746-8792
chillen over at <propfirst>' house 
ah i see to bad im still a baby
yeah <propmale>!!! rollin like a big shot! chevy tuned up like a nascar pitstop!
about to clean the all the shit out of my car and detail the mofo!!!
chillen like a villian about to go discin i think
going out to work 
bored  cleaning then idk what!
think you can cook? i got a grabling hook  lets make this quick cause im booked!
sitting at home sick  bored!!!!!
chillen out with the <propmale> effect 
watching the game  go bucks!!!!
sooo effin tired nighty night everyone!!
so has anyone heard of this thing on the internets (yeah meaning more than one) called i-doser its pretty crazy  take a look into it 
going to see my baby and get some foods!
finishing up applications to jewlery places and then getting dress to support the tigers!!!!!
worst called game in central history!!!! and why the fuck were we running the damn ball with a <propfemale> on the clock   
bored out of my mind  going to see the girl tonight 
here we go steelers!! let's get another w 
3-2-1 blast off you bastards  spaceship doors my garage is nasa
so fucking bored i hate mondays!!
evebtful day to say the least 
event* my b
another sleepless night! ugh i hate not being able to sleep at all 
getting ready for the sleepy time what movie should i watch? im thinking step brothers 
playing x box
can't sleep watching x-men wolverine with the cousins 
bored going thru and listening to every taking back sunday and from first to last song i can find on my computer
bored as hell! once again 
i hate not being loved by the person i love most 
27 and counting yankees are the shit and will always be the shit!!
if it a broke dont break it!
listening to nirvana's nevermind  prolly the best cd ever!
waiting at home for dad to get home from <propfemale>  
i don't know what to think anymore   sad 
sitten at home bored!
sitting at home  then to pick up the father from work and go get my tags renewed and lisencse cause of the getting older day tomorrow
huh i wonder? how much does zombie brain vomit really burn??
pop punk is dead and hip hop is the way of the future 
i love feeling like pacman eating little magical pills in a dark room that make you eat all the monsters
booked my flight to go down to <propfemale> beach to make some bones!!! never been on an airplane let alone one for business       niiiice?
sitting at the office on the beach!!!! nice
making amazing money down here in <propfemale> beach  and its only the first week   niiiiice
back at the hotel relaxing after a rough start to my day  just keeping the head up and making more money!!
heading to the office to start the grind  need one more job to get my bonus should be easy but i'm gonna e playful ect a rough road 
back at the hotel  im sick of this shitty weather here  its hard to make more money when people feel poopy cause of all the damn snow 
sitting at the office about to start my work day 
"yay, i just got two roofs bought onto number three! two more and i get my fricken bonus    exciting!!"
sitting at the office hoping the rain will hold off 
grrrrr angry face >:z tired of inmature fucking 30 year old that i work with  their fucking up my grind and my money  its all good tho their just upset that a 21 year old young gun is gonna kick their ass in sales 
rain rain go away 
god damn snow fuck you go away
canceling my plane ticket to ohio  no need to go back yet 
yeah the sky is the limit and if you look up high you see that im gonna be in it 
back on the beach and in <propfirst> bum
sleepy time
"big day today smile  collecting two checks, turning in one job, and three inspections  is you rollin'?"
rise and shine and give me my money money
getting ready for an adjuster appointment  about to make mo money woot 
playing xbox at the office? i love my job haha
"put some water on the track, fresh for all his frame wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain cuz the flow is spasmatic what they call insane that aint even a muthafuckin aim i get dough boy and you already know that pimpin 18 how i'm livin young'n show that bentley stunna my <propfemale> so you know that's in me <propfirst> sampson my mentor so don't go there wit me"
at the office  then going out to work 
"at the office, bored as shit, and have nothing to do!"
crazy night! no more going out with the boss he plays to hard for my taste lol
idk what to do anymore with you!
i give up 
time to get on my papa bear shit  and make a lot more pourage  back in this bitch and a lot more <propmale> 
picked up checks today from homeowners and making that money  now its just time to chill  laugh 
longest meeting ever but the morale is up in the office and everything is running smooth
working on all this paperwork that has been piled up and getting the boss organized    he needs it  lol
had sooooo much fun at the beach at midnight running away from the waves! going again tonight 
busy busy day  i got three contract just today tho  i was on a hot streak!!! if i cap these out thats around 3 grand niiiiice
drinking a corona with the boss at the office  i love my job 
slow day today  hopefully i can get more shit started tomorrow
i dont understand you 
stu! stu! i'm fucking a tiger 
about to watch anchorman with my second favorite mexican <propfemale>
talking to the woman on bbm  oh and if you have a blackberry my pin number is 30984c6c add me
sleepy time
the sun is shining its a beautiful day on the beach  
tell me how i successfully got an architectural shingle bought in a wind storm when the shingle has a 130 mph wind rating     to pro as a salesman
tomando cervesa pendahoe!   
waiting at the office for the boss to get here to help me fill out a siding and gutter work order  gonna make a good amount of this job  smile 
hey everyone it hailed in central ohio last night> if you saw it at your house please do me a favor and send me your street name and zip code  it would be a great help 
i be that man on the <propfemale> i'm that man on the <propfemale> and imma do what i do so do you hey hey i be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude i'm that man on the <propfemale> i'm up up on the <propfemale>
long ass drive back to the beach    ill be coming home for good here soon to work niiiice
"crush it up, little bit, roll it up, take a hit  working out in grove city today  signing up more people to meet with their adjusters"
"i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold i'll be fine once i get it, i'll be good "
the game never changes    but the players do
ready for the weekend
hanging out with rakeen  chillen i guess idk whats going on haha
"can't wait to hit the sack  long, long day  relaxing now  smile "
i tripping like jesus in the desert when he fasted
"tonight's your last <propmale> to do exactly what you want to  and this could be my night  this is what makes me feel alive, makes you feel alive"
so i can leave for north <propfemale> anytime now but i dont know if i really want too    lots of money there but no one to talk to or stay here and make hardly shit and have all my friends?
ok everyone i just had my first sweet freestyle with my boys rakeen and <propmale> on wakkas beat that <propmale> killed
good to see people can buy shit for their cars when they owe others money  friends or stuff hmmm? i know where my loyalty is  do you?
slowly starting to pack for nc  im leaving thursday so hit me up before i go so we can <propfemale> out and do whatever 
getting everything ready for the long drive tomorrow to nc    
all packed up and ready for my 7 hours drive tomorrow to nc to work for a few months   
ugh its to early  off to pitch a job at seven in the morning half asleep    wish me luck
"i've got so much to say, i know i've came so far  if you want to understand my swag, then you should just look up in the stars "
woot three inspections today  time to agree on a price with prices with the homeowners and start building some jobs  looking forward to my first check here  it should be niiice   
good work day  time to get more rolling this week  just wondering who my real friends really are 
no work today  its just to poopy of a day here in <propfemale>
working on the compuuuta today  exactimate is friend not foe
at the office doing some estimates  looking forward to that $$$ 
my cousin had a life changing four wheeler accident  please keep him in your prayers and thoughts 
back in <propfemale>  working in manassas
going back to the spot to relax after a long ass day
"just found my gold mine here in <propfemale>  aluminum siding and 30 year roofs all smoked by 3\ hail    stoked"""
had three inspections today and set up two more! about to finish up my last one of the day and then go  home  can't wait to see the family this weekend  pray for cousin <propmale> for a full recovery
fuck dc traffic  this is ridiculous
all-state better put a claim on it!
awesome work day today signed two ppl and got both claim <propfirst>  two signed contracts a day keeps the wallet healthy
loves when people try to make a point by using facebook when they are mad at someone by removing them as a friend  lol grow up
go celtics 
waiting at the vienna metro station for my door knocker  he's set me four more appointments in two days   smile 
picking out siding type color with homeowners today  then we start to build
hoodie ninjas unite
sitting at the base of the lincon memorial getting ready for dcs fireworks
laughing on the inside feels so good
"office, knock-doors, go home, sleep, wake up and repeat!"
"office, phone calls, knock doors, workout, eat, and sleep  routine of champions "
you want sympathy? look? in the dictionary between shit and syphilis! that's where you will find my sympathy 
another job approved around 30000 dollars work of work for the company prolly 7000 for me
bored  i need a new xbox game any suggestions  rpg or shooter please
watching the siding crew finish up for tonight  have to come back tomorrow to finish the gutters and deck  prolly going home soon i'm beat
work is drianing me of all my enegry    but i quit smoking yesterday the nicotine patches give you crazy sweet night terrors 
day three and no smoking even though im cheating with the patch the oral fixation part isnt all that hard to break 
can't find my phone  kinda need that for work  i'd lose my balls if they weren't attached 
counted my patches left and i have 7  that means today was the first week i haven't smoked a single smoke in like i don't even know how long  feel good and full of energy  a notable differance   laugh 
waiting on <propmale> to hit the dc area  i gotta go buy some tarps now to use for some roofs  500 dollars a tarp in my pocket
found three new inspections to do today  big steep nasty mother effers
going to run an inspections with nate here in manassas  then to the store to get some bbq must 
i dont know what to think anymore 
in the office playing with gustavos youngest girl  even she laughs at me when i dance 
just got my new drips x this thing is so nice
off to count up material and put on some gutter guards
home time  building another job in the morning 
off to my build sight 
excited its that special time of the year finally
busy sunday night time
playing ncaa 11
"inspection down, now to my first job of two today, after that into the office to do more paperwork, and last but not the least some <propmale> labor s io can cap out a job"
not to happy today 
just got another job for 28000
finish up on three jobs tomorrow  then  i collect checks 
out at classics 
going to quacker steak for unlimited wings
boring day    hope tomorrow goes better 
final invoicing three jobs today  making customer contact calls  hopefully collect a check or two and cap out these jobs by the end of the week beggining of next week  should be an easy day today 
working on getting an answer from gieko insurance company  quite probable that they are the worst homeowners insurance company ever ever 
really sweet    not really
"october is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  in memory of <propfemale> mccomas (love you grandma)"
signed another build contract today and should be recieving another via fax  found two more customers today as well  good day in the land of the contractor 
<propmale> is fresh off his suspension and one win under his belt  great day 
"the people i've met, and the places i've bern makes me the man i proudly am  - kid cudi"
<propmale> <propfirst>'s    down on the farm 
"just finished watching zombieland  so glad the main character was from <propmale>, oh  that made the movie <propfemale> much better "
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday  thank you so much!!!
here we go steelers!!! you know what it is!! black and yellow!
glad to see the ravens die along with all the other birds in the world right now 
loves going to the bearhouse at five a m 
skrillex last night blew my mind  best show by far  good job <propmale>
just slept from 9 last night til noon  i'm so ready for today to happen
i don't know what to do or say to make you less mad at me  sorry is all i've got right now 
bobs gor breakfast
bobs for breakfast
congrats to my baby sister and the squad for your occ cheer win!
mmm nothing like driving in the rain half blind and half awake 
ready to get home and clean out <propfemale> and maybe give her a bath 
<propfemale> wars on spike! very nice
first night in hawaii! walked the boardwalk  met some of the locals  learning to surf tomorrow 
i sure do enjoy people watching 
listing to the waves crashing  watching the local fisherman cast his lines  missing my baby @<propfemale> cooper 
