cf73ec3c4b26f62c714b21bf6a313aee
happy new years!!!!!!!
feeling great after a 4 mile jog and a 3 mile walk
trying to find some cheerful songs  any suggestions?
trying to find cheerful songs  any suggestions? i like all types so open to all suggestions
anyone know any songs that can make someone sleepy?
"couldnt make it to kickball, got caught up in homework"
going to see the losers at 2:45
"joged home about 2 <propmale>, was awsome"
"cleaning my room, got <propmale> marley playing"
kickball cancled?
"gonna go jogging a few at 3, anyone can join"
"back from my jog walk run, lost my camera during it, really sucks"
"trying to find some songs that are slow and calm, the kind of stuff that saams like it can make you sleepy, any suggestions?"
srry everyone made a mess up with the vid thing
gonna watch the storm instead of a movie
can chocolate appear out of nowhere?
kickball tomorrow?
it their a kickball game today?
gonna go on a few hour walk
gonna be lazy today and love it lol
is there anyone that knows how to make a tie dye shirt that can e playful lain it to me?
might not be able to make kickball this week either
what is the worth of one who lives behind a mask?
"wont be able to make kickball tomorrow, family is going somewhere"
fireworks were awsome!!!! lol
is going to sleep
needs to sleep but cant fall asleep
sounds like a great storm
"whether it be in the moments of great joy, or the moments of deep sorrow, we may neglect to notice the moments of thoes close to us, and that of thoes not so close, and in thoes times we may miss a opportunity to make a diffrence in their lives or share a fond memory in which they can treasure "
i alwase wish i could do more than what i am limited to
happy halloween!!
"god i love seeing her so much, can never help but smile when i do"
"you\\can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will answer no matter \what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your \status and see what questions are asked"
"anyone share any classes?\algebra 2 -1 with samalik\mec cad with uhlmann\psych 2 with tilley\spanish 1-1 with mendoza\team sports with garcia"
snow day tomorrow = awsome
is anyone else thinking of the amount of homework we will be getting now?
today turned out to be a very good day
"<propfemale>, please talk to me again"
"what am i?\what have i become?"
tired of always screwing things up
what are some songs with a happy feeling to them?
"just want to disappear, am constantly screwing up, just keep ruining things, already hate myself i wouldn't be surprised if you hate me as well by now"
"god, <propfemale> i love you so much"
who thinks who will win?
"today was a bad day for my health, but still a mostly great day for everything else"
ended up having a great valentines day  smile 
not looking forward to school tomorrow
"do you remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day      i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !! we no longer do that for   fear    of offending someone !! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone"
"no school tomorrow?\like if you think yes, comment for no"
going to watch 7 smile 5 showing of red riding hood
"i've lost who i am, who i was"
anyone know where i can find a store selling those kind of wristbands that have names or messages on them?
anyone know where i can find a store in bay city selling those kind of wristbands that have names or messages on them?
anyone wanna <propfemale> out and see a movie sometime over the weekend before spring break ends?
"for anyone who wants to go, its gonna be sunday and the movies options are <propfirst> and source code"
of to church
"seeing the movie <propfirst> at 7:10pm sunday, who all wants to join in?"
