8827b240f67ba933e72dffe0b81e3634
"ya know, ppl think holidays are so special, because they only come once a year  truth is, so does every other day of the year! so be happy that your still breat"
ah shit!!!
it's always darkest before the <propfemale>   
got a yamaha 4oowt power mixer for sale  need money to pay off license  $2oo
"cd release show coming up  may 28th  sweet bands, gonna be awesome! only $5, papa <propmale>'s in kzoo, be there mo-fo's!!!!"
"cd's and carnival of chaos, with mushroomhead, mastadon tickets for sale"
get your harvest of souls tickets motha fuckas!  $12 hit me up!
i get it  you've caught the scent of a lesser stag in your nostrils    pity 
soooo siiiiick!!! fuuuuck 
"oh music, if you had a vagina, i'd fuck the shit outta ya!"
looks like good day for swimming  whos down?
"2 weeks till whitechapel, impending doom!!!"
eatin reese puffs! yeah!
got tickets for orbit room nov 6 $12 gonna be a brutal show  u dont wanna miss it!
ready to go home and smoke that mean green nukka!
good morning world  smile 
"got my ticket for whitechapel, impending doom, oceano, i declare war  fuck yes!"
does getting drunk by yourself make you an alcoholic?  i think not!
what did a boob ever do wrong to deserve cancer?  i love tits! why does this happen? wtf?
goin to the show today! yeah!
best concert ive been to in a long ass time! fuckin impending dooooooooooom!
"good weekend, tons of fun! thinkin bout discin to cap it all off "
"gotta stop drinkin, before you can get a hangover "
i heard there's blue grass in kentucky! we shoud check that shit out!
"one door closes, another door closes, and now you're boxed in  end of the line!"
"dont take me with you, cuz i'll get the pussy! haha"
"home sweet home, where i sleep alone  zzzzzzzzzzzz   "
"another day, another concert  yeah!"
"got an extra ticket to the faceless, whos goin?"
playin at the corner bar tonight in kzoo! woo-hoo! whos goin?
planet rock at 4  $5 tix  hit me up!
"anyone wanna buy a washer dryer, or  an ibanez rg  i need money for a car!"
planet rock this friday with national act destrophy  $8
"sirens are goin off, theres a river in my front yard  wish a tornado would wipe out most of this shit town already!"
anyone know a band that wants to play on devils night? need to know asap!
holy piss! ton of shows coming up soon! got tix for harvest of souls still  nov  6th! $12 hit me up soon!!!
"burnt hot dogs, homemade cookies, and beer! lmao"
orbit room in g r  this sat  only a couple tix left!get one today fucker!
its still halloween in grand rapids! harvest of souls at the orbit room tonight!
fn nice day isn't it!?
wanna go disc golfin?
"random thought   if u rape a prostitute, is it really rape, or just shoplifting?"
i got the munchies rreeeal real bad
regurgitated rubber goldfish 
360 triple fakey faceplant stairmaster  i luv ya <propfirst>! never a dull moment! hahaha
"interview for target d c  on mon  this'll be like the 3rd time, hopfully these fuckers hire me finally!"
gonna do the damn thing
"god damn, gotta love friday nights!"
interview at 9 am tommorrow  wooooo hoooooo!!
"1st interview went good, gotta do another soon, then hopefully start workin niggaaaaa "
"hell yea, chicken enchiladas!"
just dropped me a brick  oh yeahhhhhh
buuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
happy turkey day to all! go lions!
higher than giraffe pussy! lmao
holy shiiiiiiit!!!!! gots my job back at tennecco!!! hell yeah!! 1st shift too  start monday 
"beer, hots, avenger club house    good night!"
"butterfly, where are you???"
you can call me dr  unk   get it?
"start work again tomorrow, kinda crappy its on my bday, but glad to be going back!!!"
good day good day
hahaha that event invite that was sent to every fucking person in my friends list is bullshit! not true  good prank though guys! id e playful ect it from yous  ill get ya back fuckers!
"show tonight, work tomorrow, then get drunk!"
"woooooo weeeeeeee, shouldnt have wrestled that bear lastnight "
"ready for practice tonight, finish the week of work, then 10 mu fuckin days off! yea!"
11 days off starting    now!
"i wish my lawn was emo, so it would cut itself   "
gettin some ink sunday!!! hells yea!
"twas the night before xmas, and all through the house, every creature was drinking, and <propfirst> fucked a mouse   nuff said  hahaha <propfemale> easter everybody!"
happy bday jesus  <propfemale> axe-mas to my fellow shred heads!
ooh it feels so good! gettin ink'd!
hit me if u have my # ppl  all my contacts were erased  need em back!
iiiiiit's wednesday!  
"so i had this dream a couple nights ago  their were cows floating through the air, doing frontflips  mooooooo, moooooooo   and then i woke up laughing  f* weird   "
so happy 2010 is over after 2day! what a year of b s !!! starting fresh this year in a few different aspects   lots to look forward to 
wish you were here   
"gonna start a pedal moped gang, and our hand sign will be the dbl shocker! who wants in? hahahaaa"
music is my wife!
anybody wanna buy my food stamps? dont need em  2 for 1 
whats goin on tonight ppl?
<propfemale> make a da world go round   hahahahaa
ugh   
"its not chicks with dicks, its dudes with tits!"
damnit!!!
"anybody wanna buy an ibanez rg? good gtr!, but i play 7string now so i dont really play it anymore "
"o hells yea! steelers won, bears won  now patriots gotta lose hahaaa  go jets!"
"feeling strong in the pimp hand, bout to slap the shit out of someone!!!"
i hate training idiots how to work!
you want sympathy? look in the dictionary between shit and syphillis  lmfao! <propmale> payne rules!
brutal strudel  breakfast for metal heads 
"if we dont battle to the death, theyyy will kill us both  cable guy!"
"i'll tell you who took them lunches, that damn sasquatch!"
drunk happens   
hitts'burgh steelers biotch!
you know six was scared of seven because it eight nine?
ihc with all shall perish this sat  at harpos 15$ get at me for tix!!!
ihc with all shall perish this sat  26th at harpos! 15$ hit me up for tix muh fuckaaaaaas
"all shall perish, kataklysm, ihc and more at harpos sat  the 26th  15$ hit us up for tix!!"
two b's and a d makes a cj
fuuuuuuuuuuuck!
ready for spring 
headed to detroit to play a show mu fuckaaaaaaas!
"go to ill hollow chamber <propfemale> and vote for us to be on warped tour this year! go, now, do it do it!"
"maaan fuck! this state! cocksucking asswholes, i do not owe u a responsibility fee! bastards  "
"life sucks, throw a disc!  wink "
"got a new lil toy that i cant stop fingering, and she's a hellraiser!"
"you know in some cultures they only eat vomit  i've never been there, but i read about it    in a book "
"i'm on my way down now, i wanna take you with me   "
practice tonight and a show papa petes in kzoo tomorrow! o yea!
butter knife fight
