dcc5bba3f0b49e13afa20ae7e6183189
13 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  joyful  cant wait to see you!!!!!!!!!!!!
 love   love   love   love   love   love   love  wuuuvvv you  love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
life is like a taxi  the meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still 
ahhh!!  joyful  wuv you! i  love  u llots  love   love   love   love 
"nobody gets to live life backward  look ahead, that is where your future lies     --<propfemale> landers"
ahh! well i miss him already!!!!! cant wait till saturday! and im still soooooo very excited for nest wednesday!! ahhhhh!!
im soooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooo sooooooooooo excited!!!! ah!!!!!!!!  joyful 
but you can set sail to the west if you want to and past the horizon till i can't even see you far from here where the beaches are wide just leave me your wake to remember you by   if you be my <propfemale> i'll be your sky you can hide underneath me and come out
"so take my hand, may i have this last dance? cuz its raining outside and we don't live forever, so take my hand   "
    
i miss boyfriend  joyful  cant wait till saturday
trying to pretend that everything is gonna be okay     crying 
why do i try? because i can  why don't i give up? because i dont have to  why do i keep a smile on my face when i feel sad? i really have no idea    smile  but it helps sometimes   
i’m on the brink of disaster starin’ down the consequences so brake hard we’ll be better tonight i’ll do what it takes to fail
trying to figure it out  you wanna reach out  you wanna give in  your head's wrapped around what's around the next bend  you wish you could find some<propfemale>ng warm  'cause you're shivering cold  it's the first <propfemale>ng you see as you open your eyes  the last <propfemale>
another day     crying 
"oh, we can't make up for the lost times that we both apologize for and i can't stand the fact that this extremity is the centre of my day you're the centre of my day oh, mondays i sleep away tuesdays i lay awake wednesdays are the worst whoa, thursdays i reminisce friday, i see your face and i can't breathe although the distance is daring, i sure know what it's like to be alone "
"ipod! n homework sort of    eh heh okay you caught me, not really doing homework   "
"okay okay im thinking that im gonna skip the whole \homework\"" thing    again haha  playful  there are just to many non-homeworky things to do!! like playing with sidewalk chalk! bah hah there is no room for homework when youve got a bucket of chalk and an imagination!!!"""
oh yeah thats right! i got 13 bucks!! woo!  smile  partayyy!!
"eeeeeek!  playful  i wonder who invented sticky notes   were they just randomly like \hey! lets make little paper squares that are sticky and then people can write on them to remember stuff!\"" what the???!!??!?! like seriously how random is that??"""
take me under your wing tonight make me so perfect in your eyes hold on cause it will be alright you're not alone please help me get from worse to better before these tears soak through this lonely sweater and let me know that i'm alright i still have one strike of this match left and i'm holding on to my last breath and its getting a little dark around to see here
is lonely     crying 
"you pulled a part of me i could never understand crashing to your side and your breaking up this silence never to again let my courage fall  you try for every moment, walking hand in hand  so encouraging  i’m continually coming, time and time again for anything you say now  for anything you say now "
i want a pack of psycho nocturnal rabid squirrels!!! ^-^ it just seems like they would be so fun play with     hahahahahahahah
tough day   
just got back from hikin   i had sooo much fun! (wooo) ill post pictures later  playful 
was soooo happy when they played pacific lights at the dance tonight!!!! ^-^
off to church! had a blast at the dance last night  laugh 
everyone check out my chalk album its hiliarium!!! ^-^
bad day    but i finished a book and started a charcoal drawing  that part wasnt so bad    woo
bleh this ocean coldness thing is killin me! 9 days till utah!!! ^-^
"y-e-s! okay i have to brag because this absolutely never happens to me but    i  aced my chem test!! and!!!(prepare to be surprised) my trig test!! i know i know its close to impossible for me but, that just goes to show that you dont have to study to be a complete genius!! ^-^ like me!!  playful "
"okay okay if you had to be stuck in a gumball machine for the rest of your life, then where would you want that gumball machine to be located???????? ^-^ and what flavor gumball would you choose to be???????"
serious question of the day: how many of my buddees are genuinly excited about my visit to utah in 4 days!?! ^-^
had zee most amazing weekend wif me bestest friend <propfemale>!! and especially wif <propfirst>!!  love 
ah hah haha    monkeys hahahahahah  smile ))))
i dropped my phone in a smoothie yesterday     annoyed  its all sticky
is ready for a drastic change  playful 
"we've got all night just to make it all right  would you take a walk with me?  i'll give you all i've got just spare me your time  and i promise you won't want to leave  are you, are you falling for me?  this time, we'll find what we both need  there's an old oak tree  we can swing and sway  we'll lock arms and legs when i look at you  you're so far away  oh so far away  oh if you could you just let go   "
pain is only weakness leaving the body  
"write me down, i am the words: falling apart  take this broken world off of my heart  so i stumble down into the room where the templates are made  and you show me that somehow i can change these days  you pulled a part of me i could never understand crashing to your side and your breaking up this silence never to again let my courage fall "
hmmm im thinking that i need some bubble gum      laugh 
i will solve your mystery and make it ancient history some guys try to hide the way they feel  and sometimes it takes someone to break the seal u can't negotiate a one-way deal  nothin from nothin gets u nothin at all i'll wait i've got the <propfemale> of a saint i just don't want u to hesitate cause you don't ever wanna mess with fate nothing from nothing gets you nothing at all  there's no rhyme and there's no reason
i'm tongue tied and terrified of what i'll say but i never told you everything  i'm losing hope and fading dreams and every single memory along the way
throwing up is not the best e playful erience in the world  annoyed  ill just leave it at that!
okay okay random question of the day: why are boxing rings square shaped??
ready to party!  playful 
hmmm contemplating how much money it would cost me to hire a hitman!  annoyed  hahaha
ahhhh! i love cheesy horror movies on halloween  annoyed  hahaha eeeek im sooo giggly ah hahhah ahah  playful  it must be a sugar rush???  playful 
ready for sketching!! haha <propfirst> im sooo excited!
im thinking of taking photos today  smile 
okay im avoiding the inevitable  i need to go do homework  annoyed  ugh i know i know it pains me too!!
sometimes i just really hate life      annoyed   i need help cheering up  seriously 
haha excited to see pacific lights on the 20th!  playful 
"feels like a bomb going off in my conscious  and i feel it again, i think it's coming again how can i run away from all of the sadness? when no ones around to tell me where to begin  these steps i climb up so hard  your voice will hit me so hard  because of you  it's always because of you  i can't <propfemale> this all, i can't <propfemale> this on my own tell me what did i do wrong? 'cause i don't remember anything"
am i right where i need to be or is this another distraction is this how i'm supposed to feel i've been trying to let go is there a change you need to see or is this another disaster tell me how i'm supposed to feel i've been trying to let go
 love        butterflies
ugh that 3 hours of sleep last night has done me nooo good  annoyed 
things are so messed up sometimes  hm 
wow <propfirst> de <propfirst>! dont you love it when you dont get something that is completely simple! and then 10 minutes later it makes perfect sense but when you laugh about it your friends make fun of you!!! gosh moments like these    hahaha
question of my life: why???
being inspired by amazing music  laugh 
" annoyed  bleh  so she was like \ahh\"" and i was like \""eeek\"" and we were like \""ahahahahahaha\"""""
okay what am i doing here at 5 in the morning   i didnt even have any caffeine!! gosh!! hahaha <propfemale> is here too ^-^ we are lame like that! huh sis  playful 
am i right where i need to be  or is this another distraction  is this how i'm supposed to feel  i've been trying to let go  is there a change you need to see  or is this another disaster  tell me how i'm supposed to feel  i've been trying to let go 
took some project pictures today! ^-^ haha i was feelin sort of planty   hahah pics to be posted when i feel like it!! so   soon! but later!  playful 
"random fact that i learned today: my brothers favorite tv show is icarly hahahahaha i know, i know, i had that same reaction! what the!  annoyed   haha he is so cool"
hahaha can someone pleeeeaaasse tell me how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop?!?!  annoyed 
"you and i left our troubles far behind but i still have just one more question on my mind for all my pals who live in the oceans and the seas with friends like these well, who needs enemies?"
utah in one week!!! i cant wait! ^-^ ugh but being sick really sucks!!  annoyed 
"and if you slow down could it ever be this fun? in a small town with no where else to run give it time, figure it out get in line, and narrow it down youd go farther then you ever thought you could"
"okay everyone, when i die, be sure to put on my tombstone that it was all devins fault!  playful "
"knock, knock who's there? adolf  adolf who? <propmale> ball hit me in de mowf  dat's why i dawk dis way "
smile  smile 
*crosses fingers*
hmmm just dyed my hair!  annoyed  its not as drastic as i was wanting (ahem mom!  annoyed ) but it will suffice  joyful 
music  love  music  love  music can get you through anything!
circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth if my heart was a compass you'd be north risk it all cause i'll catch you if you fall wherever you go if my heart was a house you'd be home
"live for today, we'll dream tomorrow  we've got big plans in sight  we'll take this city, and by nightfall  the bright lights are calling  everything is going our way"
"the truth is, if all my friends did jump off of a bridge chances are i would too  playful  hahaha im dumb like that"
last year seems so distant  yet so    not 
*sigh*  annoyed  not such a great day
dont you love it when you listen to music so loudly that when you turn it off your head just spins!?!  joyful 
my best friend is 17! woo! such a fun day!!!!!  joyful 
first day at a new school: hmmm interesting  playful 
<propfemale> <propfemale> high on life  playful 
and i finally found that life goes on without you  and my world still turns when you're not around
just discovered such a great song  smile 
hmmm i am thinking that i want to do a photoshoot sometime soon  playful  anyone intrested in being a model for a day??  laugh 
la la la im really  bored  smile 
<propfemale> is dying my hair! woo  smile 
ugh     crying 
this is our last goodnight say what you will say all that you can this is our last goodbye this is where love ends
wow-ness this morning was pretty adventurous!  playful 
"ahhh homework, gym, footsal, more homework, im so tired  playful "
battle of the bands tonight! ahhh so excited  playful  anyone who wants to drive up definately should  smile 
"<propfemale> we tore it up at battle of the bands last night, enough said  proving ground is amazing  joyful  yes!"
ahhhh  annoyed  its been 4 hours and i stil have sooooo many pictures to go through!   sad 
battle of the bands round 2 on saturday!!!!  joyful  everyone should come see how awesome proving ground is  playful 
pretty much loving life right now  smile 
battle of the bands round 2 tomorrow!!!!  joyful  everyone should come see how awesome proving ground is  playful 
amazing day today? i think yes!  playful 
i love it when my bank account randomly and mysteriously fills up with money!!! eeeeeeek  joyful  i love my parents  love 
"proving ground i love you boys!  playful  you sure know how to make your sappy manager super proud  laugh  you didnt need to win to prove how amazing you are because i know that anyways! we will get them next time! barrus, turner, langford, and peper you guys are my heroes  smile "
oh those moments where as hard as you try you cant fall asleep  annoyed  lame    !!!!
note to self: smile!  smile 
and this is why most kids hate high school 
"forgive and forget, right? right "
stay out all night  forget tomorrow  lets you and me  make a night of it  old enough to know  but too young to care  playful 
"ah hah hah okay <propfirst> and <propfirst>, you boys make me laugh  playful "
and the caffeine always decides to kick in at the opportune moment    not  playful  great  now im wired  just perfect 
cant sleep   annoyed 
hahahaha nothing beats me and the techno twin getting to the point of randomness that we make scones at 3 in the morning and laugh at everything humanly possible no matter how ridiculously un-funny it is ah hah hah good times good times  playful 
hahaha okay   roxberry wiz best friend? check  trash jeffs room? check  kims house? check  movies wiz <propmale>? check  funny inside jokes? check  blue juice! (tee <propfemale>) check! haha good day today? check plus
life is good  joyful  so smile
i feel like i just got slapped in the face 
hahahahaha i bet you cant guess why im smiling  smile 
is having one of those cliche moments where she is contemplating how cute it would be to kiss in this crazy snowfall  smile  hmmmm
my day was amazing! and i cant stop smiling        smile 
lacrosse today was crazy   but it was legit ^-^ fun day
"\life sucks when your a vacuum cleaner!!!!\"" \""bahahahahahaha\"" *gonk* good times """
its funny what suddenly becomes interesting when your bored!!  playful 
wondering why im wasting my time 
"well if throwing up in <propmale> taco wasnt just great then ill definately have to go with accidently slapping <propfirst> in the face, or playing the random game, or throwing ice game, or the lion lion tamer game, or bloody knuckles, or random voice cracks, or maybe snowball fights  hmm  ridiculous "
"when life sucks all you can do is laugh it off and hope it gets better, eventually it will "
"ooh on the brighter side, i finished a song today  smile  i cant wait to go over it with kimball and write zee music ^-^"
registering for senior year makes me feel old      sad 
i'm calling all the time i know i interrupt  it hurts when all i hear is you hanging up  and  la da da da da da da   i wont try that again
"kinda having one of those bad moods that dont get better until i hear his voice   buhhh thats great, just great   sad "
mmmmm i love libraries ^-^
"it seems to me i've heard that song before it's from an old familiar score i know it well, that <propfemale>  "
nothing beats an amazing and beautiful rainy day like this one  smile 
"let's spend tonight on top of the world and we can do anything, we can be anything i'll meet you tonight on top of the world as real as it seems, you're only in my dreams"
"chemistry test, precalculus test, and a history test to top it all off  annoyed  pretty safe to say my day sucked  sad "
"i think that we've got what it takes, to get this heart start beating again  so take it all the way  whoa, whoa  and our hearts are on the everglow  so just let go and fall into it "
" smile  ?pu?? ?? uo ??,no?  ¿?????s ? ???? ?uu??"
 smile  p??o? ?p?? ??o?? ??? u? pu???? ?s??s?q ?? s? ??s  ?????? ??? ?o ??? ???? ???????? s??o?
is having one of those near perfect days where you dont need anyone anything and everything works out perfect anyways  smile  what a great day  smile 
stressed out    feverish  angry   ugh today was not so great  annoyed 
*butterflies   *  smile 
okay    count to three! ^-^
"here's a night, and it shines  and it calls us on and on  so be here by my side, and watch the stars  they're ours  make a wish or just take charge  the moment comes get lost and go far  i think that we've got what it takes, to get this heart start beating again "
hmmmmm track 13  laugh 
can today get anymore beautiful?!?! ahhh  smile 
talk about good times with your best freind  smile 
la la la he's on my mind     playful 
" smile  okay lo, stop smiling like a goofball     smile "
mi fai sentire come <propfemale> principessa!
are you out there?? when the rainy days begin to feel rather sad    smile 
how am i supposed to sleep with all of these butterflies floating around me!?  laugh 
never fully appreciated how much fun it is to catch giant snowflakes on the tip of her nose  smile 
"when you looked me in the eye, were you telling the truth about the way you feel tonight?"
9 days with out him!!!  sad  ahhhh! *sigh*
hmmmm  smile  im pretty much up in the stars right now  smile  lets hope tha feeling lasts for a while! im thinking that today i need to go to the beach  playful 
hmmm     love 
wow  smile  had a great time in san <propfemale> yesterday  playful  oooh cant forget about the cake in face  & shopping!  laugh  plus mucho picture taking & embarassing moments being caught on film  (woo) zen today wiz zee beach  smile  followed by a surprise party for me! ahh & then <propfemale> swordchopped my favorite balloon with a bamboo stick  (jeez!!)    & zat vwaz followed by some movies & texting my favorite ppl    smile  phew    the end
ahhh save me  sad 
*sigh*
okay  smile  my pretty-much-annoyed-with-everything-and-everyone-really-not-going-right-horrible day got turned around after 3rd period    smile  just sayin  laugh 
"whenever our eyes meet, my heart beats just a little faster  whenever i see you staring at me, my head spins just a little quicker  whenever i talk to you, my world gets just a little brighter  when i hear your laughter, my grin gets just a little bigger  i try not to let on, but i still blush when i see you  & that’s alright by me!  smile "
"i'm taking a <propmale>, this could be different  this could be all i'm waiting for  taking a <propmale>, this could be different  this could be all i'm waiting for     smile "
"thanks everyone for making my birthday so awesome!!!!  smile  ive had an amazing week  smile  (<propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> deserve special thanks  smile )  haha  weird   im 17!  laugh "
just saw <propfirst> in wal-mart!!!!!!!  playful  haha that is lo's random coincidence of the day!
just had the greatest date of my life     smile 
wants to go to fiji     wink 
ahhhh     love  yomm
just thought they needed to know that it was inappropriate to dump there     smile  hhahahaha
had a fun time climbing rocks with techno twin today!! besides the fact that every single rock was out to get me!! ouch? ouch  ohh! and snoasis!! (thanks <propfirst>) ohh! and costa <propfemale> with 2 of my top favorite boys! all i have to say is: <propmale>
easily one of the greatest nights ever smile  a real adventure  smile 
ahh    can life possibly get any better?!?!  smile 
it is officially declared that may 22nd 2010 has been the best day of my life so far  smile  absolute best day of the 17 years of my existence  smile 
"is it possible to have so many amazing days in a row???  smile  (yes, it is   laugh )"
"okay okay okay    with pressure from dallin and patrickson, i am officially going to finish editing their park pictures! sheesh  playful "
*sigh* way to fall asleep and leave me hanging!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh     just  uhh         crying 
hiommatt! itiailwgt!
"\ you consider me a friend?\""\",dcc5bba3f0b49e13afa20ae7e6183189,just had an absoulutely perfect day!!!  smile 
my camera is fixed and i'm realizing that i haven't done a photoshoot in sooooooooo long!! any takers???  smile  it comes with free hair and makeup services  smile 
strawberry flavored now and laters are yummy  smile 
"'cause you are not alone \i'm always there with you\and we'll get lost together\until the light comes pouring through\it's when you feel like you're done\and the darkness has won\babe, you're not lost\when your world's crashing down\and you can't bear the cross\i said, babe, you're not lost"
"so hm tuesday  wtf mate? sheesh <propmale> took my ipod! right-o  <propfirst> is eh worrkinng you might say, who knows where dallin is! hm <propfirst> is at efy, *peeww* <propmale> needs to answer her phone, <propfemale> is eh with ppl from zee state of florida, <propfirst> is in draper, <propmale> is texting me, so ruling out the ice caps melting, meteors becoming crashed into us, and the sun e playful loding, i basically have no one to <propfemale> with right now  playful "
hey everyone! my phone broke and i lost all your <propfirst>! my new number is 801-837-9893! text me and i'll save your number  smile 
ahh  sad      just     ah  crying 
i miss my life!!!!!  sad 
vanilla tootsie rolls  smile  mmmhmm
grrr   what a great day!  smile   <-------sarcastic 
we now have a movie theater in our front room!!!! ahhh!!! haha  laugh 
shvimming? alrighty then
i love the word fantastic  it is a good word you might say     laugh 
so  hmmmm   uhmmmm    grrrrrrr       i am a jumble
monterey today? i am thinking thats a yessir  hmmmm wharf? sounds good  aquarium? check  alrighty today might just turn out interesting  smile 
going to go running with my sisters i think    then swimming! woot! haha
"watch out utah, in 21 days your worst nightmare is coming home  smile "
smile smile smiling really big right now  smile  today hmmm   it actually wasnt really that great but luckily i have a best friend who makes my days great even when they are not so great   hmmm that made no sense at all   bah hah hah whatever thanks for always being there  smile 
hmmm not exactly what i e playful ected   
grrrrr im so stressed for tomorrow    ugh    seriously  maybe i should have just stayed at girls camp for another week!
worst day ever  woo 
okay so basically    5 more days until i come home!! phew after two months i was really starting to miss utah! weird i know   but weird is my specialty <---- that word looks super wierd!!! ahhhh!!!!
met three interesting guys today      wink 
"i got turned into a <propfemale> yesterday and i met a lover and a cracker!  wink  (there <propmale>, feel free to comment!  playful )"
big day tomorrow    smile 
fun day  smile  and that is a total understatement    
"so there is this stud, right?   and he is kind of funny     laugh  just thought i would throw that out there that there are these funny studs all over the place"
"ughh    i am sick  sad  yuck! but the first week of school went well!!!!!! i honestly think that i have a friend in every class!!!! hmmm let's see    a1-paigery  a2-mitch and dal  a3-jord  smile  a4-okay okay, nobody in this one  b1-patrick and <propfirst>  b2-brady and dal  b3- dal  b4- paigery  yes  school is gonna be interesting this year  wink "
so   why am i thinking about college already? this is so not fair  i dont wanna grow up! sheesh where is the pause button?? did i just not come with one?
went and saw tuesdays with morrie!!! ahhh  smile  very good day! change that to amazing day  smile 
"if i had any words to describe how happy i am then i would use them     smile  today, was a great day "
"well this sucks    i get to miss school today but i'm totally wishing i were there    sad  i must really be a nerd, or maybe i'm just really missing my favorite class  annoyed  maybe i can sneak home on time for english  smile  yeah, good plan  sorry for totally ditching <propfemale>, dal, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!  sad  i love you guys  smile "
had a ton of fun last night  smile   smile   smile 
oh how i love that man!!  smile 
mildly annoyed at the unnecessary dramatics if some people     psh what ev!!! anyways!!! so just so everyone knows (<propfirst> an <propfirst> especially) i'm gonna need a seriously voice coach if we are gonna pull this off     smile  we will see what happens  smile 
i am so excited for homecoming!!!!!!  smile 
"that's it! it has been decided that i am definitely gonna break out my camera, dust it off, and make time for a photo-shoot  who will be my victim?????  wink "
i close tonight    great  school will be a blast tomorrow   forgive me if im a little cranky in the morning!!!  annoyed 
"gave <propfirst> a ponytail yesterday, pretty funny  smile  it looked like he had a rat tail!"
"oh, hello good grades! i havent seen you for a while!!!  wink  nice to have you a's around  smile "
"having one of those perfect moments where life is bliss and nothing can go wrong     smile  'dont be scared it's only love, baby that we're falling in   '"
shut the front door!!!!!!
lifehouse concert was   amazing  smile  ahhh words cannot describe  smile  ahhhhh lifehouse!!! so sweet  smile  also saw <propfemale> bernal and <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile  shweet day
"i woke up this morning\don't know where i'm going \but it's alright \i wouldn't have it any other way \if this was any other day \i pretend to know where i stand \i just don't know (just don't know) \i just don't know"
is thinking if how great her song will be a soon as <propfirst> connors helps her tweak it  smile  <propfirst>'s music skills will definitely rub off on it  smile 
"i am here still waiting though i still have my doubts\i am damaged at best, like you've already figured out\i'm falling apart, i'm barely breathing\with a broken heart that's still beating\in the pain, there is healing\in your name i find meaning\so i'm holdin' on, i'm holdin' on, i'm holdin' on\i'm barely holdin' on to you"
is very very very very happpy  smile  yikes its near insane
slightly grumpy    not looking forward to work  or the rest of my day  or the rest of the weekend 
wow last night was the worst    maybe it will be a good thing to get away for a few weeks   
how to train your dragon has got to be my very favorite movie ^-^
looks like i get to spend new years <propfemale> without the other half of my dynamic duo  annoyed 
wow  just got 41 songs worth of new music  smile  life is good! i sure wont be bored for a while
i'm ready to seriously dust off my camera  smile  i'm feeling a photo shoot tomorrow  smile 
preference  smile  perfection  smile  pure perfection 
blogging is harder than i thought     sad 
loves getting spoiled every once and a while  smile 
grrrrrrrr  stands for grrrrrrrrrouchy  grrrrrumpy  gggggrrrrrrotesque  and gggggrrrrreeaaat  so when i say grrr  its really impossible for you to know what im saying  smile  jsykmpily
had a great day with my best friend  smile  great to know that georger will rock out to insane music in my truck with me  smile  love him like a puppy!
i heard birds chirping outside my window this morning  smile  now the leaves just have to reappear and i'll be happy  smile 
bar har har  smile  had sho much fun having an office marathon wiz <propfemale> and <propfirst>! then wendys! and zen me and my bestest fwend <propfemale> went to a wedding and had way to much coke! ahhhhhh! bzzzzt!
i'm a night owl!  smile 
had so much fun talking about life with bronte mccullough today  wasting gas was never so entertaining! 4 hours well spent! p s  i love my best friend <propfemale> mcwhorter! adapt!!
"the moment has come to face the truth\i'm wide awake, and so are you\do you have a clue what this is?\are you everything that i miss? \we'll just have to wait and see\if things go right we're meant to be\the surface is gone, we scratched it off\we made some plans, and let them go\do you have the slightest idea\why the world is bright with you here? \stay a while and wait and see\if things go right we're meant to be"
i officially am wanting a studio <propfemale> for my birthday  smile  just so that everyone that loves me knows  wink 
taking my moms suggestion to start posting prompts from my creative writing blog  smile 
"dear me,u had really rough day today u cried wasted tons of gas almost crashed ur truck(oops)cried some more(parked this time)missed ur family felt stressed then decided to go to the movies alone u felt like a loser, but it actually turned out to be really relaxing u calmed down your over-dramatic, emotional self & u realized that maybe being alone sometimes isnt so bad im glad u r feeling better sincerely,yourself "
purchased my prom dress today  smile  and have a fitting tomorrow after school! ahhh  smile  good day
