cffeed2ca4ef58aa25e09b5ae7b1abab
finally made a decision on law school! <propmale> here we come    the scholarship was just too good to pass up  we will be moving in 4 weeks 
"an invitation- if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i (keep clean please or if it is too e playful licit write it in my in box!)  when finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surpri"
our stuff is already on it's way to fl  we fly out of vegas 2moro at 4 surprise 0 
"had to get stitches yesterday, and i am soooooo sick of unpacking "
is heading to the tampa bay rays game! 3rd row right behind the rays dugout  can't beat that!
the only hope for the mwc is tcu now 
correction www theforestlab com
go angels!
i have two spots left in my fantasy basketball league  we are drafting this sunday  anybody wanna join?
c'mon angels! it's only 3 in a row against the yankees 
"angels, only 2 more games to go "
just got back from the magic game 
"finals are officially over! one semester down, five to go  it feels good to finally get a break "
just got back from seeing turley play down at slingapour's  what a great show! hope all goes well on his tour  he is playing in miami beach on friday night with <propfirst> foxx 
it's official  i am finally starting my appellate brief  0 pages down; 25 pages to go 
lakers
my last final for the year is tomorrow morning at 9 surprise 0am  at noon i will be 1 3 of the way done with law school      i have a long way to go  gl to all my fellow 1l's 
"finally booked our flights to europe! 05 29 - 06 29 (hoping to visit madrid, barcelona, <propfirst>, rome, & london) "
relaxing in escorial madrid tonight  barcelona and <propfemale> were great! now off to <propfirst> tomorrow 
thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes 
how come my professor does not realize that e playful ress authority & actual authority are the same thing?
going to the magic v  jazz game tonight! thanks <propfirst> spoliansky for the tickets!
