6f995a2d533bfac9e8bbd16d9445e353
"awesome new year   honestly, the best ever  drank alot, but not even a little hungover  thanks baby!!"
despises her phone 
eww    <propfemale>    lol
"blink 182 in like, twenty days!! sweet  takin' the girl with me, it's gonna be dope "
"only 19 days, and about 20 hours!!"
"so, finally done training at panera, and then i get one day  one damn day  this is really    annoying "
ahh!!! woo!!! i can't talk!! loved the concert  my head is killing me though  night all 
"sweet day, tried  some new things  turned out pretty cool "
"today, was kinda strange  good day with nikkii, work was  allright, but then i just got blown off by a good friend of mine    whatev, more time with nikkii tomorrow!!"
annoyed
tonight sucked again  more wasted opportunities 
"completely unsettled and angry as hell  somebody piss me off, i want a fight "
"last night i couldn't have slept if my life depended on it  text me (925)752-0294  i have the feeling, i'm gonna be bored today "
pretty good day today  tomorrow's gonna be very long 
"so today was kind of a let down at the end  up until four was great, then it was downhill til now  f**k "
i need a cosigner to get me a newer-ish car  any takers?
so totally right  no takers on the cosigner deal  but    i was right  c:
"wow  screw you guys too, thanks for getting back to me "
"i need: a haircut, laser eye corrective surgery, 2200 dollars, and a better job(or at least learn to budget) "
"gonna save up money to buy my honda civic, then i'm gonna pimp it out  i need $2200, and my birthday is next month  guess what i want? $$$"
hey  my texting group has recently shrunk  send me your number  or text me at (925) 752-0294  ninetwofivesevenfivetwoohtwoninefour 
can't sleep  watchin angel 
sigh  i hate people  and plans 
"got a big 'ol check from panera today  $300+ i was e playful ecting $150, lol "
?
"i'm hungry  somebody feed me  n <propfemale>, you're a jerk, lol  ?"
disgusting is such an ugly word  averse is much better  what's done is done 
"hates it when people try n blame me for shit i didn't do  gonna be a long ass work week  hit me up, we can kick it in my limited free time  i'm outtie, lol "
(734): so he said if we had sex he'd take me to build a bear  my virginity is so worth a trip to build a bear   (810): you're 20  (734): it's build a bear! textsfromlastnight com--- epic 
"(843): the red head has a bf (1-843): just because there's a goalie doesn't mean u can't score---words to live by, lol"
"(336): walked into a party last night, i saw 3 ex gfs standing in a circle talking to each other   that's the quickest u-turn i've ever made in my life  -----that's scary, lol "
fuckkk     my head hurts  i think i'm gonna take some tylenol n crash  nite all  hope u had a better nite than me 
"gimme tattoo ideas for this phrase, \all we have is now \"" go """
"benched 140, 7 times today  2 more reps than last time  getting better  smile "
"so, i've had a bombass last couple of days  love it when my baby's happy "
"so    i'm sorry, i didn't mean to offend  i didn't realize the results would be this catastrophic  i really am sorry "
"missin my baby, n severely disliking familial rules "
"new pics of me n my dorky gf  finally, lol "
fuck today  fuck it 
"how did we meet? comment on this post with how we met  everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends"
"really not lookin forward to work today, wish i culda seen my love "
"pretty dope ass night  work sucked but my baby helped me forget all about it, thanks love "
so    i dont even know wat to say about today 
"lovin my excercise program, my new apartment, and my girl  it's been a good day "
"dope ass nite, work fuckin blew n i gotta get up at eight tomorrow to repeat it, but time with my baby was awesome "
been awhile since i updated my facebook  oh y'all doin?
almost all my hair's gone and i kindof miss it 
"finally off work, lookin' forward to havin' tomorrow off with my girlie "
"i'm still  awake  i really need to get back on a normal sleeping schedule  oh, and my knife broke  sad  stupid spring   "
"got my subs hooked up finally, just need to hide a few wires  and i'm feeling better "
anybody looking to buy a car?
hey anybody want a custom built completely dope trunk hit me up  i'm tryin to make a business out of it 
anybody know anybody who's hiring?
"so  i just saw a commercial for the new power rangers, what the hell happened?"
"so, how do you guys like my new profile pic?"
"change your facebook status to your debit card number and pin, and invite yourfriends to do the same  until friday of this week, i hope to see nothing but <propfirst> next to your name  this is to raise awareness of identity theft, a great cause\lmao"
if you could describe me in 1 word what would it be?
inbox me a number 1-143 and i'll tell you what i think about you on my status  no one will know who i'm talkin about because i'ma use ur number 
"so what should my new tattoo be, gimme some ideas "
so  i'm moving to mo on the 16th  hit me up to kick it before i go!
"  let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabeth\<propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a\55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything,\yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of\    marriage?? really? really      ?? repost    "
"god, i'm tired, hopefully tomorrow turns out ok "
"i cant sleep, my arm is killin me "
"so, i'm in missouri, and so far i like it "
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me \[like] this status if i'm a good friend \[message] me if you ever wanted a relationship \[comment] on this if we had any great memories \if you feel brave, copy this and post it on your status"
"wish me luck on my job hunt, i'm gonnna need it "
"i think people should be happy with what they have in life instead of always craving more  i mean, look around you, there's plenty of people who are worse off "
other people need to live their life and not care so much about what other people have to say 
"so i get to say that i've lived through a blizzard, and an ice storm and it was supposedly the worst since 1912  go me lol"
