3ce28fee36d66c0e6697bfcb55f25239
djing karaoke tonight at the karib tonight drop by and see
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes     cell is good
heading to hg for concert before work tonight
between rain and everything else today was kind of a flop for corn chopping
lets see my body wants to go to bed but my mind says go go go
work till sunday then unknown
at home tonight and start my day early tommorow
what a night i had last night     dance with a wonderful girl and then had a good night at work
away from computer for a few    hit cell if need to reach me
back and chilling at home watching tv and messing around on my computer
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!
so does anyone know how much snow we are suppose to get out of this little storm!?!?!?
"go to urbandictionary com, and type in your first name  copy & paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
well     what to say what to say!!! had a wonderful night and ready for another night with ms  wonderful
cant wait till tuesday    hangout with dad and see my lady all in one day    life is great
missing my baby     wishing she was here or i was there     wait i will be there tommorow
got to have lunch with my baby     missing her really bad right now!!!
it's friday  two more nights of work to go!!!
waiting for u!!!
talking with my girl and loving every minute of it
if u open the door at least close the window
why does 7 days seem to go by so fast when you are by my side!?!?!?!?!
just left my girl and now the sun comes out
is it sad if u just left someone and u want to drive 2 hours to see her again
another amazing weekend with my baby      going to be tough sleeping with you not by my side    
in vergennes doing everything and anything
i have another interview this afternoon  how many do i have to do before a company offers me a job?
"after awhile of job searching and interviews after interviews, i finally got a call from twincraft   who is the new twincraft employee     ? me!!!"
last day of work for this week    i think i am going to miss this place 
up north again and chilling for the weekend
is it me or does the sun only come out when people are working inside?
always and forever     her
if you & i woke up in jail together     using only four words    what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    ( if you comment you have to repost ) it's only fair!
wishing it was friday again so i can give my lady a big hug!!!!!!
well i totally miss my girl but that is no surprise     can't wait till friday!!!!!
tonight is the night i have been waiting all week for!!!!!!! vergennes here i come smile 
"there be none of beauty's daughters\with a magic like thee\\and like music on the waters\is thy sweet voice to me\when, as if its sound were causing\\the charm!d ocean's pausing\the waves lie still and gleaming\and the lull'd winds seem dreaming\\always thinking of her!!!!!"
"if i had to choose between breathing and loving you i would use my last breath to tell you how much i love you \missing my girl so bad right now"
friday is always the best day of the week  i get to spend two whole days with the girl and not worry about coming back to work till monday
damn car blew the serpentine belt waiting for my wonderful dad to wake up and come get us 
