b6d62e6150a580742cd092e64458094a
happy new year to all!
glad for weekend   4 day work week wore me out
enjoying another day of chasing carson  lol
not happy the stupid paralegal took the money and ran   things should have been finalized this past week   now back to square one   grrrrr
 
needs to go someplace where i can sleep for a month   lol
well off to bed   up early to go to courthouse   fun   lol
it's monday and i am already tired  
confused   director retired today   still don't know for sure who is my boss tomorrow
"decided to find someplace to hide   maybe they will forget i exist, as long as the calls are being done and no complaints    hey it could happen  smile "
happy independence day to all!
blah   blah   blah
blankety   blank   blank  
chilling alone   surfing websites
just another lonely day   
sick for the weekend    why when i get sick is it always for the weekend? lol
day 2 of kidney stone pain
kidney stone hell day 6   ct scan today shows one 5mm stone stuck in the left ureter
no pain   still no stone    but i'll take it anyway
hi dad! lol  don't forget to logout next time haha ! love ya love 
"facebook e playful eriment--if you are reading this,whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you"
hello daddy love  i love you 
great   <propmale> is finally figured out that he can open door knobs as well as handles   no peace for me again   destroyed his closet while i was trying to watch the end of the denver-new england game  
"hey daddy, you need to learn how to logout! this is nuts! lol  i love youuu love "
sciatica sucks!
boooooo! happy halloween
tired
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring 28 laugh own to earth  29 sad ool  30: a friend 
my little girl is 17 today!
wind advisory today and hurricane <propfemale> off cuba   is this really november??
slow day for my fantasy football teams  sad 
finally passed that stupid kidney stone   4 months of hell over!
wow   amazing how much better i feel! after 4 months i was accustomed to feeling that way and had forgotten what normal felt like  
happy veterans day   thanks to all who have served this great nation and a special thanks to those still serving!
watching <propmale> try to be like daddy and play big game <propmale> on th wii   he's a hoot! lol
"headed to mom's for dinner, football, and billiards"
arrived alive and semi sane in ohio  
missing someone   
well vacation is officially over    back to work     yippee     can you sense the enthusiasm?
"happy, happy   joy, joy  wink "
life is good today   life is good today  
counting days       
9 days  
8
7
6
5   
off to mom's for a family dinner   and some of <propfemale>'s cake 
ho   ho   ho   <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!!!
happy new year to everyone!
insomnia
cold  
go eagles!
wayback week  everyone change your profile pic to one of you when you were younger  copy and paste this into your status update
go <propfirst> go! vikings!!
go chargers!? please??
8
3 and a wake up
2 and a wake up  
"happy, happy   joy, joy  wink "
 smile 
"dad, you gotta stop leaving facebook open smile  lol"
"playing monopoly! own green, orange, utilities, and all the choo choos! lol"
now have red and purple too    laugh 
i won!
"my little girl is growing up , just dropped her off for the prom   <sniff>"
happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
publix italian sub! mmmmm
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"a soldier is someone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check made payable to the united states of <propfemale>, for an amount up to, and including, his or her life  that is an honor, and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copy and paste this if you are thankful for an <propfemale>n soldier "
toy story 3 with <propmale>!
"we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, <propfemale> and the pursuit of happiness "
taking <propmale> to the magic kingdom!
getting ready to ride the buzz lightyear ride   <propmale> is in heaven!
<propfirst> pan's flight with <propmale>!
splash mountain!
sushi and movie hopping!
salt and inception are very good movies! definitely recommend  
turning back the clock   saturday might at the drive in theater!
turning back the clock   saturday night at the drive in theater!
"anybody in orlando central florida that misses some of the way things were when we were kids, needs to check out the silvermoon drive-in theater in lakeland  it is ine playful ensive and fun! www silvermoondrivein com"
great motorcycle ride today!
at the <propmale> science center with <propmale>   he peed in the potty!
today my little man is 3! happy birthday <propmale>!!!
ladainian tomlinson rides again!!
playing with my new toy!  smile 
3
2
1
zero
happy veterans day! take time to remember all who have served and those who are still serving  
<propfemale> christmas! missing my kids  i hope they are having a wonderful christmas  i love you <propfemale> and <propmale>!
going to spend christmas day with my wonderful wife and two great parents! oh yeah   and <propmale> lol
happy
"husband & wife week: if you have a mate who is your best friend, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you even when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married 10 22 10 "
go packers!
one year ago today    she said    yes!!
shivered me timber   i be a pirate!!! arrrr!!!  wink 
yo-ho   yo-ho     a pirates life for me!!
had a great day! first ride on a <propmale> with my gorgeous wife!
