8df9603777270a8006bc14ca2010547c
happy new year!!!
goin home soon
going to cedar point monday!! haven't been there in a long time!
"all done packing, ready to go to lima!"
hangin' out at pappy's    dont worry only pepsi for me! lol wedding in just four days!!!
just sitting at home
taking a break from homework
woo! go steelers!!
just played the house!! lol
just got done with layo auditions
"unmotivated to do anything, been thinking some things over lately  "
just layin here listening to music
so much to do in such little time!
finally sent my application for sisters in today! hope i get chosen
procrastinating     
happy thanksgiving!
just got back from my interview    nothing else to do now though
snooooow~   
hoping to get cancelled or at least delayed tomorrow
"put this ---??---??---on your ---??---??---??g? ---??---??---?f ??? ???? ----??-??----??????? -----???-----w?? ??? or ----??-??----??? ??d ---??---??---cancer?· dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  93% won't copy and paste this, will you?"
bakin some cake!
"wow! i've had a great day today!! i was wide awake all day, did way better than i'd plan on our plan test today, all of the office workers had a party today and i just found out i'm going to japan!!!"
sitting at home listening to some sinatra and eiko    too tired to do anything but i dont want to go to bed yet  today went by too fast!
"just got back from eating dinner downtown  st <propfirst> put up a lot of lights this year! going to try and go to the beach tomorrow night to see the <propfemale>, it's suppose to be blue, thats if it doesnt rain"
"went to daytona beach today  a lot changed since the last time i went, most of the shops and rides were replaced by motels    think i'll spend my last day in st  <propfirst> walking through downtown"
back in lima    it's too cold!
so much snow   
"done with exams! it feels weird knowing i don't have any schoolwork i need done  probably going to take it easy for the rest of the day, tomorrow volenteering at independence"
where did the weekend go?!
i kicked an ipod under your bed because the voices told me to   
thank you everyone!!
i hate it when you get that feeling where you want to get up and do something but your body's too comfortable to move
mad that solo & essemble got cancelled!
"argh, been having headaches everyday for the past week"
tfc was awesome!
no school tomorrow! thank you layo!!
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven"
saw <propfemale> in wonderland today           spoon!
why is it snowing!? we just got rid of the stuff!
happy easter everyone!
another year of layo over; the final concert was fun! i was so happy to see <propfirst> and <propfemale> there to support us!
"please repost if you know someone or have  been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  people who  need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no  known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a  smack upside the head       but we can raise awareness "
"get off work, go to the store, come home and find my shoes on the roof       "
sad! just got back from <propfirst> point and just said good-bye to <propfemale> and <propfemale>!  sad 
sayonara <propfemale>!!!
konnichiwa from japan!
just got into chicago      still trying to get use to all the english   
what!? i come home and the big butter jesus is gone!?
i'm tired of planes and airports     
happy 4th of july!!
sightseeing east <propfemale>
had fun at the picnic! glad i could meet all the hifa members! hopefully it wont be the last time we'll see them going to the fair later
school  work  school  work  school  work  school  work 
"i love how airplanes have wifi now\on my way to florida"
recalculating turn right now!
braeden says: xsdrh h jv uibjirtb jjseedrr
steelers going to the superbowl!!
thanks everyone  smile 
