b095a180e0a4823d3f286afc4c28d312
"happy 2011!! new year, new opportunities!! much love to everyone!!"
round 2!! i love my family so much!! they're simply the best love  love 
"just thinking about \her\""    """
this is just what i needed whoooo!!
love is in the air this year  laugh 
things are changing for sure this year   oh well get on with my life  
things never go the way you plan them   !#!$@!!
it's funny how people don't notice what they do until it's too late   
"man, why do things get so complicated when they are not supposed to be   "
valentines day is coming up what shall i get?
ugh again with them feelings     
im so in the mood       for cheesecake
ugh i guess trying to cheer up someone just made it worse   
"not going out this weekend, gonna chill and play guitar better"
man i'm gonna miss those very good times   
i feel like the worst person ever   i let my friends down  
"hopefully it rains tomorrow, this heat gets me all lazy   "
"today just wasn't a good day, fuck!"
"i wanted to pull a prank on someone, but who? hmmmm    "
what a day    i'm tired
woke up feeling great!
watching <propfemale>'s funniest home videos    laugh !
today is gonna be boring    
once again i feel like i should be doing something to help out but then again if they <propfemale> want it why bother   
"playing guitar, kicking back"
she fills my stomach with butterflies everytime i'm with her  love 
orange soda yes!!!
"hmmm what to do, what to do    "
my head hurts   
never knew how fun it can be to fight over a girl sweet!
"still wide awake, can't sleep   :"
"mi <propfemale> <propfemale>, mi <propfemale> princessa  laugh "
today was just full of surprises 
those three words again 
sometimes i wonder how a bum ended up becoming     a bum 
on my way to universal studios  laugh 
"whoa, bummer     "
you can finally rest in peace abuelito  smile 
"so now i'm the bad person right    just because i decide to be honest and don't feel a certain way  i'm sick and tired of it all this bullshit, all it does is stress me out    "
today i should talk to my neighborhood bum friends and listen to the stories they have to tell  laugh 
"hot cheetohs for breakfast, not good!"
"the way she move that body, twist those hips, works those eyes and lick those lips, ohhh myyy!"
"whenever i feel like im starting to really like someone, everything just comes crashing down    "
what's gonna happen today    hopefully nothing bad
"ill never forget today, one of the best days in my life  laugh "
hehe cussed out a cop today and nothing happened to me  wink 
gotta get ready for prom     
iron man 2!!!!
mothers day is tommorrow and i boy sure what to get for mom (thinking     )
i need to talk to someone      
feeling different today :-\\
what the hell?????
today was such a better day  smile 
"oh hell no, this is not gonna stay this way   "
"this is to all those guys who don't know how to treat a girl and just keep making excuses and don't realize the harm they cause, youre all fucken stupid!"
looking out for my buds  
i know today is gonna be a very good day  laugh 
today was memorable  laugh 
radda radda radda :-]
son of a b**** my wrist!
i got sunshine on a cloudy dayy :-]
"hehe, she called me buff  annoyed "
i need opinions my friends! is knowing when to quit a good quality to have??
the face my baby brother makes when he's taking a poopie is hysterical  laugh 
what's the worse that can happen?
and so the drama begins once again -___-
being too stubborn can be really annoying   
this probaly isnt really gonna work out    
maybe i should just change my ways   
what more do you want from me???
"tired of being that \nice guy\""   """
one of these days i'm just gonna snap    
looking forward to those warm summer nights  
"this weeken didn't really go according to plan, but i'm not giving up "
anyone have a spare capo for a guitar they aren't using?
"great,  just great    this is just what i needed fml     "
sooner or later things get found out and well it just questions whether or not you can trust someone    
she's the only reason why i actually take this shit seriously   
anyone looking for a job??
things are starting to change  smile 
i feel like letting it all out   
today is just one of those stupid days again fuck   
today i actually laugh harder that i've ever laughed before and it felt great  smile 
really want to go see a-team!
"depression isn't gonna stop me from living life, fuck that! it's only a waste of your time anyway "
a-team was fucken great with the homies!
this weekend just won't stop getiing any better  love 
what a perfect day to go to the beach with her  love 
"after a long day at the beach, i'm exausted and happy  love "
awww i feel so special that all you guys wished me a happy birthday! thanks and much love to all of you!!  laugh   laugh 
today was such a chill day with the homegirl and the homie  smile 
"fairfax graduation is coming up, this is gonna be something special  smile "
fuck im sore   
my goal for this summer is to lose my soft spots and gain abs!
"things aren't going the way they should, damn "
i think god still loves me  laugh 
"what happened mexico? you were way too confident, that's what happened "
"so we're off to the mall to do some panty shopping, maybe some booty shorts too  laugh "
"seriously, what is wrong with the world these days   "
"i feel the need to go far, far away from los <propfemale> "
whoaaa! just had a blast from the past 
looks like another all nighter    
"happy 4th of july!\gonna pop some fireworks at griffith park with the family hopefully we don't get into any trouble  smile "
"so today we're on the bus and this lady puts three dollars into the machine  the driver asks her what she's doing and the lady says \ oh i'm taking two buses \"" i laughed my ass off  laugh """
"me without you is like a nerd with no braces, a shoe with no laces, and a sentence with no spaces "
"looking forward to life's coming attractions, no matter what they are \so far i'm feeling the change in me "
great time to gain some more muscle and lose those love handles 
i'm dead 
 smile 
i can't help but smile everyday that passes by  smile 
finally got a phone!
today looks like a beautiful day to go out and have a good time 
churros!
man what a day   
"so today i learned how to calm an angry person, sweet  "
i can't leave my little brother alone for one second cuz then he makes a huge mess   
im flattered  laugh 
its about that time again  
had a fucken great workout 2day 
cuz baby tonight! dj got us falling in love again!
i have to start slowing down    moving too fast here!!!
"live, love, learn "
 love !
"damn, not good "
i'm doing that again!!  love !!
"whatever happens, happens "
she's got me under her spell     
"ay, it's called respect motherfucker "
i'm gonna grow them!
i miss you like bread misses butter!  love 
"people can be such bitches man, i swear  fuck it, i'm not letting this shit bring me down  "
monster massive!!!
well what can i say  smile 
so much nonsense   i don't know why i keep putting up with it  
love       ?
paranormal activity 2 is a must see!!
the thing about memories is that they don't change when other people do 
"awesome weekend so far, more to come later 2day, learning how to shuffle whoop!"
is in a state of trance  smile 
!!!!!
love is in the air smile 
cuz you never really know what you got  until it's gone 
getting the <propfemale> of shuffling  laugh 
"it's wierd how my fone is disconnected, but i still get facebook sms alerts   "
sigh   this so-called self control is something i really have to start getting used to  
jesssss! $1 pupusas 2day!
"ah screw it, i'm doing #'s then"
55-hmm  i remember meeting you at the boys and girls club i think and i didn't really talk much 2 you besides 'hi' and 'bye'  but you have a nice smile tho 
"55-no wait, i remember having a random ass dream with you in it and we were at some fair but i don't remember the rest  then the next day i add u on fb  wierd!"
8 billion-niggah i miss the good times we had playing basketball or just kicking it with the homies  we had laughs and tons of stupid shit 
13-we do fight sometimes but that's cuz we can never agree upon something  ur a good person with a good heart and i'm happy having a friend like you  smile 
"hey, make like your virginity and get lost "
"seriously, why make a promise you can't even keep?"
woke up with bite marks on both sides of my neck  surprise !
boredddd    and awake     not good    
can a computer virus disappear just like that?
"after many years of hope and miracles, i give thanks to the <propfemale> of <propfirst> and wish her a happy birthday "
goodbye mustache  sad    
anyone interested in buying an xbox 360 elite 120gb with games and controllers?????
things happen and that's the way it is 
i'm starting to think all this time was time wasted for nothing  there will be other opportunities in the future 
"damnnn  i gotta stop trippin out so much, ahhh! lololol"
<propfemale> christmas everyone! stay safe and spend it with the ones you love  love 
mann  i'm thinking too much  i need a fucken distraction   
wow thanks <propfemale>! you really made my day! laugh 
2day was full of surprises! had a great fucken day!  laugh 
anybody wanna let me borrow $3000? i'll gladly pay you next tuesday smile )
"i'm not playing these stupid childish games anymore  either you do or you don't , whatevers smile "
getting into trouble again smile )
"i wanna see what happens as time passes by  will things hopefully stay the same, or will they be different  hmm we'll see  "
i'm <propfirst> bomba! tick tick tick boom!
"shit i aint committed to no one, i could do whatever the fuck i want laugh "
had a pretty chill day with the homies even tho i got a ticket annoyed  but at least i'm having pupusas laugh 
on the roof with my <propmale> <propfemale> looking up at thee stars smile 
idk why i even try    she doesn't really seem to care anymore   
"dayummm 2 high skool shootings in 2 days, wow!"
some of these girls really have to learn when to grow up already sheeshh
"these salvi foos are really getting on my last nerves, annoying ass mofos!"
look at all them stars outside smile 
i need earphones!
this is gonna be a longgg night woop!
that pretty girl dancing all by herself caught my attention  
you wanna see sumten cool?
learning about the ways of the french smile 
i gotta say  i'm really looking forward to this year  seems like lots of good stuff is gonna happen laugh 
i miss you smile 
damn supposedly i'm gonna find the love of my life this year  surprise !!
is happy smile ) 
sometimes i forget i know some of the stupidest ppl but i fucken love them 2 death laugh 
angel hair love 
gemini: set aside all your distractions and have as much fun as you possibly can this year 
is pretty excited about this weekend smile 
is starting off a great weekend laugh 
looks like this is going to be an all nighter smile 
is feeling bombastic!
