0df7647b5bdb879aeeb81afeb633ee74
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you"
is worried about her health 
is wondering if the hotel she booked for the new york trip in october was such a good deal and if she should make other arrangements 
just enjoying my birthday!
just enjoying the sights and sounds of new york city 
getting ready for the trip home  it's been a blast here in the big apple but it's time to head home before the kittens stage a revolt 
home     safe and sound  you never know how good (or bad) your bed feels till you've been gone from it a while  i missed my bed  and my kittens 
what to cook for thanksgiving     other than the turkey of course!!
going on a date with my husband tonight  we're going to see the movie paranormal activity and have dinner 
just thinking about all the stuff to get ready for the big feast day  i'm cooking turkey and most of the trimmings for 8 people  i do it every year and have fun every time but it's still a big task and i never want to disappoint so       i plan and list and fret 
glad it's the weekend and ready to shop for thanksgiving 
one week to thanksgiving!!!!!
can't stand this pollen!!!!!!!!
so happy it's the weekend  work was a total pain this past week 
sad the weekend is over but happy with the way the gardening worked out 
sadness and grief at the loss of my uncle <propmale>  he is already greatly missed 
"other than a small headache? just wanting to get home, relax and play some ratchet and clank "
wishing i was bowling with friends instead of doing the work i have to 
home remodel      that elusive dream      
"did friday just slow down on purpose? geeze, where is that weekend when you need it?"
gah     i hate being sick 
still sick and miserable    
omg! i swear time has slowed down 
this has been one of the laziest weekends ever  other than the birthday party for my fabulous mother in law on saturday       i haven't done a darn productive thing 
despite that this has been a three day work week for me     a rarity       it has felt longer each day than normal  i'm just happy it's friday and i can crash when i get home 
i am so excited for the arbors my in laws are helping us put up in place of our gates to our backyard! pictures to come!
when oh when will budget madness end?!
hanging out and enjoying time with family
thanks to everyone's happy birthday wishes!
"i hate feeling sick  even more, i hate feeling like i'm going to get sick  i've been \under the weather\"" for 3 days now """
"so my hubby suprised me yesterday with a birthday party  good friends, good food, tons of fun  i married an awesome man!"
i'm so looking forward to the holidays  i love this time of year 
finally     the crisp cold air of fall is here! our summer was too long and too hot 
back to the daily grind  it doesn't seem entirely fair to be trapped in doors updating spreadsheets when the day out side is so beautiful 
our halloween party was so fun    i wonder if we should host a christmas party as well?!
no christmas party this year  callaway gardens fantasy in lights with family won out! but i get to spend some quality time with my niece and nephew 
"well, thanksgiving is over and now it's the slippery slide down the treacherous traffic hill toward christmas  time to start shoppin'!"
and the craze to order presents and get them delivered in time starts  i tell myself every year that i'll start shopping sooner       i guess i'll never listen 
isn't it a wonderful feeling when presents you've ordered start shipping arriving? one of my favorite parts of the holiday's is wrapping the presents 
it may not be sticking to much but darn it     it's snowing in ga!!!!! wooo hooo!!
8 days 'till christmas!!!!!
7     !!!!!!
is it really only 4 days till christmas??
i want to wish everyone happy holidays and a fantastic new year!!
happy new year to all!!!
