6e1182e28d35530e0a7fc8c750604a40
"2010 i'm so glad to be over you   oh hello there 2011, how are you, shall we??"
"i want pizza i want breakfasts, i want mexican, i want pasta, let's just say id be well off in an all you can eat buffet    top that <propmale>!"
"i can't hardly wait to snuggle my snugglies, my home is clean, \im sad that there are no toys laying around for me to trip over or puddles of spilled juice"
"misses my babies  thursday and friday i always look forward to during the week, but once its here, i feel lost  boo for thursdays and fridays, bring my babies home pretty please"
has a cold fever ear infection  love 33 how do i get so lucky??
"so <propmale> puts a restraining order against me (for glaring at him), then he tried to steal marlee, he manages to gets me 86ed from islands, all the while marlee suffered 102 fever an ear infection, where are his priorities???? god honestly  too boot, treston has streap throat, oh its never a dull moment, or silence  "
"is off schedule as of tomorrow!  sad ((  (sad day)  but <propfirst> & <propfirst> are letting me pick up shifts if you want a day off call txt me    night shifts are harder for me to be able to work, but id try    thanks tr'ers  love 3 you"
"woke up cryin from a bad dream, i was 13 and it was christmas morning      what a horrible memory    it was <propfemale> vu    i think i dreampt it because i watched that show parenthood before bed   made me really sad"
"got bit on my finger by a spider the other day, its now covered up in what looks like hives    my fatt finger is super gross looking, oh btw heres your food  playful  sir, sheez"
"3000$ in too deep with this custody battle, adios hopes for a new car, peace out tax return, goodbye vegas   at least i went and got my own place out of all this   its so home     love 3 and now i'm officially done with <propmale> the plan is laid, it blows but its finally over "
"<propmale>    this show is addictive  xoxo <propfirst> c  hall   from six feet under to this, brilliant "
streaming netflix = amazing
"just got off an 11hr shift, turn around and be back to open at 745 for a 9hr shift, ugh  43hrs on my 4th day of work, have made prolly a grand though  bartending  the perks   sad "
marlees first birthday sucsessful  thanks for makin it out all  smile 
"if the boy heeds you, you go  smile "
"mcdonald's you've smelt so good, im sure to regret you in an hour "
ive been trying to read the same paragraph for the last 50 minutes   studying with kids - not happening!
thank you my bestest friend in all the world heidie miller  love  you    cant wait for nates phone to get here    thank you thank you thank you!! you two are best ever!
"passed my finals at 95% goodbye classroom, see you next quarter"
has an interview with kadlec regional rehabiltiation center    sweet
"i am young by coconut records  love  this song, it belongs in a <propmale> <propmale> film"
"i miss serving, or just the tr    love "
"off work at 7 tonight! kinda want to go see a movie or just get out and do somethin later, call txt me if your down!"
my 4 year old son constantly wants to play the wii its driving me crazy   any suggestions on what kind of hand held game i could buy him??? is a psp too much??
"today::: was peed on    had an older lady throw a punch at me   met some really cool old people, ran ran ran my ass off  this job is really hard work, but i  love  every minute   "
"i need to practice blood pressures, who's volunteering??"
"scrap that its all about <propmale> <propmale>, cleaning my pace, doin laundry   <propmale> <propmale> and i  "
procrastination: having entire week off of school  doing my homework in the parking lot  25 minutes before class
i'm taking wood
goin kayakin with olberding    yay
went into trestons room this morning to help him dress and he was singing <propfirst> cash ring of fire by himself no music playing   it made me tear up  my son is so frickin awesome
anybody wanna head to walla walla on the 1st with me to see <propfirst> <propmale>??
"wow, bein lied to is really not a warm and fuzzy feeling  it actually kinda pisses me off  pfft  i seriously loath and hate the tc "
i have amazing friends!  love  them
"me, <propfemale> and my bottle of jager   makin it a blockbuster movie night   just got a cna job in home care out at canyon lakes   school has paid itself off    love  my life! hope <propfemale> gets the job too   yay  "
facebook needs a dislike button  and i'm in need of a tattoo 
rented the will ferrell <propfirst> w  hbo stand up  was hilarious  makes me miss oldschool snl
"accomplishment - i've spent the last 2 hours on my couch personalizing all my ringtones for every single individual on my phone  everyone's got their own me first and the gimme gimmes song   (there's well over 150 ppl in my phone book, i've been bored)"
sunday funday!!! yay
"who needs cable, when hulu is free"
<propmale> nuget
amazing day with the babies at the fair   goodbye <propmale> nuget  thanks for the movie night <propmale>  thanks for the butt load of money cable bridge casino 
<propfemale> that was beautiful and warmed my heart  you know me all to well  i love u  
<propfirst> grimm
peanut butter cookies
football season  here we go again
the average person is going to occasionally find themselves caught in the rain 
has been awake since 3am   thanks marlee  love  but i finished reading a book i borrowed  joyful 
saints!!!!
i can't hardly wait to see your face
"at best buy sellin the clear   bump into \<propfirst>  ! he goes out to his car, brings back a huge order of potato\ skins for the best buy employees??? wtf   <propfirst>\ just drives around with party platters in his car??"
ive gotta find a sitter fast tonight???? anytakers??? pretty please i'll gift you my kidneys
"today was a very stressful day for some reason  i had to make appearances all over town, when all i wanted was to sink into my couch  its been long enough   (hello mr  jager, its sure been awhile) making dinner and rented movies!! xoxo the simple life!!"
americas got talent --- <propfirst> grimm!!!!!
my schedule thurs thru sundays (every week) - 11am-7pm @best buy 7 smile 0pm til 2 smile 0am @rock reactor everyday   feel free to bring me coffee anytime   i will need it!!!
30 minute push then i'm outta here away from all these smelly boys at bb  gunna be behind the bar by 830   thanks everyone for commin out and supportin us   see you soon!
ah netflix   finally  ive been waiting all week for a night with you 
i totally forgot  anyone know when the tc tattoo convention is??
needs to find an outfit to rock at the grand opening of rock reactor   oh my oh my what to wear????
"so rock reactors is pretty much officially ex boyfriend reunion basically  amazing  bet them boys wish they didn't cheat on me now   can i get your number, pffft no no thanks "
"you, me, candles, a bottle of wine, and bacon"
i need mongolian
my poor hands tore up from poppin those bottles   i need to remember to wear a ring to work  
"there's somethin rediculously hot about a guy who knows his country music, metal and punk rock "
<propmale> and i totaled out my death trap  which wasn't unfortunatr after all  i'm goin car shopping  progressive paid it off  good times <propmale>
uh no no no thanks facebook please don't recommend i be friends with my exes new girlfriend!
"tonight was such a migraine! stupid drunk people, stupid idiot servers, stupid skanks everywhere, very decent band however   so glad its finally saturday mon tues weds off   thank god"
jeans and my tank top   throw out the long sleeve dress shirt and slacks for my weekend  feels refreshing
i just bought a <propfemale>
hi my name is <propfemale> i'm the captin of the slag smacking
i miss serving more than anything   i miss restaurants
"it takes a bartender maybe 4 seconds to make a drink   it takes a server about 35 to an hr to wait a table  why do ppl tip their bartender 1-10$ for a single drink and tip their server $4-7 on 60$ ????  this does not make sense to me, please e playful lain "
i miss my squishy    sad 
would be so much easier and faster if i simply went for my medical assistant  <propfemale>
"ciggerette, coffee and incubus   a true moment of peace and quite "
 sad 
holy crap   ive had a toothache all night and day   so i left best buy to grab my bottle of vicodin from home   popped it and now best buy is spinning and i cant stand up   i dont know if i like this    but my mouth feels amazing  
"when i think of who i would be and where i would be right now   if i was still with someone, it makes me laugh   oh yes, there are worse things than being alone!!! ive truly enjoyed myself this year!!! amazing people, memories and finally most importantly a happy family   thank god for friends good advise"
haha!! (evil laugh) i think court went amazing!!
"four days until i get my evo, only four more days    love "
"since im so effin amazing at my job, and i'm the best clear rep ever  my boss is letting me off 3 hrs early tomorrow to take the babies trick or treating    and awesomely i'll still get paid for the 3 hrs im gone    sweet!"
i saw some pretty awesome costumes last night!!! boys seem to look alot hotter when their faces are covered up!! lol
im in  love  with my evo   we've spent every minute together holding each other close 
so my boss just lost his job    i'm his only employee   what happens now
ha last night was glorious  i was on fire like literally  i love when <propfemale> bartends
weekend  love 
"a perfect sunday   wake up eat breakfast with the babies   send their asses to school  get a hair cut, wax my brows, get anchored, eat lunch with <propfemale> pick up the babies   netflix, pizza hut  ?  hmmm yes "
"dear <propfemale>, i've been good this year   all i want for christmas is for you to get all the toys on treston and marlees wish list, oh yea that would be pretty awesome!"
i guess i'm bartending at the reactor tonight    come downtown and keep me busy   
"and so, the work week begins    balls "
this is not ideal  but we've got to make the best out of the snow situation    whos got a car to spin out on in the parking lots???
reactor tonight anyone??? ill be bartendin from 6 til 11   come keep me company 
i absolutely  love  the fantastic mr  fox
today is probably goin to be the worst and best day of my life  im going to make a lot of money today in the 20+ hrs  no pressure
i'm gonna throw up or passout maybe both 
i feel lonely
   so there's this boy 
the news says 10000 ppl in washington are living with hiv aids  uggh   no thanks
"read the book eat love pray decision was it so wise, suiting and intelligent that i must watch the movie   was not disappointed "
"was just in the ladies room at best buy, this older lady just dropped a duce and didn't even bother flushing knowing there was a waiting line  gross "
<propmale>  love 
woke up to a storm today  to weather it out or look for a new job   
"off work dead tired, unfortunatly i work in 8 hours and can't sleep, watching almost famous eatin the top <propmale> (simple pleasures in life)"
trans siberian orchestra  love 
"christmas came early for marlee and treston   two very happy kids, my christmas is complete "
treston and i are gunna watch narnia and gulliver's travels today  
it's not called babysitting when you spend time with your own child  some parents should never have been allowed to procreate
"a best friend will push you down a flight of stairs, for your own good   love  you <propfemale>"
once upon a time i had no tattoos  (weird)
"so it totally feels like it totally sucks that i have to bartend on new years, but really  love  its all about next weekend leahs bday wkend event!!!"
nobody be an idiot and get dui's tonight ! 
oh all right the snugglies have been home 4 hrs and i'm already pullin my hair out     this is  love 
"remember when dairy <propfemale> made nerds blizzards, i'm totally craving one  if i brought them a box of nerds would they make me one??"
"treston and i started a 300 piece puzzle, 15 minutes in he's bored and playin his wii, i'm obsessed with finishing this puzzle  haha i  love  having a 5 year old "
oh what a fever     crying 
"dude, the foo fighters are playin sasquatch    now i really wanna go"
"movie with treston, then hubbys pizza tonight, topped off with dq ice cream brownie fudge chocolate cake    what a perfectly planned day!!!!"
i am one hell of a butler
"im pretty sure this is throat cancer   dont ask me to use my voice, it hurts "
what is the purpose of being poked or poking here on fb i don't understand 
"sharies: round two tonight, with much more appreciated company than earlier tonight "
 crying  i feel regret and i am awful    i really really really dont want to come out of my hermit shell  dnd 
needs to find and train a clear rep to replace me at best buy    anybody??
"so addicted to this \find it\"" picture app  can't get off the couch or my phone  dnd """
"my hours are chop sui, not complaining to much, i'm a freebee today, kids are off, just got paid, and a day to myself   yay"
