ca2b4a2f4c635288b1ea7243101b3a4e
"#1 project: draw 101 dalmation puppies   realistic or cartoon, or whichever   i haven't figured it out yet "
i gots to remember to <propfemale> a new one   calendar 
"\it's not hard to see a new event when you've missed the beginning and the end\"" wire"""
i think invisibility would probably be my last choice for a super power   
i don't know what to do   i have some bad feelings   a bad bad feeling 
i'm not online   um diddle diddle diddle um diddle ay
"arg, why do the dogs keep barking everyday? what do they waaaant?"
i'm watching the anime monster and it really is great   just saying 
i wonder sometimes   if anybody thinks i'm obnoxious? o__o
"hey, do any of you know how to beatbox?  playful "
all that people see when they look at me is blonde hair and big boobs   no one's ever going to take me seriously   ~legally blonde  laugh 
i love ranting about somebody who's not even real   it's a fictional person har har > >
"i think that negotiator sounds like a fantasy job, but it seems like they really do exist   kind of yeah "
"time, energy, living beings are all mysterious   "
behold! i have the magical power of rambling over the internet at 3 am   playful 
i'm curious what is the weirdest thing you guys own? i have a really really really bizarre ring 
i am a cucumber   a cucumber   a cucumber!!!
ahhh i broke both sides of my glasses!
iguanas are still smacking people like always   
crows seem to know when crappy stuff happens 
fear nothing but fear itself   oooh 
you can't eat a purse! a purse is not edible   
"the\eye of medusa is a binary pair of <propfemale>s that when the dimmer <propfemale> is in\front of the brighter <propfemale> it appears to blink like an eye, and then\the ancients noticed this somehow   geez, they sure were excruciatingly\good at analyzing the night sky "
"no things don't seem very perfect as it is, but i would like for it to be perfect as it is   that's all "
satoshi kon passed away a few days ago   nooooo way  t_t
i'm almost done drawing two adorable pandas   =p
"it keeps going and going and going   yay, for long lasting batteries!  playful "
"well, it's my second time on a computer in a couple of days sooo   hello from minnesota   good night! =p"
"e t  phoooone hooome! ok well, i'm back in ohio now from minnesota "
i guess you can't really take the good without the bad with that said   how come i can hardly even pick a kid up? i must be the weakest person ever   this sucks! i seriously need some stamina and endurance here!  annoyed 
"hmmm   i can't believe i'm asking this, but has anybody ever heard of this site that i speak of? myanimelist net??? lol"
"i feel like little bits of wisdom are scattered everywhere, so maybe it's worth a little <propfemale> something when you find it somewhere   it's kind of like getting a small gift   it just depends if you even like small gifts or would rather have bigger gifts "
"there's some mysterious music playing in my ears   it sounds like bluegrass, but i don't know where it's coming from   why is it playing? it's sooo weird, sooooo random   "
"there's a fly sitting on my pillow, and it's watching flcl with me or maybe it's sitting there because it's exhausted and or dying   sad "
"*sigh* my home is becoming some kind of cat house   let's see how many cats like to <propfemale> out here? i think like 7, and there seems to be more newcomers on the way   "
"hmm, it would be cool if every single party was a benefit party, yeah   i like parties and benefits   "
sometimes we have no choice but to fight fire with fire     sad 
good golly! ambulances have been on my street at two different houses already in the past few hours   what's going on!?
another ambulance   
"sometimes i feel like god could be laughing at us   not smiling rays of  sunshine or being sad over us   i don't want anybody to be offended by this, btw   it's not a very nice plausibility, though   "
i just realized that i could be very good at making an illusion that i am very good at doing work   
i wonder if a deaf person could conduct an orchestra???
geez   freaking   golly   gosh   darn   dang   holy   crap
"why, oh, why did the dinosaurs have to go extinct? oh, if only jurassic park were real   yes, that would be ridiculously dangerous but awesome   "
