f4ec99e81b9d19437e6d31750c584dcd
what kinda ice cream man peels off on you before you can order?      mabey hes a criminal!
i saw bumble <propfemale> poo for the first time today!!!!!!!!
(sigh)       still waiting for the icecream truck    he will probaly cum <propfemale> it starts raining    as usual
tell me who even thinks to buy ramen noodles in the summer time <propfemale> its over 90 degrees out there!?!?!   my aunt
"sum little boy got jumped at the park today,i shudda helped him but i got to lazy    o well :i"
"my little brother just hit me dead in the eye with a remote, i wonder if i will go to jail if i kill him     naa hes only 3"
im so bored im bout to got to a 23 story building and jump out the 1st floor!
yea i really dont like bacon
hhmmm      im in the mood for sum chicken now
im not in the mood for chicken anymore i want sum cotton <propfemale>!
hate to say this but i actually cant wait to go back to school!
there was nuthing on tv so i watched yo gabbagabba and i think my iq level just dropped!
im gunna misz my preppy boy <propfemale>
i just stubbed my pinkey toe really hard on my dresser   i think i broke it!  sad 
time to find sumthin to eat now     i got the munchies!
time to go to the park!
"just got back from the park and this little boy had the nerve to squirt me with his water gun rite, so <propfemale> he got stuck on the monkey bars i didnt help him <propfemale> he asked for help bawhahah! lol"
now that i think about it       that was pretty mean of me       oh well
had a long day going back to <propfemale> any day now but for now i need my sleep!
my leg just fell asleep!
why is the tv up so damn loud and aint nobody watchin it!!!!!!!
       (sigh)
lollipoopdeck
"so there were three tamatos walkin dwn the street, mamma tamato ,daddy tamato and baby tamato baby tamato was lagging behind so daddy tamato squished him and said \ketchup!\""   lol"""
llllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooolllli poopdeck!   lolipoopdeck! what do u call a lollipop on a ship thats tired?      a lolipoopdeck!!!!!!!!!
this popcorn is good!
this girl is so fricken ignorant she gunna ask why ppl with down syndrome got big butts        smh
mmmmm i love me sum frosted flakes
almost time for chowder to come on!! best cartoon in the world!!
just got back from the park had a water baloon fight and now im eating the best cherry-lemon cheese danish ever!!!!!
"went to the store to get a hand ball,i shud go to the park   mabey l8ter!"
just got bac from the park and now im bored  annoyed 
my bestie kaylie happiestchick ramsey's birthday is tomarrow!!!!!!!  laugh 
today is my bestie kaylie happiestchick ramsey birthday today!!!!  laugh 
gotta start packin goin back to <propfemale> on tuesday!
bout to go to the airport see yall in <propfemale>!!!!!
"i just found a baby kitten   my dog might eat him :,("
come on now u suppose to be a bad boy stop lookin out yo peep hole lol the peep hole in your door every 5 seconds we not talking bout u groupie
reallyy boredd (sigh)
just ate sum food    now im tiredd  playful 
im mad my bus pulled off as soon as that fight happened inda bus lane     smh this is bout the third this dun happened!
dont sit there and complain and try to blame <propfirst> people for yur mistakes grow up and get over it!
actually i am really craving some fresh baby carrots!!!
   sombody please tell me why all of a sudden all these little kids makin all these music videos and sonqs and gettin all dhis money and i can barely rhyme big words together!!!!
i wonder what it feels like to get swept up in a tornado lol i wud probaly get dizzy after while!
lame asz niggahs going to bino's halloween party and wasnt even invited this is a shoutout to all the groupies! and wanna be bad boys! and then <propfemale> still 14 lammmeee asssszzzzzeeeessss!!!!
do giraffes have deep throats???
got a <propfemale> hangover hope i feel better
mmmmm this crunch bar is soooooo good!!!!!!!!!
all this cold weather makin me sick   im losing my voice!!!! > sad 
how do <propfemale> take the crust off a uncrustable pb&j sandwhich??? sombody please tell meh!!!!
"ok we understand your mad, but how many glass dishes do you hafta break tew get your point across lmao    break the <propfemale> cabinet why dont ya! lol"
i feel like eating a bigg bag of hot cheetos
just made sum chocolate pancakes! yummm
"bout to go to the movies lata on but dont know what to see    might go see black swan , heard it was scarrrry "
black swan was a good movie but it was very confusing    and nasty and i had a nightmare that i turned into a swan and started to fly away then got shot out the sky   smh
eating cookies makes me feel happy inside   
passed all my classes!!!!!!!
"i haatteee spring time, just like hate bacon lol !!!!!!!!"
who passed all there classes     hmmmm lets see      i did!
