1caf173dd6ba5bb4b18d051d7e019ff7
headache headache headache     
whoo! lets hope were outta this wonderfull hospital by tomorrow  its marleys 1st independence day!
it seems like when you need to sleep it's absolutly the last thing your mind wants to do!!! wtf man      i need a drink  playful 
whooo!!! last night was awesome!!! hubby and i had our first date since dec!!! it was way past due
blahg! hospital stay for three weeks  my fam visiting the past two weeks and now hubbys fam coming to stay tuesday for a week and then right back to the hospital for more chemo! -_- im going to overload      anyone wanna fly away with me?
this blows        can't marley catch a break!! she's been through so much already and the punches just keep on coming
nothing like a vodka n monster to start the day off!  love  you <propfemale> ; )
gnmnbxfr6764r56ugfdfgh laugh fggg <--- marley's words of wisdom for the night lol
haha! i want to thank everyone who walled me yesterday! i love all of you very much and half of your guys messages were hilarious!  laugh  all of you made my day much better! much peace and  love 
"i have amazing family and friends which im extremely gratefull for  most of all im beyond gracious to have my <propfemale> miracal make such a huge impact on my life  i live and breath for her and stop at nothing to protect her  unfortunatly i need more help and prayers said into the universe to keep my baby fighting for her life  please help me spread a chain of prayer for marley, ill be very thankfull"
"whoo! good news: so marley had an emergency surgery two days ago to stop a horrible gi bleed  she is doing well and keeping strong! were not out of the woods yet but just this little of good news is amazing! thank u all for the thoughts,love and prayers!"
"when you think you have nothing left and think things couldn't get worse  stop and think for a minute  pick yourself up and dust yourself off, and realize,things can always be worse  if you aren't strong for yourself who else can be? in the end it's you who will decided what will knock you out of this big game we call life "
hi  i remember him talking about u! how's your son doing? u guys had me worried  i hope he's doing better  marley's doing ok  she just got out of a second surgery she had had this week and seems to be pulling through well  were all still praying she'll have a speedy recovery and be out of the hospital before halloween! let me know how everythings going  you have my number so if you need anything just let me know
"two more weeks!!! i cant wait my dear friend!!! its time i have you near!!!! ^-^ *\ep ep, when your on a holiday, you can't find the words to say      *"
"me: i totally dislike materialistic chicks! they spend ridiculous money on things they don't need! i'm not like that at all!\liz:  -_-\me: what!?!\liz: you have 30 pairs of shoes!\me: i need those!!!! \                                      lmao      totall contradiction"
"when times are bad and you feel you have no hope left,         sing the coconut song!!!!!  kiss  *!!!put the lime in the coconut and shake it all up!!!*"
my fingers smell like fish  wink   *wink wink <propfemale>* lmao
"i've carried a child within my body  i've slept with a baby on my\chest  i have kissed boo boos, been puked on, peed on and spent\sleepless nights in a rocking chair with a sick child  but i wouldn't\have it any other way  my body may not be magazine perfect, but when i\look in the mirror i see a mom  and there is no greater honor or\   blessing  make this your status if you're proud to be a mom, i am!!!"
"at the end of the day we're able to endure a lot more then we let ourselves believe  step up  do something amazing and crazy  in a life we only get one shot at i choose not to waste space, how about yourself?"
=' ( im lizless! someone help me get my lizzy here!!!!
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
"christmas is a time for everyone to be spreading love and cheer  it's a wonderful time of year but unfortunatly life still takes it's course r i p  <propmale>, dios de bendiga y que duermas con los angelitos"
lmao!!! someone thinks id create a grindcore band!!!! i wish i could see who put that  stupid coin thingies  you lack in presence when you are needed most!!!
"of course      back in the hospital  and i've noticed i've grown so distant from where i lived but so attached to my new home  doesn't erase my love for my family and true friends, i miss them wholeheartedly  but till my baby is healthy and safe, i won't be seeing you anytime soon  i love you all"
i need to do something drastic yet awesome and fitting to change my style up      so im counting on some awesome ideas here from you facebook people!
apperantly i did drink too much coffe o o
already hate today  <propfemale>  lets go find happy hour -_-
im a big time lesbo and what!!! wanna make out  wink 
o o i thought  i was going blind        till i cleaned my glasses  der
do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for
facebook just totally reminded me it's my 2nd yr anniversary with my hubbs sunday      wher's my head?!!!
marley having to go 6hrs with no eats+no drinks=one long day mommy's not prepared for 
"what's a perfect way to de-stress your life, have more free time and get lots of sleep??! have another baby that's how!!! @ @ let's do this baby!!! let's do it all over again, can't wait"
i love san <propmale>'s version of winter      i wore short shorts today  suck that el paso =p
