e96d7d2154f52eb2cdeec247b445c56a
"omg still can't believe i found my \atlanta-woman\"" (ex-gf) on here yesterday! can't wait to have sushi with ya!! i mean mexican   lol"""
"\i am not your problem to solve \"" - my new most favoritest quote ever"""
"omg  my aunt <propfirst> from chicago just said she was having a \brain boomer\"" lmao"""
"and everyone for future reference, when i say omfg i mean \ oh my freakin goodness!\"" lol"""
<propmale>'s gonna help me do some video editing on saturday! i'm so glad i know such a nice guy with a <propmale>  smile 
bought a month-to-month membership at urban active in rivergate last night for only $14 95! now i don't have to walk to brentwood any more lol
pulled a string in the front of my jogging pants and there they went! split right up the middle   and i was not wearing the right underwear for this to be happening omg  got to leave work early tho woo hoo  wink 
off to the gym! come say hi  rivergate  urban active 
off to the gym   for the second time today!  damn sapporo 
are corn and bananas related?? the inside of this banana peel sure does look an awful lot like a tamale!  now what in the world i can do with this information?   that remains to be seen lol
"so i was on my way to vandy this morning, and along the way i passed by the capitol building and omg the hill that it sits on looks freaking awesome for sledding!  probably the plastic disc type though as there's only 1 2\  """
"so i got final word from my doctor today   some of you may know what's been going on, but i've tried not to make a big thing about it, b c it scares the crap out of me, and i don't like to talk about it alot   but, i have an aortic aneurism   it was caused partly by a birth defect that, until recently, i didn't even know i had "
"if anyone knows of somebody looking to get rid of a nice office chair (nice meaning comfortable, not necessarily leather) i would love to have one   the one i'm in has had it   and sitting in it 5-6 hours a day for the last few weeks is killing my bum!"
leaving for vandy now   getting the camera via catheter @ 10am   please let the knock me out   please god let them knock me out hard   amen   please!  amen 
"if anyone knows of anyone looking to rent a room, i have one available in my 2br apartment in rivergate   the rent would be $300 (1 2 of total rent) plus 1 2 of the utilities so probably right around 400 per month for everything    just have them contact me here or they can leave a voicemail on my cell phone 615 727 2428 if they would like to come take a look "
"my surgery is tues  march 9th @ 7 smile 0 am  i'll be able to have visitors starting wednesday  so if you're in nashville and wanna come say hi that'd be awesome  smile  i'll just be sitting there playing sudoku, or maybe playing on my laptop  i'm totally not scared though, not yet anyways  i'll probably start freaking out monday night idk   it's like it's not even in my head yet   just \la la la i'm fine \"" right now   """
"hey fyi for anyone who hasn't been, essex in rivergate is pretty cool   it's a big retail markdown store with all kinds of stuff   it's where the old circuit city used to be "
"man this cat is way too smart for a laser pointer!  she just looks at it, then looks up at me like, \are you serious?  do i have to?\""  omg i love her """
"i survived!  hooray for that  smile  i can feel that my heart is completely fixed now  they ended up having to put in a mechanical valve  mine was hardening  they said it only had a couple of years left on it   and of course they replaced the aneurysm with a graft   i'm just in unbelievable pain right now, even with tons of morphine   but hopefully that will let up soon "
going home tomorrow morning!!
looking for roommate   2br in rivergate   $400 incl  utilities 
going back to work in 13 days  smile   i feel like i'm 18 all over again lol   it is awesome
two men walk into a bar   the third one ducks 
there's no place like home 
was just at vandy and saw this dude and well let's just say you know you're talented when you can pee and blow your nose at the same time!
"learned a new word today! \haptic touch\"""""
does anybody know where there's a sno-cone stand? omg it hot
joy ride is on fx right now   omg i love this movie!
"awesome lines from \the wizard of oz\""    \",e96d7d2154f52eb2cdeec247b445c56a,i just got approved for my new apartment in antioch! i will miss you rivergate! but not the 30 minute drive to work every day!
"hey  does anyone have e playful erience rooting an android phone for superuser permissions? been reading about it, but still scared of trashing my evo trying  any help much appreciated!"
going with a friend to shoot my first gun  please god don't let me kill anybody!!
"<propfemale>   i just realized something that never really occurred to me before  all those times i ever said \it doesn't take a genius  \"" well i take it back!"""
rum + grape juice = wheeeeeeeee lol that's better  smile 
"never make someone a priority when, to them, you are only an option "
"video bowling   dave says \jimmy all your strikes are getting boring \"""""
what is your favorite <propfirst> sheen quote?
"favorite quote i heard today    \just because i know you fart still doesn't mean i like it \"""""
