0f8f1c2b557bf4b9bace817fad37b340
"finally home  happy new year's everyone, welcome to 2010, the new decade!"
"somehow, whenever my friends send me a story that they're writing, it has terrible grammer and certain parts make no sense    but they do just fine in english at school "
"is rbc *singing* rockbrook camp forever, firm together stand     friends true and faithful       steadily we'll face the world so fearlessly and through the years that follow    *continues*"
is yummy pizza
is yellow porch
is back from camp- went by so fast!
is relaxing   
"-> my internet just told me that i had extremely dangerous viruses all over my computer and it was going to scan them if i pressed ok (there was no other option  ) so i shut down the computer and rebooted it, and before going on to the internet again i ra"
is short hair
"is leaving for <propfemale> tomorrow! au revoir, j'espere voir vous bientot!"
was watching the parent trap (the <propfirst> lohan version) and realised that they play the same music as was in the no limits' roaring 20's scene!
is i t a l y
is back from italy
is preseason
is thinking of a certain    emu    
is new schedule!
first day of high school
"is health class, first xc meet tomorrow, + a whole bunch of other stuff all going until next friday"
"isn't feeling well, and has every single class tomorrow"
another weekend gone     sigh    
is sooooooooooo bored of homework
homework  sad 
is going to an empty school           everyone is sick  dying  out for religious reasons
is bored of homework
has sore legs  crying 
my cat is failing at purring
the soybeans dislike <propfemale> and so it is the             attack of the soybeans!!!!!
is sick  sad 
bio is really trying to kill me
history notes  sad  not fun
is rippy the gator
4 day weekend!!!!!!!!
is <propfemale> days tomorrow! -8am
<propfemale> days
top hat  wink 
"\all is fair in love and war and this is revolution!\"""""
doesn't have to get up tomorrow-  laugh !!!
no school!
new uggs  laugh 
death by bio
"completely forgot her odyssey book- with which, of course, she has to finish writing a paragraph for first period tomorrow  sad "
"is post-lab (corn seeds, yey   )"
i *think* all the mud's off my legs   
french  sad   sad   sad   sad 
tomorrow's an e day- that makes me happy  smile 
history
hey <propmale> peoples- what's our homework? the harkness got me all confused    
late opening  smile 
last xc meet tomorrow  for this season at least
10-6 rehearsal
's sister has a learner's permit- should i be scared?
is long rehearsal + bio test + english rewrite + history in-class paragraph =
is oh come on odysseus- what about <propfemale>?? your wife???
becca + fireflies + radio = happiness for becca and me and <propfemale> l  and <propmale> and <propfirst> and <propfemale> and a bunch of other people too!
"reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one "
is little red riding hood 
pricked finger
home sick  sad 
is feeling awful  sad 
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you "
5 days and counting
yawn
4 more days     
kmk
is who here remembers catfish?? and #2 pencil company    
"n surprise ne died, that's something"
"that was one crazy, stressful performance!"
run for wellness + set strike + homework today
"last night, i had a dream where you got eaten by a tiger because you thought that there was a magical egg behind it  there wasn't  haha "
is laughing with <propfemale> at all the other facebook statuses  playful 
2 days         
two days seem like forever when they're filled with school  sad 
bio project       
"i just spent 5 mins trying to find a usb disk that wasnt full, and now it says that there's something wrong so i have to redo the whole thing"
happy thanksgiving!
mint floss  wink 
"big huge french quiz and then even bigger and more huge h bio test        and then a late opening, so both classes are 15 mins shorter  annoyed "
so proud of you <propfemale>  you finally found your way onto facebook 
weekend  + holiday ball is tomorrow
let it snow  love 
finally  found what i was looking for- now i don't have to make a whole set of <propmale> furniture
sweetgreen  love 
one day  thats it 
snow this weekend  love 
snow  love 
has gone braceless!!
christms <propfemale>  wink 
<propfemale> claus is comin' down the chimney tonight  love 
ireland  smile  is maith liom baile
happy new years <propfemale>  wink  enjoy the snow
stupid cold  sad 
caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarl!
g oqp  smile 
2hr delay  laugh   laugh 
oops
goodbye facebook until after exams
is jealous of those who got to have a pie party  sad 
pizza  smile 
"how is it that when you're writing a story it's super easy to write the part you didn't think about beforehand,  but it's so hard to write the part you've already thought out in your head?"
"just got back from mosaic, tidying up mosaic, and collecting sister  smile "
"oh yea, writing out 72 sentences of exactly the same thing is completly ok with us, m  guanire  > sad "
52 72 sentences done     
has been hacked by the coolest person in the world!!!!!!
last minute studying for mocks!!!  smile 
where is the lid? where is the lid? where is the liiiiiiiiiiiiiid?   laugh 
"come on holton, madeira already has a late opening tomorrow    "
just one day  that's all we wanted  just one snow day  is that too much to ask??
thank you holton!!!!! finally it's closed!!!
my chat's not working again      > sad 
crazy deep snow 
biggest snow since 1922! [according to the white house this much snow gets respect  wink )
why is madiera always let out of school for snow????
holton's closed!!!!!1
s eating pure <propfemale> <propfemale>  yum  laugh 
holton peoples: is anyone else having trouble getting onto their holton email???
"turns out that there is no milk, yogurt, orange juice, pesto, <propmale>, nutella, or baguettes at safeway  this is what happens when everyone's snowed in for a weekend   "
holton is officially closed through friday 
pancake tuesday!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"pancake tuesday! (for those of you who don't understand, think crepes galore)"
"just spent over 1 1 2 hours visiting my neighbour's elderly cat which is deaf, super skinny and adorable "
isn't it so weird when you find someone on facebook and they haven't changed a bit in those 6 years??
 love s her exchange student  worst part? french class is going to be so embarrassing- she's practically fluent in english!
"holton girls: what are you all doing during period 5 tomorrow? i'm taking a history quiz during that period, and <propfemale> (my french exchange student) will have nothing to do all period "
french homework: martians have how many fingers? they have 12 of them  there are how may cigarettes in a packet? there are 20 of them  cats have how many lives? they have 7 of them 
is watching mulan in french  ah-mazing
"what's the english homework- <propfirst>, period 2?"
favorite love calculator thing so far: <propfemale> (exchange student) + <propmale> (guanire  laugh  ) = 97%
stupid bio test   
what kind of teacher decides to give two in-class essays (total points equalling that of a test) the day that we get out for spring break??
"was packing for brazil- then realised that i don't know which clothes still fit anymore  therefore, i have been going through every single clothing item to see      but on the bright side, i'm leaving for brazil tomorrow!!!"
sitting in atlanta airport waiting for my flight    
"so far this spring break: snorkeled down a super-clear river with fish all around, sat behind two waterfalls, gone tubing down rapids, visited some famous caves, shopped, gotten my hair cut, and done innumerable other things!"
is eating a creme egg
great job punch peoples!
just got my ca guide in the mail   love  rbc  love 
stupid notecards  50 of them?? really?
i'm really not being able to concentrate on bio right now   
is very stiff from the slip n' slide yesterday  
"jerry: but you don't understand, osgood! [pulls off wig]  jerry: i'm a man!  osgood: well, nobody's perfect   - some like it hot"
dislikes the new google 
"question: for the term paper, how many paragraphs pages are needed? i'm wondering if i can cut out a paragraph    "
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!! (i feel so loved  wink  )
of course i would lose the usb on the one night that i really need it   
so bored of studying   
"computer is currently freaking out, saying it has a virus  currently i'm running the quick scan and saving everything to a flash disk "
turns out i'll have to take this computer to it tomorrow- i can't fix it and there's all this random stuff popping up     about 17 different types of antiviruses (some real and some fake) and somehow a porn site just popped up    
"made it all the way to <propfemale> in one piece! got about 1 hr of sleep, which is making this french keyboard much harder to navigate     for example, it took me several minutes to find the full stop button, and every time i write an a, q, z, w, or m i have to delete it because the wrong letter shows up!"
"apparently all of the apples around <propfirst> taste and feel exactly like pears, but they're not pears because everyone calls them apples and they look like apples   "
has sore feet from walking around <propfirst> all day   
"1am:  just got back to the house after returning everyone to their respective homes, after the amazing production we saw of <propmale> miserables"
"this is the life: sitting in a cafe overloking the seine in the evening, with notre dame and french music playing in the background while eating sorbet "
you know you're in <propfirst> when you see 5 smart cars squished into 2 normal parking spaces   
"fireworks @ the capitol, then sparklers at home  smile "
just back from a full day of whitewater tubing with <propfirst> o'byrne ( laugh ) but now is crispy fried all over my arms and legs  sad     
"new york @ 4 surprise 7 am: was woken up by a large electronic beep, then a voice telling us that they are 'checking on the fire alarm we just heard'  4 surprise 9 am: 7 fire truck stop outside our hotel  4:11 am: proper fire alarm goes off and everybody grabs essentials, heading for the door  4:15 am: we travel down 15 flights of stairs to be told that it's a false alarm   laugh  all in a morning's work    @ <propfirst> o'byrne"
loves vip ca calls from rbc  laugh   laugh 
home from camp  smile 
"no power for past 25 hours, with no idea when it will come back                   "
back from belize!!!
packing for what seems like the 15th time this summer     
just got back from <propfemale>'s vineyard yesterday  off to ireland today
ireland  smile 
returning to dc tomorrow!!
turns out that there's a chronology at the back of black boy  why didn't i find this earlier?????
ugh can't get my schedule because my mom's grades school directory <propfemale> in her portal won't work       sad   sad 
school tomorrow
how long are your terms lists???
just got back from an amazing evening at the jumping event at the world equestrian games- congrats to <propfemale> jeune!
anyone remember what the revalidation for noodlebib is?
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during the second wizarding war  the order brings unity, but the death eaters continue to <propmale> division and hatred  57ish citizens died in the terrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of    people    won't repost this  repost to show your support of dumbledore's army!"
tgif  laugh 
stupid english hw      sad 
"case conference times are on course <propfemale>- email her with time preferences  laugh  \\yes it is a 1 2 hr too early"
damn  french questions due tomorrow  as well as an english test  why can't it be friday yet???
ouch  sad 
babysitting
"what to do with a kid who \can't\"" get to sleep???"""
finally got my cax shirt in the mail today!!!  smile   smile 
birds-y techies actors: what time should we be there for the performance today??
got my sister and my mom to watch the literal <propmale> potter trailer  laugh 
up or down?
getting caught up on torchwood  laugh 
hates excel  > sad   probably doesn't help that my new watch has a really loud tick   
i'm going to die tomorrow  french test then honours history in class essay???
has finished everything to do with the term paper utterly and completely- all turned in performed  the icing on the cake? the red <propfemale> georgetown cupcake my mom got for me  laugh   love 
"no  (e playful letive)  way  my computer just deleted all of the history notes i made tonight  lenovo, i may have to kill you "
got into rbc hup 2011  (finally)
internet's been gone 2 days now  have resorted to sitting in a corner beside a drafty window to steal internet off the neighbours    
"i have to say- i absolutely love being in ireland  everybody is just so nice  example: random car gets stuck in the snow at a stoplight  instantaneously, half a dozen men between the ages of 12 and 90 jump out of their cars and start to help push it out of the snow  when the car finally gets out, everyone congratulates each other and drive off without a second thought   love "
i think that the history teachers actually want to kill us 
history exam  surprise 
"turns out that if a human was as fat as my cat, they would weigh 250 pounds  i don't think that diet's working quite the way it's supposed to    "
no school 
five head government officials resigning in ireland     implosion time o o
snowing again
"why, oh why, did i decide to be a good student and do my homework during right after school yesterday and then leave almost all my books at school???"
watching modern marvels on the history channel for her friday evening      laugh 
eating green tea <propfemale> kats that dad brought back from japan      laugh 
"in france    \-there is no norway\-there are only 5 continents\\ahh french class  "
tot saachi nangia- enjoy your clone status    fear bicycles- they are deadly    and don't forget your awesome pool jumping skills!
sick  sad 
friday 
anyone else having serious trouble with the holton website?
driver's <propmale> fail  no instructor?? really?? <propfemale> meltsner <propfemale> baker grace <propfemale> brew kaelin brittin
late opening
2 new <propfirst> pratchetts to read     laugh 
"thank you oh so much, mr  moreau, for getting our hopes up with the though 'extra credit' assignment  it was really quite disappointing to realize that nobody can do those problems "
spring break  love 
has done more shopping in the past two days than in the past three months    ah spring break  smile 
back in dc!
"it was 10am, then it was 10:25am, then it was 11:40am, then it was 4 smile 0pm and i had completely missed my deadline    then i woke up  it was 7:44 am on a non-school day   sad "
no  no school tomorrow  i forbid it  grr 
anyone have a picture of mr <propmale> on the runway??
holton people- who should i email in the it office for virus help???
sick  sad 
out of the blue was so amazing   love   love   love  
too hot for track  i don't think i've sweat that much    ever 
"engels, please  no footnote should ever take up 2 3s of a <propfemale>   "
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour"
"core i honors people- did any of you download the industrial revolution assignment sheet (last unit)? i need to look at it, but it won't let me get it on finalsite…"
yea has track- way to be awesome no matter what the weather!  playful 
casually meeting <propfirst> <propmale> at the american city diner on river road     laugh 
