5c440f4716f8c175293b7c6e3a80ad3d
happy
bored
"wants to hangout with somebody, i am so bored, somebody hit me up 206 406 0429"
is so damn bored and wants something to do
"being in the back of a cop car kicks ass!!!! i wasnt in trouble, i was on my way to identify 3 shoplifters haha but it was swweeeettt!!!!!!!!"
yea dude!!!! 8 days left till my birthday wwaahhhooo!!!! 19 coming around the corner!!!
<propfirst> if someone asks you if your a god you say yes!
hmmmm buffalo chicken salad    not too bad actually tastes pretty good
is feeling great baby thanks to beachbody's p90x workout ive lost 8 pounds since the 5th and im going strong baby oh yeaaa
"hell yea people i finally got to improve the sportage baby, took out the stock headlight bulbs and replaced them with sylvania silverstar ultra bulbs baby i have never seen my headlights so bright haha it totally makes a difference when driving now lol"
alright guys ive got a baja motorsport mini bike up for sale for 250 anyone interested? it takes the cheapest gas and has only been ridden on trails near my house 
this is fucking bullshit!!!!!! another helper who i have seniority over has more damn hours as a helper then me ive got fucking 12 and hes got 18 this aint gonna fuckin happen nuh uh my boss is gonna here about this shit from me tommorrow!!!!!
"oh yea no work till saturday and no school till next week baby 2 quarters down, it went by so fast"
"i just dont know anymore, i have too many things going on in my head about certain things and people, ive got to figure this stuff out"
"i just dont know anymore,i cant believe i waited so long to ask her to go out with me im so stupid, now i cant so anything about it  sad  life sucks  sad "
starting to feel much better about stuff
ups is <propfemale> dammmn slowww
bored someone text me
just lovin life lol
had an amazing weekend with some friends in at my <propfemale> cabin definitely gotta do that again!!!
man ive got a big full filled day ahead of me tomorrow gotta work in the early morning for 6 hours an then get straight to my bros band practice so we can figure out there light situation for there gig wednesday night an club motor and then got a friends grad party to attend ha
wahhooo!!!!! so happy that im finally getting a promotion at my work!!!!!  laugh 
ahh dont u just love those hour long lunchs where ur in a breakroom an uve read just about every flippin magazine up there and theres still like a half hour left omg!!!! what to dooo!!!
ahhhh the cabin is freaking awesome i needed this vacation oh yea 85 degree weather all week baby haha
oh yea baby!!!!! 95 degrees and the water is sooo freaking refreshing!!!!! i love my cabin!!!!
"had an awesome at my cabin, just perfect weather and the water was awesome, cant wait to do it again in august!!"
only 5 days till starcraft 2 wahhoooo!!!!!!!!
starcraft 2 is freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!
had a freaking awesome weekend with the gf and went on an interesting but fun double date haha
omg this is going to be one busy week wow can u say zero freetimei hope it at least goes by fast
i just love it when people call in and dont show up especially on a hot day when u know exactly what there doing cuz no way are they sick when its a 90 degree weather day  and then leave there mess for someone else to clean up!!!!!!! i am so mad right now!!!!
lets see working 5 days this week and ive got class finals oh boy this is gonna be such a fun week i can already tell lol     not  annoyed 
wahhoooo last day of class tomorrow then vacation for 2 weeks wahoo
alright people its funtasia time and we need a nice group of people to go now whos with me lol
"thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday!! it has been awesome so far, thanks again"
i just love waking up on these early mornings and going to class an taking these stupid ge classes that i will never need in life   not
f***ing a man hells yea life is going awesome for me right now! ive reconciled with my best friend again an were becoming best buds again and ive got an awesome girlfriend and my job just keeps getting better an better! i love my life as of right now!
"things are going awesome with the girlfriend, work and me!!!!! oh yea down alot of weight and pant sizes!!!!!!"
alright time for another exciting morning starting at 130am ugh i hope t goes by quick cuz my sleep energy level is going down fast lol and then debating on going to class today or not only because i could really use he sleep when i get home but we shall see 
yayyy for disney!!!! cant wait to finally get an awesome vacation coming soon!! especially with my loving gf  laugh  i am so happy right now  smile 
ugh school! ugh homework! ugh finals! need vacation! need it to be december all ready!
"okay i love it when it snows but it sucks when it wreaks havoc on my work, today is gonna be a long day since the morning frate wont be here till the afternoon now oh joy"
"hmmmmm list of people to get for christmas\mom, dad, bro, gf, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale> an <propmale>, \list   check\shopping    not yet lol"
when i wake  up tomorrow im gonna get up an go to disneyland!!!!!!!! ohh happy day happy day!!!!
oh yea baby this morning is going awesome first class here i come oh yeaaa
hmmm start looking into firefighting? or stay at safeway? hmmm
alright now time to wait for the shuttle to take us to the airport onward home we go
"alright schedule time for the week, on monday gotta call evcc and talk to them about their fire service program and get all of my questions anwsered and hopefully their the anwsers that i want ha then i could be going their instead of itt and start the dream that ive always wanted to be since i was little ha"
"alright got a meeting with the head guy of the fire service program at evcc, hopefully everything goes the way i want to then im done with itt an hello to evcc fire service babayy wish me luck ppl"
"idk what to do im stuck between lots of choices, my credits wont transfer from itt to evcc for the fire science program but i really wanna do it, its been my dream since i was little, what should i do? quit itt and go to evcc or stay with itt and then go to evcc? or do them both at the same time since evcc is at night an itt is in the morning??? i dont know what to doo  sad "
oh yea baby love my parents they got me <propfemale> suprised last night i got a 42 in lcd hdtv flat screen babayy oh yeaa perfect for gaming an watchin movies an shows with the gf  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
ohh yea sleek chrome ontop of a <propfemale> blue plasma paint job and roaring pipes as i rev it up oh yea ive just bought it now i gotta pass my 3 day classes next weekend then im all set baby
i love it when kids these days come out of someones house talking to there buds saying dude this is a really nice cold beer too bad you gotta go you want one for the road and the kid says yea lol wow what morons
ugh i wish the advisors would make up there freaking minds about canceling school today already lol i wanna go home an sleep lol
alright day 1 of 3 of motorcycle classes then endorsment an riding time oh yeaa!
mmmmmmm ohhhhhh who wants a body massage?? body massage machine goooo!!
alright day 2 of 3 done with the motorcycle classes babay and ive passed my written test oh yeaaa now all thats left is to take my driving test and thats it endorsment time!!
alright motorcycle driving class day 1 of 2 then im all done yay the parking lot is clean of gravel an sand and all the bikes are coming out of the cargo container oh a happy morning already!
oh yea babayy passed my motorcycle class today and got my endorsment card oh yeaaaa time to start ridin!!!
yayyyy for the dol being open on mondays!!! once work is finished im heading there to renew my liscense and to get my endorsement for my bike put on there yayyhhooo!!!! and then i get to spend the day with my loving girlfriend jaynelle!!!!! oh happy dayy!!!
wow i dont think the dol in <propmale> could be anymore packed and way understaffed wow you think since there the only ones open that they would have alot more people staffed for the stands but noooo
"alright now what to do   \1  taxes   check\2 wish the beautiful girlfriend goodmorning   check\3 shop for valentines day   in progress"
alright getting alot more ideas on what to get my lovely gf for valentines day  laugh  sales are sweet!!!!
worst halftime show ever in the history of the superbowl's!!!!!!!
alright lets see ive got 2 xbox games to beat by wednesday is it possible??? i think so!
