d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1
"<propfirst> moschete made me do it, blame him!"
<propmale> marley is the man  best comedian ever 
i can't find a site that streams gunslinger girl without the damn english dubs 
college seminar sucks balls  i hate having to skip lunch for it 
bleach has a badass soundtrack  rurouni kenshin as well 
why does making a warcraft 3 clan take so damn long  people on bnet are such tards cause they are impatient bastards that don't want to stay in one place for more than 3 seconds 
wantz burger <propmale>   
fucking addictive dota    i will get you for this!!!!! (stayed up until 2 surprise 0am playing dota)
salty soup is salty soup    and salty soup is ramen  yum   
how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
"dirt tastes good when your hungry  don't ask, but lets just say that i thought that the cafeteria food tasted particularly good today "
"tired from pokemanz    even though we only got through like 1 and 1 10 movies out of 3  1 10 pokemanz, 1 10 pizza, 2 10 <propfirst>'s, 6 10 brawl "
its kind of akward when you have nothing interesting to say on your own facebook <propfemale> 
parents be bitches yo    i hate them when they will not leave your life alone    wtf yo   
neeeeeed    moarz <propfemale> coke   
sleep is a good thing    need to go to sleeep   
what is the difference between spontaniously combusting and spontaniously being set on fire to a point of e playful loding?
you know you're a true geek when you love listening to video game themes 
over two months of being seizure-free  this is truely a happy new year  happy new year everyone 
cramming school projects into one night really isn't so bad  in two nights i got my multiculuralism final done and in one night i got my photography project done  for college seminar i finished my draft for my final in a study hall  its just tedious work    school sucks  lol
ugh      senior year is so god damns tressful  i neeed more caffine  why does the year seem to be going by a hella lot slower even though i only have to go to half of it? buuuuuull shiiiiiit  > >
world wake pre-release was sooooooooooooooooooooo dissapointing  i got complete and utter junk rares  i love the set though  a nice second set to the block 
yuck  getting quarter 2 work in during quarter 3 is a bitch on a stick  (wtf   ?)
"world wake draft, 5th pick admonation angel = ^^ x 100000000000000"
dumb jorma and his pre-calc homework   
too    much    chocolate    cake    bleah    (pretend barf)
sad emo face for no dota due to phail laggy constantly logging hosting bot   sad 
"you know, its kinda depresssing that from the moment we are born we begin to die "
"oh wtf, people actually remembered  lol "
"graduation party at my house  starting at 3 surprise 0pm till like 5 or 6  if you want to come and don't know where i live,  it's <propmale> way off of blackstrap and its the second house on the right  feel free to pop on in, no rsvp needed "
"looking back, high school wasn't as bad as i thought it was  i will miss my brilliant educators who made me who i am today  best wishes to them "
"surgery sounds good  epilepsy kinda sucks so    yeah, driving could be fun "
portcon  the best 4 days of the year  just the best ever 
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffff portcon is r over  sadface 
"like, what is up with life man  our entire way of thinking and logic could be flawed or worse, completely incorrect  what is even more mindblowing is that what i am typing right now has no merit to it as it is using that very same type of thinking and logic that could very well be flawed! omg man  deep "
"so, i'm going to start doing \riddle of the day\"" in a sad attempt to get people to post on my wall more often  lets start  (continued on in next post)"""
"riddle of the day: \the boxng match \"" at the end of a long hard boxing match", one boxer was knocked out by the\d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1,"riddle of the day: \stranger danger \"" a man and his wife were driving quickly from the suburbs into town when \",d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1,"riddle of the day: \flying high\"" a novice skydiver had gotten into a plane one day and was planning to do\",d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1,"riddle of the day: \wind of the trees\"" i can change in the blink of an eye  despite my ability to shape-shift",\d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1,"riddle of the day: \wind of the trees\"" i can help to keep people informed", and\d4c35fce74b3e3ff3c8fae4a832c39e1,"negativity thrives on positive thoughts  to avoid negativity, simply do not think positive "
turtles 
only the kool kids wear glasses 
herfa derfa derf 
"thinking back on when i opened my dad's car door to get out of it i stopped to think for a moment  is this all real? its probably been said before, but thinking about it from the perspective of someone who is not of our world or of our logic is extremely difficult if not impossible  (continued in next post)"
"(continued from last post) to actually fully understand the meaning of our world we would have to \become another being that is not of our world or logic  its like \trapping a <propfirst> of light inside a box of mirrors on the inside \of it  how do we actually know that the <propfirst> of light is in there \bouncing from mirror to mirror? seems almost, if not already, \impossible  my head hurts wtf have i been typing?!"
  -   com
judgement!!!!!
"weird, this kid called <propmale> smith started chatting to me on facebook  who is this guy? lol "
<---- can't remember 9 of the 12 months of the year when half of his brain is turned off  literally 
cutting my hair soon for surgery  anyone know how long it needs to be to donate it to anywhere?
"things that walk up to you and punch you in the face, then never say \sorry\"" for doing it  life """
"hair is cut, in a bag and ready for delivery  measured 10 inches so i'm all set for locks of love  i think "
things that are nice to come home to after a day of <propfirst>'s and a movie  home-made chicken <propmale> 
it sucks how much you appreciate something after seeing it in a movie  hollywood has a retarded asmount of influence over the public 
"things that facebook doesn't do, arrival days  watevz  happy arrival day to myself "
saying goodbye to my computer for a while  will be updating on whats going on from day to day though 
laying back in my hoapital bed  skull sliced open with some terrific grdis and strips all over my right brain side  head also hurts like hell 
"day four in this hellish hole  days have been okay, and nights have been murderous  each day is getting better though  my body is starting to used to this pain until the good old'fasioned pain killers come into play "
surgery moved to friday  woke up this morning with fluids coming out of my head  fantastic 
things that are dumb and stupid and keep falling off  headwraps 
"last day before surgery, lots of mapping to do in preperation and then off to the operating room tomorrow at 7am "
night before surgery  full of anticipation  can't wait to get this over with  home by tuesday or wendsday 
"back at home, day 3 or 4 or something like that  feeling great  getting better each day "
"woke up today feeling great  i can't get out of the house quite yet  if anyone would like to visit me, i would love to see someone  just give me a call on my home phone 207-878-5652 "
first shower in weeks  felt so good  being clean never felt so good 
things that suck when you can't do them  falling asleep 
the future is looking brighter with each passing day 
why the hell am i up so early?
first mcy d's burger in weeks  never tasted so good 
"first day out of the house and at the store  was good to see everyone  thank you <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propmale> for your concern while i was visiting "
"had\ my first glass of milk yesterday since the start of my hospitalization \ white skim deliciousness in a glass  so tasty  time to start fortifying\ my bones with some good ol vitamin c "
"off to the store today for my first fnm in over a month  can't wait to lose to <propmale> wall, only the best limited player evar "
i has lost my taste for dr  pepper  weird 
home-cooked meals are always the best kind of meal  thanks mom for being an awesome cook 
turtles  nuff said 
what is a man? a miserable pile of secrets  but enough talk  have at you!
"if god were real then he's pretty cruel to watch his creations suffer  after reading and hearing all the good stuff about him, you'd think that he would at least try to help instead of sitting back on his fatass eating popcorn and watching us humans die to natural disaster and war like it were a movie  damn  what a depressing movie he's composed "
"almost died from sneezing after moving everything in my room while cleaning it, letting all the dust that has piled up between it all over the ages  thank you hot showers for being so freaking awesome and by that i mean, clearing out my sinuses "
"grow hair, grow! a bad haircut was not included in the contract i signed when i had brain surgery "
have a terrific turkey day everyone 
ride ze shoopuff?
like this wall post if you ate from more than 5 dishes at the thanksgiving meal 
"you all are so awesome  i am so fortunate to have been able to grow up\with my family and become friends with such great people  thank you mom and dad for being with me through tough times in the hospital  thank you <propfirst> and <propfirst> for always being there to <propfemale> out with and have fun with  thank you all my friends for just being awesome  being able to talk to, play magic with, and share the good and fun times with "
facebook is retarded  freaking 420 character limit 
things that are bad to be without: pants 
cake or pie? both is not an option 
sooooooooooooooo friggin bored 
cake or pie? both is not an option  neither is cherpumple  (i still hate you forever bridges)
my own state  my own house  my own cats  my own room  my own computer  i like to call a place with all these things home  here i come maine 
all them people in school should get two weeks off instead of one  the first to eat and the second to digest 
making microwave popcorn: not my forte  burnt 3 4 attempts 
"so, blood coming out of your head is a bad hing isn't it? haha, woke up and started picking at a scab on my head  bad news bears when i looked at my hand and saw it was red  nothing too bad though  damn you itchy head  stop being itchy "
"eh, being woken up from naps suck  it sucks even more when you fall back to sleep and then are woken up again "
"christmas tree is up, undecorated  oh lord what are we thinking  our cats are going to wreck the shit out of it "
i was going to say something then i forgot  rage!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fml 
"\i feel like the meat in an incompitent sandwich \"""""
"so in other news, coke zero < diet coke "
things that are only the best things to sooth a clustered mind: naps 
one of my nose pieces came off of my glasses today  wearing them now hurts my nose  go figure 
"if the sky was a different color, would it affect the way we live?"
100% grape juice should just be re-named 100% great juice  just because its just that great 
"ffs <propmale>  i've never met a cat that purrs when he annoys the hell out of someone  those darn cats and them sitting in front of your monitor, then acting all innocent like they didn't do anything "
nap time  yes 
pokemon has the best soundtrack to listen to while taking a shower 
cincinati chili bitches  only the best of the best of the best of the best of the best meals in the entire world 
christmas is coming up  woot woot  everyone now go do something super fantastic to celebrate  <propfemale> christmas everyone 
met with mr  morse for lunch today  it was freaking awesome to see him again 
"oh glasses, where would i be without you today? whenever i wear you its like seeing into another dimension  a dimension that is so much fucking easier to see shit in  <propfemale> christmas glasses "
"for the record, blowing your nose without a tissue is a bad idea "
"why the hell not  let's put my middle name in too  oh hax, now all of you know that my middle name is <propfirst> "
"if i had to change my name to anything, i would change it to <propfirst> pilgram  that's right lady's and gentlmen, guess who just watched \<propfirst> pilgram vs  the world\"" for the first time?"""
"so, true facts  v8 is actually really good  now everyone go out and get a 8 oz  glass full and get your daily servings of vegetables and fruits all in one beverage  and for only the low cost of 110 calories "
using the third letter of your first name describe me  be nice please  copy and paste this to your wall if you so please 
"oh super <propfirst> land, how much joy your main theme gives me  it can only be described in headbanging "
"so, fun things to do in the cold outside while trudging through snow  dragging out old christmas trees out 50 feet back into the woods  fun stuff, surely "
the only thing more annoying than a cat wanting attention is    oh wait there is none 
thinking about closing my facebook for college applications  thoughts?
"\why are we always wearing gloves?\"" guess the film this quote is from """
"\we are sex <propmale> omb and we're here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!!!\"""""
"i am the bane of my existence  wait, what?"
water is the best remedy for a thirsty 18 year old boy  so i drink lots of it 
"lately, cats have been flooding in and out of my room  since when did they start liking my room? since when did they start liking me?"
"so, things that make you feel less like you're doing nothing in your life: school  finally back in the swing of things  online courses are boss "
why    why am i sick of only the best ribs on earth??? why god    why???
"showers refresh every part of the body, even the mind  how does hot water do this? brilliant "
"why does my hair always do this weird thing where the right portion swings to the left and the left portion swings to the right, then gets stuck that way?"
"found a new button down shirt in my closet  where do they keep coming from? this is the third time this has happened  no complaints, just want to know "
things that aren't fun: dropping your phone in v8  things that are fun: getting to dunk your v8 covered phone into a huge bowl of white rice for 24 hours  things that are also fun: getting a new phone 
"things that are just so much fun to do: essay writing  no, i'm serious, i love it  i love writing, its freaking awesome "
too bad online courses don't have snow days 
whenever i listen to sex <propmale> omb i feel a need to geek  geek so hard 
"\how are we supposed to follow this? we're not gonna win we're not gonna sign with g-man! we'll never play opening night at the chaos? theater! god damn it <propfirst>? will you please stop just standing there! you're freaking me out!\"""""
i know i'm going to regret eating this mcdonald's  it just tastes too good though 
only true magic players care about artwork    and hot pockets are freaking delicious 
livinskies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i feel like a complete and total idiot and failure, but i feel like i've accomplished something because of it "
you know you're too tired when you have five glasses of v8 on your desk only then to go downstairs shortly after wards to bring up another 
things that suck: computer viruses  things that don't suck: pc answers  hope to have it back soon  system tools can kiss my ass 
"one day, i will go to livinskie's, walk in and just yell as loud as i can, \livinskie's!\"" it will be great  would anyone like to accompany me?"""
"i could live on hot pockets, water, and v8  three things that are just so super delicious "
brains are supposed to be useful  this is evident by the last three minutes i've spent trying to type this status update without typos and good grammer 
nap time  goodbye world  hello bed 
waking up time  goodbye bed  hello world 
this keyboard of mine  its annoying as all freaking hell 
i hate bad nostalga  especially when it resurfaces in your own house 
awwww yeah  mr  <propfirst> york's dad is awesome 
"okay, after watching toy story 3 for the second time i have to ask  funniest toy in the set of movies?"
"so, today is officially my three month anniversary since my second surgery, the one where they removed the piece of brain  two days ago, the 27th, was my three month anniversary since my last seizure  happy days  happy days "
"guys, i actually got to sleep on a bed at someone's house besides mine  oh <propmale> nickerson, you are indeed only the coolest kid i have ever known "
"so, i think it would be a good idea to take out the cards i put in my button down pocket before i throw them in my laundry basket  might save me from almost losing a foil and none foil wild pair, a figure of <propfemale>, a chameleon colossus, a coalition relic, four prismatic omens, two glissa the traitor promos, a red sun zenith, and a hero of bladehold  seems like a good idea  oh yeah and a bunch of jank rares "
i am a geek and proud of it  like this if you too are a geek and are also proud to be called one 
meh 
like this if you are happy you met me! put this as your status to see how many you get!
"why is it that i always bring up a glass of v8 to my room and then five minutes later when i go downstairs to get something, i bring up another? i mean, its good and all, but i don't need two tall glasses of it "
"final fantasy ix, why do you have one of the best video game osts evar? oh yeah, its because it was all composed by nobuo uematsu  what a badass "
possible <propfemale> garden tonight? win 
"i went to my computer ready to post a status update then i forgot what i was going to say, so instead i decided to post how much of a dunce i am "
"what? college applications? they're done? baller, methinks "
what has been going on lately? first an actual bed at <propmale> nickerson's house and then a comfortable couch at buck dean gabe shawn's house  good times 
"so, i finally got a new usb cable for my mp3 player yesterday after having lost mine a few months ago  happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy, joy, joy "
super bowl plans: not much  how about you all? anything exciting?
blarghinhoofinstein 
eating  food  is  yum 
"so, i just went around my room and counted all the turtles in it  i counted 75  holy frigity frick "
i revise my previous statement  i made inventory check and came up with 160 turtles my second time counting  yeah  only missed 85 of them 
"stomach ache, good job eating up my entire day you jerk "
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just got word that i was accepted into new england college  yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
