445e640ba9e9f235a77e75d8092a24eb
"super pissed, stubbed my toe 20 times in the matter of five minutes   "
laughing maniacally while stroking the york pieces that <propfemale> left here   laugh 
my cat desides to lay on me right as i'm about it get off the computer  now i'm stuck here for all eternity watching gilmore girls (stupidest show ever) with nothing to do 
hate having an awesome hair day on a rainy day   
"seriously desturbed    out of curiousity, i looked up the world record for the biggest boobs  38kkk its seriously gross  i sincerely hope that the picture was photo shoped   "
"i tried going to pandora, but i accidently hick-uped while trying to type  instead i went to panedora com   "
"spending rest of the night with my dad  fml  really wish i didn't have too, but it is father's day so   "
"it's way to frickin early to be up, but of course i can't sleep  so, time to go stalk some friends!!"
"ah!!! this sucks!! i'm tired as fuck, but i can't get to sleep!!! i'm seriously about to start pulling my hair out!!"
"went to the mall, found the cutest outfit  can't wait until i actually have enough money to buy it   "
"i think i might actually have ocd  i realized this when i started organizing my pieces of flair by color and shade  now i have three boards; one for color, one for white, and one for black   "
<----- aww aint i cute  smile 
"sleep, glorious sleep   "
watching moonlight at <propfirst> <propmale>'s house tonight! sure to be a riot like always!!  laugh 
"staying with <propfemale>, helping her house watch <propfirst>'s place while she's in florida! whooo!!"
   
"staying with <propfirst> draughan tonight; sure to watch some bad movies (like we always do)  laugh  (i just realized how to tag, so i had to do it!!)"
there are three big red fire trucks just chilling in front of my house  i'm freaking out a little bit  they keep looking over here; i think my house might e playful lode soon 
"i love <propfemale> franz and <propfirst> draughan  mwahaha, you've been tagged "
"dear dumbasses, thank you for ruining my day  love, <propfemale> "
"dear world, seriously? seriously?? > annoyed  you're really starting to piss me off  love, you're bestest friend, <propfemale> "
is wondering where all these fucking photos came from and how to make them go away    
show of hands: who's ready for the zombie apocalypse?
staring at a pile of homework  hoping it'll burst into flames  don't think it will   crying 
"hoping if i stare at the computer long enough it will finish my paper for me  but nothing i stare at does what i want     sigh, guess if you want something done right    or at all    you have to do it yourself "
i don't quite understand the point of short hand  are you really so lazy you can't type two more letters?
"i've lost my memory and just found a safety deposit box full of fake passports, some guns, and a lot of money  what should i do next?"
procrastinators of the world unite!    tomorrow   
you know your life is dull when new arm rest covers with pockets makes you squeel    hahaha
watching big bang theory with the smexy person ever (aka <propfirst>)  best show ever!!
thanks a lot revenge of the nerds  you ruined pie for me 
we are no longer the knights who say nie   
my cat's watching house   laugh 
"strawberry, all the way "
