9f12eac2a24091bc81c5c0d3cc372991
i wish i had some tacos right now  sad  im so hungry   and tired   and bored   and a lot of other stuff
hey guys
sometimes i wonder y soccer is so popular i mean its a bunch of dudes runnin around for an hour and a half hardly scorin and when i watch it i get bored easily can any1 e playful lain y its popular?
"5 days of work+ 8 hrs a day+ plus practice and a game= damnit im tired\4 tacos+ 4 slices of pizza= awesomeness"
2 days till my block party and its goin to b sweet we got a shitload of illegals and we gonna light it up happy 4th
happy 4th to all the pyro maniacs out there who like blowin stuff up dont play it safe and burn something down thats the real american way to do it
today was somewat disappointing for me the illegals were cool but there wasnt much else after that  sad 
sweet i can do hangin sit ups! highlight of my day
lol i just found out that lesbians like <propfirst> bieber because he looks like a girl!!!!
mini-earthquake!!!! yay!!
yeah!! predators comes out today!!! its gonna b sick!
"schebule 4 2010-2011\0- alg 2 fleager\1- chem brunet\2- pe armstrong\3- span 2 metry-weule\4- wld h cu ge hp shimogawa5- draw paint 1 rocha\6- eng 2 lightner"
fanfest was amazing and tiring but it was awesome
i just realize that i have nothin to look forward to when i finish workin now that baseball is over  sad 
"well ppl, i will c every1 on fb in 10 days after tonight"
i just saw a shooting <propfemale>!
whew finally back from bootcamp and im really tired  sad 
we r wild and young we have just begun slow it down u move a little too fast gotta take a deep breath and make it last these should b the best days of ur life
a day at wild rivers and a day at the beach leave me with a full body sunburn and it sucks!
"heres my schedule   \0  alg 2 fleager\1  eng 2 hp paul\2  span 2 rubio     3  pe 2 shoup     4  draw paint 1 mitchell\5  wld h hp shimogawa   6  chem brunet"
ugh been at the eye doctor for an hour and a half soooo bored and i still have 2 do my hw   annoyed 
"sooooooooooooooooooo sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeepppyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy goin to sleep now nite\zzzzz\        zzzzz\                zzzzz\                        -_-"
hangin out in the police station is cool
for those that dont know look up lol limewire on google and click im feeling lucky
woo! late night taco <propfemale> tacos + a quesadilla =  smile  super happiness    i wish i could have those tacos again though  sad 
a splitting headache is no way to have a good sat nite  sad 
possibly gonna get a 360 on wednesday and i will finally b able to complete the halo series
sooo bored w o my computer some1 txt me
"oh no, we gotta go  we're not gonna live forever  why, why we gotta die? you know that we'll be together  hey, hey, we gotta say  i could never be a savior  you don't have to be there 'cause i'm never, never, never coming home "
sometimes i wish that i could just escape the world and do watever i wanted then i could b happy all the time
i like me
for anyone who has mrs  brunet can u tell me how to find whats left of the excess reactant for #92?
ugh i got 2 do a lot of hw still and when i was eatin dinner a bug landed in my food  sad 
"1stperson to like this, you will be my profile picture for 24 hours  2nd person to like this, your last name will be my last name for a week   3rd person, i will say i'm married to you for a week  4th person, i will write on your wall saying    \i love you  \"" 5th person i will       answer    any question for you(in pr      ivate)  put this as your status if you're brave"""
happy birthday to the united states <propfemale> corps  semper fi
ok so just finished watching toy story 3 and i almost cried so depressing  sad 
when you feel you're alone cut off from this cruel world your instincts telling you to run listen to your heart those angel faces they'll sing to you they'll be your guide back home where life leaves us blind love keeps us kind it keeps us kind
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind  -ghandi
is rockin out 2 music for no apparent reason  smile 
"new movies i watched today: legion, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> in wonderland all good movies"
woo hoo! just solved my first rubix cube
did <propfirst> bieber seriously get artist of the year? im afraid for what the world has come to this signifies the end of the world
a beatiful morning in big bear listenin to my ipod drinkin <propfemale> ale   life is good
yay its snowing here up in big bear
ghost hunters marathon all day 2day!  smile 
"great i had panda e playful ress for dinner and i eat the fortune cookie and it says \if u want something u must earn it\"" > sad """
just got back from watching due date  laugh  now to eat my own wieght in ice cream  smile  life is good
just made jv golf now to get out on the course more
sick alllllll day  sad 
i got good news and bad news; the bad news is im out till monday the good news is i got cataclysm  laugh  so excited
hahaha miley <propmale> was videotaped smokin a <propfemale> and they showed it on tmz lol great role model all u miley <propmale> fans
"put this as your status and see what color you get before 2011 \red: i love you  ?\pink: you're cute   wink \green: you're funny   playful \white: i used to like you   smile \   yellow: you're amazing   smile \black: i miss you   sad \blue: friends forever   laugh \purple: you're hot   wink \brown: you're sweet   smile \aqua: i want to be yours forever   love 33\grey: you're a retard, but i love you  ( annoyed \hey   why not lol "
finally! 360 with 250g  laugh  and black ops
im like seasoning i make a lot of things better but not everything
just survived a visit 2 the dentist y cant there b an easier way 2 take care of ur teeth? -_-
the best things in life r never easy to get so when u get that thing its made so much better by the fact that u worked hard to get it
got up at 10 this morning and worked on my <propmale> project and i just now finished
ok so i went to go sit down in my lazy boy chair and i totally tip it over and i couldnt stop laughing ah good times
wat?! the jets upset the pats? thats awesome now lets get the bears to beat the packers
truth is    like and ill tell you(;
borrrrrreeeeddddd    
im so done with things right now  sad 
mmmmmm taco bell   feel so full 3 tacos a steak quesadilla and fiest potatoes good dinner  smile  and watchin bully beatdown even better
"nobody will ever let you know\when you ask the reasons why\they just tell you that you're on your own\fill your head all full of lies\-black sabbath"
any1 else not able to get on to zangle?
i need a reason for the way things have to be
farewell to all of my friends in 6th per  i may miss some of u but i will miss all of u if that makes any sense
just got my tux for formal it says 'im formal but i came to party'
god killer sore throat really hot and it hurts to swallow or eat or drink anything gosh terrible way 2 start off a
we built this city on rock and roll
"it's almost valentines day, copy this as your status and see what you get messaged ( annoyed message me annoyed green: i like you \silver: i miss you\pink: be my valentine?\         teal: i think your beautiful\yellow: i wanna kiss you * annoyed red: i love you \purple: lets chill\gold: i used to like you \black: i think you're cute"
had a good game today even though it was a scrimmage i still did pretty good
omg i did it! i did it!  smile  all that hard work and i finally did it!
lookin for somethin to do  annoyed 
wat is it that makes celebrities better than the average person in society? rnt they just ppl too? y do ppl freak when they see some1 who stars in a movie do u really know that person or just think u know them?
i just saw something really depressing  sad 
sometimes i wonder wat is with the world today? and i sometimes am afraid of wat the future will look like we all need the healing power of rock and roll to bring the world right back where it needs to b
home is where the heart is and my heart is at home
"i would like my facebook friends & family to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right \this is fun, try it out if you like, but keep it nice and clean smile -"
if anything can exist does that mean nothing can exist also?
booyah! california burrito and a monster me happy
i wonder wat goes through some1s head when its some1 u cant figure out
shout it shout it shout it out loud
ok so i have my periodic table drawn and all the elements labeled and their names written and all i have to do is color for the next 2 days and it only took me a few hours all in swahili too
i want u to write the opening for my movie this is not real but i thought it would b fun to do so b creative   it starts with me waking up in my bed   now finish it in any way u can think of
woo done with my periodic table and its pretty darn sexy if i may say so myself
bleh sick all day and i have nothing to do i just woke up after falling asleep for 3 hours and im hungry   sad 
jackass 3!
im gettin too good at snipers so many noobs and so many headshots its like they want me to kill them
y is it that so many ppl have so many problems? such weird things r goin on now   
<propfirst> belmares
herpegonasyphillaids
i just dont get our generation
"\the truth is worse than anything i bring could myself to do to you\"""""
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one person on fb has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you before my father at the gates of heaven  (mat 10 smile 3) this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  just copy and paste     no shame here"
well we didnt win our game but we tied and im happy with that considering we came back
wat should i name my new fish? so far all i have is <propmale>
steak and lobster tail dinner at claim jumper? i think so  laugh 
thanks to every1 whos wished me a happy birthday it made my day even better than it already was
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! my generation grew up reciting this every morning in school with my hand on my heart with respect  they no longer do that for fear of offending someone! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone   "
had a great night last night thanks to every1 who came to my party i hope u all had an awesome time 2
rrrreeeeddd <propfirst>
