142af859bb38d6effbb2fbd1ae20e859
here i am returning to the bondage of the facebook application
i thank god for my freedom today i know this is something i take for granted
my baby is naughty!! and i cant find my cell phone!!
is it weird that my 1 year old call me by name instead of mom?
so my lover calls me at 6 smile 0 am and says are ya up? i reply shocked no! and he says oh?    well are ya having a good day?! come on!!
so my lover calls me at 6 smile 0 am and says are ya up? i reply shocked no! and he says oh?    well are ya having a good day?!      come on!!
"well i am on \vacation\""  it is 10 pm--and here i am on facebook  annoyed """
uh oh momma's got a new lab top!!!
"\lap\"" top whatever"""
late night scrabbllin' it up tired!!
it  hurts but it is funny my one year old can kick my butt
sleep!!!!!!!
hmmmmm- addiction is a disease that effects the entire family
i really enjoy my job and its challenges
here i am again! on this dang face book making ridiculous avatars of people!!! and it is 10 smile 0
would like out
from now on call me <propfemale> willow---k mmk
i hate what <propfemale> do to me face book---moon <propfemale>
how can <propfemale> <propfemale> dispise and love one person so much??
i hope i can be this productive at work tommorrow
<propfemale> <propfemale>- can insulate and sheet rock by her self!!!
"i love my niece so much! and i was <propfemale> crocker, <propmale> the builder, nanny  mcfee, taxi, service master, and a shopper all in one day---oh wait and a loving wife"
off to work we go!
"he says \ya got some jiggle ma\"""""
feeling good bike ride and work out!!
grrrrrrrrr i said grrrrrrrr---okay i feel better
had a good time at the zoo even if some people were       well    a little edgy  smile  just kidding it was fun girls thanks!
i want to keep going      i am so frickin tired      i cant
off to work
got to go to the gym  annoyed 
"<propfirst> says and i quote \ mom i can eat stuff and poop out little brown crap    i can!\"""""
not real motivated at work today  annoyed 
i hate (yes i realize mom that is a strong word) i hate stupid human tricks games!
thank god it is friday!!
what?! mama gets to leave town!!!! with out her herd?!!
it has been a good past 2 days
i dont want to be a drill sageant  sad 
"what does \day off \"" technically mean?"""
"ahhhhh, work"
it has been a full day!
so glad it is my friday!!
happy birthday bri!!!!!
everything is so temporary       
i dislike my contacts very much and will go blind until i can replace them with glasses     
"wow -productive day, but i have kicked my own rear with productivity!!"
good morning new day!
i dont like making painful decisions
"hmmmm, monday"
overwhelmed i hate this feeling!!
i really enjoy good company
i love the times when i am madly in love with my husband!
one more paper to write  sad 
i dont want too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propfemale> i know you are out there, sister you are missing out!!! mama's gonna get some good sleep tonight!!"
"have you ever been so tired that, well things just don't make much sense?"
"i dont want to learn about advection simulators, i just want to catch up on much needed sleep"
hey can someone just run to sams club for me?
why dont i just go to bed
fixing toilets is a real shatty job if you know what i mean!
"my life is good, thank you lord"
i am in love with the coffee bean  smile 
"there are times when i question the human race, but today i thank god for those people in my life that are living breathing proof that amoungst the tare there is wheat (there are sincerely good loving people out there)"
"speechless and feeling pressed   god is so much bigger than any of us, he is so much wiser, that his ways are simple minds cannot fathom, he has a plan that we often do not understand in the misdst of the journey but when we have arrived to our destination the plan is clear  lord help me to see clearly and when my vision is unclear let me trust you     "
"i am reminded that there is one thing constant and reassuring in my life     that is a god that loves me unconditionally and has a plan, thank you"
is tired
decisions decisions
missing <propfirst> and the dag gone wash machine is broken
i dont like it when my baby girl is hurting or gets let down  sad 
the chili smells divine and i can't beleive fall is here
feeling good this am!
"peace is possible    but we have to trust him! when pain comes  trust him, when confusion is about  trust him, when hurt is real  trust him, when brokeness is all you feel   trust him---"
really dont want to do the homework      
"adhd has its perks, my husband is getting a lot of random things done  smile "
some people are just not nice!
i think i hope that farve gets his but stomped for being a traitor
wait      no i really dont care  smile 
good morning all!!
here comes the sun dadadaaa  smile 
sick baby today  sad 
i may suck at atmospheric science but i am rockin the house in women's history yeah me!!
guess whose at work  oh yeah!
friday  approaches us facebook friends ----goodnight
bed at 11am kid puking at  2am another kid puking at 6am and well if you cant beat em' join em'   ughh!!! sad 
blah! there back        smile  j k
dude!  it is so funny to hear my 4 year old scram dude because he is frustrated 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> how are ya? <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> where are ya?"
i cant say that the little girl in me isn't a bit excited when i see snow--i love it!!!
it's beautiful outside!!
i hope tommorrow is just as good as today!
i just scored a 100 on a hurrican quiz my teacher is gonna think i cheated
well iam quizzed out goodnight
"if i haven't said it before i will now i love my job, i also love that today is my friday!!! whoooohooo and i get to go to the cities with friends"
praying for spiritual wisdom and insight to be gained at the conferance!
it is a grand new day!!! thanks girls for the great e playful erience
"going to get focused now, need to get doem school work done  sad "
rockin the scarf! oh yeah!!
habitual liars     hmmmm
"let it go self! let it go  sing with me now to the tune of \let it snow\"" but say \""let it go let it go let it gooo!\"""""
well now we can sing let it snow let it snow let it snow
the snow is like balls of cotton <propfemale>!!
"i have a colony of asain beetle in my room, i wonder how many will crawl in my flippin mouth and <propfemale> my nose as i sleep grrrrr"
feeling tired and refreshed? weird
"coffee how i love thee, with out you i don't know where i would be    "
"i really dont care for mean people and i think they should all be sent to a remote island of perpetual tickling where they are tickled night and day, day and night"
ahhhh monday   
sometimes life feels chaotic when there is no chaos    (i am sure that is diagnosable)
my husband could use a job if any one has any ideas!
i will attack this tension headache with coffee!!!
are you frickin kidding me
is
thank you stepping stone
"surrender,trust, and hope is just what i needed to hear yet not sure how to go about it   maybe i shouldnt try and just let it be"
540 calories in 45 minutes and i am still breathing and walking   pretty impressive pretty impressive
just need to call it a day
will miss ya <propfemale>-
letting go      wow what a concept so complex yet so simple (they tell me!)
hmmm i could go be a counselor in germany or japan for the army   `
"okay okay, desperate times call for desperate measures    i need to make some legal quick cash i really dont even care what it is   (for the most part) ideas?!"
"i know of three things that are reliable, constant-god, life and death, everything else unstable"
he must have thought it would be funny to set my clock a half an hour faster than the real time    
renew my mind and spirit lord
"due to the female complications that some of us females deal with, that drive us to insanity, extreme emotion, and or exorcist like behavior i think all women should have the right to access mood altering chemicals when ever the need be     smile  j k"
 smile  good morning facebook it is going to be a glorious day!!!lololol
why cant  he wont even go get me a frickin caramello   any one going on a store run?
wow can you say wow  wow
i really like peacefulness     
the hardest part about faith is having it    
wishes i had something smart to say    hmmm cant really think of anything oh well
is baking some cookie
cookies
it was good to see family today   i miss them
"my compulsions are kicking my butt thought i would cook for christmas gifts and well    we have: <propfemale> snap cookies, sugar cookies, frosted chrisyams cookies, peanut butter cookies w  chocolate kisses, smore brownies, peanut butter balls covered in chocolate, some kind of chocolate balls dipped in powdered sugar, chocolate peppermint bark stuff and well i am tired      blessed and tired"
god is faithful!!
wishes this headache would go away
we are gonna get snow! yessss!!!
tired
it all seems funny kinda like a dream        things aint always what they seem   
vikings hmmmm boring!!
gonna take a nap!
i must remember that i live in a world of brokenness    
<propfirst> is turning 5 on thursday and wants his birthday party to be at walmart!!
loves!!! 80's rock and dont care who knows it love  it!!!
there is nothing like a project    my friend and i installed a toilet today thinking of becoming plumbers on the side
i guess i was hoping for more snow  sad  happy birthday <propfirst>!!
"okay i obviously made this wish prior to going outside wow, love mn!!"
is it snowing or blowing snow
"why does the grass always have to be greener, or the snow whiter on the other side of the fence?"
good day everybody!
i love the snow but not the frigid cold  brrr
single for the weekend! j k  playful 
i thin it is going to be  w weekend of 80's rock really loud!! yess!!
way to distracted to be at work
really dont want to be awake right now
it all seems funny kinda like a dream things aint always what they seem    
kind of feeling at peace inthe missed of the storm  nice change
question? if i broke my lab top computer screen is it cheaper to send it off and get fixed or get a new computer--advice for the day purchase the accident warranty for your computers if available!!!!
so glad it is friday
i think it is just crazy how life turns out; things we said we would never do or need we find ourselves doing and needing    hmmm good and crazy all together?!
"so today i realize that despite some elderly lady who thought i was my sisters mother (my  sister is 4 years older for the record) i want to feed the child in me  so i went to the top of that snow hill and was scared, real scared   i went down it and hit a jump and caught air!! (multiple times) it was frickin amazing and the best thing i didnt even care what any one else thought   it was great highly recommended  "
"so i came to work feeling pretty good, worked out this morning, new sweater     looked down and i have one brown shoe and one black shoe on   i am learnign to laugh at myself and let it go!!"
surrounded by your glory  what will my heart feel?! will i stand in your presence or to my knees will i fall    i can only imagine!!!
i love these 2!
just wanted to say heyy!! everyone  an old old wise woman said something to me today     learning to accept life on lifes terms   mmmm what peace! (thanks old wse lady!)
hoppe everyone especially my two babies that are <propmale> away have an awesome christmas
the world is so dysfunctional    
"<propfirst> says to <propfirst> today \don't touch that outlet! you will get executed\"""""
i am thankful for my church family     
looks like my work here is finished!!
trying real hard to think of something thought provoking   nothing  sad  however i can now make flapper hats!! so fricking pumped!!!
judd hill is insane!!!
wow    wow
i lost my cowboy piggy back given sister    eehh
bought to hook it up southern style for the fam!!!
"fried chicken, green beans, turnip greens, mashed tators w  gravy, <propmale> n cheese, pineapple upside down cake, and some sweet tea    i am beat!!!"
had a great time with my big sis and niece praying for the safe return to their winter wonderland! love ya!
its a no comment day     
we really do reap what we sow
can someone please tell me why everyone is saying a color?! midnight blue
oh! white   boring lol
ah friday!
great service! praying that i can not be blinded by my own self centeredness   ever!
"<propfemale> 6lbs 15oz, <propfirst> 8lbs 6oz, <propfirst> 8lbs 15oz, <propfemale> 9lbs + wow"
i think we all have been affected by something   and recovery or healing does not start until we admit   
freedom starts with the admitting   just needed to add that  smile  goodnight!!
aghhhhh!!!!!ughhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! okay     
if we would realize that we are being called to something so much greater than what this earth can offer    
"this is where hope, safety, unconditional love, pure acceptance, trust are    "
so many friends on face book right now just feel like sayin' hey!! ya'll!!
i just thought i would share i did something today that i thought i never would    i ran 1 2 a mile it was great!!
yep another 1 2 mile     miracles are real folks!
"if you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth, then copy & repost this  let's give our kids the recognition they need! i am proud of each of my children and i thank god for them  i love you more than you will ever know <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>!!!"
"well there have been a lot of post lately about great children, breast cancer, war, haiti etc i felt the need to add one here is goes:  repost if you have a great husband    not perfect but a man who is willing, one who can make you laugh until your sides hurt, one that is willing to go through    stand by your side    i love you <propmale>"
sometimes i say things i wish i could take back     
"hmmmm      he knows my heart, mind, thoughts, and weaknesses   my hurt, pain, frustrations, joys, pleasures    my stubborness and kindness, i will humbly rest in knowing that he not only knows but has chosen me and cares   thank you"
i wish i had  a let go button    
had a good day with an old best friend cousin  it was cool
i dont know why anyone is surprised by the vikings failure!!!! again!!!!
"it was <propfirst>'s first night of wrestling! i have mixed emotions it was hilarious b c he is just a little more coordinated than his mother, he kept doing karate hand moves before the other kid would take him down, and then when he would get taken down he would get up and do like 3-4 push ups really fast     and well he is growing up"
thanks you guys
hoping no praying to not lose peace and inner joy    
i wish my human trait of being affected by other human beings was eradicated   now
so baby was walking down the stairs and saying poop me-ma poop    sure enough she was stark naked with her diaper in one hand and a hand full of terd in the other!!! lololol hilarious!!
amazing grace      
i think i want to live in a commune    
i love   love my church family
i dont have a clue on what his plans are but i do know that whatever comes my way today is a part of it   
wow my husband needs to get his own computer   i really dont like to share
is it wrong to know your husbands password and change his profile pic?
so  my husband who is in training for stand up comedy said that at his delivery interview today he had to take an mmpi   hilarious to those who know what that is!
my daughter is in the top 28 of her class of 143     my daughter!!!
i wish for the a pony tail like the lady from i dream of genie    i would cross my arms and magically take myself to a remote island   right now
after some thought aboutthis wish for a pony tail    i think spiritually when we feel this way our spirit is yearning for home   hmmm
sometimes i think god should have made me mute
"women should be valued beyond their physical  they should be valued for the depth that they love, for the passions they have, for their wisdom and thoughts, for their inner most being     i think our world has it jacked up    i think women have been devalued to their appearance, ability to be sexually stimulating, and how well they can fill the role of what their current society thinks they should be"
i wonder if the roller coaster would stop if i just got off?
                       
i love avacados
looking forward to church today
that is the most re-daunkulous thing i have ever heard!!!
if any one is interested in a boat and trailer f0r 800 let me know  just a fishing boat nothing fancy
priorities people priorities
so not to get to repetitive but if anyone is interested in a 16ft alumna craft fishing boat with a 50 horse <propmale> and or an 84 chevy pckup with a 2 year old new motor just let me know!!
so if i change my setting o pirate will my posts show up as pirate talk?
thanks <propfemale> 4 the haircut!!!
sometimes life takes crazy twists and turns    love ya <propmale>
"dishes are washed, kids are fed, floors are mopped     now laundry and this afternoon looks like shoveling   yah!!"
to all those mothers who stay home with your kids you are amazing   i  on the other hand am looking for a cage or 2 
<propfirst> is not cut for wrestling instead of trying to get out of the move when pinned he lets out a high shrill scream and starts fightin dirty   bye bye wrestling
tommorrow is actually saturday everyone i just thought i would inform everyone   your welcome
"escape, calgon, vacation, retreat,       "
"asking for prayers for my little neighbore boy <propmale>, who has been a miracle and is currently in the hospital waiting for another miracle  "
i am thankful for the freedom to gather in his name
only in minnesota will you find the peculiar individuals who feel the need to wear shorts as soon as the temp hits 31
new fav  for his compassions never fail  great is your faithfulness  the lord is my portion therefore i have hope in him  
well   the kids are going to a very good frineds house today     i hope she remains my friend at the end of the day!!
lord i was really trying to avoid this but    we need some warmth the cold is wearing on me
i hope zyrtec will work miracles today
uh oh    i love it  when my kids turn on praise music! when i think about your goodness it makes me wanna stomp!! get it <propmale>
i dislike crazyness blah!! to crazy!!
hmmmm maybe it would be therapeutic to play wiht some leggos     i shall build something!!
ahhhhhh                
can you say crazy!!!!
how come when i tell her it isnt hers she cries and screams like she has been beat?
can you get a suger <propfemale> over?
sledding at meadow park at 3 surprise 0pm anyone?
"sometimes god speaks so clear and simple and oh yeah his timing, dead on  tonights topic     sanity  annoyed "
the car wash at fleet farm has traumatized my daughter   she screamed through the whole thing and when the sprayer came around to her window she closed her eyes and looked the other direction   
so i was at church last night and there was a bat in the sanctuary that was disturbed by the music and flying around    well we were praying before communion and the thing came straight at me    i yelped and didnt know whether to laugh or cry   moral of the story: close your eyes when you pray!
really would like this confusion to stop     
press forward       
really thankful for supportive people in my life
the cost of our decisions have so much impact positive and negative and ourselves and those around us   lord i need your constant guidance
i want my name to change from negative <propfemale> to positive <propfemale>      
good saturday mornning!
tired    
lord prepare me to be a living sanctuary   
hid good an perfect will  is not dependent on me   thank god!!!
what i wouldnt do to hear the doublette family praising the lord today    no weapon
ordinary people dont set out to do great things  great things happen to ordinary people
i really have a hard time dealing with mean spirited people     
prayin that tommorrow goes smoothly    
no matter the size of the battle no matter the piercing words     i dont need to fight the battle   it has been won
i cant wait to wake up from this nightmare    
it is indescribe-able     
"<propfirst> wanted popcorn and a movie with his baby sister, so i said sure    he by choice is watching <propmale> dynamite! what 5 yr old does that?"
it's a new day!
looks like we will be cleaning the garage and firin' up the grill this weekend!
when you enocunter people that are so out of touch with reality i think it is best to simply not entertain their insanity----
idiot!!
dishwasher is installed   so awesome!! thanks <propmale>
he is in control    i have to remember that
i think a good ole nap is in order!
well off to work out and work   
job 2 has to go     
is there a gypsy day? i mean there should be right? what about the bohemians?
love talking to people who understand me   selfish maybe but i appreciate it!!
"do you ever have those times where you look back and say \what was i thinking!\"" man   """
is struggling with being merciful and loving at this moment     
just keep swimming just keep swimming  dori was a smart fish
"i need a tattoo that is easy for me to see throughout the day   i cant put it on the back of my eye lids  hmmm anyways if anyone comes up with a place    it needs to say \let it go!\"""""
really thankful today        
cant say that i amnot a bit more than happy that ms  <propfemale> doandlson is my last  2 year old    ever! wow!
well  good night face book friends
run   run   run    
good friends and exercise are my new medicine
"the 5yr old says as  he is paging through the phonebook \it says if you hookup to this network you can download\"""""
learning to be thankful for good days and not take them for granted   thanks lord
cant wait to go pick up <propfirst>! 60 more days!
home again with the pink eyed monster
"the pink eyed monster loves the word no    and the pink eyed monster has a snazy new way to clean windows, smushed bananas!"
well got to sleep until 7   not to bad
is making fried chicken with baby boy
80's rock concert? or no hmmm
nap time
i love to swing especially when the air is so fresh and their is a little bit of a breeze   ahhh
my inpatience does not work for my good
it is gorgeous outside! thank you lord!
do you ever wonder where god is at sometimes when you are trying to do right and trying to do right and bad keeps happening     
looking forward to moving forward!  smile 
i dont think resteraunts that let off an amazing oder of greasy food should be allowed within a 2 mile radious of workout places    
"what baffles me the most about today is that as wicked as the world was and is he could have and can destroy it at anytime he could've in the garden when he new what was coming, or when he was being wrongfully accused, when he was being brutalized, carrying the cross, or even when the nails were being pounded in  he could have put an end to it all but he didnt   "
"his ways, thoughts, ability to love and forgive are way beyond my human comprehension    i am humbly thankful for today"
"interesting day today saw 2 pigs get killed and butchered--wont be eating pork  <propfirst> was rather interested tried to milk the pig   and then told me i was \finny\"" yep finny that means not fat and not skinny---finny   living amoung my children is an adventure!"""
hope all my facebook friends have a blessed easter day
i just got told that i look like the most beautiful girl in the world---mz  <propfemale>
                        
run run as fast as you can!
house for sale!
hmmm whats on my mind      
i wish god would take away my ability to think things i feel guilty for thinking   yep
if anyone has moving boxes let me know  thanks!
abide   great sermon today
is so thankful <propfirst> did not catch a fish during the past 1 1 2 hour fishing trip! ( i sure the heck wasnt going to take it off!)
i think i have encountered one of the most bitter sweet challenges in my life     and she is packaged in a almost 2yr old body
sorry about all the post but i am just on awe   i mean one minute i feel like bashing my head in and the next she makes my heart melt  literally minutes apart!  i wonder if god feels the same way?
praying that what needs to happen and get done today does!
is pressing forward
is gonna think on those things that are good and true!
<propfirst> <propmale>?! ewww
i cant bloody focus!
"my daugheter goes form listening to \hey jude\"" to \""the humpty hump\"" ????"""
and now    hard rock  all in 10 minutes   i guess thats a teen
gonna be busy this weekend   
  has discoverd that not reacting to inital feelings and emotions will save me a lot of heart ache   wish some would have told me that   oh wait i probably would not have listened
this tattoo man said something pretty remarkable today  got me thinking   i need to be living according to what i find acceptable not worrying about what other people find acceptable    hmmm thanks
how to think logically is the worst class ever if you ar not a logic thinking kind of person it is a bunch of hibbity whoo!
nothin like a little nacho libre for the 5 yr old at 7 smile 0am lol
i dislike the feeling of powerlessness
hmmm   sometimes i wish i could actually write some of my real thoughts on here   those dang brain filters!!
heyy! it's fridayy!!
i just want to say that tone n tan is a great place to work out and they have some mighty fine ways to motivate and keep you coming back! thanks tone n tan!
i hope it rains all day    it will be a good snugglin day with the kids!
i think i have missed out on a lot of wisdom by prejudging people   letting preconceived notions or judgements stop me from letting my guard down    i dont want to miss out anymore!
    well spaghetti is cookin for tonight and chicken pot pie for tommorrow   and the week begins!
if i could just stay focused on the now and let god do the rest     
my baby turns 11 years old in 1 hour and 1o minutes miss you <propfirst>!!
why must my children try me?
oh lord help me to be content today    
"sometimes life makes me feel restricted and bound  when i just want to be free   i am coming to the realization that i am in fact free however my shepard has me in this pasture for right now safe, fed, protected, and loved   hmmm everything i need to be happy    "
i was told this week that it was good to sit with some feelings   not avoid them or cover them up     just be    
we are off to find morels!  i am hoping that this year is a score!!
no children this evening   hmmm what to do?
prayin for friends and family in tn
"this is for the females: <propfirst> is in the early beginings of potty training, she sits on the toilet   gets up and grabs her self a \feminine product\"" and heads back to the toilet  hilarious!!"""
distractions     focus focus focus
"is really thankful for my children, sister, family and friends"
i got a question for discussion comments: what does love feel like?
where was i when <propmale> cosby was shot?! who shoots <propmale> cosby!! really!!
<propmale> lives!! sorry!
"to my children    before you were conceived, i wanted you  before you were born, i loved you  before you were an hour old, i would die for you  this is the \miracle of life \"" put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself    i ? my kids !!"""
i am so thankful for the type of work god has called me to do    
someone once told me you have to choose what you win or lose   you cant have everything    
wow! i havent slept until 9am since    12 yrs?
breakfast in bed   and no children hovering me for a bite   nice
11 more days!!!
"hmm menu for tonight: barbecued chicken, homemade <propmale> and cheese, sauted green beans, and peach cobbler"
sometimes i win some times i lose---tonight my friends i won!!! man supper was good!!
"in whatever ever capacity-children, relationships, friends, family, people why cant love be simpler?"
this sucks   
frickin ricoh!! i hate you!!!
"tortilla's, cheese, a bit of <propfemale> oil and a bit of garlic has become my new peanut butter and jelly   yum!"
when things are chaotic  i am looking for peace    and then when there is peace   well i dont know what to do?
hmmmmmm      
any one got a spare working water heater!!!ugh!
it baffles me when people are in turmoil and suffering that the instead of talking or reaching out that some church folks decide to attack the wounded with lies an accusations     this is not my understanding of how christ works     
"i have a question; so if christians are suppose to be the salt of the earth, the light in the dark    what really makes us different     since we all seem to behave just like the rest of the world?"
"i think my understanding of life love and relationships have come to a place where they need some re-evaluating    which is hard when your living, loving, and in relationships?!"
"mmm  burgers, fried taters, and apple pie? yeah!!!"
"it is official-mondays are my \georgia can cook day\"""""
we arent big on juice in this house so the kids are reverting to drinking pickle juice    hehehe
cant wait to head south get my boy and see few other people        wink 
"this quote was so good it needed to be reposted-story of my life!\don't get too excited! wait and let things be revealed to you  avoid jumping to any conclusions, good or bad  resist the urge to celebrate too soon "
going to bed early so tommorrow will hurry and get here!
"i wish i could scream on here     in excitement, headed out to tn today!!! yahhhh!!!"
ahhhhh!!! wooohooooo!!!!  laugh   laugh 
toes and nails done    check
i saw ther arches tonight  no not mcdonalds   st louis   pretty sweet
this is insane   my adrenaline has me up once again at 4am!!!   laugh 
good morning world!!
<propfirst> looks amazing! apparently the grls think so too!
i have to say there is something about south   i dont care if the charm is not real   i love it!
service was amazing    
i love it here    
does anyone know where i can get a real good  strong collar and leash?
feelin pretty emotional   have a job interview on thursday morning    
i think its time to do what southerners do    sit on the front porch with some lemonade and enjoy the cooling yet humid air     yeahh
looking forward to the evening
"well here we go    i dont need luck   i need favor, please lord"
i am so thankful for the people that have been so supportive to me     love you all!! and i think things are gonna work in my favor!!
a day of fishin    or i would like to lok at it as a day i am  gonna get a lot of sun and sweat off another 5lbs!!!
at the barbershop   
last day    and it is bitter sweet   i miss my babies
is thankful for family friends and new opprotunities   
is    uh mccrackin county? really?
is in iowa
is thinkin of <propfirst> <propfemale>       laugh 
is so happy to have all of her babies under one roof!!
i dont like it when my daughter mocks me    and than laughs straight in my face!!!
sometimes i feel like i could sleep life away  so tired
is kind of looking forward to working out tonight
i  dislike dell!!!  45  <propfemale>utes of tech service and she says well i cant really help you i am gonna send you to another dept    so i get there and after 15 <propfemale> she says    can i put you on hold        sure why not
bite your tongue woman! bite your tongue!
i think i found our new house!!! please lord!!
think i am gonna take a nap!
commuting an hour to and from work may not be bad if the pay  pays the bills and the gas    
is still not understanding his grace and mercy    for a sinner such as me   alls i know is that i woke up this morning covered in it    and for that i am thankful
ugh    no go on the job  sad 
it is hard to remember when things arent going as i want that he will withhold not good thing from me as long as i trust him  
is gonna do what she needs to to stay positive and strong  there is no other option
is missin friday nights and saturday mornings in nashville   
is reminded today the need to renew my mind   sometimes frequently in a day
is thinking i am pretty blessed by all of the supportive and encouraging females in my life  thanks girls!
i wonder what i would need to do to get my lovely sister to potty train one more of my children?
oh how i would love to steal the heart of <propfirst> <propfemale>!
he said  my credentials were impressive!?!?!?!?
"okay   dentist, eye doctor, laundry, swept, dishes, cleaned garage, babysat, cookin supper, worked out, bathe children, bathe self     hmm start crackin books for school   yeah full day!"
bite my tongue   ugh!!
22 resumes sent in 30 minutes    i like e-mail
i think there has been a clearing in the storm    obviously not outside but within my life   thank you lord
i would really like for things to go in my favor     smile 
good night face book family   wish i had some <propfirst> <propfemale> to put me to sleep   sweet dreams
you know you are destine for a great day when you put those pants on then were always a bit to tight and now they perfectly! yes!!
praying   
hot fudge and <propfirst> <propfemale> sound good!!!!
"is so excited   this is our new place \http annoyed  www thedailyclassifieds com slideshow asp?r=1155633"
"gettin ready to watch \it's complicated\"""""
sometimes it is difficult to seperate and accept what you would like to happen versus what is really going on   ehhh live and learn
is smiling   the 5 yr old says mom i dont want you to be cranky so lets turn on some music    and he puts in some gospel praise!
facebook really  is a love hate relationship
i  refuse to be treated less than what i am worth--not anymore
what do men go through that is even comparable to menstration   really!?
i guess i cant have everything go my way   however things are looking up!
hmm things are going so fast and so slow at the same time   
it's official me and my crew will be headed south july 24th
is losing motivation to go to the gym the rain really isnt helping
"took the kids to the pool  to cold for me, but they loved it!"
"we drove past a cemetary yesterday no one was out it pouring rain, <propfirst> (who's 2) points at the cemetary and says \guy in there\"" <propfirst> says \""yeah there dying to get in\"""""
good morning!!!
is now taking donations
i am looking for the nearest padded wall
does any one ever catch themselves with their mouth hanging open for no apparent reason?
do they ever stop fighting and screaming? really?!
happy fathers day facebook dads
change   is the concept that i yearn for yet struggle with what it requires of me 
i think life is a storm with moments of clearing   
is almost to the zoo!
is talking about the mn zoo not the zoo at my house
 sad 
is wishing my brain would shut down so i could call it a day
i dont think i have ever encountered anything that can cause such inner joy and such remarkable pain as love
oh for <propmale>'s sake goodnight!!
why dont you go shove your head in some dirt like an ostritch !
i wish i had super hero powers   
seriously!?!?!?!?
oh <propfemale>    
is loving being with her daughter
i must be getting old  my ambitions have changed
uh oh!
amazing light show in the north sky
25 days and i will be living in a home with air conditioning!!!
well   
is takin babies to the park
there are a few things i think i am ready to let go of   
is wondering what you do with an 11yr old boy that has this natural charm?
baby girl has got an audition at the nashville school of arts!!!!!! whooo hoooo!!
feelin pretty smart just replaced my hard drive    it is way easier than it sounds!
did i already start the countdown? when i wake in the morning we have 22 days before we hit the highway!!
hot fudge sunday i hate how i long for you!!!
canoeing with my adoptive sister and children!!!
had a lot of fun today    thanks <propfemale> and babies!
can think of a few people i wish there was an erase button for
happy 4th of july everyone!
this is what happens when a tornado meets a volcano   eminem
"\ mom there is so too much pee in this pool its burning my eyes!\""   taylor"""
is hoping that the kids can manage to not break something that would require me paying <propmale> for 2 5 weeks  thats it 2 5 weeks!!
someday i will laugh about this but not today!
has a hard time dealing with people that can't be upfront
is hoping to wake up in the morning with acceptance and confidence!
i love spending time with friends   where you lose track of time   thanks mceldowneys
either there is a skunk on the block or someone is doing some serious smokin'   wow
every interaction causes a chain reaction    and we are affected when it is least e playful ected
feelin melancholy
nervous about upcoming change and at the same time cant wait to get the heck out of here!
wow
wow havent seen the gym for like a week    it was nice   real nice
"well one cut screen, one torn, and my sons name graffitied on my <propfirst> seat with a pretty little stick person    in one day!"
please pray that i can get and keep focused!
the things people do when they are hurting     hmmm
kind of looking forward to a home with air conditioning!
who needs to work out when you live in a sauna?
a cool breeze has never felt as good as it does tonight!
it's a new day!
my sisters  keeper  i have never cried so much during a movie!
is hoping to get to know a leperchaun
why does it feel like 11pm?
i guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
i really do hate goodbyes   
i love good hugs   i got me one today!!
my son just brought me breakfast in bed!
anyone traveling on 52 south headed to stewartville this is your warning   i will be driving a 26 ft truck   i am sorry
is scared real scared
i dont mind    
is so tired!
its wednesday already! last day of work   
i have never e playful erienced such peace and inner joy in the midst of so much sadness thank you lord and <propmale>!
is on the road
is almost to st louis   wow
is up   wow
is not allowed to drive the truck anymore     annoyed 
is 180 <propmale> away from home
totally biffed it down my new drive way that is the craziest incline i have ever seen    
is really thankful for lfe rght now  got a call esteay for an interview! hopoefully its not a voluntary position!
is going through internet withdrawal
is tired
such a mix of class and race down here   
oh my gosh! internet finally!!!
well i dont think this job is meant for me   hours yuck and 4 weeks training out of town  playful 
looking forward to some good sleep tonight!
is frickin hot! wow!
   sometimes it is hard for me to remember that god's got it! and he will not withhold any good thing from me   
is impatient
okay mn friends  you have got to try this  by a hamhock boil it for 45 mintake the juice and the hamhock and put it <propfemale> pot of green beens with some diced onions salt and pepper   let that cook on med-low for like 2 hours  oh my gosh!!! yummmmmmm
why?
great service and worship today   good lunch now time for an early nap!
on a mission!
has to remember i can only knock on doors  god will decide which one's open up
i hope when i wake up in the morning i dont feel like this   
she got in!
ohhh friday you are calling me!
is wondering why i am wake when all the babies are still sleeping?
is thankful for a great night and a fulfilled wish bb's blues jazz resteraunt and club was fabulous! not to mention the company  thanks
one more thing my baby is 15 today! wow   i love your <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> i am so thankful god gave you to me you truly are a gift    happy birthday mamma!
cookin' cookin' and cookin some more
is <propfirst>
school starts this week that means i am going to have 4 children to drop off in 4 different places and tr to find a job! wow this is gonna be fun!
is wondering y balance is so hard to maintain   
and here i am again powerless and waiting
hmmmm   help me deifne friends    
is thankful that i serve a god that will provide!
one down 2 to go   yay 1st day of school
is doing a kid check makin sure i gotem all
are my e playful ectations to high?
if you wanna play games why not  scrabble or monopoly?
just reinstalled the 13 buttons my daughter decided to rip off of my laptop   
stick a fork in me i am done!
<propfirst> just told <propfirst> he isnt very fast b c he doesnt have 16 hands
is ready for the game! go falcons!
hope my facebook friends have a blessed day today
not being employed is    well a bit boring
answered prayer   speedy (the fish) is dead
is going to learn <propfemale> living here
you know i am glad there is a remove button on here cuz sometimes i type before i think about what i am saying   ya not good
"lord, i need you to show up and show out!!"
teach  me how to dougy
weighing the pros and cons for singleness or relationship    they are tied        sad 
is wondering how something so good can be so painful   
is discouraged
wow! that shower just worked a mood miracle!
i think e playful ectations and the word hope should only be used when referring to god    
well the kids are all set and in the groove of school daycare etc   so now the job   smile 
"<propfirst> farve should retire\4 real"
<propfirst> farve is so old he should be admitted to a nrsing home
its friday evening and i really dont want to be at home  
is going to master southern style macaroni and cheese!
looking forward to this evening!
"watching <propfirst> lift her hands while worshipping and praying is one of the most heavenly things on earth    i would imagine that her \freeness\"" in worship is much how it will be in heaven     """
you cant have a testimony without a test    
i think i am headed to a few prisons today   hmmm should be interesting!
there is nothing attractive about the fro-hawk   really
someone called for a counseling position!!!!  oh god please!
is trying to be patient    ugh
nothing like the roller coaster of hope and discouragement
was meant to stay in bed today
i dont think survival mode is practicing faith however my human-ness pushes me to <propfemale> that direction and my faith draws me back   and the war seems to continue despite me
just thought everyone on facebook should know <propfirst> has officially taken her first self initiated poopy on her toilet!!! go <propfirst>!!
the <propfemale> is a beautiful burnt orange here tonight however <propfirst> is convinced the <propfemale> has puked on itself
lazy!!!! ugh!!!!
ya know being an at home mom is not a bad job   i actually kind of like it  however i dont think it is gonna pay the bills   
is a 32 yr old mother of 4 it is okay if i go to bed at 9 pm on a friday night!! hahaha
i said <propfirst> i love ya sure i will put big nasty worms on your hook    i did not say i would take the fish off of the hook!
is wondering since when did taking solo trips to walmart become something to look forward to?! yikes
  havent felt this sick in awhile!
i have never inmy life tasted nor made a cupcake so devine it didnt even need frosting!!! watch out <propfemale> watch out!!!
really thankful for a good day!
human beings     mmmm so much can be said about the species
is going to work! yeah!
i have never been more thankful for a job in my life! i have been hired through a temp service that seems to be one to keep me employed for now    so counseling you are going to have to wait a bit   but thats okay! thank lord!!
i need to slloooowwwww down waaayyyy down
could really use a beverage
and the award goes too    me
release!!
karma    i want her to work in my favor!
is having the best night ever!!!
bout to go to bb's heyyy!!!
rough start to the day but this was by far! one of the most awesomest days i have had in awhile!!! good night!
is it possible to be completely content?
my baby has been casted in the musical hairspray!!!
some guys need to be sent back to jive turkey school   4real!
is thankful for life today and the peace i am e playful eriencing
sanatrium       leave me be
cubicles r like timeouts     lol
interview tomorrow     and would love to get the job!!!!
i think god gave me this cubiccle job for 2 reasons: 1) to shut me up and 2) to keep me law abiding because  if i were ever put in a jail cell (like a cubicle) i would go insane!  lol good day facebook friends!!!
it is bloody torture
"so the job i interviewed is perfect! working with the homeless   c surprise ccuring disorders   so i say \god let me have the job i will never doubt you again\"" the spirit quickly replied \""    stop doubting me now\"""""
this boy just asked <propfirst> if i was his sister!!!
ahhhh the cubicle
 smile  my cubicle coworkers are really nice
<propmale> mars! just the way you are     amazing
there is nothing worse than the anticipation of a package coming   not knowing what is in the package and getting it from a significant somebody!! ahhh
i was just getting to work at pathways halfway house and remember watching the second plane hit     feeling confused and emotional
just bought my very first umbrella     every southern girl has one    really
just got  done workin it on the concession stand grill       go falcons!
i think i have come across something with much value    
it is really not sexy or pretty for females to have plumber pants      skinny big doesnt matter crack kills
wants my gas grill back     sad 
<propmale> <propmale> is tha man!
is listening to a song by <propmale> franklin   sweetest name i know   wow its hard to keep silent!
   best thing that has ever happened to me     
i almost let go  by <propmale> carr        mmmmm
has never e playful erienced such an adreniline rush and peace at the same time? whats that about?
5am comes so early!
well this am the adrenaline is clearlyfrom this grande frapp from starbucks with extra espresso!
has the capability to be very immature sometimes hehehe
"so the job that will not only fulfill my hearts passion and will give independent financial stability has called for me to come in for an \e playful eriential\"" day to see how i liek and how the clients like me   this occurs on monday   so god willing    """
you know that feeling where you would really like to tell a few people a few things  you know give to em' good but you know it is pointless b c they wont change    this post is for you!!!
there are some last names that should be illegal to have     like there should be a law
freedom is calling     
time tells all   
that was almost the perfect nap   almost   smile 
i am thankful today for a father that has good intentions for me despite my past    thankful   and excited for his plans for me  
"the menu: green beans, <propmale> and cheese, fried chicken, barbecued chicken, cornbread stuffing, sweet tea, and strawberry shortcake, all glazed with love!!"
ugh   
my faith wont stay strong if i dont feed my spirit   
he has a purpose and a plan    just for me
he is in control    he is in control    he is in control!!!
    well i might sound like a child but gosh darnit i am!! lord i want it   please give it to me!!
walk tall ladies despite the imperfections we find in ourselves our father has perfectly and wonderfully designed and created us and called us for greatness
i have a psychotic    i mean a napless 2 year old i will pay someone to take
it is crazy the places your mind can go   simply crazy
omg!! just call and tell me yes or no!
grrrrr  you clutch!!
75 degree weather at 6 pm    a place to call home 4 wonderful babies and supper cookin     great day great day
"so apparently it took <propmale> nearly 100 yrs to build the ark, no rain, people callin him out, but god told him to do it so he did   100yrs he remianed faithful to the purpose put before him    i struggle gettin through 1 week!!"
you know i dont know how i feel about this-summer one day and the next day fall?!? no transition time? must say i like wearin' the jeans and cute sweaters though!!
i must say this chicken smells divine!!!  mmmmm
"i have got to have far more \soul\"" runnin' through my veins than what i know of my history   i mean really how many wonderful ways are there to make cornbread!!! southern style in a cast iron pan in the oven   omg!!!"""
"what the heck does \flocka\"" mean really what kind of word is that??"""
off to football   again
does it not seem illegal to sell stamps for more than what the gov't says they are worth?
omg   maybe the zyrtec was e playful ired   
i almost forgot how a good workout and worship music can really lift the mood!!
does anyone no how hard it is to <propfemale> pictures    i mean first you have to select them   and you can't have a whole bunch of one kid and only a few of another kid   so many things to consider    
"so,  i need a gun    i was driving today and there was this poor cat walking from the road on it's front two paws dragging the rest of his or her body   into the woods to suffer and die and there was nothing i could do   but if i would have had a gun i could have put it out of its misery    "
"you now i really dont know how i we have made it this far   really, it can only be by god's grace  thank you!"
gettin ready to serve these southerners with some yankee butt kickin' in spades  yeahhhh!!!
have you ever e playful erienced something so sweet you were left speechless?
i got the job!!!
i am so greatful that despite my waivering thoughts and faith god has shined upon me and remained more than faithful!!! another testimony for my life story!
    please people stop living life as a victim for your own good!
i told her to keep it and by some dang detergent   lol
some people are real douches   
let's go!!! what!!!
sooooo want to throw a tantrum right now     but life has been to good lately    i cant
wow   talk about withdrawal havent been able to connect all morning!!!
i wish i had one of those non-existant magic balls that allowed me to see in the future   just a little bit
i need want someone to come cook me breakfast   soon     like right now   hahaha
tell me why in the heck whitecastle taste so good at 2 am!! tell me
one thing that sucks about facebook   is my <propfemale> to write sideways comments that wont do any good    
there is a song i think by skid row    things arent always what they seem    what is that song?
i should have joined the convent
im gonna just send a lil <propfemale> your way   how about that?!?
homemade chicken soup   mmmm smells good!
i start on monday!!
i swear i need a prescription of ativan or something! or maybe just get to work!!
"chicken is almost done, fresh green beans in the crock pot, cornbread in the oven, and lil cute cheesecakes in the fridge    ahhh"
focus focus focus    
despite my neurotic behavior life is really good right now    content
thankful for friends
was really beginning to wonder about the human species   until this morning    undeserved kindness from strangers    is humbling
"i do not beleive that there is a man walking this earth that is able to provide the comfort, reassurance, and support my heart and soul yearns for    i do know christ   and i have been told he is the source   however i do not know how to rest, tap into, or allow him to provide and do this    "
did i say this week that i am thankful for the friends i have?! cause i am!!!
bri passed her permit test! yay! and sad  sad  my baby is growing up!
feelin awake and rested   but y does that happen on the mornings the rest of the house is still sleepin?
i don't think the bulldogs are ready for what they are about to receive    go falcons!!
served! again
"   i ask myself \self how many times are u gonna start over or attempt to change this or that?\"" answer- i'm never gonna stop! starting over or tryin to do better!"""
uhhh y can't i nap!!
think i will head to <propfirst> park    
just realized this! everything i want i have! someone that knows me through and through  brianna someone that smothers me with affection and brings humor in my life   sean and <propfirst> and someone that brings excitement and chaos! baby <propfirst>!!  i got it good!!
that is was a fantastical smile!
pumpkin patch time with the fam!
wow! guess who gets to go to work today! yesss me!!
please eggdrop soup do your magic!!
all of this seems to good to be true!! so thankful and so undeserving!
"i ask the 5 year old \ y did u put 15 pumpkin stickers on my car window?\"" he says \""its halloween\"""""
a bit early     better than late!! have an awesome day fb family!
tired   but still humbled and thankful!!
just realizing most of my trouble and heart-ache stem from my own impulsive  reactionary behavior   got to love self awareness!
"people aren't always as \good\"" as they seem"""
ahhhh    forgot what i was missing in the mornings getting myself ready for work and 3 babies!! life is feeling normal   
question of the day; if you were put in a position to offer help and you offered it to 500 and only one received it and e playful erienced positive life changes   would it be worth it? what about 1000?
"do you ever have those days where your like dang 8 more yrs i will be 40 and my kids will be 23, 19, 13, and 10   i wonder what i will be doing and where i will be?"
   ;ust started to reread one of my old books and it has dated 10 08 <propfemale> j eadie the author of a book that impacted me greatly   12yrs   have learned so much and so little!
what kid writes a note to self regarding punishment so mom doesn't forget???
well now that i have changed my shirt like 5 times   i can go to work! have a great day! and be nice!!
i love boxes of things!!!
i also love new things   clothes jobs challenges motivations people   feelin love for life today yay!
dear <propfemale>  i would like a soft air pistol for christmas one that stings real bad but wont cause one to bleed   that one or two being those dogs that bark everynight
football in murfreesboro!
driving to the boondocks was pretty peaceful    akes me wanna move to the country   and then there it was the massive landfill filling the amazing breeze with stench    good analogy for a lot of things in life
beginning of the 4th quarter 44-0
and the final score 50-0
i need want a body pillow
wants to go on a hiking adventure!!! yesss
omg!! this is beautiful!
is fishin with her boyz
i think every once in awhile i get some pure clarity on how blessed i truly am   i am so blessed!
these sunnies are a bit bigger than minnows not much    looks like we have a new pet!!!
"when you put your trust in someone it means you e playful ect them to do what they say they will do, which is usually something you should being doing for yourself    you place your reliance on words or promised action rather than god  knowing full well human beings are subject to do many things and anything in response to their internal fear, guilt, or shame    \iyanla vanzant"
i don't like asking for help   but am thankful for those that respond when i need it
goodnight fb family
is eating an amazing sandwich    that does not have meat!!!
wth is going on!!
omg! what is hemp seed?
good day   tired     off to football
jesus loves me this i know! practice is canceled so i get to go!!
"thanks coaches for the night off, the house is in order!!"
what is it about men in uniforms?wow!
is confused   
wow    john legend can sing to me all day!!!mmm
goal: praying only for the knowledge of his will for me and the power to <propfemale> that out   wow his will   not mine   his
is having fun pretending to have road rage!! lol
wow! what a day! une playful ected conversations!
fb family a little piece of advice; if you don't have the time and attention to have a conversation don't call somebody and try to start one!!! come on!!
sometimes i have to just shake my head at myself and wonder what in the heck was i thinking!!
she know she bad    
is going to sleep good it is cold enough to snuggle under 3 blankets!! yes!!
<propfirst> bennett    wow
<propfirst> is the best brother in the universe    says <propfirst>
"always right on time: a magical potion is available today it is acceptance\and my god will supply my every need    and he knows   he knows every hair on my head, he knows my thoughts, and my hearts desire    i and you have got to let go, turn it over, and trust him    "
wish i was at bentley's tonite!
someday    
early service today
would really like to find a smaller family like church that is intergrated and come as you are    meadow park rcbc i miss you!
thinks i will cook early in preperation for a good nap!!
why is it that our innermost can <propfemale> and want things that are either just not meant to be or are not really good for us??
nothin like being woken up from some little boys lighting firecrackers   oh and to top it off one was mine!!!! grrrr
never before have i seen a 2yr old who finds pure joy locking her brothers outside!!
and the <propfemale> rush has begun   where is my drink!
omg ! lord please help the 2 yrs old come down from her high!
my heart hurts when i see the scars and open wounds left on grown people   they have lived for yrs bound by the intentional and unintentional inflicted pain by parents
gets to go work out! yeah!
if i can't accept somone for who they are   i am most likely struggling with accepting myself   
"well if that wasnt an encouragin walk that i still got it! car stalked (little scary), honked at, thumbs up, and a handclap with a yesss! lol"
my neighbor is amazing!
sometimes kids look at me and think i'm an ass    says <propfirst>
somethings r hard to figure out   but some things are rather simple   if you just watch someones behavior vs  words
salsa is almost done   thanks neighbor for the tomatoes and cilantro!
i know my allergies were not this bad up north!!
word of the day   avoidance
<propfemale> is on the road just wanted to warn everyone
teachers had great things to say about <propfirst> (he is a leader) i am really proud of him! bri has all a's go bri! and <propfirst> is doing amazing in school socially and academically! go babies!!
there is nothing like customer service with attitude and a mean mug   got to love it!!
"one more thing   jesus had some powerful last words \it is finished\"" i think there are a lot of things and or situations in our lives where we need to be saying the same things   i'm just sayin"""
<propfemale> <propmale> is starring as a dynamite in hairspray on the 11th - 14th at nsa shows are at 7pm each night saturday there will be a show at 2  you better come see the diva in action while tickets are cheap!!
before you guys go to bed tonight i want you to say this word at least 5 times   and get crazy with it k    skaadoooshh   goodnight!  wink 
i have nvr taken so much otc medicine at once
i  would really enjoy being taken care of right now  sad 
needs a break
right on time!! you would think by now my faith would be bigger than a mustard seed?!!
my spiritual relationship with god lately has been a lot of    i am sorry's  and thank you's
don't you hate it when you love a certain food so much but it gives you such bad gas you really shouldn't eat it? i do      frowny 
strangest relationship ever!
good morning all!!
come on falcons!! playoff time! go #8!!
i must say the falcons are straight intimidating with there team clap
these folks are bout to get crazy over this game!!
seans on the field!!
56 to 6 awww!!! go falcons!!
is feeling blessed beyond measure    and maybe its time to be a bit slower to respond in all aspects of life    have a blessed day family
satan works so hard every sunday morning but this morning he has not stopped us!
good service
cookin cookin cookin    
so i ran into someone in nashville that i havent seen in 14yrs   what are the chances right? and now i am kicking  myself for not exchanging contacts so we could catch up    well dangit
<propfemale> has invented the super duper cadillac turn
i have the best job ever! i'm just sayin!
whatever my lifes plan i know its good   i want to begin accepting it and living it to its fullest!!
most of us would be in a state of awe if you new how many people were not only on the street tonight but the places they find or make for shelter   if you have extra blankets tents anything that brings warmth donate!
sometimes i wish i wasn't so human     annoyed  i'm just sayin
this to shall pass    this to shall pass
don't throw your pearls to swine    that means something now    now its just breaking the habit
the joy is overflowing today! thank you lord!
ready to call it a day!!
you cannot imagine the gas i go through running these babies around!!
what possesses a child to use about a 1 4 stick of deoderant on his head?!!? really??
i think i e playful erience almost every emotion in th am   between each child and their antics!! i love it!!
i swear! the next time the daycare doesnt give her psychotic! rear-end a nap i am taking her back and they can have her for the night!!!! ahhhh!!!
"living one day at a time; \enjoying one moment at a time; \accepting hardships as the pathway to peace; \taking, as he did, this sinful world\as it is, not as i would have it; \trusting that he will make all things right\if i surrender to his will;\that i may be reasonably happy in this life \and supremely happy with him\forever in the next \amen "
i am so hungry today i could seriously tear something up!!
snow in mn what!? i can't believe i am saying this    makes me a little homesick  sad 
get to go see my baby perform today! so excited!
where are you mail man i know you got some stuff to deliver!! come on!!
seriously need to find out how to tone down my boys gas issues rancid!! ugh!!
uh oh!! bought to start !! go bri!!
what a great date with my 4 babies to bad i am gettin stuck with the tab!!
wow my room finally looks like a bedroom and not a consignment shop!
alright falcons let's do what we do!! win!
its gonna be a long day! but i am excited!!
one of the things i like about the south big women work it!
well antioch falcons won the championship very cool! andsean got to kick the ball?!?!go <propfirst>!
fear        false evidence appearing real
adversity has come to develop me not destroy me!!
"this compulsion to cook so much food is nutz  i have dove in to a day of cooking! lasagna, pumpkin bars (fresh pumpkin) banana bread, and collard greens    weird combo but that's whats up!!"
my kids are gonna be ticked there is so much lasagna we could probably eat it all week!
santa---i broke my 12 dollar mixer from walmart ionly do good with my mixer   and now i want a real mixer  and some real cookware and i promise to only do good with it!!
homeade cream cheese frosting is the best!
hope every one has an amazing day!
its cold nashville!! cold!
let it go let it go let it go
got to go work out with my biggest baby! felt soooo good!!
praise god! football is done!
"us \bigger\"" women need to know that showing some of our curves is cool    however to much is too much!!! lethal even    dont do it!!"""
its 817pm and i think i am gonna go to bed just because i can!! night!
i have bever owened an umbrella   my very own i do now! a purple one got to use it today   pretty nice pretty nice
a day of training fudge cicles! and they made me agree to no horsing around??!!!
my jesus like qualities dissappear in this traffic!!! grrrr
wow   read me like a book w o even opening up the book!!
the gas station lady is fortunate that i am not 18 anymore
i love rockin it with the babies in the morning
why isn't there more men like <propmale>     wow   i'm gonna wait for mine!!
how long does it take too cash a check at your own bank    too dang long!!!
i want u to make me feel like i am the only girl in the world   like i am the only one you will ever love
so the boy (<propfirst>) got himself in trouble today for making cat noises     i guess it could be worse
<propmale> <propmale> in nashville in april!!!yes!!!
just got educated on what words i can't say by my 5 year old   
the baby is up so early this am    in the tub singing jesus loves me     i love that!!
i love how <propmale> <propmale> keeps it so real!!
its friday ya'll!! money in my pocket! roof over my head! food in the house! bills paid! new couch in my office!! good health! amazing job!
i need a recipe for a chocolate pie with no whip cream?!? if all else fails he will eat brownies!!
skype is very cool   
"getting excited about thanksgiving, my second ever with my mom, 1st with a good friend and her kids, and not to mention my own babies     and a couple  visitors from mn!"
and guess who is wide awake while the rest of the house sleeps     
you know maybe ocd isnt a bad thing      smile 
"word-name of the day \fernandoooo\""  wink """
gonna go work out with my baby!!
thank you lord for shutting that dog up
"well the day is already rather interesting out of pure stubborness <propfirst> stood in the pouring rain screaming for a good 5 minutes and then ms thing takes out our mailbox with the <propfirst> cause it was \to close\"" and its not even 7am"""
<propfirst> sandler is hilarious
happy thanksgiving everyone! hope you enjoy your family and friends!
the turkey has been injected
the house is quiet outside of the music playin    kind of nice
is really thankful to be still standing despite the trials of the past year    even more thankful for the friends that have selflessly supported me    thank you
i am glad that certain emotions are temporary and will pass
"it never ceases to amaze me when scripture comes back to my memory because of lifes circumstances   if i can apply this, oh what peace!\ exo 14:14  the lord will fight for you; you need only to be still \"",2010-11-26 23:49:26""",142af859bb3 laugh 6effbb2fbd1ae20e859,trying to find somethin to do with the babies today    
well if anyone needs wants some ham and white bean soup i have more than enough   
fyi  do not tickle a newly potty trained 2yr old for too long    bad things happen
well i think i have found our church home   the sermons are exactly what i need to hear!
weird day   hopefully the work out will help!
yes the work out did help! i feel alive again!
off to take baby to the doctor
just have to learn to let some things go   
so the am fight today between the eldest children was: how hard or easy it would be to stab someone with a screwdriver (in self defense of course)
can someone please tell me why in the heck we were given emotions when 95 percent of the time we can't do anything about them!! but feel them! ugh!!
married men should have their eyes plucked out for lookin around like their not married
"action word for the day \contentment\"""""
sometimes i think we set ourselves up for disappointment and rejection
there is a petting zoo in my car this am; goats sheep cats dogs and even an ass!
"<propfirst> says \mom there is a new girl in my class   she's so beautiful i can't even look her in her eyes\"""""
i cannot hope things into existance    
"does anyone want to donate to the \georgia needs to finish her bachelors degree fund\""     smile """
homemade egg rolls     yum
happy friday ya'll!!!
i guess getting called at least one of the states is close enough??
who intentionally hits a dog?! this lady is lucky she didn't stop her car cause was about to feel the wrath!
licensure test in the am     relax and dont worry about it or study cram study???
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? not to see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy and paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same!!"
i would really like to see some pics of the mn snow!!
off to go test    pray for me!
she is my child     why wouldnt she be so strong willed!!
"so we were trying to find something to watch on tv    \look <propfirst> grandma got ran over by a reindeer!\"" \""for real where! can i see! did she break her leg?!\"""""
i am short 2 babies for the night
i love that my kids get excited about going to church   
gonna try to make some homemade cinnamon rolls! yummy
   be strong in the grace that is in christ jesus     endure hardness as a good soldier of christ jesus - 2 tim   great sermon today
nap time
happy monday!
what does the tooth <propfemale> do when she can't find the tooth!! ahhh
project homeless today   they served 1500 people last year and are e playful ecting more this year   and i get to be a part of it!
happy birthday to my <propfirst>     he turns 6 today!
thanks for all of the <propfirst> b-day wishes he was excited all day!
finally got the boots! can't wait to wear them!
okay honesty is welcome bc it just may save me some money: the black boots with heels that come about 5 inches below the knee   can short snuggly girls pull them off or not so much? remember honesty!
and let the baking begin!
and schools are closed in davidson county
after 6 gas stations i finally found one with and air thing that worked grrrr
prayin that this is all going to fall in place    
"the baby spoke her first southern words tonight with no outside provoking    she said \   all ya'll are my friends\""  lol"""
alabama the state with trailor add ons
did my first real intervention today! it was crazy and cool!
the human race never ceases to amaze me
i have so much i would like to say i am better off saying nothing    
i hate to say this but somebody did something with my <propfemale> and gave me this troll child who has done nothing but destroy things this evening!
some ignorance is difficult to tolerate     
some dysfunctional relationships are forever    hmmm crazy thing and maybe it's more about accepting people for who they are whether i approve of it or not   
   well ma'am your rear tires are legally bald???!!
exscuse me ma'am why is <propfirst> like white and <propfirst> looks mixed? because <propfirst> is white and <propfirst> is mixed   oh! wow! weird?!
i really struggle with waiting on people   
the boys are up and ready for their road trip to snowland!
when i meet a man of his word   then he will be worth spending time with
<propfirst> is looking for the middle of no where on the map    he thinks he found it
babies r gone   on the way to mn   y do ifeel like crying??!!
145 more miles   i forgot how beautiful a huge river is at sunset    nice
nothin like some tnt to help with the drive home
400 <propmale> 1 tank of gas
<propfemale> just made it across the rainbow! best part of the movie the midgets are coming! i mean munchkins
i function better in the chaos of my 4 babies!
its official i have the best kids in the universe!
just kicked my own butt with the help of the elliptical
okay so i think the lunar eclipse is tonite   9an someone seriously tell me what time it starts central time??
so moved and privelaged to hear other peoples life stories    
tired ready to call it a day already!
seriously???
i feel like i don't even know what day it is!!
i so don't care for country music however when the men sing about being a man! mmmm dreamy! lol
has officially eaten the last bologna sandwich in the house    
whew! it is cold outside!!
i must vacuum out this car today! must!
go <propmale> <propmale>!
i am ashamed and i cant stop     
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everybody!
so thankful for loving thoughtful friends! and ones who can cook and have lovable babies!!  wink 
<propfemale> christmas facebook family!
getting ready to go see my friend gym   would love some starbucks with extra espresso   and clean out the mamma ride b4 the babies come back to trash it again!
what! gym is always available for me! one man i can depend on! ugh okay starbucks here i come!!
mmmm lunch    white chocolate mocha with extra espresso
ohhh how i love thee coffee bean!
alright southern girls  i need to know the spot to find an outfit  for curvy classy and hot
i passed i passed good lord i passed my licensure test!!!!!
it is absolutely amazing what can happen when you follow a recipe!!! who knew?!!?
gosh i thought it was a bit warm outside 42!
hmmmm nice evening   
what a concept! taking life as it comes vs trying to control it!
my family is on the road traveling back home   please pray for my sister's sanity and their safe return!!
thankful for a flexible job that allows me to be a mom   
3 5 more hours!! ahhh!!
they are running pieces of old skits from snl wow! that is humor!!
its in the 60's absolutely beautiful!
it is gonna be an early night for this house    
love seeing the une playful ected do the une playful ectable!
time to cut hair shower lounge movie    
ahhhhh the kids are home house doesn't stay clean an orderly for long
5 <propfemale> chic
what is the point of an appointment time when it isn't acknowledged?!?
i have got some serious work to do
i wish love real love was something easier to come by and quicker to recognize   i spose it would lose its value then    
"i have been driving for 20 yrs and the permit holder says \mom u act like iu know   (how to drive)\"""""
i wanted to advocate and educate in regards to addiction    well here i go!
4 babies in the dr at once!
4 strep throats are u serious!
how do i quarantene (sp) myself in a mini <propfirst> from 4 diseased children!!!
wish i could fall asleep   
off to work early hope to make up some hours!
ahhh yesss!! sometimes it just takes a little metallica!!
   and the baby says your so pretty mom   aww
gonna have to make a store run   tried to avoid it   
saturday night live   omg
sometimes you just gotta shake things off      and get back in focus
epiphany! love is not something u go and find    it is something that just happens
its friday!!!
wish i new more people  down here there would most definitely be an adult gathering occuring on cedarmont
miller has come over to help me with domestic duties     sooooo thankful!!
the blackberry is really disappointing me   
super nintendo sega genesis    dang right i like the life i live went from the negative to the positive
projects for the day: white chocolate cheesecake (for my oldest baby) and fresh salsa
"<propfirst> \mom when is jesus coming to take us to heaven?\"" i don't know <propfirst> the bible just tells us to be ready \""well iam ready mom!\"" \""mom is god a boy or a girl?\"""""
feels like mn out here!!
"i wish it were possible to get people to see their value, strength, and potential"
when your down to nothin god is up to something
"i am thankful today for the people that have been placed in my life in the past and present   they have filled gaps, given guidance, and support  what ever i thought i lacked i was and am receiving    continually \thanks"
anybody want some pellet guns and bullets!! i will hand deliver them!!!!grrrrr!!!
who new at 32 yrs of age i would have a 15yr old insanely overprotective mother wow
schools are closed thanks for the 530 call davidson cty!
"its okay for people to e playful erience pain and struggle, the 2 often build amazing character and give the initiative and drive towards positive change"
sometimes my children leave me absolutely speechless    this speechlessness can be due to pure frustration and anger or complete pride and joy
need to regroup need to regroup
concerned about my oldest     one more day with the kids at home may send her to the looney bin!
your momma is so hairy the only language she speaks is wokie
i neeeed body heat! omgoodness! it is cold!
if u want success and to overcome you have to let go of the old ways and behaviors   thats what brought you the 'unsuccess' in the first place
uh oh!!! license number has arrived 1073 it is official!!!
u took the time to figure me out   
was reminded today of where i have been sooo thankful for the power and opprotunity given to me to change
so i think me and the kids need something spontaneous and fun   so we r going to make and eat fabulous homeade sundays for supper!!!
"if you have to \screen\"" your status's b c of a significant other that means one of 2 things 1) your significant other is insecure and a control freak or 2) your up to no dang gone good!"""
taking a 15 year olds phone is like sending her into withdrawals
we r told god does not give us more than we can handle     alls i know is raising kids in the level of corruptness this world offers is more than enough for me! i need wisdom   
trying to develop a strategy of approach to teach a reel back in a 15 yr old girl
on the way to the hospital!! ugh!
"got to love the southern healthcare system! yes your rock! \not!!!!!!"
<propfemale> is allergic to penecillin
watchin the goonies with 3 4 of the family
my body aches like i did something physical yesterday (i didn't) and i just want to sleep   hope this isn't the illness all of the babies just got done with!
"did i smoosh u <propfirst> \ ya like a pancake!\"""""
"thankful today for people with determination and passion about their purpose    \dr  kings fight was not limited to one group of people, i think his vision was far bigger than that    thanks"
the neighbor boy    lord help me be nice
         
"it is so crazy how my kids can take me to  \that level\"" you know \""that level\"" like a hell girl meets a hulk like chick combined with an old school nun wiht a ruler     that level wow!"""
i think there r people who significantly suffer from self inflicted aphixiation from their own sphinxter   
is frustrated with our society on multiple levels its okay though just fuel for my character building!
ahhhhhh!!!
"11, 12, 13, saltine   sam counting"
seriosly think women should be exscused from life for a week every month
since when did this type become attractive?!
think i need to find a side hustle
no school tommorrow kiddos
i am who i am   take it or leave it!
age check: i have to work another 35 years before i can retire (that is a lot of career time)! heck i have already been working for 17!
someday    at least i hope!
i'm a picker i'm a grinner i'm a lover i'm a sinner
okay sis 2 can play that one we on the grind all the time aint nothin on my mind but    we aint playin wit chya! from the home of neckbones black eyed peas turnip and collard greens we    
some baked and marinated drummettes for supper tonite
should i stay or should i go now   
insane!!!
8-9 police cars lined up next to each with lights on doesn't look good
i think my knight in shining armor must still be in training or off to battle or something!
some things need to be left as an e playful erience vs a regular part of everyday life
so i thought it was sweet when my 11 yr old man wanted to slow dance to <propfirst> mcknight with his mamma    until he ever so sweetly found rest in my bossom   he quickly felt a smack across the head and told never to dance with a girl like that   he responded with a devious smile
mom i can't believe your so chubby! your so cute!    uh? thanks?
thinks they may be some more life changing insight on the verge of e playful losion   looking forward to it!
i'm ready for bed right now
going to bed at 7 pm is not a smart idea
pet peeve; adults who throw tantrums     i know i have been guilty but right now i am not talkin about me!!!
love my job!!!
no one can beat the isley brothers when it comes to lovin' music! no one!
mom u c that girl? she's mean i don't know why   well <propfirst> girls are crazy   no mom that girl is crazy!
school is closed
<propfirst> moms 13 now    we have to start listening to her
i must say i am a <propmale> overwhelmed with all the love flowing my way! seriously! thanks you guys and gals!
thank you again you guys gals are makin a girl feel pretty special!!!
"my kids are amazing---clean house, supper, cake, presents, and cards from each one   will keep them 4ever!!"
next tattoo is going to be a phoenix
is it wrong to allow one occurrence to determine the potential future or lack of one?
my heart is racing wondering if dreams really do come true?
i hate the disease of addiction    and i struggle with the ignorance of people that only enable the disease to keep killing life
"u know that feelin when you pray for breakthrough and blessing and then he gives it to u in an amazing way and your like \why me? i have done nothing to deserve it   \"" thank god for favor   despite me   i we need that to survive"""
let the inking persist!!!
"do u evr lay in bed and wonder \y am i awake?\"""""
"anyone that had a childhood affected by dysfunction; daily reading book \affirmations for the inner child\"" rokelle lerner wow!"""
if u mumble or speak broken english don't get attitude when people don't know what the heck u r saying!!
i just want to inform everyone it is 11am and 61 degrees!!
u see c this ice cream right there? i wanna lick it!
"<propfirst> saw some crosses at walmart and says \awwww jesus loves me this i know!\"""""
looks like a long road is ahead
sunday dinner is about ready baked chicken <propmale> n cheese and green beans!
good morning! sometimes i get caught up in people places and things and forget that i have an amazing calling and life to live!
he gives and takes away as he sees fit
not sad or happy     somewhere in the middle is that peaceful? melancholy? not sure
monday! going to attempt to make a less draining week then my typical!
worked out! felt goooood real gooood!!
wondering why i am still awake    taxes are done though!
restraint is such a foreign word!
the doctor says take a caffeine pill to replace my coffee w  creamer ?!?! r u friggin kidding me?! no thanks!
stepbrothers is on!
"the process of just \being\"" letting life happen on lifes terms and not try to manipulate it with my stupid human tricks is a 4real process   however what do i have to lose? lol pray 4 me!"""
wide awake    again
i don't know how god does it    if it were me i would have restarted multiple times
i just found and purchased the most amazing pair of heels ever!!
i need an emergency (a no harm one) from 9-12 tommorrow to escape this horrendous role playing portion of this training!! please!!
wow what a start to the day!
just as horrendous as i e playful ected !!! omg!!
"21 year old just told me i remind him of his mother, mentioned \thunder thighs\"" (which is a name i haven't heard since i was young) oh and that i would look better with long hair   you have got to have some appreciation for those with no filter! really! lol"""
attempted to do group with 5 young men all but 1 has untreated adhd! omg this is the chaos i miss! love my job!
i just need to relax and do nothing for a little while
whenever i get a pedicure about halfway through i start feeling guilty and humbled and i want to tell the pedicurist i will do her feet next   
my electric <propmale> is as much as it was for our house in the coldest month in mn this is insane!
i dont like not being able to get a good read on someone     leaves to much to the unknown
have men somehow become lazy or lost the drive to pursue or i they just full of doodoo?
letting go and accepting life on lifes terms is one of the most difficult things in the world to do     
what possesses a child to not only poop in the bathub while they are bathing but then scream bloody murder that there is a terd in the tub like they dont know where in the heck it came from!!
thinks i might just need to get out!
getting ready for church thankful for a new day!
i cannot believe that the greenbay packers are doing what they r doin!! i don't even like football!!
usher i love you!
this is y i don't watch football
looking forward to a few quiet hours with myself
god has always given me my hearts <propfemale> and at a capacity beyond my comprehension leaving me in awe and with overflow--and there is no situation beyond him!
"yesterdays service that spoke right to my heart;\god came to me  he pursued me! he had compassion on me, he washed me and healed my wounds, he then claimed me as his, covered me and clothed me, bringing me into a covenant relationship with him that is eternally binding   and now he continues to transform me into who i was created to be!"
gonna go work it out!!
if for some reason my children werent near me there wouldn't be a day that would go by that they wouldn't know that i was a phone call away   that i loved them   and that they are always on my mind 
no school!
grrrrr come on!!!
there is a reason for a slow <propfirst> and passing <propfirst> people!
its not that serious people!
i love being able to get my kids stuff they really want    i just might get more excited than they do!
"<propfirst> had to have 100 googley eyes for a school projects    we had leftovers an dsam had them in a bag    she says \oh i found my eyes!\"" as she holds the bag of googly eyes"""
called to check on my sis at 730 this am and forgot that <propfemale> is on a different time     so for her it was a 530 call! ooppss heheehe
tired    for some reason running errands takes more energy out of me than cleaning all day?!
seriously sometimes i wished i hoped less and let go more      annoyed 
think i am ready for a girls nite
breakfast has been cooked      coffee made   shower and shop??
"so the child has 100+ in all her classes     so when i find out she has skipped a class do i ground her, talk about it, or let it go and just know that i know?"
the 2 jones girls are on at the same time!!
i think i should buy a grill get some adult beverages and open the doors!!
grill purchased! u know what time it is!!
girls can most def throw a better grill out than boys!!
"maybe i need to be hit with a brick    y would a guy take the time talking about future plans, get to know someone, and act they r interested, and then to consistently not take the time to physically be in the presence of the girl they claim to be so interested in (and he is not gettin anything in return)?! <propmale>!!"
i needone of those weird shaped therapeutic pillows seriously!
suppose to be 60 today!
my wash macine is dead   and full of water does anyone now how to get the water out?
i  need <propfemale> or tim   right now!!
"<propfirst> just took his first sip of a yoohoo \ ya that taste good\"" he whispers to him self yooohoooo"""
omg poison    talk dirty to me! love it so funny to hear!
i now speak clackamas   just thought u all should know!
6am u r gonna come so early     can u just take your time?
"may not get flowers, chocolate, or romanticizing today however there is most certainly much love in my house! its a gd day!"
locked out of my own office! keys please be in there!!
omg! it is beautiful outside!!
gettin my eyes checked wish it would help me see clearer in more than one way!
gonna have a busy busy nite! 4 dates!!! uh oh!
with my babies on my hot date at applebees!
it is what it is and i can't make it what its not     deep thoughts by <propfemale> caldwell
"i know this is tmi but <propfirst> says in hi serious voice \mom i don't know why my one private sticks to this side? that's why i have to go like this (as he spreads his legs apart) so it doesn't stick\"""""
bri started track today so proud of her! <propfirst> is comin around with school and continues to make improvements   proud of him! <propfirst> has a bad ear infection he also has one of the most loving hearts i have ever encountered proud of him too! <propfirst> started a new daycare she continues to form her personality and e playful resses child like faith in jesus   i am so proud of her!
"<propfirst> has had a huge accomplishment on this day february 15th, 2011  for the very first time in his educatonal career his lowest grade is an 84!!!! whooohooo"
i am a man <propfirst> i now how to use the toilet    
this is a bit carnal but i can't say that i don't like those random une playful ected comments
i you strong enough to be my man    good  song good question!
if your not done with work do not step outside wow! make a girl quit her job or play hooky!
oh coffee where <propmale> thou
and this is y u don't go to vavoline for an oil change
"if i wear meakeup, i'm fake  if i'm skinny, i don't eat  if i have curves, i'm fat  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a b*tch  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled  go ahead and label me, i'm proud of who i am!! girls, repost this if you're proud of who you are!!!"
i wonder if the guy who is down with opp is now down with std
if that is not my daughter standing out there she is gonna hate what i am about to do!
seriously! and a train! ugh!!
feelin my allergy for real right about now!
looking forward to zaney's tonite!
can coogi be classy?
nap time!!!
light blue dolce and gabbana is amazing!
"gettin ready to see <propfirst> witherspoon aka \ u don't want to go in there for about 30 to 45 minutes\"""""
that was toooo funny!! my cheeks hurt!
first fishing trip of the year! pretty early we will get plenty of fishing done this year!
"twice baked potatoes with sour cream, cheese, and bacon bits, collard greens, and grilled and barbecued boneless chicken breast     yummmmmmeeyyyy"
thinkin of ya mn as i am in my flip flops grillin and enjoyin the fresh breeze
<propfirst> found an animal skull like a month ago and kept it <propfirst> thought it would be a great idea to steal its teeth and trick the toothfairy
just registered 2 boys for football!!! it is gonna be a busy summer!
i need some creatively nice ways to tell people i don't want to give them my number
<propfemale> suppers in the oven!
mom can u get me an ink pen with a feather   sure <propfirst> will look for one    well u know the perfect guy to ask    who? god mom he knows everything! now he is trying to convince me he knows what color god is really b c he is convinced its <propfirst> <propmale>!
i say y not completely embrace yourself for who u are(your inner stuff) and accept and rock out your outer self attractive qualities and imperfections!!
i don't eat chickens they are spicy----sam
sry about all these kid stories but   sean got his granny a hge chocolate <propfemale> bar for her bday   taylor says cool! maybe she will get the <propfemale> ticket!
"just had to read the nastiest book ever about flies maggots and pupa,"
life is so big    to big to stop enjoying it and living it b c of one person or event
learning to <propfemale> great days!
bookstores r such a weakness!
some of my daughters ways r toooo much like mine    eeeeehh!
if u can't drive are scared to drive or think it is okay to drive 30mph on the interstate  please for everyones safety and sanity don't drive!
i cant believe all of the old r <propfirst> that has been playin on the radio today?!?!
y
yes sometimes i want to throw a two year old fit
<propfemale> you don't have to put on the red light
i need to feed 4 kids cheaply and quickly
"<propfirst> has learned to say sorry     ugh   so she does something and then pitifully says \mom im sorry\"" e playful ecting of course to not get in trouble or get what she wants! babies"""
there haas been a drought    and i am just starting to feel it!!!
i am beyond excited for spring and summer!!!
it is a bit <propfemale> outside! wow!
"<propfirst> again says \mom when is jesus coming\"" \"" i don't know sweety we just need to be ready\"" \""i am ready for him to pick me up mom!\"" love him!"""
"song of the day \tainted love\"" post it! sing it! snap your fingers to it! <propmale> your head move your feet! happy friday!"""
i think i seriously just damaged some vocal chords screaming out of frustration! lol oopps
little pamperin goin on!!
its amazing what happens when your contacts r in the right eyes
"i find it a bit annoying when my neighbor decides to not park on their side, for what reason i do not know, making it next to impossible for me to get out   grrrr"
live and learn    chalk it up and keep on keepin on
mom can i borrow  some of your boy cologne? no and its not boy cologne its friggin dolce and gabbana!
"i think in the end its really the \players\"" that miss out"""
can't get mad when u ask for clarity and u get it but its not what you wanted
there is so much good and hope in the world     but the bit of pain seems to drowned it out
church---
praying for the comforter to come in this morning and reside for awhile
gettin ready for some sunday cookin'
i always tell the people i work with u have got to take in new info if you want to learn do something different   so me and <propmale> are about to get it! new info!
temp has dropped all of a sudden!
why do people ask questions when they really don't want to listen or hear the answers?
thankful for the life i have been given    
god always seems to make things work out    he never fails i can freak out about bills food clothes etc and he lines things up and we always end up with not only what we need but some extra too!
love my job   for multiple reasons let me share 1 i get to encouter daily people that i help and work with that have no limited filter    which has multiple benefits today it was empathy and a good laugh of wow i can't believe u just told me that!
i would really like something sweet like cheesecake with a brownie bottom!
man its beautiful outside
i don't know that i have ever slowed down enough to realize how fulfilling my life is      god is good
"i did it    i stood up for myself in one of those situations i would have \suffered in silence\"" not sure how i feel about it yet but i did it!"""
allergies? really    yuck
"my daughter says \you will get married mom and have a big wedding\"" oh wow okay \""probably when your like 50\""     huh? thanks bri!"""
baby has a temp of 103  sad 
my car  sad   she's nasty so nasty   this is what i will be doing with my friday night
i need to know what will take spray paint off the garage floor
if your kids are still asking for stuff after u spend a chunk of money like a feign or they e playful ect  you to keep running when u have been and they have a sick sibling well u prob have some teens in the house and some kids u have catered to too much!
"there is definitely a difference in having a \man\"" vs having a \""partner\""    """
no more shame about my car she is clean!!
i can't hoola hoop!! wtheck!
ham and bean soup in the crckpot   enough to feed a family of 20   lol
i think i am going to implement a new house rule   no tv on sundays or video games    
i have done none of the reading i intended to this weekend
the boy got himself suspended    defending his mother but still! ahhhh
"if i survive raising these children with some sanity there is going to be one heck of a party vacation celebration i will have tshirts saying \survivor of 4 children\"" something!"""
<propfirst> just came home with a girls number he wants to call her maybe next week he said she is 5 but looks like she is 4
student loans   no wonder the country is in debt    i probably wont even get it all paid off before i die!
it pains me to my core to see my kids make choices that aren't good for them    b
they are like leeches!
"i dont think the no child left behind theory law whatever was developed with the intent to \dumb down\"" education or make things \""easy enough\"" for all kids to pass   making school easy is not helping"""
"counselor, comedian, cab driver, cook, caretaker,and cosmotologist all in one day! impressive!"
storm yes!
65 dollars to fill up this am!! dang it!
"rule 1of parenting fight the urge to spoil your children, or give them 70 percent of what they want fight the feeling of wanting to give them materially what u didn't have!"
i feel ill     
breaking points i am sure have their purpose but i don't like them!
this kid talks nonstop the whole way home about some random stuff!
the suspense!!!!
"girls i say we crash this tommorrow! avid lounge presents: \friday nite mingle\"""""
omg! goodnite!!
friday!!!
my kids would make great panhandlers
"sometimes i wonder when i meet a person that is young and already e playful erienced-death, abuse, neglect, abandonment, addictions,physical disabilities, no education, gang violence, no parents ever i mean where do u start? how do you bring hope and healing when life has been so so traumatic?"
oh friends of mine do not allow yourself to submit to your age number    fight it fight it! just for tonite! lol!!
<propmale> g seriously! time warp
i don't like a cold bed      sad 
i need someone to bring me or cook me breakfast   any takers?
hey mom mr sun is out today as he turns the lamp on and points it directly at my face!
guess who's great! my baby girl just hooked her momma up!
another beautiful warm <propfemale> southern day!!!
cisco's chicken mmhmm i'm likin' it!
i need 298 dollars for this grey coach purse   anyone? lol
i am not even gonna lie or deny that i wish love was more like a fairytale
tired ate some amazing chicken off the grill now it is about time to take the road trip home
"the kid has been \flarping\"" all morning"""
<propfirst> clearly has a borderline personality disorder omg
seriously thinking about moving to a better area for my babies    school system etc   
"french toast, bacon, hashbrowns, and pineapple n' strawberries   mmm"
time change      sad  fooey
estimated 3000 bodies washed up to shores in japan    mmmm
there are somethings in life i have an easier time accepting i can't have then others
y can't my name be <propfemale> bretts? who's <propfemale> bretts?an illustrator  why don't you just be an illustrator? no cause then i would just draw all of the time except sat and sun --- this kid cracks me up
mom do u know what plushy is --no-- its when your chubby and old your skin hangs down
"i must say spiritual things are an unavoidable thought when i see the pictures of japan and hear of the 3000 bodies washed up on shore, the quake was so strong it changed the structure of the earth   never a better time to start thinking about what really matters   love ya fb family"
just to know that i crossed your mind today would be more than enough   i'm just sayin
almost time for a pedicure   i cant wait!!!!
making some eggrolls tonite!
how many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? i dont know either but if i could just get one to hook it up!
3 11 11 the earth quake happened and on 3 14 11 amid the silent corpses a baby cried out - and japan met its tiniest miracle     wow the baby was 4 months old
just keep swimming just keep swimming
have a hard time dealin with folks that try to get by with doing the minimum! grrrr to u!
"i have got to find a way to deal with people in the \helping\"" profession that don't treat the ones being helped like they would want to be treated   frustrates me to the core as being a part of the human race i don't care what you've got or r dealing with we r all as human as the next!"""
burgers and brats!
cooked for a little too long  annoyed  oops
tots just lost tooth # 2 pulled again by big brother
"if my mom or dad would have ever said \hey <propfemale> there is some teen party at this new club tonite would you like to go? i will give you a ride and the money to get in\"" i probably would have deficated on myself out of complete shock and joy"""
learning to accept that a lot of things i want aren't meant for me however i have a loving father who is gracious and knows me well
can u say pushin 80 degrees! love it!!
these r the kind of days i could sooo road trip with the windows down and the music loud
"my kids drive me to the brink of insanity, they make choices i am ashamed of, they can be self centered, and rude leeches! however they are my babies and i cant stop lovin' them and wont stop tryin to do what is best for them    i love em'"
goodnight all!
i don't like these nights of tossin an turnin
good morning fb hope your day is great!
got a letter yesterday the house is going to auction soon     sad  kinda sad
my grill a mgd r waiting for me   i'm comin!
skins is ridiculous!
potential zanies tonite anyone?
"<propfirst> \mom i liked it when you were a good mom    when you use to put my clothes away\"""""
ohhhh my goodness nothin better than the smell of smokers and grills doin what they do ! mmmm!
some guy drunk on a bike just about got jacked by a 2003 honda odyessey and a permit driver!!!
_________________________________
 smile  make it good!
"kids are a trip! <propfirst> just leaned over in my face and whispered in a deep voice \i'll spank your panties\"" as spit dripped on my shoulder   lol"""
uh wow its is march 20th and it is blazin outside! love it! sry mn i can't trade this!!
"blackened chicken is soakin for the ceasar salad, veggies and fruit washed and cut for the week, gonna make some slaw and pan of <propmale> n cheese (which i will have some 13 yr old young man know i havent made for awhile!  playful )"
"having a moment! i have through out different seasons of my life always had the best, most amazing female friends mentors, inspiration-givers supporters i am really thankful! if your reading this you are most def included! (this description most certainly includes my sis, daughters, niece, aunts, an cousins! amazing women!)"
kind of want to check out the soul lounge    
what are those lines right there on your leg <propfemale>? i know that means your old i've seen those on grand<propfemale>'s legs    (w  much attitude i respond) aaa no there not!! their hereditary! as i mentally wish some hereditary on his little behind!
could use some prayer for wisdom and direction to deal help with an eleven year old boy making some bad decisions
gonna shoot for 4 hrs of sleep   
i dont like this kind of numbness
he can and will make away even if he needs to cross the paths of strangers to bring his will forth    thankful tonight for his intricate and purposeful plans
he has pulled me out of the dirt   cleaned me and dressed me in fine linen and showed me a love and faithfulness i have never e playful erienced   he has givin me the ability to be more than a conqueror   i have to press forward to the position he has given me
nothin like chattin on facebook with your daughter while she is sitting right next to you on the couch! love it!
what happen to the heat nashville!
moderation needs to become a regular part of my vocabulary
mmmmm
good friday ya'll!  wink 
   becoming a believer of possibilities
its gonna be a snugglin kind of evening    mmhhmm
i hope they have baseball practice tonite the baby boy had his cleats on at 5am ready to go!
"its gonna be a wild night of kid movies, mgd, and a little face bookin'"
if my mom was ugly i would hate it   
"love lookin at old pics, however     i missing my sister and greatful for my blessed life---i wish i would recognize how good life is in the current moment and not have to look back to appreciate things     love  u sis!"
yay! favorite pants are fixed!!
maybe if i can just keep my mouth shut i won't jinx this ! fingers crossed!!
if anyone would like to escort me to the <propmale> <propmale> show on april 9th yes! i would love to go!!
bout to get some of those jazzy wings and watch a movie with friends and family!
due date was ha-larious!!
goodnight  love 
is just dreamy
good monday!
busta rhymes is a gosh dern fool! him and his mouth! lol
the death toll in japan is 10000 and there are still 17500 people listed as missing     
www abc net au news events japan-quake-2011 beforeafter htm interactive before and after
a much needed walk and fresh air!
the boy just attempted to intellectualize his sister---wrong move <propmale> and then tried to say his source of info  for his essay was bootleg?! wtheck!!
i love that i can laugh at myself    i mean pure joy nothin  better!
"do u think \non-opposites\"" can attract?"""
seriously! who needs 4 boxes of elbow macaroni! omg!!
"<propfirst> \do you know what poop is made of?\"" <propfirst> \""let's not talk about that at the dinner table\"" <propfirst> \""it's name is dooker\"""""
"have never been into  \zodiac signs\""  however the someone sparked the curiousity    seriously how does it get so close to dead on?!? i mean even down to the traits associated with the birth date? weird!"""
good night all!
no! its not 6am!
god really does have some fine handy work!
"fresh asparagus cooked in butter and garlic, mashed potatoes and gravy, and meatloaf   yummy!!"
y does the boy take it this level almost every morning! grrr
really really have strong feelings about the access to alcohol and drug treatment in the state of tn---
gonna need some self care pampering after today!
its nice to know i still got it!
since when do 2 year olds get excited about friday?
"the baby with a smile on her face  and her finger in mine says \mom i have a booger for you!\"" smh"""
happy friday!!!!
just when i thought it was going to be a low-key day
women attempting to cover up your hateration with a compliment followed by a discrete but not so much pointed out imperfection is ridiculous---ijs
women attempting to cover up your hateration with a compliment followed by a discrete but not so much pointed out imperfection is ridiculous---ijs
2 yr old is having a psychotic breakdown    i need to get out!
i am feeling really content with the direction of my life and relationships-- for now! lol
sometimes when we are so use to being treated a  certain way when we encounter something different   well it leaves me full of emotion and speechless all at once
think we will be heading to radnor park today burn off some energy!
walkin around a track -man comes up sams says hi-mommy he looks like a grandpa omg!
<propfirst> finally got to practice! he is a big 6 year old!
well for never playin ball before i must say i am impressed already!
well i see i am gonna have to work on some tolerance--mammas maybe shouldn't be able to speak during practice especially more than the coaches
i swear i am going to find some kind of airfreshener for my sons rear or slip him enough laxative instead of farting he will shat on himselfhe won't think that's funny!
oh! everybody is running to the back of the building!
billboard sign got jacked!
"gonna have to boycott <propfirst> mcknight, <propfirst> b, kc jojo, 112 and whoever else wants to sing that lovin music! (just for a little while   wink "
6 yr old is learning how to spell and in a completely serious way he decided to make me a list of cuss words so i knew which ones to not say     very interesting
hate those days when i get stuck in my head!
thankful!
"in the words of big bird, today's episode was brought to you by the letters \w\"" \""t\"" and the letter \""f\"""""
"i say \   feelin a little chunky today--extra chunky\"" bri replies \""hmm what's wrong with that i mean whenever i get cookies i want them to be extra chunky\"""""
hate it when all 4 of my carmex's r at work!
look at the <propfemale> !
wednesday ya'll! closerto the weekend which means warm weather cute dresses grill mgd friends family!!!
the one day i'm late and traffic is wretched!
maybe i am just to aggressive-persistant  with obtaining what i want
i am thankful for multiple good friends   and right now for one who lives to far away!
"for teachers to use the word \insubordinate\"" doesn't sit with me well   i am thinkin they should be in corrections not the school system"""
something about the energy of the city combined with the warm weather breeze and just the right song it excites my soul!
tired real tired!
mom ms  binkley likes me   she likes beer too   (how do u know that) she drinks it everyday at lunch!
for those fb friends in the fashion world my daughter (<propfemale> <propmale>) is gettin ready for another photo shoot would lovefor this one to be more artistic   input?!
there are some earthly things that are just heavenly    like the massaging that happens to my feet during a pedicure   mmmm!
i want to be caller # 10! <propmale> needs my support!
is it possible to have a mutual wow-ness to occur between 2 people   and i mean beyond the physical!!!
holy shoot!! there is like an abundance of stray cats in my neighborhood and they can sure make some insane noises---and i'm not talkin about meow's!!!
up to early! and can't sleep so let's get this friday started!
i really enjoy payday  i'm just sayin
something about authoratative (sp) personalities wow i struggle with them!
u can just call me madea!
going to do my very 1st presentation on addiction for a group of professionals    excited!
"i think if people don't want to \date\"" with the goal of commitment or long term they should say they are just interested in leisure recreational activities don't call it dating    ijs"""
new motto: if you can't keep it real   this really isn't gonna happen---now that's real !!!  wink 
i guess there is a reason y am still awake    omg my heart hurts
y does it seem like the police are quick to deal with some bogus stuff but when they are truly needed they take forever?!
shout out to davidson county police dept ! with your slow behind good thing someone's life didn't depend on u!!!!
baseball games (taylors first sport first game!!) and grillin!!
hadto get <propfirst> a nut cup <propfirst> says i want one---my automatic response hun they don't make in your size---lol crack myself up!
what kind of mother gets her son to his first game late! and i'm at the field!!!
lookin forward to gettin out this evening if anyone wants to join!!
it's 89 degrees out    love it!
so the boy is sitting on my lap   taylor are u scratching yourself on my lap---he shakes his head no--yes you are!---well i'm clean?!
mom you know why your pretty   cuz your chubby   so only chubby girls are pretty? no just some     
i think if i start taking each e playful erience enjoy it to the fullest w o attatching e playful ectations i may not need valium      wink 
wow!
the <propfemale> is amazing tonite
good morning!!!
love worship!!!
"humbleness, gratitude, <propfemale>, trust, and submission----i think if i can maintain these my life will, at minimum, remain as amazing as it currently is---i am thankful for how he is working out all things"
"sundays menu: brats, chicken on the grill, fresh guacamole, and sauted asaparagus"
old passions being stirred up!
the oldest has informed me that my parent lectures are a bit long and since she does listen to me could i just summarize   
leeches    i swear they are part leech   at least a 1 4 leech
happy tuesday! do something your passionate about today!!
someone is gonna owe me a steak dinner!     leave me with carrots and celery!! lol
omg!!! this can't be happening!!
if i get one more call about tcap testing!! if the kids would be taught in an effective way ya wouldn't have to spend months to prepare for the test in the first place cause they would know it!!!!
what to do what to do   
not classy to enter a store on your cell phone goin off--ijs
so gonna need some southern pampering by friday!!
y is my kid alwaysthe last one off of the field!!!
"enfj - the chimpanzee\pros= gracious and understanding\cons= most reserved out of all extroverts"
my drive way is so slanted it is going to be perfect to lay on and <propfemale> gaze! the neighbors are gonna wonder!!! but u know now that i am officially been greyed---im gonna live each day to its fullest and not so much care what the neighbors have to say!!!
it's my friday!!!! yay!
just got done with 2 groups in the jail    i love it! feel privelaged to fill the role that i have been given
this is minute summer weather ya'll beautiful!!
"<propmale> dynamite said it the best    \idiot\"""""
the oldest baby girls school is on fire!?!
the oldest baby girls school is on fire!?!
whoooo hooooo!!!!!
sometimes a little smack talk is called for    ijs
as females we have to remember our worth    and when mr  right comes he will see it too   
thanks for the lovely reminder about e playful ectations!
"we all have history's that is for sure! however, i personally am far more open to someone's past when people keep things real (good indicator of change)     kir!"
i need a friggin umbrella
what goes up must come down
well things did go as planned---  wink  that's okay though good practice in goin with the flow!
"i truely want to be at that level where if what i want doesn't happen or i don't get it \i'm cool with it\"" b c if i am suppose to have it i would--kir"""
mom you know about girls don't ya? what do they do when their in love?
feel like i wanna smack her with belt or sumethin   tell to come here so i can tell her sumethin    lol
most def goingto be a lazy day on the couch and i am soooo cool with that!
goodnight facebook----goodnight!!
i hope this homemade chicken noodle soup taste as good as it smells!
so pulled in to the home spot was getting <propfirst> out of the vaan turned around and there was a fox?! trottin down cedarmont like it was his street!!
felt good to put some pants on that haven't fit in so long they may just not be in style!lol!!
friggin ridiculous!!
don't be skerred
wow
wretched technology!! i despise the grasp u have on me!
getting family pics done on saturday very excited! haven't had pictures done since <propfirst> was a baby and i have 4 beautiful babies!! and  the photographer is very talented!
the boy went to work with me today he got to see his momma in action at a mtg   he gave me a strange look when i was done     he was proud of me! wow! that was an une playful ected treasure!
baseball!
uh   hey can i play on your team? coach?!?
need to sell 5 dollar sonic cards has 5 buy one get one free's and 5 other coupons to get stuff cheaper!
wow - wind is gettin a bit crazy
thank god for change-- hadn't even thought about what today represents for some
radio stations talk too much!!
so wanted to be able to get excited about you   oh well  annoyed 
this chicks feet are huge! at least 11-12 dang!
"dang baby saw her presents!!! bri tried to tell her they were for somebody else she said \no they aren't there mine!\"""""
another one bites the dust another bites the dust   
"oh! its official---i am a liar, told the boy i would crack this coconut today and didnt do it---- i am however coing up with some creative ways i could crack it!!"
today 3 years ago was the day i gave birth to myvery last! addition to my herd! happy 3rd bday <propfirst>!!
"let me take you to my world for a second: \mom <propfirst> ate the cupcakes out of the trash\"" <propfirst> screaming \""no i didn't!\"" <propfirst> with tears streaming down her face runs to me screaming \""no i didn't mom!\"" so i wipe her chubby little face show her the frosting \""<propfirst> <propfemale> you have frosting on your face?\"" <propfirst> turning rageful tears comin like a flood screams \""i didn't mom!\"""""
"if u \look\"" old enough to be my dad or r for that matter- no thanks!! really!"""
i really really want a dodge challenger (different than the charger) i wonder if all the kids would fit?!
this is a battlei don't think i can fight anymore    
if i had a choice i would naturally always feel content
"ok ok new goal \rising above joy stealers   people-situations-- i most certainly know-believe i have not been called to live a defeated-bound life!\"""""
is working on having to listen to ideas opinions of things i don't agree with---for 3 more hours!
bloody torture!!!!!
is it considered littering when u throw food out the window? cuz u know if the birds don't eat it it will bio-degrade
let me take the phone and computer for a while i bet her butt will respond faster than 911 when i call----grrrr
if it weren't for this dress i would be on that bike!!
"egg hunt if we can ever get there, family pics (way excited) and chucky cheese for babies birthday party!!!"
<propmale> trickery!!! that's what she did!! blasted trickery! however the kids are loving it!
"what a day! it was full---almost done, waiting for this macaroni and cheese to get done baking for tommorrows dinner---thanking god ahead of time for the friends he has given me and praying blessings upon those that were before them!!  love  love you all night!!"
happy easter!
"really want to thank and put a plug in for the two talented people that blessed me yesterday with affordability, quality, talent, with family photos and a personalized tiered <propfemale> cake! thank you! adaceo <propfirst> and <propfemale> suggs!!"
if death couldn't hold him down   this life can't hold me down!!
i got such a powerful msg this am satan was waiting outside those church doors!
"ham, greens, slaw, potato salad, buns, cheese ball, casserole, <propmale> n cheese, deviled eggs    man yummy!! the girls hooked it up!!"
another birthday this week! in other words if anyone needs a house cleaned yard work done before friday--you need to hit me up!! momma needs to get a side hussle to keep up!!
i'm tired but love watchin the boy play ball!
if heonly new they are on him because they see his potential!
stupid pop machine!!
love tupac his lyrics always kir
think i may have found a potential and perfect 2nd job!
baby girl is singing tonite!!
fried porkchops an mash taters w  gravy and a side of sautted asparagus    yum
picture that with a kodak
i am so moved by the talents  of my children---and tonite its bri! you shine on the stage! i am so proud of you!
u know a momma can pick out her babies cry in a room full of babies      itsno different when she's singin with 25 other kids!
"well today is special   my sister was born! she has been a supporter, dang good listener, mother, friend, a lot of ups and downs we have had! i love you sis!"
word of the day- detatchment
someone is sending me text msgs that are not only blank but no #!!! lol
dang crackberry!!! grrr such a love hate relationship!
dang crackberry!!! grrr such a love hate relationship!
i 'dislike' the idea feeling of powerlessness when it pertains to people i love and or care about
prayin that the boy gets some insight beyond the typical 12 year old-- he needs it and i need him to get it!
hookin up some stir fry tonite!!!
most times i am sure of what i want   so i think    only then realize maybe i don't know---dang it!
sonic fundraiser cards for 5 bucks (for the boys) i will deliver!
its gonna be a good day! be blessed and free fb family!
i love going to the jail!!
i smell dooker!
"<propfirst> new what he was talkin about in \the man in the mirror\"""""
perception---can be life changing
you have got to be kiddding me!!!! <propfirst> mcknight june 2nd here!!! i love nashville!!!!
the boy is turning 12 tommorrow!
i wanna get on the back of a bike!
little girl little girl--smh
sky is so clear! love the stars!
"happy birthday sean--mr \preteen\"""""
"god just showed me myself at 18 through a 22 year old young lady   humbled, awed, sad, thankful, hopeful, affirmed    lord u r amazing and all credit is due to you"
i love my daughter
key reason y i don't put jesus stickers on my car---bc every once in awhile i cross paths with a jerk like you that has a jesus sticker
when your best doesnt feel good enough or sufficient---i am beginning to reluctantly understand this is how we r not only humbled but also given the opprotunity to live our faith
well---there is a boy in my house and he isnt related    and he isnt here to see me <propfirst> <propfirst> or sam    hmmm
baseball!!
"if we only have one life, it is short, and we don't know its end-- y do we spend our time doing things we aren't passionate about, in relationships that bring nothing but pain, doing things that only destroy us physically, mentally, and spiritually?"
so happy to see my  sisters getting treated like they deserve!
i need a name tag button something to identify <propfemale>'s age when we r out! wow
run if you want to but when i get a hold of you   which i will ya better be ready!!
might be goin for a bike ride!!!! yesss!!
no bike ride tonite  sad  maybe tommorrow  playful 
job 2 check!
momma need a house baby need some shoes ---hussle hussle hussle
the amount of money the us spends on preventing drug trafficking in a year is equivalent to the money spent daily to prevent human trafficking in the us
"he said \relatively big\"" \""its an extravaganza\"" this announcer sucks omg his words!!! what! he is just saying big words to fill in the time --msnbc"""
i am being told to hold it-----hold it---its an extravanganza----absolutely---uh  soon enough----hold it hold it---
"i have been told it is something to do with something-----hold it\thanks mnsbc"
show stealer
bin laden is dead--ok so has anything been changed or made better? ijw
we get so upset with hatred of any type here in the us yet we breed it     one man has not made this world evil seriously
i dont have to decide anything at this point    
awake grrrrr
it's closing time! dont know where your goin! but ya cant stay here!
exscuse me sir can i get 15 billion tacos    ijw
"think i am coming to terms with the idea that we all have some kind of dysfunction     annoyed  but what makes the difference is if we r willing to be honest with ourselves, self evaluate, and take steps to recover    "
note to self: if you ever bring ham and bean soup to lunch ever again do not leave its remains in the trash!!!
this untreaded waters      not sure how i feel about that
"being \comfortable\"" is not what i need to get what i truly want or for progressive change --being comfortable is b c its what we r use too its familiar to us good or bad---"""
lord help me with my tongue help look past the defenses others use to cover up their own dysfunction---please
who knew?!
"name(s): \<propfemale> <propfemale> buford-8 7 1995 @ 4:28pm; 6lb 15oz  21 5 inches\<propfirst> <propfirst> caldwel-=4 29 1999 @2:13pm; 8lb 13 6 oz 20 inches\<propfirst> <propmale> donaldson-12 9 2004 @9:49pm; 8lb 2 oz 20 inches\<propfemale> <propfemale> donaldson-4 21 2008 @11:12 am; 9lb 6 3 oz 22 inches\repost if you're a proud mama celebrating mother's day!"
so blessed and so missing my spiritual family back in mn
