ecce037a8db3491ceada42c0a7159f9e
omg omg <propfemale> many ppl to add lol
"coolin on the scene like a horse in a stable a brother got ill and tried to snatch a fat cable i stepped back, like it wasn't no thing i punched him in the jaw with the fat gold ring i had an ace in the hole when it came to that-by epmd  cover by rage aga"
rage against the machine is an awesome band lol
im going to kick this regents in the knees tomorrow  lol (its going to be easy)
just got home from <propfemale>'s it was freaking amazing lol i'm in a very good mood and 1  test left wouhooo!!!
"woke about an hour ago, only one in my house        its weird"
o yea 1 more test in a couple hours can't wait lol
no more test just summer woot
"hanging out with people, adventuring through town tonight should be pretty amazing    i hope"
"is doing nothing at all today, maybe another adventure through town at night"
is going running phone has a flashing screen so i'm guessing its broken  sad   after that adevnture through town hoping i find someone to bump into lol
"rain sucks, bored as hell  sad "
phone is still broke  annoyed 
"i was going to go running but not that going to happen, still need to fix my phone or just get a new one and then party in the after noon  smile "
"our lives are so different each one balances on the line in between right and wrong, unfortunately most of us are the wrong side no matter what happens-ben p "
making the moist of my day lol
going to see transformers and umm ya today is a sad day
is hungry lol
my computer is flipping out ><
dont do the obamamize thingy it messes up your computer cause thats what it did to mine
isn't hungry anymore lol
is being himselfs
i need a ride to the sullivan's' party lol
happy 4th of july everyone
"passed everything even spanish, yay"
hangng out with <propmale> and <propmale> its pretty retarded lol
is not going running lol
swimming in the morning can't wait lol
is training it for bigger and better things
is glad he didn't die during the lake swim  smile 
facebook is being gayy and cross country is boring
"hanging with my girlfriend, don't txt until 3 lol"
going to work on his imaginary abs lol
dont have practice this morning but couldnt sleep in   whats wrong with me!? lol
today was good tomorrow should be to wednesday is closer then we think lol
"horrible day, just want to be with <propfemale>  sad "
like a boss
school      sucks dont want to go
"got a black and white lava lamp from his girlfriend, it's freaking amazing!"
is 16! woohoo! lol
isan't feeling sick woohoo! lol
"hw, music, got 410$ today from family bday party woohoo!"
"just did a p90x workout, it's insane!"
"got his geometry progect done, did yoga for the first time today it's insane, on to the next activity lol"
i'm on a mission from god 
i danced with a spoon in a hole because thats how i roll 
"so tired, text me or whatever, might be going to south dansville later on "
homework and studying for learners permit all day
"tired, county meet for x-c friday, soccer game tomarrow ,lets eat eagle meat!"
<propfemale>'s resturante massacre is an amasing song 
"extra hour of sleep, yes!"
gots his permit  smile 
"swimming monday, good bye life"
"hw, studying spanish, biking possibly at like 10 lol"
"gone, just like mostly everyone eles lol"
got d q'ed in the 200 i m  cause idk what to do and a crappy time in 100 breast but poneroso what deffinetly worth 10$ after it lol
i'm not funny  what i am is brave - <propfemale> ball
qualified for sectionals in the 200im with a 2 smile 9  laugh 
no practice good big lunch good movie with girlfriend great and to top it off the superbowl a very good sunday  smile 
no more swimming!
made a snowman with <propfemale> and had a miniature snowball fight  pretty good day  smile 
homework    all day
is going to fail the spanish regents for sure
btw people who have my phone number make sure it's 585 519 9353 and not 991 or w e  the old number was thank you
"finally, a good day"
yay got into drivers <propmale> 
rip <propfirst> <propmale> 1968-2010
english progect     sucks
i can speak french     in russian
somthing hacked my account wtf
going to see the new twilight movie with jessica     it better be good
drivers <propmale> today swimming tomarrrow  just great
"you will never be happy if \you continue to search for what happiness consists\                                    of  you will never live if you are \looking for the meaning of life \                                    --<propfirst> camus"
a lot of people are going to europe     i wanna goooooo
"had my first pop-tart ever today, go me "
hill climb was funn  laugh 
"\oliver wright didn't have a pilots license\"""""
"yard sale!!! friday 8-4 concrete leaves, handmade jewelry(good for gifts), tools!!!! \basic yard sale stuff!!   come on over! 43 seward st dville!"
"there should be a no homework on the first 3 day policy, like seriously"
"i got a medal for runnin 3 <propmale>, woohoo! lol"
"to anyone who is in human bio, what do i write about for the cell mates paper?"
"made 75$ this weekend, go meee "
woohoo guys cc won     again lol
what times the dance?
got a drivers license!
get to miss class all day tomorrow to fish! woohoo!
study    study   study     sleep
wheres all the blue food?
everyone who has my number please send me a text message because i got a knew phone and lost my contacts and  don't forget to include who your are 
last saturday practice is finally over  smile 
\education is the key the future\,ecce037a laugh b3491ceada42c0a7159f9e,"\i'd rather forget and be happy than be sad and wise\"""""
