8921baa853721ab48ebf2cfc79e3a116
sweet i get to go skiing today  laugh 
boredom sucks
hard mode is hard  some hard modes are harder than others  then there's algalon the raid destroyer  he feeds off of your tears 
hooray for dying harddrives
sing us a song your the piano man     sing us a song tonight!
thinks the weekend needs to come faster
round 1             fight!
flawless victory!
round 2        fight!
i just won 4 tickets to baby wants <propfemale> at the apollo next friday!!!!
beware of vandercookies! they are taking over the hub
i have found a game that slowly rips out your soul as you play it     
reality sucks
people need to learn to speak english clearly for gods sake 
yay a presenter that speaks real english
up is down?
why is the sky on fire?
<propmale> is losing the poke war
omgimonfire
whats the point of friends if they still treat you like crap
why cant anything ever seem to go right with me    oh well the world keeps on turning  hope i didn't make mistakes tonight but i did what i had too  sad  life sucks
attention: <propfirst> is not indestructable i can get hurt  it sucks
is very angry!!!!! it eats people that try to use it and then spits them back out as misspelled words like criitical and ingenuiity   over time this process becomes extraordinarily annoying and debilitating to those who have not been consumed by the alleged email monster 
get down on ze ground!
is very tired after playin ddr for 45 minutes   i can't play rock band for a few weeks so might as well play ddr again
<propmale> has lost the poke war!
"why do i bother anymore, seriously"
i got a 53% on my material science exam but got a b in the class     divine intervention anyone???
i will not give in to you sickness  begone 
who's up for a new years <propfemale> party at  my house again  laugh 
impossibilities abound!
"<propfemale> christmas, please keep all your limbs attached!"
why 2 disc sets on blu-ray?
"duldrums mate, has the whole crew on edge "
what is this with the perpetual state of cleaning
attention:  my cat is drugged on cat nip     that is all 
went from 3 working ps3 controllers to 1 working ps3 controller  yay    
is back at iit and the weather hasn't much changed from florida lol
is really bored
"no more watching fringe while i\m eating"""
i dont think im ever going to do a 12-3am shift and then a 6-8am shift in the same day again
feels lonely again    sad 
last episode of dollhouse    so sad
i have determined through the idle ponderings of a tired and exhausted mind that the use of blue lights in a dark room makes you fall asleep faster and sleep well
fly with me forever high  and with these wings  we'll set the world on fire
"the story always goes, when the anger withinbuilds up for too long   takes us over   and we all are forced to obey, hey   "
"as you can see, when you look at me, i'm pieces of what i used to be  it's easier when you don't see me standing on my own two feet  i'm taller when i sit here still, you ask are all my dreams fulfilled they made me a heart of steel, the kind them bullets cannot see, yeah   "
"apparently in my family when it rains it doesn't pour, it hurricanes   "
epic lab report half done
lost interest in reality again
is really really bored
hooray for having to be sleep deprived for an eeg so im on my second day with almost now sleep      this sucks
avantasia    may be my new favorite band
how would the world change if we defined the alphabet as the opposite to how it is now
thinks this may be my roughest semester yet
"be careful of what you wish forwishes might come alivethe twines are pulling me every day and night   the show, the glitter and all the famei'd give away for a lifesome things can end with a word, they saythis only ends with a sharp knife  knife!"
"if we are all puppets, who is the puppet master?"
use your mind !you will leave the flesh dimensions behind  sanity can be the toll  -leading to the core of your soul 
when is reality better then a dream?
feels the dice spinning in his head
now i know why the dice were spinning
my playstation is i was unable to get avater
yay facebook!
"has found the facebook deadzone to be between 6am and 8am, this is when all new postings cease for a time "
round 1      fight
round 2          fight!
schools out for summer!
at this time reality starts to blur and nothing seems real
is confused and bewildered at going to sleep when the sun is out
gurgle
is lost
3 creepy times that i alwayssee when i look at clocks 12 smile 4 3 smile 3 11:11 why is it whenever i look at clocks it's one of these times
yay new clothes!
and i'm off to pittsburgh
almost to pittsburgh!
car broke with 28 <propmale> to go
and im all moved in  hooray!
very intense first day
almost finished setting up my first project at work  laugh 
hehe good lasagna     only took 2 hours to cook
mmmmm yummmy left over lasagna
is learning about injection molding  laugh 
sketti ftw
inglorious basterds is funny
leave my brain alone!
the headache has relinquished its hold on my brain
is kinda lonely
tummy says hungry
poll: should i get a haircut?
"the wheel of time turns and ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend  legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the age that gave it birth returns again  in the third age, an age of prophecy, the world and time themselves <propfemale> in the balance  what was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the shadow "
can't wait for salsa dancing tonight
salsa dancing was so much fun!!!!
omgwtf reallystrongmagnets
just got a sick new laptop as a bday present from his parents  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
pants!
my email account got hacked i apologize to anyone who gets spam
"on a brighter note, my bluetooth headphones are awesome"
"how many of us really know everyone on our fb friends list? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses  this will be fun"
green day rock band yea or nay
pants!
is very lonely again  sad 
begone! evil cardboard dust!
my alarm clock has literally disappeared
"so after tearing apart me room trying to find my alarm clock, literally throwing things around my room, i lie down to go to sleep and feel something in my blanket  realizing it is to big to be my ipod, i pull out my alarm clock from the mass my blankets had become following me tearing apart my room  curse you gremlins for placing my clock where i would never find it!"
sawdust is itchy
work building just shook from an earthquake in quebec  for once i can really blame canada
full beard no beard or goatee? go!
my uncle(and boss) just rode into work on an offroad segway
depression isn't fun
2 5 hours of soccer as goalie is rough on the body
sleepless nights and shattered dreams
and the world trembled in fear as <propfirst> became 21 years old!
"thank you everyone for your birthday wishes  so today i woke up late for work but there in record time, i was given a bday party at work and then taken to the restaurant the claddagh for dinner followed by going salsa dancing where i danced with a random girl named <propfemale> "
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
recommends despicable me to anyone not made of stone
just figured out he has 20000$ in scholarship money this year instead of 15000$
"are you a period, question <propfirst>, on exclamation point?"
really starting to hate living in pittsburgh
trying to learn piano via youtube tutorials while mindlessly drilling away at powerpoint projects
rockband 3 will have a keyboard and harmonies as well as normal instruments laugh 
what would you do if your house was taken over by rabid wombats
debating postin 2-3 random questions a day just to see what crazy responses i can get  yea or nay?
why are people compelled to shake hands?
"if you kill an imaginary person in the dream world, will they show up in dreams later on or are they dead to your imagination?"
"why do some girls refer to guys as \their boo\""?"""
what are toes for?
hooray for second degree burns while making spaghetti
has food again
why do alarm clocks never seem to wake you up when u need them to?
how do you calm the spirit of vengeance?
inception    probably the best movie i've seen in a long time
apologize for no random questions my mind is recuperating from inception
question for everyone: should i get one of those smartpens?
why are there so many different pens
if today was ur last day on earth what would you do?
why is there a correct way to hold a pen pencil!
was late to work today because i hate 6 lucid dreams last night  sometimes i wish my imagination would just be on hold for a little
i know the secrets of the fire swamp!
feels a dream coma coming on and not a pleasant one
apparently threatening clouds changes weather
finally a partial solution to one of the projects i've been working on since day1 at <propfemale>
needs to be back in chicago
my internet wont let me play sc2 online    
only let in 2 goals in 11 on 11 soccer  end score 5-2 my team wins
"wheels within wheels in a spiral array\it's pattern so grand and complex\time after time we lose sight of the way\our causes can't see their effects"
has ended his internship and kinda already misses it
on my way home to chicago
will not be bringing my iphone to class this semester
has a bored
is on top of the world
"quote of the day from philosophy : conquerors= oh boy lots of sex\slaves= sex is evil"
apparently listening to the song nightmare by avenged sevenfold gives you nightmares
"quote of the day: me: <propfirst> could i trouble you for a piece of gum?\<propfirst>: yes! fuck! i get tourettes when i have to share things! shit!"
just saw a squirrel with a snickers bar     win
sweet dodged jury duty for once going to school came in handy
"particle man vs  triangle man, triangle man, triangle man  you can't beat that particle man, particle man, particle man  triangle man beats  particle man, particle man, particle man "
"'twas brillig, and the slithy toves\did gyre and gimble in the wabe annoyed all mimsy were the borogoves,\and the mome raths outgrabe \\beware the jabberwock", my son!\8921baa853721ab48ebf2cfc79e3a116,"quote of the day: <propfirst> after <propfirst> throws away a base and causes the pledge group to not get across skull swamp: \<propfirst>! why did you have to be ballsy?!\"""""
the cruel grip of iit seems tone taking it's toll on myself and all my friends
"misses the days when i had <propfirst> folz as a learning assistant,"
hates my dreams    
why am i cursed by the <propfirst> 3 smile 3 and 12 smile 4
is mostly back to normal
i lied    i thought i was back to normal but now im just more stressed and worried then ever    im really hating life right now    
worst day ever  i sacrifice everything and get burned at the stake   i hate my life   why can't anything ever go right 
is now an officer in phi kappa sigma?
"i never had a <propmale> to prove i wasn't guilty,\i always seemed to get blamed for\every little crime, i didn't even have a name for   \\still running, still defeated in my mind\i never even tried to defend my own pride\wild fire-sonata arctica"
how do you know if your actions are correct?
yay for exams i forget i have   
omgimonfire
so long and thanks for all the fish
done with engineering exams     i feel dead
"meanwhile, down in the town, the happy folk slept restlessly, their dreams invaded by shadowy figures eating away at their souls "
butt scratcher!!!!
people should come entertain me  laugh 
is officially out of peanut butter    this is a serious problem
"reality is boring\entertain me with strange comments"
who am i looking for when i go on facebook   what draws me to return to this <propfemale>
what is this madness!? requirements to eat?
wrapping presents is hard   
"the answer?  yes the answer! to life, the universe, and everything? yes! to life, the universe, and everything!       tricky     "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
finds it amazing how a simple memory can drive strange emotions about the littlest things
life e playful erience of the day: snowblower blades hurt    alot    
"reality is a strange place, how did i get back here?"
rockband with parents is always interesting
nobody move! i dropped me brain    
drink up me hearties yo ho!
on second thought let's not go to camelot for it is a silly place
"increasing aggravation at people posting status' beginning in \obligatory\"" """
rat babies!
hello cricket how are you today
my afternoon class got cancelled
rubber personnel carriers engaged  off to school with me
has the song envy sings in <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world stuck in my head!
i keep clicking new tab in google chrome only to close it again    need     real    internet
has a weird amalgamation of iggy pop's the passenger an the song garbage truck from <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world stuck in my head
the first of 14 hell ish tuesday's is nearing it's end  6 more hours togo
anyone interested in indoor soccer at keating? it would sunday's 6-10 but we probably would only play for like an hour  i need 3-8 more people
pbj sandwiches make everything better
i have internet again!!!!!!!!111
men like you have such an easy soul to steal
purple blue or green?
psych evals in a business class? wtf
note to all people  hawk chocalate made with dark chocolate makes me vibrate 
so im gonna try for iit idol tomorrow at 9 pm at the bog   please come by and watch me make a fool of myself  laugh 
is in the next round of iit idol! how'd that happen ?!
"when you walk with purpose, you collide with <propfemale> "
just saw vagina monologues at iit   must say well done ladies 
my dad ran a marathon today in 4 hours and 30 minutes   this guys is crazy
"rebruised my bruised bone, almost rebroke my finger and did something strange to my hip   god i love playin goalie in soccer"
"such a lonely day, and it's mine "
mmmmmmm pancakes
is liking your own status wrong?
do you want to date my avatar is now on rock band    win?
"i require re hair color\red white and blue\purple\green\ \reasons for your choice   they dont have to be legitimate or make sense   prefer funny ones  laugh "
"wheels within wheels in a spiral array,\a pattern so grand and complex,\time after time we lose sight of the way,\our causes can't see their effects "
dead space 2 is hard
whirr whirr whirr
the dice won't stop rolling in my head
what do i do?
"i'd like to be\under the sea\in an octupus' garden in the shade"
had an elaborate post in mind but just completely forgot it
they have removed the giant temporal shackled from my work desk
"their evil eyes are looking down on you\and those who don't are losing sight of you\face the rage to <propmale> away\the specter of disgrace and shame\\withered roses dying on the ledge\a withered dreamer standing on the edge\you dream of love but you wake up to pain\you're better off to join in my game"
hair cut yea or nay
"let the world know an archi gave me the tools to be more creative, and it worked   i have created a monstrosity"
"haircut yes or no, if so what type gogo"
hello everybody and welcome to march i am celebrating by sitting behind a desk at work wearing a silly tie  don't believe me? come visit at ssv north!
phone is fixed    for now
hello again depression  please go away i don't like you anymore
lungs are saying they dont want to work   
choo choo
"would like to thank the amazing people at north central for putting on the night of one acts and the improv show, and for showing me that thursday nights can be amazing   oh yeah and thanks werbs for making me come to naperville to see it all  laugh "
beat my dad in 2 games and almost a third the end score of the last game was 14-16
cry havoc let loose the dogs of war! i am bandigar the bold and i shall slay you with my cape and pointy stick!
mmmmm homemade pizza
"i need another story\something to get off my chest\my life gets kinda boring\need something that i can confess\\'til all my sleeves are stained red\from all the truth that i've said\come by it honestly i swear\thought you saw me wink, no\i've been on the brink, so"
ugh laundry
what does the color blue mean to you
"one too many poisoned kisses\and i'm drowning in your deepest sea\i found my <propfemale>, something i'm here for\i'm knockin' on my heaven's door"
"\why do they leave all these rocks and shut all over the yard\""\",8921baa853721ab48ebf2cfc79e3a116,wrist why do  you have to not work for me    
i will conquer dead space 2    
click the link so i get free stuff
argh
best pizza ive ever made  laugh 
bored
going too go see the adjustment bureau
adjustment bureau was extraordinarily impressive must say
hair will be changed once again! pictures to follow
hair will be changed once again! pictures to follow
back to the grind
interesting and strange dreams
just purchased my tickets for suckerpunch this thursday night
someone tried to steal my bike again
making sghetti for my dad and i
is about to have an amazing weekend! going to north central to see some amazing improv and <propfemale> out with all the cool people from north central   then going to <propfemale> out with werbs and go to baby wants <propfemale> after !
improv was fantastic!
amazing beginning to a weekend  thanks everyone who put up with me at north central
