eaf0c7efaefeba0c9651047e29e4c0d3
"a new year, and it's friday!!!"
"going to bed, good night all!"
up and moving!
watching old shows
"woke up, nice and rainy today  got to get in the shower some time in the near future! lol!"
"got a new job, full time at at & t"
thinking of what to pack first 
"going to bed, good night everyone!"
"going to work, last week until i pack up and move to milton-freewater "
"home from work, only one more day until i start packing "
"more rain, can't go into work  only one more work day left in <propfirst> "
"good night all, i am going to bed "
still to wet to go into work 
time to start packing 
watching it rain like crazy
happy fathers day to everyone that is one!
"going to bed, good night all!"
finally the sun is out!
full from dinner
"going to bed, good night all!"
"woke up a bit later, nice and <propfemale> outside for the first time in a week "
finally moved in and internet working at my brother's place in milton-freewater 
first day of work
first day of work  went okay!
"second day of work  okay, kind of dumb though "
third day of work  very bored!
"three day weekend, work is closed tomorrow because of the 4th "
happy 4th of july <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"getting ready for week 2, at work"
getting ready for bed  good night all!
home from a good day at work!
off to work   finally friday!
thinking about asking a girl out this coming week 
she(girl that i asked out) said maybe   she might go to salem this weekend  got to wait and see what she is going to do 
pulled my neck yesterday  and now am going to try and stay in a full day at work today  not sure if this will work or not   
"feeling good, got a date this weekend!"
"home from work, feeling a bit   um   weird "
no date for tomorrow(saturday)
going to see a movie today  maybe <propmale> potter 
kind of feeling alone at the moment 
still feels alone   
short day   only 3 more until the weekend 
"to tired, going to bed  good night all!"
tired   
"going to bed in about 10 minutes, good night everyone!"
5th week of work starting on monday! can't wait!
5th week of work  going to hit the phones today for the first time  let's see how i do!
working on the phones is a lot harder then the trainer told me it was going to be 
"second day on the phones, went good! one guy yelled at me, but i just shook it off "
"off to work, finally pay day!"
kind of feeling like i need to be held by a girl   
going to bed soon  got work tomorrow!
home from work(two hours ago) and checking ebay   
"off to work, hope everyone has a good day today! i no i will  smile "
home from work(2 hours ago)   
"going to see g i  <propfirst> on friday, anyone else going to see it?"
home from work and doing good!
off to work in 18 minutes   i hope everyone has a great day!
going to see g i  joes today after work   and it is finally friday!! happy friday everyone 
g i  <propfirst> was really good! the ending was a bit dumb but okay! i give it a 9 out of 10 
three day weekends rock!
weekend is finally here!
going to portland tomorrow after work 
in portland having fun!
two more days of work until the big trip! starting to go crazy over the long wait!
hurting from the 10 hour trip back home   hope everyone got home alright!
back hurting a little! but am just trying to relax 
tired and soure from the race yesterday 
over time on saturday! only two more days until my only day off  smile 
one day off   so much that i should do but am to tired   
wanting to go back and say what i really ment to the person i wanted to be with  damit! why did i mess up so badly!
"wish it was next weekend but oh well, some one has to take those calls "
pay day tomorrow! wohoo!
monday   dang you!!!
"rain rain go away, come back another day   like next year!"
"only two more days of work until the weekend, woho!"
"huge headache today, had to call into work sick  can't talk to people with this, or even have the tv on  so bored, but can't do much  even light hurts  hope everyone is doing better then me right now "
gage is going to be scooby-do for halloween! stop asking!!!!!!
   i can't believe i am still up! hope everyone is doing well 
stomic pain   again! getting angery because can't go to the doctor without my medical card or contact information(called work and left a message with the person that deals with our medical benifits) 
"hurting still   going to see a doctor today, maybe just to into a walk-in clinic "
"still hurting every little bit, but good enough for work  almost fell today, was funny and glad i was not on a call "
"heading to work in about 10 minutes, it's friday but i got to work tomorrow to make up some hours i lost this week "
"feeling better, was a bit sick to my stomic when i went into work today  the only bad thing today is that i had a 3 hour long call, which took up to much time and i only could get 24 calls in  sad  , instead of my normal 45   dang it! there goes my monthly stats that i have been working on  oh well, there is always next month!"
i kind of feel lost   not sure why
having fun on his last day off! hope everyone is doing well!
"seems like at&t is canceling the deal with sykes(the company i work for)  so i might be layed off in the beginning of 2010   we will see if sykes gets another deal with a different company or not  if not, i got to find another job "
tuesday   only 8 hours and 30 minutes from getting home! can't wait! but i got to take calls inbetween   
"another day another 45 calls   lets see what type they are today, hope fully the calls are not dumb ones like yesterday  oh wait, all of the calls are dumb, lol!"
only one more day of work until the weekend! yeah!!! and i get paid tomorrow  smile 
"going to dad and <propfemale>'s for thanksgiving, hope everyone else is going to have a great thanksgiving next week!"
monday once again  everything just goes in a large circle!
"hope everyone had a good thanksgiving! recover well, and have a good weekend!"
weekend almost here  smile  and it is pay day 
it's cold and snowing   must be winter! dang it!
"getting tired but dont want to go to bed, what to do! lol!"
going to see everyone in portland for x-mass! hope your all ready for this! lol!
got paid and ready for the weekend!
"getting ready for portland, x-mass weekend! might just leave thursday night "
"having a okay week, but am waiting for thursday so i can head to portland for the weekend!"
"taking half the day off tomorrow, paid time off, to head to portland when the sun is still up  smile "
"the town, movie that just came out, is the best ever!"
just another monay   two weeks left of work  time to start searching for a new job 
well   trying to enjoy not working  but going crazy that i have to file for unemployment and start looking for yet another job! and the world keeps going round! hope everyone else is doing fine!
"can't sleep, not sure why  maybe because there is nothing hiring around here "
i miss you already conan! *starts to tear up*
waiting to hear back from several jobs that i applied for in portland   and yes i called them 
got to get the hookers for gage's party this weekend  anyone know a good hooer place? lol!
"just chilling, waiting for family to get over here this weekend! and i also can't wait to go job hunting near portland after this weekend "
"checking out jobs, been all over everything  between woodburn to just shy of beaverton "
lots of jobs hiring in clackamas! two day event  and got to go back to a unemployment office to see what they want me to fill out  today is going to be a long day!
wish i could just go away for a day or two and  get away from everyone!!!
nanny is going to get her broken femer bone fixed on wednsdays! get well real soon nanny!!!
nanny is good and recovering now! god bless you  nanny!!! and don't stop being stubern 
filing taxes and waiting to hear back from a few jobs 
"going to see cop out on thursday at 12 surprise 0 at night! then maybe, the crazies movie?!?   not sure though "
cop out was the best!
"had a interview today with ail, i don't think it went to well "
calling places again! and might send in my taxes threw the mail 
i think i might just go crazy!
helped get floors in the kitchen of ub's(uncle <propmale>'s) place  a bit tired and wanted to go to bed really soon 
feeling bad about floors   
just stop!
bowling soon! i hope it will distract me a bit 
three games of bowling and about two hours of basketball  fun day! got distracted like i hoped  now it is back to being pissed 
i love how everyone supports me seeking to join the  national guard  thanks dad for the support and <propmale>!!
i think it is a whatever day!
going to dad's this weekend  going to be fun!
waiting   on some one 
helped mom with finishing the floor laying today  finally!
heading to dad's today  i hope i don't get to bored on the road 
at dad's and watching the wind flow like no other  yard work is out of the question  and <propfemale> had some high hopes 
going to <propmale>'s tomorrow morning 
finally at ub's!
blood sugar goes low more often now  this kind of just started just last week  wtf is going on body??
i keep getting told that i am awkward and creepy   so i guess i will have a yellow rain coat and walk around being creepy and awkward in my future 
"power is out at home, run away!"
"getting to racing season again, time to change my profile picutre  oh wait, i already did  he he!"
"called places today  about 90% of them said they will call me  10% said they where not hiring  target has a now hiring sign, i think i will call the other 2 that are in this area(that i know of) and see if i can get a interview!"
feeling a bit under the weather  hoping my throat does not hurt worse tomorrow 
"going to bug target, they are hiring at all of their stores, been seeing now hiring signs up "
"going to race this weekend in tri-cities, kind of nervis "
"heading to <propmale> and <propfemale>'s tomorrow at 9am, i got some racing to do this weekend!"
interview at oaks park on thursday!
got a summer job at oaks park  going over there  tomorrow for a drug test and maybe see when i start working 
"got work this coming saturday, but will see about working for uw(uncle <propmale>) this week "
"happy birthday to me! 22 today 23 tomorrow, thank you government "
finally got the internet hooked up on my pc! it only took 2 hours and a call to quwest 
first day of work went okay  i got no puke on me  smile 
mom got a cat and i named it jango fett 
"i just wana feel something, is now my favorit song ever!"
time for work 
"three days off, then four days of work "
so  when making friends in oregon city or any where  should i just walk up to random people and ask them to be my friend?
"three more days of work, then 5 days to help ub(uncle <propmale>) out!"
worked for ub(uncle <propmale>) today!
"going to work soon, 5 days off was some what fun  working with ub and <propfirst> was most likely the high of my days off  oh well, got some work and hope fully it will be fun!"
"first day off already almost gone  second day off will most likely go just as fast or even faster! seen nanny before she left and aunt cherl  had fun, and might have <propmale> with his family come to oaks park for a fun day  not sure who else will agree to go but it sure will be fun for whoever does, i bet "
"woke up to early for work, i knew i should of slept in!"
"could not talk to my boss today about any kind of price cuts  was trained on another ride as well, and had some fun!"
"wow! to early for me! have to be at work at 9am  going to have a gay old time, lol!"
i almost got killed by 8 million kids today! just for some rugs for the slide 
i found out i can get five free braclets at work each week  not sure when <propmale> and everyone else is going to come to oaks park  but just let me no 
"got to my second home, and watching cops!"
i covered all of kiddy land today! it was the best!
"scooters where cool yesterday, let's hope i get them again today!"
"first day off went well  just watched like 6 movies and a season of a show  secound day off tomorrow, then work the next day  good to get some sleep without lights on or people watching tv in the same room "
got my full time calender  looks like only one day off a week and over 40 hours a week 
been sick for the last two days(not counting today) and went going to work! not fun but it's money! hope everyone else feels better then me 
"think i might ask out a girl at work, but not sure how to!"
thinking about a girl   
going to be lazy as can be!!!
watching band of brother again and not looking forward to work 
going to get some over time this week! hope i can get last weeks pay check!
i pray and hope you get better ub(uncle <propmale>)! i will come and see you real soon!
"unlce <propmale>, hold on! i am a coming soon! lol!!!"
got to move! not sure where everything will go 
yet another dog   might have to get rid of the cat 
yet another animal(cat)  going to put my cat on <propmale>'s list tonight 
finally almost all unpacked  body is not doing so good towards me right now though 
"they're offended? fuck, shit, asshole, shitfuck; they're just words   fine  shitfuck isn't a word, but you get my point "
(joke) \put\,eaf0c7efaefeba0c9651047e29e4c0d3,so  only another weekend(after this one) of work left  they some unemployment until i can find yet another job! so much fun   
anyone want a really cool cat?!?
"sick for the third day in a row  can't stand sitting up or even looking near any kind of light  head, and nose hurt and i can't eat  just shoot me now and get it over with!"
"4th day of sickness, going crazy within these walls!"
"5th day, coughing and sneezing are now going to kill me, not just the headache anymore!"
"6th day, headache still here but everything else is just about gone  can breath, and no more sneezing  feels great  smile "
"got a interview tomorrow, got to get my cloths washed and ready to go!"
"interview at 3pm, then to pay my car insurence(or how ever it is spelled! dam you spelling corrections drop down <propfemale>, you never give me the correct way to spell things! you always give me to many choices!) today "
anyone know the following two peoples: <propfemale> steinmetz and <propfemale> peterson?
headen to california tomorrow! can't wait to see everyone!
thinking about some one   
"i get caught in a \you were the only one for me\""",\eaf0c7efaefeba0c9651047e29e4c0d3,crazy-ness all around!
"evernyone, will you be willing to honor such a hero, such as cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc)? please honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country  cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx a day after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family   "
"cancelling stargate universe   no!!!!!!!!!!! why syfy channel?!?! why?!!?!!?!!?!!(ps, it is my favorite show)"
"christmas, why do you have to come and go?!? dam you!"
"\introducing the new profile\"" is this a good think to change? is it more crazy with the new profile?"""
your all crazy!
i am starting to hate call of duty black ops
"taurus, i might have to leave you and welcome our neighbor   gemini?"
another dirty job from ub? let us call and see 
dam you!!!
senator <propfirst> lieberman wants to shut usa's internet off if a cyber-security emergency ever happens   i don't think that this should happen! and why is the senate going to vote on something like this?
waiting for w2's to arrive!
got hired for oaks park again 
got to start looking for tires for my truck 
got some training on friday!
almost 5 hours of being re-certified on 7 out of 22 rides  got the rest to do on monday 
9 days of work starts saturday!
homefront gets a 4 out of 10 for campaign and 6 out of 10 for multilayer  call of duty is better!
another 6 more days of work 
"to wet, to cold, and to <propfemale> for oaks park today! why do people still have a kid with a t-shirt on, running around? crazy customers!"
crazy minded today!
go obama go! help people that can't fight back!
tired
\how do you get that lonely, how do you hurt that bad\0f302957c03 laugh 39ed4e6d09ba18acdb4,i am very disappointed about paranormal activity  i thought it would be one of those movies that give you nightmares after watching it  but not!
