8e1e406cd33fc74e308ceb6f1abb89cf
2010 wasn't the best of years  2011 is the year that will change a lot in my life  can't wait smile 
bye bye last years hair  hello 2011! smile 
vote 4 me to be on glee! i need as many <propfemale>s as i can get so keep clicking that <propfemale> button  http annoyed  lnk ms 8jsxj  (not my best singing since i've been sick but help me show them how good i really am!)
vote 4 me to be on glee! i need as many <propfemale>s as i can get so keep clicking that <propfemale> button  http annoyed  lnk ms 8jsxj (not my best singing since i've been sick but help me show them how good i really am!)
last day to vote! http annoyed  www myspace com gleeauditions?link=16968641 please please vote 4 me! need as much as i can get  thanks! smile 
do i look like i would go to csu long beach or csu fullerton?
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and those who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? ? april is cancer month"
"badnight glee didnt record all the way, i ko on my book, then my dog peed everywhere, then couldnt open my charger pluggin so it slipped & dropped on my face  "
now i'm feeling sick! goshh how much better can this week get annoyed 
thanks to every1 who came to my surprise bday party smile  thanks <propmale> deperalta (<propmale> boyrdee) for the after party! <propfemale> crazy fun  much mahalo love 
happy mothers day to all of you moms out there! and for you soon to be mothers 
didn't go to school today so i can catch up on all the stuff i'm lagging on  startingggg now!
i don't think i'm gonna stay up till midnight  people always call and theres hella calls and texts waiting   i still like to feel that love though lol  goodnight errybody 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!
i just ate hella food and now i'm going to try and try on dresses for aprils party tonight  none of them are gonna fit if i just ate!
slept at 230 got up at 645 and got ready to head out to stockton  now on our way to the chili festival in elk grove  how am i up right now 
man on our way to pacific rim festival in old sac 
freedom! no more studying for 2 1 2 months  thank god for summer smile 
testing jello shots out for <propfirst>'s graduation party saturda playful 
school's out for the summer!
why does the asian store always have that nasty ass smell? blehh! i'm too white to understand lol 
me and <propfemale> are hella laughing cause we just saw this lady standing like superwoman but behind her this guy was touching her ass with a towel! lmao 
can we just go back to the past when there were no worries  
<propfirst> hella posted my room on fb! haha i like how my grandmas pink blanket is still on my bed  hella cute right? lmao!
"it's weird how many varieties of friends you end up with in life  i just added a cheerleader, a manteca hip-hop dancer, and a friday night stockton head  you gotta love life lol "
embracing my italian side and had lunch at strings  about to watch shrek with moe and <propfemale>  last chapter sad 
i need a place where i can just study and not be bothered  goodness gracious!
sat's done  <propfemale>'s weird  and bitch got sass 
off to the filipino festival (pnd) then sj fete practice for the first time  only 4 more weeks!
woke up in the morning feelin like p diddy  jk lol  made myself a bomb ass bacon egg and cheese sandwich on toasted bread  yum 
i need to stop watching say yes to the dress  it's making me cry haha 
"cinnamon toasters, coco roos, marshmellow mateys, frosted mini spooners   never realized how funny the ghetto cereal names are haha!"
long day  costumes & practice again tomorrow  i will be in stockton & elk grove sac all weekend  so hit me up if you're in either spot lol  night smile 
ahhhh wednesday needs to hurry up and come already! all these practices are killin me  tahitian throughout the weekends and cheer throughout the week  i'm <propfemale> dead right now  playful 
"late night by me,myself,& i, eating a cake batter ice cream sundae, watching friends smile "
my mom just called me fat  she said after 4 days of not seeing me i look like i go fatter   that makes me feel so good about myself 
hanging out at the nunez house  jojo is lame and <propmale> is effing awsome!
packing for the next 2 days in elk grove and then the next 5 days for sj fete  can't wait!
"san <propfirst> double tree hotel for tahiti fete bound  you know it's fete time when you see the braids, hip heis, and overstuffed garment bags and bins  cheehooo!"
taking home 3rd in music and 3rd in otea!! woooowwwww  we pulled through!
eclipse! nuff said 
just realized i only have 4 weeks left to my summer sad  let's make the best of it 
"cousin other people who were invited kickit  bbq, island music,drinks,swimming= a good night with the cuzzos  shootz den!"
downtown bakery for breakfast  while visiting my sister and babysitting  kinda miss working here and eating the food lol 
texas roadhouse w  the fam  fastest service i have ever seen  in the past 30 minutes we got served and boxed everything  damn!
now for the mani pedi w  mama's  i did a lot of things today 
big brah <propfirst> got the vid of us jammin for hella days last night  check it if you're bored! lol
woke up at 530 to drop <propfirst> off in sunnyvale for his 1st day w  big brah <propfirst>  4 hrs to kill here  why is there mickydees like a starbucks?
day 2 w  big brah <propfirst>  this time with 5 hrs to kill  great mall and touring sj all day? sounds good! adventure timee 
<propmale> mars doppleganger goes to my brothers school and he threw up shaka to my brother  so in love haha 
day 3 with an addition! ejay decided to come with me and <propfirst> and we are having a day at d&b's  fun fun 
day 3 w  an addition! ejay decided to come with me and <propfirst> and we are having a day at d&b's  fun fun 
"i named the hot guy <propmale>  he got me a refill &my mom said\oh your name is <propfirst>! she named you josh\"" he smiled at me nd i blushed embarasing """
"i guess i just can't get enough of the bay this week  headed to sunnyvale today w  sissylala, mama, and chubs & apparently i look like a white girl today according to <propfirst> "
cooling this hot day down with some green apple smirnoff with some lihingmui in it  yum  dinner at cousin <propfemale>'s casa!
"cousin april kidnapped me and now we are all on our way to lake camanche  gonna get a tan, hopefully  \cheehoo!"
"another day in sunnyvale  then lunch w  mama, go pick up school packet thingy, and cheer practice   going to be so tired for cheer  playful "
i must love my brother  i stayed up to help him w  his hw & i have to wake up at 6 annoyed  i should just go to college for him hah 
<propmale> mars doppelganger double taking moi?! whhhaatttt! dreams coming true hah too bad it's not the real guy 
i feel like i just post about being in sunnyvale   cause i do lol  i like how i've only been getting notifications from liking other peoples shit-_ -no love 
"since some of you are  busy & have no time to talk, maybe this will spark a conversation  i'll make it simple  \like\"" this & i'll tell you why i like you  i guess lol """
time for a change   what should it be  
i took 3rd place at manahere tahiti fete today! woowoot lol  congrats to everyone else who competed!
"7 hrs @ manteca kaiser was no bueno(even tho 1 of my dads nurses names was bich lmao!) ending the day with ddd & hot tub time machine, pretty good smile  gnight morning "
"senior year,here we go   1 english-musich 2 madrigals-renner 3 piano-costa 4 journaism-thallander 5 ta lagasca 6 govt econ-hermann   1st lunch smile "
nonstop conversations with <propfemale> c  <propfemale> squared night 
wedding day! not me  doing makeup w  my sister today  later doing makeup for hs reunion  happy hour at pfchangs maybe? then beelee's bday bbq  longg day ahead!
these <propmale> white people get down for weddings! gave me a mimosa and i think it's alll champagne! lmao 
annoyed 
road trip! to sac we go w  <propfirst> boots  it's about to get crazy  laugh !
night time run  time to get back abs smile 
dying my hair lighter  almost like a miley <propmale> light brown  kinda nervous   yeah?
"east ridge mall in sj w  big braddah <propfirst>, washington cuzzo <propfirst>, & mr  sleepy cuzzo <propfirst> "
"attention all poker hors  poker tournament fundraiser!$40 buy in,this friday in tracy,for good cause! odds are in your favor,let me know for details"
and yes i spelled whores wrong haha 
mongolian bbq with braddah <propfirst>  yummm smile 
about to be sac bound for the rest of the weekend 
have a good first day at school sac city college people!  smile 
haven't been to four corners in hellaaa days  suprised it's still here lol 
lau lau for dinner    yummm   my last couple posts have been about food  this diet annoys me sometimes 
i won an e playful ensive toothbrush! woohoo yayy me smile 
my photographer made me feel so good  i think it might be a good day smile 
sac bound since yesterday  keepin it 100  smile 
back to reality 
happy first day of school sac state people! especially april booboo laugh 
"although i could be watching the recorded usc & hawaii football game, i'm trying to support  varsity football ¡ <propfirst>  anything after?"
good job <propfirst> varsity football team  lovin football season being back smile 
farmers market & breakfast ¡ downtown bakery to start off my labor day weekend smile 
"movie night with myrna,april, and <propfirst>  smile "
"thanks for putting your two cents in, but i wasn't running low on change smile "
"bbq, stuffed mushrooms,and some college football to end labor day weekend smile "
irked  i hate it when things don't go according to plan 
sac bound! socal plans got killed so gonna be out here for the next 2 days  hit me up!
at sac state  woo for tourguide <propmale> haha he's making it fun smile 
now at the well  nicest part here lol 
"still in sac, at the apartment  april and <propfirst> need to hurry up at school! going to get ready for the day "
"bye bye sac, see you soon(maybe)!"
cousin other people who came night  woooooooooo!
survived today  chilled w  @avee naicker  flower party  now my face is burning & my body is shivering  hate this feeling x(
sac bound again  not w  my cousins sad  hope this luau we're selling at goes well  put on some lashes for luck! ahaa smile 
soberity check on 11th street in <propfirst>  hella cops  be careful  and if i just saved your life then you owe me!
rest in peace to the young lives that were lost last night  
catching up on hw while everyone else is out and about  yay meee 
frustrated and sick  they don't mix well at all 
busy people should get their own shot so they are immune to getting sick 
nightime multisymptom cough flu syrup is the most disgusting thing ever  just going to suck it up and take it like a shot  but water is my only chaser x(
and omgoodness gracious alloacious it tastes like jagger with only 10% of alcohol  blehh!
productive day: caught up on school work from the past 2 weeks that i was gone for  waking up early for a make up test though  fun 
sitting up in bed doing hw and falling asleep at the same time  eyelids keep getting heavier and heavier   
<propfirst> vs west game!
faithful to my team and they pulled through for me  <propfirst> high defeated west again this year smile  2011!
"sunnyvale this early in the morning  road trip! w  april,mary,&ryan "
good luck at the baseball tournament in vegas gorillapinos! go big breh <propfirst>!
going out  why is it when i pull out my gun people always ask me why? hahah 
another week  a little more crazy since it's homecoming week  just glad i don't have a car for the egg wars nazis smile 
from famous all stars to famous daves  should be home doing hw but happy birthday cuzzo <propfirst>!
rally was bomb com! afterwards was real chill  coming home to sleep is amazing  
seniors! who's ready to whoop on some baby juniors tonigh?!
seniors! powderpuff was awsome  knocked some girls out! 30-12  boohoo juniors smile 
thank you to <propfirst> & <propfirst> for coming out and making shirts! love you guys <propfemale> much  thanks kuuipo! smile 
"last day of homecoming! decorate the car,jump in the car for parade,maybe dennys,& go to the game  good day smile "
parade time! look out for the api jeep  <propfemale>!
"took the kids to the park, babysat at the garage sale,going to the <propmale> carnival, then what should i do?"
about to cry being at my old middle school  makes me not want to move away from <propfirst> after graduation sad 
maybe i'll just stay in and not do anything tonight   can't believe i'm actually acceptiing that as an option 
so not staying in tonight! adventure time with <propfirst> & boba smile 
cheer is done for the day  now just gotta do that long ass book report for english & the budget project and reader for econ  can't even take a quick nap sad 
random times like these is when i need a guy to talk to  sigh 
college apps all day today until cheer practice  can't wait to teach the last 4 8 counts and be done!
college apps in & hw done  haven't worked this hard on school since last year  time to sleep and actually go to school tmrw   fun 
"dear journalism class, i'm so sad you'r ending! haha i hate people that tlk about something that is not a real thing "
"taking some time for myself and finish up some work  laundry, hw, scholarships, & put my priorities back in check "
i like it on the desk and my bed  never really the floor lol 
hate how such a relaxing day can be ruined by hearing yelling and door slams   
falling asleep on lagascas couch  realized i signed up for the sats for tmrw  thinking about not going since i already took it 
lovin my decision to not take it  now just waiting for <propfirst> <propfemale> tacotaco to wake up! it's going to be another crazy random day today  let's see what happens   
"just like old times! <propfirst>'s garage with <propfirst>beth,jeramiah, and <propfirst> smile "
"\i'm <propfemale>'s bitch!   yeah\"" hahah """
this is the longest 2 minutes of my life  hurry up and tell me already  so anxious
cheer today  can't wait to finally practice the whole routine and see our our new floorr smile 
"relaxing yet busy day  beteedub, the new music building looks hottt and can't wait to start using the recording room and side rooms! happy bday mama smile  cheer  dinner  cheer lol "
"famous after dark tonight  lovin the late night convos w  <propfirst> & campos  they just get crazier and crazier  thanks to campos,evan,blair, & shaun smile  couldn't have done it without you!"
 smile 
never thought i would be on my way to cheer practice while slapping backstreet boys with <propfirst> & <propfirst>!
waking up to bruises on my arm just means we did a good job at our cheer comp yesterday haha  it's a cheer thing smile 
"overcame obstacles for my giants today & made it to the front of that parade ceremony smile  bye bandwagoners, see you when we take it again next year!"
"but that the dread of something after death--the undiscovered country,from whose bourn no traveler returns--puzzles the will "
i hope god gave me the right mindsent to make the decisions i've made  gotta go through hell to get to heaven  missing something is apart of what makes it such a great memory  all of which apply 
stoneridge w  mama  cheer  ___  empty space to be filled  smile 
surprise <propfemale>!
what's on my mind? definitely cheer 
you know there is something wrong with your phone when it pretends to charge without the charger in it  messing w  my emotions lol 
<propmale> out with people from the old asian crew  i used to chill with! such a random day lol  love you teds!
woww that's a big bow 
"my mom said \that's my new word  i'm cold breh!\"" lmao """
sleepless 
it's okay if you feel stupid by asking something stupid bc if you feel stupid you are making that other person feel smart & that's a good deed smile  -me lol 
thanks for the caramel brulee latte from starbucks!
happy last few minutes of thanksgiving smile  be safe at black friday 
m a n  out together for the first time in helllaaa days!
"\chubbers hella has friends?!?!\""- <propfirst> boots"""
"greatt, my roomate snores  loud! not looking forward to going to school  then again when am i ever? hah "
i've never had to switch rooms because the person next to me snores so loud   till just now 
"cheer! feels like it's been forever, when it's only been 4 days lol "
just happy for some reason smile 
got to go to patterson smile  w  <propfemale> & came home to my acceptance letter for an audition to be apart of usa cheer staff! happy bday sissylala!
-adrian laugh rake and rhianna together?-mom:who are they?-myrn:you knoww drake from down the street-me:rhianna idk she's standing somewhere under her umberella 
cosmic bowling for sissys bday=fun! glad all you peoples came out tonight smile  goodmorning!
"\you can't be a cock block if you're not giving cock!\"" -<propfemale>  haha """
2nd runner up for worst day of being sick iss today! can't even get out of bed sad  pray i get better before my concert tonight  
what is the best cure for a singers sore throat that works instantly?
never again will i do an interview in the sweaty boys sub gym while wrestlers are more than half naked taking pictures  the things you do as a journalist  
hella in the corner   just for ric ric laugh  bye bye <propfirst>!
"day 1 ¡ gssa cheer comp  lights, camera, action, famous! smile "
"day 2 at gssa cheer competition in sac  let's work it on those purple mats today girls guys  lights,camera,action, famous!"
cheer only gets better and better at competitions! congrats to all the cheer teams that competed at gssa! proud of my famous fam  ready to combine smile 
mc <propfemale> for smokey blues smile oh yeah and my homie danville will be accompanying me!
xmas music while cousin <propfemale> does her holiday baking and i do my taste tests smile  let's text random people in my phone lol 
gerards deli for journalism smile 
cheer xmas party! smile 
usa tryout! smile  roadtrip to sj with tyty 
now i can breathe   usa tryouts: check! let's get this winter break started!
met the fam and friends tonight  who knew little ol' patterson could be so chill smile 
going through all my old tagged pics makes me sad that i stopped doing a bunch of things that i loved  sad-cheeks for now sad 
xmas shopping with mama smile 
random ass night with <propfemale> staying over doing and we're doing all kinds of crazy tonight! piss!
"cooked dinner,wrapped alll xmas presents,cleaned alll of the downstairs by myself before everyone from hawaii comes today   shootz den cuzz"
finishing all xmas shopping today! me & my mom saw cute ideas for grad party centerpieces  getting so close to graduation!
finally christmas eve smile  sad that we're getting closer to the point where listening to xmas music after xmas is just awkward 
midnight mass at st  bernards  so not the business  first year i actually dressed up for it 
mele kalikimaka ohana & friends! smile  can't wait to be surrounded by the best family ever later on today
"nerf guns for all the cousins,lots of food,and after party with just us cousins  nerf gun wars begin smile  <propfemale> christmas!"
i'll <propfemale> the times that i'll spend witht the fam and homies before i go to college smile  so gone! hahah 
i love my new pink snuggie  lets me text hella people and watch easy a at the same time!
ready to go to sleep now! lol took long enough
dreamt 20 big strong tahitian guys joined our half year cheer team   idk what my dream is trying to tell me lol 
<propmale> ledger is so hot in 10 things i hate about you 
goodbye relaxing winter break  fafsa laugh one  hello school tmrw  and goodnight everybody smile  can't even sleep though playful 
it's a shore thing!
whooped <propfirst>'s assss in wii!
my cousin <propfirst> is the bestest in the westest!!!!!!!!
had a great day at the park  had a horrible night after   
so likee tmrws sr  ditch day??   ttly forgot don't care   
kings cup with the cousins! smile  ryans gay!
night! smile  good cousin night of drinking games and laughs  love mi familia smile  escuela tmrw? aha!
good night out with a lot of old friends smile 
"there's some freaky stuff happening in my life right now    besides that, i liked spending time with more people i don't normally see smile "
"done with early morning cheer practice  note to everyone: don't silly string me,ever   looking forward mamaa's dinner tonight at applebees smile "
great night out with the girls! smile  mamasss! now smashin in the mini with <propfemale> haha
"cheer,errands,my nieces bday party,and now helping watch five 9-10 yr olds at the slumber party  good times smile  but i'm tired and sick sad "
girls day! with my sister and my niece and her best friend  should be fun smile 
smokey blues night 1of 6 done  now lets do work on the other 5 smile  and not spill soda    spencer  lol smile 
<propfemale> much time before another smokey blues night   what should i do with my day?
hella jojoing it! happy he got a break from the airforce to visit smile  time to ko  if me and kuyads make it home and stop drifting from all the rain d:
"sometimes when you care about someone,you have to put them before yourself  if you love that person,let them go  if they come back it's meant to be  if they don't,it never was  "
"fun night at smokey blues smile  thank you all of my friends and family for coming out,i really appreciate it! cheer comp tmrw then another night show of sb  let's do this  "
uca cheer comp in sac!
famous bonding vegas nationals pre- party! smile 
"every morning i spend 2 minutes laying here,5 minutes texting everyone back, and 10 minutes on fb  not okay "
cheer  spent the night relaxing w  the bestfriend  good monday smile  leave for vegas in 3 days  time to countdown!
going home early to pack  vegass here i come!
hello vegas! stopped at the primm outlets already  next stop new orleans hotel  excited to finally be here laugh  letss do work this weekend famous!
eating at hard rock cafe and walking the strip! lovin lifee! smile 
let's go famous!! time to do work in vegas!
"day 2 jamz nationals! good job juniors, time for s2 to do work yet again! let's leave vegas with a bang!"
bye vegas! it was fun while it lasted smile  going going back back to cali cali 
"doc says stay off my leg for 2 weeks, not use my arm for 2 weeks, and put it in a sling  is she crazy? there's a cheer comp in 2 weeks!"
me kiss walk into verizon w  arm sling* verizonguy: i already know how you broke your arm  me: how? guy: you were texting and ran into something! lmao!
"no more doc appts,going to school tmrw  but when i replaced my phone lost #'s when i replaced my phone  text me!"
jojoing it! never say never goodbye to jojo!  smile )
first saturday school-check! work at mock fete-in progress  jojo's going away party part 2-that's what's up for tonight!
patterson bound with campos and <propfirst>  gonna get my full  sikeee!
cheer comp @ uop smile  crop tops and rain don't go together  let's go famous!
"ready for my chocolate less, sober, and soda free lent sad  not even hella religous lol but bring it on lent!"
cheer comp in sac today smile  do workk!
have you ever felt so happy you just had to post about it?  couldn't be happier after spending the day with my shaun smile 
today has been so crappy  just want to eat hella pb&j sandwiches and drink a taro snow boba  this day needs to end already!
my first choice    accepted to csu fullerton! smile )
found my prom dress! in frisco with my date nd my mom smile 
now i have a situation   accepted to cal poly pomona! smile  what do i choose now?   
"damn i love this guy! had another great day with my babe,found my prom dress,got another acceptance letter   lovin life smile "
up too early for a saturday  omw to stockton for hoike  come watch na hoku work ittt  see ya'll at the show smile 
na hoku hoike went great! being reunited and getting to sing was <propfemale> much fun! good job everybody!  smile 
donated blood today and feel good about it smile  still lovin life
"phone isn't working sad  so noo, i'm not ignoring whoever is texting me lol "
"ughh won't be able to get a replacement phone til tmrw  seriously, i might go nuts  why do you think i didn't give up my phone for lent??"
these past 2 days i have not been a happy camper   hopefully cheer helps instead of pisses me off today annoyed 
competed at kiki <propfemale> merced tahiti fete anddd  i made it to finals! smile  now i actually have to make a solo routine lol
took 2nd place in 16-18 advanced vahine  smile  even with me being out of dance for so long and only having a week to train!
proud of myself and everyone else who worked it this weekend at fete  even more glad to be back in tahitian with the people i love smile  back to <propfirst>   
phone is in! 57 texts from ot having it for a couple days lol  feelin loved smile 
beautiful day  love wearing shorts again! school needs to be over so i can enjoy my day with <propmale> babe lol 
i have to really love you to wake up at 530 to get ready & go watch you  babes track meet smile 
my amazing man took 1st in hurdles at his track meet! he's amazing  i'm blessed to have him in my life smile  time to ktfo   
"all little gals frm famous,you rocked the stage smile  this month sad ollege visit (choose one!),senior breakfast, prom,spring break  may is crazier  see you in june playful "
