a20754868da870dd9641055b2a80233c
awww theirs school tomarow   and i have gym
why did the chicken cross the road?
i like pie?
i mentor trips suck!!!!!! x-(
? i got a 89 on my u s regents exam yay!!!?
the sun    it  burns?!!!!!!!?
the five train sucks! dx ?
"i like this quote: \she lived her life like a train wrecking in slow motion \"""""
just found out the 25 ep of durarara with izaya's twin sisters (orihara kururi & orihara mairu) won't air until february of next year  crying   whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
hot hot hot its 104 degrees and they made me go to my internship job  crying 
quote of the day(from fanfiction): \so when you think everything has finally gone back to normal some \,a2075486 laugh a870dd9641055b2a80233c,"currently cheating death at the moment…and he’s winning\ dx"
twilight eclips with <propfirst>  yesterday  can someone tell me why there always has to be 1  blond  that screams like a banche  when the movie hasn't even come on yet? seriously the ringing hasn't left my ears yet 
"my mom got me juniors cheese cake for my b- day    there was only one problem the bottom had yellow cake, and if you didn't know yellow cake makes me sick   i think you know where this is going dx  other then that i have to go to my <propfemale>'s house to get my presents  laugh !"
change is inevitable except from a vending machine  laugh 
chicken     joyful 
cookie ^-^
<propfemale> (alrois from  kuroshitsuji)  lives! i just saw the ep 8 raw he lives!
gayest game i ever played: hotel dusk room 215  i endd up playing this game for 26 hours before i passed out and now i just woke up  ya the game is hat gay 
by gay i mean the way the character <propfirst> hide talks and acts as well as the other male characters  i still haven't finshed it and if i don't do it tonight i'm gona slap the person who bought this game for me 
"i finaly did it 48 hours straight and i finaly finshed hotel dusk room 215 on my dsi  yes, yes yes! so haopy and the ending was worth the lack of sleep! gayest ending ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  no i can seep well tonight!  smile  that is untill i buy a new game  surprise "
reading fanfiction on my dsi itsgreate! its better than on the computer and the words are bigger too!  laugh 
"how is it that watching gundam 00\ leads me to dream about beyblade?  weird   "
"fruit loops are like gay cheerios \\ laugh "
"i saw the movie vampires suck with \        <propfemale> taig  it was funny  we went to the concirs mall and now my feet hurt, but i got the game 'again: a interactive crime novle' for my dsi xl    laugh "
"there is no walk through    i have to play the game \'again: a interactive crime novle' using my brain    its professor layton all over again! dx   my poor hamter of a brain   "
"after\writing my fanfiction story i got depress after reading the reviews\from some of my old ones  crying   its not my fault i don't know how to edit\the stupid story to fix the grammar mistakes x("
"happy, happy, joy, joy!"
omg school starts tomorrow at 8 surprise 0! whyyyyyyyyyyyyy  crying 
chicken     is good
chicken   
i made video on youtube and it took me 2 days  laugh 
youtube has tainted my childhood    0___o
if there is chicken   you will find me  laugh 
ha!  i'm typing this from my mp3 *-*
i just saw <propfemale> no kusabi       why does every yaoi i watch some one dies! x(
i ordered books    on barnes & noble   manga   now i must wait   nooooooooo! x0
i'm heading to albany for thanksgiving to meat my hispanic relatives     pray for me  crying 
i'm final back yay  i came home last night but i was asleep  internet i missed you!!!!!!
   omg its not over!?http annoyed  www watchanimeon com kuroshitsuji-ii-episode-13 
i'm snowed in my apartment building and haven't gotten any mail in my mail box for two days annoyed   at least i still have the internet and food  laugh  smile 
i took the <propfemale> regents today and got to leave school at 12:15am! (*-- wink take that school system!
awww schools open   they closed a day cair but not bal     darn you bloomberg! sad * sad * crying 
if your not going to school to day (bal students) then email your teachers and imentors so we can try to win that prize!
i'm eating  marshmallow cream because my life is too complicated  i'm oficaly welmed 
algebra regents    so    draining   need young justice on dvr     
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile *
ha ha ha ha its 3 and my nephew still won't go to bed  god help me!
someone out bid me on ebay for a bundle of doujinshi i wanted crying    this means war!!!!!dx
i stood at the train station for 2 hours for the 2 train to get to school   long story short i ended up not going to school   and my legs hurt  crying 
"why is it that when young justice came out every one was like 'aww we what teen titans!', but as soon as a fake twiter chat for young justice comes out theirs fan <propmale> every where!: smile (*"
oh and i'm playing pokemon black so   yea     ha love * smile *
why is it when my nephew comes to visit i'm the only one awake o watch him? no es justo!
just finished silent hill homecoming    its like ju- on!!!!!!!  crying       going to game stop to get a refund       i am sad now 
