ea1cfaf84b0d80227080eed89594495c
i went to the sickest concert ever!!!
"   to the leader, the pariah, the <propfirst>, the messiah: this is war!"
saw avatar  again   in 3d  again   and it was awesome   again
omg new years ftw omglolbbqlmfao
"vegas, baby!! woooooo!!!!!"
"orange juice + vanilla protein powder = terrible, terrible idea"
"'monstrum en fronte, monstrum en amino'"
why are end of year papers harder than finals  this should not be so
"pandora is a lot of my favorite things   two of my favorite planets, my favorite radio station, my favorite box     love "
did some spring cleaning in my itunes library   yay for a spare three gigs!
update on <propmale>'s quest to find a suitable beverage to mix vanilla protein powder with- coca cola: not so good
i feel like walking through silent hill tonight   i haven't stopped by there in a long time
car with no gas + wallet with no cash + parents gone = lazy sunday  delightful!
shopping for a uke   yay me
<propmale> of persia- definite win
"question: could today get any more awesome? \answer: of course not"
best  day  ever 
what's better than a package arrive for me today? it being a whole week early  laugh 
ssbbftw
hmm   buzzed head for me: yea or nay?
yawn
i <4 chipotle
shinedown released a new single!!!! finally!!!!11!!  it's like christmas!!  laugh 
finally got os4 to work   woohoo
thrice concert was kick-ass  woo!
my phone is capable of undoing water damage   i approve
i found my flip flops!!!! life has meaning again
why is bleach so awesome?
"i just learned we have a chocolate mint plant in the backyard  yes, you read correctly  no, you can't have any"
saw people get cited at the beach for having alcohol  sucks to be them
would you kindly
palm desert photo montage barrage begins   now
all your puzzle are belong to me
hey bob   wanna    go to    church   ?
back to civilization  in <propfemale>
it's good to be home
"somehow, syncing 2 more gigs of music to my phone takes up no space   my phone has a bottomless stomach i guess"
"you know, i was just suspicious before, but now i'm convinced  i'm addicted to sriracha"
i love <propfemale> donofrio more than anything in this world 
"i have just discovered i don't start class until noon on monday, wednesday and friday   the quality of my life has improved significantly"
no more bleach before bed  it gives me crazy dreams
i love <propfemale> donofrio on such an extreme level that it may be hazardous to my health
henshin-a-go-go
why is l such a bamf?
so i hear to be a man you need to be as swift as a coursing river   
into what alternate dimension do i seem to have fallen?
"what's that you say? school tomorrow?\*heel click in front of an e playful losion*"
"in case anyone is wondering, red bull makes an excellent replacement for both food and sleep  i will now go dance on the <propfemale> to a swedish accordion band"
hello weekend my old friend
"i've been having a lot of weird thoughts lately \\like   is any of this for real   or not?"
if i can finish my english homework there will be cake
cancelled politics class > christmas
ew   itunes 10   
"chapman got number three on \we love oc's\"" best colleges list  woo!"""
i have dota stuck in my head   so strange   
dirpy is my new favorite thing
oh and myxer is pretty cool too
hey! it's sunday! what a strange coincidence!
"ev oui ghuf fryd myhkiyka drec ec, cyo cusadrehk eh <propmale> pylg"
caffeine induced hyper productive work mode go
ever had one of those days when everything just seems to go right?  this definitely isn't one of those
today i learned that cap'n crunch's first name is horatio  the magic is gone
spare tire on rear wheel + rear wheel drive car + slick roads and rain = almost certain death
"vuze, you are my favorite friend"
i totally just grabbed a <propfemale> moth out of the air while making orange chicken  i'm like a ninja
"boys and girls of every age, would you like to see something strange?"
caffeine induced hyper productive work mode round 2 go
"a on my midterm, no homework this weekend, it'll be halloween soon   need i say more?"
does anyone else think the new dashboard is a total crap sandwich?
the <propmale> show is fantastic
"remember, remember, the fifth of november   "
a big thanks to everyone and their birthday wishes! i love you all
"my fists, they are made of steel"
best birthday present ever: bruises and pain
it's the final countdown
"i just learned it takes about 5,000mg (about 40 strong cups of coffee) within a short time frame to fatally o d  on caffeine   good times"
falcon
i can has one more week of break plz?
yakov smirnoff ftw
woooooo for all nighters
"on friday nights in soviet russia, the party finds you"
"i think calling the new profile an \upgrade\"" is being very generous   verrrrrrrrry generous"""
"i wanna go see black swan   damn you, last week of school!"
this is not a good time for my microsoft office trial to e playful ire   
i am the greatest computer hacker alive   microsoft office trial can suck it
"tonight was truly, truly a wonderful night"
let the games begin
gratuitous amounts of caffeine and a panic attack do not mix
"whoever ordered me a katana, wakizashi, and tant?: thanks, i think  but you should stop being mysterious"
ain't no party like a <propfirst> party party!
tron was such a win
it was a dark and <propfemale> night   
17% of my life force was stolen by the red cross  <propfemale> christmas!
nothing says christmas like a sushi dinner!
"'twas the night before the night before christmas and all through the homestead, not a creature was stirring, because they were all dead"
apparently today is a holiday or something
"a balisong! thanks, <propfemale>!"
"evike, thou <propmale> mine friend"
i won't sleep in my bed again 'til next year   woahhh
"i hope colorado girls are as fun, fresh, fierce, undeniable, and unforgettable as the california ones"
wizard needs food badly
"'twas the drunk before new house, and all through the year, every stirring was creature cuz they were all night"
"hello laguna, my old friend"
watching the two towers in my class on global ethics  interterm ftw
i almost forgot how awesome death note was  almost
sushi ftw!
you know what really makes me sick these days? food poisoning
