1652aded6cc30c5687f32f598ec3a266
wow playing beer pong wit my pops cant believe hes letting me : d
"confused about this facebook thing \ """
so far still think myspace is better
ahh flu shot  annoyed 
ok wats a poke nd wat is the purpose of em
shit got to do hokes hw  sad 
my nips r hard  playful 
#69 that rihanna song makes me hungrh  smile 
my momma found my ipod  laugh  i knew i loved her
fancisco aguayo i no im ugly but wat r you
retreat was pretty koo feels good to finally hav my phone back smile 
waitin for the light at the end of the tunnel  annoyed 
"nothing makes ur day,like a fresh cut  playful "
off brand cocoa puffs r the best study food  laugh 
ahh stuck on 8 for econ study guide
chillin need something to keep me busy ; 
"4th days over for me, my boy <propfirst> got e playful elled lifes a fukn bitch my last friends gone  sad "
always find random things <propfemale> i clean my room   just found a flute from like the third grade lol
couldn't sleep heartbreak is a motherfucker   
my moms the best she brought me comfort food  smile 
just ate a 2 nd a half pound burger  smile  nd then i have to go eat dinner in a couple hours with <propfemale>  sad 
fighter is a dope ass movie smile 
gaither just stepped on white vans  sad  hella day kill
first class with ms  tozlian tomorrow  laugh 
whose going to the game???
feels like txting everybody  laugh 
hmm always get attached to the wrong people  sad 
left my charger out my moms so and my phones been dead all day  sad  going through txting withdrawls!!
do we have school tomorrow?
is tomorrow odd or even?
whose going to the v basketball game?
do we have school tomorrow??
thanx mtv for showing such depressing videos  can tell todays gonna b great  annoyed 
ahh this hamlet paper is bullshit  sad 
todays one of those days wer u just get under the covers and watch movies til the storm clears  playful 
does anybody know <propfemale> ghosophs book reports due??
new phone nd no contacts  playful  need some <propfirst>
what are hidden friend requests???
damm dissed ha
man me and my cuz bored as hell   whats everybody doing tonight??
i get girls soaked cuz im a wetback aha - <propfirst> castro
guess u think your above me but ive gotten better  wink 
apparently my face goes from chink to scream mask all in one sentence of a story lol  playful 
visiting sonoma state and i definitely dont fit in here ha everyones white!!!
going to big hat day with the fam   anybody going??
whose painting the school tomorrow??
ahh mom made me take senior pics  in tower ha hella embarassing  people were staring hard aha
today was great  laugh  actually felt like a senior today *blah
strawberries nd orange juice  smile  yum!!
my little sister gets an answer key with her hw and she doesnt copy    annoyed  what a retard lol
don't know what to research for ghosophs project sad   sad 
miss my little color spot    fuck dress code  sad 
thankful that <propfemale> gonzalez is taking me to school but does the hoe have to take forever to pick me up  sad 
fuck regret waiting to the last minute for ghosophs project   because now im sick and can't even read cuz my heads throbbing    sad  fml
i want to invent a weed condom lol  smile 
whats a good place to go for a ditch day?
so much is happening all at one time  annoyed \ i can't take it
aha man i look tore up in all my prom pics im either too cheesy or i like pissed off and i look like a chink lol all bad  playful 
"prettty koo day went to the mall with <propfemale> and seen my boi lokz ha ,hella missed that foo nd chilled with the cuzin for the rest of the day  smile "
dayuum crushing hard   wink 
ahhh tired x) learned how to play horseshoes  smile  so today wasnt a waste aha
dayuum horoscopes onpoint  smile 
what times the powder puff game?
whats the clap?
haha the girl <propfirst> showed that skinny girls can be thugs too  smile  lol
man cant believe i ate it in pe in front of everybody lol  smile  fml
whered did this wind come from lol i feel like im in pismo  playful 
goonies!! what what lol  i want to do the truffle shuffle  smile 
proud of my boi <propmale>    ha he would graduate before me aha
you don't got say much to make me smile  smile 
so i was doing my gov  study guide with the help of my ipod and put it in your mouth  came on aha kind of took my mind off studying lol  playful 
"just took my final, final aha which is good cuz i studied for days  playful  sike!!!! ha gotta love cellphones"
i feel like today went by too quick  sad  im going to miss everybody  playful  hope everyone remembers me
last nite was a mess aha grad nite was filled with gangsters and jersey shore outkasts  playful  it was fun while it lasted but now its time for mimis  annoyed 
