8b5fff1fb7c632532b823ebf92f121ee
is starting the long process of jailbreaking my ipod for 3 0 beta 4   
going to see transformers 2 tonight    in imax  smile 
transformers was amazing!  laugh 
lifting weights with dad? then out? hmmm    
"hates that i cant get any privacy, even when my room's in the basement!"
is learning how to hack his wii =p
is glad people came today  i haven't had that much fun in a while  laugh 
"i feel like im the only person i know that doesnt have anything to do  being with the family is okay, but being with friends would be better "
starting my chemistry homework   it's alot more than i thought 
"this summer is going by too fast  sad   oh well, i'll just have to make the best out of what's left   smile "
if anyone has wii speak let me know!  smile 
i'm so scared that i'm going to sleep in that i currently have 2 alarm clocks set and 2 separate alarms set on my cell phone  is it bad that i dont trust my self that much  haha=p
band camp at 9?! i think this will officially start my senior year   
just got home after a 5 hour drive  annoyed \
what lies in front of me and what lies behind me are <propfemale> matters to what lies within me  -finally found a senior quote  smile 
"it's easy to be nice to people you like, but being nice to people you hate, thats a skill "
"depression, please cut to the <propmale> and cut a long story short oh please be done  how much longer can this drama afford to run? fate looks sharp, severs all my ties and breaks whatever doesn't bend but sadly then, all my heavy hopes just pull me back down again    "
so i found out why i havent heard back from western yet     my first quarter grades were never sent in! > sad 
is extremely relieved and happy!!!  laugh 
i cant do this stupid scholarship folder     annoyed 
doesnt like thinking    it rarely ever leads to good thoughts  annoyed  maybe going out in a bit to clear my head  
there's a lie for every truth 
just went on a much-needed and refreshing walk  smile 
new number  smile  2036261654 txt me  smile 
why cant i just be done with highschool already?
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me kher
you gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything   smile 
   wow  life's pretty great right now  laugh 
there comes a time that every bird has to fly  at some point every <propfemale> has to die 
so i grab my bags and go as far away as i can go cause everything ain't what i used to know
having a good time at <propfemale> beach! minus a few disturbances    but i'll live 
at uconn for orientation  i'm just a little intimidated    but i made a few friends already!
is playing mellophone in the uconn marching band this fall  laugh 
"had a really good day  this day was wayy past over due   smile  going to bed now, physical in the morning  annoyed "
is sitting in his room blasting dci music cuz im home alone and there's no one to complain about it  laugh 
at uconn for ucmb's open house!  laugh 
just got the new droid x
just had an amazing night with some awesome people!!!  laugh 
"i think that i can safely say that, other than living at home, life is really good right now   laugh "
"cushion the painful effects of hard blows by keeping the enthusiasm going strong, even if doing so requires struggle "
just went dorm shopping  smile 
just wants to move out and get away from meriden  
damn    crying  i didnt think i fucked up this bad 
don't think i deserve this  but whatever i guess   heart-broken 
everything happens for a reason i guess   5 days left here then i can start over and make things better 
things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up  they happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be   wink 
the longest day ever begins now     annoyed  leaving meriden in an hour then heading to storrs to move in and start camp for ucmb!
all moved in    too bad i still don't believe this is happening 
on lunch  until 1:15 then music until 5  my arms are sore but it feels <propfemale> good   smile 
just played some show music with the ucmb  smile  this is awesome  laugh 
"is surprised at how fast im memorizing this music, and how fast i can put it with drill  cant wait for tomorrow  smile "
on the bus for michigan! im too tired to be that excited though  
watching paper get wet  yay gen chem  
"so speechless\you left me so speechless, so speechless"
out to dinner with some cool people  smile 
had a pretty awesome past couple of days  love   wink 
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority, andso much else    all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better, and you respect them for who they    are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% who will "
is getting really frustrated trying to do this chem hw    > sad  can anyone from my class help me?
just performed an exhibition show for ussba championships  that was pretty awesome  laugh  & it was really nice getting my name yelled by all my maloney band friends
"had a crappy day today, but it all got better tonight  smile  going to bed happy now "
about to go take the gateway exam for calc for the first time   idk what to e playful ect 
 smile 
"all registered for next semester!  smile  minus my chem class, but that's no biggie"
off to work in a bit  looking forward to it   lets see if i'm thinking the same thing at 5   smile 
hiiiiiiiii  smile  <propfirst> <propmale>
wow  great night  this was wayyyy past due  boy did i miss my best friends  love 
is my love your drug? ;p  love 
if this is all we got and we gotta start thinking if every second counts on a clock that's ticking gotta live like we're dying  laugh 
that wasn't any easier for me than it was for you   i'm sorry
got approved for undergraduate research! now to see if i can do it  smile 
i love my best friends  smile  smile  smile 
back at uconn  waiting to get on the busses for the airport
on the plane to arizona!!!
i think i can finally e playful lain why i feel that way when i see stuff like that    and it sucks  i wish it would go away   
