a6798d1eadf946a1a069f04420d0f172
"getting my math homework done, catching the bus, getting done with school, coming home    "
affiliate marketing   hmmmm
music  laugh 
sleep
its my birthday  playful 
there should be a hardrive that lasts forever
lol im bored
thank god finals are tomorrow
i have to come to school for p e       indecision 
when will i put a picture up ?   ><
it's a friday!!!!!     
music
killswiche engage will be playing in sanfrancisco!!@!@!@!@!@!@
woot free 4th!
im tired ><
woot for silver  laugh 
food  laugh 
music  laugh 
im going to do absolutely nothing for 2 3 of my day  laugh  yay
the weekend is near  laugh 
jv wrestling season is over  sad 
http annoyed  i276 photobucket com albums kk16 z playful ipo7 9645ef4df16390_full jpg          laugh  this photo is epic
music  laugh 
god do i hate typing all the crap in the info tab   
todays music day for me  laugh 
"listening to music, doing random stuff on facebook    "
reading de-motivational posters
homework  surprise 
wow <propfemale> in wonderland was 132432904238903480 times better than i ever thought it would be    i actually want to re watch the movie  surprise 
fridays ><
"drinking a coke, listening to music, and kicking back"
wow    im bored but theres actually shit i could be doing right now   ><
rofl i was bored when i have a container of gummy worms i could be eating  laugh 
i really wish i had 3 hands because when it comes to face palming stupid people 2 hands aren't enough ><
sleepyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
eh
bored
kick ass kicked ass  laugh 
-
bands need to take less than 12349320429041 years to release a new album ><
i have no homework woot!
hmmmmmmmmmmm anyone want to play air-hockey or something some day over the weekend?
bored ><
grrr i want to see nightmare on elm street ><
-needs a job ><
i hate mornings ><
procrastination gotta love it
garageband  laugh 
grr why does homework seem to ever end
"anyone up for laser quest, bowling or a movie this weekend?"
downtown los altos is fun  laugh 
listening to music  laugh 
ufc 2010 is too ez  laugh 
right after friday finals i get to wake up saturday morning to go have 4 1 2 hours of sat fun ><
anyone up to going to jamba juice after school tomorrow?
i might have a job     hopefully   maybe     possibly     
going to an art wine festival tomorrow    anyone want too come?
bored and tired  laugh 
anyone go to 24 hr fitness or would like to go cuz i have a pass and i have a few 2week guest passes 
card tricks are really fun  laugh 
faux hawk ftw  laugh 
i got a very ez good paying job  laugh  woot!
bor3d
"anyone up to doing anything this weekend? i have free gym passes (just need your parents to sign your life away so incase that random stranger decides to kill you in the gym no one will get sued for it ) or theres lazer quest, or randomly and aimlessly walking around any downtown  laugh "
anyone going to the free open wrestling classes that start july 12th?
germany ftw!
woot 1560 on the s a t    laugh 
costco- where lunch is free  laugh 
   bored   *yawn*
anyone going to wrestling practice today?
the new soilwork album is awesome  laugh 
aug3 will be awesome  laugh 
is inception worth watching?
when in doubt use the chewbacca defense
yawn
mannn are <propfemale> charts accurate
will be in idaho in 11 days  laugh 
anyone have a blank cd i can have? i don't want to have to go buy a 20 pack just for 1 cd  laugh 
i wish i had a sham woohoo
will be in idaho in a little under 3 days  laugh 
tomorrow vacation starts  laugh 
"<propmale>, <propfirst> and sean: i will see all of your around 1 smile 0 tomorrow (well at-least my plane is supposed to land at 1 smile 0) \\<propfirst> and sean: i call shotgun!\<propmale>: enforce this with your life!"
50 minute delay ><
"walked downtown spokane, ate a burger, went swimming, saw the late showing of inception     yesterday was awesome  laugh "
silverwood was busy!!!
rafting from 8-10    really awesome when 4000 nats decide to fly into your face      yay      laugh 
going to some european resturant for breakfast     i hope the food doesn't suck 
lazy day today woot!
"idaho gang members: look tough, act tough, and they think that they can run after a car going 40mph     laugh "
going back to cali thismorning and everything was awesome besides the small amount of sleep i have had in the past 24 hours (this just sucks because now i'm going to become a vampire) so yea    
you can pick up your books at anytime right?
my schedule  1 (fall)  civics-fritz   1(spring)  economics- miyahara d    2  drawing 1- an   3  alg 2- robertson k     4  spanish 2- salsmarodri  5  film analysis- rosenberg  6  chemistry- babb
bored  laugh 
is it me or is everything found on the <propmale> driving schools online course taken from random websites found from google 
astrology is awesome
i found 15 cents while cleaning my room! i might be <propmale> one day  laugh 
why does spanish have to be so difficult ><
yawn
fans are useless  all they do is blow the hot air on you ><
yawn
the new disturbed cd is pretty nice 
yay i finally have some sort of idea on what career i'd like to get into 
double sided sticky tape ftw!
seahawks spanked the 49ers 31-6  go hawks!!
has anyone seen devil? if so how bad is it?
seahawks why did you have to go and loose to the rams > 
music makes homework so much easier
spanish homework never ends  indecision 
 laugh              nom nom nom
sanfrancisco state university is now my favorite collage
easy day tomorrow woot!
apparently when you miss the bus the best thing to do is to scream a whole bunch of cuss words waking up the people in all the houses around you    
going to school during 0 period     yay      
yay i found out how to send photos from my phone to my computer for free! thankyou google wifi 
finally weather that gives me a reason to be lazy 
like my status & by sometime this friday i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13seconds; 2  the color you remind me of; 3  my first memory of you; 4 the animal you remind me of; 5  ask something i've always wondered aboutyou;6  my favorite thing about you;7  give you a weird nickname;8  tell you what's on my shirt now; 9  challenge you to post this 
anyone down to see saw 3d tomorrow?
going to see the seahawks vs raiders game tomorrow!  laugh 
"seeing the seahawks vs the raiders was awesome, appart from the raider fan behind me who threw his beer up in the air (yes it landed on me)    that bastard "
was going to see saw3d after school but the show times are super inconvenient so does anyone want to grab some food after school?
it's always great to find a good new band to listen to
going for a run in a few  if anyone want's to hangout later today post a message here or text me  (<propfirst> this excludes you)
saw 3d is really good although i think they spent to much time adding gore for the 3d that they rushed some death scenes making it a little unrealistic but overall you really should watch it if you have seen all the others 
yay its raining
slept half the day and is sick    why must this happen on a day when there is no school
hates the cold 
the <propmale> cardinals dominated oregon state
i hate it when a really good band only has a few songs out 
i am so glad finals are next week  all this homework sucks 
"this weekend was very fun, but very busy  i hope that the night lasts for what feels like forever "
coffee  laugh 
my right hand is fractured oo     won't be better for 6 weeks (basically the rest of the wrestling season)    really lame
so glad its break 
is on skype right now
man is christmas shopping time consuming
got accepted to san <propfirst> state! so happy right now  laugh 
seahawks play the rams on sunday night football woot!
seahawks are in the playoffs  laugh 
seattle beat the saints (defending superbowl champions)  laugh 
you gotta go with what you know
lost my tv remote    can't play my xbox360     this is all bad
have a job interview at 3  free to hangout afterward 
ufc fights today weren't that great  sad 
oh my god it's a guinea saurus <propmale>!
i hate it when you don't know what to say 
tired
get out of school at 11 smile 0am and it's my day off of work     oh thursday are you going to be epic  smile 
why is everyone at ihop at 3 smile 0 am?!
gotta love payday  smile 
it's raining  smile 
i don't work today so if there is anyone who isn't going to the school dance that want's to hangout tonight send me a text (my #s in the info tab)
no work today or tomorrow  smile   finally get to catch up on my sleep
