336b0a2932f69b5a33e9d03eda7f57cb
wat movie shud i watch?
school is comming   i feel it looming over
i saw at least 10 robins today   i think they're a little confused 
i survived   i made it out onto the stage without passing out!!!!!!it's an accomplishment   and they were all like <propfemale> zahler!  and i was all like hi im <propfemale>!  and then i was talking and they were all like  hahahahah this monologue ur doing i funny so 
"hehe i went crazy, except online"
"i am writing this and it's noon and a monday!!!!!!!!!  im not at school,  im at home in my pj pants,  summer vacation is heaven already"
"will soon put up many photos including ones from \the walsh e playful irience\""  see what it's like to be a student at walsh middle school!!!!"""
woooo!!  only <propfemale> zahler on facebook!!!!
's life is complete!  she has finnished the last episode of scrbs   now she can  die in peace
"got into the play!!!!!!!!woooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!  i got iiiin, i got iiiiin, i got iiiiin (this is my i got in dance)   the play is called true grace with underground railroad theater   but also with central square theater????? i's a little confusing but"
took the how many people share your name quiz on a different website   i am the only one with my name in the entire us 
cant find that awsome game!!!!!!!!!sdktawetgamsotgkrtuqhowielsr
just saw lots of adorable kitties 
want's to see the second transformers
at the apple store   the keyboards are awsome so im typing just to type   hehehe it feels so cool!!!!!!
"leaving 2morro,  paking"
i wont be able to ge to te internet for  a while    sniff sniff
see you all when i get back!!! ill call as soon as i get home   <propfemale> scotia   maybe ill practice my french here so people can laugh at me!
happy b-day obama!
in dc   it is hot   and the stupid cicadas wont shut up   dont know much else yet 
back from the dc
team 8z
"nothing takes the fun out of a sherlock holmes like having to wirte about how the protagonist change, and what the theme message or main idea was   watson doent change   he's  \watson\""   and there is no message   what am i supposed to say?"""
i walk alone think of home memories of long ago no one knows i lost my soul long ago
made her first <propfemale> child meal!!!
crunchey leaves?!!! only 72 degrees?!!!     coldness in the breeze?!!     last night i had    cheese????????any way the point is summer can not be over 
i coooooooooooold   its august!  this is compleatly uexceptable 
those of you who were in <propfemale> at pac  you'll all be happy to know to know i still have all the songs stuck in my head 
watson is so watsony
"well,  guess i'll see most of you tomorrow"
"first day of school,  2 heavy books,  a million forms to fill out, and 27 algebra problems "
had a good day with <propfemale> today:  i'll take a potato chip       and eat it   a 3x3 inch change purse for just $98?????  an absolute bargain!!! i wore my coat to walk the dogs!
i'll take a potato chip    and eat it   i still havnt gotten over that 
poor <propmale> alen poe 
when in rome     be thankful you spent 2 months learning about it in 7th grade so you could go to 8th grade and learn the same things all over again 
"stop animation takes a looong time   so im lying here, doing the same  repetive motion over and over so that each frame is the rite amount of time   ive been doin it for half and hour but i feel gud cause im getting a lot done   but all of a sudden i relize:  somehow my computer messed up and copied the same picture over and over and over, about a hundred times   in half an hour i had acomplished nothing    fml"
life needs to be punched in the face   doesnt that sound deep and meaningful???
my eyes are soooo ichey
"i truly wish i was the kind of person who could say something was \bad ass\""  and get away with it """
everyone?
up
is
what
im pathetic
azzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz    my cat decided he's be the one to rite the message today    o and apparently he hit the caps lock 
urgent: the fancheck application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in  even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you  please inform all you friends and remove delete the application asap  copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly aka dont tag me 
wars with all the fighter planes?  there's been like 7 
my friend does dances on swing sets
"<propfemale>!!!!!! o htats rite people,  i have a syd song stuck in my head "
maloryyyyyyyyyy   i need to go to bed now   still have the syd song stuck in my head   gud niiiiiiite 
gud luk to all who r auditioning 2day!
"watched my first episode of \glee\"" suggested by a friend  that show screams plotically correct so loundly im almost afraid its going to come and murder me in the nite 4 not throwing a yiddish frase into my conversation every three seconds or bringing matza ball soup to school"""
i will kill matrices
hope all u auditiononers did gud
friiiiiiday
changititchangwatever   i had to watch people audition for that song about a million times 
congrats all u grease peoples!!!!!! smile 
every time i rite 1 of these i feel this increadible presure to say something interesting
aaarggggg   it be talk like a pirate day   me harties 
"\i dont care wat u think as long as its about me   the best of us can find hapiness in misury \"""""
everyone else was qotting so i thot i shud 
im so excited for tomorrow!!!!!
someone comment on this   getting updates makes me patheticaly excited 
nooooooooooooooo i had it for like 2 times  but then i lost it  noooooooooooooooooo
i have nothing to say   so why am i riting?
feels she should be saying something important
i've decided my ultimate dream is to hold a baby panda
need more friends with wings  all the angels i know put concrete in my veins 
watched 4th episode of glee  a lot happened   his wife is creepy i must say 
im reading the script tomorrow!!!!!!!!!  but i feel all icky   sad 
a level e is going to come in the night and kill me!!!!! o no!!
awwwwww im not gonna get a big part in the play 
ima chunkey monkey from funkey town
im videoing people with <propfemale>   your next 
ok so we only get 3 vids in but there'll b more l8ter   we promise   and once again  your next 
we're back an on the line to bring you more vids    and once again   your next!
ok well actually we only sent vids to people both <propfemale> and i knew   but i luv u all!!!!!!!!           ya
forever without tho is the <propfemale> that had dog food for          ur face   hahahahahaha feel insulted 
<propfemale> says i have a fluffy bellybutton
well this new facebook is kind of confusing    anyway         not hungry yet!
hey walsh people   i wasnt here on friday   is our friday homework due on tuesday or not because of yom kipper?  <propfemale> is it due?
now im hungry
huuuuuuungry
i ate food!!!!!! and im on my own computer!
im afraid some of the models in these magazines are going to come out and kill me with their  lazer eyes 
"wat shud i have 4 dinner,  a turkey wrap, or <propmale> n' cheese?  and suggestions?"
"i can not stand <propfemale> people sa: \ i was thinking in my head      \""                        no        i thot u were thinking in ur finger nails!  idk y it bothers me so much """
"<propfemale>ever those automatic porch lights turn on <propfemale> i walk past, i always think annoyed  im caught!\""  then i remember than im not actually doing anything im not supposed to be """
shit   ive spent the last hour doing the weekends homework  great 
its sooooooo cold   this is absolutly unexceptable   its only october! someone needs to take care of this 
"i was walking someones dog and i passed this group and this is wat i heard: \i dont mind that they're there as long as i no them  \"" and then the girl said: \""i mean its not you've killed them they're just on you're doormat\""  i mean it   word for word """
meeting the adults in the cast 2moro!  super excited   nite 
ooooooooh who can play the first 4 measures of moonlight sonata after 3 whole days?  thats rite   i can  pathetc 
whos to know if ur soal will fade at all?
the weekend is disapearing so quickly  sad 
off 2 ny 
puddle of mud!!!! breaking bejamin!!!!xoxoxox
omg  stained!!!!!!! so far away!
people!!!!!!i need a movie 
sigh      school 
"finally, back from rehearsal  sooo tired "
"oh ya! can play c,d, and f on the flute   woot "
they put pictures and videos of the cast while we do training    i wont put a link  u cant make me 
"aaarg it's still stuck in my head     who's to know if your soal will fade at all,  the one you sold to fool the world      i do luv that song tho "
write a comment 
"in breath by breaking bejamin,  is he saying \is it over yet\""   or \""is it obvious\""??????"""
got an audition today!!!!
we havnt turned the heat on yet   freezing 
aaaaaaaaaaa the world is coming to the end!   white stuff is falling from the sky!  nooooooo
<propfemale> is deffinatly not a vitue i was born with
y didnt anyone tell me that there was a <propfemale> in 17 again that people call naiomi?  this is very important
i dont have anything particularly intelligent to say at the moment 
im dividing my 2 3 on the railroad track  oooooooooh
half day!  tgihd 
"leaving for last rehearsal before opening    1 run- through, a break for dinner,  then we open! wish me luck "
got my computer bak!!!
full <propfemale>   vampires will come in the night and plant their corn on your front lawn 
"disney is taking over the world, bring out your sweater vest!"
matinee 2morro   full house e playful ected   best part = i get 2 miss skool   mucho excied!
tonights show at 8 surprise 0   fingers crossed for full house!
i got a beard!  2 shows 2day 
"its suposed 2 b a full house this afternoon   grace paley's husband, children, and grandchildren r coming "
awsome show this afternoon!  compleatly full house 
"wow, the world's moste  playful ensive rubik's cube is $1,500,000   and guess wat   it looks like every other rubik's cube i've seen   also the most e playful ensive toast is $28,000   yum"
who has mrs  stauffer?
snow day   pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease
v
"im pretty sure ice belongs in the freezer, not in your hair "
facebook needs some sort of sarcasm button
"gelt, latkas and lighting of the candles   i was more jewish 2nite then usual "
finally done with all my homeowork!  super excited to wait for the bus in the -5 degrees weather tomorro!
"o gud, -9 degrees   my fav "
im a pelican 
show 2nite
marry christmas everyone!  i went to the movies with all the other jews   chinese food l8er  
aaaaaaa y does my voice choose this morning to go all scratchy?  i have 4 shows in the next 2 days!!!!!!  it had christmas and christmas <propfemale> to do this 
"2 shows 2day,  haward zinn came in the afternoon   (ill pretend i know who he is)   ill miss u 4ever luc the x1   i can't wait to hold u again "
done with the show
i took a walk around the world to ease my troubled mind   i left my body lyings somewhere in the sands of time   i watched the world float to the dark side of the <propfemale>  i feel there's nothing i can do 
i found my toes
"nothing particularly interesting is \on my mind\""  so <propfemale> me """
im aloud to cut my hair and paint my nails now at least
excited 4 new years party 2nite
2011 feels a lot like 2010
spent my quality time w  deval <propfirst> 2day 
who is that devilish <propfirst> man polishing your new shoes?
hoping 4 an audition  we'll c 
dr  & mrs  vandertramp   they can go die 
cud some1 from mrs  d's science class tell me wat we need 2 no 4 the quiz 2morro?
i think i just go pen on the bak of my ear   not many of u cud sa that now cud u?
watching the office   lol it's halarious  everyone told the truth
just got bak from grease   everyone did great!  <propfemale>'s character was so obnoxious i just wanted to smack her across the face   obviously she did a fandastic job 
awwwww i missed jew appreciation day   y did no one hug me or anything?
omg   the pizza guy from the office is totally arty from glee!  im too lazy to actually look it up but im 90% possitive 
"happpy birthday blue balooon!  jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way  baruch atah adoni   happy new years! happy valentines day  hapy easter! di di dianu, di di anu di di anu   haaaaaaaaaaappy birrrrrrrrthday bluuuuuuuuue balloooooooooon"
i feel icky
quacking in the night
"4 months, 20 days, 7 hours, 2 minutes and 15 seconds before the last day of school  i cant wait!"
"its friday! its friday  its friday  its friday  its friday its friday  friday its   iiiiiittttttsssss ffffrrrriiiddddaaaaayyyyy   is it friday? yes, afirmative   is it not friday?nope guess wat day it is everybody??????"
"the worlds most e playful ensive m&m was $1,500   it was brown "
red pandas  i  love  them 
aaaaaaaaa where is everything?  im so confused!  y do they have to change facebook <propfirst> other week?
<propfirst>!
happy valentines day everybody!
thanks 4 the happy birthday's everyone   i feel very loved 
i hate those cumblys at the bottom of your cereal box
"i wud like 2 appologize 2 every1  i accidentally clicked on something that is now telling all of u that i am stalking u and all of ur friends that u r stalking them   i am very sorry   i am not really stalking u and u r probably not really stalking ur friends   again, i am very sorry "
saw a avatar   i want a blue pointy-faced guy with zero body fat 
i vote winter vacation in extended through to june   then it'll b time for summer vacation!
"o joy, i get to wake up at 6am again   my life once more has meaning   sigh "
friday    love   love   love   love   love   love  !
the wilderness must be e playful lored!
"i am absolutely fed up with this \winter\"" buissness"""
"3 months, 15 days, 2 hours, 45 minutes and 5 seconds till the last day of waslh!!!!!!!!"
"the only thing i hate about glee is how theyre always refering to things as \special\"""""
i now worship <propfemale> atwood   she's amazing!
its bitchtastic
il fait gris dans mon coeur 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????  checker designs make everything prettier
only 2 degrees away from hot karete kid guy!  but hes probably not hot anymore 
there was sun!!!!!!!!!it made me happy 
"new true blood episode 2 moro!!!!!  wow, how pathetic am i?"
i almost to stuck a pretzel in my ear because i forgot which hand was holding my headphones 
done with iim for the rest of my life!!!!!!!!!!!! woooooooo!
i  love  cotten <propfemale>!!!!
there are some who call me      tim         its just a flesh wound!
sigh    i dont do well with awkward scilences 
i missed obama?????come on!!!! i fel like im gonna regret this 4 ever  aaaaaaaaarg  how come no 1 told me he was in framingham??!!??!! im so frustrated!
audition 2day   eeks!
?    ? ? ? ? ?? love 
"fahder,  brohder,  sonn"
didnt make audition  sad 
i have an owie  sad 
left my ipod at school   i feel so lost!
haha itts sunday and i don't have to go to skool tomorro!!!!!!
"ok, ive gotten 9 messages written all weirdly saying that i was \caught on film\""  im pretty sure they're fake   the link takes me 2 this strange <propfemale> that makes no sense what so ever   wats going on??????"""
lady gaga's boyfriend in paparazzi is <propfirst> northamn in true blood!!!!! i feel like i'v just discovered something that will change the world like how to make electricity from wood or something 
ocfcd   obsessive compulsive facebook checking dissorder 
ladies and gentlemen the empitome of dignity: falling flat on your butt because you thought the chair was closer than it really was 
<propfemale> and i were being super secret assassins in the rain   unfortunatly the mission was compramized when we noticed that we were being watched by a random old lady   awwwkwaaaard 
"albi, albi, albi: the racist dragon"
i really really really really really really really dont want to go bak 2 skool
"o goody, 3 <propfemale> essay on midevil weddings   how much more exciting can u get?"
"how come the extreamly sketchy pop-ups about \hot singles in my area\""  always asume that im a man?"""
my news feed isnt showing things past 7:22 last nite      
i almost feel guilty when i relise that i like a pop song 
opening nite was pretty gud   2moro shud b even better
ugggg   do not wat 2 b up this early   but we better rock at festival!!!!  lets hope we make it under 40 <propfemale>  :$
bronze   embaaaarasssing 
cows are funny
"sleep depravision can make you write interesting things   im not exactly sure  what        \ the aztecs raised animals from torillas in corn\"" means """
im sad  sad 
bak from dc  left behind the rediculously perfect weather 
poked bak all my pokes 
broke a string  sad 
the weather is much too icky   i do not approve 
question to 8th grade girls   have any of u decided on an outfit for the end of the year dance?
exuse me   i destictly remember puting my winter clothing away   can anyone tell me y i had 2 b wearing a sweatshirt and winter coat 2nite?  is there some sort of e playful lination?????
this is too many chairs for one room!
just remembered about those video's of tru grace   of course i watched them and now i feel all depressed   and embarassed 
crap crap crap i lost about 400 songs on my ipod 
learned an improtant lesson today:  electrical appliences usually work better when you plug them in   
everybody loves ninjas
finished night          
found a hippo!!!!!!!!  thx <propfemale>!!!!!!
is it just me or did we go directly from late winter to mid-summer?
10 hours of rehearsal   i survived!!!!
<propfirst> gray 2mro    eeks!
electricity failed 4 times in the middle of the production   thunder storms certainly make things interesting 
done with finals!!!!!!!!! smile 
"it feels like summer, want to walk through <propfemale>   for several long years you've be hoping for change   but things stay the same, no matter how hard you try   every night you go to sleep and you dream you can fly "
"1 day, 2 hours, 55 minutes and 3 seconds till summer vacation!!!!!!!!"
bye bye walsh    i wont miss you!!!
hangin in vermont with real live actual nature
my friend is being mean to meeeeeeeee
"due to the hundreds of books, movies and tv shows that keep comming out, im starting to wonder why it is exactly that a hot vampire hasnt come out of nowhere and fallen deeply in love with me   is there something wrong with me?"
so      finished latest episode of true blood     interesting ending     quite interesting
how come with jobs u always have to do work before you get the money?
enjoying the beatles!! ?
not to be too much of a girl or anything but   i hate spiders 
"nyc   its swarming with sleazy guys and its,stinky and grimy still, just like everyone else   i  love  ny "
sick   sigh
rain rain come and stay   please dont wait another day 
rereading all the <propmale> potter books   go ahead   make fun of me 
urban dictionary: naomi-pronounced 'nay oh me' or 'ny oh me'  usually nay oh me but some gits pronounce it wrong 
i <propfemale> have hacked <propfemale>'s account puahahahaha
apparentlly im a geek who gackles  who knew?
inception was amazing 
packing 4 florida!!!!
"learned an important lesson on my trip:  sometimes in life, you have to wait to ride the fishies "
in canada with my bestest moose buddies 
found orange flavored milk at the supermarket   o these canadiens
"from tropical ocean to northern, 60 degree ocean in less than a week  hmph   im moving to florida "
its actually cold here   like real honest natural coldness 
i would like to thank the inventor of smores where ever he or she may be 
"wait a second, three more weeks till school?  summer just started!"
"there is an <propfemale> garden, a bugaboo creek,  a burger <propmale>, 2 kfcs and  7 mcdonalds, all in the town that im staying   so good to be back in <propfemale> "
off to dc!!!
"omg, met a guy from scranton, pennsylvania!"
"good luck to everyone in oklahoma, sorry i cant be there "
"arrrg, schedules are arriving and im still in dc!"
schedule! finally!  will post tomorrow 
"hr-e209locker e444a  s1 -acting1, henrya  s2 -clothing1, magnanib-  french2hon, lallyc-  modwld hon, gallagherd- engl 1 hon, geoghegane s1 -missing?e s2- fitforlife, foleyf- biohon, langtong-  geometryh  krass"
good night
most people wont know what this means but godric is the danish <propmale> weasley!  my life is now so much better 
<propfemale> sticco-ivins must sell me a cat made out of sweaters 
tour tomorrow   we people with no senses of direction need all the help we can get 
everyone just close your eyes and we can all pretend that summer isnt over 
giant high school thou shalt not defeat me!
screw the <propfemale>   if i win a million dollars im using it to pay for the school to be air conditioned 
biology homework an crawl into a corner and die now 
come on <propmale>   this all you got?
first time in fenway park tonight!  exciiited!
thinking of getting a phone   
could we be in next summer vacation already? could life just be one big summer vacation? pleeeease?
and in her eyes you see nothing  no sign of love behind the tears  cried for nothing  a love that should have lasted years 
god damn right its a beautiful day 
celebrating her jewishness with some apples and <propfemale> 
cake! (this applies to both the food and the band)
having great vocabulary didnt save the thesaurus from extinction  eradication extrication 
i just saw the sun rise over the <propfemale> 
dignified rhinos dont have tags 
"i have a song stuck in my head and i cant remember what it is   i need help!  all i can remember is \been here since 1984   standing in the rain\"""""
omg ! typing on an ipad!
"alright guys   only 9 months, 21 hours, 47 minutes and 13 seconds till summer vacation!!!   sigh"
its only teenage wasteland 
good bye food!  see you in 24 hours   sigh
im going to bitch slap my computer 
the bio homework was much too easy   there must be a trick somewhere 
i think klondike needs to rethink their campeine a bit   having the annoying little jingle play in your head every time kind of takes the fun out of eating them 
would go to the store and buy some patients if she could
no audition request   sad  im unwanted 
wat up?
wants to rock and roll all night and party every day
dinosaurs are da bomb!  they all like rawr 
the only reason i dont believe in the easter <propfemale> is because he doesnt believe in me 
this stupid fucking umbrella looks like a hat on a stick
does anyone else have that one song that they repeatedly get stuck in their head even if that havnt heard it in ages? or am i just strange 
<propfirst> beiber stuck in my head  life is not good at the moment 
today i was told: you might be too short to do this move on the second bar   lovely 
when im a billionaire = prime example of how rap ruins everything 
nothing rhymes with <propfemale> 
cant talk about it cuz id be breaking the first two rules lol but it was amaaaazing! how could i miss out on that movie for so long?
looking forward to a dinosaour cookie date tomorrow 
sigh    you know you have no life when google tells you youve visited facebook 1500 times 
maybe if i pretend school does not exist   then it will disappear   yes?  good theory?
how come none of us appreciated nap-time when we had it?
"<propfemale> resorts to her standard \i cant think of a status\"" post: purple haze all in my brain  lately things just dont seem the same """
i like it in my closet
computer why must you hate me so?
i need a theme song  and when ever i was about to enter a room it would play and youd see little flashes of me laughing in slow motion and skipping through the fields 
its monday an im not at school   haha i feel that ive somehow cheated the system 
"i've seen angels fall from blinding heights \but you yourself are nothing so divine \just next in line"
"has the oompa loopa song stuck in her head , how did this happen and what did she do to deserve this?"
ah <propmale>  i swear im trying as hard as i can to care about you but im not doing so well 
"friday and me, we're getting married "
"this\is cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family\member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer ? and in\honor of those who continue to conquer! put this up for one hour if you\love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy & paste  i was\proud to, will you?"
to everyone in that was then this is now: im sure you were awesome! im sorry i wasnt there sad 
blasting ram jam  it makes me happy   smile 
lost a fierce battle with a vending machine 
oh boy! are we picking out <propfemale>'s new profession again?
everyone take a moment and thank each of your ten fingers for so willingly helping you with typing and writing end playing piano and opening jars     
so done with school   unfortunately school doesn't seem to be done with me 
posting as status from school  makes me feel rebel and bad ass
that was so fun!  fabulous beginning to halloween weekend!
watching <propfemale> and <propfemale> as i make <propfemale>'s <propmale> n cheese   something not quite right about that
if youre not careful ill unleash all my wilderness e playful lorer training on you!
rflksjflkslkjbsljhldg    original i know 
boston's tenth man could not be wrong!
yo mama's so hollister she like <propfirst> bieber on faceook
youve just been ninja   ed
"if we got rid of mondays then tuesdays would be the new monday, and if we got rid of tuesdays then wednesday would be the new tuesday so i think the solution is just to make life on great big friday"
"gettin my <propfirst> <propfirst> on   \only the good die young\"""""
die day five! die die die!
i feel exactly like a seahorse right now   
just finished the <propmale> horror picture show!  let all go to transsexual transylvania   
thursday tomorrow!  and thursday is almost friday!   god this is pathetic
"what are you doing?\scratching my lollipop\    why?\it looked itchy"
was feeling all technologically savy as i went into to the hard drive to get rid of a virus    of course then it didnt work 
aww its snowing   wait its snowing? ew!  come back summer come back!
listoning to the same song over and over and over   billy <propfirst> is addicting
*gromit! there's a bomb in me pants!*
im not sure if you all knew this but we all live in a yellow submarine
happy birthday <propfirst> shepard  rip 
how come i cant celebrate christmas?  theres no such thing as the hanukkah spirit 
"thats cool teachers, give me a crap load of homework  i dont need to to sleep "
<propfemale> zahler has gone three entire weeks without watching a single illegal movie   be proud world  be proud 
friday tomorrow people!!!
come on snow storm  you know you really want to come to framingham 
fifth cold in the last two months  im flattered that germs love me so much 
got to be a joker he just do what he please!
<propfemale> christmas! or <propfemale> movie and chinese food day!
"life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life !"
i need a good show to watch  any suggestions?
trying to stay off facebook  i e  have a life   its not going so well 
once upon a time there was school  then <propfemale> shot it in the head  the end 
what good are guys anyway if they cant kill a spider?
kind of late but   good luck on the mid years everybody!
yeah i think id be pretty good with postponing midterms one more day  just one more snow day  pleeease please 
my dog is stalking me   
"welcome to the fallout\welcome to resistance\the tension is here\between who you are and who you could be\between how it is and how it should be"
"most exciting part of the day: two water bottles for the price of one   score 1 for <propfemale>, 0 for the vending machine "
"apology to all if i have bitched out, weirded out, zoned out or flipped out in your general direction in the last week or so   sleep deprivation can do interesting things to me"
the sinners are much more fun  wink 
walking around the house cleaning up my trail of blood  always fun 
theres no need to ask directions if you ever lose your mind
typing on an ipad cause i'm just that cool
going to be live audience for a show  i'll be that one with that really loud obnoxious laugh just so i can be heard on the track 
had my 15 minutes of fame today     i just smiled and waved like an idiot 
i have a new love  his name is the sun 
thats cool computer   delete half my music  again   it doesnt make me want to throw you against a wall or anything 
"asians speaking french, what's more politically correct than that?"
"come back spring, come baack!"
music is the best invention
ever just sit and thing of <propmale> the embarrassing situations youve ever been in?  someone please slap me across the face   
life is the best thing that could ever happen to me  smile 
strawberry
i get to go to sleep now you guys im so excited!!!
"got a sunburn on the first spring day  you all were right, i'm freakishly pale"
"\dont be sad <propfemale>      im the optimism fairy\""-claire m whall"""
cat is eating my geometry book  perhaps he wants to answer the questions as well   
just realized i now literally think in text talk   this worries me
