b50319d37c153eabd315300fb16460b6
"if anyone wonders why there are more pics of my dogs on here than there are of my kids, it's because <propfemale> takes all the good pics for her <propfemale>!"
ready to go to work and then work overtime tomorrow  then paint the living room on saturday!! whooohoooooooo!
"what do you do when your nosey old lady neighbor calls the cops on you because your dog barks at people who are staring in her windows? i don't know what you would do, but i moved my burning barrel near the property line, filled it with dog crap and set it on fire!! now she has crap scented smoke saturating her bedroom, and i have a smile on my face   smile "
i'm tired and tired and tired  my little cousin got married and looked beautiful and that is the only good thing about this weekend  did i mention i'm tired?
"feeling thankful for my wife and kids  without them i'd have nothing worth living for except pie, and then i'd be fat  thank you god for my family and pie   but especially my family "
"i'm gonna get so drunk and then puke it up, drink my puke, have a few more shots, pass out, piss myself and then vomit all day tomorrow!! good times    j k"
i'm afraid i won't be puking all day because i hold my liquor like a manly man  but those hot wings are gonna haunt me    
i love my new pup <propfemale>  she's got drive   
i think it's sad when the government decides that the best way to help the poor to afford health care is to fine them if they can't buy insurance and help the <propmale> insurance companies make even more money by institutionalizing their grip on society  obama thou hast slain me  i am slain and fined for not having insurance  slain i tell thee! i am so f***ing slain  prithee i say could some kind sir or lady help me?
<propmale> cheney looks like the penguin from the batman television series starring <propfirst> west as batman and nobody gives a crap as <propfirst> 
i wonder why a fly is called a fly? other animals move and we don't call them by their form of locomotion  wait i just saw a runs!! there goes a crawl!!
"i am legion   for we are many  i feel like an automaton lately  work, eat, sleep, work, eat, sleep, work, work, work  i am legion "
lazy lazy lazy  i need to go help my wife with housework or get in trouble  right now 
we have <propmale> shepherd and miniature schnauzer puppies available now if anyone is interested check out my site  http annoyed  crusaderkennels webs com
i found out a day or so ago that i'll be going dayshift on 9 20 can't wait! normal sleep pattern here i come!!!
i think tucker carlson is a real douchebag 
my wife was taken by her sister to bloomsburg to be driven insane by the caterwauling of a mad toadlike man   goodtimes were had by all 
our washing machine is not broken 
i've been watching animal hoarding shows and can't even believe people are that f*$king crazy  animals are not more important than family   they're just more important than strangers  lol 
i have been thinking about people and i've come to a great conclusion   i hate most of them and think they are by and large stupid  family and friends are exempt from the hate and stupidity 
i've got bovine spongiform encephalopathy and i'm pretty angry 
going for a walk or two today  taking medea and then later going to take valkyrie  fun 
our schnauzer pups have been born!!!
i hate going to get puppy tails cut off and their toes pulled off  it just kinda bums you out hearing their little screams while thinking about someone ripping your thumbs off with giant pliers and stabbing you in the ass 
people are always so sure they made the right decision when really life is a series of bad decisions we just need to make the best of and most of the decisions aren't even ours to make 
"i hate winter  i'm not an eskimo, polar bear, or winter olympian  i'm an old man with joint problems and weight issues who has to drive through the slush and deal with idiots and morons  the only good thing is it keeps the jehovah witnesses away "
i never knew jesus rode a diplodocus and held an alligator on his way into jerusalem  damn donkey's have some good pr people   
"just finished warming up after taking <propfemale> for a walk  she is so hound stubborn, but i taught her that the walk ends when i say it does "
i am home from grocery shopping and getting awesome deals  i came home to find my wife with another man   phillipe duwayne calderone montoya <propfemale>  i am feeling so betrayed   why <propfemale>?!? why?!?
i went to tsc and got a good deal on a woodstove for the kennel  everyone wanted to pet <propfemale> and asked what kind of beagle she is  i almost hate telling them she's not a beagle at all because then they look like they really feel stupid  also bought a new tow hitch and some dog bowls  i love it when people compliment my pups 
the best way to train a dog is with food 
"i love the dogs, but i hate cleaning up after them and i really hate preparing for this horrible storm we're supposed to be getting "
i miss my niece  where is she?!?
i think i've caught the bieber fever   and i've been puking and have had diarrhea ever since 
puppies have begun opening their eyes  they're so cute at this stage 
i can't wait to see candrew and <propfemale> today! i get to give her a gun and a puppy!
i just made pigface soup and it is an orgasm of fatty deliciousness 
i didn't even know that the super bowl was on today until i got online  now that i know i'll probably do the same thing i'd have done earlier   not watch the super bowl 
<propfemale> asked me why i have a fat belly  i had no good answer  children are so cute in their cruelty 
"don't be stupid, be a smarty, come and join the nazi party! gotta love <propmale> <propmale> "
going to <propfemale> on saturday  taking the boys and my cousin <propmale> to go get a new brood bitch  going to be fun provided everything goes as planned 
put a wood stove in for my dogs and now the kennel is nice and warm  happy dogs = happy puppies = happy customers = $$$ = happy zach 
went and got my new schnauzer stud dog today  we're calling him <propfirst> and he's super cute 
puppies are toddling around and they are so cute  <propfemale> loves <propfirst> and says he's her dog  all in all a good day so far 
just bought my wife another shiny thing to keep her interest  check it out on her <propfemale> 
"paperwork, paperwork, paperwork  running a kennel isn't all fun and puppies  next up cleaning dog crap  gotta love it "
i have felt an incredible enlightening  i believe my third eye has opened   
"company today  <propfemale>, <propfemale>!!!, and other "
i learned today that fossils are all only as old as <propmale>'s ark! jesus rode a tyranasaurus and <propfirst> rode a tyranadon  i bet <propfemale> was friends with a dimetrodon 
i'm still tired from kentucky  trying to find a home for a very large male <propmale> shepherd who is not for the une playful erienced home  anyone interested give me a holler 
begining spring cleaning today  need to get some stuff taken care of and plant some new grass 
so i'm going to be tearing out carpet and putting laminate flooring in what will be our dining room  this upcoming week i'll be splitting a room in the kennel to be better utilized 
watching idiot abroad  i love that show it is so honest 
"i hate snow, i hate wind, and the only thing i hate more is the two together "
going to take a dog for a walk and try to get some stuff done around the house 
whatever happened to aqua?
"when will spring be sprung already!!! i hate snow, rain, and mud!"
"i love my kids, <propfemale> told me i smell like a baloney after i asked her for a kiss and hug and burped while she was coming to give them to me  needless to say no kiss and hug for daddy     sad "
ready to help clean up my uncle's property again today! hello chainsaw here i come!!
"happy 11th anniversary <propfemale>!! i love you more than anything, thank you for putting up with me "
corned beef and cabbage  mmmm i love corned beef and cabbage 
so <propfemale> just said that menstrual cramps are like a crazy invisible midget with shiv running up to stab you in the ovaries every couple minutes   what a visual! i'm so glad i'm a guy 
"finally got a good days sleep  hate working third shift again, but love that i'm back to work "
tgif!! i have so much to do today!
"just got back from shooting mynew  22 cricket with the kids  paden and connor hit the target a few times, <propfemale> just kept shooting the target stand, and <propfemale> is a little sniper with open sights  lol i love my family "
"i'm so sick of work, been back to work for a week and a half and already working 10 hr days and overtime on the one weekend <propfemale> and i were going to have the kids away  that sucks hairy yak c*ck "
