03cccc204cc2f2ffe1df9a0dd8fe4e70
hi to all   i very seldom have time to jump on here   so don't think i am ignoring you   hope y'all are doing well   love to all   gotta go 
"hey you guys   i know <propfirst> posted some new pictures so jump onto her facebook and check them out   she'll have to show me again how to add new photos   love to all, shell"
happy new year!
happy new year to all!  2010 feels like a great year to start a new   wishing everyone good health and happiness 
going bananas with all this darn snow and now sub temps   have to say   i am really tired of it already   oh yeah   and trying to learn how to attach pictures without having to ask leslie-ann again   just give me time   i'll get it eventually!
still working on photos   <propfirst> had to show me again    things are looking up here   it is getting warmer!  you know you are a true nodak when the temp is 20 and you aren't cold anymore    love to all!
hey mom   just wanted to say thanks for turning me into a cafe junky   i have spoiled several dishes   i forget about them and come back and they are green and gross   it's fun though and distracting   love you guys   have a great day!  it's hump day   yahoo!
"\lost\"" watching \""lost\""   thought it was supposed to start making sense by now????"""
sending all my love and prayers to my precious family and friends   i love and appreciate you all    remember to tell your loved ones the same cuz tomorrow might be too late 
you know the saying when life hands you lemons make lemonade   what if it throws the whole darn orchard at you   then what?
ok guys   i tried to upload photos of faith-ann's 1st birthday party but i guess i still have a lot to learn   tomorrow is a new day   i shall try again  love to all!
just killed a huge spider and didn't even scream!  yahoo!  i am woman   hear me roar!
great night a head!  dinner with family and rescue me comes back on!  yahoo!
happy 4th y'all! just chillin' at home today   the kids are going to <propmale>'s today for picnic and fireworks later   hopefully they actually get to visit with their dad this year   love to all and be safe!
"new favorite band  jaron and the long road to love! \pray for you\"" came on the radio the other day & i literally laughed out loud  wow-i know right  it takes a lot 2 make me laugh like that nemore so i knew i had to buy his cd & i am not sorry i did  go 2 cmt com 4 a listen  i promise it doesn't sound like country @ all & u will laugh so hard u pee yourself  try it! i gar-on-t you will like it """
"you gotta love tuesday nights (rescue me)!  i think i'll take a <propfemale> out of \lou's\"" (<propfirst> scurti) and \""tommy's\"" (<propmale> leary) book and just say what is on my mind   everybody watch out   lol   oh yeah and it doesn't hurt that franco is easy on the eyes """
watching lion <propmale> with my two favorite girls   faith-ann and leslie-ann   faith's first time and she loves it   she dances to all the songs   she's the sweet of what's left of my heart   thank god for my kids!
"promise to my children: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, sometimes even be your worst nightmare  lay awake at night and fret   cheer for you, brag about you & even hug you in public until the day you understand why i do it  all because  i   love   you       you can never find someone who loves you & cares about you more than your mom!! copy & paste if you you agree"
true blood rocks!  you gotta love vampires and a good looking werewolf to boot   sweet!
how do you know when it's time to do the dishes???  when you eat cereal for lunch and have to use one of your granddaughter's baby spoons     lol!
facebook     it's all fun and games 'til someone gets their feelings hurt!
oopsie   stayed at margaritaville a little too long  smile 
do you ever get the feeling that someone else thinks they are the only one affected by matters of the heart?  i am feeling that right now   like i am supposed to just shut up and keep my true feelings to myself   which i have been doing for a really long time now   so to that other person   u win!
"well guys, thanks for listening to all my ranting and raving  this has been a really difficult month for me and i am going to try to start a new journey in my life and do things for me and my kids that can only bring us closer as a family   because really in the end that is all you have and i want their memories of their mom to be good ones  love to all!"
trying to change my profile picture  who wants to bet that it takes me and hour or more to do it???  i am not so great at things like this yet   but i'm trying 
"the girls (faith-ann, sweet pea & i) are watching armageddon and playing peek-a-boo  we should be cleaning and getting ready for the trip but oh well  faith-ann really wanted to watch the movie and     well you see her picture   how could gma say no?"
what to do when the baby is stuck behind the couch    become super strong grandma and move the heavy couch    don't worry she's fine   she's on to zerberting the dog now  never a dull moment! lol
having a good time on vaca!  except for the heat   my old body can't take it anymore   i couldn't live in the south again   love to all   shell
"vacation is going well   too bad it will end soon and then back to reality   oh well, it has been great while it lasted   love to all!"
finally home  safe and sound! praise the lord! thanks so much to all y'all who took time to visit with us   we enjoyed it so much and look forward to doing it again   love to all!
catching up on true blood   oh no good looking werewolf man is leaving   boohoo  i will miss him  hope he comes back soon 
what color fire are you? -- my result: rare green  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 269404 referrals status?aid=533743973
what tattoo design represents you the most? -- my result: lillies  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 682463 referrals status?aid=533743973
i think this is a never ending day!  when will it end?
"wondering if i will spend every friday night like this one   watched half a movie by myself until <propfirst>, <propfirst> & faith came home and finished it with me   now on fb   what a wild life huh   maybe after i turn 40 i'll really cut loose   what's there to lose   right?"
i've never actually seen someone slip on a banana peel!
fighting off the flu bug and trying to keep it to myself   don't want faithie to get it   love to all and have a great labor day weekend 
happy labor day!  be safe!
"chillin' with <propfirst> and faith   silly, silly girls!"
great start to survivor tonight  looking forward to an interesting season 
tired of being to exhausted to fall asleep   i mean seriously   how many damn sheep can one count?
"thank you all so much for all the happy birthday wishes and the love! 40 feels a lot like 30 except   we can eat cake!  (not like i wouldn't even if it weren't my bday) the kids and i are going out to space aliens for dinner   i say it is soon time to eat, drink and be ooohhh so <propfemale>   love to all! thanks again   shell"
"night night cruel world   going to bed with the newest <propmale> sparks book on my nook the \kids\"" gave me for my birthday!  thanks again   i love it!"""
have you ever been driving and then you see it   1 lonely shoe on the side of the road  i always wonder   where's the other one? where's the person the shoe belongs to? what if there's a foot inside of the shoe?  omg right! i know it's weird but just think about it 
i like it on the desk 
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your    status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life"
happy halloween to all! be safe and have fun!
"what i am most thankful for this thanksgiving holiday     my family, friends and the ability god gave me to forgive   without it, we can not heal nor can our loved ones "
thank god for my first born   she helped reece with homework tonight 
great weekend so far  not! <propfirst> now has the stomach flu  we were up most of the night & i have already done more laundry today than i usually do in a week  poor kid  he is getting some rest & drinking lots of gatorade  i was hoping this was done in our house since last weekend it hit us hard  it could always be worse  wish us luck!
sweetness! just watched previews for survivor redemption island  so excited to see how <propmale> will do this time  hope he kicks <propfirst>'s ass  i can't stand that little weasel 
