740aa1b3e5f95ad8cb82d60ea043b243
"not having the new years i was hoping for  if anyone wants to <propfemale>, give me a call "
is bored someone please help!
just got back from a early morning run
downloading everything he needs onto his new laptop
district 9
just got home from an awesome weekend in mackinaw with my girlfriend  laugh 
"nazi ain't got no humanity  that's why every soldier wearin' a nazi uniform, they're gonna die "
imogen heap's new album tuesday    yeah im gonna buy it 
leaving for lssu in 7 hours
all moved in  missing home 
is enjoying his first day of class  laugh 
"is already stressing about his classes, and so far all he has got from them is syllabuses   "
"made it home safe, planning to spend alot of time with his mom this weekend  smile "
"i may just be ambitious, but i though i smelled roses during the u of m game   "
fearing tomorrow's 6 am physical training   
got his bike stolen  sad 
almost got arrested at the border coming back 
is going home tomorrow 
the football gods have forsaken us   
ready for friday   
is going home tomorrow!
got the last copy of modern warfare 2 in sault saint <propfemale>!
just beat modern warefare 2! quite possibly the best game i have ever played 
oh my god im bored   
"needs a friend to come to lssu to <propfemale> with, any takers?"
"anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him  i have nothing left to take from   "
"'s phone is dead, and the charger is in sault ste  <propfemale>  if you wanna do something let me know via facebook or call my house if you know the number  i really need a friend right now "
"made it to sault ste  <propfemale>, not sure how i feel about it   "
"is debating this whole firefighting thing  i never realized i could write before, well anything other than <propfemale> tales of breakfast items "
"i would wait for you until all of the protons from the universe were gone, and the last light from a dying <propfemale> was extinguished "
"should be doing homework, but its not videogames to television that have caught my attention    i must say my heart looks much more attractive when it is splattered all over microsoft word "
could not possibly be less motivated to write a summary about a summary of a fire that no one cares about 
canceled his world of warcraft accout  good riddence 
thank you for listening to me when my walls come down faster than thoes of jericho  you know who you are 
wants to go home    only 2 weeks to go   
"watching planet earth, be jealous "
"watching october skies, then cleaning up an oil spill  ready to go home   "
"is the happiest he's been in weeks, just doing homework and listening to music "
lssu is closed ^ ^
watching blood <propfemale> 
"two exams down, five to go, forgot about the emt practical, still ready to go home though "
"getting lulled to sleep by imogen heap, i think she likes me   "
not a fan of -10 degree mornings 
3 finals down 4 to go 
5 days until im home  can't wait 
"5 exams down, 2 to go "
"6 finals down, emt final on thursday, then home "
emt exam at 3 then home 
is finally home 
is at cabin creek  anyone wanna do something?
dinner anyone?
watching <propmale> gump 
sault ste  <propfemale> and back by 3  at cabin creek if anyone wants to do something 
i'm sick of getting guilt tripped on all of the aspca commericals with the sad animals  i can't addopt all of them   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"i am intoxicated right now, but i'm with my best freinds in the world  smile     time for bed "
"big boy breakfast! justice team, assemble!"
two days and nights of good times and video games with my friends  time to catch up on some sleep 
its biggest skeptic just became its biggest fan  avatar is the best movie i have ever seen 
"woke up this morning, depressed he wasn't surrounded by floating mountains, glowing plants, and really hot blue alien chicks "
home from <propfemale> arbor and already can't wait to go back  best new years ever!
i really need to stop staying up so late 
"planning a dinner at 6 or so at like the owl or something  everyone is invited, let me know if you wanna go "
just got back from sledding  i feel like i got hit by a truck   
anyone wanna do something? not involving physical activity   
"last day in town, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
"in sault ste  <propfemale>, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
ready to go home  only 4 more weeks 
might be more like 7 weeks until im home   
"work, class, hokey game, wal-mart, grilled cheese on the <propfirst> foreman for the roommates and the party girls  successful day "
i misss my alpena friends
"ok facebook friends, i need help  i am sick of my music on my ipod, and since i love you all so much i am requesting one song from each of you to add to my music library  no country please "
everything is going to be alright 
just got one of the best massages of my life  i owe you one <propfemale> 
exhausted from search and rescue and dragging firefighters around for 3 hours  most fun i've had in class since i came here 
ready for summer 
"be nice to me, i gave blood today "
go to urbandictionary com to look up the meaning of your name  then copy this in your status and post the definition in the comments 
first 9 hour shift of clinicals sucked 
"brb, canada "
"got a round trip ticket to dreamland  the return flight is tomorrow morning  gate 143, can't wait to see you when i get back "
on my way home 
made it home  smile 
at cabin creek  come <propfemale> out with me 
"well, i guess i'd better get back up to lssu   "
had one of the best weekends in a long time  can't wait for spring break 
bored  anyone wanna come visit me?
in alpena
i miss you so much mom  i'll always love you 
i just wanted to say thank you to everyone who has kept my family in their thoughts and prayers over the past few days  it means the world to us 
made it home 
just hanging out at cabin creek 
spring break isn't fun when no one else is on break with you 
dreamin' of the osaka sun 
"8 hours of clinicals, hope it goes by fast"
"class outside on a beautiful sunday afternoon? sure, why not "
homework and laundry both completed at the same time  -mission accomplished-
can't decide between converse hi-tops or low-tops  what do all of you think?
wtf is wrong with my country!
what lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared  to what lies within us
thank you so much to everyone for the birthday wishes! i had an amazing 21st!
looking for something new
first live fire training today was awesome  laugh 
"in alpena, just hanging out "
can't wait for summer vacation 
"be nice to me, i gave blood today "
"brb, clinicals"
"brb, more clinicals  then alpena  laugh "
2 a m  home
only as much as i dream can i be
"last clinical shift tonight, midnight to noon  it's cool i got this "
couldn't save them all 
passed my e m t  practical!
can't wait to get home  70 hours to go 
last final  state firefighter certification  12 stations  8 hours  lets do this 
"finally gets to go home, as a firefighter "
new climbing shoes=happiness
wishes he had a rock wall climbing partner 
wishes he a had a running partner 
everyone has to have a passion  mine just happens to be somewhere else 
had a most excellent day hanging out with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> lahaie and seeing tons of people i missed 
anyone going to lake superior state university next year and is looking for a roommate let me know!
took 1st place for the 20-29 year old bracket at my mom's 5k!
had the most perfect night 
"quite possibly, the best weekend ever "
now with a whiter and brighter smile!
wishing for a running partner   
"and i will continue to endure what life throws at me, because my breaking point isn't even in sight "
considering all hangout ideas for the evening 
"skinny dipping in long lake during fireworks, mission accomplished "
left some skin back on that rock wall    good thing i wont be needing to use my ring finger anytime soon
5k tomorrow morning  someone should come run it with me  laugh 
had a most excellent day and night with the best people in the world 
had the best 4th of july since 1776 
would like to see where this new path takes me 
"is exhauseted, but passed my physical agility test at the fire department "
"sitting down to the most epic sporting event in 4 years, fifa 2010 world cup!! go spain!!!"
"be nice to me, i gave blood today!"
is in desperate need of a roommate for school this year! let me know if you wanna like live with me and stuff 
beyond ready for this weekend 
loves feeling those butterflies 
is one lucky guy 
"had an amazing night with <propfemale> <propmale>, who looked absolutely gorgeous if i do say so myself ?"
time to go lay out by the pool    like a boss 
so glad i got to spend time with my girlfriend today! i loved every minute  smile 
lets <propfemale> out 
has had better days 
lets go do something amazing
last day in town  lets do something!
"christ almighty, where the hell did my summer go?"
"i like shorts, they're comfy and easy to wear ?"
strawberry yogurt+freezer=my only defense against this heat 
a toast! to new friends and new adventures!
blink-182 and writing letters 
home for the 4 day weekend 
there is a way to be good again 
"just had the best tea ever  flown in from palestine and made by a palestinian  that's how i drink my tea, like a boss "
don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the <propfemale> 
"whoa! i'm all like, in alpena and stuff   "
time to go north    two weeks won't go by fast enough 
"be nice to me, i gave blood today "
"ahhhh, what a great day to clean out my friends lists with everyone's football loyalty displayed on their statuses! state fans     delete   laugh "
"father time, here is 9 dollars  it's all i've got in my wallet  can you please make it the weekend now?"
back in alpena 
"training tomorrow morning, then a most excellent weekend "
"good three hours of training this morning, especially after only 3 hours of sleep  ready for a night of epic proportions "
well that was one hell of a weekend 
losing my damn mind 
needs to go overseas for a while 
iron chef
"gonna be in alpena this weekend  if anyone wants to <propfemale> out or knows of any halloween parties, let me know!"
in alpena  lets <propfemale> out 
feels old   
back to the north 
you can't run 
"remember, remember, the 5th of november   "
no rest for the weary
went to wal-mart with only 35 bucks in my pocket  walked out with all the groceries i needed  total: $34 50  didn't even break a sweat 
days gone bye
studying for the nremt exam  nervous? completely 
"dear imogen heap,\lets face it, we were made for each other  we should probably go get married right now  \love, <propmale>"
survived the drive 
"be nice to me, i gave blood today  laugh "
i need to get off of this continent 
"wake up this morning annoyed \anchorage, alaska, 1 degree above 0\sault sainte <propfemale>, michigan, 21 degrees below 0\\sweet   "
ready for a long relaxing drive home with nothing but my satellite radio 
just hanging out at home 
is officially a licensed emt! perfect early christmas present 
bye alpena   
all moved in to my cozy new room! and my laptop is finally back with its master  laugh 
has a very hard time saying no 
"i cannot seem to operate,\and you, my love, are gone "
"when life hands you: high fructose corn syrup, citric acid, ascorbic acid, maltodextrin, sodium acid pyrophosphate, magnesium oxide, calcium fumarate, yellow 5, tocopherol, and less than 2% natural flavors   \\make lemonade"
you are the product of 4 6 billion years of evolutionary success  it's time to start living up to it 
going home for the weekend  smile 
anyone wanna do something?
"if anyone out there is selling an ipod, zune, or whatever, let me know "
wishes his life was more like an angels and airwaves album 
getting mail makes my entire day  smile 
is not attending snowpocalypse 2011
"be nice to me, i gave blood today!"
can't wait to be home  6 hours to go 
home for the weekend  laugh 
"9 hours of training, transports, and run reports    time to chill "
i want to get on with getting on with things 
"for a long time, i've been wanting to leave, for an even longer time "
"for those who believed in me,\when i no longer believed in myself \for those who swept the darkness from my face with a smile \for those who exchanged my burdens for their heartfelt joy,\and never sought a better bargain \for those whose love and laughter gave me wings,\and a blue sky \for those i cannot thank enough,\in this life or the next \\for my friends and family \you mean the world to me "
"staring at half-written letters in my hands, and heartfelt letters on my wall "
what would you try if you had no fear?
