42ac9c038da2aec48f2beadd5cae8893
fireworks can get very annoying   lol
happy new year!!!!!  joyful 
i think falls apart by thousand foot krutch is a cool video song
omg!!!! i had a mango venom today and it was awesomeness!!!
"i found this quote and thought it was aawesome--> duct tape is like the force: it has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the world together    joyful "
had bacon!!!  smile 
put some purple sharpie in my hair cause i felt like it  joyful 
is excited for the 1st day of her senior year on monday!!!
"my locker wont open and all of my books r in it!!! i got it open once, but i cant get it open anymore!!"
decided to dance while cooking dinner and wound up making a big mess!!  laugh 
already had a party the 1st week of school!!!!  joyful 
im a senoir and i have a class with my freshman lil brother!!!!
we finally had a smart sub who didnt let my class go at the 5 <propfemale> <propfemale>
school starts way too early!!!
muahahahahaha i totally had a double chocolate chip cookie for breakfast!!
"is at the gym right now   and since there is no school on monday, teachers decided to give us enough homework that day as well  t t"
"im gonna drop pre cal honors    and probably replace it with an <propmale> or something, i dont need the credit anyways   i was just taking it for fun"
is developing symptoms of chronic boredom     smile 
went a whole day without runnung into anything!!!!!!  laugh 
"my mom cleaned my room, and now i can't find anything!!! t t"
grrr!!! my computer wont let me use the little chat thing   it wont enter!!! idk wats wrong!!
hey pplz!!! pls pray for <propmale> cause in about a month or so he will b having his open heart surgery    thnx
"please pray for <propmale>, because he will be going in for his heart surgey in about a month     thanks"
homecoming saturday night!!!! wohoooooo  laugh 
im gonna get my homecoming dress on and finish getting ready!!!  laugh 
"really loves her theatre class, and is even part of the crew for the upcoming play!!!"
omg!! the play starts 2morrow and we r not done with the set!! i am rlly freaking out right now!!
"found out she might b in arkansas the 9, 10, and 11th for a family reunion thing"
is totally excited because im gonna b in arkansas this weekend!!!!
so excited that she is going 2 jonesboro that she cant even sleep!!
"had an amazingness time in arkansas, but is still rlly tired    2 much time spent in a car    laugh "
happy halloween!!!!  laugh 
rawr     laugh 
listenin to music    jupin around my room like im crazy     and lovin every minute of it    live life and dont wonder wat people will think cause u shouldnt have to pretend for anyone
ate soooo much food yesterday that i still dont want to move
people may tell u who ur supposed to be   but they can never tell u who u r
it snowed!!!!
"this time of the year things may get stressfull,  but just dont forget to breath( thats kind of important)  joyful "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
noooooooooooooooo   i have to go back to school    t t
is ready for school to hurry up so she can finally graduate!!! go class of 2010!!!!!!  joyful 
is officially frustrated because my 750 piece puzzle that i had finally finished was  destroyed!!!!!!!!!!!
hates when u go to look 4 something and u cant find it then later u r looking for something else and u find wat u needed earlier!
is excited that i have a painting that is being put in a competition    the only problem is that ill have to get up on a staurday     
hmmmm   im thinking      chocolate    sounds good to me  laugh 
so far my spring break is boring!!! plus i have to have all 4 wisdom teeth pulled on friday!!! ):
dancing for no reason while no one is watching is fun and relieves stress  joyful 
 smile  ¡¡p??u?1?? ??? no? u?op ?p?sdn ?? bu?u?n? ?no????  s??? p??? u?? n ??
is nervous cause i get all four of my widom teeth pulled 2morrow morning  tt tt
???n? ?sdo?
"just keep smiling even if ur not ok, cause if u cry they'll think they've won"
it's time to play 'name that song' this is the begining of the song- is there anybody out there?  that wakes up with a bitter taste? it’s a <propmale> that we put up there and he's a short way to fall from grace it's slowly failing upward  you can step but you have no ground  i hear it from the lost words  they say its time that you lost your crown 
senior picnic!!!! im so excited ^ ^ ok on another note i have a question for anyone who wants to answer it   ready?    ok    when is ur b-day and wat is ur fav color?
baked potatoes r yummy  laugh 
i gotz a haircut   it tis b all chopped off  smile 
i have internet again!!!!!!
mmmmm    cookies n' cream my fav ice cream ever!!!!
had a drivers <propmale> drive today and almost rear-end<propmale> someone t t
i have a watercolor painting in the <propmale> festival on sat at kingwood college smile 
"even if i say it'll be alright, still i hear u say u want to end ur life, now and again we try to just stay alive, baby we'll turn it all around cause it's not too late, its never too late"
wat if i dont care anymore and just walked away   would u even notice im gone
all in all had an ok day   could've been better but also could've been worse
is sick  sad 
wants cold coffee for some reason   but oh well  smile 
i go outside only to get attacked by my mom with the hose     lol
seniors wear ur cap 2morrow and a senior shirt!! pass it on!!!!!
chillin with my bestie cause were just that awesome!  smile 
chronic boredom can really mess ppl up  lol
read kite runner cause i felt like it and it was pretty good   now really bored
goin to some drag races 2day  smile 
goin to the beach  smile 
thnx 4 all the bday wishes!!! love u all and goodnight  smile 
work is     interesting today  smile 
thinks its kinda funny how 1 thing can effect ur whole day   good or bad
1 more class then its the weekend!!!!!!!  smile 
i'm spectacular!! ^-^  love 
it is getting way too cold for my taste  annoyed 
smile   its contagious  smile  <batwoman>
