97f4b10ae1d5e30bf9e6a3b73f6ffad0
ho-hum   break in 2 1 2 days   
dont need limewire   this stuff is from a website   no downloading software   
needs to stop having a convo with her status   
attention everyone who is taking ap chem!!!!!  i need a book!!!!!  i dont have one and i need it to do the assignment!!!  please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"thank you <propfirst> hitchcock for letting me know of this awesomeness   no thanks to those buttheads ( <propfirst> mainhart, <propfirst> c  medak, <propfemale> mccain, etc )  who never sent me an invitation   "
anyone have skype? add me   username is missymannequin   
playing wow   
is tired   but can't fall asleep   
working on the sonnet for ap lit   im all ready to look like <propfirst> hood and <propfirst> pan   
of montreal is on yo gabba gabba   this is officially the best kids show ever!!!!!!!!
r i p  <propfirst> haim   what is this world coming too?
so far this year my life has been going to shit   hopefully with the steps i am taking it will all get better   soon   
is stressed and doesnt know when will it stop   
saw a a guy sagging yesterday   and totally realized that sagging is not gansta friendly   what a shame   
"on the way to tresvant, tennessee   after we fix the blowout we just had on the new bridge that is   "
finally back from the middle of nowhere   
is so close to giving up   just praying to the gods that those few people in power here dont make the decision for me   
my mom is about to go crazy on mr  inmon tomorrow!!!!! it's going to be his fault to since he can't take the time to actually talk to me   now he has to deal with my mother   (and a certain other bitch-ass teacher is going to get an earful)
haha   just got home from school   sorry to all of you guys who missed me   i told you i had problems   
r i p baby artemis   2 week old kitten   
is listening to glee songs   
dizzy gillespie   thats all you need to know   
my backpacks got jets  i'm boba the fette   i'm bounty hunting for jabba hut to finance my vette   wicka wicka wicka   
<propfemale> parody by the midnight beast   epic   go look it up   possibly one of the coolest things coming out of england right now besides dubstep   
just got back from working out at anytime fitness   if anyone wants to join me in a workout just let me know! im always up there   
feels so lonely   like everyones ignoring me   
is so bored   i need someone to talk to   
watching riliegh   trying to look for that damn sketchbook   i need those clothes sketches!!!
just got back from dropping <propmale> off at work   the first night in the new house turned out great!!!
bored   someone text me or something   870-270-0474   
does anyone know of any places hiring right now?
