278dc1dbb79a03b2438d4fa29092b8c4
is bored already    this is going to be a fun summer    
is thinking that life sucks balls  total big balls  lame 
hates it when creepy people stare at you as you walk through town   
just got questamation  it is amazazazazing!!!!!
finished her book yesterday    is now incredibly bored and can't decide what to do    
loves the thunder and lightening   smile 
totally got to go see <propmale> potter last night     
is most definitely sunburned     
"is a horrible, horrible person  please excuse me while i go punch myself in the face  repeatedly "
says: fml 
ow 
doesn't know what to do with the day    
is finally almost starting to look normal again    
there was totally a fire at my apartment complex tonight   no joke 
is going to go take a nap 
fml 
just recently discovered <propfirst>  great album 
"loves listening to \low\"" being screamed    an interesting e playful erience    """
is going to go play spore 
made cake last night  yum   playful 
made cookies last night and they're already all gone      playful 
is going to go check the mail     
's cat is high out of his mind right now    
is listening to the glee soundtrack right now since i can't watch the show      sad 
has a big big big secret that she can't tell anyone yet!
is determined to grow her hair out    
fml 
bleh!  smile 
"is wondering: \why the hell am i up this early?!\"""""
ohmygod!!!! avatar was uh-mazing!
black!  wink 
is getting ready to go to auditions     thank god  it's been far too long since i've audtitioned and or been in anything    
thinks this whole living alone thing is bullshit    
"stop right now, thank you very much, i need someone with the human touch      hahaha "
has really gotta stop staying up so late   
should prolly start packing her shit up    
ah jesus     
finally got the internet to work on her computer at her new house!!! yay!
dun dun dun!!!
hates it when things take forever to download    
"everyone should come see <propmale> on thursday and saturday at 7 smile 0, friday and sunday at 2 surprise 0 at pc!"
is going to be doing something incredibly nerdy embarrassing tonight   
is excited!  laugh 
oh rabbits     
has awesome new hair!
is adding more purple to her hair   laugh 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 
"i wish that you were my lollipop  sweet things, i will never get enough "
is so excited about glee tonight!!!!!!
"really, really wants to be <propfemale> in <propfemale>'s play    "
is <propfemale>! fricken stoked!
is terrible at painting her own nails    
just watched the lovely bones     
sing off  parking lot  5 o'clock  be there 
just loves babysitting on a friday night  favorite way to start the weekend 
"was on the ferry today, saw one of the captains who looked a lot like <propfirst>, but spoke like an asian! crazy!"
+wine+by herself=not a very good combination     
that boy is a monster!!!!!
loves feeling nauseated all day     
time to go watch the new episode of glee! missed the episode last night  thank god for hulu!
is working on her resume    lame sauce 
has come to the conclusion that she wants a polar bear cub for her birthday     
thinks that life occasionally blows   
loves the random things that pop up on her ipod  this time: sk8er boi   
is very confused and completely baffled as to what she should do     
"is <propfemale> excited for glee tonight!!! yeah, gaga!"
needs to get outta this town!
is wondering why the hell this is the third or fourth morning in a row in which she has woken up before 7 surprise 0 am    without an alarm 
is 
really wants to go to the game farm right now for some reason     
is mildly sunburned right now  lame!
"has a much better outlook on life in general now this afternoon, compared to this morning     "
it's official! i am moving to england in the beginning of august!
is trying to decide if she made a mistake today or not    
doesn't know what to do tonight  more than likely it will consist of nothing    
spends wayyy more time on facebook drunk than sober    
holy shit 
just bought her plane ticket! woot!
"11 days people, 11 days!!"
has three pretty important things to announce: 1  i got my lip pierced yesterday  2  i got my first tattoo today  3  i am leaving in less than a week!
"thinks that <propfemale> bohac, <propfemale> barnett, and <propfemale> barnett are amazing!!!!"
should be packing instead of facebooking    
"is back from england already  if you wanna know why, read my note  everything is e playful lained in there so i don't have to e playful lain it anymore    "
is in pullman after four days in hood river   then a day or two after she gets back is going to vegas for a week    soooooooo much fucking traveling    
is in vegas finally!
just happened to be laughing really hard and managed to throw her head back and slam it into the wall     this proves that i am in fact a winner 
is going stargazing tonight!
can only stay on facebook and stalk people for so long     
"hates it when you make semi-plans with someone the day before, and then when you text them to see if it's still even happening, and they never respond  especially when you decide to look cute that day "
looked super cute today and the only people who got to enjoy it was my mom and ginger     it felt incredibly pointless 
"it's friday night, and i'm on facebook  this is how winners spend their friday nights "
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 
loves looking at old pictures on here and reading all the comments  it's very entertaining   
is determined to finish watching the rest of glee with <propfemale> <propmale> before the premier on tuesday night 
can't think of what to put here at the moment     
just woke up from a three and a half hour nap   apparently i was more tired than i thought i was    
is sooooo excited for the britany brittney episode of glee next week!!!! ohmygod!
is 
has an interview tomorrow at 11!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got the job  now she just needs to go and take the ua tomorrow morning 
wants your mom 
"don't be a little bitch with your chit chat, just show me where your dicks at "
finally has internet at the house!!!!!
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit 
"what do you call a gay dinosaur?\mega-saur-ass!"
is trying to figure out why my mother's computer is being so retarded 
"was contemplating being a vindictive bitch, but has decided it would be better if she just didn't    "
confusing confusion  tryin to get shit figured out                    
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 
loves her little wifey soooooo much!!!! she spoils like you wouldn't believe!
why does the internet have to be running so slow today?
mmmmmmmm  i love me some nog   smile 
is feeling mildly depressed for some reason   
snoooooooowwwwwww!
"okay, so i'm not a girl not yet a woman popped up on my ipod  gotta admit, i really couldn't resist power fisting throughout the whole thing    awesome, i know "
more snooooooooooowwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!
is trying to figure out where all of this snow is coming from   
finally got her computer back!!!! i forgot how much i missed this thing    
stupid stupid stupidness 
is pretty sure that the land before time has some very racist connotations in the beginning of it 
is starting to get a little pissed off 
is at the new house  just gotta move my bed and the rest of my clothes 
is finally getting to really check her facebook  it's been a while 
is listening to music rather loudly so she doesn't have to deal with listening to her roomates  gross!
is pretty excited about tomorrow  possibly the reason that sleep just isn't happening? i think so 
didn't get much sleep last night  he might actually be perfect   
gush gush gush gush guuuuuush!!!!!
finally everything is just starting to feel   right 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!
lets see how creative my facebook friends are   leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name   it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post a word and not copy   that's no fun 
has discovered that she loves 30 rock 
is pretty sure that captain planet is the reason for her inner hippie 
snooooooowwwww!!!!
"has anyone's \memorable stories\"" popped up on the sidebar? i'm only now beginning to realize how lame i am    sad day   """
has an interview tomorrow!!!
wine headache  yaaaay   sad 
one more year  only one!
got the job!!!!
has the house all to herself tonight     
thinks that everyone should come to through the woods tonight at 7 smile 0 at the college 
thinks it may be time for some more assassins creed   
is sick of the goddamn fucking bullshit  sick of the lies 
"is wondering what happened to platonic friendships  seriously, why is it that, if you're single and a friend of the opposite sex wants to <propfemale> out, they try to have sex with you? can't you just <propfemale> out, to <propfemale> out?"
is wondering how it's possible to spend so much time on reddit     ridiculous   
