94e4ef2b37fb6bb83b384ea001b4bcea
happy new year everybody! im gonna go to sleep after partying hard wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i fell like a freakin ninja turtle!!!! playful *
wishin everyone a nerry christmas and a happy new year yours truely jolly man <propfirst> ho ho ho
gonna party all night! message me if you will too ha ha ha!!!
who killed <propmale> rabbit crazy red eyed cartoon with sqeecky voice crazy hair and dies by his creation
 crying   sad   annoyed   playful 
"if u could wish for anything what would u wish 4 me i would wish 4 everything to be the same because i love my life just the way it is and wouldnt give it up for anything evin for $1,000,000,000,000 i just want nutn to happen to anything or anybody  message me and tell me what you would wish for givin the <propmale> "
might be movin to texas at the end of the school year i dont know why and beerfest is cool and i love pratt kansas and i love every body that i know and wish the best for all of them!!!
"\misery love's company\"" sad   sad   sad   sad   sad  : smile '("""
i feel like a freaking ninja!!!!! wink 
"\if we all died today what would happen tomarrow\"""""
wats your ninty nine?
ima gonna be sad 4ever now cuz im movin 2 texas 4 real at end of school year
ima fallin asleep 2 rain noises
chico's taco's
ima just hangin with a huge monkey
my hair used to be really long
herrow im yerrow just rike <propmale> shimshon
go cops
"\missery loves company\"": smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile ("""
"\justin biebers a fagot fagot fagot fa fa fa fagot fagot fagot ur just a fagot jb\"" ha ha ha  playful """
i am really tired
im still really tired
life is a fable
i gota new game
im a banana!!!!!!!!
goin 2 wichita 2marrow oh boy!!!!!!!!!!
i love everything and everyone 
ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm                      im really *bored*
yawn
dogs are fun
i domt like to hurt peoples feelings
"i whant 2 go back when everything was fun,worry free,peacful,and lively   what's happend to our country and our nation?"
"\why can't we just go back there\"""""
i kinda feel like crap?
still kinda feel like crap???
im bored!!!!!!
i hate mondays
i hate mondays
hell surprise 
i can ride my bike with no handle bars!!!!!
"tisk tisk tisk\i just saw the due date"
gonna be at the lake on the island in the middle near the end come on out and join if you can  smile 
i can ride a buffalo on water
if youra freakin crazed person put this on your wall
i am a annoying person like this if you think so too 
i made a random cake today and it hasnt been iced sprinkeled on or pink sugered or even sliced for anybody to eat anyone want to help finish it??? message me if yes like if no 
the cake is finished
what to do tuesday         ?
i like to have friends and i dont care if they dont like me or talk behind my back or dont have a care in the world about anything or anyone as long as im there friend in my eyes and my heart because i try to make as many friends as possible and if i sometimes apear as annoying its only because im trying to earn your respect and friendship and im trying my best to make you smile but sometimes i dont know when to stop so if it comes to that just tell me im not trying to be mean
ima gotto sleep for a little wile brb
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
goodnight
would i be a good comedian???
scale of one to ten howed i be as a comedian
howed i do if i weere a comedian 1 to 10
i want to golf who knows a good spot
goodnight everybodt
i think im going to log off forever or at least for a very long time
"never mind that last comment \i made it into pratt high singers!!! yaaaaay!"
today feel's just like yesterday except i have nothing to do i do have to get somthing though       
"day's pass,people pass,relationships never pass because if they love each other it is unbreakable and last's forever but only if they truely love echother"
"i am going to bed\goodnight "
voglio realmente appena fin qui <propfemale> donne che e divertemento pazzo <propmale> ha cappelli <propfemale> message me if you know who or what i was talking about or what i said
really bored excited for moviies though
is dissapointed
foshizzle movie theatre
noshizzle movie theatre and to everybody who went there im sorry i couldnt give a ride
i have family   i have friends   i have best friends   i have a crush   i know some italian   and i am not so bad at alot of other things 
yay for movies the movie night tonight is onnnnn whooooooooo!!!!!
"goodnight rebel's goodnight hate goodnight to the damn decievers while i say goodnight you say messed up things,party,have sex,tell lies,turn people in the wrong direction,getting mad because you dont want somone with somebody so you make one feel bad while the other is getting told lies by their best friends so to all of you i say goodnight and good luck"
i was out and about today and everything was happy and fine no one hated anybody no one was sad everyone was kind and would lend a hand to any one in need even if it were the smallest thing but then i woke up it was 5a m and i realized that we all live in this place where we all are drones to life's fucked up story that we call life and so i went back to sleep and dreamed the the sad lie i wish i were living 
i guess i just felt like i wanted to feel alone and apart from the crowed just sit to the side for a little while not harming any one emotionally not interfiering with any one's life i guess i just wanted some one to talk to but i guess i just cant anymore im sorry
