5a6a412f8333de957e66cacd2aefe480
i got a new watch
inbox only: tell me something you have always wanted to say to me  stays between us  put this as your status and see what responses you get 
oh no i cant txt
inbox only: tell me something you've always wanted to say to me (or ask me)  stays between us  put this as your status and see what responses you get 
someone bring me some foodd!!!
dam no syrup! time to put jelly on these chocolate chip waffles
hy in god's name do i awaken to the sounds of beating drums only to find theres a goddamn parade in front of my house????!?!
seriously?? this parade is back this is gettin rediculous
oh shit i think that mountain dew is hurtin my stomach again
how many squirrels must die for you to look fly???!!!
im so wet that when dat truck splashed me i didnt get any wetter!
took a 14 minute nap at the bus stop woke up refreshed as hell!
"the turnstiles on da train finally have instructions how to use ur transfer \insert and remove\"""""
i f***ing hate thanksgiving!
"as much as i play with fire, ironically i burn myself with water!"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight \against child abuse; copy & paste to your status and invite your \friends to do the same  smile "
finally finished paintin that goddamn bathroom
write it down! take a picture! i don't give a fuck!!!!!
are you my frenemy?
sooooooooooooo bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck a mixtape!!!
someone should come visit me cause im bored and lazy!
wat the hell?!?! facebook just autoupdated my profile!
fafsa and <propmale> haue formed an alliance simply to fuck me in the ass!
why is there bacardi in my refridgerator?
e playful onential decay increasing at an e playful onentially decreasing rate which is increasing at an e playful onential rate
who wants to help me write an essay tomorow??
need something to do and fast
lol i guess im the only one who was eatin at stake n shake instead of watchin the superbowl
anyone know how to submit a document thru blackboard???
bored
?????
bored!!
finally got a new phone so all u guys who hated on my old phone can go suck it!
 laugh 
fuck that essay time for fire emblem
