ef861c279280012d025653c71df5e286
"some weird creepy happy smiley rude lady is going through our \antiques\"" and my mom is to busy to deal with me and my teenage problems  even though to me they're a huge friggin deal  i have to play with the highschool band tonight  my mood? unloved  sad """
la ti da -sigh- im just chilling at the moment
"rip <propmale>, you were way to young for this to happen to you  but maybe you were needed somewhere else  nice to everyone, and a friend to many  rest and know that all of us miss you, even people who didn't know you that well "
"made a memorial video for <propmale>  youtube's processing it, as soon as it's done i'll post it guys "
lmao!!!!! <propfirst>!!! you have your own <propfemale>!!!!!! i want one i want one!!!!! lucky i feel left out  sad  and <propfemale> i can not beleive you made her a fan club  dork 
"it's summer  not sure how i feel about summer right now  going to krazy klides tommorow with drake mrs michelle and my brother  today drake, mrs michelle, maddix(yea i know probably didnt spell it right) and someone named <propmale> and his lil sis are all going to the lagoon here  joyful  it's going to be fun  laugh  right now listening to lost! by coldplay and i'm waiting for the late risers to wake up  ily mom!"
"change of plans,we're going to krazy klides today because is stormyishh lol should still be fun"
me-don't throw the ball at me!!! andy-just catch it!! me-*epic failurte at catching then is hit in head with football* *drake and <propmale> fall down laughing* i now have a bruise on my forehead  -_- and then drake-what are you doing? maddix-running! drake-run faster!!! yeaaa imma stick to video tapeing from now on     stupid balls  if anyone makes a perverted comment  i will hurt you  just shhhhh  i know 
"im here, and i love it, i'll post pics later   smile  my room is huge, and i have my own balcony  smile "
"i uploaded new pix sooo family, friends ect check them out"
wishing everyone would wake up     i got places 2 b tonight and i cant stay on facebook all day i' ve been on for 4 hours  it's now 3:24 p m  i wanna go to the mall and go swimming  sad  wake up everyone sheesh  sorry im in a differen time zone but still wakeky wakey!!!
"my brother just broke my armored blinds -_- im going to kill him, although i got a good laugh out of how they almost crushed him to death and because he cried  smile  serves him right  comeing in my room like he owns it and going out on my balcony "
"hiiii people, it's 1 minute from 1 am here -_- me no sleepy"
"it was only three years ago, but i feel like i've gained so much wisdom and age since that night  i feel like an old woman now compared to then  it's quite sad     all of these pictures are old, and when i look at them i feel sad, yet happy that they happened at all  they're good memories, just ones that i wish i could relive  one's that i never want to let go of \"",2010-06-18 22 smile 4:27""",ef861c279280012d025653c71df5e286,"the wind is blowing ard here, we're haveing a bad sandstorm, you can barely, if at all, see anything outside  and i can here the wind through the walls   "
uploading more pictures!!  smile 
"i've got something to say, and it's to long to write here so imma put it in a note "
"first person who likes this status, i will put their last name as mine for a \week  put this on your status and see who's last name you'll have!"
"ugh! i'm so annoyed! i'm so scared that once i get to highschool my whole world is going to come crashing down  part of it already has and that was just 8th grade, how much will highschool tear out of my soul and my heart?!? how many more friends will i lose?!? mom, get on, if the oil is in florida im thinking i might as well stay here a lil longer "
and i have no one to talk too! ughhhhhhhh!!!!!
"sorry i haven't been on, i've been a little busy "
i'm thinking about redecorating my room when i get home       pretty sure i will actually    
"i think i may get my cartilage pierced left ear twice     maybe      i'll see  i've wated a second and third ear piercing for a while and the friends i've talked to who had it done say it doesn't hurt to bad, and the risks are alot lower when they use a needle instead of a gun  plus the healing time is the usual  3-6 month  maybe    talk to the rents about it first"
"oops, correct terminology for an ear cartilage piercing is a helix  and btw i am not under any circumstances getting an industrial thank you very much  -sigh- hopeully my mom will aggree  not that big a deal though    "
"it's to bad it's to bad it's to late so wrong so long  ok i gonna gt some sleep now night night, actually its amost 5 am but still "
"be back in 10 minutes, ipromise"
going swimming  i'm going down down baby yo' street in a range rover     kk talk to yall later if the interent will work -_-
"ok, no one on here who i feel like talkin too, soooo night night "
"<propfemale> oh, you've screaming again, you've been screamin again  i see i see the hurt in your eyes, the hurt in your eyes, dont let the track marks in your arms speak more loudly than you heart evrybody knows that you've been so lost, you find yourself on the edge of earth  i still beleive it's true, ohhhh oohhhhoh oh oh, letting go is all we need to do, and find your heart      "
"i dont mind spending everyday, out on your corner in the pouring rain look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while   "
 smile  i just blocked my brother  smile  i feel better 
trying to figure out what the heck i'm going to wear on the first day of highschool
"i woke up and i do not feel like p diddy  and hell no i'm not from this city when i leave brush my teeth with a bottle of water, cuz alcohol aint aloud in this muslim filled town -__- it's 1 pm and i just woke up "
"my tummy hurts from laughing so hard  sad  but i guess that's a good thing, it's 12 am!! yayy!!"
"i wont cry, it'll be fine take a last breath push it out until theres nothing left "
it's just one of those days when you dont wanna wake up everything is ____ and everyone sucks!! you dont really know why but you wanna justify ripping someones head off  your best bet is to just stay away mother _____ or you'll be leavin witha a fat lip  it's all about the he said she said bullshit  soooo true 
"going to sleep -_- <propfemale> is sprawled half way across my bed  -_- -sigh- wishing my friends would get online so i could talk to them       anyways, talk to you all tommorrow "
ok people  it's 2:17 am  i'm awake  i'm waiting for people to get the hell on 
"saying poke me if u ever had a crush on me  like this status if u think\im a good friend  inbox me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  \comment on this if we have had good memories,now lets see who's brave\enough to copy and paste this on their status"
"i have purple streaks in my hair, and i'm wearing green contacts, i look like a completely different person"
"it's earlyyyyy, but i'm haveing fun, so it's all good  smile "
listening to tech n9ne
morninggggg been hanging out with <propfemale> and midge lmao i am the butane killer  laugh 
listening to tech n9ne's caribou <propfirst>
fml 
"in my eyes, in disposed,in disguise:as no one knows\hides the face lies \the snake, the sun \in my disgrace\boiling heat, summer stench\'neath the black\the sky looks dead\call my name\through the cream\and i'll hear you\scream again\black hole sun\won't you come\and wash away the rain black hole sun\won't you come\won't you come\stuttering\cold and damp\steal the warm wind\tired friend\times are gone\for honest men"
"thinking about doing something tommorow     went out and saw eclipse with <propfemale> cloe <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale>, rommie, tk, and a few others whose names i can't remember  annoyed  was quite fun, although i hate my new nickname  thanks <propfemale> and rommie for that "
only 12 more days  crying 
i'm exstremely happy
"going to avenues tonight, then coming home  probably going to stay in for this weekend "
"oi, look  people dont take things that far, then say they're not serious  i won't back down from a fight  but i don't want to deal with more bs  so just leave me alone and we're good  i'll be home next week -sigh- this sucks "
wont be on for the rest of the night  annoyed  realllllly annoyed 
 smile   smile  i  love  my rooftop  so peacefull and you can see everything 
"what's on my mind? wellll let's not go there  a lot  listening to i almost told you that i love you by papa roach, talking to midge, thinking  midge youseff hanging out today?(?) dunno  w e    kk shutting up now "
its midge im wondeing why im doing this comment but i love  <propfemale> and every1 else and and idk what say comment and tell what i should type
"people think i'm being bitchy, unreasonable, and cruel        am i? i don't know anymore      i don't know anything anymore     "
i leave at 11 smile 0 pm tonight       yay? hahahahhaha  no way  hope it's an easy trip 
"omg omg omg!!! i'm actually packing!!!! mehhhh, going to get some contacts today, see the kuwait towers, <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and then cry my eyes out  i have to do all this before i get on that plane  and i don't want to leave  sad ((((  heart-broken "
i have found one of the best techno house band everrrrrr  their music is awesomeeeee
"leaving at 11 smile 0 i was packing and i kept seeing little tear drops on my stuff, and that's when i realized i was crying        heart-broken "
ahhahahahha yayyyyyy im not coming home for another week!!!!! and i got somethin to say to all of you but to long to post it hereso gimme a second
"i will not have anyone else try to tell me who i am, who i should be, who i used to be,what i should do, and what i should say  ever  not until you've been here  not until you all accept me  i won't bow down to your wills  i'm stronger then that  you all should know this too by now  listening to tell them she's not scared by envy on the coast  perfect song for how i feel "
"my head hurts, my arms hurt, my neck hurts, my stomach hurts  i don't feel good  sad "
"well you are the one that lies close to me, whispers hello i miss you quite terribly  i fell in love in love with you suddenly, now theres nowhere else i could be but here in your arms i  love  this song "
brb every 1
i did my makeup so that i matched my zodiac sign  laugh  it looks aazzinnn  laugh   love  i'll post pix later
omg <propfemale> has pix of us from 8th grade graduation  laugh  i  love  you for this  love 
"nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i leave tonight, freshmen orientation is on august the 10th i don't want to leave, i have to go school shopping, i'm planning on spending a weekend at my mom's mom's house, and almost all of my friends are trying to find a day we can <propfemale> out  then simutaneously two of them pick the same day  oiiii!  i shall have no time to relax and chill before school starts -_-"
"doing something a lil crazy, lets hope my hair doesn't turn orange     "
omg i just dyed mah hair blond  laugh  omggg
"don't know what's going on don't know what went wrong feels like a hundred years i still can't believe you're gone so, i'll stay up all night\with these bloodshot eyes while these walls surround me with the story of our life     "
"reading a book called the lies of locke lamora, it sounds fantastic, and so far it's amazing  i've heard alot of good things about the author, so when i saw the article posted about this book on mookychick i decided to read it "
"move in now move out! hands up now hands down back up back up tell me what you're gonna do now breath in now breath out  the lyrics aren't supposed to be meaningfull  they're supposed to draw out emotions  rollin= kick someone's but and keep movin on  my way= well, simple  let me get my way, or leave  i  love  this band because they're so obnoxious "
"going bowling and out to eat tonight, should be fun, but could end up being disasterous         smile  we shall see"
rawr?
 surprise  haven't slept yet  orientatiom  do our parents have 2 come? mine are just dropping me off with all the stuff i need for registration     is that ok?? lmao  i should probably finish getting ready    
omg it's ramadan already!!!!!
"ok  i got the awesome teachers  cates, bartel, and the new algebra 1 honors teacher  they are all equally nuts and amazing  and then i have the overly happy conservative teachers= willmore smith and putnam  so 3 potentially sucky and 3 amazing  i think my luck was ok this time"
doctor whooooo yayyyyy!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
"wondering if it'd be a smart idea to try and graduate at 16   i could do it it is possible  i think i want to do it  but i'd have to take summer courses, and i'd have to take online classes with my highschool classes   i seriously am thinking about this graduating early, but not not not going to college immediatly i wanted a year any ways before college    hmmm   only thing is,gotta see what parents and others think "
<propfirst> got a tattoo  wow  makes me wanna get the ones i've wanted for the past three years!
goin <propfemale> <propfemale> landddd  laugh 
"come on come on!! let's keep it running till we burn out the sun, sun  make our way down every street till we get back home  i  love  <propfirst> <propfirst>"
"so i'm in this amazing mood for no reason besides the fact that i'm listening to this song  and it makes me happy and energized, but i love it  now i need to figure out what i'm going to do today  laugh  mom, hope your haveing fun    smile  everyone have a great day i'm getting off here my lovelies  smile "
i hate hate hate hate highschool  and fake friends  and people who change for the worse  ignorance and stupidity make me so mad so so very mad 
 sad  i feel sick still  d:
"i've got jrotc buttons yes i do, i've got jrotc buttons how bout you? i know you don't <propfirst>, because you left yours with me  and i lost the second torch one > > i sowwy d':"
it's wednesday      time to go to school  can't figure out this last bit of my french homework  sad 
rifle this afternoon    
"is thinking about deleteing her facebook  to much drama  plus, i don't really use it anyways     besides that, a friend is mad at me i think and i have no clue why   annoyed   sad  d:  crying "
"going to the <propmale> county fair tonight     school today, i feel very bleh "
is tired  needs sleep  is going to sleep very very very soon        
"mom's yelling  mad ect, i have homework, my day sucked  and i'm so tired of this stupid stupid town and this annoying and stupid highschool  i want out!!!!!"
skoooll  it's friday  i think there's a game 2 night      idk though  besides that     it's friday!!!!  laugh 
"i know this pretty rave girl i always think about her, and when i see her dancing i want to take <propmale> in getting a little closer and maybe get to know her  love   love   love   love  i love s3rl best happy hardcore everrr!!!!  love   love   love   love "
"waaaaah!? fight at the dance say whatt? who was in it? what happened, comment if you know anything"
"just got home about 30 minutes ago from the raiders competition,  had fun helping out  smile  but i will never do raiders, it takes a specail kinda person to do all that and wake up at 5 am on skool mornings 2 practice, and i'm not one of them  think i'll stick with rifle =p"
"christian's birthday, dang he grew up fast  i miss how he used to be so sweet and little and pure adorableness d: happy 5th birthday sweetheart  love   love   love  i love you!!!!"
i feel so trapped i could scream  anxiety   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad  best friend is busy with her bf  i miss my dad  sad  i want outttttt  late start monday  to bad i'll be going in at the same time as usual 2 morrow 
i'm six feet from the edge and i'm thinkin    maybe six feet aint so far down  i'm so far down     please come now i think i'm falling holding on to all i think is safe    
i feel so much better now that your gone forever tell myself that i don't miss you at all
in lebanon  love  you mrs michelle
"oh, you've been screaming again, you've been screaming again and i see, i see the hurting in your eyes, the hurting in your eyes  don't let the track marks in your arms speak more loudly than your heart everyone knows that you've been so lost that you found yourself on the edge of earth     i do beleive it's true oh ohhhh oh oh oh, letting go is all we need to do  ohhh and find your heart here    "
great  just got told i'm being drug on a camping trip with the rest of the family  in kentucky  can the coming week get any better!!!??!?! oh wait  no  i also have a paper due in ecology  funnnnnn   annoyed 
"d: misses kuwait, kinda sorry for yelling at my mom stacye hazelwood sullivan and making her feel bad  feel's sick, has to do homework in a while  wants to be back at the beach front in kuwait one more time at 5 am seeing the sun rise             sad  missing my dad and loving my friends <propfemale> mccormick <propfemale> <propfemale> conner and <propfirst> tedder"
florida preacher calls off the burning of the qur'an!!! yay!!!
im about to kill my laptop!!! omg! -__- can't wait until monday  can't wait until i can get away from home again 
"cause you aint going to die me down what you want right now, i think you need <propfemale> close your mouth because you aint gonna tie me down "
just finished watching special a      it was amazing   love 
"mad and happy  laugh  think mom's right, i may be bipolar      and for mrs michelle since you tell me i have to put a reason on here i'm mad because of a problem  and happy because    well i don't know   playful "
goooooood morning!! happy up early and i just woke up  smile  ain't gonna tie me down but i think i'm already tied down    and not by choice     didn't have one on this    dang conspiracy
"kinda      i don't know, surprised? yea, that's a good word to use  that and so embarrassed that i feel like my face is on fire   -sigh- i'm an idiot! and i didn't lie this time  smile   love  you mom oh and sorry, was logging into everything for you stacye hazelwood sullivan"
?
"runningtostandstill  no one really wants the truth in life  we are fed lies and we believe them, but to uncover the truth? god help us if someone does that, because then we have options, then we aren't blind to what goes on around us  then we may make descisions that can no longer be controlled  runningtostandstill "
"just finished watching loose change, everything makes sense now       love  it"
"huge mountain of clothes in my room  like mt everest size  moms nagging  <propfirst> just got home  some appraiser comes tomorrow so everyones freaked and i'm left asking \how the heck did i get dragged into this?!??\"""""
just got out of the hospital this morning  sad  they took alotttttttt of blood and jacked my system up with morphine   
i just fell out of my bed  wth  no more sleepy time for me    
"i just applied for a job, yay me!"
"i love how <propfirst> gets home in a horrid mood  and asks \what're you doin\"" knowing exactly what i'm doing  using my ipod  duh """
"1st person to like my status- i will have your last name for a week\2nd person to like my status- you can dare me to do one thing \3rd- i'll say i'm married to you for a week\4th- i'll write i love you on your wall\5th- i will answer any question for you \             put this as your status if your brave enough        smile "
"before my face hits the floor theres just one thing you should know  this is for real, this time i mean it  i've said it before you can take it or leave it, prefer that you keep it don't let go   love "
"another family member dead, another lost great grandparent  this sucks  i don't know if i have anymore tears left to cry or if i'm about to break and lose it  everyone i love and who r family are now dying "
"it's so quiet i can hear the creepy little footsteps trekking through my house      i'm getting used to them and i can't sleeeeep! whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy insomnia, whyyyy?"
omg  they want to extend my da's contract and keep him there longer  angry  grrrr  at the last minute too  wtfh 
when the world ends <propmale> matthews band -thumbs up- i love this song
winter formal is the 29th!
"dude, he just called you a terrorist \ \""what?!? oh heck no  yalla ya shabab \"" *lmao* i would like this but i can't on mobile so i'm posting it as my status instead  smile """
we have to go to schooool ):  gahhhhh  ): don't feel good at all 
pretty girl swagggg  laugh  thanx <propfemale> and <propfemale>  i have a song that i hate stuck in my head 
sickkk  sad  bleckkk  ): not fun  and i'm going to miss the health science academy coming d: ):
 love  my favorite accident love 
"glad i'm home, i wanna be on a plane to anywhere i don't care thinking of flying away  love  this song"
