821a3af152c40a2229a401ba626040e1
"does anyone fucking care? ever? about anyone? gawd i am so about to give up on fucking humanity, please just ignore this "
ergggggggggggggggggggggggg
"hahaaahahaaa, i am not drunk!  laugh "
"if you read this (and feel so inclined) post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you  i think it'll be fun :"
"if you read this (and feel so inclined) post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you  i think it'll be fun :"
"ich hasse sie soviel! ich hoffe, dass sie begrabenes lebendiges ist!"
apparently i have autophobia?     
ivs hurt  playful  and hospital meds are a lot stronger than perscription
i really need halloween ideas!!!
"two words guys hate, don't and stop   unless you put them together!"
bordem kills
ergggg ugh ahhh everyother fucking way to describe distress!!!!!!!!!!
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: moody  6: dumb  7: spoiled  8: mouthy  9: random  10: hot  11: funny  12: fit  13: amazing  14: tough  15: cute  16: bf gf type  17: player  18: the best  19: freak  20: quiet  21: adorable  22: boring 23   : down to earth  24: cool  25: a good friend  laugh  !!!!be honest!!!!
"you see that \like\"" button down there? click on it if i have ever made you smile  set this as your status and see how many people you've had an impact on  laugh """
"não traduzir isto! as pessoas dizem que o suicídio não é a resposta, mas a verdade é que é! e você sabe o quê? eu quero e não quero dar uma foda no inferno mais! atire em mim, eu estaria muito mais feliz! eu tudo atrapalhou e eu não tenho <propfemale>  e as pessoas, eu sei que tem coisas melhores para fazer! não é a eles que é a natureza humana, e enfrentar os fatos  então, o parafuso do mundo  espero que eu morra logo "
if were a superhero who would you be and what would you do with your almighty-ness?
"sooo well imma become an evil super villian, and imma need some help running my empire of doom, so who wants to join?  playful "
what did you dream about last night?
should i start posting my pictures and paintings or would it scare to many people?
or did you know at least 500 americans die each year from asphyxia in an attempt to lessen oxygen flow to the brain in order to induce a more powerful orgasm 
"or one out of seventeen, or 400,000,000 people have sex a day  4,000 people are doing it right now! so, the world is a rockin', don't go a knockin' "
"did you know in idaho police officers aren't allowed to walk up and knock on the window  any suspicious officer who thinks that sex is taking place must drive up from behind, honk his horn three times and wait approximately two minutes before getting out of his car to investigate "
in belguim it is legal on christmas day for children to throw bananas at cops and cops to throw bananas at children
"if you were going to be a criminal on the fbis most wanted list, what would you want it to be for?"
"when i said i'd hit that, i meant with my car"
"i wish i could be a evil super villian that way i wouldn't actually need anybody and i could be as cruel, chaotic, and isane as i want with no real consiquences "
i hope the world does blow up or whatever it is going to do in 2012 just so i can laugh my fucking as off in hell
what type of battlewound is the best kind of battle wound? hahaa
sometimes i wish i had a wanted scketch to see what people would actually say and how it would turn out 
"found a new show to watch while i do fucking homework x x blah! thought the show would be stupid, but it is actually pretty good, but i'd totally beat everyone on it  playful  hahaa yay me!  laugh "
hate
"like this status and i will tell you something i like, dislike, first impression & a confession about you!"
\love is like bricks," you can build a house with them or sink a body\""\"821a3af152c40a2229a401ba626040e1,"omg!\ i just remembered a part from my dream last night! it was weird and had\ murderer stalkers and a beach!!! oooh how i miss that beach"
insane people rock!! and people with anger management rock in a different way  playful  hahahaa and i know decided pretty as a pistol is an awesome saying!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"i'm debating on putting some of the power-out pics  playful  hahaa it was <propfemale> much fun playin around, and i wasn't the only one on the block!  laugh "
i dont know why but lately when i hear something it's either dirty or bloody creepy and it always seems it's meant the opposite way x x wtf
"\if the blue meanies are going to get me they'd better get off their asses and do something \"""""
"i want to make a photography team, hahaa like someone to do clothing makeup ideas, photographer, and model! that would be amazing!! the coolest pics could come out of that!!! anyone interested? i already got chey to say she'd model for my makeup  smile  and i have ideas  laugh  everyone gets pieces of course, i think it'd be fun  playful "
"poke me if you've ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think\ i'm a good friend  message me if you ever wanted a relationship with \me  comment on this if we have had good memories together  now let's see\ who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status "
