d2d34a7147b6c056d2c119a0862f0998
is getting ready to dj tonight at funhouse!
is looking for anyone interested in buying a home!
tomorrow i get to find out if i can drive any time soon!  whoopee!!
i can drive!  i'm just not sure if i want to 
been sifting through my old record collection   i've found a bunch of old gems   i can't wait to transfer them to mp3 
happy new year to everyone!
getting ready to head up to montreal for ((()))
"why does everyone think this stupid election in massachussetts is a referendum on obama, and spells trouble for obama   ooooh   obama's not as good as we all e playful ected, but his lack of true leadership isn't the biggest problem facing us   its those assholes in congress that need to grow a pair "
when will democrats and liberals realize that they must stand up and demand action   our government won't do anything for us if we don't demand it from them 
i'm really excited for lost tonight 
i was accepted into uc <propmale> grad school!!  woo hoo!
i got accepted to indiana university grad school!!  now i have to decide where to go   crap!
went on an extreme ropes course today near lake <propfirst>   it was awesome!
supposed to go boating out on lake <propfirst> today   hopefully the weather holds up!
"there's nothing to do in bolton landing, ny at night!"
i have spent more time on facebook tonight then the last three months combined!!  just goes to show how bored i am right now!
went to great escape with all of the nieces and nephews   i don't remember it being so bad!
we received a check from the insurance company yesterday for the tree that fell on our deck!!  woo hoo!
i finally made the decision to enroll at uc <propmale> instead of indiana u   i am so happy!!
just got my new droid x!  its awesome except i can't hear the ringer 
facebook for android sucks except that you can use swype!!
i am sitting at half lounge enjoying a cocktail after getting a lotof work done at home this weekend!
welcome to the funhouse!
out at funhouse   where is everyone?  montreal?
swype is the coolest thing since sliced bread
up at <propmale> pond on a gorgeous day for a hike!
trying sky burger for the first time
"to my dear friend <propfemale> nawaz, you were a beacon of light within a world of darkness  my heart goes out to your family   may your soul find peace!"
tragedy can be a blessing when it reminds us to live consciously and <propfemale> each moment as if it were our last 
i think i might have an offer on my house!!!
i learned an important life lesson today   never fall asleep while boiling eggs unless you want e playful loded egg all over your kitchen 
"i saw the most amazing sky tonight   two shooting stars, the milky way, jupiter and every single constellation   amazing!!"
"going to my sister's yoga dance event tonight   i've never done it before and have no idea what to e playful ect, but i'm wicked excited!"
it's official!!  we just signed the contract to sell our house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
getting ready for funhouse tonight!  everyone come down and wish dj qdo a very happy birthday!
<-- was prequalified for a mortgage today!!  looking at condos in the burlington area   anyone know of anything in the low 100's?
preparing an offer for a condo in burlington   will be submitting it to the seller tomorrow!!  smile 
my offer on a condo in burlington was accepted!!!!!  smile 
downtown burlington is an effing ghost town tonight   somebody better get down to the half and keep me company!!
"thank you to everyone who sponsored me for outright vermont's firetruck pull this afternoon   the event was amazing and they raised over $20k in total!  the champlain college beavers also came in second for fastest time behind the all male, all young and virile uvm greek life team   i am proud to have anchored our teams effort!!  thanks again!"
i've lost 6 lbs in the last two weeks!!
so it's gonna be one of those nights!!
follow the money    
the next congress needs to first pass a resolution committing to an agenda or else it will be six more years of chaos 
getting a mortgage is probably the most annoying bullshit process!!  if i had hair i would have pulled all of it out by now!
god damn underwriters taking their sweet ass time!!!
i got approved!!!  yay!!  my <propfemale> went through!
packing like a mad men and still unsure if i can close on friday   this sucks!!!
in a little over 5 hours i will be officially homeless!!  4:44am and i am finally going to sleep for less than 2 hours so i can finish cleaning   woo hoo!
i am officially homeless!  my closing went pretty smoothly this morning   i am hoping to close on my condo next friday!
my computer keeps beeping at me for no good reason!
why do i end up with the underwriter from hell?!!!!
what a nightmare this mortgage process has been   now my mortgage broker won't return my calls!!!!  f*ck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i got cleared to close for tomorrow morning at 10am!!!  thank aquabuddha!!
i am the proud new owner of a condo in burlington!!  this morning was the fastest and smoothest closing i have ever seen!
gave an awesome webinar presentation this morning for school with my equally awesome partner in crime <propfirst>!!
spent my first night in my new condo   now i've got to go find some internet access to watch a webinar for school!
cooking my first dinner in my new place   aloo gobi curry!!  yum!
<-- considering moving to a different real estate brokerage   had a good meeting today with keller <propmale> 
i appreciate the requests to commit to voting   and i fully intend on doing so   but why the fuck is it too late to register in burlington?  now i've got to drive a half hour back to swanton on tuesday to freakin' vote!!  the price of democracy!!
"i'm really excited about girls, girls, girls tonight at half lounge   and super excited for funhouse presents: monster & funhouse presents: highway to hell this weekend!  i've got my costumes all set!"
"yay, i found my socks!!  i thought they were in a box but it turns out they were in a suitcase!"
happy samhain!!
i had an amazing time last at funhouse presents: monster   i hope everyone will come out and celebrate the true meaning of halloween   respect and honor the dead and the lost souls   a true reminder of how precious life is to all of those that need to be reminded of that   i hope to see you all tonight at halflounge speakeasy for funhouse presents: highway to hell!!
i cooked two large meals tonight   packing this week's lunches and dinners like a good boy!  yummy vegetarian rogan <propmale> and red beans and vegetables in a tomato stock   mix them up with some brown basmati rice and i'm good to go!
looks like shumlin is smoking a big fat dubie tonight!
excited to go to montreal this weekend for <propmale> tenaglia!
getting to bed soon so i can head up to stereo in montreal at 5am!!
"heigh ho, heigh ho, it's off to stereo i go!"
my 16 year-old diabetic and arthritic cat coco is scheduled to be put down on friday morning   i'm starting to doubt my decision   this is the worst decision i've ever had to make 
"please post this as your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been burninated by trogdor  trogdor is nearly unstoppable and, if you didn't know, he can burninate  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been burninated by trogdor  6% of people are sitting in their thatched-roof cottages armed with funbows™ & the remaining 1% are awesome and willrepost this"
"i'm really excited for funhouse tonight!  i'm sorry i will miss most of <propmale>'s party, but i hope people feel free to bounce back and forth!  we're going to have a lot of fun!"
"i got an a in my first grad school course!  i'm so grateful for the break   i still have lots of work to do, but at least the pressure is off for a while!"
walk me out in the morning dew my <propfemale>
i am officially on vacation until january 4th!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> xmas to all the goyim of the world!
i'm fucked up and feeling good
i've got one room almost totally prepped for painting and another room looks like a vortex opened in the center of the room pulling everything toward it!  smile 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along "
getting my music ready for funhouse tonight!  i'm very excited to be spinning with <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> repstad!!!
facebook is acting like a spoiled brat again!!
why is it that the company that loaned me the money to buy my new condo sends me mail to my old address?
can anyone recommend a good gay friendly doctor or naturopath in the burlington area?
playing with my new traktor s4!!  smile 
"i'm super excited to play with my new traktor s4 tonight at funhouse!!  it ain't supposed to snow tonight so i hope to see everyone out tonight, wink wink, nudge nudge!!"
"we're giving away 2 tickets to winter is a drag ball xvi tonight at funhouse   come down for your <propmale> to win, and stay and <propfemale> while we play some bangin' house from my new traktor s4!!"
"not to toot my own horn, but i'm now a two-time winner of the drag ball!  2000 & 2011!"
"i'm exhausted from the drag ball, but already excited for next saturday's fusion presents stop light party   <propmale> <propmale> and i will be preparing an exciting array of music for the night   let us know if you have any specific requests!"
i feel like i just got hit by a brick wall!
getting my music ready for fusion presents stop light party tonight at higher ground!
"still sick  sad   what the hell do i have?  for the last two days i've had a sore throat, very achy especially in the morning, cold chills, right now i have a fever of 99 9   no white spots on my throat, but saturday night i had swollen glands   anyone have any idea?  is it worth it for me to get a strep test (given that i'm flying tomorrow)?"
waiting in newark airport bored off my ass!!!  only an hour and a half to go!
living for the florida sun at lake worth beach!
just landed in burlington   pretty scary flight   4:20 time!  smile 
anyone going to <propfirst>'s town hall in montpelier on saturday?
be like the lotus <propfemale>   it sits in water but does not get wet 
i saved the government over $140b   how much can you save? http annoyed  bit ly e8aeb4
"there is spam going around   be careful, don't click anything that starts out: hey, what the hell are you doing in this video? is this dancing or what?? lol"
just bought my ticket for (((morales)))
"facebook has taken away our ability to invite an entire friends list to an event   now we have to click on every person we want to invite   i typically invite 300 people a week to funhouse, sometimes twice a week   this fucking sucks!!!  isn't it time for something new?"
"listening to progressive, goa and tech trance to get ready for zen!"
i'm so excited for tonight!  i pick up my puppies at 7 and then get to listen to some trance with aqua & <propfemale> to prepare for zen!
