3eb73aa66934b41c46132ce9141e897e
shaved her <propfemale> and now her <propfemale> is naked  laugh 
bloop bloop blee!!
doesn't understand the point of typing things here 
typed something here 
thinks facebook and myspace get boring after the first week cuz people stop talking to you 
has swine flu!!  laugh 
"sorry, h1n1  my bad "
"doesn't like girls that don't understand what \josh has a girlfriend\"" means"""
is off to play the sims!!  smile 
's cell number is 715-410-5323 and also has unlimited texting 
is wondering why people like football  all it is is guys running around in spandex smackin eachother butts and then jumping on eachother till they fall to ground in a massive pile 
"screw emo kids, life is good!!  laugh "
"girls bitching about the pda rule at school make me think of little girls in preschool going \ewwww boys have cooties!!!\"""""
is in st  <propfirst>  laugh 
is starting to get obsessed with heavy metal concerts 
why is it snowing
why is facebook so stalkerish??
was 6 feet away from <propfirst> ****ing hetfield!!!
"doesn't understand why people can't just be nice  it's surprisingly easy, believe it or not "
is tired of people 
a singer in a smokey room a smell of wine and cheap perfume for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on and on and on    only cool people know that song 
jgfghg
"shower, then bed  smile "
gets her license in less than a month!
is excited   laugh 
's <propfemale> is so cute she wants to eat it 
"press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!"
is heading out to st  <propfirst> for the night
 
needs ideas for job applications? please no fast food 
had an awesome weekend  laugh 
is officially addicted to <propfemale> canes 
wanted to change her status 
you can dance if you want to  you can leave your friends behind  cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance well they ain't no friends of mine!  laugh 
"apparently i'm supposed to type \what's on your mind?\"" here  so here it is """
is currently gangstering 
yay! new years <propfemale>! party! weeeeee! awesome!
r i p <propfirst> sullivan  sad 
 smile 
greeting my fellow earthlings  message my cellular device if you want to <propfemale> out  laugh 
<propfemale> likes cashmere socks 
it's only funny until someone gets hurt  then it's hilarious 
anyone wanna chill this weekend?
is content with life once again 
is excited  laugh 
dyed her hurr!!
is being cool 
needs a job so she can move out as soon as she's legal  help  laugh 
is currently gangstering and having sexytime 
thinks it should be summer every day but for some reason freezing weather 10 months out of the year is nessecary 
is excited for the weekend x 1234567890
sobes  laugh 
has no school on friday  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
anybody want some tripp pants?
i freakin want a jellyfish  somebody catch me one 
does not want an update status at the moment 
summer is coming!!  laugh   love 3
blah  school is yucky 
i love fridays with a burning flame of passion
there is no fear in this dojo! there is no mercy in this dojo!
why do people spread rumors? doesn't do much for anybody really   
my dad thinks i watch porn cause my computer has viruses  lmao
is the master of puppets
i wrote you 365 letters  i wrote you every day for a year 
if you love me let me go and run away before i know my heart is just too dark to care i can't destroy what isn't there deliver me into my fate if i'm alone i cannot hate i don't deserve to have you my smile was taken long ago if i can change i hope i never know  god i love slipknot
"i don't like drama, so what makes you think i want to become involved with yours? yeah, no thanks  sorry <propmale>  i have a life "
is happy  smile 
used air conditioning in her vehicle!  laugh 
puked today  mmmm!! dinner!!
"wait, taco <propfemale> doesn't have my application? um, i turned it in  a week ago  it's pretty simple not to lose a piece of paper  guess i gotta fill in another one  that's cool "
has a job! well that was easy  if only i tried village inn a year ago  laugh 
first day of work in 45 minutes  smile 
i worked a total of 2 1 2 hours  whooooooooooo!!!
doesn't have to go to work tonight 
is so sick of school  nuff said 
"in 15 days, life is going to be soooooo cool "
got paid cause she's just that cool 
can't really take it anymore  summer needs to get here now or i'm seriously gonna go insane 
weekends almost here!!!!!!!!!!
has come to realize she's only in a good mood on the weekends
"detention isn't gonna make me go to school more often or get to class on time, it's just going to piss me off  pretty simple logic mrs langer "
"skipping detention to go to the concert was worth 10,000 iss's "
special olympics tomorrow!!!  laugh 
can <propfemale> make it out of <propmale> year alive? stay tuned to find out  we'll be back after these commercials 
there's absolutely nothing like the natural high of knowing there's less than a week left of school  nothing 
valley fair tomorrow!! what's the best ride??
bloop bloop
has a secret crush on <propmale> beisang
has fishy  laugh 
i said i have a fish!!!
"that's when she said i don't hate you boy, i just want to save you while there's still something left to save  that's when i told her i love you girl but i'm not the answer to the questions that you still have "
you are hereby banned from the circle  i hereby ban you! i also hereby eat your burrito 
the best moments in life are the ones when you don't think about what time it is 
nomnomnomnomnomn d:
don't you just love it when your mom quits your job for you? i knew i never should have told her i had one 
hates it when people make false assumptions about her and stick with them 
has popsicles down in her cellar 
because of your panty shenanigans you are banned from the circle  i hereby ban you! i also hereby eat your burrito 
why are girls so scared to death of rain? i just ran around in it for 20 minutes and i'm just fine 
never cared for big loud trucks until she drove one  laugh 
"if summer lasted forever, everything would be perfect "
why must scene kids take over <propfirst> <propfirst> and hello <propfemale>?
"got half a wardrobe and shoes for $30 at the thrift store  screw you, hot topic "
freedom of speech is against the law 
officially hates girls  except for the awesome ones  they're okay 
"woke up this morning with a present from her cat next to her on her bed  yes, it was a smelly brown present  thank god she missed my clothes "
i think i'm in love   with my cat  honest 
the thought of summer almost being over makes me want to crawl into a hole and die a little 
"you don't need meaningful lyrics, an amazing voice, or t  be talented at playing an instrument to be famous anymore  just get half naked on tv and lip sync and you'll do just fine "
"dear hudson high school,\thank you for having registration during the summer  thank you for reminding us carefree, happy kids that summer doesn't last forever and we have to go back every day for the next 9 months  thank you  it really makes the last few weeks of our summer awesome "
mmmmmmm food  laugh  anorexic people are missing out big time 
wants to hear your epic ideas for awesome things she should do the last few weeks of summer!!!
"when you get the choice to sit it out or dance, i hope you dance "
give me fue give me faah give me zabababadaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!! oooo!! yeah-heah 
is not ready to go back to school  the summer was only like three days 
"i was gonna ask everyone if they had the same lunch as me, but then i remembered that they tell you 10 minutes before lunch so you get to walk around like a moron looking for your friends  so nevermind everybody  smile "
oh boy  6am tomorrow  i honestly think i am going to cry  not sure if i can do this  
remember when vampires slayed people and drank their blood instead of <propfemale>?
is hungry  smile  any suggestions of really super yummy food to make?
"waiting for the one, the day that never comes when you stand up and feel the warmth  but the sunshine never comes, no the sun shine never comes "
"no, i'm not crabby  i just don't think the holocaust is something to make jokes about because   well   it's not funny?"
be nice  <propfemale> always catches up 
whoever invented food should win an award 
cool people and stupid people should live on separate planets 
the world is one messed up place 
wanted to change her status 
people who can play guitar hero on e playful ert need to get over themselves  people who can play actual guitar do not 
drinking is gay 
it's a lot easier to get mad at a liar than to get mad at someone coming clean about doing something stupid 
damn it feels good to be a <propfemale>  cause real gangsta-ass <propfemale>s play their cards right 
broken up nutty bars + ice cream + sobe strawberry daquiri = heaven
i just love my <propfemale> so much  love 3  smile 
fall is beast 
birthdays kick ass!! especially when they're on friday 
thank you everybody for the happy birthdays!! hehe laugh   the weekend is off to a badass start  laugh 
thanks for the happy birthdays guys!!  laugh 
cleaning is only fun when it takes place inside a sexy vehicle  *cough cough eclipses*  hehe  laugh 
is planning the super epic upcoming 5 day weekend  these things only happen once to twice a school year!!
juice is amazing when you're thirsty 
"some people may have though <propfirst> <propmale> was creepy, but man  that guy can move like it's nobody's business "
why do pretty girls think they're ugly and skinny girls think they're fat?
wouldn't trade her cat for a million dollars  smile 
"doing meth doesn't make you cool, it's actually not doing it that does  so take note, select few people of hudson  smile  hope this little tidbit of the day helps you out a bit "
kangaroos have three vaginas  god i love cable 
"girls complain and whine and talk about drama  guys talk about boobs, butts, and hot girls  yeah, i'll go <propfemale> out with my cat and my ipod "
"wants to adopt every <propfemale> in the world so none of them will be hungry, abused, sick, cold, or eaten  sad "
anybody wanna volunteer at the humane society with me??  smile 
the coolest people are the ones that say what everyone's thinking 
being a teenager really isn't all that bad  people are a bunch of negative nancies 
's name is <propfemale> and she is partially a shell and she also has shoes and     a face  so 
wants to <propfemale> out with a bunch of jamaicans for a day 
hmmmm   cookie time? i think so 
people named <propmale> beisang are really awesome 
isn't it ironic how during the best years of our life we're too ignorant to realize it?
am i the only person in wisconsin that doesn't like beer?  annoyed \
can't spell crap without rap 
is it possible to fall in love with a cat? i think i might have 
is fed up  doesn't know what to do anymore 
was drinking from a fountain that was pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain 
will see you on the dark side of the <propfemale> 
"i can't wait till summer  no cold, no snow, sleeping in, no school, no drama, no dealing with douchebags, no responsibilities, no cares, chill all day, party all night  thinking about how long it's gonna be makes me want to bawl my eyes out "
"needs to make a trip to foxtone  oh, wait    sorry  schuster's "
i love my friends  i have no clue what i would do without them  you know who you are  smile 
it's funny how knowing it's a three day week automatically puts me in a better mood  laugh 
badlands is open and i think its yelling at me to go to it 
"do you bury me when i'm gone? do you teach me while i'm here? just as soon as i belong, then it's time i disappear"
shit happens  but this time it was for the better  smile 
timmay johnsön is cool 
is sooooooo excited for tomorrow!!!  laugh 
<propmale> techno is awesome 
"i hate it when some people think they're better than other people  get over yourselves guys, we all suck "
likes cute boys name timmay johnsön
"dear skullcandies, how did i survive school this long without you?"
weekends are kickass 
ugh 
why is there still snow  christmas is over you can leave now bye
my cat is my baby  i love her so much  love 3
i really hope the weekend will make up for the finals week  annoyed \
