56358bb1a75757b91fa55602a3bf7fc5
last night was a blast!!!!
i hate having to find all my friends on this stupid new sociol network
board out of my fucking skull
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click  then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page   it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you try it "
bored again
i hate not having my damn cell
concert !!!
lmao love dbz abridge on you tube
ugh life is complicated and funny     i need someone to run with  sad 
hey sorry if anyone tried texting me lately my cell dead and gone should get a new one friday ill get you the new number when i get it
not actualy on
my best friends in the world are a beam of sunshine a mythical creature and a glorified drug dealer is somethin wrong with that?
stayin home sick today  sad 
ok i take back all the shit ive said about non main stream bands     yes <propfirst> and <propfirst> this is as close as you getting to an appology
finaly got the <propfemale> of this stupid cell!!!!
why are some things so complicated i miss the days when i could hit all my problems
single again
ugh my a days are great right up till the end then they just suck
why is it when nothing is wrong everyone who u would talk to is near but when u actualy need a good friend to make u feel better they no where near?
i wish i could snap my fingers and make shit blow up
hate nights like this
cant wait till the day my biggest prob is choicing which car to drive that day
wut do people do this early home on a friday night???
leasticoulddo com makes my day  laugh 
bored
finaly got some shit i desperatly needed done don3e
who wants to help organize a snowball fight at northlakes tommorow?
"ok for those i forgot by text \tryin to get a snowball fight at northlakes at one on friday hope u can come meet up at the playground\"""""
tired
facebook hates me
im doing a majior project out side of school and befor its due    what is this world coming to
attack my minions!!!
is bastard a pet name?
ugh so bored
wonerland was amazing
wrote my first completly unplagorized paper today
filmcow com check out a depressed whale
my fucking cell sucks
bored
is biting a form of flirting?
93 94 95 96 97        97 fucking mosquitoe bites lmao never playing shirtless soccer again
this day is going way to slow someone do something interesting
im almost at the point of strangling the next person to call me a whore
ya i need to work on my temper i think i broke my pinky and fracutred two knuckles again  sad 
ok so i jumped in the pool and killed my cell so im out of touch with everyone for a while srry
ok i gt an old cell up and running so i need <propfirst> hit me up
just created a watermelon bra !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from my first day at a new job i missed working
god ive never been to the point were i had to roar in rage till today fuck it made me light headed
tattoos stinga bit
"say it fast: i, 1, 2, 1 2, 6  hahaahahaha"
why are all my friends going to college out of state  sad  if i didnt love u guys id hate u all for leaving me here bored out of my mind
i get my cell back today  i missed it   sad 
ok so im note getting it back today     i hate verizon
whats with all the people getting engaged?
"fought a man, he taped out, i got a bloody lip and it hurts to move my jaw"
found a girl that gets turned on by the <propfemale> wars theme song!!!!
get my test day at kush tommorow so stoked!
hacked by a cowboy! bitches!!!!!
"oooo, the terrible, terrible things i could put on here  laugh  love ya <propfirst> from <propfirst> belknap"
help being kid napped
enjoys long walks on the beach followed by hours of dundeons and dragons  laugh 
"there are many things i can do, but none of them involve helping you "
cuddling with a 24 pack of water  laugh 
dungeons and dragons time!! greek based campaign ftw
hacked by the hottest rave girls ever!!!!!  smile 
good night 
drinking games with the <propfemale>  laugh 
love serving on sunday
you know your a bad lay when she jumps off you for fried pickles  sad 
"went to insomnia this morning, was inside for 30 <propfemale> before a bouncer walks up from behind pulls my hand out of my pocket and proceeds to frisk and search me, found out they with check your gum and ciggerettes but not your wallet, he was also having a slow night just wanting it to be over     small talk should not be part of drug searches "
"once again tested my fist against a wall last night  once again the wall won, and the only reason i know i tested the wall again?  my bloody fist, either im hitting softer or my knuckels have quit breaking    either one works "
"thanks all for the birthday wishes, but my birthday was dec 3rd i posted this date to keep some friends from buying me anything    didnt work "
today i learned i should not multi task  trying to piss and answer my cell at the same time leaves me without a cell for a while  sad 
yay! new cell!
"new cell, same number, no contacts, text me "
cant fucking sleep    i blame gingers
fuck it all! ugh just not in the mood for anything or anyone 
will someone please make life simple or kill me either or
had an amazing night
its weird i havebt eaten in two days im dealing with shit tons of stress i made <propfirst> shit on a busy night  and im in a fucking fantastic mood lol
"\killing means never having to say your sorry \"""""
 love 
next week is gonna suck
i found <propmale>!
boredome is a dangerous thing    just cuz ur bored dont play ever <propfemale> song on the juke box 
i love my family
god bless the 7th for on it i rest
its either im dead and i havent done anything i wanted or im still alive and ther is nothing i want to do 
