9d7d9f9dd9216cd3361fcae72ed76565
wishes her kiddies would go to sleep! i adore them of course but come on its almost 11! lol good thing they are so adorable  (i'm not biased at all)
"excited to go see \17 again\"" at the cheap movie with my \""girls\"" in a couple hours!! (are we the cooolest or what?) hehe"""
"started taking tryptophan in supplement form for its natural sleep benifits- but this is night two and so far it seems to be doing didly squat! hehe, ah well guess i will go have some wonderful reading time! (don't get much of that)   smile "
"so grateful for my wonderful dad and for my father in law and my amazing husband who is the best daddy i have ever seen! thank you to all those amazing dads out there, happy father's day!!"
gearing up for another week! <propfemale> haw! lol hope everyone had a great weekend!  smile 
"monday, monday"
"is it really monday again? we had a great 4th of july weekend, hope you all did too!!  smile "
"\the only reason people get lost in thought is because it is unfamiliar territory\"""""
"\i can resist everything except temptation\"" hehe kinda thought this one was good """
ahhh time for readin and relaxin- so nice!
haven't been on here in so long- hello to all my friends! summer is just about gone huh?   
"my little <propmale> fell asleep on the floor next to me, he is so precious and adorable when he is sleeping!!! eyelashes that go on for days   he just seem so peaceful   resting up for kindergarten tomorrow i guess  lol"
husband and kiddies in bed asleep- what to do with myself? lol
"after going without power for 5 hours last night, it really makes me greatful to have it!! you don't realize just how much you need it    "
"had a great \girls night out\"" dinner tonight! thanks so much for dinner <propfemale>- can't wait to do it again soon!  smile """
if only i could sleep    
"happy birthday to my sweet, amazing, handsome, wonderful hubby!! i love you baby, hope i can help you have an amazing day!  smile "
"my boy is at school, my girl is taking a nap, ahhhhh some mommy time! hehe, i should be cleaning- but i'll get to that in a minute!  smile "
"i just listened to the greenday song \insomnia\""  lol fitting!  smile """
any tricks to get your kids to go to sleep?? lol
"this swine flu stuff is awful!! first my little guy <propmale>, who probably picked it up in kindergarten- and now my 2 year old ari  they have been sooo sick and i have been up with them 4 nights in a row, if you can avoid anywhere this could be please do! it's so not worth it! just my own 2 cents and word of warning- it's so hard to see my babies suffereing! that's the worst part   "
"my 2 year old is sick, and laying by me, and i just asked her how she was feeling   she replied \shhhhh mommy!!! i'm tying to seep!\""  haha made me laugh """
happy halloween!!!  smile 
"i like this idea people have had of saying something they are thankful for each day this month   so i guess i will go for it   smile  above all else, i am so thankful for my amazing husband! he is so kind, understanding, and unselfish   he works so hard to take care of us- he is the best hubby and father ever! i feel like i won the man lottery!! hehe (sorry if this is cheesy, had to be said) lol"
"i am so thankful today (and everyday) for my adorable, sweet, hilarious, busy, loving children   they can be a lot of work- being 5 and 2- but every bit is worth it! they make my life happier and fuller than i ever thought it could be, i feel lucky to be their mommy!  smile   so that is my thankful thought for the day- my little monkeys! hehe"
i wish i was more excited about the snow   this year even the first snow of the season seems like a depressing reminder of the long long winter ahead    haha  smile 
"thankful thought of the day: i am so incredibley thankful for my wonderful mother  she is so amazing and does so many amazing things for so many people   she is the kindest, gentlest, most selfless, hardest working person i have ever known   i have so many wonderful memories of her, and i feel so lucky and blessed to have her in my life!  smile "
"thankful thought: i am so thankful for my dad   he is such an amazing man and has been such a huge part of my life   he is the type of person who would give up anything so that people he cares about can be happy and well taken care of   he and i have always been super close, and it makes me so happy to see how much he adores my kids! he is a great \papa\""! (grandpa)  smile """
today i am so thankful for my best friend <propfemale>- she has been such an amazing friend to me since we were 12 or 13- and thanks to her i get to go see new <propfemale> today!!! a much needed needed outing! maddox and new <propfemale>- it doesn't get any better than that- i am so excited i could barely sleep last night! lol thanks <propfemale>!!!
saw new <propfemale> tonight and loved it!!! i guess this is one series that i really do get into all the hype- i am so lucky i got to go! thanks so much for the tickets <propfemale>- i owe you big time!!  smile 
today i am thankful for my in-laws   i feel so lucky to have married into such a great family who treated me like family from the moment i met them   my mother-in-law is so sweet and has been so amazing with our kids   my father-in-law let us live with him after we got married for quite a while which really saved us at the time  i'm glad i have them!  smile 
"thankful thought: i am so thankful for my best friend <propfemale>   we have been best friends since we were 11, and even though she moved to florida we have stayed really close   i love the annual trips to florida to see her and though she lives so far away, she has always been there for me and is only a phone call away!  smile "
"i am so thankful to have a nice home to live in   it was hard work getting it, 35 hours a week building for over a year but almost two years has past now and i am so greatful we had the <propmale> to get a house   my kiddies are very happy here and i couldn't ask for anything more!  smile "
this weekend is going by way too fast!!  smile 
"\if you always do what you've always done then you'll always get what you've always got\"""""
i just read that early this morning the temperature reached an all time record low for dec  11th in <propfirst> at -11 degrees   the previous record was -6 on dec  11 1997 i guess   anyone feel like car-pooling to bramuda??
guess its time to break out the unisom   sleep just isn't happenin tonight  haha
"\don't think of yourself as an ugly person- think of yourself as a beautiful monkey!!!\"" hehe"""
"would anyone like to come be my maid? i could pay you $2 00 an hour! haha, j k don't you just love the all-day cleaning sprees?  smile "
so excited to go get my bestest friend at tha airport with my other bestest friend tonight! yay- i am sooooo in need of some fun girl time!!!  smile 
christmas shopping: done! wrapping presents: not one yet!  haha at least the shopping part is done!  smile  i can relax now!
<propfemale> christmas!!! <propfemale> brought my little ones some fun presents- their favorites were the wii and the <propfemale> petal cottage! they have been super excited today! now how to calm them down for sleepy time    any ideas??  smile 
is in 7th heaven because her hubby has 10 days off in a row for christmas!!! ahhh doesn't get better than that- so good to have him around so much!  smile 
late in making new years resolutions this year   cuz then i have to keep em!!! hehe  smile 
"anyone have any good words of encouragement good advice for motivation to work out? haha, i know that sounds lame- sometimes you need a little \push\"" in keeping those new year's resolutions though!  smile """
"play along: you see me in a police car, what would you think i got arrested for? answer mine, then copy to your own profile  see how many crimes you get acused of!"
"sorry to all my facebook friends that i haven't been on or caught up with you in a couple months, my internet hasn't been working, now its off and on  hope you are all doing well and i'm excited to start getting updated on your lives again!  smile "
"is anyone else as exited as i am that spring is finally coming? i love when the sun comes out and melts all the snow, feels like a fresh start somehow! bring on the sunshine!  smile "
"so glad its thursday- now i get to have my <propfemale> home for 3 days! i gotta say, i feel spoiled rotten that he gets 3 day weekends off every week  he makes my life so very happy!  smile "
thanks everyone for all the sweet birthday wishes! i feel so very loved! hehe
"so loving this <propfemale> gorgeous weather! we are spending hours everyday outside, and my kids love it! now if only alergies didn't exist    lol  smile "
"happy belated birthday to my two sweet beautiful babies who both had b-days this last weekend! (althought they are hardly babies anymore!) <propmale> turned 6 on friday and ari turned 3 on sun, can't believe how big they are getting!  smile "
"in the mood for some really great books- anyone read anything lately that was really great?  nothing better than a great book- i'd love some suggestions peeps, if you have any!  smile "
"\when you reach the end of your rope- tie a knot in it and <propfemale> on for dear life!\"""""
"\if you think nobody cares if you're alive- try missing a couple car payments!!\"" i read this today and it made me laugh   smile """
"before you criticize someone you should walk a mile in their shoes   that way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes!"
"\nothing is as frustrating as arguing with someone who knows what he is talking about!\"""""
"just remember, if the world didn't suck then we'd all fall off! hehe"
"\a compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted \"""""
"\a clear conscience is usually a sign of a bad memory \"""""
"hoping my hubby is having a great first day at his new job!!  poor guy was up almost all night at the er with me- he only got a couple hours of sleep, hope he is staying awake ok! lol  smile "
loving this beautiful <propfemale> day!!  smile 
"on day 6 of nutrisystem and missing real food  lol i like to call the dehydrated food from nutrisystem \edible food like substances\""  i think this is more accurate than calling it actual \""food\""  haha but hey it is easy and convenient so if it works i guess its not sooo bad   smile """
"still trying to get used to my hubby's schedule of 12 hour shifts on graveyard  (yuck!) i was so spoiled with his old schedule   but at least he loves his job and has a few days off every week, that is so nice!  smile "
"\the average woman would rather be beautiful than smart  this is because the average man can see better than he can think \"""""
so glad to have a new computer thanks to my wonderful cousin <propfirst>- now i can keep up with all my facebook friends again!  smile 
"\happiness isn't having what you want- it's wanting what you have \"" i know everyone has heard this one- but i think it's so true!  smile """
can't believe my baby boy starts first grade tomorrow! where did the time go? and how is it that i'm old enough to have a first grader?! lol i wish i could freeze time and just keep him my little boy forever   guess life doesn't really work that way though 
loves a good storm!!  smile 
"lets see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think describes me using the third letter of your firstname  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about you   have fun with it!!!"
"\never put off til tomorrow what you can avoid all together \"""""
"my 3 year old just came up to me and gave me a huge hug and said \i love you mommy! i love you so bad!!\"" he he made my day! this is why we have kids!  smile """
"septemeber is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and a friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you?"
"\better to live one day as a lion than a thousand years as a lamb\"""""
be nice to your kids     they will be the ones chosing your nursing home!
"\always forgive your enemies but never forget their names \"""""
happy saturday everyone! i hope you all have an amazing day!  smile 
"\some people are like slinky's- pretty much useless but make you smile when you push them down the stairs!\""- haha sorry but this one made me laugh!  smile """
"\marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the husband!\"" haha"""
"\some people walk in the rain- others just get wet!\"""""
"\the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do \"""""
getting ready to go on a picnic with my little fam and my parents- it will be so nice to be in the canyon on such a beautiful day! i can't wait!!  smile 
"had a wonderful time in the canyon today- my little ari was knee deep in the water in her tights and skirt throwing rocks in the water for over an hour, had to pry her away! a little sad we won't have many (if any) more days to do this before it gets too cold!"
"\sometimes i wake up grumpy- other times i let him sleep!\"" hehe  wink """
"i have decided whoever invented the bread maker machine is pure genius!!! it is so great to be able to make banana bread in less than 5 minutes  (though yes, you have to wait about an hour for it bake- but still so easy!!) the smell in my house is wonderful  now if only they woudl come out the magic house cleaning robot and the robot chef i would be all set!!! hehe  smile "
"\it is easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission \"""""
so my husband's birthday is on the 15th- anyone have any good ideas for presents or dates that don't cost a lot? i would love to hear some ideas from all my smart facebook friends!! he works really hard and deserves to have a great birthday!  smile 
happy birthday to my amazing husband of almost 7 years!!! the big 25! lol i love you baby!
can't help but be so happy they canceled overtime today at my hubby's job   even if we need it  i feel like someone just gave me a present! my <propfemale> all day long yay!!  smile 
"laying in bed, wishing i could sleep! melatonin and valerian not working tonight   and i have to be up in 3 hours  looks like tonight may be no sleep at all   sad "
i have decided i just love fall! everything about it  i just wish it would not turn into winter- i would be great with no winter at all!!  smile 
"\living in a nudist colony must really take all the fun out of halloween!\"""""
"would you rather   be able to read minds, be able to fly, or be invisible?"
"would you rather be <propmale> and ugly, or be poor and good looking?"
would you rather be 3 feet tall or 8 feet tall?
sleep?? what's that? my body or brain does not seem to grasp the concept  lol
happy thursday everyone! i truly hope you all have an amazing day today! do something today just for you even if it is small  we all get so busy we forget to do this now and then- but try to take a little time for yourself today   smile 
so happy to have the internet on my computer again- having it on my phone just wasn't the same at all    
survey: since its 4am and i am curious   anyone have any favorite over-the-counter or natural sleep supplements they would reccomend? pretty sure i have tried them all but hey maybe there is something i've missed? love some advice!  smile 
"today i am so grateful for my wonderful husband <propmale>! today is our 7 year anniversary  over the past 7 years i have watched him grow from a sweet 18 year old kid into the strongest, best man i have ever known  he has given me so much in the last 7 years- 2 beautiful children, a beautiful house, security, and more love than i could ever deserve  i can't believe my luck that he chose me, and continues to each day!"
"about to take my little man <propmale> on a \date\""  grandma took ari for a sleepover tonight- so we are going to have some \""mommy and <propmale> time\"" (as he calls it)  lol looks like we are going to arybi's and then to pick out a toy   smile """
"i am so thankful for such a wonderful mother who is also my best friend! i have so many wonderful memories of her over the years- she did such an amazing job raising us! she does so much to touch so many lives- and i admire a million things about her! most of all her kindness, gentleness, and compassion  i am so blessed to call such an amazing woman \mom\""!"""
today i am thankful for a wonderful home to live in with a big backyard that my little ones can run and play in! for the first few years of marriage it seemed like a far off dream  it may have taken 40 hours a week for a year but it was worth it!  smile 
oh my- almost 5 smile 0 and still no sleep  gave up after 4 hours of trying and got back up  lol this insomnia is getting a little rediculous!  smile 
"wow- i was tucking my 6 year old in tonight, and he told me \mommy- how come people like to kill each other and make someone bleed? we had a assembly at school about people dying and shooting each other with guns and bleeding and lots of kids mommys and daddys died!\"" apparently it was a veterans day assembly """
today i am thankful for great friends who are there to talk to and who are unconditionally accepting  a couple i have had for around 15 years- and still stick by me despite my flaws! friends make the world a bareable place!  smile 
"i am so grateful that i have been blessed with wonderful grandparents in my life! they have taught me so much, and been a huge comfort and strength through my life! i miss my grandpa <propmale> very much and feel so lucky to still have my other 3 grandparents here  they are all such amazing and admirable people!  smile "
i'm so thankful for days off!! (my husband's) time for a much needed family outing tonight- the kids are jumping up and down with excitement  lol
"i am very grateful for my in-laws and to be a part of the \burton\"" family! they are such great people and i'm glad my kids have them in their lives!  smile """
"to\all the unselfish moms out there who traded eye liner for dark\circles,salon haircuts for pony tails, long showers for quick showers,\late nights for early mornings (or both!), designer bags for diaper\bags, and wouldn't change a thing  lets see how many moms post this \   moms who don't care about whatever they gave up and instead love what\they got in return, post this if you love your life as a mother! ?"
"ok i have to say it   continuing with \thankful\"" month- i am so thankful for bedtime!! lol (my kids' bedtime that is) i love being a mommy- but with my hubby gone so much sometimes we have long days- and i love that time at night i get when the house is finally quiet and i get some \""me\"" time   smile """
"i'm grateful to be home! had to go grab a couple things, and it was not snowing at all when i left- i wasn't there long and when i came out woah! stay home everyone! glad to be \snowed in\"" with my sweet little family!  smile """
i'm thankful for the little heater i have under my computer desk that keeps my feet nice and toasty!  smile  lol
i am grateful that black friday sales come only once a year! got some great deals at the midnight walmart sale but wow- no <propfemale> to fight through that again for a very long time!  smile 
making a <propfemale> house for ari for christmas seemed like a great idea- lol it is taking much more time and work than i realized! hopefully she will like it when its done   smile 
"ari: \mommy get off the puter and play with me!! and i need my vita-mint!! (vitamin)\"" lol guess i better go- don't wanna upset the <propfemale>! haha"""
"ok so i am taking a sort of poll here- anyone else have issues with facebook chat or is it only me?? i am trying to figure out how to fix it- so has anyone had problems with chatting on fb, and if so what did you do to fix the problems ? would love some advice! but maybe it is just me and everyone else's works just fine?  smile "
"looking forward to tomorrow- my hubby's first day off in 7 days  the kids are very excited for some much needed \daddy\"" time!  smile """
last night my grandma jensen passed away after a battle with cancer  it was her 86th birthday  the world is such a better place because she was in it- she was the best and most selfless woman i have ever known  how lucky i was to have her in my life until now! i will miss her so much- but i am happy she is done suffering and somewhere where she is happy and can no longer feel pain 
