e8a9084a63571b8d3639ea87ac6d632a
five weeks and counting until i can see my feet again and fit into my shoes 
hopefully just a couple of more weeks to go!  home stretch!
baby girl addison <propfemale> sandoval was born yesterday   weighing it at 6 5lbs and measuring 20 inches long  unlike big brother has lots of hair which is also dark 
"addison just premiered last night on the television show \i didn't know i was pregnant\""   she looked so cute playing little baby <propfirst> """
happy new year everyone!
it is snowing in canyon country!
is tired of feeling ignored and angry 
just wishing life could be a little less complicated if even just for a day 
would like to see a movie today   but what movie?   and who to go with?
fiscal year end and inventory tomorrow!!!!!!i can hardly wait  sad 
"is greatful for caring, loving friends, especially during times of utter stupidity "
go germany!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this day is turning out to be one of longest ever 
happy fourth of july!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wishing i didn't feel so insecure 
always a good day when new shoes are involved!
more teething fun tonight!
had such a great time last night with a lot of really great people  just what the doctor ordered!
all i want is to get my head and my heart on the same <propfemale>  is that really too much to ask?
i am so tired of people who make plans and then flake at the last minute  sad 
"work is done and now it is time to ring in 28 in style tonight with good friends, bad singing, and lots of alcohol "
had a birthday to remember! thanks to all those who helped to make it that way 
monday? really?
survived first bomb threat at the hospital today!
what to do this weekend since original plans fell through?
 smile 
can't believe my little man is going to be three next month! can't believe that i am planning a party for 15 three year olds 
i just don't think i will ever understand boys!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's actually friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 sad 
"saw a cute movie  cried a little  now i am just going to cozy up, enjoy the rain, a little dinner and my kids "
it has been a while since we have had a good thunder and lightening storm 
"so freakin' wired tonight and no one to help \unwire\"" me  sad """
anybody know a good treatment for horrible diaper rash?
why did my body decide that 3am was a good time to get up today? happy monday!
halloween fun tonight! so excited! who loves <propfemale>?
what a fantastic night! thank you girls!
i am so glad to be getting out of the house tonight! thank you <propfemale>!
sometimes it is nice just to <propfemale> out with the girls! what a great night!
great start to the week   get called out of work early to take addison to urgent care  fifty bucks later have confirmation of double pink eye and some lovely eye drops to try to get into a 15 month old 
so excited not to have to go to work tomorrow!
"one more day of work and then out with friends tomorrow night, jaden's birthday party saturday and passing out from shear exhaustion on sunday "
first official birthday party over! i am exhausted! jaden had the time of his life!  smile 
so glad that it is friday! mommies night tonight!
pancakes from scratch this morning?  this should be interesting!
sprite
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one- to get better  i know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone you know who has died, or is fighting, or has survived cancer, please copy and re-post "
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope <propfemale> was good to you all!
i knew i should have cleaned out the kids room before <propfemale> came!
why can't people make up their freaking minds!
can't wait to get out of here!
two hours and counting!
can anybody tell me what i am doing at work today? ahhhhhhhhh!
not looking forward to my 2 1 2 hour drive to work this morning!
i have two of the most wonderful kids in the world! how did i get so lucky?
