5d11ef94265b096e64ef6dafb90c7dc9
"misses her jakee,,, so im gonna get this smoke, grab my bottle, grab my girls, then go to him  "
watching <propmale> potter with <propmale> and <propfirst>
fuckk you
"your out there and i am in here, where is the problem there?? i just want to go home now  "
happy christmas eveeee!!!!!
i laugh like hahaahaaaa
"yay, i found my cousinsss    smile "
me and <propmale> are about to be on the way to me house   for thee new years  smile 
i like the way you movvvve   wink 
going shoppping with jacob love  smile  smile 
yay   i found some of my old friends from <propfirst>  smile  smile 
<propmale> is playing cod mw 2 with me brother and michael  and winningg  smile 
fa la la laa
"i love my <propmale>, specially when i get him in his ticklish spots  wink "
i really hate being bored 
i think that we just might play monopoly tonight
go to urbandictionary com and type your first name then post your definition as a comment  then post this as your status
gonna be going swimming tonigtt!!!! with the grandma and grandpa's sister smile  smile  smile  then tomorrow we gonna see avatar!!!!!!!!  smile 
"a true friend doesnt care what you are wearing, if your home is tidy or not, if your car isn't the nicest in the world, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones arent perfect    a true friend just likes you for you!"
i love my family!!!!!!!!!
momma's birthday is tomarrow!
"staying with my family for a few days, because i love them!! can't wait till sunday though, when i get my <propmale> back!"
i like it on the bed
making spaghetti!!
i guess that i am going to the pumpkin farm
getting ready then going to work
if you have someone in heaven and wish so much that they were here this holiday season     put this as your status in their remembrance ~?
i got my own phone!!
i hate it when i want to sleep but all i do is think!
i want some taco <propfemale>   or culvers
having some hot sex  
i like tonight
woke up late and now thinking what shall i do the rest of the day!!?!
whatever
"i wanna do something, but i'm not sure what!"
