0db1085bc8c8bdadde8db67f050de62e
going to nyc for dim sum  laugh 
is obsessed with lie to me    be prepared to have your facial e playful ressions analyzed   
got a position working at the bronx zoooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
smashed a jaguar with his truck    not a good day   
has returned from the nyc unicef summit    
is kinda totally excited for transformers    
"transformers 2, prolly one of the best movies ever!!!!"
transformers @ midnight + 1st day working at the bronx zoo = exhausted    
relaxing after a long week
excited for the parkour jam on wednesday   
"had an awesome day full of the zoo, parkour, and parties   "
happy fourth to all!
"noooooooo!!!!! roddick, good game  sad "
got to play with an emu today  laugh 
is paintballing   
got nightvision binoculars    kinda awesome   
is in trumball for another parkour jam   
is in need of something to do   
parkour jam in new haven   
is tired from the zoo and parkour   
"told himself he wouldnt get on facebook today, 2 <propfemale> later he realized he had just signed on   "
finished tiling his kitchen floor   hooray!
is looking for recommendations for music he should download before going off to africa & not being able to download any for several months    please share!
"saw transfomers in imax, yeah that's right, optimus prime was life-size   "
parkour   
"man,not only do i have to pack for africa, but also to move back into a house i won't even be living in  playful "
"is packing for district 9, errr    i mean johannesburg   "
"has left for africa, will have no internet!!! do not e playful ect responses!!!"
now definitely has no internet    definitely don't e playful ect responses   
"is in skukuza, kruger national park, south africa!!!!"
just pet a rhino!!!
"is going on a 2km, 3 hour long zipline   "
is on spring break part 2 in cape town   
is leaving cape town    and internet along with it   
"is back in kruger, with internet  laugh "
is only in africa for 2 more weeks!! craziness i tell you!
is going to the killers tomorrow night in joburg!!!
"killers rocked, and now just chilling in joburg"
is home!!
still getting used to the time zone  - - zzz
just found out that south africa's fast food chain nando's does in fact sell peri-peri sauce in the us  best bday present ever!!!!!!
saw avatar in 3d! that's one more d than 2d!
watched a bird die today after crashing into his window  sad 
wishes all a <propfemale> christmas  laugh 
is sick     playful 
"just installed a 55\ lcd tv in his house o o"""
is packing for school   
is back at <propmale>   
still has sand from sand boarding in cape town in his suitcase   
is amused to find that his kitchen cleaner advertises that it kills any gential herpes virus that would be on my counters   
is watching the vikings game?
"<propfirst>, im sorry, my heart goes out to you   "
korean bbq   
"just found out one can earn $250,000 a year by legally growing and selling marijuana in california! o o"
despises apple products    damn ipod's software crashed   
at the thrashers game   
"is looking for his phone, it's around here somewhere   "
"woot, saints for the come back!"
"to all on <propmale> campus: if anyone is interested in being an actor actress for ryousuke's and my movie, please let either of us know within the next few days!"
has lost his wallet    again   
forgot how much fun it is to watch the olympics  laugh 
"studying for his first real test since africa, why does it have to be intro to archaeology? i think death by a spoon would be less painless   "
why aren't more commercials this blatant? http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=u_ux0ifrh9q
just needs to make it past wednesday    <propfemale> in there body!
damn you canada's men's hockey team   
ihop run   
"with pancakes in his belly, starts to study     health    or could play call of duty   "
atlanta weather needs to make up its damn mind!! snow?!?! really!?!?
campus movie fest finals    fingers crossed   
text vote186 to 41234 to vote for my movie to move ont to regionals! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=inz7jvnvk6s
what is with all the earthquakes lately?
packing for the amazon   
is back from peru    will never take dry clothes for granted again   
just got back from an epic hawks game   
kid cudi    eh   
is at duke
"is back, now work, uggh   "
has been une playful lainably yearning for a cowboy hat and boots   
why is this ecology of the tropics midterm so long?
spent his morning firing shotguns    yes i live in ga   
went to the doctor just for him to tell me to take aleve    o o
trivia night    god damn the bonuses   
stealing someones mcdonalds snack wraps while they are still in line in the drive thru and then having an ensuing car <propmale> (both by car and by foot) and car hide-and-seek around clairmont at 2am is fun    unless theyre your snack wraps!!!!
has surprisingly few welts from paintball   
is classfying fish for a paper    why cant people agree on the same same name for the same fish!!!!!
"is a little creeped out how facebook has now been intergrated everywhere, from cnn to pandora   "
the losers was amazing!!!!! doooon't stop    believing!!!
<propmale> and <propfirst> concert in the rain    this weekend is getting better and better   
"the one piece of apple technology i have, the ipod, is the biggest piece of crap that breaks down all the freaking time!!!! and i'm a pc   "
"things you learn while studying for finals, #12: reading while spinning in a desk chair is difficult and unproductive    yet addicting   "
has just finished watching all the episodes of community in under 14 hours    some say i'm worthless    they're just jealous   
"iron man 2 was pretty good, not amazing, but pretty good"
is horseshoe crab hunting   
is leaving for south africa!!!! (don't try calling me)
"through a series of misfortunate events, deleted some pictures he took, which turn out to have been the best quality pictures of a currently undocumented and new species of bird and is now spending his time trying to recover the delted data   "
cannot access a single <propmale> website and it tells me theres nothing they can do  sad 
will be losing readily available internet tomorrow   
is e playful eriencing world cup fever in za!
is going to the <propfirst> coast v north korea game tomorrow!!!!!!!
is returning to atl soon!!!
"is back in atl for july 4th, and then will be promptly leaving on the 5th   "
i'm on a boat! (crusin')
sometimes my life is like a bad comedy    except i'm not laughing   
that's right spain! go back to your tulips dutch   
is leaving for arizona for an animal behavior field course   
"is actually in new mexico, who'd of guessed?"
starcraft 2    and there goes my social life  sad 
"while returning from buying his electric guitar, had his car catch on fire  sad "
cedar point tomorrow!
is exhausted from cedar point   
"is watching the atlanta falcons players get on \their private plane in the ohio airport   "
is going insane living in a house where everyone leaves the lights on and no one recycles   
is about to have a mangasm while watching the offspring of testosterone and an e playful losion    (going to see the e playful endables)
feels burned out and hasn't even started school  sad 
accidentally super glued his hands together today    twice   
wifi + add drop swap = dropping a class while attending it and consequently standing up and leaving mid-lecture
"honor thesis: catching frogs and salamanders, i am literally getting college credit for an activity i did for fun as a child   "
stressing   
is disappointed in you <propmale> roddick   
"just found out that catching salamanders, takes a lot longer than e playful ected   "
"won a ticket to the dalai lama's office hours, sweet   "
chipotle is my duc
delusional  playful 
"looking for people to help me catch frogs & salamanders on monday from 2-5!!!!! seriously guys, i'll owe you big   "
"hypothetically speaking, if you were to be carrying your cell phone, itouch, bottle of ethanol, a vial with a preserved salamander, and a chipotle burrito bowl, all at once, which would you be worried about dropping the most?"
ice cream!
how does fox know how to screw up tv shows so well?
thank you super mash bros for reacquanting me with the space jam theme song
first place in trivia baby!!
"ecology field trip, gone for the weekend   "
got spanked by an ecology test  sad  what has my life come to?
"\all great scientists have long hair at some point in their lives\"" ~from a post-doc in my lab"""
screwed up and isn't sampling tomorrow!!!! arrrgh!!!!!! now the whole schedule needs to be revised!!!!
"was called a \salamander detective\"" today by a five-year old  laugh """
waking up at 6am to go to work and finding out your car battery no longer holds a charge = one cranky motherf***er
fulbright submitted   
is going sampling alone tomorrow  sad 
"is seeing the dalai lama tomorrow, should be beneficial for my soul   "
getting excited for a baller class schedule next semester   
just won two tickets to a week early screening of the due date   
"went off-roading in my audi, the man in the jeep with custom tires thought i couldnt make it, but whos laughing now?"
woah woah woah woah woah           woah         pandora has a limit to free listening?
rain = salamanders!!!!!!!
"the due date wasn't bad, but could have been better  "
what came first? the can or the can opener?
is tired of everything   
"the salamanders are getting smarter, theyre hunting in packs    the <propmale> has become the hunted   "
apparently zombies can't be under 21  sad 
just finished rocking out to motion city soundtrack in concert!!!
how many times must one get burned before they realize they are playing with fire?
"life is sometimes like a treadmill, you keep running and running but you never get anywhere, but if you stop running, it hurts like hell   "
just fuck it all   
"when the boy dangled the carrot in front of the donkey to get the cart to move, did the donkey ever realize he was never going to get the carrot and gave up or did he keep trying until he collapsed form exhaustion? either way, i don't think he got the carrot   "
"would have been ok with choosing australia over the us, but qatar? really?"
has a <propfemale> new webcam  laugh 
"is very sad, wet, and cold, after sampling in the rain all day  sad "
"only took a week to get my new shoes dirty, just cant have nice things in field biology  sad "
i finally stop procrastinating and open my book to study for finals only to find it has been growing mold  sad 
"is depressed, didn't catch any salamanders and one of my geckos is looking really sick  sad "
just woke up and is pretty <propmale> over but thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
done    tired    sleep   
an event that hasnt happened since 1638 and its a cloudy night  sad 
please vote about my tattoo!
going to the city for new years!
is spending his afternoon watching wildlife documentaries and yelling at the tv when they get their facts wrong    i need to get back to atlanta   
just got an email that his only class for the semester was changed to 8 smile 0 am    went 3 5 years without an 8 smile 0 and now this? way to end it  playful 
"fun game: while eating dim sum in chinatown, count the number of different animal taxa that you consume, it much harder than you think   "
"so my first scuba class is mandatory, meets on wednesday, but all flights to atlanta are cancelled today and tomorrow   "
