ceedd880f2641a3aee0d3fd7354784d3
i am bored
hello world of facebook i am lexi!!!!!!!!!!
i  love  bubblegum!!!!!!!!!
cheese
"yo, yo, yo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
halloween was so much fun!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
aahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"a;lgjoregirfdlk,mvc"
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am so freakin bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hehehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i  love  taking quiz's
i went shopping and got the <propfirst> <propmale> cd
justinbieber broke hisankle yesterday
happy thanksgivig everyone!
i'm soooooooooooooo bored!!
quiz monster has nothing on it i clicked it cause it looked cool but it took 2 long
i'm so bored
some1 txt me 520-437-9554
i  love  watching fat people fall
so bored          i have nothing to do without school
bald people scare me
la bamba!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
there is nothing 2 do i am bored out of my mind sad nothing 2 do at my house and am just bored
avatar is an awesome movie!
awesome i found my corn snake after a year!!!!!!!!! this kinda isn't awesome cause it was frozen and dead!!!!!!!!!!!='(
i'm always so bored
was home alone all day listening 2 my cds over and over and pver and over again so bored and like want school
i'm really really really really bored!!!!!!!!!!!! and have nothing 2 do!='(
i have nothing 2 do!
can't wait for friday and saterday!!! laugh !!!
lol hahaha!!!!!!!!!
can't wait for school tomarrow omg omg hahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is gonna be so bored, and lonely without school! and being home alone! sad "
i'm so bored if u have my number plz txt me!!
don't kanye me or i'll <propfirst> brown u!!!! (jk)
"is at her grandma's, really boring"
ew ew ew ew ew ew!!!!!!! omg ewwwwww
"i'm a dolphin, whats my name? i eat fish, thats my game! and if you want to eat somme grain, you have got to say my name! say y name!!!"
dancing <propmale> bears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm at <propfemale>'s house with <propfemale> and really bored
trixters!!!!!!!! yay!!!
happy easter!!!!
might get a snake!!!! smile  yay!!
fun after easter we get 2 go bak 2 schol sad 
i got this shiny stuff 4 easter it goes on ur eyes & im gonna wear it to schol <propfemale> <propfemale> lol
my snake is awesome!!!!
these past 2 days have been awesome!!!! smile 
='(
elmo's world!!!!!
bomchickawownwow
"\are you guys mentally challenged? if you are i'm sertifiad to teach you baseball \"""""
the <propfirst> derulo at the fair was so fun & crazy! it just ended and it was awesome
 love meteor shower by owl city!!!!! love 
owl city's meteor shower is my favorite song right now!!
just got 40$ babysitting last night!! smile 
going to yosemite!! miss school kind of  don't get to see nobody
i feel like running!!! smile 
life sucks!
okay so how do you say rabbit in spanish?!?!?
"thinks that without school, i am lazy, have nothing to do, and miss peoplezzz!!!  love  !!!"
bahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaaha!!!!! baha!!!! haha!!! hah!! ha! hahhhhhh      
yay yay yay yay it's raining  love   smile   love 
not a happy girl not a happy sissors   playful 
the little things give you away!! (linkin park)
"<propmale> marly: dont worry, about a thangg, cuz every little thangg is gonna be alright "
"\great minds discuss ideas  average minds discuss events  and small minds discuss people \"""""
i  love  volleyball!
whenever you go to costco be sure to walk by each sample cart at least three times
you know you like it !!! press like!!
a while is not a long time
might go to skate country tonight!! i dont know yet!!! playful 
is sad  no reason 
"\my momma always said live was like a box a chocolates you never know what your gonna get until you take a bite of it \"""""
i'm going to eat something cause i'm thirsty!
i turned on my radio and heard this hd radio thing and the <propfemale> sounded like an imposter  surprise 
if my mirror was a person it would say that i am the strangest person ever 
i hate round waffles !
i luv this ipod touch i got for christmas! love   smile 
me and <propfemale> watched <propmale> gump yesterday  run <propmale> run ! lol   playful 
i want skittles 
i luv zombies   surprise  random haha
11th!!  laugh 
 love skype love 
my favorite bands right now have to be escape the fate and avenged sevenfold  favorite song: last resort by papa roach
you peaked my interest 
chuga chuga chuga chuga chooo choooo  smile 
today has been officially the worst day of my life
fall for you-a twist in my story
tilting the hour glass- alesana
"hey kid! do i have your attention? i know the way i've been living  life so reckless, tragedy endless  welcome to family "
science fair is finally done!!!
 smile 
i'm watching rugrats! it's amazing
you don't realize what you have until you lose it  
have you ever loved something you can't have?
haha if your happy and you know it   !!!!!!
a spade is a upside-down heart!!!
"if your life was a song, what would the title be?"
is there another wurd for synonym?
why do we say cheese when we take a picture? what does cheese say when it gets its picture taken?
why doesn't tarzan have a beard!?
i love pandora!!!
life is too short    so talk faster!
i'm on the book of faces surprise 
yay! no school tomorrow!!!
its so cold
summer  love   smile 
liberate-disturbed
i got a bad haircut
"lalala  bored   \anyone have a skype??"
liking things on facebook is fun 
aguzooozooo is my amazing skype name  wink  so skype me ppl!
8th graders!! what high school is everyone going to?? i'm probably going to cienaga 
"we could learn a lot from crayons; some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, while others bright, some have weird names, but they all have to learned to live together in the same box-robert fulghum "
"\life is simple it's just not easy\"""""
i love you !
going to see the roommate with <propfirst> keller
text me if your up please i am bored !
hmm if i dyed my hair what color would look the best on me??
o my ! i got a anonymous carnation!! but from who    hmmm?!?
its e playful ensive to be a girl!
"one of those things only <propfemale> would do   \*my phone vibrates* when i'm standing next to it \<propfemale>: your phones vibrating!!\me: no really? i had no idea"
"\this is my dead fish squishy!\"""""
attttt target
last volleyball practice tonight!!
i had a good practice 
lalala
i'm going to the mall today!!!
some things never go away 
is watching the stepfather   
message me a number and i will write on my wall how i feel about you!! smile 
"614 i want your hair color!! your pretty, i miss seeing you and i wish we got to know each other!! smile "
4554654654654164154897621345678984654987485 smile  gorgeous!!! my tallest girl friend haha who kicks butt a vb!! and is hilarious  laugh 
564756734873 from what i know of you your really cool to <propfemale> with!! we needs to chill or talk sometime!!
123456789 i miss you and hope we get to hangout sometime sooon!!!
678 678  your so pretty i want your eyes!! i remember you were on my first volleyball team (the sport you play amazing at)  you seem fun to <propfemale> around and very social  smile 
6660 your tall!!! and gave to remember yoda forever lmao!! we have to <propfemale> out again 
28 i know your really beautiful! and aren't you in love  smile  haha  you sound really nice and funny  i remember i met you when i was i like 4 grade but you probably don't remember that  laugh  and we should talk more cuz u coool  laugh 
"0856 your really pretty, crazy and fun to be around  like last year advisory , you can be very very very nice!! smile )"
17 i love your hair and shoes !! your too nice to everybody   smile  great friend and i love saturday night live too!
my phone said goodbyee!
alesana  love 
blueberry  sad 
is watching dumbo smile 
in exactly two months  smile 
in drama today i asked a guy to <propfemale> me and walked away with 2 wives and a daughter laugh 
opening night tomorrow night    surprise  let's hope this goes smoothly 
okay for drama i think when we bow we should jump up all happy like the end of high school musical! like if you agree wink 
"the play tonight went great ! nobody messed up , and we all did amazing ! it wuz pretty fun especially the breaks we got ! final play for 6 grade tomorrow !"
everyone have a great break ! smile  text me and we'll <propfemale> out anyone  wink  haha 
skype anyone??
who wants to hangout during this break???  smile 
skype anyone?   
jump on it  laugh 
robot unicorn attack smile 
if their wuz a way to spell that i'd write that on facebook 
bored out of my mind!! surprise 
i'm jealous of every girl that has ever hugged him cuz for a second she was holding my wurld
text meh ppl  smile 
winning!!!
cupcakes are fabulous\\ncupcakes are good\\ncupcakes will give you a tummy ache\\nso don't eat too much!
i don't know what the i don't know   
i am over thinking my next hair dye     too many colors !!!
just found out i actually used to know <propfirst> kingsbury 
someone should messege ne or text me or something i'm so bored hahaha  smile 
"if toast always lands butter-side down , and cats always land on their feet , what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it ?\\n-steven wright"
just cause i want to be different   comment your initials and i'll rate youuuu smile 
mixing up my room  laugh 
finally got a swimsuit !!!
i just poked a whole bunch of people laugh 
i miss talking to you  every second of every day i start a text message to you and don't send it cause i know you won't reply  crying  i miss talking to you    
text meeee people  smile  if you don't have my # message me and i'll give it to you 
strawberry blueberry
 smile 
lost my batman jacket  crying 
i'm white 
"if i wuz a guy , i would totally grow a beard and braid it and make it look smooth and nicee!!!!"
"i never thought i'd see the day when my grandma says: \what's up dog\"""""
love stick's taste so good!
you can't rollar-skate in a buffalo heard 
is the glass half full or half empty ?
how did we become friends ?  smile 
my day has been awesome   smile 
is so tired of people judging me 
"if your at my house , 9 smile 0 is a late time to wake up at "
goodbyee facebook  smile  sum1 shud text meeeee
is annoyed   annoyed 
"awh  crying  , i wanted to go to breakers  stupid alternative "
skype??
