507e65991bf2797e0d9ea87a45fa539d
i'm home! finally!
fear and loathing in las vegas
"\have another drink and drive yourself home \"" <-- hahahahahahahahaha"""
excited for september 22nd  and you should be too 
is going to st  <propfirst> on a mission trip tomorrow  getting back    friday ish  should be interesting i'm guessing   
as cities burn split up 9 days ago  this makes me very very unhappy 
school  ehh
fun    aim and ignite
anybody want to go see minus the bear and as tall as lions on nov 22nd with me? it is a sunday   
hasn't gone to school since tuesday  no finals is ok with me  working friday saturday sunday otherwise i'm pretty much free until montag 
i keep ending up on here instead of microsoft word! ahh!
"mlia and mystery google have pretty much made my night, however they have definitely not done my homework     sigh    "
"just downloaded like, 50 new albums   at least i will have something to listen to for the next two months "
"was attempting to turn left out of the high school parking lot, but my car changed it's mind and did an awesome spin  it wanted to go the other way * *no humans were hurt in the execution of this status, although <propmale>'s faith in his car is somewhat damaged "
"gearing up for spending the next 5 hours at his computer, slaving over a fishbowl and a lit analysis "
"i don't understand why people are making such a big deal out of someone doing something stupid  doesn't that happen all the time? i mean, it's not like saying a simple word will fix anything, and neither will sucking up  chances are, you're not the one who offended the other people  people assign meaning to words, and i'll be damned if most of them haven't learned any better "
well    i'm going to florida tomorrow  nobody die while i'm gone  i wanna see your ugly mugs at school when we get back 
has officially been accepted by iowa state now    but thanks for the condescending assembly anyways!
my sennheiser hd555's came in the mail today! too bad i have to build a fricken trebuchet instead of being able to use them  sad 
"donated some of his spending money to haiti via red cross, and suggests that you do the same  fun fact: haiti is the poorest country in the western hemisphere and one of the poorest in the world "
has a polychronic fear of clowns and kittens
stupid homework  why do you always have to exist and make me busy!?!?
brothersport  that is all 
in a doodling mood 
"not to brag or be vain or anything, but i felt incredibly charismatic today  maybe i'll try it again tomorrow "
"dear chai tea, we should <propfemale> out together more often  i think i am in love with you  goodnight  sincerely, <propmale> irmiter "
daughters of the soho riots 
the grammys: mediocre bands celebrating mediocrity on a large scale since 1958 
off to compete in yazz baand then going up to ames tonight  busy day busy day 
in love with dog problems  nate ruess is a winner 
"going out and about  jaw hurt from laughing so much last night, visiting everyone all the time everywhere forever  tonight should follow the same suit "
is pleased to announce that he will be back at school tomorrow hopefully making life a little less drab for those who care  end of broadcast 
thrice and manchester orchestra at people's court on the 25th of april  10 days after fun  comes to iowa city  april is going to be ahhmazing for concerts 
words do not describe how much fun i had yesterday today  i sense an amazing week ahead 
"you know how those people in the bad comedies wake up and walk straight into a wall because they are still so tired and then the sitcom audience laughs? that happened to me this morning, minus the audience "
i feel like i should see the movie precious now  an education and district 9 also both look relatively interesting 
"goodbye snow, hello swamp  sad "
i feel as if i'm one of the only people that are in town for break  it's boring to say the least 
new obsession: 30 rock 
"movies i've watched recently    lets see  pulp fiction, mystic river, law abiding citizen, the silence of the lambs, the breakfast club    also, a bazillion episodes of 30 rock  i need to stay away from televisions   "
my week is so full of awesome that i'm gonna have to add an 8th day so that i can fit it all in 
"concert was pretty great, super excited for veishea tomorrow though  then i'm just going to die for all of sunday i guess is the plan    it'll be worth every minute of it "
i love walking in the rain  appearing in public all wet and seeing people i knew? not so much 
can't wait for wednesday    then friday    then may 20th 
suddenly feels older and wiser  thank you to everyone involved in making yesterday awesome 
the wall = mind blown
i gots some down time before i have to do anything    time to enjoy the weather 
ksoieowroinvoaihouewuhr good morning everyone!
"what is that intoxicating scent you're wearing, <propfemale>?"
my graduation party is tomorrow  come eat my food 
i drink your milkshake! sluuuurrp! i drink it up!
"just did thank you notes  procrastination, you will not rule me!"
"omaha zoo today with some mildly interesting people    \\almost beat floating down the river on logs "
"\caw caw! the birds of war!\"" -some drunk guy downtown     i wanted to be his friend  he was hilarious during the 12 seconds i saw him  <propfemale> bruecken"""
anyone wanna roadtrip up to minneapolis the 5th of august to see the antlers and the national? i'll buy your ticket    just need someone to go with!
who would have thought that after standing and working for 8 hours my legs would be rather unenthusiastic about a night jog? hmm  unfortunate 
i don't wanna go there mrs  torrence 
work is overrated  i'd have just as much fun with my time if i were a bum 
see ya 
i see that iowa is lookin awesome as always 
road trip the national the antlers day has come! ahhhh! so excited!
gotta put my lip balm on these crusty crusts    stay on your side!
she had too much champagne and a monkey knocked her into some quicksand    coulda happened anywhere!
heima by sigur ros is one of the most beautiful movies i've ever seen    just saying 
hour and a half of studying down    only three more to go!
"things i've dug lately: menomena, madvillain, public transportation, sociology, college class schedules, yadda yadda yadda    college is fun "
just kicked up the coffeemaker    time to make a good-natured attempt to not horrify the locals 
can't write a philosophy paper under two pages to save my life 
"\major sources of unhappiness are selfishness and lack of mental cultivation\""-john <propmale> mill"""
just shaved my head    oh boy 
"kicked the poo outta my polisci test today     like, it doesn't have any poo left in it   "
studying for philosophy for a test tomororrow whilst brushing up on my 30 rock for the season premiere tomorrow     excitement bu<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> ilding 
keeps meeting weird people walking across campus  i love it 
even after two months ames is still throwin' me curveballs 
just realized that i'm gonna go see fun  tuesday    yesssss 
found a <propfemale> face up today  automatic good end to a good weekend? i think yes 
"right meow? no not right meow  later meow  alright meow  well, since not right meow, can i have some ketchup meow? did you just call me ma'am?"
apparently after your third hour in a coffee shop abusing their internet the workers are allowed to start shooting you dirty looks   
"plans on writing \andy\"" on the left foot of overly drunk people this weekend  toy story 3 anyone?"""
"gonna check this yell like hell shenanigans today, did like 300% better on my tests than i thought i would, and this weekend is gonna be totes awesome  wunderbar "
god loves ugly 
hmm   
stomping grounds round 2 
can't wait to see dredg tonight 
going to be at home in less than a few hours  hell yes 
really really really wants to go see black swan  !
can't wait to get back to ames 
"upside of today? finished my first college class!\downside of today? stepped on a poor girl's foot while getting out of my row "
"and so is the beginning of dead week, which means that i will be listening to stars of the lid's discography daily, reading till my eyes get puffy and red, and writing until i can't write no mo'  huzzah "
what makes you think i'm enjoyin' bein' led to the flood?
<propfirst> house home improvement featuring <propfirst> <propfirst> and the rest of the family 
my 2010 album list    it is nearly complete!
bloodbuzzed 
crossing my fingers i don't get another roomate  no e-mails yet!
there is no amount of sleep deprivation that red bull can't fix 
new e playful losions in the sky this year  huzzah 
"cats only meow at people, not other cats  fun fact of 1 18 2011 "
"dear lazy iowa staters,\\if you aren't willing to kick your own ass i don't understand why you would even bother walking over to lied  go somewhere else to sit stand around and text your friends "
the groundhog didn't see his shadow today!
