a1ca8ba64b5254d37d21f696df8ea6bb
"i got tipsy from champagne only an hour ago, but it's worn off  happy new year!"
saw <propmale> weeeeeeeeeee
doing de stuff
"i swear i am so sick of my dp, i already lost those glasses! i shall take a stupid picture and stupid upload it  in fact   "
"dunt hate, tolerate!"
is ultra coolio; fact
does anyone know when school starts?
i can't think of anything witty to put as a status :[
ugh when is school starting? d<
"what are you supposed to say on these status things? \i am sitting \"""""
just figured out where to put my empty bulletin board in my room 
i feel like updating my status so i shall and did!
feeling giddy because sb just gave me the best word
is at <propfemale>'s house  will do homework later  laugh  go go schoolwork!
i've never had a coconut d;
thank goodness it's friday  smile 
pop goes the weasle!
and bingo was his namo!
o - g - n - i - b and ognib was his namo!
sing a happy happy happy happy happy happy song!
my name is <propfemale> pevzner and i am human
1 2 3 4 i declare a thumb war!
facebook is confusing me >[
"dragon tales dragon tales, it's almost time for dragon tales "
is watching pirates of the caribbean at world's end with my mom and making fun of <propfemale> knightley 
my mother doesn't know the difference between sob and sb anymore   
"\be our guest be our guest put our service to the test!\"" -beauty and the beast"""
my mother says i eat like a seagull 
people should only say on here what they'd say in real life  just saying >l
grumblegrumblemunch
there should be more days in a weekend 
when did facebook change its layout?
"i really need to clean my room, i've been putting it off for weeks now "
it's too difficult to e playful lain what pimpin' means to my mom
my eyebrow still hurts
"me: mama, what's my religious view? mom: how should i know? me: i'm optimistic? mom: that's not a religion "
have to do all of my homework today  sad 
"i need to go to bed earlier tonight, i'm too tired during the day "
i love the weekend  laugh 
"i love when my mom cooks for me, it lets me feel loved "
does anyone know how to make money without getting up?
apples are so nice and healthy  smile 
i can't wait until tomorrow  right after school i will sleep!
i lost the game 
how many people still use aim?
i think i enjoy the show knd more than i did a few years ago 
how can it feel like saturday when i didn't have school yesterday?
writing my personal <propfemale> for the yearbook at the last minute 
procrastinating   
my cat is wonderful for warming my hands 
homework day!
i wish mr  keser would hand in our reports already  sad 
<propmale> is the cutest flour baby  smile 
working on my yearbook <propfemale> 
finished my yearbook <propfemale>!  laugh 
forced to go to bed early    the horror!
did anyone finish their history essay yet?
we shouldn't have health on mondays 
finally finished thanking everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  smile  it never takes this long in real life 
holy moly! i woke up around 8am today after sleeping 15 hours 
had a fun day  smile 
why must i do homework when i want to read my book d<
tired  must sleep 
field trip monday  smile 
weekend! yay!
i can sleep this weekend!
after i got home last night i slept for so long 
decided to stop spamming people's inboxes with updated tags 
last school weekend! -cries-
graduation on wednesday and i am freaking out!
i need to sleep well tonight so i can wake up nice and early tomorrow 
where is my mom; she needs to make me food!
"showering, then going to bed "
"i'm scared of tagging people all at once in my photos, so feel free to tag yourselves "
my mosquito bites won't stop itching!
my feet hurt from dancing so much 
stupid facebook! d<
okay tomorrow i will get out of the house! i swear it!
why can't you comment when people post new groups they've liked?
i really really need to do something this summer  i think i might have plans in the future? but right now i need something to do!
people need to stop making fun of my obsessive tagging  it's not even that obsessive! i just need to tag everyone in the picture so i can properly remember okayyyyy??????w>??da s?
i hate when facebook advertises my updates to other people  i don't want my friends to know what i do!
"after waking up every hour until 2am, i finally just couldn't go back to sleep  i hope i'm not tired today "
i have a new favorite show that is only surpassed by doctor who! has anyone heard of <propmale>?
i went to borders and bought a book! i love reading love !
it is so hot  sad 
i have recently rediscovered atomic kitten 
"i was told recently i look like <propfemale> winslet, but i just can't see it "
i just came back from watching <propfemale> petit <propmale> 
saw the last airbender yesterday  they could have done so much better 
have people really been using the friend finder?
going to sleep because i'm scared of my mother 
some of my stuffed animals are such babies >l
i actually have plans today 
just came back from céline <propfemale> guedj's house  yay sims 2!
i'm finally waking up at normal hours 
sitting on <propfemale>'s couch and using her ipod touch  having trouble typing 
"my pigtail braids that luciann <propfemale> <propfirst> did for me are still in place  nothing, not even sleep, can disturb luciann's work!"
"in cape cod for a week, and staying in a nice house   smile "
coming back from cape cod tomorrow afternoon 
i've returned home 
"i got a haircut yesterday  i've needed one for months, so i'm glad i got it done  so now my bangs are shorter and i have layers "
first day of school tomorrow  yay!
"the first day of school was great, except my feet are tired from walking so much "
gfyhjk
<propfemale> is stupid 
nvm i am
céline <propfemale> guedj is hacking me oigjditgj~~~!!!
i love holidays since it means no school 
need to go to bed early for school tomorrow  meh 
i feel so knowledgeable after coming home from another school day 
tonight's history homework is hilarious  nacirema  laugh 
is at céline <propfemale> guedj's house because she says she's amazing 
weekend! i can stay up! i can sleep in!
doing homework 
my mother should be home; i'm hungry!!!
tgif 
"thursday  i just need to get up early one more time, and then i can sleep!"
"my laptop, <propfemale>, won't turn on  i'm bringing her to the doctor once my family makes enough money to fix her "
<propfemale> is fixed! weeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think i slept more than ten hours last night 
my mom doesn't like that i stay up so late on a school night 
please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance & equal rights     93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least one hour?
orange lantern dance!!!
went to the <propmale> school to organize books for their library  i feel accomplished 
i licked the back of my hand and tasted soap  i don't think i've ever ran so fast to the sink 
mint chocolate chip gum smells so good 
"my pants got a big rip in them just now  i hope i can patch it up, otherwise i can't wear them again "
i officially have plans for tomorrow (but more like today seeing it is technically the 31st already   )  yessss!
going trick or treating with <propfemale> karp!  laugh 
"tomorrow i shall sleep, eat some <propfemale>, then sleep some more! and maybe squeeze homework in there somewhere "
"i have a lot of homework this weekend, buttt i can finally sleep!"
thank god it's wednesday  sleeeeeeeeeeeep!
"went to the dentist earlier today  they told me i had a cavity, but it turned out to be a false alarm  and alsooooo i saw <propmale> you there  laugh "
"i might be getting braces soon if it turns out my health care can pay for it  i'm thinking yay, but many people say nay "
going to bed now  i am going to get so much sleep    zzzzzzzzzzz
just saw <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1  go draco!
"i have to clean my room, do homework and go to bed early today  later today "
came back from a checkup a few hours ago  i don't know why we check for scoliosis in school when my doctor told me evidence has shown that it is not necessary to take such precautions unless you have back pains 
still battling with my health care for the right to free braces 
"\liking your own status is like giving yourself a high five \"" is it weird that i do actually give myself high fives?"""
i really really want it to be winter vacation already 
"i got my nose re-pierced today  every time i look at my reflection, i start because of some shine near my nose i'm not used to seeing "
i am so glad we have a snow day tomorrow  i think i'll stay in and celebrate (by not doing my homework) 
i've seen three heated arguments on facebook so far tonight  why do people put so much effort into these things?
i would have had to go shovel my car out of the snow if my mom wasn't told there is a snow emergency and she isn't supposed to drive  thank god for small blessings 
i really feel there should be a comment option on a post of what our friends liked  i always have so much to say to those!
going to the science museum tomorrow  any suggestions on what exhibits to look for?
skype is super cool except when it's being annoying 
i lost the game 
