c90f912ef6087c7e93bde3caf4b4c8cb
is getting my hair cut tonight! yay!
had an amazing weekend  minus the now horrid sun burn   
is off work again  waking up in pain all night was kinda a sign not to go   
is still in pain ow 
is amazed at what just a <propfemale> amount of make up can do 
loves fireworks!!!!
will be okay 
mornings are the hardest  stupid reality 
had a good night   smile 
internet stalking?
stalking internet  
just keep swimming   
why must fb be stupid?
thinks it's already bed time   mmm  sleep 
sigh   
ahhhh!!! heroes starts tonight and i don't get tv stations!!!! i need to borrow someones tv tonight!!!!
has the hickups   
weather proofed my apt   smile  no more drafts 
my <propfemale> died   sad 
time for changes  again 
"applied for jobs, got my new glasses, and got a candle to make my apt smell like fall  good day   smile "
that'll do pig  that'll do 
just sniped some one out of the washers! gotta be fast if you want to do laundry in my building! <propfemale> chow!
needs a topic for her paper  ideas anyone?
how much wood could a wood<propmale> <propmale> if a wood<propmale> could chug beer?
is apalogizeing  i am so sorry  i'm gonna be a hermit for awhile and get my life back in order 
yes   i can not spell 
yay! bowling!
miss the aunts   
is super excited  i get to see new <propfemale> tonight!!!!!!!!!
thinks facebook needs a dislike button on things   
is making spaghetti in to small of a pot  ops   
had a love affir with the hot water heater   
thinks hot apple cider is awesomeness in a cup 
i love glee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is procrastinating  but i've already cleaned the entire apt and am quickly running out of things to do   
advienne que <propfemale>   
stupid weather! stupid job! stupid money i need! they better let me leave early tmrw  i am not spending christmas in <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!
gets to sleep in! woot!!
glee comes out on dvd today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loves music   love 
here we go again     2010 don't let me down!!!!
is bored again 
"duck, duck, llama "
is home 
is now phoneless  text <propfemale> if you need me before saturday afternoon 
is cooking 
"is dreaming of a lazy spring day, with the windows open,  the distant sound of thunder randomly drifiting throughout the air, and someone to <propfemale> up against while reading a good book "
feels like a kid on christmas morning   new books to read can do that   smile 
"just an fyi for my pilot friends, <propfirst> velasquez is now a certified flight instructor "
probably shoulda studied   
really really really really really really wants to go to the gym  stupid knees 
is way super cold 
is saddened by all the bs  the weather needs to be warm so i can go for a ride and get clear of this drama  
has doubts that she will ever use her itunes again    hello pandora 
misses her blackberry   
"for some strange reason i thought this upon waking, 'oh crap i don't have any green on! i need to find some before i do anything else!'  than just now realized it's not st  pattys day   "
has hives  ugh  it itches!
my computer apparently crashed at 10:14  but didn't  chrome is still running but i can't access anything regarding windows?
hermmit time!
dropped her pizza  twice  really?!
looks like it's jayhawk for dinner  yummy!
ahhh  spring break  i think it's nap time 
can't wait for april 13th!!!!!!!! glee!!!!
is wearing a cowboy hat 
anyone want to study for me please?
just realized its thursday    yay!!!!
is bleeding purple! go cats!
needs <propmale> road ice cream  someone wanna bring me some?
is debating whether to ride my bike around all day or ride my bike around all day    why do the choices in life have to be so hard?!?!
feels bright for forgetting her book for the open book test this morning     thanks <propfirst> for letting me borrow yours!
is in shoe happiness   love 
"dear neighbors, please stop walking around  i am trying to mooch off of your internet signal and you are interrupting it  thank you "
alarm clocks only work if you set them   
i apparently forgot to sign my taxes    now it will be twice as long before i get my refund and a <propmale> to see a doctor about my stupid knees     ahhh life you are my bane 
would like new knees  please  ow  ow  ow  ow  ow  ow 
love glee   smile 
                       is about to cry because my professor is such an idoit 
is it wednesday yet?
"i'm happy in my skin, being myself, lets dance "
ahhh  the bliss of clean sheets 
aunt <propfemale>  again   smile 
is wishing she hadn't worn flip flops    cold toes!
needs a desk job asap!!
wants to go back to bed 
hates being crippled 
loves spaghetti 
i'm a gleek    smile 
got stung by some random bug  it was epic  my wrist swelled andmy arm got all blotachy 
malibu+anna=good 
happy may day!
is thinking  could be a bad sign  maybe i should nap instead   
is topping off her good day with some <propmale> road ice cream    joyful 
doesn't feel so good   
is barefoot   smile 
would like something to go right for a change   
"shorts one day, long sleves and jacket the next, ahh kansas how ilove thee  or is it lothe?"
which to take: psych or socio?
is so unmotivated to study for my final in the morning   
has to swim a consecutive 300 yds  crap  i need a pool to practice in asap   
cereal for supper  mmm   
happy birthday <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>!!!!!
"dear thunderstorms, i would really really like to see you  but could you maybe hold off until after i go swimming this evening? -thanks"
wishes for sleep  wish i was either a harder sleeper or the people in my living room would leave      
woooot! done with finals!!! kansas city here i come!!!
wants to move to kansas city!
yesterday =epic   today chipolte+cabelas =happiness 
has been awake for 30 some odd hours   ugh 
good night world 
is watching dr  who while waiting for lost   smile 
6 years all comes down to the next 15 mins   
what the crap am i supposed to do on tuesdays now?!!?   now i'm lost 
feels like kicking something 
"please put this on your status if you knew, or were related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste   will you make this your status for at least an hour?"
is bored   
is super elated!!! my desktop computer just came back from the dead!!!!!!!
"is unmotivated to move from the couch, yet is extremely bored sitting here   "
"to accept the scholarship and hope the rest shows up between now and august, or not to accept and still hope money shows up before august?  (to accept would mean going full time and would cost me more overall than if i don't accept)(but maybe fasfa will come through with a <propmale>?) i have to make a decision tonight   "
would really like to know who called me twice at 1:15 this morning?
   the bravest thing of all    is to hope   
just looked up the symptoms of mold poisoning    and now i desperately want to move  not cool  if any one knows of nice places for cheap in <propfemale> please let me know!
is chilln at the smoky hill river fest  i think there is a funnel cake in my future   
loves the deli people 
"would like a hug  and $10,000 "
oh freecell you no longer pose any challenge for me  sigh  time for something new 
can we pretend that air planes in the night sky are shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
went on her first poker run today   smile   love  riding through ks 
is seriously craving cake 
"ugh  to my neighbors, a  just because you haven't seen my car move from its parking spot since saturday doesn't mean it didn't  and b  i can hear your entire conversation, please go inside, i want sleep "
"got a second job todau\y! woot?"
would like to take dance lessons 
pray for my momma  please and thank you 
mom is out of surgery  went well  they removed a tumor the size of a plumb and part of her colon  doesn't look like it spread anywhere  thanks for the prayers!
is saying adios to sleep 
spent the day with mom  she's slowing improving  hopefully home tomorrow    this will be a long week   
26 misquito bites  that's what's on my mind! ugh!!!
is 99% moved  yay!
just had another lifeguard pass out right in front of me 
is getting paid to watch the storm   smile 
doesn't have to work for the next 15 hours and plans on sleeping 11 of them   smile 
oh! who is <propfirst> galt?
"does not reccomend taking a 5 hour energy,  2 alieve and no food together   "
needs shoes that are as comphy as my flipflops 
"dear body, i would like to sleep now  please?"
lake lake lake   laugh 
pretty sure i just made chewie's day 
wooo! first day of classes   ^-^
is cold sitting in spangles  wish i had internet at home   annoyed 
ahh small town kansas how i love thee 
just had a cute guy pull up next to me at a stop light on this <propfemale> little scooter and asked if i wanted to race 
"dear allergies,  please go kick someone elses butt  thank you "
would really like to stop sneezing now  please?
is really hoping the rain waits till 1    down side to riding the bike 
has new music!!! eeek!!!
sooooooooo booooooorrrrreeeedddd         ah macroeconomics how you stimulate my thoughts 
hates the devil  (ie walmart)
is wearing her bright red shoes   smile 
nap time? i think so 
eeeek! i got the job!!!
lost my phone  phoneless till wednesday!!!
yay! didn't have to wait till wednesday! new phone! now i need <propfirst> ppl!!!!
when did this dagger get stuck in my head?
 love  me phone!
has found a new favorite  dillons chinese  mmmmm 
"turkey, korea, or <propfemale>  pick one please "
has learned today that when a cookie recepie says half    it means half   
i like it on the floor 
is wondering why her upstairs neighbor feels the need to play classical music extremely loud at 11:55 at night  and why she feels the need to dance to it  (okay she could just be walking but it sounds like ekephant foot falls )
just got chewed out by a guy in a wheel chair   i now feel like the scum of the earth  thanks wheel chair guy for ruining my good day over your pet peeve 
hates fb touch! you hear me fb? fix it  that is all 
accidently left a candle burning when i left this morning   ooops    at least my apt smells good now 
"wants mexican food, someone to write a paper for me, a hug, and to stay in bed all day "
"change is instantaneous, it's the deciding to change that takes so long "
"dear procrastination, this relationship we have is no longer going to work for me  please leave me alone to be my productive self from now on  yours truly, the girl writing the paper that's due tomorrow   "
my head is full of poems and rhymes 
is amazed how much warmer the one degree difference on my thermostat makes 
just got all of my christmas stuff out   laugh  (yes i know i broke my own rule of not till after my bday but i won't have time then)
"111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321"
is cold 
feels very loved today  thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!!!
yay baby grace is here!!!!
seriously loves glee 
is watching tailspin episodes and feeling like a little kid   smile 
is on vacation   smile 
is soooooooooooooooooooooooo cold 
is haveing a great monday  odd  maybe its good <propfemale> making up for last monday 
"2 pages down, 6 to go  i will beat you tonight you evil final paper that has been sucessfully ignored all semester!!"
is going to be a mall <propmale> when i'm old 
"take a nap, read a book, put laundry away, go grocery shopping, or watch tv?  take a nap it is   smile   love  winter break "
is dangerously bored 
my back feels like it is in a vice  ow 
"hi, my name is <propfemale> and i'm an orange juiceaholic  mmmmm "
cannot feel my fingers    in my apt    67 is waaay to cold!!! summer please hurry i cant afford to turn the heat up!!!!
is considering being a hermit again  or maybe hibernating till its warm  life is so much simpler under warm blankets 
is having slight confidence issues  going to wear my favorite heels around for awhile   
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>
loves uncleared parking lots and ice 
can't sleep 
"oh my, tomorrow morning you came to fast   "
theres always money in the banana stand   
i got a snow day too!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wants a: to do my taxes, b: warm weather, c: a swing, d: to win the lottery, or e: a good nights sleep   "
"finally put my tree away  sad panda  it was so cute  oh well, bring on summer!!!"
is not watching the superbowl   sad 
how many m's are there in an r?
happy mamosa day!!!
octagon of doom! emaw 
feels loved that my sisters stole my pictures for their profiles   love 
warm air is my happiness   love 
made an entire pot of extra spaghetti sauce    and left it on the counter all day    ugh 
 sad 
'with the father; can't you see him smile?'  miss you already gma   love 
is exhausted  starving  emotionally drained  and behind on homework 
is on the road to freeport ks 
"feels like a little kid  tonight i will be dreaming of blue pickup trucks, cardboard castles that are being attacked by death otters and defended by skilled wordsmen wielding funnoodles  i love reading my email "
wants to be floating in the middle of a lake right now  summer hurry up & get here!!!
my apt still smells like a wire is melting  my landlord looked at my furnace but idk if they fixed it  i hope it doesn't catch fire while i sleep   
is banging my head against the wall in hopes of getting it to stop throbing 
wants to be the girl who is on fire 
ate a happy meal  it worked  i am happy now  and have a cool little <propfemale> <propfemale> in a blue dress   smile 
"well, i almost made it all winter with out a stupid cold   "
eeeek! atlas shrugged comes out april 15!!!
"i'm so very, fly, oh my, its a little bit scary "
is having my own fake pattys day in <propfemale>   smile  i will pinch you today if i see you and you have no green on 
wants to go to the park and swing 
loves cat naps and caffeine 
so being in a car with quarter size hail is kinda a little scary   
is glad it's wednesday 
"i've enjoyed spring break thus far  hiding from people, reality, and pretty much all of my responsibilities makes me want this more often  i've heard weekends can be like this  i wonder if my summer will have a weekends in it   "
can't sleep   annoyed 
yup its monday  i locked my keys in my car 
thinks there should be at least another 5 hours added to everyday    or the ability to temporarily clone ourselves to help catch up on life   
i hate that it took an entire day for my motivation to kick in   ugh 
wants to move to belize  right now 
first official sunburn of the season 
"dear trash man, thank you for coming at 6 smile 0 and stealing the last hour and half of precious sleep from me  please fall off a <propmale>  yours truly, miss grumpy "
just discovered the library   
just deleted all the texts in my phone    hope there wasnt anything important in those   
is thinking about chaining the door to my building shut    i don't think the neighbors realize how loud it is with this wind 
is in love with *seahorses* and my custom chill music station on slacker   love  it's been a great morning 
loves the kansas city area 
"chers devoirs, s'il vous plaît disparaître  ou du moins écrire vous-même  je vous remercie très aimablement, cet étudiant   for some odd reason saying it in french makes me feel a little smarter  even if i just googled the translation "
"to everyone in my life, please randomly break out in song and choreographed dance whenever i'm around  that is all   love "
got my picture taken with <propfirst>! epic day this has been 
"good night world  oh and tmrw please suddenly have 6 extra hours in the day, but just for tmrw, when i wake up  that'd really help a sick girl out "
<propmale> brain pain  makes it kinda hard to write a paper  ugh 
finally has a thesis for her paper  boya  with an hour and half to spare   
"dear mondays, please die in a firey plane crash  thank you "
"fantastic  all of the research i found yesterday, didn't save to my flashdrive  again i say, i hate you monday "
won the lottery  boya 
happy <propfemale> wars day!!!!!!!!
