4767584a4d6c53e911e7917678b42fea
"want to ask, but afraid of the concequenses"
looks like imma be alone for new years  guess ill just talk to <propfirst> then
feel a bit better thanks <propfirst>  ill just make myself better and keep loving you
awake and managing  staying strong and focusing on a different source of the pain
im having so much fun ripping this stupid thing apart  i havent smiled like this in a long time
if im so happy then why am i having a hard time smiling?
"why does my body feel like this? my soul feels heavy, almost as if it is trying to take on physical form  is this what it feels like to truly and completely accept one's self as a multifaceted multidimensional complex human?"
i feel so lazy  ive been dozing in and out in bed with my laptop  laugh 
grandpa passed yesterday  our long road with him has come to an end  his has ended and that comforts us  with love to grandpa <propmale>
"on the way home from attica i saw a bunch of leaves out of my perifrial vision and immediately reached for my side  in all honestly i was thinking \fuck! byakuya!\"""""
i totally go shit on at work last night  thank you god it was at 6:20
saw megamind! it was amazing! i think the best part was they didnt use a bunch of cheap tactics because it was 3d  it was almost like watching a play  definately close to a ten 
actualy had a good night at work  yeah i know pretty big paradox
so excited tobe off tonight i cant wait to <propfemale> out with the guys
at the hookah lounge with the pack    well most of it  sad  but also  laugh  and x x
now has straight hair
wrawr i wanna sleep with my mate
looooooooooooooooooooong day
is extremely worried about <propmale>    
thank you jesus he is alive!!!!!!!!!!!
just made stovetop biscuits    but i dint have enough flour so the dough was all sticky and they turned out weird  still yummy though
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn been nappins all day
day just started and im already lonely   
bwraaaaaaaah
   
"wraaaaaaaaawr digthrough da snow for work then count down more till my birthday, almost a full day with the love of my life!"
"safe, shooken up and getting -100% comfort from my family  yay "
<propfirst> and <propfirst> you both need to sit down with me and have a nice long talk 
wrawr
i need a plot for a video game  okay everyone: lets collaborate!
???????????????????????????
i just got a letter about my accident from a lawyer   laugh  its been three days
ugh just make all the crap stop please
vir sapit qui pauca loquitur 
waiting for my ride to wicked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fucking phone wont do a goddamn thing i want it to and then shes bitching cause apparently she knows more about phones then i do  a phone cant work without the battery inside!!! even if its plugged in!!! but oh no im the stupid one here im the one that doesnt know what im talking about
"apparently pretending to be happy, cutting, smothering, forsaking anything and everything i want or <propfemale> and being in unspeakable pain is who i am supposed to be  if i wasnt gay i would be that person again and thats what god wants me to be  bull fucking shit especially after you just told me you want to smoke and sleep around because upholding god's morals is too hard and you hate it"
yay <propfemale> brought me a great night at work!!!!!!!!!!!!
well that dream died hard and fast
wishin i could spend the day with my man
time ticks forever but a heart of love is made of <propfemale> stronger than hell
my <propfemale> for power has never been greater  merely to feel that i am doing something beyond what i can? to play hero? or is it more simple  just the plain knowledge that i have power 
is everyone in my life mad at me? no one will reply to me on anything
*sighs* i need to cry now i dont know why just do\\nkeep holdin' on
"mutation  it is the key to our evolution  it is how we have evolved from a single-cell organism into the dominant species on the planet  this process is slow, normally taking thousands and thousands of years  but every few hundred millennia evolution leaps forward "
im sorry     i was just trying      and now all of this     
i shouldnt be listening to this but i cant stop
i just fell completely and totally in love again  bittersweet
"lassen sie ihn wählen sie mich  bitte gott, lass ihn mich erwählt"
"so begins my trial  these days shall test me in ways i cannot begin to fathom  the fight will be long and grueling  my strength may fail me  i will, however, fight until the day i die  i will not surrender  my hope will shatter everything that blocks me from my path  i will prevail  i will succeed  i will win over all others  i will love "
spencers school had a shootout  hes okay and no students were hurt  praying for the mental health of the students and faculty and the health of the principle and assistant principle
hopefully hangin with <propmale> and <propfemale> in a bit  laugh 
okay scratch that maybe just <propmale>
im so excited i finally get to see <propmale>
had a great night with <propmale> and worked through a bunch of stuff  wish i had a car so we could <propfemale> out more often
stuck in a nightmarish realm of semi conscienceness
ugh my phone is fried  it stays on till it starts moving
so not looking forward to being single this year valentines day    again     
ugh tired as hell from work    hopefully hanging with <propmale> later and gettin a new phone
was hoping to go out and <propfemale> with <propmale> but looks like thats not gonna happen
i actually want <propmale> to get called off work? oh wait he has moneys so its okay  laugh 
learning to crochet!!!!!!\\nkeep holdin' on
i wish people would realize that to me the smallest promises are the most important
can it be true? has hope actually paid off?
hopin <propmale> gets his car! and im starting my first project  laugh 
had a great night with <propmale> woooot
ugh couldnt sleep yay me    
yaaaaaaay new pnone is workiiiiiiiiing
"working on a lot, trying to get what ive messed up back on track  i also really hope that i succeed in trying to get the one person that means everything and more to me to fall in love with me *dreamy sigh*"
feels so special right now and is on an amazing high of happiness
thinking about the most amazing man in the world    *smiles and drifts into sleep*
omg congrats lynnea on the facebook song i knew you'd go far
i wanna go to the hookah lounge tonight but i dont really have a way to get there     i really wanna <propfemale> with a friend   god knows i need it right now    but i have no way to see anyone   
i feel trapped and alone    
another night all alon in my room    yaaaay       
why is my heart deteriorating like this     what have i done to cause myself this pain    this suffering       i have been strong     i have healed     why must i feel like i am going backwards      why must i feel      alone     
i just want to <propfemale> out with someone is that so wrong
anyone wanna <propfemale> just text    please?
at rosewood wth gamma my fingers no workie omg its six in da mornin
wooooooooooow did we really just do that <propfirst> kenworthy?
i have not slept since i woke up for work yesterday     oh dear   
i still cant sleep *cries*
still cant really sleep again
i wanna go to dennys anyone with a car game  laugh 
at dennys with the most awesome guy in the world
just got back from dennys it was awesome just like i e playful ected  laugh 
i just picked up three extra shifts for this next schedule  by the end ill make just over a grand before taxes woohooo
i feel extremely ignored by everyone i know    why? no clue
"i had a crazy ass night and i figured what the hell ill try this to cheer me up\in-box only: tell me something you have always wanted to tell me  and i'll keep it between us  put this as your status and see what you get  smile "
after 30% taxes ill make $1200 this schedule
*sighs* i didnt think about this before    
working on a project woohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
just got off text me before i sleeps
off to work again
workin a 3-11 midnight double tonight  woohoo
just had to reactivate my phone cause apparently when i got my new phone i was supposed to recheck 'auto refill' and i didnt   woops   
needs some serious prayer for my family  now 
so     shity      sjo     painful     
just got off work    even my toes are stiff    
103 0        fuck               
is this real? am i understanding? what is this feeling that consumes yet voids? is the truth of love truly this powerful to instantly change my this way?
i am in love  no one will ever change that 
woohoo im working on a medley arrangement ive wanted to do for yeeeeaaars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
feeling better    sorta     i think im so happy that my body is in overdrive fighting this thing off
i sooooooooooooo sound like a neck breather right now
*cries* i had to call off work
waitin for the doc still feel like shiiiiiiiiiiiit
zpat and cough meds blech
i feel icky in places taht i didnt know existed    at least i have my mind clear again
super <propfirst> 64 wooooooooooooohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
teacing <propfemale> chess  laugh 
you act like you wanna <propfemale> out today then you ignore me all day  its killing me
oh omaha westside technicolor showchoir you never fail to cheer me up
stayin at waters until i have to work again tonight  everyone i care aout better stay safe  night yall
as of seven oclock tomorrow morning i will have been here for three days solid
im hooooooooooooooooooooome
save meeeeeeeeee
just got back from an awesome night with <propmale> got some new earrings and had fun signing shit randomly  laugh 
soooooooooooooooooo who wants to talk
vip at hooooookah loungeeeeeeeee
just got back from the hookah lounge yay had an amazing time with an amazing guy
you are such a fucking disrespectful little ingrate!!! how dare you come into someones home literally screaming!?!?! being loud is one thing but you were legitimatelly screaming your fucking little dumbass head off!!!!! especially when you know that someone is there and asleep because they work fucking midnights and works every fucking sunday night!!!!!!
working on a movie script
everyone read my note and tell me what you think
yay i won the super bowl
fuck it all dammit
woot on <propfemale> six woohoooo
i feel so left out            
omg go ichigo
i feel like i have no friends whatsoever            
tried too hard and fucked up bigtime     
"the price is wrong, bitch!"
"open my fucking mail and you e playful ect me to respect you? that is not a giving  respect is earned  so fuck you gramgram, no i dont respect you  i didnt think it was possible but i respect you less than i did before"
"so gramgram read my post and got pissed off  it wasnt directed to just her stupid, so she is refusing to do my hair  whatever ill do it myself in the morning as close to when she wakes up as i can so she has to smell it as long as possible"
anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight? i wanna actually have fun and i cant do it here
why are people treating me like shit all of a sudden? what did i do that everyone thinks its suddenly okay to walk all over me
dammit my voice still isnt back i wanted to record shit and put it on youtube *cries*
just got my hair done
im e playful laining entiar to someone  laugh  i forgot how complicated it is lolz
"gonna try to record a duet with myself, hopefully my voice cooperates"
???????
just got over $1000
i just wanna be your fucking friend dammit
ugh i feel restless and unwanted
*deep breath* everything will because everything is  fear tests hopes answers  cry through the pain and fight through the sorrow  happiness just might be on the other side
"as of right now i am completely unavailabe  i will not respond to texts, calls or anything on facebook  i will post again when i am once agan availabe "
thank you <propfemale>  your death bed has showed me many things  i love you my friend  i will mourn you when you leave us  i am filled with newfound wisdom andi ghank you 
"<propfirst>, i need you to come hid me away from people"
just waitin
just bought a webcam and camera wooot
"walked to fuji with <propfirst>, then went to <propmale> world and got a webcam and a $600 camera then walked to the hookah lounge and <propmale> stopped by  still hangin at the lounge with gamma but starving"
i got exactly what i wanted out of that camera now can anyone take me up to <propmale> world to return it?
so imma use my camera as much as i can before i have to return it
omg bleach was fucking amazing
$1300 woooooooooooot
"i've been in darker places than most of you could ever fathom and yet people completely disregard everything i say  why? i have been in, and more importantly, gotten out so one would think that my wisdom would be gold in the eyes of those i reach out to  oh well what do i know i'm just some dumb ass "
"okay everyone crash course on me: ive been raped and molested my whole life  i still have <propmale> issues when people, especially guys, compliment me constantly  i freak out when you touch me  i cant handle being cornered  if you want me to do something do the above to break down my mental barriers  you just read an instruction <propmale> to fucking <propmale> over"
you all wanna know why i stopped taking my meds then fine they stoppd working dammit they dont help anymore theres no point when i <propfemale> to fght harder on them than i do off then
"okay, everyone let it go  we all know enough of what happened to know that no one is hurt  leave it at that  all this bullshit 's<propmale>' talk or whatever you want to call it needs to end now  all that does is stir up drama  \imma kick his ass\"" \""shes a bitch\"" all that fucking shit is making me sick  grow the fuck up"""
"why dont you want professional mental help?\because it means itll make me stand on my own two feet"
ogenki desu 
"tired, might take a nap    probs will    text"
thiiiiiiiinking about recording something and putting it on youtube thoughts anyone?
my car is fixed
i have the undeniable need to use fenix  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
hookah time!!!
hookah time!!!
"so heres a list of possible covers ill do  i want everyone to vote annoyed poor unfortunate souls\<propfemale> la <propfemale> (six parts)\no surprise\listen to your heart\seasons of love (eight part i think   ?)\hes my son\love story\how to save a life\little wonders\or any wicked song"
so i dont think imma upload anything cause no one cares enough to tell me what they wanna see   
little wonders it is!
theres a difference between a bit and later  i wish people would start keeping their promises to me     *curls in a corner and cries*
does anyone know how to photoshop wings onto someone?
   ive never wanted to kiss him as badly       its never hurt so much to not     yet its never meant so much to deny myself     
so stressed that i screwed up three times today  so this begins day 1 again
fine ill just buy the fucking game
"something has changed with in me, give me this moment, something is not the same, this precious <propmale>"
fucking programs lying their asses off  if it wont play on the internet dont tell me that you saved it in internet format
got a looooooooooong day ahead  pickin some stuff up at the mall then appling at apartments yaaaaaay text if you wanna come wiith
lolz great night with mah peeps
yay my first singin vid is up woooooohoooooooooooo
blech           
cant sleep  i tried     i tried my best        i just cant sleep         
so much i could record but idk what!
sorry everyone it would be up but i chose high render instead  maybe the volume problem is fixed?
fucking program was 'uploading' for an hour and a half to tell me it failed   
fine ill use this one
got my appartment!!!!!!!!!!
"my gma is makin fun of <propfirst> scheen and she seriously said \total bitchin' rock <propfemale> from mars\""  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh """
"???????????????\???????????????????????\????????"
writing a duet for <propfemale> and myself wooooooooot
lolz   just   just lolz
i had a lot more fun than you think  just because it took every fiber of my being to control my heart doesn't mean i wasn't happier than i have been since last year
just saw a bunch of posts that remind me of <propfirst> 
25th needs to hurry the fuck up
yays <propfemale> is hacking u cuz i luvs u <propmale>  love 
if its a test let m finish now or ill fail  if its not save me from the hell  my skin is cold and my soul is dark  where is the one who saved me?
so i got called off cause i have too much overtime to just pick up two hours  well shit
my head hurts so so so bad    fuckin sleep headache
waitin to get my pics done at the church i get my own wooooooot
this time i have a right to be made  last night you said we would now you say you already have plans  it kills me when you do this  why? why do you do this to me?
"why     why is this      no      i do not care why     but i do      dammit! why is my emotional side so much more than everyone else? why do i have to be cursed with feeling so much, so intensely at the same time? why can't i just be normal?"
i        love           but this was friendship not love              im not the bad one here              am i              ?
you seem to have made your choice   
*sighs* dash you just cannot see  what is it that is blocking you from the truth? i am not like everyone before  i am someone all my own  someone special and unique  my feelings are pure  ask anyone  i sense what others cannot  believe what i say  you know better than anyone that i cannot lie to you 
yay fucked up again
wow  just wow 
ugh      gparents know im smoking  on the best side though only three months left
goin with <propfemale> as a protector  rune if you have ever taken over now is the time
i will not be known as merely an ex you dirty little ass fuck bitch
just got home from hangin with <propmale> <propfemale> and <propfirst> (spelling   ?) had a blast watchin <propfemale> bitch the fuck out of the manager  laugh 
goddamit fucking bullshit
"\you jumped on it like a drag <propfemale> on a cheap pair of nylons\"""""
why does every one feel the need to play with my head?
jesus fuck my leg still hurts
bwrawr
"i love you  i love you best friend, protector, defender, partner in crime  you give me arms to cry into, a place to hide and a smile to wear  i love you in more ways than i can bear  i love ypu my one and only"
cant work till friday      
pain        
back to work tomorrow? please dont make me
at the hospital just got a blood patch  in an observation room  god my back kills
"thank you <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfirst> for making my visit so amazing "
"back feels a little better but imma ask the nurse if im cleared to take a shower, i think thats why im itchy  i feel so nasty"
"had to settle for a bed bath, my back hurts like hell now but im clean "
*sighs*
i need another blood patch    make the pain go away         
"why is it the times i truly need you, you arent there? i fake i can handle when we all know i cant     i need you now moreso than in a long time but why should i get even the simplest of needs met         "
my body is a bigger bitch than <propfemale> <propmale> on her period 
am i forgotten again?
"sorry about the angry and depressed statuses, especially that last one  i am just so frustrated and embarrassed and weak  i have to call someone in to empty my urinal because i am not allowed out of bed "
i aaaaaaaaate foooooooooooooooooood
       ow            
i am so fucking sick of pissing
wow didnt know i meant that little  apparently drama is more important than i am
i love you  just five minutes with you and its like the world is right again  you make me so happy and i have fun with you no matter what we talk about or what we do or how long  thank you for everything  i love you
that was rather embarrassing <propmale> larson i dislike you at the moment
damn you hospital       *cries*
home today? sounded like it
omg     im home
i give up  i just give up  i try and try and try and try but when i finally voice my real feelings it is suddenly decided we just won't talk about that anymore  whatever   
fucking pain medicine and goddamn headache  what the fuck are you making me think!?! i want my head back now dammit
"strong    strong      i need       music      *sighs* i know everyone hates it, but it has given me so much strength "
if you could just understand if you only knew what id give to lay here beside you im sick of pretending these pillows are your arms  i want your heart and nothing more  ill do everything to win you back just dont give up  you swore you would do anything to make this work so start keeping your word and see in your heart that we are in love
what kind of demonic curse have i fallen under? not even my own best friend understands me 
anyone know a good lawyer?
how does everyone like the new pic?
*cries*
dammit why can't i feel a name this time? first time this has ever happened     maybe while i'm packing today  laugh  ill figure it out
damn i could use lightning right about now  i'd be done packing      now  actually the second period but you wouldn't register what happened until the 'now'  laugh 
unicorns and glitter!!!
so today has been a mountain climb  started with me blacking out for the first time in nine months (accurate?) packed then got my bed and my chair and then <propmale> out with <propfirst> <propfirst> and then <propmale> larson for a few  now watching failure to launch for the first time from about halfway through with my grandparents  wow only me
and so it begins
amost completely and totally moved in  just waiting for a few furniture pieces tomorrow and then ill be done for now  i love my place!
so excited <propmale> got his present and loved it wooooooooooot maybe a nap before work?
first night without company so wat do i do? musicals popcorn and monster  oh yeah
ugh another night of no sleep  guh stupid stupid stupid  definately sleeping the shit away when i get home  after housework that is
hey yall im having a sorta house prty like thing tomorrow  just text me or inbox me if you wanna come and ill give you my adress 
meh     i fucking hate going back on my meds    this is so damn emotionally painful to deal with the increased symptoms 
doreans comin over then i gotta go do laundry  gonna be a good day  bills are paid and im off  ill text and post when i get back then yall can just show up
ah the power of real and true happiness how i love you
so excited gonna saveup to get my tattoos and a weight bench and ab cruncher  laugh  laugh  laugh 
hangin with <propfemale> yay
<propmale> + @<propfemale> evetts + musicals = doom
damn you fucking control
and the knife is twisted even deeper
so may emotions andthoughts for one mind  lookin forward to a good day but damn i need stronger meds
this gives a whole new meaning to crackin open a cold one  love you <propfemale>  playful 
i feels fuuuuuuuuunny
wow i must be the luckiest guy in the world to have all that i do  had a great night and now im just curled up warm in bed
i just licked mah own nipple
"goin to around the clock with <propfemale>, my friend with 'benifits' lolz, then shes comin over to do my hair  then helpin at church and dennys  its gonna be a good day"
nothing could ruin this day for me save maybe a plane  itd better be a big fuckin plane ad be landing nose first in jacobs face lolz
sittin in the sun while my laundrys goin  shoulda worn shorts but whatever
beautiful night out and a nicd quiet evening alone with my thoughts enjoying the mundain things of life
so i passed out before the storm started an didnt wake up once  anyone wanna fill m in on what i missed?
is beginningmy independant study of nursing to get a head start on my classes  not tha i have ay classes to prep for but soon i hope to enrole for an rn program
nervous yet excited  happy but scared  my mind is foggy and my thoughts are clear 
gurh in such a weird mood  thanks <propfemale> for the couches and chairs  feeling insanely strong emotionally and i love it
lolz an all nighter wth gamma turned into a snoozefest at three  playful 
woot hangin with jeeeeeen tonyght!!!! and today and into tomorrow loooolz then family getshere sunay yehaw
im starting to take offense  why the hell wont you talk to me?
yay lightning
this bullshit with her is about to makeme go over her head  way over it 
wow that hurt  maybe because i never ot to do it or maybe cause im having <propmale> issues with my mood
*sighs* ugh dammit tired and icky and whatever
what have i done
eatin with family once food is done and then hangin with will later
meetin will and textin <propmale>  thisll be a fun night
woot cooooooooffeeeeeeeeeeeeees
hhreredhrehee pwetrtu cooklersws
"engage thy enemy not with prowess or wit or skill but with determination from thy hearts indignation that strives for thine own yearning\- maties alterio"
in great pain comes great solace  in great solace comes great wisdom  in great wisdom comes great duty  in great duty comes great pain  in this circle comes life  in life comes joy 
