d42afca47c8d43f2dcaa01715982d55f
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys
got his licensce today!!!!
going to the tennis courts
going to spring lake to play tennis
happy birhtday aedan
i believe in <propmale> potro!!!
i proved <propmale> wrong today on a physics problem     smile  smile  smile 
"let's go yankees, we are going to take game 3, whenever it starts"
is so excited that there is a great possiblitity that ms  u is going to be our tennis coach for the tennis season again !!!  laugh 
"ok so the class of 2010 is officially cursed,  we just had our fourth gas leak in 6 years, plus a lockdown for about 5 hours"
"happy holidays to all, and i will see you all next year, except for the few i might see over break "
i dont like organic chemistry at this moment
ok so it takes like 2 months for njit to send me a email that they recieved my application and that they are finally reviewing it   they say i will here from them in 10 bussiness days
"australian open starts next sunday    smile , can't wait to watch some great tennis matches "
"got accepted into njit, now i just need to hear from rutgers   at least i am college bound now"
"had a great game night and stuff with <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale>   i'm hoping to do it again some<propmale>e   maybe <propmale> will ne able to get this bowling thing down       lol"
just finished watching a great tennis match between <propmale> potro and <propfirst>
finally got accepted into rutgers!!!!
is extatic because ms  u is offically be named the boys tennis coach for 2010!!!!!!
finally got my raquet back from getting it restrung!!!!(its only been like 3 days but still)
hates that my research paper is half a <propfemale> short   sad 
"tennis season will official start on monday  i am getting so pupmed up for this season, it will be a good one, and even if we dont beat <propmale> or a team of its calliber we will still go to checheo's    smile "
is so sad that rajet and me lost our first varsity match today against woodbrigde(especial when we should of won)   sad 
"finally back from my aunt's house for easter dinner, now it is time to get ready for the first game of the season where the yankees are going to kick some sox butt"
"heading to the tennis courts to play a match against jfk, all should come and support us    smile "
"i think i might have a problem with my tennis playing, i hit 3 of my oppenents in my first three matches, and that's half of my oppenents     lol"
is sad from yesterday because i did not hit anyone of my oppenents with the tennis ball ending my streak at 3 matches   sad 
"is very happy on how rajet and me played today in our doubles match against sareville today, even though we lost, it was a good match"
just got back from gmc's
"had a great day today, even though i lost my tennis match to woodbridge today, which i played like crap   the things that made it great was getting 8:57 on the mile(first time under 9 <propfemale> ) and i got a super duper gift from a really good friend (thank you <propfemale>) "
"has completed the last mile run in my high school career and got a personal record of 8:20, beat my old time by 37 seconds!!!!  laugh "
had my last gold card picnic day in my high school career
"just finished watching the federer soderling match, and soderling was not joking around this time!!!!"
is so excited for catapult day tomorrow!!!!!
had a great time at catapult day   it was the best one yet!
got my raquet back with brand new strings!!
does anyone want to play tennis today?
"had a great <propmale>e at game night with <propmale>, griffen, sai, and my brother   i would like to extend my thanks to <propmale> for allowing us to have game night once again into the late hours of the night"
almost done with my chem presentation and the paper that goes along with it!!!!    laugh 
my pro staff has finally arrived!!!!!!!  smile 
"loves my new prostaff, i feel like i can play somemuch better  except when it hits the top fo the net   and somehow i got a 86 on my english final without even trying"
last day i am going to be a minor!!!!!
is anyone going to play tennis today?
had a great time at project graduation last night morning and is sooo glad to have finally graduated from sphs!!!!!!!!
"so i stop watching the ishner-mahut tennis match at 2 to play tennis, come back 4 hours later and they are still playing, holy cow, this is insane"
"anyone that was on the tennis team last year and wants to improve their game, griffin and i will be at the tennis courts around 2"
"happy 4th of july everyone, remember what this day represents and spend some time honoring the men and women in uniform that lost their lives for this country, then spend time with your family and friends, have a good one!!!   smile "
"just got my ap scores, i got a 3 on the chem and the calc, and a 4 on the physics b exam, at least i will get some credit"
is soooo happy that i came in third place for the poconos tournament
"playing volleyball in the rain is amazing, we should do it again"
"going to be at the tennis courts(spring lake) around 2 smile 0 if anyone needs to get in contact with me, you can just come by   smile "
congradulations a-rod on your 600th homerun!!!!!
"needs to get my k factor restrung, geez i hate it when my string brakes, i wish they made a string that never broke   sad "
finally bowled over 100 yesterday(100 and 101) but it still counts !!!!!  laugh 
"playing tennis tomorrow around 1 smile 0-2 surprise 0 at spring lake if anyone wants to join me, i can't believe i am going to be starting college in a couple of weeks, i am so excited to start the next chapter in my life "
at the tennis courts come if you want
"i wish it was winter right now, and then i would not have to worry about this stupid rag weed choking me to death   i hate allergies!!!!!!!!  sad "
"watching <propfirst> fish take on the great <propmale> federer, this should be a really good match"
felt like i just wasted like 2 hours of my time at the convocation for engineering
well first day of classes pretty much blowed
"well my second day of classes were still boring, but at least all my professors showed up and actually did something productive, even thought they are teaching me basic chem "
"so i am taking physics 1 for the third time or something like that, but i think i might enjoy it because the professor seems to be out their so i should be entertained, but the course will be so boring   sad "
is anyone playing up for tennis today tomorrow??????
anyone playing tennis today???
"2 hour breaks between classes really blow, and this is how i spend my time in between those classes, this is really great"
"good luck to all those that are returning to that crappy school called sphs, for the ones that i care about and if you dont know who that is you can send me a msg, i hope that you survive, also i am feeling like in the genrous type of mood so if any of you guys want to know some<propfemale>ng about me <propfemale> is the time to ask, just send it to my inbox"
"my classes tomorrow are going to be a pain, i am only going to be in class for like 10-20 minutes maybe, and then spend like 40 minutes or so commuting, its like why bother going to class"
"well i just finished writing my paper, i shoudl proof read it, but i think since it is just a rough draft that i will just let it go"
"tennis tomorrow at 2 at spring lake, be their or be square"
"trying to kill 4 hours between classes, this really blows"
"geez, waiting 20 minutes for class and doing nothing is worse then waiting 3 hours and doing hw"
"cant wait for wed , going back to sphs to see dp and mr shah!!!!!    laugh "
"why is everyone already considering changing their majors and school has only started like 2 weeks ago, the classes cant be that hard already that it is stressing everyone out   can someone help me understand????"
so who's playing tennis tomorrow around 2???
so whos playing tennis today??
"going to play tennis at spring lake if you want to come, you are more then welcomed, if need to get in touch with me call me or griff"
finally beat griffin in a set of tennis today!!!!!!!(set score 6-4)   smile 
"why does matab hate me, if anyone knows how to use it, please help!!!!"
"is so excited because i will actually be able to do my computers project and actually understand what it is talking about, but i still have to hope that the program is not stupid and gives me error messages saying that there is a problem with the way i entered it "
"going to be at the tennis courts around 2 today, hope to see some of you guys there(spring lake)"
finished my computer project without any problems!!!! finally something in that class works the way its suppose to
"why is college so boring,  i dont understand why i got to class most of the time, it just waists my time with useless information"
"just saw social network last night  it is a great movie, i would recommend that everyone should watch it "
got a 96 on my first calc exam!!!!!!!!
feels relieved that i finally got my matlab program to work with all the stupid requirements that my teacher put into it 
"anyone up for tennis today, or just want to <propfemale> out?? just let me know"
"should i by another prostaff 88 since it is only $150, i love the racket, but i dont really want to pay that much money especially since i dont play much anymore, love to hear what you think i should do     thanks for your thoughts"
managed to pull out a 100 on my computers for engineering project when i e playful ected to get a 0   super excited about this complete 180 of my grade!!!!    laugh 
happy thanksgiving to all those that play played a significant role in my life
got a 100 on my second calc exam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"only 2 more hours, then my weekend can finally begin, but my weekend involves working on my program and studing for computers   sad "
"out of curiousity, how many people believe that i should be at a better school than rutgers, and that i am smarter than i let on to be???"
"2 finals and 4 more days till i am free for winter break, why cant the 21st come faster??"
95 on my calc final!!!!!!!!
"last final for this semester at 4, i cant wait to finally be done with school for a month"
no more finals!!!!!!!!
"today is a day to remember the true meaning of christmas   christmas is not about getting presents or anything of what the holiday stands for today   it is about giving your heart, mind, and soul to the world and to the ones that you care for the most   be extra kind to everyone you meet today    most importantly today is meant to be spent with family, and to have some fun   happy holidays everyone!"
i feel like i need to play tennis right about now   it has been way to long since i played   i am going through withdraw symptoms
"today is a day to be with your significant other   don't spend money on a useless store product, instead show your significant other what he she truly means to you   this is worth more than diamonds because your gift will be priceless and your significant other will love it so much more because it came from the heart   happy <propfirst>'s day "
"is really pissed off that i cant enjoy the nice weather because i have chem lab at 1:40 to 4:40, this class is going to be a real pain in the butt"
"my dumb chem lab just ruined a perfectly good tennis day, and i so wanted to play tennis since it has been months since i stepped onto a court   curse you chemistry!!!!!!!!"
"had such a great day, enjoyed the great weather, played tennis for the first time in like 3 month(even improved some once i got back into it, if you can believe that), and know its the weekend"
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you before my father at the gates of heaven  this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this  just copy and paste     no shame here!!"
"first bunch of my first mid-terms are finally over, i get a break from all my exams till about tuesday  sad , why can't it be spring break already, i am so tired of this school crap(it is taking up way to much time)"
"this week was way too long after i had the monday exam, and right now, mainly because chem lab is just such a pain in the but, i am wishing it was spring break tomorrow, unfortunetly it is not for another 2 weeks   sad "
"had another great day of playing tennis for about 4 hours!!!!! i love this nice weather, please don't go away"
heading to the tennis courts if anyone wants to meet up with me
"its a real shame that i could not play tennis in the best weather we had this year, but this spring break was not a complete washout, did about 14 hours of tennis in the course of 4 days"
"had a great day of tennis, and am looking for another great day tomorrow, this has been a decent spring break(6 out of the 9 days were full of tennis)!!!!!!  laugh "
its really funny how you could go from such a great day before and than have it ruined because of a stupid moron
