61a46bb7b17d4c30b79bda79361e58d5
: thank you for all the birthday wishes haha (yes i know i am late on this     sorry)
: last 2 weeks in japan      taking requests now if you want me to bring you back something  just send me a message 
": had my cell phone stolen     lost all contact <propfirst>     call me or send me your number, but don't blame me for not calling, since i don't have any <propfirst> !"
    is bicurious 
: going to watch zombieland at a midnight showing  it better be worth it  annoyed 
rule #2 double tap
downtown tonight       you are all invited      let me know if you want to join in on the fun 
 laugh owntown again tonight     let me know if you want to join in on the fun !  laugh 
: round 3 !!! saturday night downtown ! wow its not even spring break yet ! let me know if you want to join !  laugh 
: south padre island for spring break !!! ocean and bay view condominium at the sheraton south padre island beach hotel & condominiums  march 16 - 18     hell yeah  laugh 
"south padre island tomorrow !!! 4 <propfemale> hotel and endless fun , can't wait !!!  laugh "
south padre island !
: dollar beer night ! thurs college night      who is down for some downtown ?
pluckers tonight at 8 smile 0 !!! come eat with us !
i would bang all the girls in final fantasy xiii  then again i'd bang anyone even men
loves his hbo channels  =p
: downtown tonight !!! time to get my drink on =p
will probably get pretty fucking drunk tonight      bring it on alcohol !!! =p
: only 1 more day of exams ! bring it on mutha fukkkkkka! =p
is done !!!  helllloooooo summer! =p
: insomnia     
is going to japan for the summer !
is bored     anyone want to do anything ???
:time to have another productive day !  laugh 
": 7 <propmale> of kayaking yesterday , gladiator games this morning , now off to do some bike riding     i need to get back in shape this stuff is killing me ! =_("
is about to play some tennis and try to meet up with all of my amazing friends before packing all night for japan in the morning   laugh 
: hello japan ! a month without 100 degree heat?!! now time to get into some trouble =p
": taught a japanese bartender how to make a four horsemen and a 5 <propfemale> general lol  the look on their faces when i said \1shot\"" was priceless  world cup soccer with korea and way too much alchohol = great times      wish my drunk homie and all my friends back home were with me lol     <propfemale> nguyen you know i am talking about you! lol"""
thanks for all the birthday wishes  its good to know the my friends wont let me forget that i am becoming so old      thanks friends !
: come on korea! stop slacking off !!!
: usa !!! come on get in the game !!!
what a shitttty call!
way to go usa     nice 2nd half !  it was 3:2 in my books! stupid refs !!!
goal!!! come on korea 1 more !!!!
usa !!! i love you <propmale> !!!       no homo      laugh 
is finally back home in <propfirst> !!!
": wow, over 100 hours logged into my final fantasy 13     so much awesomeness and so much fail all at the same time -_-"
: tubing saturday if anyone is interested !
\if you suffer your people to be ill-educated, and their manners \61a46bb7b17d4c30b79bda79361e5 laugh 5,lacks motivation to do anything school related      sad 
: i like it in the back seat    
": fml i am tired, worn out, and feeling ragged      i need some alcohol to make it all better     "
did anyone here take principles of management and enjoy it ???
anyone good at management ?? i have a paper to research and write     will pay well for help!
ah the library !!! i feel out of place -_-
i wish study guides would do themselves ! -_-
"i am starving, tired, sick, thirsty       and still in the library! fml"
downtown tonight !!! oh yeah this will be pretty epic!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope you all are having an amazing time with your friends and family !!!
ugh  life sucks        
