1e7134f22579863b6baa1717249954e3
"is a bit hoarse, but flogging <propfemale> was awesome! happy new year everybody!"
thinks that being in a strangle-everybody-in-sight mood and helping with cradle roll might not be such a good combination 
is somewhat nauseous   annoyed 
feels a bit better after dancing with the boss in the shower 
meh  sleepy fuzzy-headedness 
   
is having potentially dangerous thoughts 
"wonders if anyone else is amused that \a cappella\"" literally means \""as in chapel \"""""
is giving the sound of music a second <propmale> 
thinks her favorite part of father's day is driving down the highway with her dad while blasting cream out of the speakers at an obnoxious volume 
is gently patting the bristly fuzzy head of cynicism 
is brooding to rachmaninov 
thinks that whoever originally thought that conjecture was an appropriate form of argument needs to be shoved down some stairs 
": \girls are people too  a radical!\"""""
thinks there is something strangely cathartic about stripping wallpaper 
"would be excitedly dancing around the house, but she does not, of course, excitedly dance, and so is excitedly refraining from excitedly dancing around the house "
loves light and color afresh 
is about half way through fullmetal alchemist and very confused 
loves her congregation! they're like extended family 
wishes she wasn't a member of the entitlement generation 
: [this status is intentionally left blank]
is nom nom nom 
loves her new alarm clock 
is a bit concerned by her parents having strange men come to the house when she's home by herself  but maybe she's just paranoid 
hopes her <propmale> plant doesn't die     sad 
's mom is awesome because she watches firefly with her 
is off to camp tomorrow!
is christianing about 
is about to embark on adventures in quiche 
's quiche was delicious!  laugh 
needs to make some zuppa tuscana before she leaves 
thrives on awkwardness! she eats awkwardness for breakfast!
wonders if it's bad that she finds <propfemale> west absolutely hilarious 
"says \catching a falling cheese grater with your bare hand: bad idea \"""""
a week and a half! ah!
"quotes: \we are soldiers in the war on entropy \"""""
"felicidades, <propfirst> and <propfemale>!"
is off to big bear!
is back!  laugh  and heads off again on friday 
loves going to cooking classes with her mom 
can purl stitch!
is fidgety  > sad 
will probably not sleep tonight 
"got a little sleep  now, off to adventure!"
is home 
is pining 
thinks <propfirst> creeley is a love poet 
thinks that cookie dough and a good chickflic will have to do 
is surprised that breakfast at <propfemale>'s turned out to be such a dark little movie  huh 
issa makin sum chickin pot pie 
has amazed herself with her chicken pot pie making skills 
is in narrative mode 
"believes that good thai food is still good a day later, even cold "
goes fidget fidget fidget 
is going to the pantages!
is home and cheery  mon <propfemale> brightens her life 
needs some baking therapy  where did her new shortbread recipe go?
is baking shortbread and listening to juanes and hello seahorses!
"says \mmmm  shortbread \"""""
undercooked the chicken and overcooked the rice  dinner fail   crying 
goes rant rant rant 
survived today's adventure  wheeee!
was caught dancing to the animals in the living room by the pool guy   laugh 
is frying a piece of chicken that looks exactly like south <propfemale>  woah 
is so bored at home that she's considering resorting to harvest <propfemale> 
is making lasagna  it's all in the cheese 
goes rawr 
conked her head and is still a little woozy 
"says: \you know you have an asian mom when she buys soy sauce in bulk \"""""
got her eurail pass in the mail! too bad she doesn't yet have the airline ticket that will actually take her to europe 
loves making plans  she could write songs about making plans  hmm hmm hmm   
can't sleep 
loves midnight pancakes with <propfemale>   laugh 
now realizes it was a bad plan to go grocery shopping while hungry 
has a new hiding place 
still compulsively collects quarters even though she hasn't used a laundromat in three months 
is overwhelmed  how can anyone really prepare to go overseas?
gets excited about textbooks  -_-;;
": ice cream and a vampire novel? yes, i'm that chill "
"would make herself a cup of chamomile, but it's really too hot for hot tea, even this late "
shouldn't write poetry at night because it always looks worse in the morning  dx
made herself scarce and went on an adventure 
is hoping to resurrect her bechamel sauce from the ashes of failure   
"is reading othello, and is somewhat ashamed she never did so in high school  -_-;;"
": <propfirst>, rip "
loves church potlucks!  laugh 
is most certainly not dancing around the house to <propfemale> spektor  most certainly not 
has her airplane tickets! yes!
needs to get out of her own head 
loves late night sisterly talks   laugh 
is brooding and dancing around the house to muse in shifts 
finally got around to watching the pursuit of happyness 
knows that chewing ice is awful for your teeth    but she loves it 
thinks there is something about sunday afternoons that fits naps perfectly 
just made some chicken pot pie you would probably think is delicious 
"sings that \you've made me into someone  who should not hold a loaded gun\"" in the shower """
is packing  blaargh 
is finished packing! definitely  maybe  hopefully  aargh!
is off!
"loves ireland, but hates cobblestone "
is in edinburgh  the scottish countryside for the win 
promises that pics will come once she's in london 
had to suppress the rising of her papist sympathies in the shadow of st  giles 
"arrives in london tomorrow! right now she's in york, with a twisted ankle   annoyed "
made it to london!
knows time doesn't stop for the sick 
is unpacked  finally  oof 
's head wants to float away 
"doesn't like her nose, really really really likes apple juice, and occasionally doesn't like being an english <propmale> until she remembers that there's no other <propmale> that she'd enjoy nearly as much as she does english "
's happy place is nutella 
"went to the british museum, and would be feeling more pensive if her cough didn't still sound like death "
"wonders, who can make the vulgar as tasteful and hilarious as shakespeare does?"
"hates to admit it, but she's a morning person "
bartered in camden town 
finally has some london drizzle  not really rain yet 
will always associate the smell of frying onions with the british museum 
is melancholic?
": \obama won the nobel peace prize? have i missed something?\"""""
is taking a day off to do    homework and laundry 
totally showed that latin test who was boss 
wants a pig-dragon!
fears for her hair 
is glad that she has so many friends to help her celebrate her birthday   laugh 
"goes \aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!\"""""
"will not beat her fellow human beings to death with a stale baguette, no matter how tempted, because vengeance is god's  amen "
no longer has virgin hair 
is listening to gregorian chant while studying latin  heck yes 
"says: \three cheers for budding caffeine addictions!\"""""
looks even more gorgeous than usual 
is brooding to granados 
's feets hurt   annoyed 
wishes computers didn't hate her so much  ::acute anguish::
loves staring at rembrandt 
is slightly pathetic in the way she'll take any opportunity to tell her favorite story 
would send <propfirst> donne a christmas card every year if he were still alive 
is drinking black-as-the-pit-of-doom tea  too bad halloween was yesterday 
made it into living world religions!  laugh 
says to everyone happy guy fawkes day!
saw wicked tonight  it was fabulous  nuff said 
"had high tea at the british museum and enjoyed herself, but she realized how uncouth she can be "
saw the imaginarium of doctor parnassus and is very very confused 
had the best lamb burger ever at borough market today! she loves food 
is not obssessed  absolutely not 
   
is emotionally exhausted 
"will wait patiently, but wishes she could sleep "
likes to appreciate this kind of weather by looking out at it from her window 
is brooding to bach 
is brooding to t s eliot 
: deep dark pit of doom! doom i tell you!
"has won this battle, but the war rages on  :["
always seems to end up with half an onion 
's adventure to beaconsfield was short but worth it 
says if someone messes with that fire alarm one mor time there will be blood on her hands  literally 
kind of wants to punch herself in the face 
<propfemale> michaelson tonight!  laugh 
finished her research paper!
"would like to thank <propfemale> michaelson for making this world a bit of a brighter place  her concert was incredible, even after two hours of standing "
is amused that you can buy a glass of wine with your oatbran muffin at the natural history museum 
is a damp rag   annoyed 
", chaser of pigeons!"
spent a couple of hours in the tate modern listening to r e m  and looking at so much surrealism that she forgot she was awake  time well spent 
just isn't in the mood for finals   annoyed 
wasn't even cheered up by thai food  d:
done with finals  still not all that elated  :[
"'s last full day in london is bittersweet, but mostly sweet "
is home 
has her apostrophes back!  laugh 
would roll up her sleeves if they were long but they're not because she's baking!
loves that the word 'fellowship' is practically a synonym for 'food' 
"absolutley isn't using the increasingly hard rain as an excuse to stay inside, cook, and watch chic-flicks "
thinks that curry is that much more delicious on a cold and rainy day 
bakes a pretty awesome pecan pie 
haircut! finally 
it's another day in the neighborhood   
thought avatar was meh 
is a sad cyclops because she burned herself  dx
is seeing flogging <propfemale> on new year's <propfemale>  be jealous 
's quiche e playful loded   annoyed 
"is always happy when she gets her books, but buying them makes her cranky "
has the best mom ever  prime rib for new years!
"doesn't think that \maneater\"" is a good song to hum during the church service   annoyed """
goes fidget fidget fidget 
is back in searcy  there is ice on the ground  she does not have a happy face  dx
"back to the grind, kids   annoyed "
's brain goes e playful lodey-plodey-plodey   
's presidential chair has bright blue upholstery 
survived the first week bright and sunshiny!
is having an unfortunate abba phase   annoyed 
is    a heathen 
is a bit too excited about changing her facebook to latin    sorry english (pirate) 
accidentally took a nap in the library today  those rocking chairs on the second floor are just too comfortable   
"requests that if it's going to snow, at least have enough snow to cancel morning classes "
should be sleeping or doing her latin but she is writing instead 
wants to sleep in because school is canceled but now she's awake because she had to keep checking to see if school was canceled 
"still has mixed feelings about this whole \snow\"" concept   """
goes floaty floaty floaty   
wishes her parents the happiest of anniversaries!  laugh 
is almost halfway through    dx
is taking a short music break to celebrate surviving the first half of the week  *dance dance dance*
"is tired of thinking, but must study on "
doesn't understand why half of her facebook is in latin and the other half in english 
hopes there is actually a two-hour delay because she is not going to 8 o'clock class 
is done with class and will probably stay inside for the rest of the day all snugly warm 
": \snow: a blessing and a bloody nuisance \"""""
is back to the grindstone  meh 
awaits the day she can wear tennis shoes without fear of wet socks 
eats reese's pieces hearts  nomnomnom 
feels tragically misunderstood  *dramatic sigh*
is going to take a nap now  yes  alright 
"has been given a billion and two chances to do her latin today, but still hasn't   annoyed "
got caught dancing to lady gaga in the stairwell  *acute shame*
"has learned that four cups of coffee doesn't neutralize the effects of her cold medicine, but in fact only makes her loopier "
had a happy unbirthday thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> 
is staying on top of it  or maybe just a little to the left 
took a break from studying to recite some t s eliot  she has strange hobbies 
is glad that mom will finally stop bugging her for a new couple picture 
finds herself in a conundrum 
made it into shores!
is too excited!  laugh 
"is registered, suckaz!"
's story placed first in the <propfemale> <propmale> writing contest!  laugh 
will not fall for any april fools antics this year  hopefully 
 love  <propmale> schama 
"says: \mmm   drugs \"""""
is determined not to go to bed before 2am  sleep is for the weak!
"seems to be a member of minority group that believes that \do not wear jeans\"" means \""do not wear jeans \"""""
:: the good kids go to greece  the bad kids go to <propfemale>  the misfits go to england 
"is going to let it all go, flowing away like a <propfemale> syrup river down the northside of <propfemale> mountain "
is in the mood to do something a little bit stupid 
goes arrgh arrgh arrgh arrgh   
has murdered a ridiculous number of trees today 
"dear weather, why are you <propfemale> and unecessarily cold? what did we do to hurt your feelings?  yours,  <propfemale> "
is showing her research paper who's really the boss! take that! and that!
"believes that massive story-editing sessions make her hungry  the tragedy is that she has nothing to nom on, and it's five minutes to curfew "
will survive this week  she will 
believes that the postlady just made her day  and that was after she took the easiest bible final in the history of bible finals 
"will manage to watch el dorado and study for english studies at the same time, because today is an epic day "
is a sad face 
is done with finals! she can no longer put stuffing her life into two suitaces 
is ready to ship off  just waiting on the ra 
\dear california, i am glad that we agree\1e7134f22579863b6baa1717249954e3,did her jury duty very    dutifully 
"has read 3 books this summer  only 1,000,000,002 to go "
says mer 
was trying to make oatmeal-craisin-pecan cookies    and made an oatmeal-craisin-pecan cake instead 
"forgot the joy of curling up in bed with a nice, thick novel "
hopefully hasn't lost her chicken-pot-pie-making skills 
"has read 5 books this summer  only 1,000,002 to go "
the hardest part is starting the story  except for continuing the story  that's pretty hard too 
fears that her sister is building a robot army from mountain dew cans and pudding cups 
thinks that apathy with insomnia can be a very bad combination indeed 
has been reduced to instant coffee  it smells like burnt rubber  monmouth seems so long ago now 
has a job interview!  she will plant it in good soil and water it everyday and make sure it gets plenty of sun and hopefully it will grow into a real job and give her money 
"'s house is full of smoke  contrary to popular opinion, it is not her fault "
starts work tomorrow   laugh 
refuses to drink the kool-aid 
just sent her beloved children out into the real world for the first time  she hopes they will not eat too much paste 
"is bored with dostoevsky's crime and punishment, so she thinks she will read heinlein's starship troopers instead   laugh "
"finished starship troopers, and has moved on to solzhenitsyn's warning to the west "
"rarely watches any kind of soccer, but those last four minutes were amazing!"
votes toy story 3 for best sequel of a sequel ever 
baked her own granola! vote: does this make her more or less of a yuppie?
has come to embrace the mystical properties of pandora 
's blueberry scones are scrumdidilyumptious!
burnt the crust of her quiche  dx
muffins! 'nuff said 
"killed the monster spider of doom (black widow, yikes!) that took up residence in her car "
has only two more weeks of work!  laugh 
"has one more day of work, and then it's on to the month of weddings "
came the closest to punching out a customer that she ever has on her last day of work 
is picking apart the catalog looking for loopholes that she might fall in when trying to graduate 
will be in <propfirst> until monday 
"is home again, home again, jiggity jog "
has a wedding to attend 
had an unfortunate first time run-in with a curling iron   sad 
thinks that <propfemale> the vampire slayer makes packing go much faster even if it takes more time 
is safe in searcy   laugh 
thinks it is almost worth living in arkansas for the apple butter 
is    surprisingly not in the mood for sleep 
is now definitely in the mood for sleep 
is a little scared of pandora  it spontaneously began playing music in spanish when she began doing her spanish homework 
"says \mer \"""""
baked shortbread!  laugh 
thinks three fire alarms in one night is a wee bit excessive 
found a spider in her bed and officially has the heeby jeebies 
": \there's a party in my toolbox and science is invited!\""  laugh """
is hating this week vehemently 
didn't fail her spanish test!
kind of failed her cheesecake   
"found 20p in her backpack this morning and had a sudden, overwhelming <propfemale> to go to sainsbury's and buy tarts "
loved <propfemale> <propfemale>'s lingerie shower! <propfirst> <propfemale> horton's cake was delicious 
says mer 
is <propmale>! sort of 
writing a poem instead of doing her homework 
is e playful erimenting with scones 
can stop listening to electronica whenever she wants  really 
's baking hypothesis #1: <propfemale> oil can substitute the vegetable oil in cake batter  test results: false 
made a highly unstable but delicious chicken caesar sandwich 
thinks she may stay up into the wee hours tonight and knock out her paper instead of staying up into the wee hours tomorrow night and doing it then 
showed that paper who was boss! hopefully it will look just as good when i wake up 
gets pyrex for her birthday! sweet!
says thanks for birthday wishes!  laugh 
"requests that if she going into maniacal rampage, don't mind her "
shattered her hard drive today  she's so talented 
's computer is fixed! thanks boyfriend  love 
is back in real life  *sigh*
just baked way too many brownies 
is dishwashing champion!
thinks that poets should not write literary criticism until they can realize the difference 
is considering maniacal rampage as an alternative to graduating 
loves jell-o! omnomnom 
is a-makin' curry 
wrote 2000 words in one sitting 
's oral interview was not as horrible as she thought it would be but it was still pretty horrible 
is in several places at once  beat that time-space continuum whatsit!
is having trouble focusing on writing her paper for some mysterious reason 
"is finished with papers, but has become the next reincarnation of death-in-life "
goes glint glint glint 
"is considering sleeping until friday  is that okay? yes, it is "
is studying to <propfemale> + the machine 
's nails are a sinful shade of red   wink 
is a blusher 
is so excited that <propfemale> sween is going to be her matron of honor!
bought her wedding dress!
is in texas  again 
"flu, this is bronchitis  bronchitis, meet flu  you both know asthma  now let's have a party  right before the semester starts "
thinks that <propfemale> partridge is as cute as a really cute button 
is as snug as a bug in a rug 
"has discovered that after tring to speak publicly in a foreign language, speaking publicly in english holds no fears "
"can't sleep, so she is wedding planning instead "
is writing to <propfirst> sharpe & the magnetic zeros 
"<propfemale> partridge: \extra protein via voodoo monkey skull is probably not a good idea \"" happy <propfirst>'s everyone!"""
"made homemade sugar scrub, because she is just that awesome "
"wonders if there is a female version of the \bromance \"""""
has written the first <propfemale> of her senior symposium 
hacks hacks hacks away 
goes blah on allergies 
found three bees in her house today  this is not good for her nerves 
"\i won't worry about that because it's perfectly simple \"""""
is watching muppet christmas <propfirst> and making spanish flashcards 
apple
can't wait can't wait can't wait!
: stainless steel mango 
is successfully chillin' 
nutella + tangerines = messy gastronomic bliss
just put the finishing touches on her senior symposium and is thinking that she might just manage to graduate in may 
":: have you ever felt that you spent so much time dreaming the night before that you woke up tired? yeah, it doesn't make sense to me either "
writes poems about dead ladies on the living room floor in her sleep 
does anyone else think the evidence surrounding osama bin laden's death is a little sketch? i can't tell if my sketchiness radar is going off because i'm paranoid or because i'm a critical thinker 
