4174715928983435cc8e0e9d06300bba
"\kinecting\"" with new friends and waiting to bing in the new year   did u see what i did there  i said kinect cause we are playing the game but its also like bonding with people  ahh sometimes i amaze myself im so amazing  smile """
so happy my dad-in-law is ok  definatley great news to start the day off with!
"an absolutely stunning, smart and awesome girl with a smile that can brighten up anyone's day  can even make people who are feeling miserable laugh  doesn't disrespect anyone and is very unique  an amazingly cute, extremely nice, loveable girl who can always cheer you up no matter how sad or down you're feeling  an amazing friend who you'll never want to lose "
is sad my <propfirst> wil be leaving me for 2 weeks  gotta keep busy so time will fly by  so if anyone wants me to work any days for them starting monday just let me know!!
its only been day 2  i miss my love  sad      i love you <propfirst>!!
work was pretty cool tonight  same time tomorrow  
bored and cant sleep  thank goodness for spongebob   nothing like fine quality entertainment lol
had a blast at <propfemale> sumit!! thank you girls  smile 
first day off in a week  wishin my baby was with me  
slept all day yesterday  now time for work  then back to sleep  not feeling very good  
so happy the week is flying by  my love comes sunday!!!
work was fun tonight  i love all my co-workers  smile 
time to mow the lawn and clean the house before the boys get home  smile 
day off  excited for girls night tonight  smile 
has the greatest friends i could ever ask for  i love you all!
laundry  work  sleep  he comes home tomorrow!!!!!!
sooo happy my baby is home  havent slep this good in two weeks  smile 
we keep going to bed early and waking up at 5  most likely gonna nap before work lol
this is gonna be a looong  boring  depressing week  sad 
day 1 down  5 more to go  soo bummed  sad 
just finished mowing the lawn  its a workout lol
is really stressin  grr i hate thinking about money  
pleases hurry and come taxes  ive been patient lol
gonna go <propfemale> out with the family today  weehoo!
had a great time seeing my family again  time to relax with my baby  and excited cause its back to work tomorrow!!!! thank god!
back to work at 6 today   finally!  smile 
im freeeezing!!
its funny how a nice run helps when i got alot on my mind  its helps the tension  
aww thats sad <propfirst> haim passed away
"i love my friends!! and my sexy, hilarious, spazstic, loving, caring, hyperactive boyfriend   grrrr   haha"
"ok so <propfirst>, caralissa and i are the most random people lol i love how we went from <propmale> <propfirst>, apartments, scrapbooking, excessive peeing, killer dingos and now videos   i love you girls!"
just finished watching precious  very good  
to all those comming over tomorrow night  your welcome to bring any drinks you like just in case you dont like what we have lol   love you all  see you tomorrow night!!
had an amazing time with my love yesterday  bumming it today
bummin it before work  scott bought me <propfemale> and the frog!! weehoo
is ready to spend the day with my love   gonna be great  smile 
had a good lunch with my love  now time for work  wishin for a busy night  smile 
has the day off   what to do??
gettin ready for work  hope its busy tonight!! oh by the way i love you <propfirst>!!!
work was good  wish i couldve stayed longer lol  now time to kick back and watch the office till my baby love gets home  
watching the office  waiting for my <propfirst>  smile 
work at 5 tonight  hope its busy  
had an awesome time at the zoo today  we fed giraffes!! hehe
my back is killing me   for once im not to eager to go to work   pain please go away  
is gonna have lunch with my baby before he goes to work  weehoo!!
"saw a movie last night and something stuck out to me  \just because someone is your true love doesnt mean your their true love\"""""
i love you <propfirst> <propmale>!
"i want to sell my truck! so if anyone wants an 03 silverado for 9,000-10,000  let me know lol"
on my way to kerman to see some of the people i love!
got some awesome news this morning  thank you sister  smile 
im lovin the new <propfemale> jam song just breathe!
have a fun time at the park  damn mosquitos though  grrr  
monster jam!!! weehoo!!
mmm cucumber and lemon  delish!
needs to start a healthier lifestyle  and stick with it!!!
avatar!!!
"actually ate pretty healthy today i think  organic spinach pizza for dinner, strawberries for dessert, and chocolate soy milk  holy crap its delicious!!! lol"
did some yard work with my <propfirst> then we had a water fight  fun times  smile 
i think i need to see a chiropractor or just need an amazing massage  my back is messing me up  i can barely stand  im getting old  sad 
the imaginarium of dr parnasses is a great movie!! i looooved it  smile 
made meatloaf and a blueberry cheescake last night  not bad for my fist time!! although my sweet potato mashed potatoes came out like soup lol
isnt looking forward to tomorrow  but its just a month then ill be back in his arms  smile  i love you baby!
"<propfirst> said the funniest thing  he was watching me change the oil on my truck and asked \how does it feel being under a truck again\"" lol ass!"""
dropped <propfirst> off at the base sad    back home getting some sun with miss ally
went running with ally and bear  that dog worked me out lol
had a blast at <propfemale> <propfirst> with ally! had fun tonight with the girls  little buzzed  time for bed! happy mommas day  smile 
two words that come to mind when asked about my future   scott jackson  thats all i need lol
busy day planned today  then <propfirst> comes home at 3 tomorrow  couldnt ask for anything better  smile 
3 oclock   hurry up!!!
is going camping with my love   fun fun fun!!!
is sooo happy <propfemale> fox isnt the number 1 woman on maxims top 100   go <propfemale> <propfirst>!!
the dates are set!! bbq potluck 3 pm june 5th at the house  bring food drinks  whatever  smile  and the ceremony will be june 9th (happy bday <propfirst> lol) at 2:15 at the hanford court house if anyone would like to come  hope to see yall at both!
also if you decide to come can u let <propfirst> or myself know what you will be bringing and if your bringing guests  thank you all!
happy bday to my cousin <propfemale> and to my girl <propfirst>!!! hope you have a blast on your special day  smile 
had so much fun playing with the slip and slide  gonna play some scene it and eat some bbq  smile 
i dont know much about sex and the city  but damn that sounds like a fun ass time  gonna have to find a way to make that   you come up with the coolest ideas miss lolo!
is cleaning the house for tomorrow  i cant wait  smile 
up and ready for a great day!! hope to see everyone today  smile 
thank you so much to our family and friends for making this day so amazing  i love you all  and thank you <propfemale> and <propmale> for making our night soooooo much better hehe  smile  i love you all so much!
today is my last day as <propfemale> havens   tomorrow i will officially be <propfemale> havens jackson  im the happiest ive ever been  smile 
todays the big day!! i couldnt sleep at all last night  hopefully im not a puffy eyed bride lol
i'z married now!!!! and im <propfemale> very happy to be married to my best friend  its a great feeling  smile  i love you <propfirst>!
i got my military id!! the picture is hideous haha
is happy to see my sister and brother tomorrow in <propfemale> cruz  just hopin my <propfirst> doesnt have to work so he can join me
yay he doesnt have to work  santa <propfirst> is gonna be great!!!
my hubby leaves for hawaii tomorrow  great he goes to hawaii for our honeymoon whle im stuck in the great town of lemoore  what fun! lol
not looking forward to today  sad 
ive only seen him off 4 times  but it doesnt get any easier  countdown begins  2 months  sad 
happy birthday <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!! big 22 hope you girls have a blast  i love you sisters  smile 
just saw karate kid    a+  smile 
is slowly falling into a shlump  i already miss him  sad 
is having coffe in fresno with <propfemale>
get him to the greek   hilarious!!!
happy birthday to my little angie  17 years old and growing to be a beautiful woman  hope you have a wonderful day today  smile  and happy fathers day to all the poppas out their  ive been blessed to have an amazing father  someone i can call my friend  he raised us to be amazing people and sacraficed so much just to see us happy  i love you poppa  smile 
had a great time with the poppa and the brother! im gonna miss you <propfemale>!!! ah today was a good day  smile 
patiently waiting for the fedex guy  and praying for a busy night at work
"\she had the body of beyonce and the head of a midget\""-pauly shore"""
i hate that you work hard to buy yourself nice things and stupid people can take it like nothing
is watching 17 again  i love this movie  smile 
missin my hubby  sad 
is sitting in the sun playing sudoku
is watching cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs and it just never gets old  i love this movie  smile 
is waiting for the phone call  i miss him so much!
he called!!! wow just hearing his voice made everything so much better  i no longer feel blah  smile  i love my hubby!!
watching one flew over the cookoos nest  jack nicholson is very attractive in this movie lol
one flew over the cuckoos nest   a+++ its an amazing movie and i definatley recomend watching it if youve never seen it  wow! i loved it
"\the only guy that ever escaped never made it out\""-invader zim"""
happy im working today!
i love netflix lol
had my teeth xray'd today by miss <propfemale>  it was pretty interesting and now i have pictures of teeth i can scrapbook haha  thanks <propfemale>!
happy 17th bday <propfemale> <propfemale>!
just finished washing my truck  drying it is a bitch lol
happy 4th everyone  smile 
sad that i wont be able to talk to <propfirst> on the phone for 3 weeks but happy cause hes that much closer to being back in my arms  smile 
off today  just enjoyed some sun and a good book
yay i work today! crossing my fingers for a busy night  smile 
cant sleep  yet again  
<propfirst> bana is hilarious in funny people
im strally starting to like zac effron  not cause hes cute  hes a pretty good actor  i wanna see his new movie   oh i wanna see inception!!
damn!! maroon 5 is gonna be at the savemart center in october and i cant go  i wanna see them soooo bad  sad 
wow i have literally watched 17 again 5 times today  damn you hbo! haha
"\bow chika bow wow\"" thats what my baby says \""mow mow mow\"" and my heart starts pumpin \""gichy gichy goo\""\",4174715928983435cc8e0e9d06300bba,is on my way to kerman to see some of the family  smile 
had a good time with the family  hope to see them all again soon  now time to kick back and relax  bbq!  smile  i love you scott  cant wait to be in your arms again  muah!!
trueblood   eric!!!!!
yay we are finally going to be getting the info on the housing in washington  now all we have to do is pick a place  smile  thats about 1000 lbs of stress lifted off our shoulders lol
we have our house on reserve  move in date august 16th!! happy bday <propfemale> hahahaha
had an awesome time cathcing up with old friends  i was supergirl for 2 people today  smile 
having an awesome day so far  went to the dmv to get my name changed on my license and it was so slow i was in and out in less then 10 minuets  that in itself is a good day lol
its so weird how a young <propfirst> redford looks dead on <propmale> pitt  full of sexiness  smile 
why cant a heterosexual guy tell a heterosexual guy that he thinks his booty is fly
visiting with my poppa afterall  mission for the day find and buy mudflaps!!
im excited for friday!!!
"\no! you cant make me look ill just close my eyes\""-dib\",4174715928983435cc8e0e9d06300bba,oh mud flaps why must you be a pain in the ass
just watched the stoning of <propfemale> m  it makes me sick to my stomach that woman are still treated that way in some countries
10 more days and i get to stare into those blue eyes again  gonna be heaven  smile 
is having a movie lunch date with caralissa  weehoo!
inception was amazing  very visually dynamic  laugh 
the birds are chirpin tweddleydeet! the sun is shining bright  smile  lol
"the bachelorette party was amazing! thank you sooooo much <propfemale>  smile  <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> you girls are amazing  thank you for taking care of me lol im so lucky to have friends like you ladies!"
so today was my last day at work  im pretty sad about it  didnt think it would be for another 2 weeks but what can you do  i love all my <propfemale> co workers  you guys are the best! i would like to get together with you all before i leave  i was thinking hookah bar on thursday  if your down to go let me know!
5 more days and im off to fresno to pick him up!! yay  smile 
why is today going by so damn slow?!!
oh time  why must you torture me so
needs to find something to do thatll make the time fly  maybe ill go for a long walk or something  
mmmm pineapple  how i love you so  smile 
3 more days till hes home  weehoo!!
losing isaiah  a very good movie  i definatly reccomend it
2 more days!
is pretty hyper right now  cant wait to see my hubby  oh how ive missed him so lol  smile 
had the funniest but cutest dream  that i sat my 7 month old nephew on a counter  and all off a sudden he started dancing to fat guy in little coat hahaha!
washed the truck and the jeep  started laundry  and took and une playful ected nap lol i needed that  smile 
"to all the family dont forget <propfemale> is throwing <propfirst> and i a \farewell\"" potluck next saturday at noon    and to all our friends we will be having a dinner next sunday at the cheesecake factory in fresno at 6pm  we would love to see you all before the move  smile """
he called!!!! my night just got so much better  smile 
todays the day!! my hubby is comming home  smile 
if i was a fart id be the kind that creep out of no where and slap you in the face   i like to make an entrance  laugh 
spending the day with my amazing husband  im so happy hes back home  smile 
nothing like waking up next to the one you love  drinking coffee and watching invader zim  goodmorning world  smile 
"is so happy the jeep was a cheap fix  thats alot of stress taken away   hes back at work, now to be productive  time to clean  smile "
for everyone who didnt see the post i put before   theres gonna be a potluck at kearney park on saturday starting at 1 for family  friends are also welcome! and on sunday we are having dinner at the cheesecake factory in fresno hopefully around 6 i will let everyone know the time for sure asap for friends  family is also welcome  smile 
<propfirst> just added a hitch to my truck  its just so pretty  smile 
just finished watching 2 movies i had never seen before  interview with a vampire and shawshank redemption  amazing!!
to all our friends and family the dinner at cheesecake factory will be sunday at 830  i need a head count of whos going so i can make a reservation  so please let me know by saturday the latest    hope to see everyone there  smile 
the other guys came out today  gonna go watch it  smile  weehoo!
is taking the hubby some starbucks at work  smile 
im a peacock!     you gotta let me fly!!!
had an amazing time with my family  it got emotional at the end for me but it was all good times  i love you and will miss you all  smile 
had a great night last night  other then being pretty darn e playful ensive the cheesecake factory was delicious  smile 
5 more days and we are off to washington  very excited  smile 
theres been a change of plans  the movers are comming thursday morning so we are leaving friday morning at the buttcrack of 7 am  smells like roses  smile 
is packing everything up   we have alot of crap lol just a couple of pack rats heh
is gonna go have lunch with my poppa before he goes to work  last time ill see him for a year  sad 
is getting dinner started  well the old ball and chain is anyway  yup thats how i roll haha jk jk
had a blast chillin with caralissa and <propfirst> tonight  im gonna miss you girls  i love you so much i can shart!
waiting for the movers
last night in california  its bittersweet  smile 
we are on the road!
is finally in oregon  we made good time  smile 
its so weird not being able to pump our own gas  i feel like a douche lol
washington is beautiful!
everyone  last day open at <propfemale> go and support our girls!! every little bit helps   
another difference i like about washington  the people are all so happy and nice hahaha  i guess the fact they dont breathe in toxins on a daily basis has alot to do with it lol
seattle is gorgeous  smile 
went on my first ferry boat  the view is amazing and so is the weather  smile 
<propfirst> coture killed <propmale> <propfirst>! dont make me laugh ha ha! lol
we have our house  smile 
we just finished shopping for groceries and cleaning supplies   i need to hurry and get a job  sad 
is still unpacking everything  bleh lol
its overcast outside and i wanna stay in bed  smile 
cuddling in bed with a cup of coffee   so comfy cozy  smile 
in bellingham  they have a big ass mall lol
ok so the people in bellingham either have a huge staring problem or theyve just never seen a girl with a big butt before   it twas a wee bit uncomfortable lol
two thing i already dislike about washington lol    the roads are confusing and nothing but tailgaters  grrrr!!!!!
<propfirst> rented the toy story 3 game thinking id play it with him and was he right thee game  rules my world
has an interview at 3 at a nice chinese restaraunt  for hostess  wish me luck!
interview went real quick  but good  should find out later tonigt if i got it  heres hopin lol   oh by the way  can someone recap the last 2 episodes of tru blood fo me  we dont have cable  sad 
a whole wheat english muffin with peanut butter and a mandarin orange  i think thats a good healthy breakfast  smile 
just finished putting in more applications  im so lucky to have apatient and understandin hubby  smile 
watched the runaways  i enjoyed it  smile 
our fist day of rain  its beautiful  smile 
absolutly hates doing online applications  what ever happenedto just goin in a filling on out??? this is lame  sad 
i have 2 interviews this week  tomorrow at hallmark and thursday at the nex on base  fingers crossed!
has my interview at hallmark today  went great i pretty much got the job but i still have my interview at the nex on thursday so she said to call her  after the interview to let her know what i decided and that she wont hire anyone else until she hears from me  smile 
is dog sitting for the weekend  yay!! interview at 130 tomorrow  please god bless me with a good job  smile 
has another interview tomorrow  heres hopin
has claimed my next victim lol   watching season 3 of greys anatomy with scott  ive created yet another monster
todays the last day to be lazy  we both start work tomorrow  im excited  smile 
busy day today  and we're both running off maybe 3 hours of sleep heh  gotta get back into the habit of sleeping early
christ didnt come to earth to give us the willies! he came to help us out  i love my <propmale> christ  smile 
common is such a cutie on the movie just wright   i loved it  smile 
"\you have nothing to worry about  your a pure soul  smile      but you didnt say god bless you when i sneezed!!!\"" -loki (<propmale> <propmale>)"""
work is awesome  i like the group i work with and my schedule is looking great  smile 
im really loving work  weehoo im happy  oh ps its scotts bday tomorrow!!!!! big 25  smile 
happy birthday to my amazing husband  sorry i have to work but we will do something soon   i love you  smile 
day off today   its pouring!!!! love the sound of rain and the smell of wet dirt lol
i feel like fecalmatter  oh pooey  sad 
we watched the movie the e playful eriment with <propfirst> brody  it was pretty awesome!!
this time of the year i actually am home sick   oh fresno fair cinamin rolls why must you haunt me  oh why  so to all my friends and family eat one  oh please eat a warm one with nuts hahahahahahaha   i love you  playful 
laundry is done  i wish we had a washer and dryer  the ones here suck infected butthole   plus there hardly and ventlation and <propfirst> kept farting lol
work from 3-8 tonight amd its actually <propfemale> out  weehoo!!
i love kung fuuuuuuuuuu!!!
yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  and today is a gift   thats why its called present  smile 
"is so annoyed with people who dont know how to speak   dis, dat, and dere is not a word  and its worse when your an adult and talk that way   its not cute lol"
"watched enchanted and made of honor   me, <propfirst> and mc dreamy sounds like its time for a sexy party!!! lol"
im really enjoying work  im still a little intimidated by evrythin but over all its new and fun  i love the challenges i get everyday  smile 
oh bills  why must you continue to make us poor  please stop!!
needs one hell of a massage  for free!! lol
yay i work today afterall  smile  weehoo!!
so happy im working 16 days this month rather then 10  still wish it was more though   and im super excited to meet my new brother next week  hope you can make it  smile 
pahcern   pahcern   pahcern!!!
has an interview at bed bath and beyond tomorrow  hopefully i can do 2 jobs  we can sure use the money  
beauty and the beast came out today and i cant afford it    why!!!!!!!! lol
wanna go to the fresno fair!!!
shut the fuck up gobot!!
watching beauty and the beast  yup i got it  weehooo!!!!!
haha got a call to see if i was still intersted in working at the home depot on story road in san jo   theyre only 2 years late lol
on our way to seattle to pick up <propfirst> from the airport  excited to meet my other brother!!
"yay we have the internet and cable again  now i can finally upload my pics  caralissa, <propfirst> and ally ill put up the six flags ones lol finally!!!"
i wanted to go with <propfirst> to take <propfirst> back to the airport but i gotta work  sad 
is pretty dern excited for the new saw to come out  im as happy as a little giiirl
i wish i was a baller  a shot caller  cause you know pimpimg isnt easy  i just have to make that cheddar cheese  not the swiss kind  but the cheddar  thats how hardcore i roll the streets  no holes in my game!
had an award ceremony at work today and i got a letter of appreciation for helping other depatments with surveys we had to ask customers to do  also got a 10 dollar gift card  pretty schweet!
so i entered this drawing a while back to get a free make over and free <propfirst> <propfemale> make up  well i won it!! the only problem is it was in california and it was a day at the spa kinda thing  the lady said she will send me some samples and a catalog and i can pick things from there  and if i can get 3 girls to go online and do a free virtual makeover thing i get a 75 dollar gift certificate! whos willing to do it?
scotts taking his advancement test this morning  cross your fingers for him  he deserves it already!!! love you hun  smile 
just finished watching life as a house  very good movie
last night rainied pretty hard  i love how its midnight but the sky is still bright out  its really beautiful
has anyone seen paranormal activity 2 yet? is it even out? lol
installed skype but know i cant get it to connect  im just not hip on modern technology
ive been wanting to go to uncle <propfirst> and aunt celias house and get caught up in talking and loosing track of time and having dinner with them  i love you tio and <propfemale>  smile 
snookie want smoosh smoosh haha
i love you ally!!!!
"never found a four leaf clover to bring good luck to me  no rabbits foot no lucky <propfemale> no magic wishing tree but i got lucky  yes i got lucky  when i found you\\got no rainbow around my shoulder no horseshoe on my door but i got you to hold me tight and who could ask for more oh i got lucky  yes i got lucky  when i found you!"
baby baluga in the deep blue sea  swim so wild and you swin so free  heaven above and the sea below  just a little white whale on the go!
happy halloween everyone! not dressing up this year  whats everyone else going as?
i found it!!! the even stevens complete series box set  weehoo!! hopefully my next pay check
what the duece!! im very out of shape lol i went to the gym this morning and ran 5 laps in 20 <propfemale>!!! thats ridiculous  oh well im back on that horse and baby steps  baby steps lol
oh the weather outside is weather  smile 
hopefully disney on ice tomorrow!!
disney on ice!!!!  weehoo  smile 
so disney on ice was pretty much awesome! i had a blast  smile 
work from 2-6 today  then i get my foot rub  muahahahaha!
"had a good workout  worked on the glutes, quads, hammies and calves  smile "
"i jizz right in my pants everytime your next to me, and when we're holding hands its like having sex to me, you say im premature i just call it ecstasy, i wear a rubber at all times its a necessity  i jizz in my pants i jizz in my pants  "
"town people-your too awesome and attractive  how can we ever repay you?!\me- theres no charge for awesomness or attractivness  wink "
the countdown begins   14 days!! im so excited i think i shall sing  deepa deepa deepee doedoe deepa deepee doe  laugh 
grrr i hate when im outside enjoying the fresh air and someone just has to light one up and blow smoke im my direction   grrrrrr!!!!!
so roller derby is comming to <propmale> dec 2  and i want to go  who wants to come to washington and see it with me scotts not gonna be here  sad 
working 12-4 today  then a movie date with my hubby after  weehoo!!!
"im missin all my girls  sad   <propfirst>, ally, caralissa, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> i love you girls and i miss you guys sooooo much!!!"
mega mind is awesome!!!!
"so we are outside the theatre and this is the view : big white lady with massive muffin top!\<propfirst> \its like an angel food cake overflowing\"" lmao i love my husband"""
what smells like blue?
great workout  that eliptical almost kicked my butt  but i pushed through  feelin good  smile 
8 more days till the big 23!!! very excite  smile 
happy birthday teej!! hope you have a great day filled with cake and sex  and maybe even both at the same time  sinner! lol love you <propmale>  smile 
making egg sammiches fand coffee or <propfirst> before he goes to work  ahh the life of a wife  i love it!!
"guy1 : what are buttcheeks?\guy 2: its the bubbles on your ass dude!\guy1: oh thank you, english isnt my home language \\lmfao!!!!!! that just made my day lol"
happy birthday <propfirst>!!
weather man said id be feeling snow drops on my forehead  instead i have sweat drops  its hot! that <propfirst> denvers full of shit man  
got a flippin sweet birthday card in the mail today  made my day so much better  love you <propfirst>!!
time to relax and watch scrooged  my favorite <propmale> <propmale> movie!
"todays agenda : coffee, pay layaway, get thanksgiving food, blockbuster, home and pjs  smile "
my bday is in 3 days  and the hubby leaves in 7   i hope i get more hours to pas the time lol
was gonna go to the gym today but it was packed  sad  and im not about to run in 20 degree weather lol
happy birthday to my cousin joey  hope you have a good one! and to my father in law  thank you for welcoming me into your family with open arms   i love you both!!
grr 330 come faster i wanna have a snow fight with my hubby!!
all this snow is making me excited for christmas  im dreaming of a white christmas!!!! lol
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits?"
thank you <propfemale> and christian for the amazing birthday present!!!!   i couldnt wait till wed to open it i got too excited lol but it was actually something i was wanting to get  i loooove it! and also thank you soooo much for the necklace  its beautiful!! love you both  smile 
tomorrow is my birthday  and im so excited  muahahaha
just a quick reminder: my birthday is tomorrow!! whoever forgets gets a kick to the <propfemale> and a chop to the throat   i play for keeps!!! lol just kidding  but seriously   not really lol but i will!
happy birthday <propfemale>! oh my gosh thank you for remembering your too kind  smile 
who has seen the last saw movie?
so i just got a package in the mail from <propfemale> and <propfemale> and sweet jeebus its amazing!! she got me a drawn picture of <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> dean  again  amazing!!
"yay <propfirst> is finally home! almost done making cupcakes, hes gonna start his brownies, and dinner  weehoo!"
"i would like to thank everyone for the phone calls, the texts and the fb comments wishing me a happy birthday  to all my family and friends  i love you all  smile "
"happy birthday to my cousin jr! and happy thanksgiving to all my friends and family, i love you all and miss you very much, i am very thankful to have you all in my life, i have the greatest friends and family who still keep contact with me even though im thousands of <propmale> away, and im also thankful to have an amazing partner in crime, hes more then i could ever ask for i love you <propfirst> \to infinity and beyond!' lol"""
oh and its snowing!!! again lol
happy 1st thanksgiving to my adorable nephew!! wish i could be there to celebrate it with you  miss you and love you my little sucka punk  smile 
"thanksgiving was pretty fun  went to scotts bosses house and got to meet alot of people from his shop, had a great time just bs'n with everyone watching the saints take away all the joy from the cowboys lol had great food and desserts  the empanadas were amazing!!!"
the rain looks so pretty  it looks like a curtain lol weird i know
just watched the new <propmale> potter movie  not too shabby  now time to get some sleep waking up early to take <propfirst> to the base airport  thank goodness its only 2 weeks
"so this is officially the first time ive ever been alone, no friends or family near by  i feel like <propfirst> black on the pod when he curls up on the bench and cries \im just a baby!\"" haha"""
wants to see the movie 127 hours sooo bad  but its only playing in selected theatres  sad 
catching up on some dexter  still on season 3
working 9-2 today  then grocery shopping after  the days are definatly dragging  lame!
"change your facebook profile to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your\friends to do the same, until monday dec6th  there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories for the fight against violence to children!!!"
eclipse comes out tomorrow and i shall have it   ha ha ha ha ha ha!! i also just saw vampires suck it was pretty funny  i quite enjoyed it
so <propfirst> was entered in his first kart race  and hes sooo excited  im so happy he is having a good time with his parents (they are amazing!) so everyone wish him luck and pray he stays safe  smile  im proud of my crazy daredevil! lol
watching eat pray love  its a real good movie  i wanna read the book now
just finished watching grown ups  pretty funny  smile  now time for old xmas cartoons!!!
"so my incredibly awesome adorable nephew is turning 1 tomorrow and im so happy but also pretty sad   im so scared hes not going to remember me, i wish i could be there for the big number 1 but hopefully he knows his <propfemale> land uncle love him and misses him so much   and if <propfemale> and <propfemale> ever need a break you can always ship them over here  laugh  lol"
happy birthday aidyn!! your <propfemale> loves you and misses you  smile 
wow the weather here is crazy   last night it was pitch black and freezing cold  then around 2ish it started rainging really hard and that lasted till about 7 or 8  now the sun is out and its hot! lol
"i havent lost my temper in 40 yrs, but pilgrim you caused alot of trouble today, might have got somebody killed and somebody oughta belt you in the mouth  but i wont  i wont  the hell i wont! pow, punch, keeyah!!!! -g w mcclintock (<propfirst> <propmale>)"
my <propfirst> is comming home tomorrow!!! very excite  smile 
so we got the kinect today and dance central is officially my new favorite game!
yay we get our washer on saturday! and hopefully a dryer next month lol  baby steps  smile 
about to watch tron  chika chika yeah!!
xmas shopping for eachother   yay xmas is in 5 days!!!!!
finally used our washer  its amazing!! but had to make a clothes line to dry them lol
i love you my friends and my family and miss you all dearly
good morning  merry christmas to all!!! and in case i dont see you  good afternoon   good evening and good night!!!
its snowing  smile 
bills bills go away  please please just stay away  i kill you!!
<propfirst> and i watched 2 pretty awesome movies last night  the town and devil   both very good!
"so now a group of people are saying the end of the world is may 21st, why are people counting the days till they die? only god knows when our last days will be  so people should stop counting the days till they die and start making memories and enjoying the time god has given them treat every day as a blessing cause thats what it is  god has blessed me so much and im loving the time hes given me  smile "
so i got an awesom suprise at work today  brittney was in town and came to visit  it was amazing  almost cried haha it was so good to see her!
so im watching basketball wives  these woman are so stupid   suzie and <propfemale> are the only ones that dont irritate me lol
so yesterday at work i had a customer and she was from fresno and been up here for a year  its funny cause both of us were excited to get out of resno but once we got here instantly home sick haha  i seriously love it when i meet people from back home  its kinda comforting lol but im happy to be here with my amazing husband who keeps me goin strong  smile 
so i finally caved in and watched an episode of 16 and pregnant  it was so sad this girl let her aunt and uncle adopt her little girl but then changed her mind  i couldnt do it  i didnt see the end  i hope she gave the baby back to her aunt
"<propfirst> is such a nerd lol he was sitting on the couch just staring at me so i asked what he was looking at he said \ what? i just caint be like what mutha fucka  whatev i do what i want!\"" lmao my husband is a dork  i love it lol"""
ok so <propfirst> is leaving for the month of march  who wants to come visit me?! lol for those who do and can just know i will still have to work so youd be here at the house for 5 hours lol good incentive huh hahaha
its snowing  smile  thank goodness its not icy though  roads are clear
is crossing my fingers and toes and hoping my ally <propfemale> is able to come a visit me in march  i miss her like the dickens!!!!
on season 3 of psych  its a pretty hilrious show  i quite enjoy it  smile 
ooooh what a loon i am   oooooh what a loon i am
we got a dog!!!! aww our family is growing  hes a chow lab mix his name is max  gorgeous!! ill try and post pics soon
took <propmale> out for a walk  hes so cute  and a huge bed hog! haha
going to the pet store before work to get <propmale> a brush and a new leash and colar  took him a bath last night  that was  a fun e playful eriance  smile 
took <propmale> for a long walk over at deception pass  very fun  and cold
we finally got a dryer!! now our clothes wont be crunchy after hng drying haha i feel so distinguished now that i own a washer and dryer  please pass the tea and strumpus! aha aha
i miss my <propfemale> crew  always good times with you amazing people   we had to have been the awesomest bunch in the world  from fishy fajitas  fart tasting jello shots   dancing to <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> always lending a helping hand haha  i love you all!!!!
made my hubby his lunch and coffee for work  now just waiting for the sun or at least some light to pop out so i can take <propmale> to the dog park for a bit  till then  i love kung fuuuuuuuu!!!!
does anyone know what season psych is on  we just finished season 4 and the last episode was awesome!!! ally sheedy plays crazy pretty darn well lol
"so we took <propmale> to the dog park again and he was playing with another dog, we could tell he was trying to get some alone time cause he had to pee but the other dog kept following him  so he just went for it and while he was peeing the other dog just walked right into the stream  i think <propmale> was channeling r <propfirst> haha"
cant wait to file my taxes  just waiting for one more w2 form and im hoping to get mas dinero!!!
<propmale> chewed up the carpet in one of the rooms   no bueno  sad 
took <propmale> to the dog park and for a walk  hopefully that pooped him out and he wont chew anything else up lol
new discovery about myself    i really like <propmale> mars  smile 
i think it would be cool if they made that <propfirst> <propmale> dancing game with the wii for the kinect  that would be awesome! i think so anyway
i got my awesome beanie and scarf today  its amazing! everyone should check out yarnisms  great prices for amazing work  smile 
your balls are showing  bumblebee tuna!!
so we took <propmale> to the dog park this morning and for the first time since we got go him he barked! it was like hearing my child say his first words lol
yay we finally have a little mony to go eat out  chinese food here we come  smile 
<propfemale> guerrero where are you?! lol
i love you baby but all i can think about is kilbasa sausage your buttcheeks is warm  smile 
i had my first actual eye exam today and had my eyes dialated and everything  they gave me a perscription for glasses but really weak ones i just need them when i drive and at work they will help m focus better  im very slightly far sighted  other then that my eyes are healthy!!!  smile 
if i was a testicle in a sac id wanna be the left one  its the furthest away from the taint  duck butter!!!
no your not hardcore  unless you live hardcore  and the legend of the rent was way hardcore!!!
so i was gonn put <propmale> in his krate and he just snapped at me   growled and wouldnt stop barking at me  so i left him out  hopefully our house is still in one peice   that was crazy!
finally we both have a day off together  gonna take <propmale> for a good long walk then its back home and into our pjs  smile 
not really a fan of either team  but go packers!! other then that im excited for the commercials  laugh  good luck today james  bring home the ring!
glad you got the win greenbay!!! you guys played good   game was awesome  halftime show was good  but i have to say  fergie i love you but you are terrible live lol
im at the movie theatres and the guy in front of me starts talking on his phone  as im about to start choking him i look down at my what would jesus do bracelet  smile  so i lit him on fire and sent him to hell
butt sex is like spinach   the more its forced on you as a child the less youll like it as an adult
took <propfirst> to work this morning and poor <propmale> had to poop so he did in the back seat  it was rancid!! <propfirst> and i both almost threw up hahaha
so happy <propfemale> imfurst is out of the competition  she was annoying!! im curious to see who knows what im talking about lol
"i got my yarnisms today!!! they are so pretty  i love the way she mixes the colors together  check out the yarnisms <propfemale> on my \like\"" list  smile """
ah dew!!
"<propfemale> pohler annoyed we're raising money for global                   warnings\""\",4174715928983435cc8e0e9d06300bba,its so fluffy i could die!!!!
caralissa i love you!!!!! got your package today  i claimed the t shirt already lol and also i have discovered im in the water wing category lmao!!! thank you my love  miss you bunches
i want tadeos!! damn u washington for not having one lol
looks like im calling the irs tomorrow  ugh this is pissing me off
happy love day to everyone  even though i now have someone to share this day with i still think its a waste of a holiday  there shouldnt be one day a year you show someone you love them  it should be every day!! all year!! to love people!!!!!! to love   cheers!  smile  i love you <propfirst>  wink 
i sent <propfirst> yellow roses to his shop today then bought him  game after work  who says guys cant be treated like princes on valentines day  smile 
alright lets try this irs thing again  hope its not the automated crap again  lame!!!
ok so to my <propfemale> peoples  i called the irs and they will be sending a letter to the company in manhatton beach letting them know they need to send them out  they will have 10 days after getting the letter to respond by either sending them out or talking to the irs  she said if u havent recieved it to call asap!
oh panic at the disco how is love you so  new song ballad of <propfemale> <propfemale> is awesome   you never dissapoint!
i miss my dad  sad 
so we just watched paranormal activity 2   thw first one was scarier  i pretty much pedicted this one and wasnt scared  thank you god!! lol
mmm sleepy time tea is the new nyquil  it knocks me the f*#k out!! lol
why do people like <propfemale>? serious question  her songs are annoying  she cant sing and she looks like a crack whore  what is this world comming to! lol
"finally watched milk  what an amazing movie, amazing story, amazing man! thank you <propfemale>  smile "
"so im watching a documentary on <propfirst> hart  and i thougt about the night i almost choked out <propfirst> (i think he let me lol) but id like to thank you <propfemale>, my brother, for all those times u trated me lik u little brother an alwas did those wrestling moves on me  you made me tougher and how to fake cry so dad would yell at you  i love you brother!"
home eatin dinner with my scottie  i love him  smile 
there will be an <propfemale> festival the 13-14 at the seattle center  i want to go soooo bad  anyone interested????
dinner with the girls tonight was a blast!! i havent laughed that hard in a long time  smile 
well it was <propfemale> lol
mmm pizza before work  yummy!!
i must admit im starting to crush on zac efron  not high school musical zac but <propfirst> st cloud zac   he has beautiful eyes  and can actually act  mmhmm  smile  dont hate <propfirst>! haha
woke up this morning to a winter wonderland   soooo much snow!
made it home safe  its icy out there
well hello there little anal dwelling butt monkey  smile 
well today was really productive smile  we took <propmale> to the dog prk for 2 hours and laughed while he kept trying to hump another dog  got groceries fo dinner tonight  then we cleaned the crap out of the house  scotts making his chilli for dinner tonight mmmm   you all should be thankful you dont live here cause we gonna blow it up!!! haha
"dinner=chilli\entertainment=megamind\crystal=happy as a little girrl!"
day 4 of snow   what the heck i thought it was only gonna last 2 days  it is mucho frio outside  everyone stay bundled up and be safe!
watched due date tonight  it was hilarious!
oscars tonight   cant wait!!!
son of a biscuit eater!!!! thatll teach me to wear white to the dog park   my broncos sweater got mud on it  sad 
lame!!! its beautiful outside and i have to work  ah well i had a good 3 day weekend full of snow  smile 
we just saw 127 hours and oh my goodness it was amazing   that man is a survivor! it was horrible what he went through and to come out alive  amazing  i recommend it to everyone!
so listening to the radio comming home from dropping off scott  they hd this question for ppl to call in to answer  it was what does 15% of ppl keep in their wallet or purse for at least a year  fist thing that popped in my head was a condom  everyone was giving lame answers so i trid calling  come to find out the answer was a fortune cookie paper!! glad i didnt get through lol
saved by the bell    in hd!!!! <propmale> <propmale> never looked so delicious   sigh  smile 
lmao!!! <propfirst> kardashian has a new single called jam  and its terrible!!! please dont pursue a singing career <propfirst> lol
is it weird that im not attracted to <propmale> leto when hes acting  but when hes singing hes just so yummy! lol muy delicioso  smile 
i love <propfemale> hilsons music video for pretty girl rock  its cute
i steal from the <propmale> and give to the needy (he takes a little something) but im not greedy! i rescue pretty damsels man im good  break it down!
had a dream we had a little girl   she was so beautiful i didnt want to wake up  
i loathe tv evangelists   this guy says that if you call and donate 1000 dollars to him god will bless you with seven times that much money within 90 days   if you call and say you dont hve the full 1000 give what you can and your personal info and theyll get the rest by 30 days cause he knows god will bless him with the rest within that time   what a douche hole!
i can be such a cotton headed ninny muggins at times  wah wah wah lol
made some teriyaki chicken with veggies and white rice   it certainly was delicious  smile 
now it is time for you to lip sink for your life   and dont fuck it up!!  rupauls drag race on tonight!!!! weehoo smile 
<propfemale> fucked up my w2 forms    my ssn is completly fucked up  they put 2 different ssn  one on my state one on my federal   they hve my last nme wrong on one   its ridiculous  i think this is the most pissed off ive been in a long time  dumbasses!
my love leaves for 2 weeks tomorrow  going to new orleans  hope he has a blast  smile 
<propfemale> you totally rock my socks  i love my new set  yarnisms com check it out!!
taking <propfirst> to the base airport then straight to work for 4 hours  today is gonna drag
<propfirst> made it to new orleans safe  smile 
kinda got sucked into the teen mom show  and all i hve to say is  janelle is a dumbass  chelsea needs to wake the hell up and i feel so bad for kaylin <propfirst> is such an ass
<propfirst> 3:16 says i just whipped your ass!!!
yay our computr is working again  thank you <propfemale>!!!
aww maxx really misses scott   kinda sad  sad 
wow today was definatly productive   i cleaned the garage for scott   it looks amazing!! why am i so amazing?!
stone cold <propmale> <propfirst> is the best in the world  and none of you jambronies better say otherwise or ill have to raise some hell and open up a can of whoop ass!! lol
excited for tomorrow  going to the <propfemale> festival in seattle!!! woot woot  a little worried about leaving <propmale> alone though  hope he does ok  
rupauls drag race!!! woohoo my show is on  smile 
i feel like a piddle of poodoo  sad  (only <propfemale> will get this lol)
still feeling like poop  i hope the day goes by fast  
happy st pattys day!!!!
yup im sick
today is a big day for one of my best friends  she will be walking down the isle and saying i do to the perfect man for her   im so sad i cant be there but i know its going to be an amazing day for you both and i wish you all the happiness in th world  cherish this day and each other  cheers to the future mr & mrs harker!
<propfemale> hooch   hooch  smile 
missin my hunk of sexy man meat
i hvent been able to eat much the past week  but now i want a pizza all to myself with a 6 pack of newcastle  ahh if only
"a wise man once said  \brothers dont shake hands  brothers gotta hug\"" words to live by  let it fill your soul sinners  playful """
omg the sun is out and theres very little wind   it feels amazing snarf snarf!
so i was outside from 11-330  the sun just felt so amazing  it was t shirt weather  no need for the sweaters  smile  love it!
so im checking out prices for flights back to cali  an yeah its gonna break us
tomorrow my love comes home  cant wait to hold him in my arms  smile 
<propfirst> is on his way home  chika chika yeah!
went and had dinner at <propfemale> garden  it was delicious  we had such a good time  very happy hes home  smile 
we finally did our taxes and pretty happy with what we're getting back  now just waiting to go to work
we saw the fighter and the tourist  loved both  smile 
i am very blessed to have such amazing people to call my brother and sister  i love you both and thank you for all your help  smile 
watched black swan and tangled  loved them!!
so our laptop is done again  sad  lame!!!
"day 10: a song that makes you fall asleep\\really anything by <propmale> grobin  not that its lame  he just has a soothing voice lol"
yay!!! they are making the <propfirst> <propmale> e playful erience game for kinect  whooo hehe! jamon!
"day 11-a song from your favorite band \\any song from 5 finger death punch  my favorite band in the whole wide world!!!!"
we went to the gym today and now my legs feel like jello lol but on the flip side   wrestlmania!!!!!
we have a full house  dog sitting two other puppies for some friends  smile 
oh stone cold how i love thee   we've had at least a 15 year relationship hahaha
i love you <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
went to the gym this morning  felt amazing!! hoping to get back to how i used to be
went to the gym and now time to get ready for work   we might buy couches today!!! yay  smile 
why is it that military people are the ones that are getting screwed out of their paycheck when theres all these corprate jackasses that keep on getting richer  something doesnt seem right about that
going to take the jeep on some trails today  im pretty excited!
so im pretty happy <propfirst> didnt make fun of me or think i was lame when i cried cause edge retired  shut up people! lol it was sad   all my favorite wrestlers are leaving  sad 
so i think i figured out my purpose in life  i believe god put me on this earth to put smiles on everyones face  whether it be because im hilarious or hilarious looking  either way i think im doing him proud   chika chika yeah!
<propfirst> franco is from palo alto  i did not know that lol
its so beautiful outside  to bad i work all day  money money money money  money!!
spending easter in seattle at the science museum  smile  its fun watching <propfirst> geek out haha
yay raja!!!!!
if anyone can find where they would have the <propmale> horror picture show in washington  can you let me know  ive been looking but i cant find anything   oh how i want to do the time warp!!! lol
taking <propmale> to the dog park   its so windy  please come out sun!!
so i just saw the little carnival thats going up by where we live  im excited!!lol i want to get on every ride and ill push any kid that gets in my way! hahaha jk but really i will
such a beautiful day today  i hope it lasts  smile 
america  fuck yeah! so lick my butt and suck on my balls   ahrec bahren  smile 
dr 's appointment tomorrow to get my throat looked at  think my tonsils are swollen again  lamezoid!!! i feel like fecalmatter  playful 
ugh i feel like shiznit  thank goodness i dont work today
so dr said i have a bad ear and sinus infection  so not too bad  they had me wear a mask  im contagious!! muahahahahaha ha!
ugh i feel like crap  hopefully work goes by fast so i can get back in bed  i smell of sickness  stinko de mayo! lol
