b18e134962baba8287015c816935f83e
can you really get your mind around the number twenty-four billion?
i'm going to spend a few hours in the math lab doing homework before class 
"i just got home after spending a wonderful weekend with <propmale>  i'm so exhausted, its time for sleep  i have an early english class tomorrow   good night!"
"up at 6 smile 0am, going for a jog before i leave for class "
just went on a 3 mile bike ride in this 100º weather 
california should raise the tax on tobacco and alcohol before social and health services get cut 
just got home from a three mile bike ride along the american river before the temperature <propfemale> above 100º 
"can't find my thumb drive, not good     sad "
i wonder if everyone is going to buy oxiclean off the shelves now that <propfirst> mays has died  just like people bought <propfirst> <propmale>'s albums after he died 
thinks he might have add  i am working on an essay for english and getting distracted easily 
sometimes horoscope com speaks directly to my situation; its almost like they are writing to me  cancer: <propfemale> is the virtue of your stars today  learn it and <propfemale> will serve you well  giving people and your profession the time to become what it is
happy 4th of july! be safe!
"i'm going on a bike ride, its a nice day "
this is the first time in my life that i have school on my birthday 
i'm going to the american idol concert tomorrow  i'm excited to see <propfirst> <propfirst>!
i'm so excited to get to see <propfirst> <propfirst> tonight!
california's budget crisis is ridiculous  it is obviously going to take a combination of raises taxes and cuts to balance the budget  it can't be one way 
"its such a nice day, i don't want to go to school "
hates being left hanging 
i have a math final today 
is practicing <propmale> 7 chords on the guitar 
sometimes i miss living in the 80's 
i got up early and jogged over 3 <propmale> before the temperature <propfemale> above 100° 
is one step closer to a 6-pack  hopefully i will have one by october 
"i reduced my carbon footprint today, by buying a brita© water pitcher "
i have to go to amador county today  i hate going there 
son <propfemale> <propmale> jour pour <propfemale> tour de vélo 
?????????
i woke up dizzy this morning   sad 
i'm facing a budget deficit like california      sad 
its about time mr  <propfirst> jong-il did something humanitarian by pardoning <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst> 
thank you president <propmale> for bringing <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst> back to the u s 
needs to find peace of mind 
finds it ironic that people are getting physically injured in the name of healthcare 
is getting more comfortable reading guitar tabs 
i'm going to try and stay awake to watch the meteor shower tonight 
i have to spend the night in amador county tonight  it is not my favorite place to be 
thank you to all the california firefighters 
"i woke up at 7 smile 0am, rode the bike for 3 <propmale>, did the dishes, laundry, cleaned the carpet, picked up my prescription, went on a 3 mile jog, cleaned the kitchen, vacuumed, and took out the trash   now its time to relax for the rest of day "
is dizzy and has a migraine       sad 
just got back from an approximately 3 75 mile bike ride 
is baking a cake 
i can't believe i knocked over a glass of red juice on my carpet!
i just got back from a 10 mile bike ride  five <propmale> up the american river parkway and back  my legs are so tired 
is only checking facebook once a week 
is feeling the pressure of these projects that i'm working on 
i revamped my apartment  it looks and feels much more comfortable 
feels like he caught a cold    sad 
doesn't like this cold weather 
adding weights when one goes bicycling makes a difference  my lower back is feeling that difference today 
i have no idea where my keys are  i looked everywhere     annoyed \
i recieved the h1n1 vaccine yesterday  i hope it doesn't make me sick 
just finished an 18-mile bike ride 
"i was brave today, i cut my own hair "
one more month to go until its 2010! i'm so ready to put 2009 behind me 
"i find it to be ironic that i can go out in 104°f weather and ride 20 <propmale> with no problem, but when the temperature drops below 60°f, riding 3 <propmale> is difficult  i hate cold weather "
i need to find a cardio activity to do when it gets this cold 
it's always fun to ride to the state capitol and watch the protests 
prefers reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction 
happy holidays!
i'd hate to be gov  <propmale> schwarzenegger as california's bond rating goes down the tubes 
i'm ready for the rain to stop 
it nice to finally see the sun 
i hope everyone has a good weekend 
"\cogito ergo sum \"""""
is being placed in the middle 
is amused to have internet for tonight!
such a nice day today 
why is physical health given more weight and attention than psychological health?
"my horoscope today: cancer: you've got a lot on your mind right  now, cancer, and others might be interpreting your quiet behavior as  your being aloof  go right ahead and let them think whatever they want   you've got some real issues to think through, and decisions with  important consequences to come up with  you'll be able to smooth their  ruffled feathers later  right now, just focus on taking care of yourself "
needs to do a lot of preparation this weekend 
"\i'm afraid of americans\""-  <propfirst> bowie"""
started to bike ride again  did 18 <propmale> yesterday 
i wish i could goto coachella this weekend 
"if tomorrow turns out to be a nice day, then my goal for tomorrow is 19 <propmale> "
it was such a nice spring day along the american river parkway 
just got home from a 24 mile bike ride 
"had lunch in sausalito today  i wish i would have brought my bicycle, the weather was gorgeous "
i rode a cumulative total of 67 <propmale> this past week 
feels nostalgic 
loves coffee in the morning 
i saw matisyahu perform at the california capital yesterday; he was awesome 
is tired 
¡felíz cinco de mayo!
my cat had kittens last night  who wants one?
had fun at concert in the park tonight 
i don't feel great today 
i completed a ten mile bike now laying by the pool  i love this weather 
at the amgen bike tour in downtown sacramento 
<propfemale> is an undervalued virtue 
i have the courage to see life as it really is 
just took a hot bubble bath and now drinking a glass (or three) of pinot noi 
wondering what this week has in store for me 
"<propfirst> brown or <propfemale> whitman? i'm undecided, it will be interesting who puts on the best campaign "
"staying in amador county for a short time, if anyone wants to chill let me know "
i love having my birthday in the summer  27!!!
"i took my cat, <propfemale>, to the vet this morning to be spayed "
who should replace chief justice <propfirst> <propfirst>?
dislikes bp 
"when i think about the unimaginable suffering being e playful erienced by all forms of life in the gulf of mexico (i e  sea turtles being burned alive in oil burn-offs, birds and other <propfemale> animals being suffocated and poisoned, not to mention all the people who have had their livelihoods destroyed), an 18 billion dollar fine doesn't seem adequate "
just say no to racial profiling!
"prop 8 overturned! \\discrimination does not have a place in california "
i'm exhausted  i had the worst night ever!
"i'm not sure what to think about the mosque at ground zero issue  i see that if the cordoba initiative was to be barred from building the mosque, then their first amendment rights would be violated, which is never ok  on the other hand, the negative psychological impact that the mosque might symbolize for the people affected by 9 11 is definitely an important thing to consider "
i think wyclef <propfirst> would of done a lot of good for haiti as president 
a huge weight has been lifted from me  i am sooo relieved!
i'm in a great mood   smile 
i support u s  district judge <propfemale> phillips' ruling that 'don't ask don't tell' is unconstitutional  i don't see how a person's sexual attraction affects their capacity and ability to put their lives up for ante in defense of the united states of <propfemale> 
"i just took a moment of silence in acknowledgement and remembrance for the victims of september 11, 2001 "
i cant wait for thursday!
how can pope <propmale> xvi e playful ect a warm welcome in the united kingdom when the organization he leads has repeatedly attempted to cover up various sexual crimes against children?
i just bought a bmw z3! its sooo awesome!
it is such a blast driving with the top down!
my cat hasn't come home in three days      sad 
i think i'll pass on the genetically modified salmon 
"i haven't seen <propfemale>, my cat, since last thursday  the probability of her coming back is low  i miss her "
"my sister hit my car, while parked in the driveway, with an atv  \awww, i still can't believe it!   sad "
"any physician who participates in a sexual relationship with his or her patient or former patient, is e playful loiting the patient and not acting consistently with the hippocratic oath  the physician should, (emphasis added), always place the interests of the patient before their own interests  any physician who does not do this should not be a physician "
being reflective is gaining a perspective that is detached from what you already think so that you can look at and reflect on the things that you think as it were from the outside  one of the best ways to do this is through conversation 
i put my car in the body shop 
i want to go on a road trip soon!
will california ever have a budget?
"i got my car back from the body shop, it looks great!"
there needs to be at least five more hours in the day!
there is an intellectual side to life and an emotional side  the question is when should you base your behavior on intellect or emotions?
i must of slept in the wrong position because i can't turn my head to the right without e playful eriencing a sharp pain in the back of my neck    sad 
thousands of years of political history should hint to north korea that hereditary succession is not the best way to run a country 
i just switched my car insurance to geico® and saved hundreds of dollars!
i feel overwhelmed by the tsunami of negative political advertisments across the media  i am not very motivated to vote 
this is perfect weather for a top-down cruise  i'm having a great day      smile 
i am voting yes on proposition 19 
one hundred sixty dollars to hook up the car to the computer to see why the check engine light came on? it's just like hooking up an i-pod to a computer  whatever bmw
happy halloween everyone! be safe!
i jogged 2 78 <propmale> today 
good morning everyone!
why does the dmv have to be such an unpleasant place?
"i disagree with san fransico's ban on the happy meal  although mcdonalds is on the border of being posionous to the body, legislation seems intrusive in this case  it would be more appropiate for a governmental agency to fund educational advertisements on why it is harmful to eat such food "
i'm going to take a moment of silence in remembrance and gratitude for our u s  ventrans 
i'm disturbed by what seems to be an increase in suicide in this country and around the world  it is important to understand that suicide is the end result of a certain class of recognized medical conditions and not related to a person's moral character  it is a worthwhile endeavor to promote awareness of mental health and destigmatize 
i just came inside from doing doughnuts in the snow with an atv 
happy thanksgiving to everyone!
i'm ready to move out of california  the question is which state should i move to?
"\existence precedes essence \"" - jean-paul satre (french philosopher 1905-1980)\",b18e134962baba8287015c816935f83e,i need a jolt of passion 
"i hope everyone has a wonderful, safe christmas!"
"2010 has probably been the most profound year in my life  i have faced several deep challenges this year and came out on top and in the process, gained invaluable insights into the world and myself  i am looking forward for 2011 \ happy new years to everyone!"
i started this morning with a two mile jog  i need to work back to the twenty mile a day bike rides 
my thoughts and condolences go out to the victims and their families of yesterday's shooting in arizona 
"i love how it is the middle of winter, yet i'm dressed in a t-shirt, shorts, sandals, sunglasses and i had the top down going to the store today "
"??? ?????????? ???? ??? ?? ???????????? ?????????, ? ???????????? ?????? "
what does today have in store for me?
"\those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it \""\",b18e134962baba8287015c816935f83e,i'm finally starting to get over this cold thats lasted for days!
"assuming that god is all knowing, all powerful, and all good, the question for theists  then becomes why does suffering exist?  if god is all of these things, then it follows that he (or she) would have the power to create a world with far less suffering  i reject the free will argument because it fails to account for a great deal of suffering caused by natural events "
i'm going with the steelers for the super bowl 
"a right is a degree of protectiveness, as in i have a right not to be shot  a <propfemale> is a degree of discretion as in i have the <propfemale> to watch whatever tv show i want \there should not be a right to marriage equality, but rather a <propfemale> for marriage equality "
"it is clear that when a government chooses to ignore basic human rights, then revolution is inevitable "
"\love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies \"" \",b18e134962baba8287015c816935f83e,perhaps california could save a substantial amount of money if all death row inmates were given life without parole instead and the death penalty tossed out 
bmws are ridiculous cars to have in the snow          annoyed \
"i just finished digging out the car from the snow, i feel like i got my cardio in for the day "
"i am in the process of finding a job and i need some references  if you have known me for at least a year and would like to help me out, please send me a private message with your contact info  a big thank you in advance!    smile "
"a deficit happens when e playful enditures outweigh income  when this happens, the only thing to do to correct the situation is to cut e playful enditures  with this understanding, the question is why are unions opposed to ideas of concession?"
i got a job! i start training tomorrow!  smile 
"in the case of the black hole, not even light can escape  similarly, a drug addiction is enigmatic in the same sense as the black hole in that reason and logic break down and lose their meaning "
happiness is getting behind the wheel of a fast car 
"i can't believe i just forgot my ipod was in my sweater pocket when i put it in the washing machine! i got distracted when i was loading my clothes, then 3 seconds later i realized the ipod was in the pocket, but it was too late  all of my music is gone  my ipod was in indispensable tool i utilized in maintaining a positive mood "
"life is a intricate, continuous balancing act "
perfection arises out of repetition 
"a person who has mastered the virtue of class will, in the face of absurdity, still be able to respond with a benevolent type of respect "
"i think the recent catastrophe in japan is an austere reminder of cosmopolitanism, the view that i am fundamentally a citizen of the world "
"i'm going to the dentist today, but rather than being nervous, i excited   lol"
time to go shovel the driveway!
i need to goto germany and drive on the autobahn in a fast car before i die      smile 
