ea671cefcd5c0f5b49cd49f7db98faf4
what's on your mind today??????
are you having a super fruity day?
i have a job interview with the ymca on wednesday
it's read banned books week!!! so read a banned book 
you will fly and you will crawl;god knows even angels fall no such thing as you lost it all god knows even angels fall 
watching the complete history of <propfemale> abridged  lol
100% blonde
goldfish is what is on my mind
soph has an rui man
i mean i have a uri
chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
be the change you wish to see in the world  - mahatma gandhi 
i figured out what's wrong with life     other people
ran 3 <propmale> in 46 minutes
is wide awake at 10 at night
come to the dark side we have cookies !!!!
runt is gone i am sad
time to rock out in the shower  smile 
does any body know how to cite a quote with in a quote mla style?
boxcat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is done with her paper
wants to know if you heard about the easter egg hunt at the old folks home        they hid there own eggs
dreams are like rainbows       only idiots <propmale> them
some time i just plain hate how stupid my sister acts twords me
says embrace your dreams with passion
away we go has an awesome sound track
got behind the wheel and nearly had a heart attack !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who are you and what do i want             ?
can't do anything right to appease her mother
getting through books about the rawanda  and genocide is really hard
math is hard and evil and yet some how i am good at it     i have no idea why though
team <propfemale>'s dad
finished her job essay
"my sister thinks i am a bitch because i want to sell book for middle  schoolers , that were collected in a book drive for an old folks home  "
is yet again finished with her essay
needs help with the math homework
it's dark at my house
"s car begs for the strangest thing, like butter, but i know for a fact that she won't eat butter!"
"the pool is still broken , so no class till thursday grrrrrrrrrrr"
yeay were all doomed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs help with her math homework
i'm confused??????????? about every thing today              
"i love my cat, but my cat doesn't love me , that's the sad part "
happy birthday <propfemale> (my sister) and tango
"went to knotts yesterday with jonny , and the longest line we waited in was to get our season passes , so once we stood in line for 2 hours , every thing in retrospect seemed to be shorter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"here's my heart and soul , please grind it in to hambuger"
i just can't seem to get it right today
soph got an a in her death class
remember that blonde is only a bottle away
sometimes you need to be a little messed up to step up
says that if <propfirst> and i were to have kids they would be grekixan
purple
rip twinkie
"hey rcc students (ones who are not going to winter session ) what do you do from 12: till 4 because i have nothing to do and no place to be , so i was wondering if you would like to <propfemale> out during that time ????????????????????????"
is bored out of her mind
i did the macarena with my mobile phone in your bathroom because i'm not crazy 
she hasn't been the same since the house fell on her sister
is strange
misses all her high school friends  sad 
"celebrity look alike week!! change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like  if you have more than one, change it every day! let's see if we can all still recognize each other! re-post this as your status and check out all the celebrity look alikes!!\\"
people if you have farm ville please add me i am 7  people away from having a blue ribbon for local celebritie
needs farmville  neighbors damn it !!!!!!!!!!!
    is fist fighting with pigeons    it's harder then it seems    
"today's game - middle name only! everyone play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, then put your middle name at the end of this sentence    alexis"
"sings: soft <propfemale>, warm <propfemale>, little ball of fur, happy <propfemale>, sleepy <propfemale>, purr purr purr"
hello  my name is inigo montoya  you killed my father  prepare to die 
help support your local ems run with scissors  
"is very surprised at what ctrl+w doe  go on try it , its funny "
"today over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in california  in honor of all teachers, copy this into your facebook status  we are willing to post colors of our underwear, and places we were born  let's honor those who have made an impact in all of our lives! in the comments name a teacher who has impacted you!"
"all blondes are dumb  <propfemale> is a blonde  therefore, <propfemale> is dumb "
yet again i am the bad guy
"people i know it was a big earthquake , turust me the falult line runs down the middle of the living room"
dance like no one is watching  love 
"paranoia strikes deepinto your life it will creepit starts when you're always afraidyou step out of line, the man come and take you away"
"wants to feel better , being sick is so over rated"
"the power went out , so now i have to reset everything"
help me i blocked farmville how do i unblock it
baby plazoa
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, your house is a mess, or your familly is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend! ?"
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head but we can raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
once upon a time there was a giant pig that was done working for pink <propmale> so he moved to canada and they found him and sold him to a pizza factory and then he became the guinness book of world records biggest piece of ham on the planet and he was then shipped all over the world and it ended world hunger   the end 
greek festive on the hill today from 12-9 pm
is excused from jury duty
is done with her first draft of her final research paper 
everyone is entitled to their own opinion  its just that yours is stupid 
<propmale> <propfirst>: mort    mort: yes     <propmale> <propfirst> : shut up a little     mort: okay
has sunburned boobs  sad 
"says  please drop your panties, sir <propfirst>; i cannot wait until lunchtime!"
passed her divers permit test
got an industrial bar done toady in her right ear and it hurt
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment,copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get this just might be interesting! ?"
it's the first day of v-kay and i am in fillmore utah at k o a  and is missing her boy friend already     stupid book on tape talking about marriage sad 
is wondering when her mother will keep her end of the deal about the camping trip and all
is happy that a judge over tuned  voter enforced prop 8  !!!!!!!!!!!!!! love 
why do people who clearly know me and have known me for a long time and do actually enjoy being around me keep delating from their friend lists ????????
the cake is real the ipod is a lie
what breed of dog are you? -- my result: dachshund  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 40092 referrals status?aid=100000353103090
broke her football game virginity tonight !!!!!
has lost her mind      and her binder        
thinks that her  boyfriend has been around me and my family way too much and our habits and tendencies are starting to rub off on him           we wondered around the parking lot for 15 minutes because he lost ( forgot where he parked the ) car     but i still love him anyways   smile   love 
needs to start working out more and the boyfriend needs to get on board with me        and maybe even his family
let's get married and run away       goo goo dolls
"so live like you mean it\love 'til you feel it\it's all that we need in our lives-before its too late goo goo dolls"
says turn your anger into lust
utthis on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish forthe rest of 2010 and forward is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights   93% won't copy and paste    this  will you make it your status for at least one hour? just do it!!
"copyand paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known curefor someone who deserves a punch in the face except a punch in the face  but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this; they need a punch in the face "
"says a computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing"
you know where i'm going? south <propfemale>! its like <propfemale>    but south
"<propfirst> fredricksen:you'd better get up, <propfirst>  or else, the tigers will come and eat you  \<propfirst>: tigers don't live in south <propfemale>  zoology "
"says from blondes anonymous, love <propfemale>"
texting fun stuff
"says from blondes anonymous, love <propfemale>"
says now wants to go in to some form of teaching as a living so she can have time off to travel     man i sound just like my mother at this age      ???
