0c5c03c0dd2f8241dbdf3392006cf7dd
is making chicken pot pie from scratch crust and all          woooohooo exciting
pot pie was good    not perfect but good    won't use the crust recipe again    but everyone had seconds so first run was a hit   yay   unfortunately i was the only one dissapointed with it    must be the perfectionist in me
next on the menu    apple onion pork chops     yum
no work for me today what a bummer    i'm only a little sad about that though   
mmmmm      yogurt
two hours early to work    lots of waiting
soooo tired   
"just saw some of <propfirst>'s pg 2010 pics, i want to go back already"
time goes by faster when your happy
since i figure i'll be very early to work at least once a week if not twice i think i should learn to enjoy watching the traffic go by     if you took out all the squealing brakes it could be kinda peaceful
finally trying to relax its been a long day     still got a little while to go  sad 
"this morning was one of those times where i wish i was a kid again and could have called out of work just because i wanted to stay in bed  just got back from vacation and i already need a new set of batteries     i'll go back to being the enegizer <propfemale> when i get more awake, for now coffee!!!!! and the occasional customer at work  "
so      today looks busy   work      team trivia      and  the season premier of my boys!!!!!!!! soooo excited
wooooorkkk     if i don't get sent home i'll have almost 48 hours     it's needed but gosh i'm always just so tired   
just watched season 2 and 3 of my boys in one day      obsessed? maybe a <propmale>
<propfirst> is at school    i'm bored    and i dont feel to wonderful    stupid headache
"two hours early ro work    normally i clean and restock off the clock    but today is a sleepy day    i think i'll just lay on the cough close my eyes and listen to music till i get bored of that    \\besides that    i just realized how long my days really are with getting here two hours early no bueno  "
"sometimes i catch myself staring off into nothing, but while the view may be empty,in my mind there is always something going on  \continuously playing through my memories or picturing what is to come  \\somedays i just feel like a day dreaming romantic; not that there is anything wrong with that smile "
i've got coffee i've got a veiw of traffic what else is to be e playful ected of the weekday mornings in atlanta?
wants to know why business is slow on a friday?
really overcast today     kinda hopin it rains at 1 like the weather man says it will but it's not gonna happen     
it's a little creepy when        
has 15 minutes left of work!
"morning morning     yay sunshine    \\work     hangin with sis and niece   team trivia    then who knows but i have the next two days off!!"
my house is sleeping     and im awake     i bet the next one up will be the dog    then its anyone's guess   
almost done with sitting out in the heat     not too shabby
home sweet sweet home  i wonder if i should go swimming or take a cold shower    it was freakin hot today
"sooooo obama says the new rise in unemployment and the economic downturn is all the republicans fault   \\what a crock     "
"the supreme happiness of life is the conviction of being loved for yourself, or more correctly, being loved inspire of yourself \<propfirst> <propmale>"
"women are meant to be loved, not to be understood \<propfirst> wilde"
entering the realm of geekdome again     thinking about playing magic the gathering again
sooo three days off in a row      day two     bored out of my mind   
"mmmm     stayed up way too late playing magic on the xbox     damn game is becoming  an addiction   \\<propfirst> wants to go to dragon con    or whatever it is      says the cast of true blood will be there    i like true blood so maybe? what else is in it for me?"
btw anyone in the lawrenceville area that's interested in party games or more complex games     tower games on 120 and lawrenceville suwannee rent them for 6 bucks a week       a cheap way to have more variety at your get togethers!
super ready to be off of work     relaxing bubble bath sounds really good     and sleep     yeah that sleep thing    i hear it's nice
"we bought some magic cards last night when i got off of work     kinda exciting\\on another note <propfirst> and i may go hiking tuesday  need to find a good dog friendly trail   "
what is the longest word that cab be typed with only the left hand?
why where <propfirst> duck comics ban from finland?
team trivia tonight at wild wing cafe  who's down?
doctors appointment tomorrow       i don't like going to the doctors    
sitting here in the morning with <propmale> going to town on his squeaky ball makes me happy    i love my life
not that i am wicked excited but i seem to be doing the same thing most everyone in <propfemale> is doing        watching uga   
yay for team trivia night !!!!! who's down????
wonders why the day is going by so slowly     
one more hour one more hour one more hour        soooooo stinking hot i hate greeting
early     and nothing to do but clean     i shall wait just a bit longer     then <propfemale> and <propmale> are coming by! *excited*
a man would do nothing if he waited until he could do it so well that no one could find fault   ~john <propfirst> newman
"ideals\ are like stars; you will not succeed in touching them with your hands  \ but like the seafaring man on the desert of waters, you choose them as \your guides, and following them you will reach your <propfemale>   ~carl \schurz, address, faneuil hall, boston, 1859"
yay for team trivia night!!!! who's down? we got second place last week!
so i have a job interview tomorrow          i'm nervous    i know think confidence right?
"interview went well i think, they said they want someone that's gonna stick around!  i'll do that  told them i was trying to find a nitch somewhere! i'd like to think i've got the job but they have to check up on the insurance for the company car, fun stuff  keep your fingers crossed everyone!"
just go done shopping for <propfirst>'s bday party! yay my hubbub will have a great day saturday!!
"couple more erands then pickin up the hubby then i think a nap sounds good, and if i can convince <propfirst> we'll go to the puppy park"
"goooood morning! i've got coffee, and plenty of smiles for the rest of the day! hoping my work week goes well!\\and only one more day till <propfirst>'s birthday!"
is huming the happy happy birthday song    <propfirst>'s birthday today  i think i'm excited about the party we are havin  kinda bummed i didn't get around to finishing painting the apartment before we had a bunch of peoples over but i shall survive and promise to finish painting before my birthday! i love my dear husband <propfemale> much!
going to the fair
"yay trivia tonight, who's coming"
i think i think i think       grrrrr!!!
still feels like a little kid sometimes    
"wow, it has been one year today     so excited for the next and i can wait to wake up next to my wonderful husband for many more to come  i love you <propfirst> and yay for camping tomorrow!"
"25        hope its not supposed to feel different    because it doesn't    \yay for birthdays!"
"so does any one have any stories good or bad on chantix to help quit smoking????\\trying to figure out if it's a good choice for <propfirst> and i     the chantix thing not the quitting smoking part     already know smokings bad mmmmmkay    "
<propfirst> and i finally bought our own discs for disc golf now we can play anytime we have free time together! between two jobs and a full class schedule i wonder how much that will be? at least we have them so that it will be a possibility  maybe i can teach <propmale> to come and be good        then it could be a family occasion
"also, time to renew our lease     i think it's wonderful that they've decided to raise the rent      flipping lovely!"
"just so there is no confusion, being sick definitely freaking sucks   \\that is all     "
so      it seems i only want a cig when i'm bored      any thoughts on how to stay busy when not smoking?
"also, first night with <propfirst> working nights again and      i didn't sleep very well  bummer   "
its early and even though i haven't been smoking for almost two weeks now    it seems the cravings are hitting more often since yesterday      must strive for more will power   
yay for vets!    thank you
"in case anyone was wondering      moving out of an apartment building at 6 am is not nice to the people sleeping     especially if you are banging every piece of furniture on the metal stairs as you go    \\now i'm grumpy and awake who would have thought?"
sooo work plus tired = no good
five hours left till i can go home and take a hot bubble bath     i can't wait  for some reason i've been chilled all day   
off to work     something tells me today is going to be a long day
"oooo i get to finish painting my apartment today  kind of exciting  \first i was excited about buying curtains and a deep freezer now    i'm excited about painting     how lame am i?lol"
soooo my living room is now painted      now for the hallway    and i need to figure out what i'm doing with my damned kitchen i keep changing my mind   
"also, soon my curtains will be up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \\my apartment will soon look like a home and not some bachelor pad! yayness!"
awwww my hubby brought me a huge stuffed frog  smile  he's so sweet!
"went to see life as we know it last night with my brother, good    not a tear jerker but good"
boredom has set in    hubby is sleeping till he has to go to work    i can either    find some game to play or go buy a big bottle of wine and finish painting the hallway    thinking wine sounds good    but nothing else does   
what to watch? big bang theory or true blood?
oooooh yeah saw a funny pepto pink car on the way to the grocery store     not something you see every day
i should go to sleep and wake up again      try to start today over   
"my hubby bubby goes to work soon     *pout*  finishing off my bottle of wine, then sleeeeeeep  smile "
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want - to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique    way "
beer!!!!!!!
"winter is here    i am excited  although, with <propfemale> weather it will jump back up into the 70's in a few days    the weather can't decide if it wants to stay cold yet   sad  i totally need to put more thought into planning our ski trip  "
"also, i need a giant box    and then a small box  must trick small child on her birthday!"
<propfirst> and i havent been smoking for a month  i am very very excited!
"once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human \beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can \grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky \-- rainer <propfirst> rilke"
<propfirst> and i bought our livingroom set today  smile  we'll get it in a few weeks  i'm so excited!!!!
"excited     excited    excited   christmas will be here soonish and we will have a lovely time and my home is all decorated  also, i have made 3 pounds of sugar coated pecans     mmmmmm yum! i'm just so happy go lucky   "
work         still tired from the busy day yesterday     bummer
"i'm not crazy, i'm passionate \\it fits  "
house full of new furniture i feel oddly satisfied!!!!
send me a number to my inbox and i will post how i feel about you
"i am goig to make a huge breakfast tomorrow, pancakes, homemade hashbrowns, eggs, toast, bacon, fruit       i want my house to smell like heaven in the mornig  smile "
home soon!
good night  smile 
wow my house still smells like bacon and pancakes from this morning    odd but comforting
"ooo and <propfirst> brought me\roses  smile  such a sweet hubby"
"so, waiting to go to the dermatologist     1 smile 0 should really hurry up    "
"watching <propfemale>'s next top model, i've had 4 days off this week kinda going stir crazy    i made two cheesey chicken n rice casseroles     "
looks dark out    gloomy    i like <propfemale> mornings   
"sometimes i wish more people got everything that they deserve, and that more people appreciated what they have     and what they work hard to achieve    "
trying to figure out what kind of puppy to get in feb   
mmmm mint oreos
it's raining that makes me sad     hope it clears up by 8 smile 0
"wow, really thinking that i don't like having a hole on my shoulder     1 and a 1 2 weeks till its fully healed   wooohoo never let a dermatologist biopsy a mole     doesn't hurt during but damn        it feels awkward afterward   "
is reminded of how much she loves her husband everytime she spends a few hours without him  it's like missin my other half    
so    not that i'm complaining or anything but     someones car alarm just went off for 20 mins at 4 am      alright maybe i am complaining time to try to go back to sleep    
very ready for bed      but my body isn't      we shall see when i actually fall asleep   
"ate some panda e playful ress, took a bubble bath, been lazy on the couch cuddling with my hubby, lifes good     now if i could only get that foot massage i mentioned    lol mmm i'm spoiled sometimes"
"waiting for my <propfirst> bear to get home     i think i automatically wake up early so i can kiss him when he gets home, there is no other reason to wake up at 6 smile 0"
"awake again at 6 smile 0, no alarm clock needed this woman just wakes up! what the heck the sun isn't even up! i need to stay awake later maybe??? and <propfirst>'s not due home for another 30 mins     i'm pretty sure boredom will set in"
btw          need coffee!!!
"drinking coffee, sitting with my hubby listening to music and chatting     times like these make me so mushy sentimental emotional     i'm such a goofball"
so maybe i'll be the last one to get snow sad   i wanted to walk thepuppy in it he walks so funny when his feet are cold
wish i had boots then i'd really let <propmale> run ramant in the snows
yay for bubble baths      so relaxed  tomorrow work (possibly) and an oil change     and    umm yeah that's pretty much it besides loving my hubbub   smile 
wonders why people think it's cool to be a pain in the ass      
i feel weepy today      blah
needs a smile to brighten her day     maybe just another bubble bath will do the trick
"my eye ball\hurts  sad "
went out to play pool this evening     fun    definitely wanna  do it again    not terrified of the bar we went to so all and all a good two hours spent  smile  yay for happy times   
<propfirst> and i have a new family member!!! we picked out a new puppy today!
just finished shopping for tires    getting new checks and pampering myself with a manicure and pedicure    lovely rainy day off
sitting at sportstime chilling till my rings are fixed at <propmale>     2 hours to kill
yay for dealership prices! i freaking love spending over a hundred dollars on one thing     not
sleep needs to come back to me so that i am not a grumpy <propfemale> at 7 am    
is sick      and grumpy     blah
doesn't really wanna go to the dentist tomorrow    thinking about it makes my teeth hurt       i get to have a old root canal retreated and crowned yay go me!
