524c4d010c62bcb4b4ae6a28ad3233ac
it's a dog-eat-dog world
"[insert highly-biased, yet unsupported claim of a sports team's superiority over others]"
life kinda sucks
bored
"using my newfound knowledge and skill, i am making french toast  mmmm   "
my favorite part about programmer text books is that they are actually comical  truly a rare breed in the world of text books 
if ( ! canhave( object ) ) {      while( ! have( object ) ) {          want( object );       } }
road trip
i want more sleeeeeep
is *exhausted*  going to sleep now   
"for my best interests, i've decided to move back- pfsh   move ba    move back to louisiana to   hahaha god i can't even say that with a straight face in writing "
sleeeeepy time now
"beans and grapes, jokes and japes i'll play"
(fecal matter) > (texas) == true
wants to start working
is on his way home  smile 
home  finally  exhausted    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
literally just sneezed 12 times in a row    colds suck
is a nigger
serious nigger
ultra nigger
ultra
up up and awake!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
got a google wave invite!!
void
bored of being bored 
ugh
madness
"ahh, feel the alcohol nullify everything"
does not negotiate with terrorists
my stomach hurts and i'm tired
the internet is just a big playground for our brains
the proverbial has hit the commercial-grade turbine engine
simsalbimbamba saladu saladim
omg google's making their own dns service!!!
"bored, hungry, lonely, unemployed, tired, etc    "
loves working on projects
sleep
nightmares are weird
naptime
winter sucks  sad 
"\there's no place like 127 0 0 1\"""""
i see ghetto people
"after 5 days of sheer brutality, i can finally sleep  omg!!!!11!! < insanity>"
leave a one word comment that you think best  describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word 
"doppelganger week  during this week change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete) you have been told you look like     and re-post this message "
"sleeeeeeep    for the first time in probably one or two years, i have a normal sleep cycle"
muahahaha! when i solve software design and implementation puzzles it makes me feel all maniacal and fuzzy inside
i miss comfortable beds
can't sleep  sad 
mmm spaghetti
watching weeds again from season 1
"\even if i knew where to read government legislation i wouldn't  understand it  even if i understood it i would not be able to predict  whether it would be successful or not  the best i could do is try to use  it to re-enforce my preconceived notions \"""""
perpetually rejecting your reality and substituting my own 
"philosophy, halo 3, programming, etc  more fun than i assume when sober "
oh april fools   
oh hello snow  what an une playful ected surprize to see you  now please go away 
cinco de mayonnaise
worrrrrrrrrrrrk
"this \inter-net\"" i keep hearing about: it's never gonna catch on  it's just a fad """
ordered an htc evo android phone! finally 
warning! i have an android and i know how to use it 
"after procrastinating for about a year now, i finally reflashed the original firmware on my xbox 360's dvd drive and got it working again! bring on portal 2 and halo reach! ^ ^"
"loves free (legitimate) software that normally costs $11,000  smile "
"today i learned how awesome rice is  it's dirt cheap, yet filling  it's simple to cook, and you can flavor it with pretty much anything  ramen noodles look out "
"the desktop computer in my room has been turned off for well over 6 months  just now, while i was sitting on the floor in my room, it randomly turned itself on    "
"one paper down, one to go      plus a java program, a boatload of math homework, and two huge upcoming math tests  sigh"
semester finished  you gain 100 gold 
new monster computer!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas
a case of programmer's block     annoyed 
"the most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not \eureka!\"" but \""that's funny   \""\",524c4d010c62bcb4b4ae6a28ad3233ac,"1 9 = 0 1111    \9* (1 9) = 9* (0 1111     )\1 = 0 99999        \mind = blown"
"according to windows 7's calculator, sqrt(4)-2 != 0"
go to sleep  wake up after an hour for no reason  get on the computer and eat chips dip 
"an entire day of pure, distilled homework "
taxes finished! hooray!
"i just watched my cat take off at full speed and dive off a bed, face first into a wall "
likes to eat ear wax 
shouldn't there a holiday for celebrating the creation of the internet?
