b923dfa22ddd97ac06821747ad6d3dce
"is thinking, \i need some new pics \"""""
"says, \i watch too many depressing things on youtube \"""""
"is waiting to hear about the signatures on the referendum 71    and secretly hoping \protect\"" marriage washington didn't get enough """
"is pondering, \you know you're 'growing up' when you actually care about local politics!\"" (i'm paying attention to the mayor of seattle race )"""
"is feeling quite useless, as of late   > >"
"is really considering the direction of her life    or perhaps, lack thereof   facepalm"
"is conflicted, somewhat angry, and all around just tired    of almost everything "
"having another one of my \off days\""  *sigh* what else is new   """
"*sings* \i'm goin' home    to a place where i belong    where your love has always been enough for me   \"""""
"duuuude    brother was cool    grandma, not so much   blech   "
i need a new picture    *slump*
"got my hair done (finally)!!  laugh   need to get some pics with some better lighting, though    took pics when i got it done, but they didn't light the restaurant too well   sad   will post some soon, promise!  laugh "
"met a wonderful girl tonight and many of her friends   happy birthday, <propfemale>!!  laugh   man, what a good time    *smiling*  they got pictures, so i'll hopefully have some up, soon   laugh "
who do you have to kill to get good lighting for a vga camera phone? ^_-
oh    had a dog (housemate's) that i love go in for surgery to remove some cancer    she's home!! -*cheers*-
"here's love for you:  getting up for church, even though i'm not christian, after only 4 hours of sleep (insomnia bah!)    all because you'd rather not see a dear friend (who just had a mild stroke in dec ) go from lake city to capital hill by themselves   man, did i need coffee this morning    -*gglz*-"
"got a few pictures, but there's two problems: 1) fail vga phone camera    2) facebook would likely ban me because somebody would get offended  *shrug*"
"going to the club (the \wetspot\"" for those \""in the know\"") tonight!  wish me luck!  laugh """
"having a simple \blah\"" day """
"no more \blah day\""!!  i so just had a massive geek gasm!!  laugh   check out the media guest list for this year's <propfemale> city comic con and you'll see why!!  laugh """
over at a friend's house for the night   mass effect 2 is awesome!!! *geek girl squee!*
"i started posting videos on my youtube channel (under faeriefyregirl username)   am i asking for trouble?  with the many transphobes out there, i think i'm going to have a few more than my fair share of trolls   at least i have the courage to post, though  -shrug-"
gods    i need to stop staying up so late    or is it early? o o
to all on my friends list:  i'm almost never online    sorry about that 
"i need some new, higher quality pics   agree? click \like\"" """
broadcasting on blogtv com tonight at 4pm pdt: http annoyed  www blogtv com people faeriefyre
"omg!  <propfemale> hit a whopper!  joss whedon is rumored to be the director for the avengers movie!!  sadly, i'm about a month behind on this news    > >"
"heading to bed soon with so many ideas floating around in my head   maybe i'll dream something to contribute   for those who don't know, i've started writing, again   it's been a long time coming, too   let the dethroning of sparkly vampires commense!  laugh "
"off to a <propmale> start, but i think the book is coming along fine   chapter one still not finished, but i'm getting there   wink "
"for the first time ever, i'm going to marching in the pride parade, today   i admit some reluctance at this, but it should be okay   i'm not really one who's a fan of the spotlight, but more visible trans girls is a good thing for the community   besides, it's a nice day "
"chapter one is finally finished!  it's about 12 pages, single spaced, according to ms works word processor   took me long enough  *gglz*  laugh "
"been a little busy the last few days, but the book is coming along well and i think i'm making a new group of friends   laugh "
"why do i even bother making plans? two months ago, i planned to attend my 10-year reunion with a friend of mine  ssi and dshs have been giving me the shaft for over a year, so i'm so broke i can't pay attention    let alone fork over $300 for a round trip greyhound ticket    let alone $20 for the reunion party "
"life has a tendency of surprising me, it seems   so, i will be in burley this weekend and for the reunion!  omg, that happened fast    > >"
"finally home once again after making the trek to idaho for the reunion   it's a long story, really   i'll post a video on my youtube channel and link everybody here   there's quite the tale to weave   until then, i'm recovering and relaxing before i rev up in a day or two for something else entirely  (and, of course, catching up on a week's worth of fb and email stuff)"
"well, it's about time to get back into the fight with ssi and dshs   i finally got a lawyer   now    i need to find my armor and not stay awake all night and sleep all day   > >  (friggin' insomnia on top of depression     annoyed )"
"apparently, a lot of people are meeting others and hooking up here on facebook   i can think of several examples, including that turkish guy who made a music video based on the subject   so, am i not online enough?  o o"
"connecting with old friends is really therapeutic   in the past two weeks, i've run into at least two friends i haven't heard hide or hair of since <propmale> high   it's good to get in touch with you guys again (you know who you are!)   and, thanks for the long-lasting phone call   it did me good today    smile "
"got a <propmale> to stand on the soapbox last night at the meeting of the lgbt commission   for those of you seattle people who don't know about the commission, i'll share some links   hopefully, with many voices being heard, some of the not-so-kosher practices of the seattle police department will be changed for the better (including a \no tolerance\"" policy in regards to racist sexist etc  practices) """
"with recent political news insight, maybe i should just keep my nose out of it?  *shakes head* nah   "
getting ready to head over to ingersoll tonight   hope to see some peeps there   laugh 
liberals of america: why aren't we pissed off?!
"surrounded by people and in a populous area, i feel so trapped and alone   "
"*sigh* today's the day the application gets done and over with   the ball will be rolling, again    wish me luck "
"i like it on the dresser or the kitchen counter   good, convenient places    smile "
"is transgender and there are 4 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9m5u0v "
"is transgender and there are 3 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9m5u0v "
"is transgender and there are 2 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9m5u0v "
"is transgender and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9m5u0v "
"is transgender and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9m5u0v "
"*sings poorly* on the road again    *long sigh* gods, why does life have to keep throwing me the same bloody lemons? *another sigh* well, there will probably be another lapse in my communication level pretty soon   i apologize to everyone, in advance  *sad panda*"
happy to be back in the wasteland   mojave is nice   capital wasteland is for noobs!   laugh 
"much of last week, i spent a great deal of time gallivanting about the mojave wasteland   this week, albion will be mine!!!   laugh "
"getting really psyched about the \rally to restore sanity\"" downtown tomorrow   who's with me??!!   laugh """
happy samhain to all my friends!  blessed be    smile 
"oh, dear lord    republicans now have control of the house of representatives   this is going to be a catastrophe!  you think washington wasn't productive before, just wait through the next couple years   i didn't buy tickets to this circus!  did anyone else?"
"finally!!!!  honestly, i really could have fainted when i went grocery shopping yesterday morning   went to get a few things and, true to character, checked my receipt to determine my food stamp balance   imagine my surprise when i found a handful of benjamins were my new friends!  i could have fainted!\\what does this mean?  well, after 1 and 1 2 years of trying, i finally have my medical coverage back!"
"another solemn weekend beginning   national transgender day of rememberance is never a happy time   it's a time to remember the voices that were silenced   thankfully, the <propfirst> were down, this year, but just one is bad enough   this year, i didn't go to any events, but held a quiet vigil at home "
"holy jeebus, it's cold outside!!!   annoyed "
"i'm thinking about you, daddy   just haven't been ab<propfemale> to call, yet    besides, it's 2 am and you'd kill me   *<propfemale> sigh*"
"i'm thankful for my family, friends, and random words of encouragement from nearly perfect strangers   these are the lights of my life \\that, and my xbox 360    if i actually owned one    (hint-hint, nudge-nudge, shove down the stairs)"
14 days and counting    *sigh*
"13 days, and counting   "
"12 days and counting     also, i need a girlfriend   applicants?"
"well, the countdown is over    though, haven't been able to update because <propfemale>'s laptop kicked the bucket   so, my activity just went down the toilet   man, i need my own computer     annoyed   for those with an xbox, catch me on xbox live    smile "
"i'm back?  i think?  well, the laptop has been repaired and roared to life earlier today    after a quick insertion of the windows disc for repairs to the os   man, i do not envy <propfemale>, but her efforts have paid off and her baby lives again   everyone send her good tidings   she really worked pretty hard on that "
"i'm going to try something   i have no idea if it'll work or where it will go, but i've felt this overwhelming need to do something like this for a while, now   so, from time to time, check my notes for updates   i'm going to start writing game reviews   hope you enjoy them "
"okay, so got my hair done for late birthday early christmas present   now, need to find a camera to document the occasion    > >"
"at this point in time, i am actually seriously considering running for the house of representatives   i will be researching campaign rules and the like for the time being to see where i'd fall in the divide   currently, i would consider either district 1 (who will be loosing a rep  in 2012) or district 2   i live in district 2, but wa just got another house seat, so that could be changing soon   thoughts?  comments?"
"well, it's that time, again   time to rush head-long into 2011   not like we have much of a choice, right?  happy new year, everybody!   laugh "
"i have an admission to make:  i have a very hard time being happy for the people posting up news that they got their surgery or the date for said surgery is now set in stone   i love you guys, really, but the fact that i cannot afford it and probably never will tears me apart   i hope you can forgive me, but i just can't bring myself to be happy about it "
"i just got an e-mail from the hrc, <propfirst> solmonese, urging me to donate to the fight against hate groups standing in the way of marriage equality?  okay, <propfirst>, it's a relatively important topic of discussion   however, marriage doesn't mean <propfirst> if you can't get a job!  why aren't we fighting for <propfemale> anymore?  why isn't that our #1 issue?!"
<propfemale> and gin 
"i want to add a \games\"" section to my profile since they took away my xbox 360 tab!!   annoyed """
"the people of the united states could learn something from the nfl:  if a random small town nobody can beat all the odds, win the first two super bowls, and continue to compete with the richest guy from the big city, so can anyone "
