6c37670cf8b3a1873b0de934b794b795
live life or let the living rest 
got a airbrush  smile 
airbrushing shirts today 
my shirt that i painted is shit
don't know what to draw any suggestions
is going to at tysons corner
is writing tonight 
getting some krink paint markers or oink ink 
my hairs blue green now
in scotland
spent nearly 100 bucks on paint markers
back home!
i haz hope!
is wondering why?
what should i paint?
ugh cant sleep
worst night ever
when does school start?
today sucks!
w00t got new hair dye purple and green!
fml!!!fml!!fml!!!
got new metallic paint markers! gonna tag up the city!
is back!
my mom let me paint the basement with my airbrush and spray paint!
montgomery mall today
goodbye
school
moving in the spring
the school wont let me wear short sleeve t-shirts  school=stupid
school said i'm not allowed to show my arms wtf kind of rule is that?
2 smile 0
shitty day
ugh sunday   
ugh horrible day!
horrible day
having a beard and a mustache sucks 
almost got suspended today at school 
fuck everyone
i think my little sister like's cod:mw2 too much 
new school sucks
holy fuckamoley! friday is christmas  smile 
i cant take living life 
http annoyed  www facebook com posted php?id=100000082399380
"i finally was able to sleep today after a couple days of not being able to sleep \oh and mah links ~ http annoyed  www facebook com posted php?id=100000082399380"
do what ever the fuck you want to do!
hooked up my amp to play music!
fuck people 
insanity is a blessing 
insomnia 
"apparntly the uploader who put up most of my links deleted all his videos   \ass "
blasting amp 
last fm  love 
nine cd's burned today and not even halfway done 
profile pic win 
a pill a day keeps the insane away 
"you say i need to follow society's rules, yet our society was created of a destruction of an old one "
"been rollin' ,  motherfucker go insane"
"i've had enough of this bullshit conforming i do, so i don't goto jail or wind up dead or insane from mdma, i really don't care, fuck life, light it up, snoke it up, pop it in, drink it down, who gives a fuck what it is as long as it gets me away from reality i'm going to take it  fuck my health, fuck my emotions, fuck my life "
cookie monsta  love 
mystery team  love 
"when your spirit is floating down that tunnel, towards the light you know what's behind the light? it's not god, it's me!and i'm gonna kick your poncey soul all the way back down the tunnel 'till you choke on your own fucked up ribs! now   wake the fuck up!"
"fucking boring ass summer, might just paint it up, burn it up, and smack it up "
death with pride 
whitest kids u know on ifc
"fuck my fucking internet, fucking verizon"
a shitload of my links are now not working because of thee fucktard owners of youtube and ever since they've gotten pissy about the music on it  fuck you google 
death of a neon dream 
fuck people  fuck life 
"watched a bunch of my fav movies in the past few days \ <propfirst> darko\""  \""mindhunters\""  \""requiem for a dream\""  and saw \""the girl with the dragon tattoo\"" which was surprisingly word to word minus missing a few things of the book """
"almost finished with the book \a clockwork orange\"""""
who gives a fuck about other motherfuckers being ignorant shits if your having so much fucking fun doing what you do?
"oh, how i would love to drill holes in your cheeks and tie them together with barbed wire and watch you writhing in pain "
"sow the mouth shut, sow the eyes up, and cut 'thy veins out "
fucking kill me 
http annoyed  barbaric ytmnd com 
http annoyed  vaguehistorypart1 ytmnd com 
http annoyed  jjjrave ytmnd com 
http annoyed  ussrave ytmnd com 
"cried for a hour yesterday after i went mental after a fight with my mum, what fun  which led me to sleeping all day yesterday after that fight which led me to staying up till 5 am which led me to have a fucked up sleep pattern  what fun "
sometimes lying about certain things to people isn't good to do 
if you want any music that is not very well known  check my links  i have too many of them 
"i bought tf2, not too bad "
"my day wasnt too bad, played tf2 all day  got new weapons and hats  i really sometimes have no fucking clue what the hell i'm doing, but its still fun!"
cant sleep  i hate fucking insomnia  i also hate loneliness 
this is going to be fun  fuck with the fucked  the fucked is doing the fucking 
well halloween sucked  i wasnt even fucking in my head half the fucking time  and it made things practicly worse mentally wise
"55 hours, 21 minutes, and 44 seconds  thats a total of 541 songs which is the amount of music i have in my new music library  winamp  love "
http annoyed  www thisisdubstep co uk 
watching one of my fav movies snatch 
pre-ordered black ops w00t! gonna get it on tuesday or wednesday!!!!!
www brianlebarton com
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ic6a-bhdrsq&playnext=1&list=pld8cbedc54a42be74&index=4
"fuck you, i'll do it  watch the end product because the recipe is not something you see "
not in the mood for all this shit  fuck this 
anyone else hear about the crazy talk coming from north korea lately?
<propfirst> lebarton is fucking amazing 
"i was throwing up all day and had a killer migraine and still have a fucking migraine, but atleast i stopped fucking heaving"
both mad and sad 
http annoyed  www facebook com posted php?id=100000082399380
http annoyed  www facebook com posted php?id=100000082399380
i'm getting put on a new med again  fun 
"got a 12 inch motherfucking sub, a kick ass vinyl, and a touch screen zune hd"
fuck school 
on the zune
keep waking up in the afternoon 
fuuuuuuck
the reason i rarely ever wish happy birthday to people on facebook is becauase i dont want to seem like someone who doesnt actually mean it 
fucking hell  i need things to heal faster 
http annoyed  www cnn com 2011 opinion 01 13 obeidallah loughner muslims index html
fuck life
i had the best essay out of everyone for my english exam
depression + massive headaches = giving up
i want my lexipro back
"fucking sunday, i really want february the 8th to hurry up"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=gg5f2emmplu&feature=youtube_gdata_player
ps2 works
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=4vekw2sxjgu
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=olbgd8pf-za&feature=youtube_gdata_player
"my crysis 2 demo keeps freezing, but i can't stop playing it "
"i thought you might enjoy this cool machinima video, crysis 2 multiplayer demo briefing trailer [hd] http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh e6dkwfkc_m"
weighing the options
<propfemale> snaps is on
"fuck that, <propmale> gervaris show is on"
portlandia  love 
fuck this shit
withdrawal fucking sucks
"just woke up, glad i have a plan made "
fuck me  i hate insomnia 
i might act on my plan sometime soon maybe depending on how i feel
i forgot my tdu2 at my house
i got red dead redemption
watching the <propmale> horror show
encyclopediadramatica com red_dead_redemption
power went out at school
go fuck yourself 
"aw, bird walked over a pillow and hopped on the couch i wad sitting on "
does it look like i care what you think about me?
on bbc news everyone is talking about the tsunami and earthquake and fox news didn't say shit until they finally said about west coast tsunami warning once
how long do you think it will take for me to finish the 1096 paged book i'm reading?
fuuuuuuck help me
god fucking damnit it's sunday
i beat bioshock from start to finish in one and a half day
"i just got the undead nightmare collection for red dead redemption, oh and <propmale> thinks i gave my games to him for keeps  stupid fucking <propmale> "
i don't have a life do i? what a waste of space i am  i dont have actual meaningful conversations with people and music helps my social life more than people do
"fuck, fuck, fuck "
