ebe08723e1102cb8e00ea668521bd692
listening to musical mayhem
moving out tomorrow 
lovin it
peace off!!
gotta do what's right for me and my bebay
enchanted <propmale> soon
i have a bucket of chicken and some dirty lingere that says it's going to be wild night 
"work, ugh"
"seriously, how was <propmale> potter?"
went to enchanted <propmale> with her lover  1 year anniversary 
anything over 80 is too much for me and my little oregonian way
new <propmale> potter just sucked 
god i hate my job
"\space\"""""
"news radio  everynight, it's my life "
fuck chemicals
plans on moving toooooooo salem!
wash my car from the inside out bitch!
watching lion <propmale> 2
misses <propfemale>
i'm so sick
new phone need <propfirst>
wish i had a lamp
hates breaking up   sad (((((((
the worst feeling in the world is to love and hate someone at the same time 
watching mulan and eating milanos!
"things will never be the same so i guess i'll see you, i'll see you around ):"
reading astrology books   
is being a pisces
misses a certain ferret
i never wanna go back to work 
sclub7?
i know i'll never lose affection for people and things that went before i know i'll often stop and think about them
time on my hand could be time spent with you
boy in the striped pajamas just about killed me  never again 
loves moulin rouge    and <propfirst> leguizamo  smile 
she got eyes that cut you like a knife and lips that taste like sweet red wine ;}
whats up world
<propmale> and company
i just want christmas           too soon?
i wanna win mcdonalds monopoly   and i will!
got a promotion! love my job now! love it 
i'm a <propfemale> kat and i dance dance dance and i dance dance dance!
"moved into my new placey place    to school or not to school, that's my question"
just got internet  smile 
just got home from new <propfemale>  believe it
"just woke up gotta go to work in an hour, ahhhh turkey turkey turkey"
"it's so hard to look away when the daylight doesn't ever stay above this dull apartment view  its quite clear that i'm stuck here, so i'll devise a plan and cut out a door in my new living room floor "
no work today yay for lazy! wish the holiday maket was open on weekdays  annoyed 
waiting for the phone call that could change my fincial life! and ya know just chillin  
feeling sicky! gotta new straightener today though  smile  from the kiosk in the valley river mall lol satisfaction 
very <propfemale> christmas  smile 
backstreet boys  yes 
so so so happy
"a little impatient, ancy if you will "
can't wait to move feb 2nd!
"i hate moving, again and again and again "
waiting on a <propfemale> calander tv dinner lol
vote yes on 66 & 67 esspecially if your poor like me!
insomnia 
boats and hoes 
 love  <propmale> hartman 
signed the lease moving on feb 1st with britttnee  smile  on another note i love <propmale> hartman i'm gunna watch some snl now
"maybe its not my weekend, but its gunna be my year!"
i voted yes muthafuckas 66 and 67
"hates the smell of paint in an unventalated area for 5 hrs at <propfemale> wage, but loves that she just gave her one week notice  smile "
kindness is just love with it's workboots on   joyful 
surf ninjas  a suprisingly great kungfu movie!
i steal people's fannies!
i don't want to waste my time become another casualty of society   annoyed 
"one more week, eek!  laugh dddd"
needs boxes!
my bags are packed i'm ready to go     to bad i still have another week lol
"its not delivery, its dijiourno and its fucking delicious "
cut three inches off my hair! love it or leave it  smile 
new car?  joyful 
"crawling into bed cheep cheep, this lil birdy is tired"
ew sickness
i'm chilly! went to flipside today i love that store!
cha cha cha!
first day of my new job  smile  9am-6pm i'm a happy girl
so tired but my first day was awesome!
"if your looking for a great job and you have customer service e playful erience apply for enterprise, it's the most amazing job i've ever had! benefits and bonuses galore!  laugh "
sleepytime      tea?
is in her new apt and loving it
off to work to bring home the bacon!
fulltime job=no social life at all
dude 
i'm making a baby! (not for real    just for fakes)
hate is strong word but i really really really don't like you 
cool    beans  cool beans 
flustered in the best kind of way
i love <propfemale>
"potluck on friday, death clock on saturday"
"\its a beautiful mornin'! yeaahhhh\"""""
discombobulated??
all the leaves are brown 
super happy  laugh 
officially out of my teenage years today  laugh 
"\jesus stole my girlfriend\"""""
i love nachos   home made nachos    and cranberry juice
"i'm eating dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets, judge me "
wishes to travel 
daylight savings time fucked me again x_x
"getting a new car tomorrow  smile  they are delivering it to me, talk about b a "
needs a running partner
"hanging out with a bunch of smoothie making, army of two playing, mess making guys for my st  patties day  lol"
oh <propfirst> <propmale> you made my day
got my new car today 2009 dodge avenger white  amazing  smile  did it all by myself man!
cabbage soup  i said it 
what do you want from me!
i love it when people with really funny laughs  smile 
"bears, beets, battle <propfemale> galatica"
chesus 
so fucking irritated  should have got my own place had i known this shit would happen  whatever  
its wierd when you have a dream about someone who isn't real but when you wake up you wish they were 
i love <propfemale>
went sasquatch hunting today    unsuccessful   but still a good time!
 :::there are things we know and things we know we can't know::: 
is cooking so much chicken its insane!
winco pizza is amazing 
"sometimes i think the news will rot your brain more than cartoons will, ya know? atleast cartoons make you laugh "
hanging out with my drunk lil boyfriend lol
i miss my bestfriend  sad 
my pisces is acting up i want change  playful 
its my friday mutha fuckasssss   smile 
i'm a reclusive little thing 
against the wind 
moving soonly  smile 
you don't phase me 
on lunch break only 5 more hours till the weekend  it is so <propfemale> outside
cleaning my room leaving this tomorrow  haha 
 love 33 just happy  love 33
wishing my bestfriend would come back home already  miss you <propfemale> 
why does everyone hate creed?
falling asleep to the sounds of video games    the ussh
new favorite song airplanes b o b  feat  eminem
watching some good ol' <propfirst> <propfemale> snl best of and eating some salt and vingar chips!
your a slave to money then you die   playful 
"got hit today at an intersection, car might be totaled!"
is being shisty > smile 
interview  smile 
hoping i got the job  smile  and just finished moving <propmale> in with me 
"drank a brew at a pub tonight after a shatty day at work,   yes i meant to say shatty "
"if you can read this, thank a teacher  and since it's in english, thank a soldier "
wants to go out and do something today in the sun! hit me up!  smile 
"nothing says i don't give a fuck like baking a whole tositinos pizza, folding it over, and eating it all to you self  smile "
south park is brilliant   smile 
my bestfriend is coming back home to oregon  smile  never been happier
pokeme if you ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think im a good friend message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we have had good memories   now let's see who's braveenough to copy and paste this on their status 
got my glasses today  smile 
where do bad people go when they die   
"is going to work out tomorrow, running, push ups, sit ups i'm motivated!"
an epic game of risk is upon us  the middle east is mine bitches 
"took some pictures of <propfirst>, hes the cutest dog in the world  no contest "
had a great 4th  wink 
got a new job i start monday   smile 
wish i had a blender     banana smoothie sounds so good
mad hatter- have i gone mad?alice- i'm afraid so  you're entirely bonkers  but i'll tell you a secret  all the best people are 
ahhh kaylas back in town  smile 
cooking an aritchoke
working fulltime again  playful 
seriouslah    
i hate money
love eminem! love him 
feeling omniphobic
 love  <propfirst> lambert  smile 
night 
just got home from workinggg all dayyyyy  whatsup?
i want to get a street bike
dinner for smucks tonight
"fuck it  i'm doing it my way, the lawyerstein way!"
powers back on  smile 
new phone number 541-653-1475
are you living or existing?
"just me and <propfirst> tonight, doing what we do, netflix and bacon  haha"
finally going to see eclipse tonight!
"when i saw you i was afraid to meet you  when i met you i was afraid to kiss you  when i kissed you i was afraid to love you  now that i love you, i am afraid to lose you"
hoping that <propfirst> will get off early  smile 
"i'll be uppp uppp and awayy, cause they gunna judge me anyway so whatever "
hoping to see <propfirst> pilgram vs  the world tonight   joyful 
"this is the last night you'll spend alone, look me in the eyes so i know you know, your everything i want you to be "
<propfirst> tosh  doing it 
i want rollerblades but idk where to get them
"our word were like air we had such a simple moment in time, it was your eyes and my laughter, the thoughts we shared and how much we cared  no one knew me better than you  we classed each other, talking without end, opinions and defenses, i found no differences "
"god its late, curse you dog, curse you and your cuteness "
here we go one more time everybody's feeling fine     here we go noww
i love you rain  smile 
"it's sad how much i miss you, it's worse that i don't even know you anymore "
i love my ducks  smile 
lets party like we're pregnant!
tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you   tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it to be sure   ~murphy's law
"sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated "
"i'll give you <propfemale>, give you diamonds, give you pills, anything you want, hundred dollar bills!"
heading to portland  smile 
rediscovering imogen heap and loving it  laugh 
"i'm tired of being depended on, fuck i don't have or want kids for a reason, let me live my fucking life already!!"
<propmale> brasky was a son of a bitch!
"i believe the fight for financial freedom is unfair, and the only ones to disagree are millionaires -savage garden"
i'm so sick of watching while the minutes pass as i go no where 
die die die        i can't   laugh 
we all have our demons
"ready to play    see how forth coming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about you"
"all the teabaggers are a bunch of ignorant uneducated hillbillies  you do not represent what the majority of <propfemale> believes you are just the most idiotic, so you get the most attention  your not convincing anyone of your beliefs your just proving more and more how stupid you are "
where is the closest pumpkin patch?
holy shit i just got promoted 
"last day as a housekeeper, i'm moving on up "
i'm sick  start new jab 2morrow  bah 
"are you really laughing out loud, or are you just crying on the inside?  smile "
ducks are officially number one in the nation  smile )))
listening to christmas music on pandora  smile 
"i love blink182  especially there old, really whiny years  love "
"1st person to like this - you will be my profile pic for 24 hours  2nd person- your last name will be my last name for 1 day  3rd person- i'll marry you for 48 hours  4th person, i will write on your wall saying why i love you! 5th - you can ask me anything you want on chat and i'll tell the truth! put this as your status if you're brave   smile ?"
"i'm a zombie today, last night was awful"
i hate mean people!!!!!!!!
i hate confrontation but sometimes its the only option  today should be interesting      annoyed 
kinda my friday  smile  ishhhh
"i heard that people who like south park are the same people who love the office, well i second that "
<propmale> swardson does not deserve his own show 
really doesn't want to go to work today but you do what you do  sad 
emotionally ehausted 
happy halloweenie
is it wrong that i'm listening to christmas music on halloween?
did any <propfemale> <propmale> alumni see the front <propfemale> of the register gaurd today??? completely shocked! omg
"<propfemale> <propmale>, \thank you for making my day better "
watching some old homemade videos is a good way to start the day
relief ahhhhhh
"dropped off my car at the shop, now it's time to clean the house ;p"
ready for the day and whatever it may bring 
daylight savings time tonight people  wink 
today was a good day  smile 
"its nice to reflect back and be happy that somethings were left in the past, because you know they would have just held you back   wink "
i love christmas  i don't think i love anything more than christmas 
i'm so proud of my hansom boyfriend  smile  he's a good man 
today was a good day  smile 
like a boss 
it's just like that crazy old palm reader said 
good morning! im going to sharis!
so done with family problems 
possible christmas shopping tonight  smile 
almost off work for my three day weekend!  smile  can't wait to get to <propfemale> point  smile 
having fun in <propfemale> point with <propfirst> and my grandparents  smile 
are the ducks winning? i'm @ work! someone update me!
another slow day @ work   smile 
going to the dollar store tonight to get some xmas decor   smile  it's not cheap it's thrifty mother fuckers lol
"i'm not going to back down from this one  is it really this hard to just have a job where you don't have to be harassed on a daily basis?? sending and resending documents to people who don't even want to help, good thing i have an ace in the hole "
got a xmas tree and decorated it  laugh 
brought back black ops  five times fast  do it  you sound like a chicken
it's the fucking <propfemale> wine mixer
welp here goes nothing   annoyed 
we going to the 'ship  smile 
"oh <propfirst> <propfirst>, your movies make me cry everytime   love "
damn you qwop
ch ch <propfemale>!
does anyone remember the disney movie <propfemale> q?
"soup, salad,     breadsticks! lol i'm going to the <propfemale> garden 4 lunch  smile "
found a nice apartment for me and <propfirst> to move to in may  smile  yay!
stuffin stockings and drinking some blue machine naked juice 
"oh <propfirst> colbert, how i love thee "
can't wait for xmas!!! why is no one posting about christmas!!
cheezy enchilada hamburger helper  love 
i hate sticky situations that are just shoved in your face on a daily basis 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone  smile 
i'm just a goat that's half way through eating itself 
aw the homeless guy got a job  smile  that warms my heart
eating dinner w  my mom  smile 
oh excuse me were you sayin' something? nu-uh you can't tell me nothing 
"has just watched two seasons of the secret life of the american teenager, and it's not over yet, we have 3 more seasons "
i've been fly so long i fell asleep on the fucking plannneeee 
 ::enjoying our new apartment:: 
5 days till my 21st birthday bitches  smile 
thanks for all the happy birthdays  smile 
"i hate the dentist, i swear i will bite a motherfucker "
possibly on the move to <propfemale> <propfemale> california  smile 
listening to kid cudi i wish he had more music videos
<propfemale>'s next top model tonight!
shit happens 
<propmale> babcock is the coolest 
"do you ever wonder why your soul is in debt?   the future is pending, how will you cross the lakes and rivers that surround you?   "
fucking asprin kick in so i can sleep!
i love shenanigans 
fuggin' a
i wish i could dance like it was as easy as breathing  like a fucking ballerina 
i hate this lost feeling  god it must be spring  i hate this time of year 
1 1 2 hours of sleep < 8 hours of work
"when the sun come up, i'll be there to say what up in the morning "
"eating ramen, writing poetry, dealing with allergies, yeah it's lunch time "
oh look at me im in the bathroom doing my hair because i'm so goddamn important  laugh 
"takin names in the mornin, kickin ass in the evenin "
"i'm full on blonde, full on "
somehow i found a way to get lost in you 
im playing dragon age 2 on jakes xbox and its amazing
"went baby shopping for ryder, can't wait to be an aunt  smile ))"
"wait, is that song about foodstamps?"
"i tried so hard to not walk away\and when things don't go my way\i'll still <propfemale> on and on just the same"
goodnight world wide web 
can't wait for cage the elephant to come to <propfirst>!
i have a leopard-print dress that says it's going to be a good night  smile 
"i'm not offended, your not my demographic "
i love to love to hate it 
kid cuddi june 15th  fuck ya 
"<propfemale> is the best friend a girl could want, she gets me through all the thicks and thins! love ya!"
weather changes mood  -<propmale> cobain 
checking out some apartments today  smile  then gunna check out some live music tonight with my broski 
fuck yes for naps   smile 
"really wants to watch either p s  i love you or stepbrothers tonight, complete opposites, i know "
i'm so happyyyyyy  smile 
"sometimes i don't even know what the hell i mean, but i mean it "
everyone should write their favorite movie quote on this post! go!
i really am starting to get irritated with being sick every other week  bahhh 
"damn, regret "
"ahh! i got the apartment for sure i\m so happy! this will be my last move for a very very very long time  smile """
too sick to go out  sad  this is gunna be a recovery weekend 
i'm just a girl in the world 
no clouds in my sky   
"takin a week off, heading out to narnia tonight via my wardrobe "
"it's beautiful tonight in narnia, mr tumnus greeted me we are heading out to the castle "
"i'm going to just sleep here in the meadow under the stars with a couple of friends i've made, hopefully the <propfemale> doesn't find us "
"work is so constant, here in narnia   "
aslan told me about the illigitatment child and is it wierd that i'm not suprised?
"i'm an emotional creature,     in narnia still "
"moving day!    after work, but still  smile "
the beaver told me that his dad doesn't know the difference between deer tracks and snack packs  i digress 
"well i'm out of the wardrobe finally, mr beaver left his wife for me, we are just chillin at my place now  good times "
i'm such a happy girl in my new apartment  smile 
i get by with a little help from my friends  wink  tie-dye with <propfemale> today fosho 
"\hey what's that little voice that always tells you no?\""-christopher pecue"""
<propfirst> and benifibers maybe wedding of the season tonight!
hey its oz    treats?     im a sausage on the kitchen floor    
if it makes you happy then why the hell are you so sad 
it's a topic of interest 
"\we gotta get to these berries before the bugs do \"""""
<propfirst> teach  
i surely love the fact that <propfirst> fulton does not do fun half assed 
finally got a new laptop today  smile ) this weekend was amazing all in all!
superbass  love 
"so much poison oak, fuck! cage the elephant tomorrow night!"
"wow i take a vacation day tomorrow and i have to get up for jury duty, jury fudging duty    duty   fuck "
had to miss out on my concert for a dr visit and some vicodin for this damn poison oak fml
cupcake fruity pepples in my mouth 
cleaning and listening to pandora radio  smile  life is good today 
ugh 
realized something today that totally changes my point of view on  just about everything in the best way possible   smile 
"eating icecream and recovering from poison oak, still "
im an aunt! welcome to the world ryder <propfirst>  smile 
"i seriously couldn't be happier, today has been amazing  smile "
insomnia 
considering dying hair a light brown to dark brown   
mmm freezer pop!
ahhhhmazing  smile 
went darkbrown  smile 
i love me some peppercinies on my sandwich  smile 
money is such a struggle 
those who don't believe in magic will never find it 
"\its impossible\"" said pride  \""it's risky\"" said e playful erience  \""it's pointless\"" said reason  \""give it a try\"" whispered the heart   smile """
so down for the rodeo this year
bad dream   sad 
"sometimes i just want what i want when i want it, i'm so over this dissatisfaction of things, places, and people  maybe i'm just being picky maybe i'm just being a pisces idk "
"\i'm a pisces i do anything for money\"" lol -<propfirst> nickatina"""
