dfdc1ae9b8ec57408c65f61a4012fab2
<propmale> is retarted
whats to <propfemale> with some friends
whats to go on a vacation      =[
its my day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sooooooooooooooooooooooo bored  i cant sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
single         but heart broken
why is life going down hill in what is supposed to be the best years of my life
at the apple store chillin the i pad is alsome
wants someone to hug
time flies when your bored        not!!!!!!!!!!!!
im frezzing my ass off at the computer
i will become <propfemale>'s number 1 stalker!!!!        wait that sounds bad doesnt it
heading home  dont you just love work  sad 
why is it that what people say can hurt you more than a physical injury
my ass hurts from sitting in this chair to long
missing you
time for youtube goodbye and goodnight facebook
im gonna go in there hit him with the remote and till him to fix the tv
omg this fucking remote is the devil
mr price is the coolest professor ever
i hate falty connections grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!
i pooted      well fuck you!!!
grr class starts in ten minutes
<propmale> now has internet at his house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
home work is now done and now im bored
"you never know what you have until you lose it, and once you lose it, you can never get it back   sad "
i hate college algebra  i wish i had thacker 
"is it possible im over reacting  no it cant be, shes worth it "
the only reason i post statuses on facebook is to convince myself that people care about me 
wishes that the class of 2010 was still together
"things that i wish i could say to others \1  why wont you treat me like the adult i am?\2  am i really your friend or just an annoyance you fell you have to deal with?\3  why do you lead me on?\4  why did you leave us?"
wishes he could take back the things he did in the past
"you know how when you eat hot wings and the sause splashes on the rim of your mouth, it kinda burns a little      my mouth is on fire!!!!!!!"
"home work is so tedious, but <propfemale> with friends makes it funner   smile "
"home work is so tedious, but hanging with friends makes it funner   smile "
wondering when it will all come together
you invite your friends over to help keep your mind off things     well thats kinda hard when they fall asleep on you!!!
i get it  you only talk to me if there is no one else to talk to 
feels like a dumb @$$! he forgot to finish his algebra homework on time and got a 5% on it 
theatre test today  wish me luck 
to do homework or not to do homework that is the question
just met the most alsome people at wku!!! thanks for an alsome time guys and i cant wait till i actually enroll down there!!!
wants to throw a big ass party  have all his friends come  drink and smoke his woes away and start a new the next morning
another night alone  i can't help but think that i deserve this 
wishes she would talk to him
"keeps pressing home like a dumb ass, thinking something different is going to happen "
feeling nostalgic 
sitting in english           damn im bored
listening to: swing life away - rise against
the power of christ compels you      to death!!!
cant wait for tomorrow!
sitting in the green room at wku 
do you ever wish we could go back to a time when things were simpler?
"\hey axe murderer make me a bacon pizza\"""""
"was pissed this morning, but after being forced to smile while working drive-through, i feel better  its weird how things work that way "
dad is in the hospital for blood clots in his lungs       
lets be serious for a minute  you aren't my friend anymore are you?
"i think i just got high by playing schism-tool on guitar hero, while i was half asleep "
ha i don't have to take the test again because i got a hundred on it the first 
"dad is back home for now, im glad to have him back  he might have to go back to the hospital again "
should i get my hair cut?
got the best hug in the world today!!!
chilling at <propfirst>'s house 
yeah   so   it's pretty much all over for me now           
"ok i want everyone to be as brutal as possible  please tell me my flaws, things you don’t like about me, or ways i have changed for the worse "
"\did you just pull bacon out of your bra?\"" \""yep\"""""
the number one kick ass zombie killer!!!
so i wrecked my car today 
why does dad get to drive the rental car?
well my car is now officially totaled   sad  r i p  <propmale> i knew thy well 
so bored  wish someone would talk to me 
number one hug giver!!!
<propfirst> pilgrim vs the world         epic!!!!!!!!!!!
"\did your web-cam come with a bulit-in laptop? sweet so did mine\"""""
"so i just bought a surroundsound system for my xbox, but now it's no longer in hd   sad "
30 out of 50 mcnuggets is good right?
"i thought i was late for school today, so i was doing 85 on the bg and got pulled over  turns out classes were cancled  what a bitch lol!"
taking pics of our blocking for acting class  smile 
fucking stupid ass xbox live service!!!!!!!!!!
who all uses twitter?
finaly off work!
"\please enter your password\"" \""i have a password\""?"""
