1730c78113ced98d8091e59e0527183a
"school's out for the summer and i got my report card a couple weeks ago; i scanned it over and started jumping up and down screaming  i got an a+ on my algebra ii exam and a b for the semester grade  other than that, nothing below a c "
i'm going to bed now  i'm extremely tired; it's almost 2 surprise 0 a m  anyway 
"misses <propmale> already  it's only been 2 days since i saw him, and he's changed quite a bit, but i can't help it  he's been one of my best friends for like 5 years now "
my laptop has issues; a lot of the same issues my desktop had 
"got my phone back, but nobody showd up to my party!!"
i'm hungry  see ya! i'm goin to old country buffet for supper with my mom 
"i sorta understand why i was so drawn to <propmale> now; i only went up and talked to him the second or third night of camp because i thought he's kinda cute---short, but still pretty cute---and he plays piano and guitar "
i found him here on facebook! yay!
"i found an old friend, <propfemale> thompson, i'm so excited!!"
"gotta go, now  be back later, after the concert in gobles park "
"<propmale>, you can't avoid me forever! you have to talk to me sometime!"
"i'm in desperate need of some help here  anybody who wants to know, go onto myspace and look under my username there: <propfemale> "
"i'm in desperate need of some kind of help here  <propfemale>, that's a hint for you, and anybody else who wants to know, go to myspace and check it out under the username luna      why, oh why am i so easy to read??"
"two things: 1: i can't stop thinking about <propmale>  <propfemale>, and anybody else who wants to know, look on myspace under the username <propfemale>  that's not the problem  2: i can't stop thinking about the fact that my house burned down the day before mothers' day las"
i'm not so sure i'm ready to talk to him yet 
"gone for a bike ride, be back in about half an hour or so "
"something went wrong: my front tire hit loose gravel, and i fell, dumping the bike and getting several really bad scrapes "
"i'm ok; i'm all bandaged up now  the smaller, more shallow scrapes still hurt like crazy if cold air hits my leg, though "
"i'm ok now; i'm all bandaged up  the smaller, more shallow scrapes hurt like crazy when cold air from the outside hits my leg, though "
"gong for a bike ride, be back later "
"got several bags full of clothes, but could only bring 2 home; have to go back for the other 3 "
"crap, i forgot to go back for the other 3 bags full of clothes!!"
"dude, i totally forgot, i already had <propfemale> r as a friend on here! *slaps self in the head*"
"noooooo, noooooo, nooooooooo!!! nooo, nooo, nooo, nooo, nooo, nooooooo!!!!!!! econ is fifth hr, but instead of second semester, it's first semester!!!! nooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!"
"i'm happy now, <propmale> might have to go to public school this year instead of mva  good,if he goes to public school, he'll have to do another year, just like me!!"
"i'm happy now, <propmale> might  have to go to a public school this year, instead of mva  good, he'll have to do another year of high school, just like me, and we'll be in the same grade and hopefully, he can come to my open house!"
"i would love to be a kid again, not that i miss being so naive, but i miss the days when falling in love was just in <propfemale> tales!"
why do i always get stuck with the crappy plastic potholders??
had to reschedule her date and doesn't want to have to reschedule it again just bcuz her dad's gf can't get the night off tomorrow night 
i like mrs rumery today    she switched my 4th and 6th hr classes!!
is doing her homework    
me  bed  now   goodnight!
"is going to bed now       dreading tomorrow, but needs sleep  "
"went to bed      dreading tomorrow, but needs sleep  "
there is a 5th vampire academy book coming out after all! sweet!! now i can find out if <propfemale> actually kills dimitri or if she is able to restore his soul!!
"i hope <propfirst>'s happy, he scared the hell out me friday morning!"
"should just go right up to <propfirst> and slap him for scaring the hell out of me friday morning, but he's my best friend, and i'm not that kind of girl "
"saw <propfirst>'s temper for the first time friday morning, which scared the hell out of her, but happy to know he's over it     laugh "
"\   i'll never catch all the memories i'm chasing  i'll never be ready to let go    \"""""
"is excited, her first package came early  two more days to wait for the second package!"
"pastor ferraz's fb account was hacked  if you're a friend of his on here, don't open the link he sends you if you get that message  oh, and repost this to your mutual friends, will ya? he'd appreciate that a lot "
got her first guitar today! now the only problem is getting it tuned to itself or to a piano and i can do that tomorrow! yay!
life's a bitch    
"i can't wait to see <propmale> again  i mean, yeah, i like him a lot, but honestly, those blue eyes of his are hot when his smile reaches them "
can't wait to see <propmale> again       
"is sending out a prayer request: anyone who sees this, if you believe in god, pray for this woman, she needs it  <propfemale> calvert has back problems, seizures, and now heart problems  worst part about it is, she's only in her early 40s "
"got a new black kitten two nights ago!! he's just so <propfemale>, and so adorable! he's also very hyper  his name is demon  that was just decided a little bit ago "
"met up with <propfirst> last night, while trick-or-treating with my friends and had a lot of fun, even though <propfirst> and the girls kept picking on me     "
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior  we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this into your status! laugh "
"as if it's not enough that you broke my heart, now you have to rip it out of my chest, stomp on it and constantly stab it?????"
should get to bed    night!
"wants that caring, mature, compassionate, fun-loving guy she became best friends with back    i want my best friend back!"
"really misses her best friend, and doesn't feel like staying on here all day    bye for now!"
hooray for the school's website!! no school tomorrow!!!
"when you walk away, i count the steps that you take, do you see how much i need you right now?    i've never felt this way before, everything that i do reminds me of you   "
"when you walk away, i count the steps that you take, do you see how much i need you right now?    i miss you    i've never felt this before, everything that i do, reminds me of you   "
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me! if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ, then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world  (on christmas break, home alone, bored out of my skull, help!!! lol)"
"wishes <propmale> would grow up, get over himself, let go of the past, and forgive her what whatever stupid thing he's mad at her for "
"thinks <propfemale> campbell is a little behind the times  she's just now discovering that i'm kind of immature  part of that is thanks to the accident, dumbass  another part of that is how my parents raised me  yet another part of that is the fact that i never wanted to grow up "
"thinks <propfemale> campbell is a little behind the times  she's just now discovering that i'm kind of immature  part of that is thanks to the accident, dumbass  another part of that is how my parents raised me  yet another part of that is the fact that i never wanted to grow up  oh, and <propmale>, if you've really grown up like you think you have, you'd let go of the past "
just took an iq test thing and got a score of 125 
"is very confused    i don't want to call <propfirst> my former best friend, he means the world and more to me!"
loves this new homepage!
hates <propfemale>'s mom   
my butt hurts from sittng down too long      i think i'll turn the tv and computer off now and go lay in bed now 
"time for bed! i can barely stay awake enough to shut my computer off, walk into the bedroom, and crawl into bed   "
"going to a movie w dad at 1 and having a friend come over around 3 smile 0, 4 surprise 0 "
had the weirdest dream last night!
"judge not, lest ye be judged  love your neighbor as yourself "
how does that work?? how can someone be partially bi?????? lol
i miss <propfirst>!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> stood me up yesterday!! how rude of him!!
"school's out!!! when i get my final report card, i'll officially be a senior!!"
i just looked up my grades on infinite campus      i'm an official senior now!!!
"i'm good, i don't have to strangle <propfirst> - yet "
"help me out, will ya? http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 378678?m=406d2e72&bws=s"
"i gotta wait another 6 months for the next book in my series to come out, no fair!!"
my jaw just dropped  i went bug-eyed  i had to cover my mouth in order not to scream at the top of my lungs 
hates a certain person's sister    you know who you are - both of you do 
"1st person to like \this status, i will have you last name for a week  2nd person to like \this status i will be married to you for a week  3rd person to like this\ status you can dare me to do anything you want-within reason  just remember, before any of you like this, i have to let <propfirst> know "
"poke\ me if u ever had a crush on me  like this status if u think im a good \friend  comment on this if we have had good memories together  now, \lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status   "
is eating butterscotch pudding  anybody want some?
"filed for divorce  sherena hates you, <propfirst>; she wanted out, so she jumped-through the window "
can't even play music on my comp anymore    that last virus must've really damaged the motherboard   
thinking about how much i should give <propmale> for his help finding and fixing the problem in my comp    
"finders keepers, losers weepers"
"please pray for <propfirst> <propmale>'s dad, lynden  he let his car insurance e playful ire tuesday and his credit score is in a downward spiral, currently at 425  aside from this, he's having a lot of $$ troubles "
confused as hell     
"how can people be so cruel as to just dump an 8-week-old kitten off by the side of the road to fend for itself??????? i think it was friday, i found a <propfemale> little kitten outside and caught it by the basement window  he's only maybe about 8 weeks old     "
nobody threatens me   
"i don't care who you are to me, don't threaten me; i don't take well to being threatened, by anyone "
"leave a one-word comment that you think best \describes me using the 3rd letter of your first name  but remember, it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post to your wall so i can leave a \word about you!"
"just realized, <propfirst>'s the only guy who's ever stood by me, that i've ever met, and cares about me    "
"just realized a little bit ago, <propfirst>'s the only guy i've ever known-besides mike-who's been willing to stand by me through everything, who cares about me as much as he does "
"why??? why??? why??? why is it that all the cute guys are either real jerks,-jonathan-too far away,-this cute guy i seen on tagged-or-jordan r-family?????"
"~ love is like pi ~ natural, very irrational, and extremely important  ~"
\do you think that sherena <propmale> has ever smoked?                        \,1730c78113ced9 laugh 8091e59e0527183a,"made it through the first day at my new school  didn't like it, but am willing to give it a try "
"made it through the 2nd week of school  still don't like it, but would rather stay where i'm at than go back to gobles, only to have to struggle "
my new phone should be coming in by monday!
i'm getting a new phone on monday!! eeeeepp!!!!!
eeepk!! i finally get to be online on my phone!!
have had my new phone 4 a while now and i love it!!
i'm bored   
have had my new phone 4 a while now and i love it!!
lying in bed watching tv   
"thinks her parents' long-time friend, lynden has finally found the right girl "
i'ma have to get on <propfemale> later about what <propfemale> told me last night   
just wants to strangle nathaniel-quite literally  i don't appreciate being treated like an idiot-especially after all those years of being friends 
"it's sooo weird     i hate it!! i hate not being able to tell both of them anything and everything, because i've always told both of them pretty much everything   "
"i don't want to go over to lynden's house, i wanna c either <propfirst> or <propfemale>, but i just saw <propfirst> tuesday & <propfemale> 2 weeks ago yesterday   "
very tired  heading home in a few   
is getting really sick of this 718 # calling me 
"nothing but drama  i feel sooooo sorry for you, <propfemale>!! i'd like to know how your mother would handle me or my best friend, <propfemale> calling the cops on her "
i'm thinking about strangling <propfirst>    he forgot about me last night!!
lying in bed watching tv   
i'm done  we're through 
i'm hungry 
"he's nothing but a douche-face b*  he was my douche-face b*, but i'm giving him back to the douche-face store  i don't want him anymore  he's causing me nothing but heartache "
"i hate fb mobile  it's so much better on the actual site    on the actual site, u can search 4 friends with no problem, but mobile don't tell where the person's from, so udk if u found ur friend or not "
"can't even get on my own comp bcuz i can't remember the pw, so it locked me out "
locked out of my account on my comp  very pissed 
locked out of my own account on my comp  very pissed 
"he really needs to come to school tomorrow, so i can kick his butt, make 2 demands in 1, make 3 points, and ask him 4 questions "
"i hope you feel better soon, babe   -"
"had my comp reloaded, on spring break, and got a real cute date friday, @ <propfemale> isle in paw paw "
