d895135bbe137545d38d554eb53abd9e
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes
at all-star    mnf
"mellowin' out, watchin entourage and goin to bed "
little sis is home    sweet 
"first of all   go green! secondly, who wants to see a movie later?"
nice win green and white  9-0 big ten
econ n acct tests <propmale>   a beer or two might get drunk-post tests 
msu v purdue    ill be there   go green!
snowin' like a mutha out   jammin to some tunes n gettin stuff 'round the house done 
cmu this wknd   come out n play everyone 
almost game time   eating dinner then hopefully enjoying a sparty win over the aggies   could be our year   
my spartys pulled it off   f-you northern iowa and farukmenush
"gym then class later, then hmwk   hooahh go green"
first day back at work   it felt great   maxin out the rest of the night 
who wants to go to vegas?  i think i may have an extra plane ticket 
everyone douted but my oys did it !!!  go green   i  love it 
back to back final fours   back to back finals?!?  here we come indy 
i am sitting in acct class and it sucks   atleast i brought the computer today so i can screw around while i learn about bonds and stocks  have a great day everyone 
my boys are greeaat like frosted flakes-msu basketball
boomshockalacka   gonna be a great day!
everyone going tocole's house remember to wear white   whiteout party <propmale> for msu game 
go green
worst weekend ever   life is hard 
"woke up extra early, and class is cancelled  oh well i guess "
applied to graduate   one more semester 
i swear to god i can't stand acct 
uofm spring football game this sat   admission is free  anyone wanna go?  april 24 msu spring game  def goin to that one 
tax day   let's hope this year's money does not get wasted on big government  though i have little faith 
"working, right now, red wings game later"
happy holidays everyone 
msu football spring game sat  anyone wanna go?
"sitting at work   bored   doing hmwk   hoping these f*cks get done golfing soon so i can go home   but the old ladies tipped good, so i got that goin for me  haha"
"not racist, not violent, just no longer silent"
let's go wings
anyone wanna go to the mall on this crappy day?
let's do it again wings 
nhl 10 at douces
goin to douces hockey game 
just saw a squirrel and a blackbird fighting     pretty funny 
casino sat   anyone wanna go?
beat cod mw2 last night 
nice weather but sweaty sleeps 
"vegas fri,  couldn't come at a better time "
just over 24 hours and ill be drinkin strawberry margaritas in 100 deg  weather poolside
on the way to the hotel   84deg and its not even 9 yet 
<propmale> will be married in less than half hour 
soon i will be homeward bound
i can't believe izzo might be going  a sad day to be a spartan 
he's staying    no matter how the rest of my day went    he is staying  go green
goin on the boat <propmale>  it will be fun 
"feel like shit-got class in morning, then boat all day, then <propmale>'s electrical playoff game"
"feel like shit-got class in morning, then boat all day, then <propmale>'s electrical playoff game-so its bed time"
loooooong weekend just ended   hopefully for awhile 
"gotta get thru, everything will be ok   i hope "
hopes everyone has great weekend  almost august 
i'm so bored  who wants to come chill?
u think if i paint my car camouflage i won't get pulled over?
36 holes of golf today   yeehaw
"even though it will be tough, i think i'll relax until school starts   w  everything "
kind of gettin tired of the house   but work is keeping me busy   school can't come soon enough  have an awesome week everybody
"me: is he drunk or something?\guy: i think hes just happy, man \\haha douce is always drunk on life "
"\its the one that says bad mother f*çker \"""""
"best quote ive heard this week: \it doesn't stink but i put out a lot \"" haha"""
annnd boom goes the dynamite 
"hittin golf balls $7, buying new clothes $400, spending time w my dad priceless"
"important morning, then watchin the bean sprout all day "
today is a good day
best birthday present ever! freedom
"seriously, who wants to give me a hair cut?"
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone  your the best 
went into verizon for second consecutive day to try n fix my blackberry   left w a droid   pretty happy so far
draft day awaits   t minus 14 5 hours
last week before school starts and summer is over  is it bad that i am ready?
boat anyone?
tomorrow is the first day for msu football to starts its dominance this season   i am stoooked   go green!
"bed, then up early for a meeting then relaxin til kickoff, then work-boo "
game day   enough said
"bed,meeting, church, groceries, work   next week ill be watching nfl baby!"
first day of class <propmale> 
day one in the books   
called off of work today  studying and running then tattoo shop  smile 
"i have to admit, denard does look good  however he's hurt again  he wont last all year in the big ten  also, msu looked great today  go green!"
all smiles
it's not a mustache    it's a time machine 
msu v notre dame sat at 7  watchin it at my house whoever wants to rock out 
government will always do the right thing     but first it must exhaust all other possibilities  churchill
cartoons w <propfemale> and im hangin w babe later  great day
2 hours til gaaaaame baby!!  go green 
"lifestyle changes are difficult, exhausting, and slow  but i wouldn't have it any other way "
<propfirst> white scores his first nfl td  nice work boss 
huge game in two days   let's see some msu support 
everyday im hustlin'  hustle real hard
go green! make or break game boys 
"my boys did it, and we looked gooooood too  im also happy uofm could squeak past lowly indiana so that were both undefeafeted going into next week  its gonna be fun giving michigan its first loss "
big day <propmale>  i hope everything goes as planned 
time to move on and move up  thank god for my luck 
how many batteries does it take to beat michigan in football?  1-aa
t-minus 5 and a half hours til game time  i don't think i have to describe the importance of today  go green 
let the game begin   
"school, hmwk, meeting, school, workout, school, then friday"
i started high with two os like ohio 
7-0  first time since 1966  nice work boys 
need 3 golfers <propmale>  playin preserve at 2 o'clock  25 bones for 18  lemme know asap
"northwestern, then possible <propfemale> bowl decider "
first day at resource genesee    
shittiest day i've had in awhile 
"go right through for msu, watch the points keep growing    "
tryin to get a football game together sunday  lemme know who wants to play 
just bombed my calc test  the wheels r falling off  
"first of all   go green  second of all, everybody better vote tuesday "
spartans! what is your profession?
game time  go green
anyone wanna play football today?
everybody must vote tommorrow  do it!
let's go snyder and kupiec  let's make it a good day 
"its 12 smile 6am, im on question 3 on my calculus quiz and i've been at it for an hour  yeehaw!"
"she moves her body like a cyclone, and she makes me wanna do it all night long "
"im in love w a stripper, she poppin she rollin, she rollin  she climbin that pole n"
<propfirst> vick is silly good
second game of the year for my spartans  our new seats r solid too  go green
go green!
the guts of a cat burglar
im bored    waiting for sunday night football to start  go vick 
mmmmm italia gardens and now msu basketball 
f-in spartans  f-in <propmale>  how can u be pre-big ten player of the year and not wanna take the last shot to tie the game?
my moms making me go w her shopping to <propfemale> her bags and tackle fellow bargain shoppers <propmale>  at 4am   she owes me big time 
"go green     and blue, today "
def  gained about 5 pounds over this holiday 
who wants to do something tonight?
my mom drank her first red bull w me then we went shopping    maybe her last one haha
"so bored, i may go to bed   or atleast watch the tube while i attempt to slumber "
are you allergic to cotton?     cause that's what my sheets r made of 
just caught my aunt listening to bone thugs n harmony-crossroads 
money talks-- we say hello 
"never get caught baby, im mash potatoes smooth"
"study like crazy tonight and <propmale> for my tests, then finals next week   i think i need a study <propmale>     "
lets go spartans  we need this win
can't sleep for the second night in a row  any suggestions?
think i wanna do something tonight
"at the movies w my dad, i think im the youngest prson here by 20 years  is it senior day or something?"
what is everybody's take on the fed reacting to bubbles in the market?
couple of papers to turn in and then some studying   almost done maaane
"spanish final, then dos mas el lunes"
stuck in hallmark w my grandma   i didn't realize how in-demand all this crap was 
officially in the super bowl game  go pirates 
<propmale> ferguson is a funny man
pond hockey   
i think my life is adventureland 
who wants to spend money at the mall w me?
what a melancholy day
michigan state basketball <propmale> and football sat  go green
life is too short to sweat the small stuff
excellent second half boys   that's the spartans i've been lookin for 
the fighter=great movie
i think i have the cutest niece there ever was 
great game spartans    wow 
"just cleaned house   so if u get this message, you made the cut "
hopes everyone is having a great day so far 
"anyone need want to go to staples, officemax, etc  and borders, barnes n <propmale>?"
"seriously, casino??? mlk day equals no school <propmale> "
f*ck facebook   in the face 
does anyone wanna do something tonight?
i hate being sick
one hour til state of the state    are you watching?
i've been dreamin about golf for the last two days     can't wait for warmer months
feels like doing something mellow tonight
red bull pond hockey tournament <propmale>  at t-bonez   be there or be square
im hungry
pawn stars is distracting me from homework
"what the french, toast?!"
   and it begins   on my way to tackle this storm  see you in 30 hours
sleep
lunch anyone?
pandora is truly the whip
actually got a nice little saturday planned    bed bath and beyond if there's time 
gangsters and strippers
please pray for <propfirst> o 
"don't sweat the small stuff, love everyone, love life  life is too short "
not that it will help   but go green!
im so hungry i might eat
bingo! we have a winner
basketball at umflint rec center at 3 o'clock 
no school <propmale>  uofmflint students
who wants to sled <propmale> on our snow day?
"i be on it all night, man, i be on it all day  straight up pimp if u want me u can find me in da   ahhhh (im on it)"
let me know if you wanna play basketball wed  night at the umflint rec  center
"liftin and chillin, sb has begun"
msu v purdue <propmale>   its gonna be a whiteout  could be a huge win for us  go green!
anyone wanna hoop it up today?
go green 
"i know its spring break, but who wants to hit the rec center this week for bball and lifting?"
workin out at home never is quite the same    
"first skate, in the books"
im bored   
can't wait for summer and the boat plus golf
"my parents have some furniture they're giving away if aanyones interested  couch, coffee table, etc "
day one   
im in need of some inspiration to study for my test <propmale> 
