b84b1b32486a5c39ffe034dc8b506a80
wish i could be en mi iglesia spending the new year  i miss ya'll  happy new years everybody!!  smile 
seven times u fall nd seven times i'll raise u up * proverbs 24:16 *
i seen him holding me nd i nver wnted him 2 let go
"my pledge is to never ever be ashamed of jesus  i will not be afraid, i will not be ashamed, this is my life "
"the more i get closer to god, the more the devil tries to knock me down, but he will not win this time    i will be victorious"
don't give up because your reward will come         2 chronicles 15:7
god hears even the smallest voice
"there's no time to waste blowing off ur commitment to the lord  ask yourself, \do i want to be doing [this activity] when jesus comes back?\"" if not change ur course"""
i can do all things through christ who strengthens me              *philippians 4:13*
"chances are, you won't get everything you want in life  but you can count on god to provide everything you need "
"god will make a way, when there seems to be no way "
the worst thing about being lied to is knowing u weren't worth the truth
porque a mi
"happy moments, praise god   difficult moments, seek god   quiet moments, worship god   painful moments, trust god      every moment, thank god"
"where there is no wood, the fire goes out"
let your hope make u glad  be patient in time of trouble and never stop praying                 *romans 12:12*
"there is someone who fully knows whats in our hearts  nd knowing, he never laughs mockingly nd fades away  he never shrugs nd walks away  instead he understands completely nd stays near  who indeed knows? our god alone knows  he sympathizes with our weaknesses nd forgives our transgressions  to him there are no secret struggles or silent cries  he hears  he sees  he stays near"
people need loving the most when they deserve it the least
boys are so stupid! thank you god for showing me that my will isn't always yours
<propfemale> yesterday  live today  dream tomorrow
do u got any grapes?? waddle waddle   [insider]
colonial vs university  who will win the boot?? da da da
i could use a good laugh right about now  
"have faith in god! if you have faith in god and don't doubt, you can tell this mountain to get up and jump into the sea, and it will  everything you ask for in prayer will be yours, if only you have faith * <propfirst> 11:23-24 *"
thanks 2 everybody who wished me a happy birthday  i loves ya mucho  laugh 
"si estas triste, preocupado, molesto, sin <propfemale> sonrie hay alguien que te ama   jesus!!"
i am sure that what we are suffering now cannot compare with the <propfemale> that will be shown to us    *romans 8:18*
"life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about dancing in the rain"
lookin for love in all the wrong places    smh
i miss my familia  wish i could be home right now spending it with ya'll  happy thanxgiving anyways 
"skewl tomorrow \ """
"ugh i just wnna be able to sleep for one night without wakin up throughout   i hate being sick \["""
at my breaking point    
always searching and searching for something that i just can't find    
sometimes people put up walls   not to keep others out   but to see who cares enough to break them down
darn you fb games  ! *shakin my fist in the air*
don't give up on me   i promise i'm worth it
"creator only you take brokenness \and create it into beauty once again"
eeeeeeppp! im so excited  laugh 
goodbye atlanta  hello new jersey  smile 
i am traumatized for life  annoyed 
we fall down like dominos  
grrr  i never win  everything i do seems to be wrong   sad 
out nd about in nyc  <propfemale> christmas suckas  playful 
yay! its snowing!!  laugh 
lmao watchin my sister shovel snow  its hilarious
after 2 hours waiting  i finally get to skate on a real pond haha  mucho fun  smile 
i remember now why i left
just came from the waterpark had so much fun  smile 
 love 
a few more hours til i'm home sweet home  smile 
"her feelings she hides, her dreams she can't find\she's losing her mind, she's fallen behind\and she can't find her place, she's losing her faith\she's fallen from grace, she's all over the place, yeah"
nooooo  my haiiiirrr!! rain rain go the freak away   sad 
wow piles of homework and havent started on <propfemale>  annoyed 
my first time gettin lop  wtf seriously this chiz is stupid > annoyed 
ugh!
my tummy is happy  smile 
no skewl for me muahahaha  laugh 
our greatest <propfemale> is not in never failing but in rising up everytime we fail  -<propmale> <propmale>
gotta massive headache agh  annoyed 
i want some taco <propfemale>!!!  joyful 
yay steelers!!
 love 
my life is funny  the things that happen to me lmfao!
just got my piercing today!  laugh 
my teacher's so stupid! ugh!!!
church was good different but good   smile 
today was a good day  hope tomorrow's just as awesome   smile 
"golfing, go karts, nd lobster  i'd say it was a good frkn day   laugh "
fun day at the beach  had an amazing time!  laugh 
ugh! i can't wait to get out of this stupid house! > sad 
you still speak about day old hate though your whole world has gone up into flames   love it ! lol
"long trip ahead of me, can't sleep, nobody to talk to  boooo  annoyed "
almost home two more hours to go!!  laugh 
just finished pt  my insides are burning  i'm so out of shape   annoyed  smh
*sigh* no more phone   sad 
my dad officially wins the award for the biggest douche in the world!!  crying (
"i wonder   if i took a bite out of a rainbow, would it taste like skittles  joyful "
i'm so confused  annoyed    
sooo i got a puppy  lets see what my dad has 2 say about it   crossing my fingers 
