cce663f1644ca81acafefad77ea235bb
"had a pretty productive day, even if one of my <propmale> kids got kicked out of her placement "
"spent 3 1 2 hours in line at a book signing in ga   boy, my feet hurt!"
had the visitation from hell this afternoon   some people just shouldn't have kids 
getting strange phone calls from client's mother that she is going to have me investigated and followed   4 yesterday & 1 today
"very happy b c i just got a new job   the pay isn't great, but it's work and they have a lot of mandatory overtime right now "
"when patients are scheduled for a ct, they ought to be warned what a nausiating e playful erience it can be "
i am officially done with christmas shopping!!!  now to get it all wrapped     
good news! my supervisor at work gave me the paperwork to switch from a temp contact employee to a full-time itron employee   it will me a raise in pay and benefits    smile 
if i never have to listen to another coon huntin' story i think i'll die a happy woman!!!
can anyone please e playful lain to me why men want to turn everything into a competition???
the hot water heater is out   again   looks like i'm going to have to replace the damn thing 
thanks for the birthday wishes   i don't feel like cooking tonight so <propfirst> & i are going out 
tonight's lesson at work is attention to detail   always check to make sure the what you are packing is actually the same thing listed on the carton label   also make sure you place the boxes on the pallet correctly   i got to repack the same pallet twice 
"i really hate algebra   i got off working after a shift of listening to the guys \ we have to set a new production record\"" and had to help <propfirst> with his homework that neither my brother or his wife could figure out   why do we make kids take this?  when was the last time anyone actually needed to factor a trinomial in real life?"""
does anyone know what's going on w  fb?  i keep having to re-do my bookmarks 
feeling very poor - took the car in to get the air conditioner fixed - will cost $1750    sad 
i continue to be amazed by the level of pettiness displayed by some of my coworkers     
i am so proud of <propfirst>   his mech  arts class had a robot wars competition and <propfirst>'s robot won 
finally gave up on having long hair and got it cut off - again 
"another <propfemale> wtf were you thinking moment:  last night i agreed to make <propmale> & cheese for 60 for a farewell luncheon   i've never cooked anything for that many people   i hope this works   and to add to the mess, i figured while i'm in the kitchen, i'll just go ahead and clean out the fridge freezer   scary!!!"
why does dealing with family have to be so difficult?
can't sleep   this sucks 
"4 hours sleep   5 hours round trip for a 3 minute appt  to be told that i'm being discharged from the endocrinology clinic   i guess i should be happy for the news that the diabetes is well controlled, but damn, 10 shift at work starts in just over an hour   this stinks   i'm tired "
so tired   another early morning trip to columbia   work will be fun   tgif!!!
"hint hint:  if your smock is longer than your shorts, you are not dressed appropriately for work!"
"tried to take <propfirst> to the movies - but the projector was broken, so they canceled   oh well "
i am now officially certified to drive a forklift   how scary is that?!
"ok fb family - this is a question for those of you who have worked with me (granted, that's most of you):  am i mean and unapproachable?"
what a night!  i got the forklift stuck trying to load a pallet on the truck   then later i tipped over a stack of empty pallets trying to get them off the trailer   thank goodness i don't have to work tomorrow!
"if i have to pull up my big girl panties and deal with it one more time, the elastic is gonna break and i really will have to show my ass!"
<propfirst> got his braces put on yesterday   he is so unhappy   poor baby 
so frustrated   got two messages on my phone from the va hospital while at work today   1   from out-pt surgery - report to 2w nlt 0630 on friday   2   from the surgeon - we can't do 1 of the procedures on friday   need to speak with you about postponing the surgery 
time to venture out of the house   need to get <propfirst>'s glasses repaired - they feel off the table & got stepped on 
i bid on a new job at work that will be a promotion and put me back on first shift   everyone wish me luck 
"gotta go to work   overtime is nice, but i'm tired!"
can't sleep   this sucks soooo bad 
"i've been going to the va clinic in <propmale> for almost 3 -1 2 yrs   i find out today that i'm actually entitled to travel pay   it's only $15 per trip, but given the number of times i've been seen, that adds up in a hurry   why don't they tell you these things?"
work kicked my butt tonight   so tired 
4 hours sleep tues night   none last night   won't be able to take a nap before work today   someone just shoot me 
