c27c9db2e7efff4056d7ea46503492b2
"ugghhh too much internet, is that possible?"
"a chicken and an egg are lying in bed  the chicken is smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face and the egg is frowning and looking put out  the egg mutters to no one in particular, \i guess we answered that question \"""""
oh i love finding new artists who are this awsome!  laugh 
"this is weird, i woke up after only a few hours of sleep and i'm 100% awake  maybe it was the thunder "
will someone e playful lain to me why my body chose to wake up at quarter to six?
it's never too early for christmas music : )
"watching horror movies with a headache was a bad idea, everytime i scream it gets worse  sad "
"if she'd been dumber, she'd have been happier "
"if god did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him "
i think every sucessful person was just dreaming at some point  nothing will happen unless you believe in you possibilities 
"the facebook tricks: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!!!"
wants to go to the beach and wants coconut water 
is going to the beach!
(304): what part of covering your puke with shaving cream seemed like a good idea?
"i  am not signed into aim or msn and i keep hearing the sound of someone signing onto your <propmale> list  how concerned should i be? you know the sound, like the door opening or shutting  annoyed      does that mean i have a virus or something?"
"the only thing i want to do is eat, eat, eat  it's a good thing my pocket has a bottom even if my stomach doesnt "
beach again?
is everyone officially home for the week?
sometimes there really is nothing better than a good movie  recommend a movie you think i'd like!
"oh i'm ruined! the emperor's new school is available for me to watch by season, online, on netflix  laugh "
use common sense and don't question your instincts    don't be like me
should i e playful ect the mall to be playing christmas and holiday songs yet?
is convinced life wouldn't be quite the same without seinfeld    or maybe just a good laugh
"nyc is awsome during the holidays, it's litterally christmas lights, decorations and displays on every street corner  holiday sales in all the stores and everywere has the warm smell of roasted nuts from the street vendors "
making playlists should be recommended by professionals
"why is it that law & order can never play just 1 or 2 episodes? everytime i sit down to watch this show, i'm still sitting here hours later     this is why i don't watch tv"
misses her friends!!! it's sad that everyone's so far away!!!!
"dispite my better judgement, i'm going to watch a move    then go to sleep "
"i just ordered pizza online, it's times like this i love <propfemale>!    but am mildly disturbed by our culture"
"fml, why am i awake!"
"    deaf, dumb, church and blind"
on my way to <propfemale>'s!
i love ny!!!
"my book list is growing beyond my ability to fathom how to get through them all  it's scary, i think i need a plan or something to control time  (book donations are welcomed!)"
first day back at school
my love for seinfeld will never stop growing  smile 
once again fb changes the layout wtf
"\it's like freaking narnia outside\"""""
this is sooo sad  crying  rip <propfirst> mcqueen
<propmale> curry does a fabulous drag!
"i hopefully will never have to pull an all nighter again, i'm not used to this anymore will do my best to not let it happen again  *groans*"
> sad 
sweet! class registration went very well  smile 
there's a rooster crowing somewhere in the vicinity of my house  surprise 
music = love
is coming to e-town today!!!
"i have this feeling that i'll be having pop-quizes in all my classes today, i don't like it"
i need shock therapy to stop puasing movies when they get embarassing
everything in life should be covered in chocolate  playful 
"i'm annoyed that i didn't do this a week ago, i'm annoyed that my nap lasted two hours longer than planned, i'm annoyed that instead of waking up and doing my work i read a book and watched law & order, i'm pissed that the sun lied to me and it was already night eventhough it was still bright out and i'm even more annoyed with myself that i really really don't feel like doing this paper"
stupid allergies    stupid beef ramen > frowny 
and he came so highly recommended   
it took me all of 20 minutes to figure out that my alarm was actually an alarm  i kept scrolling through my contacts and menu trying to reprogram my phone so the noise would stop and i couldn't understand why snooze was an option    fml
"i've always thought that i would love to live by the sea  to travel the world alone and live more simply  i have no idea what's happened to that dream because there's nothing left here to stop me    it's just a thought, only a thought"
i  love  food porn  playful 
is coming to e-town tomorrow!!!!!
i dread being tagged in anything from last night  surprise 
every sunday should be spent as such
the damn birds won't stop chirping outside my window > sad 
"you don't have to burn books to destroy a culture  just get people to stop reading them  \-mahatma gandhi"
why do i feel so sick? i don't have time to be sick until next week > sad 
"finally done with school, feels so good to get some sleep! sorry if i've been 'out of touch' with anyone because i was so busy"
"thank you so much for all the birthday wishes! \ love  love  love "
i would like to become a functioning and productive member of society again
perhaps i never came with any perception of a short skirt? this seems to be a reoccurring theme in my life 
"can't sleep, anyone up?"
how awful it is to dream  sad 
something needs to change
my entire vocabulary has been reduced to 'lol' fml
amazing weekend with <propfemale> sinclair! love love love the city at christmas  love 
"one week to go, crunch time "
one final down two more to go
so much for a nap    10hrs later
 sad 
i messed up  annoyed 
who's up?
