216decb22d5c0596d48ca67f812484d4
 smile  uh-mazing 
"hit herself on the side of the head with the car door, and now has a weirdly shaped lump coming  awesome    [[ but still     smile  uh-mazing  ]]"
i'm sorry to anyone who just got a million notifications from my profile  i was attacked  haha   [  smile  ]
home!  laugh  scamper missed me  a lot     two more days!
home!  laugh  scamper missed me  a lot  i always knew he loved me   laugh      two more days!
just had a very   very awkward situation happen  lol     miss him  d:
that's     really really gay  like seriously  lol 
"just was an idiot and put a comment as her status so      eh    can't wait for fair, sorc, and kearney   laugh "
needs to do something new with her hair   in a very bad way  o o
evacuate the dance floor! [new phone still  yays!]
is a failure at typing in a status  o o
thought that his surprise visit was definitely the best part of my week   smile   even though it kind of freaked me out 
"is really tired, and sick of chocolate  ;; but can't wait for my vacation   smile  can't wait to see him during it "
vaaaaccccaaaatttttiiiiiiooooonnnnn! looooogggggaaaaannnnn!!
is insanely happy 
possibly had the best vacation of her life so far   smile 
    is so ready for sunday   annoyed 
is on a mission 
is working on the last step of her mission   smile 
thinks calling directory is much easier than the internet  o o
just reserved her new puppy!  laugh 
just reserved her new puppy!  laugh  (pics on my profile )
has the -biggest- headache   ever 
  falling 
"realizes that she actually, literally, does not know one thing for the physics test tomorrow "
is bored out of my mind  i actually want to go to school tomorrow  o o
"tried to go to school   but failed within the first two minutes      and now, her tv is broken   sad "
is putting shadow down tomorrow or thursday   sad 
is not putting down her dog anymore  o o
is going to see the real general <propfirst> tomorrow!!  laugh 
is incredibly happy and excited   smile 
's new puppy just pooped on the carpet   sad   laugh 
it's going to be a good night 
's headache makes her want to die 
"is making her website template  fun, fun "
"can't wait till break, and being able to see him again "
can't wait til tomorrow!
just wants to go to sleep 
is excited about winning districts  congrats to the actors and the cuts they made right before the performance   smile 
: wants my voice back 
likes the fact that griphyn is using my foot as a pillow 
"had a good one year anniversary with <propfirst>, even though nothing went as planned "
should be going to sleep for tomorrow    i'm failing 
"\   and what if it takes your breath  and you can hardly breathe? and what if it makes the last sound be the very best sound?\"""""
's stomach hurts  hope it works   annoyed 
    physics is eating my soul 
    successful   laugh   <propfemale> christmas 
"\you are the [one] song left in my symphony \"""""
is looking for a new school car   that actually won't get stuck in small puddles of snow 
is soooo freakin' excited for this night!
inception makes me feel like an idiot   no matter how many times i watch it 
black  (; hahaa 
is so amazingly happy! starting fressshh this year!  smile 
hates <propmale>  more than anything in the world   smile 
just woke up an hour ago  it was probably one of the best decisions     e v e r 
is pretty exciteddd   smile 
i karate chopped a gangster in a hole because i'm sexy and i do what i want   smile 
"\monster   how should i feel?\"""""
there's a ruh-coon in that pickup!! raccoon?   how do you spell it? r-a-q-u-o   o-n!
"\that boy is a monster!!\""  smile """
  is having one of those days  ):
   is hoping that ignoring physics will make it go away   smile 
"   please, stop snowing  ;o"
is working towards a new record for failures  it's definitely going well 
"next four weekends: district wrestling   state wrestling   amazing concert   birthday! one regular weekend, then prom!!  smile "
   ohh happy freaking valen[failure]tines day 
stuh-atteee!  smile 
would of course get sick two days before    but still excited   smile  concert timeee 
"\oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive \"""""
   keeps telling myself not to watch a scary movie alone    but    we all know i will  (;  (still sad about not being able to go! ): )
    is pretty freaking excited for the birthday!   and a lot of other things too!!  smile 
has yet to understand why she makes her own life miserable on nights like these 
got her bose moved to where she can use it again! i forgot how freaking amazing it is   smile  [excited for this week!]
is so god-awful tired  hello history test failure 
's phone is freaking out    so i'm not ignoring you if you have tried talking to me  going to try to get it fixed tonight   be excited!  smile 
   prom = an excuse to dress up like a <propfemale> and feel gorgeous = ?
do you wanna get supersonic?  smile 
has done absolutely nothing of importance today    and is loving it!!
    tomorrow isn't looking as promising as before    ):  strep throat is a fail 
"had an awesome time at that prom, is feeling seriously in shape, and isn't even that tired!  win   smile "
   oh oreos    why do you always have to be in my house tempting me into obesity?
    pants off dance off 
"\it seems everything she knows is five minutes 'till closing \"""""
  spanish is ruining my life 
is on her way to <propmale> 
is going to the movies again   going to be a good day   smile 
is chillin with the coolest guy on the face of the earth (and no thats not u <propmale> <propmale> )
"\but if i built you a city would you let me?\""  smile """
is chillin with the coolest guy on the face of the earth (and no thats not u <propmale> <propmale> )        happy now? lol
"dear laptop, \i know you'll miss me, but it'll be okay  i promise  it's not you    it's me  in three months, we'll get to be together again  please enjoy this last night with me, and don't cry when i leave   love \\love, your best owner (ever)"
had a really good night to start off the summer   smile 
"\everyone's a letdown it just depends on how far down they can go \"""""
is going to denver  again   sad 
\forgive me if my eyes should fall and\,216decb22d5c0596d48ca67f812484d4,people suck 
feels like crap 
got back from <propmale>  no more virus!   smile 
wants to go somewhere 
"\i'm just here to remind you not to forget to remember me \""  smile """
"here's the truth about the truth: it hurts, so we lie "
"\i've got real big plans and such bad thoughts \"""""
's car is now broken  awesome  ):
movies and shopping in north platte today    and hopefully an epic night 
feels kind of like an old lady  yep 
north platte again today   still feeling a little grandmaish 
isn't okay 
   tubin 
good night     hey!!
"\this is the waiting time and nothing feels quite right   yet  i won't say anything for fear of making a regret \"""""
life  starts  now 
gets to chill with treybuddy tonight!  smile 
tanning   love  summer  smile 
self improvement = success 
"\we're all apart of the same sick little games and i need to get away \"""""
don't eat two day old ramen noodles that have sat out the whole time    just sayin 
senior pics coming up sometime soon    some of you know what that means    105 
can't even begin to describe the mood i'm in 
very out of it 
"liquid eyeliner, lash curlers, and hair dye   love  it's going to be a good night "
excited for another great night!  smile 
riverrrr!  smile 
way excited for this weekend   smile 
"\   and then i crashed into you like a runaway train \"""""
i'm so glad peeling legs are attractive   otherwise mine might be considered really ugly right now 
   so i guess i had a little collection of other people's stuff in my car and my shop    e playful ect your things to start randomly showing up again   smile 
"\i gave you the megaphone and you curled into the fetal position  you fail \"""""
doesn't like this whole not being in the same town as you all the time thing 
loves seeing the race cars drive around    love  sorc   smile 
i can't find my dog and there's a spider in my bed 
is going to be serving brownies and ice cream in my prom dress    that should be interesting 
has about 500 pans of brownies left    guess who is going to get fat!
"   newer laptop, new phone, and <propmale>   gonna be a good day   smile "
"to be honest, i don't really know anymore "
i like making statuses about people who i don't know   smile  yay for being an idiot!
found out that shower doors can take off your heel if you're not careful  ):
wants to go swimming   so  bad 
good day   smile 
freezing  ):
just  gotta  breathe 
is definitely not ashamed of napping all day until it's bedtime 
left my phone out in a puddle in the rain for quite a while today    that thing is a tank 
this is me not caring about pretty much everything anymore 
one more day and then i'm out of here   smile 
"loves cities, more than anything "
likes it when people from the past randomly come back into your life   smile 
good start to the homecoming weekend   smile 
games and then coronation! way excited   smile 
dance tonight!
"she's down, you're the winner this time, are you happy you got that girl?"
"silly silly little boys   you all annoy me most of the time, but sometimes you get so stupid it makes my entire day!"
got a cute flatscreen tv for her room and a caramel coffee flavored muffin    win? i think so 
"excuse me guy in the sunglasses, please stop being fly like a g6 "
i'm never able to stop what i start   and it seems to be becoming a problem 
rainy spa day? yes please 
good mood so   comment or like this if you want me to tell you what i like and dislike about you   smile 
lovedddddd easy a  one of my favorites   ever   smile 
how does it feel knowing you're disposable?
"um, i now have a ton of nhs chocolate that i really don't like hanging around my house   so if you want some   you better find me "
some call it forgiveness and some call it vengeance 
the university of any huge city is looking pretty good right now         
finally got my new phone!  smile 
gosh i love it when <propfemale> earthquakes happen in the middle of nebraska 
absolutely loves whoever came up with advil 
went from definitely knowing which college to attend to only being half sure   great 
facebook would be so much more interesting if i could write whatever i wanted on my status and not have to worry about it 
"\i already choosed a college \"" - <propmale> <propfirst> schwarz   hahaha """
officially has a ticket to see lady gaga! ndtsjfnrodnfmd!!!
wouldn't be surprised if this turned out to be the longest week ever 
someone needs to invent a time machine right meow 
hey are you flyin somewhere??
is going to sleep     and sleep        and keep sleeping until i can't fall back asleep again     because my weekend starts now!  smile 
makeup makes life so much better 
if facebook ever dies like myspace i swear i'll cry 
  essay    i'm really not a fan of you 
   and i don't want to hear the sound of losing what i never found 
   just one of those weird days where all i do is study math and eat the kinds of vegetables that everyone hates 
fall is so ridiculously pretty 
is excited to get more coffee and go shopping!
wow 
is officially holding her lady gaga ticket!!
finally wrote her first scholarship essay    weird but very exciting! maybe this means college will actually happen   smile 
good night last night   north platte todayyyy  smile 
  headaches   are possibly one of the worst things  ever 
loves it when the speakers at college visits make me want to go there just to see them 
starbucks   just go ahead and hide a little more  it's not like i wanted to find you anyways 
"if you don't have dreams, you don't have anything "
   and people continue to impress me with their idiocy 
is leaving facebook for a while    it's getting ridiculous on here  you can skype me (daynalarreau) or text me  the number is on my profile 
isn't feeling very well    right before thanksgiving  oh good 
just do it!
possibly one of the best days of my life   smile 
loves <propfemale> <propfemale> jacobson!  laugh 
hates <propfemale> <propfemale> jacobson!
second at districts  congrats everyone in one act  it was a great last year with you   smile 
"misses the river, the pits, and the sun ridiculously bad  ):"
"i say goodbye to my weakness, so long to the regrets, and now i see the world through <propfemale> eyes "
is gonna wait for <propfemale>    smile 
officially has subs in my house   poor neighbors 
is about to own her last semester of high school!  smile 
feels a little bit like superman 
not impressed with today 
"\there's going to be naked people! at the church!     on a wednesday!\"" - everybody loves <propfirst>  love """
black swan = definite regret 
 smile 
you're lucky you're black!!
"moments are fleeting, but we're the ones who decide when they're over "
ridiculously good day night!
this whole homework thing is really kicking me in the face 
a late start on the first day of the month probably means it's going to be a good one   smile 
"\they have coffee! their <propmale> teacher has a soul!\"" - <propfemale> magill"""
it's just one of those days 
prom dress shopping = total failure 
just ordered my prom dress   smile 
sure is glad she doesn't have school tomorrow   smile 
life gets better every time gaga releases a new song 
5 hour nap  ahhyeah 
senior math is taking over my life 
state wrestling   love 
second day at state = awesome   smile 
i'll add you on stalkbook!   and by the way i'm the craigs list killer! -<propmale>
"\you're doing facial book? get it?    and texturizing too!\"" - dad is the best person to text   love """
amazing weekend   smile 
a cat just chased my car  i think it's about that time to graduate 
"\you know you at the top when only heaven's right above it \"" - lil <propmale>"""
"\it's never too late to become the person you might have been \"" - <propfirst> <propmale>"""
greatness is what we're on the brink of   smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  they were veryyy much appreciated   smile 
\so petrified, i'm so scared to step into this ride  \216decb22d5c0596d48ca67f812484d4,"once you learn to adjust quickly and accept the endings, very little will be able to get you down   smile "
shorts   love 
"\you don’t stand a <propmale>  matter of fact you don’t have half the stance to stand if you stood half a <propmale> \"" - <propfirst> fiasco"""
graduation dress success   smile 
nothing could be better than bed right now 
i love <propfemale>  smile 
had an awesome senior day   smile 
"\hey puffy shirt guy called   he wants his puffy shirt back!\"" - that '70s show  love """
it's ridiculous when you've finally achieved what you've been trying so hard for and it falls apart again with one simple action 
shut your face
epic night
