fed572b4fc7b749e440613a91032e7be
is ending another boring year completely bored    annoyed 
got a new haircut!  smile 
screwed up badly last night    it won't happen again 
"-everything should be perfect now  i should be happy, right?"
"--so many choices  life's like 1 billion people telling you what to do, and you have to choose one voice to follow    but which is the right one?"
is watching host club  >v<
"has once again, hurt some one she loved  why don't i feel the guilt i should?"
all alone he turns to stone  while holding his breath half to death  terrified of what's inside  to save his life  he crawls like a worm from a bird 
-- why can't anyone just leave me alone!?! i just want to be alone!
is going to see transformers 2 
saw transformers 2 last night 
"is sick of this crap! i can't stand living like this  if this is it, what's the point?"
all alone he turns to stone while holding his breath half to death terrified of what's inside to save his life he crawls like a worm from a bird
"crawling in my skin these wounds, they will not heal fear is how i fall confusing what is real"
wants to know if transformers are superheroes 
is gonna get a haircut possibly 
had to fix her new haircut   playful 
is going to miss facebook next week   crying 
why can't anybody just get along anymore?
this is not how i wanted to leave for camp 
is on her way to camp  smile 
is in tennessee!
is off to knoxville 
is back home   finally
"i don't want to be here, lying i don't want to be selfish anymore i want so much to change learning your love everyday there's still so much to know"
is so tired   playful 
     he's angry!
who let out the chicken?!?!?!?!?
"is super bored     i like my sitar, i like my sitar, i play the sitar, sitar, where ever i go, ohhhhh"
is exetremely bored    there's nothing to do  
burned her fingers making ramen   lol
just got back from shopping  yay for new clothes!
is why the hell does my dad do this to me?
picked up her school schedule     fun 
"it feels like i'm killin myself  just willin myself  just to pray for some help  i'd give it all just to have, have your eternity  cause it's all that assures me  it's worth all that hurts me  i'd give you my heart,  and i'd let you just hold it  i'd give you my soul,  but i already sold it "
"this love , this hate  is burning me away   it's hard to face that we're all the same   this love, this hate  is burning me away   it's harder times like these that never change "
and now i try hard to make it  i just want to make you proud  i'm never gonna be good enough for you i can't stand another fight and nothing's alright
is working today      
"\that doesn't mean i was eating it  you put lots of things in your mouth and don't eat it    i could give you examples \"" \""please do \"" \""    the hands of a dentist!\"""""
why can't anyone see when i'm hurt? do i really hide it so well?
doesn't want to go to school tommorrow
is sorry to all who care    i never meant to hurt you  
is freezing to death!
is really bored     
hates colds   
"these are my friends, see how they glisten  see this one shine, how he smiles in the light  my friend, my faithful friend"
"it all just hits so close to home,  we all got friends but we stand alone,  and your on your own  from a broken home,  you keep the truth inside  and it stays unknown "
is going to try to have fun tonight  wish me luck   playful  lol
had fun at rock the light   smile 
wants to do something fun     maybe i'll draw  
one-two-three-four! i declare a dance war! dance or die! yeah it's five-six-seven-eight! now we're gonna celebrate! dance or die!
has a baby for the weekend  smile 
"todd: haven't you got poet, or something like that? lovett: no, y'see, the trouble with poet is 'ow do you know it's deceased? try the priest!"
there's a hole in the world like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it and it's morals aren't worth what a pig could spit and it goes by the name of london 
wants to write 
wants to know why life's worth living  
"i give up  i'm letting go, goodbye   "
is sorry for scaring everybody 
is extremely lazy   playful 
is pissed and sick of people making her do stuff when she feels like she's falling apart    no one ever listens to me i hate it!
it's been much too long
"\man who smoke pot choke on handle \"""""
"\man who drive like hell bound to get there!\"""""
hates getting sick all the time     annoyed 
is 18!!!
thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes 
can say floccinauchinihilipilification 5 times fast!!!!
is happily munching on pop rocks  smile 
got a hair cut!
is drawing again
is wondering if it's worth going to portfolio days  i mean it's not like i'm that good anyways   
feels sore and icky  i hope i get better for tomorrow 
is going to portfolio day  wish my luck! x3
had fun   only got to see one college though  the lines were horribly long   playful 
"inside my heart is breaking    my make-up may be fading   but my smile, still, stays on  the show must go on! the show must go on! i'll top the <propmale>! i'll overkill! i have to find the will to <propfemale> on! on with the, on with the show!"
has her phone back!  laugh 
feels like crap   
is grossed out   
is not looking forward to tomorrowwith a hurt knee   
's knee still hurts    oh well
had a good day today
parlez vous francais? konichiwa come and and move in my way
feels like she's gonna cry    
is excited for next week!!!
just got back from ushering at the musical
just wants it to be thursday
is nervous and excited about tomorrow
wishes he was still here
is bored and tired  
hates today    it's the worst day in a while  i should have just stayed home   
is excited for thanksgiving!
just saw paranormal activity   it's really good 
is scared and lonely  
is wodering what's gonna happen with her life    hmmm
is thinking she might have insomnia  annoyed 
hurt her knee    again
"is tired, sore, stressed out, and wants to cry    i hate school"
thinks that today sucked 
is missing a certain someone    and trying to think of something to draw   annoyed 
"maybe there's a devil (or something like it) inside, maybe there's a devil (or something like it) inside of me, devil (or something like it) inside  maybe there's a devil somewhere really deep inside me, devil inside of me  jealous angel deep inside me  time to make it burn! this is how i burn!"
is so stupid and worthless  she only hurts those close to her   
is glad to have worked things out
"is full, sleepy, and missing you "
feels good about herself for once  smile 
wants it to be friday   playful 
had so much fun today  laugh 
feels sick   eating too many cookies and the smell of burnt food don't mix well  annoyed 
is so cold and bored
is obviously useless and no good to anyone   
is bored  
is bored and seeing avatar tonight   smile 
is tired   avatar was amazing last night though!
is tired of there being no school   
feels sick   i obviously couldn't hold a camerafour years ago  annoyed 
is really bored  playful     someboy save me   please?
loves her sister smile  jumping in the snow in a bikini takes alot of guts   or stupidity lol
feels lonely and wishes he was here   
doesn't want to go to school in the morning    playful 
screwed up big time   no suprises there
wishes she could take it all back  
is debating how to draw her goddess  
misses him alot right now     sad 
wishes that she could just get away and be with him   
hates it when people just talk to you to see if you're mad then leave when you tell them you're not  
just wants to talk to anyone for more than 5 freaking minutes!!!
yesssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! she lives!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! > laugh 
i am the spider slayer!!
wants to crawl in a hole    
had fun talking with her family when the power went out  smile 
"i'm finding it hard to hold on to you, like a dream that's fading away  i'm starting to wake, back to the nightmare called reality "
made the biggest mistake of her life today   
has a cut gum thanks to her sister
is tired and bored     playful 
people are mean and horrible creatures   
i wish i kill all of me that hasn't been changed by you    then i'd be perfect  
"*~let's be traditional, and non commissional  got my elbows down, pinkies up  that's the way you sip my cup!~*"
i feel like dancing the futterwcken! cx
doesn't know what to do
bored and lonely
is gonna act tomorrow! wish me luck!  smile 
the drama went wonderfully!  smile 
   
is wanting something to do  annoyed 
is looking for a prom dress
had a good time talking to the best guy on earth!  smile  love you hun!
helped dig up a bush in the rain
has had it with people this weekend   
is just gonna cry herself to sleep i guess  good night everyone  see you tomorrow 
day went surprizingly fast
really wishes he was on right now  
"is having second thoughts about going to prom    if the one you love isn't there, is it worth it?"
had fun being hypnotised at after prom   smile 
just wants to escape      by any means possible!
is sick     and is wishing this weekend was already over 
just wants to run far far away from this   
hates thunderstorms    they scare me *hides under a blanket*
"hates computer viruses   (-_-\"",2010-05-13 20:48:49""",fed572b4fc7b749e440613a91032e7be,is at home being bored to death 
doesn't know what to do with her week off   
is getting a new bed!!
is pissed and wants to distroy everythng    baby please call  crying 
is gonna <propfemale> with her grandma (hopefully grandmas)!!
had fun today!
has been cleaning her room since 1 surprise 0 
is nervous about graduation 
can finally relax  smile 
totally feels like  shi-crap now   
is extremely disgusted with her sister     ew   just ew  
where'd he go?
"so don’t worry, even if the sky is falling\ down, down, \down \gonna\ be okay when it knocks you down,\ down, down \so baby don’t worry,\ it’s alright, a-alright when it knocks you down \when\ you go down, when you go down down \no need to worry, just pick back up when you’re tumbling\ down, down, down (down, down)"
hates it when old wounds get torn open   
is not amused  annoyed 
is so freaking stressed rightnow!
wants to cry  
wants out of this nightmare and can't get out    help   
had a very    interesting week 
is wondering why he broke his promise   
is goin shoppin tomorrow!!  laugh 
is gonna be gone the rest of the week   
"\you remind me of the babe \"""""
needs to get volumes 1 and 2 of blackbird 
"had tons of fun at the larp, now on to vacation!!!"
is having tons of fun but strangely wishes to be back home? o o
is glad to be home   smile 
got her computer back!!! hooorayy!
why are people so cruel today  crying 
can i just crawl under a rock and stay there?
"i believe in nothing  not the end and not the start  i believe in nothing  not the earth and not the stars  i believe in nothing  not the day and not the dark  i believe in nothing  but the beating of our hearts  i believe in nothing  one hundred suns until we part  i believe in nothing  not in satan, not in god  i believe in nothing  not in peace and not in war  i believe in nothing  but the truth of who we are "
i'm so lost right now  i have no options    they told me lies about being an adult  it was all a big trap and now i have nowhere to go  i'm not prepared for this   
what does it matter where they build a mosque?! last i saw this is <propfemale> where we have freedom of religion!!!!
is super scared and worried right now    where are you??  crying 
is ready for the weekend!!!! lol
is sorry that facebook is spaming you guys on my account   sad 
"it's just my luck that when i finally find my dream job, i may not have a ride to it   "
just learned to dance the charleston  smile  now i can actually dance!!!!  laugh 
isn't a zombie pinup but a crazy bird lady     thank you <propfemale>
gwynn just threw herself down the stairs   
people with no humor need grow up! > surprise 
you think the only people who are people are the people who look and think like you   
mom just schooled indiain tracfone service 
mom just schooled <propfemale> in tracfone service 
crap   no ride for haunt training tomorrow   
yay    8 hours of work then training for god knows how long 
what do you do when your heart says one thing and your mind anonther?   
well     that sucked  
so   sabastian's a girl   any names?
got a hair cut
got my phone back!  laugh 
is watching her sister shoot a balloon with a bb gun   they bounce back and hit her  it's priceless! you can't buy comedies that great!  laugh 
well so much for a fun day    yay for being all alone   
why is everything so stressfull   
i like it on the floor by my bed 
thanks all for the birthday wishes 
started writing again   different 
if you want to fix me push me into your fantasy you try to give me sell me a new personality you try to leave me i don't get better what's making you happy is making me sadder in your <propfemale> cage all i feel is strange
"they had it coming, they had it coming  they only had themselves to blame, if you had been there, if you had seen it  betcha you would have done the same!"
last week of wof    i got used to it and now it's ending  have to adjust to a new schedule 
"i sense there's something in the wind, that feels like tragedy's at hand  and though i'd like to stand by him, can't shake this feeling that i have  the worst is just around the bend  "
has my new ipod!!! yay x3
isn't having the best day    thank you grumpy ass old people who decide to yell at the poor girl taking your call  you remind me why i love my job 
is extremely pissed and wants everyone to just leave me fucking alone!!!
is done with her freak out moment   smile 
has just been scarred    thanks mom  
i guess i'll do the number thingy too send me <propfirst> people!  smile @
#1006 i don't really know what to say    you're a little crazy and fun    a little fuzzy too x3
#<propfemale> you're a bit strange but you're dating my sister so you'd have to  be strange  laugh  anywho you're pretty cool
#13 you're pretty in every meaning of that phrase that's all i have to say about that  smile 
#21 you're really quiet and sweet person i freaking love your artwork so keep it up   smile  we live so close we should <propfemale> out some time 
just woke up    3 hours early now i can't sleep
#1121 you're easily one of my best guy friends even though you're a creeper  smile  stay away from gwynn she's illegal!!!  laugh 
is tired cleaning my room is a waste of energy  playful 
well i'm feeling rather bored so unless someone wants to talk i'll be calling it a night
#1992 can i really fit this in a status? you the only person who can cool my temper on a bad day make me feel like the happiest girl in the world yet make me worry so much  you're my whole world and i love ya bunches ;3
is watching the first movie she remembers seeing at the theatre  smile 
think that families should fucking accept each other rather than make fun other their interests and dreams   
hey mom    dildo   
it's friday!!!!!!!!  laugh 
had fun tonight  smile  happy 2 month anniversary sweetie  love 
"\squish squish squish squish\""  laugh """
had a good christmas even though it was missing a special someone  love 
"\you put lots of things in you mouth and don't eat it \"" \""like what??\"" \""    the hands of a dentist!\"""""
couldn't sleep last night wasn't feeling well    i need a break  
"how come when the lives of those around me get shaky, i'm the one who ends up in peices?"
"weeeee that was fun i just fell down the stairs, hit my head then threw up, and now for lunch  smile "
"you know what? i left work about an hour and a half ago, so sorry for not fucking screening your calls  i'm not your goddamn receptionist!"
"is apartment searching, car searching, and let's not add job searching to that list"
"you know you're a nerd when you make some achievement, you imagine e playful  points above your head    laugh "
"i always needed time on my own, i never thought i'd need you there when i cry \and the days feel like years when i'm alone  and the bed where you lie is made up on your side  when you walk away i count the steps that you take  do you see how much i need you right now? when you're gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you  when you're gone, the face i came to know is missing too"
imma get my haircut
life is bliss when you're here but hell when you're gone 
sometimes i wonder if this is worth it
i'm making cake   it smells good x3
what's a bieber??
  bless you peppers   
so basically i should have gone to college cause i'm a pretty good microwave cook!  lol  laugh 
sorry for being concerned     sorry for caring   
today hasn't been my day but tomorrow will be a clean slate
"here we go, welcome to my funeral\without you i don't even have a pulse\all alone it's dark and cold\with every move i die"
"she was a young girl in pursuit of <propfemale> and fame \she would do anything she could to feel the flame,\when everybody knew your mood and the games you've played \she finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed \oh no this ain't paradise!\"""""
"so i work real hard each and every day\now things for sure are going my way\just doing what i do\look out boys, i'm coming through"
"don't be in a hurry to insult anything, you may also insult someon"
don't be in a hurry to insult anything for you may also insult some one important 
"just don't ask me for the truth if you choose to lie honey\and don't try to open my door with your skeleton key\some folks seem to think i only got one problem\i can't find nobody as crazy as me"
"but the one thing i know: that when i, i turn out the light,\visions of you, dear, dance in the night "
you were my best friend    i thought you had my back    but in the end it was your knife that made the wound 
i'm sorry to all my friends' news feeds i spammed with personal problems that should of been kept personal 
welp i'm out of a job  
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return 
thanks for forgetting me guys  i really appreciate it
"this is true love, you think this happens every day"
"no one told me i was going to find you  une playful ected, what you did to my heart  when i lost hope, you were there to remind me this is the start "
"we all got friends but we stand alone, and your on your own from a broken home, you keep the truth inside and it stays unknown "
thank you for curing me of my ridiculous obsession with love 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ajuitcvjype&feature=youtube_gdata_player
we could be heroes forever and ever!
haha i have hacked your facebook i love you <propfemale> hall ;#
tomorrow's my last day at work   i have mixed feelings  annoyed 
has the best daddy in the world! not only did he save me some ice cream but he put it a bowl in the freezer with hard shell  smile 
has no clue what to do with her week now that she doesn't have to go to work
hates technology sometimes   
why does my heart cry feelings i can't fight you're free to leave me but just don't deceive me and please believe me when i say i love you
what have i done
it's like last night was just a bad dream
dang you vin disel!!! you made my janga fall!!!
why is there three pieces missing from the brand new pattern i just bought?!?!?
i'm sorry if my <propmale> offends anyone   it's just how i see and e playful ress things
yay i finally get my apple
well the reenactment was fun   but freezing cold
and this is why i stopped reading i always end up in tears   
ugh it's too hot in this house   
you know what? god hates me    and don't try to tell me otherwise   
why does it feel like no one cares?? oh yeah it's because no one listens   i could be screaming and no one would look up to see what's wrong!
it sounds like hell!!
happy mothers day mommy!!
i love when you tell someone no but they do it anyways then claim they listen   
you know what? i need to stop fooling myself    i'm not smart i'm just a retard like everyone says   
so bored
has an interview tomorrow morning at 11  wish me luck!
so nervous    is there any way i can get out of going
don't you just love it when the people you trust let you down?
"i'm impossible to forget, but i'm hard to remember "
"~i forgot to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me\i cannot be without, you're my perfect little punching bag\and i need you, i'm sorry~ love "
can't sleep tonight   oh well
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn; but that's alright, because i like the way it hurts  just gonna stand there and hear me cry; but that's alright,because i love the way you lie  "
i need some quality girl time like in the good ol' days 
