b1bb53be3c74bef040bb58a14914c1c1
is about to go munch on some tasty ham
"damn, that was some tasty ham"
is preparing for a zombie outbreak
has fell in love with the wonderful city of rapture
has finally witnessed the best werewolf movie ever 
wants it to be spring
wants it to be friday already 
thought the clash of the titans remake in 3-d was really good 
misses his car
feels like crap right now 
"is so glad school is over with, for a couple of weeks "
is going to see <propfirst> buffett live at the brdgestone arena tonight 
is currently watching all noes movies 
"got a good 9 hours of sleep, last night "
"hates it, when he tries to be nice to someone and that someone is an asshole to him "
is excited for the upcoming new classes for this semester 
is so tired after a long day at school 
is not looking forward to night class  : (
"just got done watching \never sleep again: elm street legacy \"""""
"is currently in the process of watching all the \friday the 13th\"" movies """
r i p   <propmale> <propfirst> dio
is in the process of watching all texas chainsaw massacre movies 
is tired of working outside in the hot weather  : (
stop putting live concerts in best buy!!!! that is all 
is so happy that two midnight syndicate albums will be released july 30th!  smile 
omg  <propmale> of persia was awesome!
"is off to working on some web-site design homework, ugh "
"sitting in class,with nothing to do, soooo bored "
hates the hillshire meat commercials  they're so retarded 
today looks like it's going to be a good day! peace out 
is really stressed out 
wants a vacation 
"is in the process of watching all the \saw\"" movies """
wants to thank pixar for making toy story 3  it was such an amazing movie!
happy father's day to all fathers out there!
i can't wait to move to my new campus next semester!
is my sickness ever going to go away? i hate having allergy problems 
"going to buy fireworks tonight, for the 4th of july "
thank you all for the birthday wishes!
getting a blizzard at dairy <propfemale>  mmmm
had a wonderful day today 
going to popeye's to get some chicken and godly biscuits 
sorcerer's apprentice is an awesome movie! go see it immediately 
witnessed the awesomeness of the frisco melt at steak n' shake 
<propmale> zimmer makes the most beautiful music  ever 
<propfirst> mccartney put on an amazing concert here in nashville  go <propfirst>!
goodnight everyone on fb  i'm out 
nothing like listening to some midnight syndicate during a thunderstorm 
creating my music playlist that i will be using for halloween night 
is ready for the fall season 
is counting the days until hhn starts in <propmale>  can't wait!
happy friday the 13th!
schoolwork done for the day  now time to relax 
is tired of this blistering heat!  sad 
<propfemale>'s funniest videos on tv in 30 minutes!  smile 
time to watch me some south park   smile 
sophomore year of college is done  time for a two week break  smile 
photoshop cs5 is amazing!
can't wait for august 26th!!!!
mudvayne is awesome!
pirahna 3d is awesome! that is all 
5 days left for the big day 
will be cruising out on the open seas in a couple of days    smile 
why in the hell does the air conditioning have to break down during the heat of the summer?  i am not happy  ugh   
reporting from key west    me!   smile 
damn wal-mart connection for hotel wi-fi  better off using 3g off of my phone
glad to be back home    smile 
3 more days for resident evil: afterlife!   smile 
"gone to see \machete\"" at the movies """
why can't it be oct  7 already?! can't wait for hhn 
is in halo high right now  might have to rebuy halo sad e and halo 2 
"is feeling down at the moment, as of now   sad "
"got my hnn shirt in the mail today!   smile  thank you laz, <propfirst> & jenn!"
off to school i go 
it sure does take a long time just to rank up to captain in halo reach    ugh
autodesk <propfemale> 2011 is awesome for doing 3d sculpting!  smile 
hhn tomorrow night!  smile 
@ citywalk right now
@ <propmale> marley's right now 
here at the gates of hhn 
hhn was awesome!!!!  smile     had an awesome hnn meet up too!!!! best year of hhn  ever 
a day @ ioa today 
@ bubba gump's for lunch and then off to the studios for the day 
time to get some homework done 
wants it to be friday already   ugh
today is awesome because i got rock band 3 with the keyboard 
i hate taking tests  that's all i have to say for now 
"got the music playlist ready for halloween night! i'm ready to scare some trick or treaters, haha "
gone for dinner and to see saw 3d!
saw 3d is awesome!  go see it 
halloween is supposed to be honored on the day that it falls on  so stfu stupid churches!
"if you are trick or treating tonight at my house, you will receive no <propfemale>  kthnxbye "
"homework to do today for philosophy class, then a boring day of doing nothing ,but wait for tomorrow night "
happy halloween!
another successful house haunt! it was a fun time indeed scaring trick or treaters 
2 research papers to do before this semester ends  ugh   
hello weekend! nice to meet you again 
"horror night nightmares has shut down today at for server maintenance and may be down for 1-3 days  we will be back, so bear with us during the down time  news and updates will be posted on the facebook <propfemale> "
is going to watch end of days tonight to help remind me of fear revealed 
got to e playful erience the bttf: the ride on my copy of the bttf trilogy blu-ray!
is feeling mentally drained as of now 
"half of my face is numb, after getting done with the dentist this morning  i want to drink something right now, but i know i can't    ugh"
will be deleting people off ofmy friends list  some people that don't know 
i want to thank all veterans that fought for our freedom  happy veteran's day!
having lunch at waffle house 
going to see unstoppable at the theaters 
"\if your good at anticipating the human mind    it leaves nothing to chance \""  -tobin <propfemale> as \""jigsaw\"" from saw"""
"how's my day going to be like today? go see skyline at the movies, schoolwork, more schoolwork, dinner, more schoolwork, sleep "
skyline is an awesome movie 
"for everyone on hnn, i have a special surprise for you all tonight "
had an awesome day today! goodnight everybody and take care 
"had an awesome, take it easy day playing black ops "
my hhn xx soundtrack has been updated with a new track! come and get it 
"4 weeks left of the school semester to go!  smile   time to stop procrastinating on term papers, and then i should be out of between a rock and a hard place "
"no, i will not play farmville  kthnxbye "
working on an awesome shirt design
i cannot stop listening to <propfemale>  his music is filled with awesomeness 
one term paper left and it's all downhill from here 
can't wait to see deathly hallows tonight!
@ the theater waiting for deathly hallows to start up 
photobucket is being stupid right now    ugh
gone to have an awesome dinner at sonic
really?!?! <propfirst> bieber won artist of the year?!?! hell has officially frozen over 
listening to  universal's halloween horror nights - <propmale> (official) music from years past 
"with thanksgiving coming up, i will say what i most thankful for  i am thankful for an awesome loving family and my friends for being there for me "
halloween > christmas
gamestop knows how to piss me off real well 
got out of class early and going to have an awesome dinner  life is good 
i want to wish all of my friends a happy thanksgiving!
going to watch the b&w version of the mist for the first time tonight and then go to sleep for a big day tomorrow 
i hope <propmale> jones aka (killer croc) gets used as a villain for the next batman movie by <propfirst> <propmale> 
nahhhhhh!
r  i  p  <propfirst> nielsen
"tomorrow, i will be having a \case of the mondays \"""""
"glad to be back home, after staying overtime at the school "
"tron legacy, i'm waiting patiently for you "
"might finish up my philosophy paper, well    during philosophy class tomorrow "
"they say that the mind bends in half to deal with the horrors of life  sometimes the mind bends so much, it breaks "
ready for my presentation tomorrow in psychology 101  hope it goes well 
"changeyour default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same"
going to put up the christmas tree tonight  today is going to be awesome 
"i came, i saw, i kicked its ass! my philosophy class paper, that is "
i don't like the new facebook profile <propfemale> update  it's all funky 
it's 23 degrees outside  way too cold 
next week is last week of school for christmas break  am i excited? hell yes!  smile 
latter 1990's and early 2000's had awesome music  i sure do miss it 
"saw the new narnia movie tonight, and i must say it was pretty awesome "
the weather outside is frightful 
no class tomorrow!  smile  thank you baby jesus for the snow storm!
working on another shirt design 
ice storm tomorrow night in the area of town  i don't want to drive through this shit tomorrow just for class 
fate is only what you make it 
anxiously refreshing the school closings webpage  i don't want to drive through an ice storm tonight 
"i don't like to complain, but school on friday night for makeup class, \yuck!\"""""
<propfirst> gayber is on csi  get off of my tv 
a presentation and a test tomorrow  let's do this!
i don't know anyone at this christmas party  it's really awkward 
tron legacy today!
tron is amazing!!!
time for a <propfemale> wars marathon!
<propfemale> wars  holds a special place in my heart 
finished up return of the jedi (theatrical version)  might watch it's a trap real soon 
going to watch how the grinch stole christmas and then call it a night 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!
feeling sick   ugh
rule #32 of zombieland: enjoy the little things
"it's snowing, i love it!"
"dear people's choice award, \do not let anyone from twilight and <propfirst> bieber win anything at all  kthnxbye "
people's choice awards is a joke 
"been re-reading the first <propmale> potter book, today and the past couple of days  might also re-read the others as well "
"having an awesome day so far, started re-reading chamber of secrets "
"well, tomorrow is the first day back to school   due to the fact i've been out of school due to snow days  make your move flynn    , come on!"
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons make people fat  remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! repost if you agree  "
going to see green hornet tonight!  smile 
"getting blurred vision,that's the cue to hit the sack  g'night everybody in fbland "
fixing myself some turkey for lunch  mmm   
"black eyed peas playing halftime for superbowl, woot!"
"i'm going to celebrate my day off tomorrow, by doing absolutely nothing "
what did i do on my day off today? i finished up on re-reading prisoner of azkaban and then watched the movie 
going to fix rotisserie chicken for lunch  mmm   
"return of the <propmale> on tv, awesome!!!"
"working on new artwork, which i haven't done in awhile  will post pics when done "
going to see the rite tonight
"please, no more exorcism movies for awhile, there has been way too many recently "
played angry birds for the first time  wow! it is addicting 
blah! why does tomorrow have to be monday?
nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"after having 6 <propfemale> burgers and chili cheese fries for dinner, i feel exhausted "
got my copy of let me in on bluray today!  smile 
"great  this winter weather has finally put its toll on me, by making me sick "
been sick over the past three days has made me lose my voice  so much for speech class tomorrow 
"geez, snow again!  sad   is it spring yet?"
going to purchase my horror night nightmares shirt when i get back home   smile 
anything but damn beiber 
a week of decent weather finally!!!
there's no place like home 
having a terrible migraine  debating on whether or not to go to class tonight 
tonight's episode of csi kind of reminds me of a trap out of the saw movies 
unknown movie is awesome  that is all 
is this school semester over with yet?! i hate speech class 
mondays suck  that is all 
going to pick up due date on blu <propfirst> and then grabbing something for lunch from subway 
class was really slow tonight 
working on a graphics standard <propmale>  woot!
"the make-up days at school, are really starting to piss me off  damnit!"
going to play some xbox live real soon 
i have a speech to give tomorrow and i haven't even started rehearsing 
it should be illegal to have speech class in the mornings    ugh
"congrats <propmale> baker on winning best make up for \the wolfman!\""  smile """
"had a really good weekend, just wished it lasted longer "
got all school related homework done for the week  woo!
fixing some fried bologna sandwiches for lunch  mmmm!
the new mortal kombat demo is amazing!!!
monday is finally over with    another one bites the dust 
"i got a invite for an app on fb, and it's causing a bunch of spam  sorry for that crap, in advance "
having a great day so far  awesome day don't fail me now 
"i am so damn happy right now, that if you threw a brick at me i wouldn't care "
going to be staying up late and playing some black ops tonight 
is loving this spring weather 
arby's beef and cheddar sandwiches are to die for 
"<propfirst> gordon-levitt will be playing the holiday killer (<propmale> falcone) in <propmale>'s, \dark knight rises \"" so far 3 villains will be in the movie """
"today is my friday, woot woot!"
i had a nightmare that i parked my car in a giant parking lot and i could never find it 
"inherited a first generation ipad from my dad, since he received his ipad2  i am one happy person right now "
wants the next 3-4 weeks to go by really quick 
"after all this time, i think i'm finally going to put together a soundtrack with music used at universal <propmale> resort "
going out to see insidious at the movies 
why do people have to be so damn inconsiderate of others during a movie? felt like crackin' some skulls 
"whenever you see insidious, make sure you look for saw  and dead silence references  such an awesome movie "
not looking forward to waking up tomorrow morning    blah!
"if lady gaga wanted to tour with the goo goo dolls, it would be called the goo goo gaga tour "
"not liking the terrible weather outside  had a tornado warning while at school, then it went away  where's my sunshine?"
"anybody know where i can buy find the music score from \insidious?\"""""
"my new school schedule for next semester is finally the way it should be, woot!"
project homework for class today all done  time to chillax 
