73289ac37b266ee3cffcfbb434a9b211
has had a big first day of her senior year   tons of ap dual credit classes and got my driver's license   
trying to figure out what to do with the rest of my evening   im caught up on homework and already finished the book i was reading   i have basically nothing to do   
anybody who took 101 or psychology last year   can i buy your book off of you?
watching glee   it's hilarious   had to go back a redo part of my blog for psych   
had a great birthday   
already finished my coat of arms for 101   thank god   finishing up my first physics lab report   i hate them already   how many am i going to have to do this year?
finally figured out what to be for the halloween dance   
watching wheel-of-fortune and then jeopardy because i'm a dork like that   
watching jeopardy and very upset that the book i got from the school library is practically destroyed   i think i might get them a new copy   i will be embarrassed to give back that book like that   even though i received it that way   
is staying home from school today   not feeling so well   
"home, not feeling well   watching clay-mation christmas movies (like the year without a <propfemale> claus)   trying to feel better   wish i had some hot cocoa   "
home   still not feeling well   
"finally finished \the lovely bones\""   its a great book   """
is still sick   but sucking it up to go to the game   go billies!
ready to finally be coming back to school!
one really good thing about the twilight saga   for the next 3 years i will feel perfectly fine about being so pale   thank you <propfemale> meyer   
watching jeopardy instead of reading like i need to   
finished all of my psychology homework in one night and have finished my physics   but still need to start reading for 101  sad 
managed to leave my physics book in athens with my lab report   i hope that doesn't set the tone for the next week   
way to go billies   going to wheeling next week   wal-mart will be sold out of hothands next week   
hoping that almost everything goes smoothly   
i got absolutely no sleep last night   that 5 hour nap yesterday really messed me up   
"as sad is it may be   i might have to resort to sparknotes for the first time in my life   i honestly am embarrassed to have to do that   but i will need a miracle to finish \gone with the wind\"" by friday   pray for me   """
so i just finished gone with the wind (the movie)   it is a million times better than the book   i can't believe i just said that   
"i'm finally finished with gone with the wind   after watching it 7 times, reading the awful book, and writing my research paper it's all over  smile "
way do teachers have to give homework over holiday breaks? im starting to think it is just unethical  playful  haha   
"of course   the only time i've ever wanted to read the sparknotes of a book, it isn't there  sad "
if they are only going to give us a two hour delay they should just go ahead and make it regular schedule   i wish they would just cancel school already   its not going to get warmer   
so i just read a report that said in the next year dvds will be obsolete   that's just fricking wonderful   now im going to have to buy a blue-ray player   but im still holding on to my vhs dvd player   i love that thing   
please let's have a least a two-hour delay   i don't want a physics test   
is sick   
im getting very frustrated   everytime i try to call <propfirst> my phone loses signal   
im up way too early   and i hope school ends up on a two-hour delay   
"ok   just in case their is anyway <propfemale> can see this: just because the roads may be clear in <propfirst>, that doesn't mean they're clear everywhere! i live in south man and my roads are covered   i don't even want to think about how they are in the hollows   "
"i love watching the american idol auditions   until the actual show starts and it interrupts the much better show \bones\"" and probably \""glee\"" this year   """
i love when stuff is on tv that has to do with what you learn in school   im watching e! investigates: addicted to pills   
yay!!! bones is finally back from break  smile   and that was an unintended pun   
"this my sound weird and inconsiderate   but i think if the state would flip-flop the budgets for jails and education, then more people would be better educated   and maybe they could pay for everyone's college   just an idea   and also, since people are better educated  , then less people will commit crimes and end up in jail   its worked in other countries   "
does anyone know of some scholarships i could apply for?
i just figured out how not to get those annoying notification e-mails every single time someone comments something i have commented   
i'm getting sick and fricking tired of having to do practically everything at my house   why can't anybody else seem to do anything here??? like washing their dishes off and just setting them on the empty side of the sink?!?!?
so i just finished schindler's list   its a great movie   but it will make you cry   
"the beta club will be raising funds to donate to the american redcross disaster relief fund due to the recent earthquake in haiti  each morning in homeroom beta club members will be coming in to sellpaper hearts for $1 each     if you are interested in helping, please buy some hearts in homeroom,or stop by <propfemale> saunders' room to buy some   100% of the money will go to disaster relief in haiti "
conquered the fafsa  smile 
"i have had a very shocking day   my dad apologized to me for being a (in his words) \horrible and crappy\"" dad   """
i'm completely amazed at how moronic people can be   my stepmom never ceases  to amaze me   
so i slept for most of the day yesterday   and now im still sleepy but i can't go back to sleep   
"though i usually don't do this stuff    it's brother sister week!!!!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother(s) and or sister(s)! picture can be from when you were young or a current one! copy and paste this, and lets see how many people love their siblings   "
2 hour delay!!!
i find it funny that yahoo has pictures of people for black history month   but google does not   usually google has the animated logo   
gets to job shadow at pikeview next friday   i really hope mercer county doesn't have a snow day that day   sorry guys but i really need school that day   leaving early would be fine   i just need one block   
sick   
where do they get seeds to plant more seedless grape plants? because if they are seedless then they can't have seeds to plant more plants   
i see snow falling outside  sad 
2 hour delay!!!
i feel awful   sick of being sick   if i don't feel better tomorrow then i won't be at school   someone let mrs  <propmale> know so she doesn't get all senior project stuff on me   
so i went to the dentist today and get a tooth filled   turns out when they number my bottom jaw i sound like <propfirst> fudd and daffy duck's love child =p
i just saw a commercial for glee  smile  yay!!! please let it come back soon   
so i am watching the news   funny thing   they are talking about concord basketball   haha   that really never happens   
finally finished my paper for my senior project  smile  let's hope she likes the paper and i don't have to change much   
is it so bad that i really don't want to stay at home all summer?
i'm know officially 100% finished with my senior project *happy dance and squeals* which means i have more time to spend on my other papers that have been neglected ='(    bring on the psych and 102   
"snow, snow go away come again another day some people want the sun and warmth all day snow, snow go away"
"\let it be\"" by the beatles   makes me cry   its sadder in accross the universe though   """
anybody know if we're still having the dance tomorrow?
just found out: unless we get a <propmale> blizzard tonight   winter formal is still tomorrow   
so i'm trying to think warm thoughts   maybe buying a swim suit will help   
i really really really really really dont want to go to school today   
so i just got an email from amazon   and my <propfemale> (from syfy) is on its way   i should get it tomorrow   im a dork   
i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane! i will get through my senior year without going insane!
i give up on physics! i will be going into class early tomorrow and asking for help   but i can't do it tonight   its impossible for me to finish this work sheet   
if it wasn't going to rain so much this week   i would have washed my car today   the poor thing needs it  sad 
it never ceases to amaze me how ridiculous and unfair man high school is to the ap and dual-credit students   
yay!!!! no more senior project!!!
i'm looking forward to june 13th at 9 pm!!!
is anyone else's myspace not working?
why do beds have to be so warm and the rest of the world is so cold?
psych paper here i come   and then apgap stuff   mrs mccoy im so behind (can i take that psych test in the morning?)   but i got my prom dresses and some pictures for yearbook stuff  smile 
ok   only 4 more days until spring break   i can make it without being absent   haha   except for friday  wink 
i should really be working on my english paper intro  paragraph   but i have yet to come up with a subject that she wants me to write about   this will be fun   
god   could you please let the rest of the school year go by fast? but let this summer be slow?
and i just finished my last physics lab report   hopefully   
watching the shining with <propfirst>  smile 
i need a book to read   but not by <propmale> sparks   he's a great writer but i honestly love his movies too much to ruin them for myself by reading the book   
got the promise scholarship!!!!!!!
cannot wait to graduate!
english 102 paper   done   now i just have to survive the 14 school days i have to go to fourth period   
finished half of my apgap questions   guess ill work on them at school tomorrow   sorry mrs mccoy   
nails at 2 smile 0 then hair at 3 smile 0   why im i awake now?
back to school   ap test this morning   nervous   but at least i don't have to go to four of my classes  smile 
no homework   what shall i do for the rest of the day? nap? clean? or text <propfirst> when he gets home from school? hard choice  wink 
<propfemale> niffenger and <propfemale> wells can do no wrong   i love their books   
trying to decide whether to go to school at lunch or not   
so tired   the only reason i have to go to school today is for a physics quiz   then i do nothing for the rest of the day   but at least its only 4 days until graduation!
off to <propmale>'s graduation soon  smile  yay!!! and good luck billies baseball!
got a 4 on the ap government exam!!!
so hot   need air conditioning and a nap   
today was fun   got my stuff moved in   went to all the useless meetings   i have an amazing roommate   and i got to spend time with <propfirst> ?
if i spend the money on a fan thing for my computer so my computer doesnt over heat every five minutes   and it doesnt work   im saving everything from my computer on a flash drive   and the computer is going out the window   i hate technology   
finally has internet in her new dorm room!!!!
hates waiting for phone calls   
"must buy bleach, air freshener, and a has-mat suit   its going to be a long evening after class   "
sick + having to give a speech today= not fun at all    
nothing like bohemian rhapsody and vampire weekend to start a friday morning  smile 
i am now myself in 9th grade again   if i had carried a backpack   so many books   and binders and pencils and pens and paper   oh and highlighters   
yummmm   cheese ball  smile 
was just rudely awaken byvthe wonderful fire alarm of north towers   happy that it works   but i wish people wouldnt burn their food   
fb: i need some help   please ask your parents at which age you started talking (if you don't know)   and let me know in a comment on this post   its for a speech i have to do in public speaking  sad 
is going home this weekend   i just have to go to three classes and work first   
does not feel good   
off to the library   lets hope my powerpoint works when it needs to   and i hope i don't have to give my speech until monday (fingers crossed)   i really don't like public speaking   but it is a necessary evil of a class   
off to the pikeview game
yay!!! i finally found my 10% off concord bookstore coupon!!!  smile 
curly hair+rain=poofy
has only one class today  smile 
left her keys in her purse at alberts again   
has studied for this history mid-term until she will be saying these id's in her sleep   
leaving for man with <propfirst>
there is a rain snow mix in early october   wth!!!
so sleepy   but i need to read history   and geology  sad 
humans-vs-zombies= one of the stupiest yet funniest things i have ever seen   
getting ready   then down to pipestem to ride horses with my family for lakie's birthday   then maybe chinese later   
"had fun today   tried quail, which is awesome! and got to spend time with my family  smile "
i do not want to go to class   i havent felt good sense yesterday morning   im sleepy   and i just want to stay in my dorm and sleep  sad 
lets hardly pass a geology lab practical! haha   
pumpkin spice lattes are awesome!
knows that today is going to be a good day  smile 
hoping math is cancelled   
my hopes are crushed   i am having math  sad 
college has made me dependent on coffee for energy   
likes singing obnoxiously loud to journey will driving   
is going to eat breakfast at home   then go back to athens and to charleston for the day with <propfirst> for my birthday   
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes   
"has 11 days of tuesday thursday class and 16 days of monday, wednes, and friday classes until the semester is over"
oh how i wish i didnt have to go to speech and hear other people give speechs   i would much rather not go   
wishes november 19th was here   then i could see the new <propmale> potter movie   
does not like when mercer county has a winter weather advisory for the next two days   
doesn't get to go home due to possible snow  sad 
its snowing   
just has to wait for <propfirst> to get out of english and i can go home  smile 
just wants five minutes of quiet to be able to go to sleep   is that just way too much to ask?
"thank you, neighbors   i didn't really need too much sleep last night   its not like i had to get up at 6 and get ready for two tests at 8 and 10:45   oh wait   i do!"
watching clouds in walmarts parking lot   
is not upset that her computer has broken down so she cant do school work   there are plenty of other places to do that   she's upset because of all the pictures of friends and family she will lose  sad 
history paper   finished!
made chocolate covered cherries and peppermint patties  smile 
"dear snow,\ college students that want to get finals over with hate you  please stop!"
making sugar cookies for my sisters to decorate   
i got a kindle   im so excited!
chinese food!
"concord,\i would really like to know when i'm supposed to move back into my dorm and who my roommate will be "
the day college students get check change is like a holiday   
"telemarketing texts, really! can we never escape them?"
i am really starting to believe that <propfemale> palin should not use words or phrases she doesn't know the meaning of   the world would be a much quieter place   
got my check change   now its time to go spend it on books and a new computer  sad 
"to everyone who had <propmale> arms with me in 11th grade annoyed arum said in an interview  \it requires academic rigor     you can't just get it through osmosis at these institutions \"""""
you just know it is going to be a good day when you get out of class at noon and have no homework  smile 
"concord, please cancel classes   i know you tell commuters to use their best judgment    but have you seen the weather forecast?"
i don't like when the power flickers   and its cold and snowy outside   
my first college snow day   
"dear sony,\thank you for saying my computer would have two day shipping  but you should really consider that you are sending it from <propfemale> to wv in the middle of winter  at least i didn't have to pay for shipping "
"today is going to be a good day   today is going to be a good day   maybe if i keep repeating that, it will happen?"
murphy day!  sad 
"it takes a bad day to realize how good the rest of your life is   yesterday i had a horrible day, but today i realized how blessed i truly am   i have a f<propfemale>ly that loves me and just wants me to be happy and i have an amazing boyfriend who i truly believe treats me like a <propfemale>   "
best day of the week   its friday plus my last class was cancelled so i could go and relax  smile 
you know when youre a dork when   you are 19 and will buy fantasia on dvd   
loves days that <propmale> is cancelled  smile 
and now it's off to housing   wish me luck   
kimono's   yum!
does anyone know where novosiberisk is? i do   i do believe i will pass my geography map test  smile 
"thank god, i have 2 less tests to worry about this week  smile "
"never thought she would be yelling \let'em play ref!\""   to of all things   a game of jeopardy   """
"oh how i wish i didnt have to go to math class   in fact   i wish that after this semester, i would be finished with math   "
