43dac83c685724010d386c3792c32e59
do ya all know it's like really hot out? and <propmale> is going blah blah blah and i have tuned him out!!!!!!     lol
got a new pair of shoes!!!!! heels at that 
"hhmmmmmmm, and what's up in your world tonight? and to nerdly,,,,tag, you're it!!!!!   lol lol lol"
how does it prosper a man to gain the world and lose heaven?
what's this crap with the rain? wanna go out and play!!!!!!!!
"grrrr, that's all i gotta say!!!!!!!"
realizes now that if ya mix onion rings and a banana split it's gonna make ya sick!!! 'nuff said 
tums are sooooo amazing!!!!!!!
"no good-byes are suppose to be less painful        i find them to be very numbing, and your opinion is?"
i survived the weekend       everything is back to normal    
"well, mr  manly man has decided that i need to become more domestic       and ny question is, but why?"
<propmale> is cooking breakfast and won't let me help     guess i'll <propfemale> out here til it's ready        can't get any better than that huh?
back to home depot!!!!!!  this time i remembered to measure before buying            
it's flippin' 2 surprise 0 in the morning        why are we on facebook? hmmmmmmm
"facebook exreriment; if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often,please post a comment of a memory of  you and me  when you have finished,post this paragraph on your own status, you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"ya know, it just hit me     i'm gonna be a mother-in-law!!!!!  argh "
hey   hey!!!!!!  has the face book home paged changed? not likin' what i see    really confused here          arg
"if you do not like the new facebook, here is a way you can change it back    look up to the top left menu and click on more      then click and drag  status updates to the top    click on it and that becomes your default and it is like it was before     it works  pass it on, and let me know if it works for you "
okay ppl's    i done what i suggested to ya'll and it worked 'cept my pic isn't there  does anyone else have their pic or is it just me?
need help here!!!!! <propfemale> is getting married two weeks from today and i still haven't found a dress for the wedding         anyone know of a place to get a dress (not a formal wedding) that will not cost an arm and a leg?
finally found something to wear to wedding!!!!!! on sale @ 75% off to boot!!!!! yippee for me!!!!
omg                  i think i'm just gonna give it up and run away to gilligan's island!!!!!!!
8 hours 45 minutes!!!!!
"woo-hoo!!!!!!  i'm now a mother-in-law                 oh yeah, <propfirst> is npw married     "
red
i did the macarena with a homeless guy in your bathroom because i'm sexy and do what i want 
feel like i need to take a long nap at vinyards!!!!! day 4 of feeling yucky  ugh
"3 and 1 2 hours spent with a neuro opthomologist, massive amount of blood work not to mention sitting in lab <propfemale> ting room forever and another 3 hours doing an mri today and guess what they tell me?  might need to come back!!!!!!  and that's not counting being there on monday!!!!!  think i feel worse than when i started, hmmmmmmmmm"
update in the test results       they came out baaaad and next week get the joy of doing the doctor crap all over again  humpf
gettin' a spinal tap this week   woo-hoo!!!!! not
it's a day of joy for me today!!!!! my vacuum has sucked it's last breath  that means i don't have to clean anymore    right??????????
off work tommorrow   woo-hoo!!!!!! getting valium and a spinal tap       hooray for drugs!!!!
"in case anyone is wondering, i clicked on the who's blocked you app to see what it was and it sent messages to ppl saying they were blocked!!!!!  your not and don't be offended if ya got a message saying you were!!!!!!!   it's goofey    hhmmmmmmmm"
just watched gone with the wind  anyone else think <propmale> butler is hot? just askin'       
"opinion time ppl: if the guy you are seeing is going from cape up hiway 55 to 270 and says he doesn't have the time to stop by your work  (right off the hiway) for even 5 minutes but can stop off in pevely to eat lunch with a friend, is that good enough reason to get hacked off? he just doesn't get it or am being the stupid one here? and it's been like a month since ive seen him "
if you are brave     copy this to your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy 2  i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed carcastic  5 annoyed ovable 6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9 annoyed poiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:beautiful  17 sad ute 
is wondering: why is it that my vacuum is capable of sucking up a small dog or toddler but will not suck up lint or string? just my pondering for the day        
question of the day: wwhat is the dumbest thing you ever done on a dare? come on     don't be shy!!!!!!
before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life its self 
"is now \officially\"" single     and to those of you who may know \""him\"" there are two sides to every story  'nuff said """
says i don't need a man to make me feel like a woman     i birthed two children w o any drugs   now that makes a woman!!!!!
how did we meet? everyone play this game    could be interesting
"warning!!!!!!!   facebook now automatically scans your brain thriugh your monitor  to block, go to your kitchen cabinet, remove box of aluminum foil, wrap foil around head stay calm and breath through your left nostril  this is a serious problem       it has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby momma      and her pet chihuahua      copy and paste to your status and save your friends!!!!"
omg!!!!!   just had the weirdest date ever           think he is now looking for his rock so he can crawl back under it!!!!!!
omg     feeling like really old!!!!  got an application for an aarp card today     do these people have nothing better to do than track those of us who have or soon going to turn 50??????
"ahem     public apology to my ex-husband  you are not the stupidest man in the world like i once claimed!!!!!  that honor just went to the <propmale> of the idiots and i just went out with it    oh, my my my       now off to hurlville!!!!!"
thank you  to everybody for the b-day wishes!!!
i no feel good again today!!!!!   would anyone care to come to      my <propfemale> and listen to me whine????
