9e0fc047e2279df7d86e1d465bef9115
"\do you think <propfemale> drives too fast?\"" \""yes \""    i don't even drive > laugh ;"""
click 'like' if i've ever made you smile this year  then set this as your status to see how many people you made smile this year
"let's take a moment to remember the millions who gave their lives so that we could live today  thank you, dinosaurs  (we miss you)"
last day of vacation and i'm at work  awwwwwesome 
"god damn, chat's nothing but faggots lately  annoying    =a="
"   if you own a playstation 3 console, you might not want to turn it on for a while "
ps3 trophies > xbox gay60 achievements btw
has no sense of rhythem
competting with kyon to see who can name the most oldfags from the chat
i realized that i've never seen an actual car acciendent before today  
my msn's being ghey  probably that virus    >a>;
\understanding the\,9e0fc047e2279df7d86e1d465bef9115,is freakin' drained from working that a a  convention 
"so apparently i'm missing meet the mavs, but i don't know what that is, anyone care to enlighten me?"
"lol thanks everyone, i just got off work and i'm going to enjoy the rest of my birthday "
"pfft, well at least the first day was   interesting?"
"what the hell, there was another oil rig incident? when the hell did this happen?"
"huge fire going on down the street, so i went to check it out  it's pretty bad from what i saw "
bleh   there's too much crap going through my head  i'm tired 
"ugh, at work, sick  feel like crap "
anyone else taking the sat's saturday?
spring break is going to be amazing  i'll make this trip happen no matter what 
"<propfemale> napoles can't open doors, apparently "
nosb's selling pizza friday after school! pizza slices for just $1 in front of the school and at the bus stop! bring a dollar and support us!
guess i'll go watch beowulf
nosb's selling pizza tomorrow after school! pizza slices for just $1 in front of the school and at the bus stop! bring a dollar and support us!
i seriously have the most retarded luck with the sat's 
"overall, pretty good weekend "
"\discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice \"""""
the loyalty of a dog never ceases to amaze me  
"just a little too hot for a panaramic picture, dontcha think?"
"important nosb meeting tomorrow morning, make sure to show up at around 8:15 in the morning in mr  h's room if you can make it "
"busy weekend, fun weekend "
anyone else staying for the course fair tonight?
hmm  really off day today 
"rip <propfirst>, i could not save you "
"\so who can tell me what (some government vocab word) means?\""\",9e0fc047e2279df7d86e1d465bef9115,needs a c in his car 
"clouded lepord, hell yes "
well somebody told me you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend 
"meh, tired "
so anyone else going to college night?
"can't decide what to order in for dinner, i really don't feel like eating pizza again   annoyed  suggestions?"
"was the best, like no one ever was "
"(possibly) last halloween for a while, spent hitting up houses for <propfemale> with <propfirst> gastelum after putting together costumes at the last minute like a boss   now for some free <propfemale>, fawk yes "
it's so quiet today 
strategy requires thought; tactics require observation 
gotta go get my passport tomorrow 
"huh, maybe i should start on those three essays that are due tomorrow now "
zoo trip today!
"huh, well i feel like an idoit "
is on his way to galveston 
does not care for the fact that apparently every restaurant in galveston closes between 9 and 10 pm 
is watching a badass shark dissection 
who else thought of observe and report as soon as they read that letter?
"dear mozilla firefox,\thank you for being the most superior web browser ever invented \sincerely, <propfemale> zurita"
\dear space,\9e0fc047e2279df7d86e1d465bef9115,"holy shit, just walked up my street and see the ambulance litterally right in front of my house "
"damn, why can't the lunch at school be as good as the lunch at work?"
"damn hour cuts, you're killing me here "
"damn hour cuts, you're killing me here "
"thanksgiving, and i'm freakin' sick as hell  whoo!"
intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings 
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal?   not to see a human face on fb until monday,\december 6th, and be surrounded by only our\best childhood memories  join in the fight \against child abuse and copy & paste to your\status to invite your \      friends to do the same!"
two men walk into a bar  the third one ducks 
so come out of your cave walking on your hands and see the world hanging upside down 
"hey nosb people, did we want to try to have a christmas party this year? i should be able to get pizzas and sodas either way "
"have fifty check out lanes, only use four  great job, walmart "
there are people who i will never be able to understand 
"if guns don't kill people, and it's people who kill people, does that mean toasters don't make toast, it's toast that makes toast?"
"\strength does not come from physical capacity  it comes from an indomitable will \"""""
"finally home after 18 straight hours of work, need some sleep "
so apparently my house got broken into and a bunch of shit got stolen  awwwesome 
glad i didn't stay up for the non-visable eclipse like a dunce 
just finished watching the original tron 
"reo is more than just a cat, he's a friend "
going to see tron 
nothing like last minute christmas shopping 
"<propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a good night "
nothing says christmas like watching the breakfast club
"hey kids, shake it lose together  the spotlight's hitting something known to change the weather "
got my act scores back today and they're higher than what boston recommends  fuck yeah 
"finally done with work for a couple of days, i'm tired as hell "
"<propfemale> you fat lard, come get some dinner!"
pla-tin-um 
"\do you think that cows deserve to be grounded up to be made into hamburger meat?\""\",9e0fc047e2279df7d86e1d465bef9115,"\i will stuff all of you in a crust!\"""""
i don't go on facebook for two days and find out that the new profile was forced on us and a new zodiac sign existed  wat 
i can't stand that poem 
"\every man must decide if he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness \"""""
"dude, where's my rank?"
"apparently i can dance, go figure "
is disabling your proxy server a bad thing  ?
so is friday senior skip day?
"\difficulties strengthen the mind as labor does the body \"""""
"hey, i'm number one and i let gravity do my drinking "
"according to my environmental systems class i was in a car accident this morning \and died  thanks nate "
alright done packing  maybe 
holy    shit 
some old horses can't always hear their owners approaching 
"hello, again, friend of a friend "
holy shit that carnival was amazing 
