279862bc4d5522c333fedac90aaa4797
life is complicated in more than one way 
"of all days today had to be the day, i'm haveing one of those days when life hits me hard and i have to deal with issues ranging from mental to physical and everyone has to ask me what's wrong -_- not a fun day! but i'm going to do something at 12 surprise 1 to make it an ok day "
nachos+grape soda+ anime=the perfect combination for a lonely evening
"happy new years, hope everyone has a new years resolution their after this new year  joyful "
ah life is life so make what you can out of today because tommorow will have something new for you 
"blood, blood, blood, blood, agh god i'm hungry and  turned        uh never mind   "
saw the new nightmare on elm street movie  joyful 
mann i'm a go nuts just for the hell of it !!!!!! o o
dude my new classes for college don't start until the 7th  of july  yes!!!!!!!! joyful 
realizing facts for me sucks because i'll see them and its never good then i forget them and they hit me up again 
thoughts and memories of the past and future are hitting me hard but were are the ones of the present?
everyone who loves dragon ball z go to teamfourstar com and what the episodes   joyful 
french bread is amazing  joyful  -munch- -munch-
the things i wake up to      absoulty nothing!
i woke up today a t 6am   how do you people live like this  surprise 
is there a doctor in the house who has the cure for bordom? t t i think i'm deing from it doc 
i'm so full of rage right now it's so hard to not want to grab my swords and go out killing for blood    why
what is the thing people treasure the most that i cannot have?
thanx  everyone for wishing me happy birthday  joyful 
r today cleaned out <propfirst>'s car today and jamed my finger with his spare tire so its a little swollen and hurts a little  joyful  i'm an idiot and a cluts at times!
"2nd day of being 20  it feels, feels, feels the same     surprise  didn't e playful ect that!  joyful  lol"
"cutting the pain can make on wonder if its the pain of the past, presnt, or future  all that can be done is to let it flow into the repected time and either wait, take it, or move toward it!"
when someone loses their mind were does it go?
college sucks!!!!!!! playful 
my god psychological thrillers are the best and the ones i love you have to realy burn your brain out just to get the begining  joyful 
check out my new pics it a drawing i did  leave comments on 
this is what people need to think in their minds                                              !
"got back from the dentist, was not fun, the bastarder had to shoot me up four time with novacane and i still wasn't numb and before i knew it he started to drill, i felt everything and he went deep, i never asked fro the booster shot and when i told him he was surpirsed like hell!"
"don't let the dark luming cloud over my head fool you, its a pretty nice day today   joyful "
"you better stay away from me for a while my, luming clouds forcast is thunder storms! \yes its so special it has its own forcast\"""""
"the things we hold dear to us, we will lose soon enough, but the people we hold dear will be lost if they don't hold you dear too  so tell them what they are to you today and you'll see the future for a brief second "
well today my mom is doing <propfirst> <propfemale> with her friends so i'm going into to town at 1 surprise 0 and who knows when i'll be back! today is going to suck 
needs to get drunk!!!!
how do you tell when a friend is really being a friend or just someone who pushes you to the side?
"123   *poof*  \what happened?\""  what do you think happened?  \""nothing?\""  exactly!  joyful   \""sometimes i just wonder whats going on in my head \"""""
"why is it that 70% of the population can't stop a muslim victory mosque from being built at ground zero, but one atheist can get crosses removed from a soldier's grave and prayer from school ?? if you agree, please copy and re-post!! thank you"
whats true is ture and a lie is the carpet on the floor! carpets are such good liers 
"hating when you have a really good comeback to an argument, but you can't remember what it was "
well today i got my tb test and have to go back to the clto get the clinic on wed  to get the results  note: this is for a job 
"attention: to all the emo goth vampire girls out there i'm single, getting a job, and bored out of my mind please help only one position is avaliable and i'm accepting friends in the process, please save me and one lucky girl could be my new girlfriend \note: this could be a fasle add  because i'm bored out of my mind, but will accept any interviews   playful "
wishing it would rain!
got a job orientation class in the morning tomorrow  joyful  their going to teach me the how to do my job 
"you see me spaced out in public one day, you do you think i'm spacing about?"
needs to go on a killing rampage!!!!
i'm half way through one college year and now everyone is wanting me to join other colleges! its like high school all over for me - - its not fun 
"many people know that there are just somethings in this world that aren't worth fighting for, but if they only knew its worth fighting to know if it really is then they would so the worth in it all "
"got my pay check today, thought it would be less but i'm happy with it  joyful  "
"everyone loves something or other every now and then or all the time so whether its now or then or just all time, lets hear what you love and don't be afriad to shout it out as loud as you can who knows it just mit love you back  joyful "
"i have a favorite place in my mind, do you have a favorite place in your mind? please tells us what it is and what you do there, and remember its a place only you can go to  joyful "
"a tomorrow is going to be busy for me  -sighs- i never do get a break u_u got to look into my car to see what i can do, call people, and see about epic games  the only good thing is hangout with friends and epic games  joyful "
been watching the tv show <propmale> and i flipping love that show   joyful  it makes me laugh at the twisting plots  who ever make it was a genius  laugh 
today just passed as one of my most hated and ticked off days in my life!
"and another day has passed already, man my life sucks right now!"
"going to be gone for a couple of days starting tomorrow, should be back by friday at the latest, if anyone needs to talk to me text me or wait until i get online  joyful  later and happy thanksgiving everyone! eat a lot of food and have fun  laugh "
"somethings needn't be said while other need to e playful lode   for me i'm collecting the ones that e playful lode and using the ones that needn't be said to make a long fuse, so when i e playful lode it'll be massive and last forever  joyful "
"man this sucks i think i'm getting sick, i've been feeling sick since wed  and today i feel worse  sad  i hope i can go to epic games tomorrow!"
"man being sick is like hell   just without the flames and guys with pitch forks, everything else is there though  sad "
"yay!!! done with college ,until winter break is over  bad news though, i have pnemonia and i'm on antibiotics plus i had a allergic reaction to some <propmale> meds so i'm taking <propmale> pills for the allergy, and i'm done with the flu, but the cough is worse and not just because of the pnemonia! ~yay for the holidays ~"
"leaving tomorrow in the morning to l a  for a family christmas lunch and dinner then were going to give out presents and    who am i kidding its just going to be like last year eat, everyone but me gets presents and then we all go home!!! being the odd one in the family sucks at times, they never know what to get me u_u"
<propfemale> christmas people hope its a jolly <propfemale> one and what ever else it comes with     merry christmas!
"man that was some party last night, you should have been there, it was so awsome that i don't even remember it at all, hell i don't even remember how i got home!!!"
"when your making a plan and everything falls into place, you best get out of the way of the drop zone!!!"
1: what makes you think you can face earth alone? 2: the fact that i'm in the right position  1: and what position is that? 2: the window of a space station 
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are  smile     leave me a word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post a word and not copy, that's no fun  laugh "
a cut is a cut and a scar is a scar they all fade away with time but death last for those who know not of the end and forget the begining  remember what matters!
"my go just watched the shortest vid from college all about writing process, not even a minute, god wasted my time with that! lol  joyful "
"to every end there is a begining and to every begining there is an end, but the only one who came befor their own begining and never has their end is <propmale> <propmale>!"
"i forget the past so it won't haunt me later in life, but it always seem to come back "
"pokemon is forever, but <propfirst> is the only character i know who can make anything in and about pokemon dierty and perverted   laugh  lol"
"today is just not my day, it was one of those days were you know its better to just go back to bed until the next day  man i need a drink!"
"the one thing everyone needs is love, but that is the very samething that will kill us in the end! chose how to love very carefully "
today at work one of the fifth grade girls came runing up to me and told me that i look like jonny depp  this suprised me and i didn't believe it but she said she was for real  u_u
"the madness is takeing me over, its so black and you can't even see your hand in front of your face   -turns on light- oh! i can see now "
"hating everything and knowing that i know why, but just can't place it so i'm hating everything even more than ususal!"
"this morning sucked, i was enjoying last night and then the sun came up! the sun should burn in hell, it wouldn't make much of a difference there! > sad "
"i had a pretty good day today, first i tripped over a rock pretty hard, fell down some metal concrete stairs, got up and got a running punch to the face and knocked down, got up again and tackled by some huge fat kid, and the worst of it was got hit in the head by a cupcake! honestly who throws a cupcake  j k  laugh "
today sucked at work due to it being a monday  laugh  lol but i just got called up for a interview for a new position! so if everything goes right and i get the job i go two jobs that pay really good  joyful  yeah hoping for the best 
had a job interview fro a permant position today at 2:45  it ended at 3 surprise 0  it was 15 questions relating to my e playful erince to the job and a few what if's  they told me they would have someone call me at the end of the week to tell me if i got the job or not 
"yeah, pay day tomorrow! sucks most of it is going to be gone i hope i can savelike $20 i may beable to have fun then or get something to eat, i'd rather get a date and watch a movie though  -sighs- life sucks, it needs a face so i can puch it! > indecision "
"well just got word by mail about the new job, sadly i did not get it and they did not tell me why so i'm still just a sub only  oh well just got to wait for a new opening "
"scientists for health canada suggested that drinking beer makes men act like women  they tested the theory on several men and <propfemale> them six pints of beer in one hour  it was observed that 100% of the men gained weight, talkied excessively without making sense, became emotional, couldn't drive, and refused to apologize when they were wrong  \this makes it so i never drink beer \"" -_-"""
haha so happy that the snow didn't come  laugh 
damn it i just had to say something about the snow didn't i  - -
"i didn't sleep at all last night, i literally just stayed awake in the dark wait for the phone to ring for work  i wonder if it will happen tonight also "
"well leaving tomorrow at 5am to where ever helping my dad with a job thing, who care i'm getting paid, but yeah most likely going to stay up all night again, but hopefully i should get some sleep tomorrow night  if not then i'm in worse shape than i thought "
     
hating everything big time right now!
"how well do you know me? my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite soda_______, my full birthday___ ___  ___, who's the love of my life______ , my best friend_____, my favorite colors___,___, my eye color_______, my hair color______ , my favorite food________, and my moms name__________? put this as your status "
two hour delay for work due to fog  man it feels like i'm back in school! lol
getting paid on thursday so i'll get a hair cut still don't now what style to get  does anyone know where i can get a good hair cut at a great price in tehachapi (not the one in the save mart shopping area)
long story short; today was one of my worst days ever with only some good seconds in there! ~mood~ ticked off! > sad 
"patient: hey doc, will i be able to play the piano after the surgery? doc: yes you will  patient: good, because i never could play it before!"
"a: alright, another day another dollar  b: its sunday dude  a: so? b: your not getting that dollar "
ugh! i hate it when i miss a meal and go hungry because there is nothing i can eat at the  even when i do get something to eat teh pain doesn't go away  sad 
"ugh! i hate sleep, it never comes and when it finally does its a bitch "
"read in between the lines otherwise your just a stupid as the person who asked the wise man why he is called the \wise man \"""""
"april 2nd, going for a 8hr class on cpr to get my certificate adn get a security job at the middle school for a more stable pay "
"if you had someone special in your life that you wanted to be with and told them you would make them breakfast, lunch, or dinner which one would make and what would you make for them?"
"in this day and age, love has lost its meaning and now its love is lust and lust is nothing (or and std) why even bother? that is my question to the world! its messed up > indecision  it pisses me off "
so tired!
"dude who ever is into anime do i have one that you should watch if you hazen't already, shuffle is amazing, its funny at first then it gets twisted and oh my godd what the hell in the middle and then it ends with a great cute ending that the girls will aww at and the guys wanting a world like that  joyful  i doubt i could find another anime to top it in a good while!"
"if you are not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1)=crazy  (2)=i'd marry you  (3)=attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= i'd kiss you  (7)= moody  ( smile = smart  (9)= imaginative  (10)= random (11)= hot  (12)= funny as hell  (13)= fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= i'd hit you with a bundle of thorn bush roses  (1 smile = i love you  (19)= weird"
so freaking bored its not funny need something to happen that is interesting to me or i'm a lose it!!!!! x_x
"just saw the collector, and have to say it was an amazing movie and i loved it  playful  going to watch it again sometime tomorrow "
tired!!! going to do what ever now!
"today sucks, i had to work all day out side watching kids to make sure they don't get hurt at cummings valley school and now i have to go to tompkins and work from 6 smile 0 to 10 smile 0 in the freezing cold! > indecision  today is just not a warm day form me "
pop goes the weasel!  laugh 
dude last night after i got home showing  which was real quick i lost my internet connection! i spent most of the night up waiting  it sucked i just went to sleep and you know the rest 
i swear i have frost bit some where on me! today i worked out side doing nothing but stand and watch kids play outside again  sad  and it was like below freezing for me  this weather and twon sucks big time right now > indecision 
"today was ok for me, but then it turned bad due to my tummy hurting and now when i was to get something that i really needed it didn't come adn so now my day is fucked and i'm in the worst mood possible without e playful loding right now!"
"so what is everyone going to be doing for easter? you could say haveing a party, hanging with friends, or even just learning a better way to be a couch potato and find that one mythical spot that's the most comfortable in the universe  lol"
"just got back back from a good day, watched anime, work out (?), and played a game i never played before so it was pretty good, the work out was extreme and different  lol"
"sick, so sick, in so much pain its not even funny  someone just kill me now and fast!"
"finally getting over being sick, yay but now got to deal with the stuff the crap the sickness left me with  i hate it "
"mallows  smile  nom, nom, nom    annoyed \ now i feel sick again  lol"
lost is amazing i freakin' love this show!
finally almost done with college only one week to go and then my last class to get my degree   laugh 
"its nice and warm now, but for some reason i'm hating it!  sad "
"i don't feel like going tot sleep adn kind'a want to take a walk, but where to go is the problem and its kind'a boring to do it alone any ways   sad  life sucks its to borign for me right now! >:{"
"today is going smoother then planed considering i didn't have a great day yestarday nor this morning  all in all today has nice weather, but still sucks!"
       hating everything for no reason    grrr!
"ugh   so bored, need something sweet to eat!  sad "
today got the whole house to myself  joyful 
happy mother's day to all the moms out there and wish them all a good day its for them!  joyful 
man needing somethig sweet to eat right now!  sad 
"i finally got some <propfemale>, so effing happy right now!  laugh  lol"
"*cries* i have no more <propfemale>, so freaking sad right now! *cries*"
