b3a94d24540c1b65bb0d9094c9b3e8eb
going to sleeep     txt
"reminiscent of all the times ive seen, the memories i hold  never shall i forget, the people ive met, the friends ive made "
just got up   putting music on then taking a shower    cleaning afterward and then  chillen with omni hopefully   -_-
"finished cleaning and now im boreed waiting for my dad to come home so i can take his car  annoyed     work at 4 smile 0 someone come visit me at my fabulous job  \bounce 'n' party\"" woot o o lol"""
maddddd bored!!!!!
boom boom boom boom     
drinking a glass of ice tea!!!!!!!! it tastes delicious  laugh 
<propfemale> sluus is a big meanie and says im a loser!! d:
i am fiendish right now!!!!    need a little something  and noone is around   fml
im making waffflesss!!!!!!! im still tired as well -__-
"omg  my fone is not working , got shut off!!!!im pisseddd taking my anger out on walls then smoking !!!!!  playful "
phone is dead  call the house 608-4239
mad bored going to get my haircut then work at 5       fone is still off   call the crib if you want to get a hold of me 608-4239
mad bored work at 11   what a fun day it will be -_-       im going to sleep
"smoking a blunt, making some food then chillen    call the crib 608-4239"
mad bored bout to eat pizza!!!! yum!! laugh 
dont know what im doing    might be hanging out with some people calll the crib!!!
going to sleep then chillen in the am    call the crib if you want to chill tomorrow!!
"work at 10-2, chillen with <propfirst> afterwards  laugh "
"going to make breakfast, yesterday was fun,  love  <propfirst> < shes the best  laugh  and wrok at 4 smile 0 to 8"
work 4 smile 0-9 and then trying to chill with yuli laterssss  laugh 
happy 4th of july !!!!!!!!
"juts got home a few minutes ago, at sammys going to sit by a fire  laugh  hahah fone is still off -_-"
mad boreed as isss i need someone to chill with!!!!! call the crib 608-4239
still bored chillen at my house    havent smoked like at all this weekend > surprise      -__- call the crib 608-4239
sitting here waiting for <propfirst> to call    going to runs some errands of my own today which include omni!!!!!!! so if you want to talk to me     to bad o o
stilll sleepy   -_-
im sooooo boreeeedddd!!!!! call the crib   608-4239
mad hungry!!!!
mad bored     calling people to <propfemale> out and what not  call the crib
mad bored someone call me   needs to chill tonight   i want to drink as well!!!
"mad bored just woke up, no work today call the crib   "
mad bored sitting at home right now    dont know what im goignt o do with myself call the crib b is home
boreeedddd     i dont know what to do!!!!!!call the crib 608-4239
at the crib chillen waiting for b to call me     
i guess im not going out tonight b has yet to call me > >
chillen at home    call the crib
still chillen at the crib maddd bored     -_-
at the crib   
going out with b and <propfirst> to country fest!!!
bored at home going to party tonight  
bored at work ttil 5     
chillen at the crib with people
chillen at the cribb   
chillen at the crib    
at the crib with <propfirst>    chillen    you know the #
sorrry   at the crib with <propfirst>  and <propfirst>    chillen    you know the #
at the crib with the creww   ahaha   call the house
chillen with eastside  <propfemale>'s birthday is in 1:48(hr:min) lol yay!!!!!
happy birthday britt!!!!(she just slapped a slice of cheese to her forward    drunk already  annoyed )
at the crib with the birthday girl chillen waiting for tonight  annoyed 
at the crib with the birthday girl chillen waiting for tonight  annoyed   call the house
going with b to go cash her shit and get some stuff done !!! be back later
drinking tonight with the birthday girl!!!!might drunk dial some people so you are warned hehe  playful 
got to drunk last night to function     -__- never again 
"waiting for some people     <propfirst> call me asap, and i need <propmale> -__-"
at the house chillen waiting for <propfirst> to wake up    call the crib
smoking a couple of blunts  laugh 
"at home watching the booger(davey), call the crib!!!!"
at the crib chillen    you know the number annoyed 
"just woke up, still a little bit tired call the crib if you want to <propfemale> out today   "
making cookies !!!!!  laugh 
"watching scariest place on earth!!! mad funny  annoyed , still making cookies as well  playful "
those cookies were banging  laugh 
chillen at the crib waiting for <propmale> to get home  call the house!!!
waiting     
at the house <propfirst> call me when you see tthis please  laugh 
"at the house just sitting around with the baby, call the crib"
watching tv then going to go to sleep
at the house chillen being mad bored    
"at the crib chillen with eastside and watching davey, bout to go get britt   hopefully -_-"
boredom has set in right now     - -
at the house bout to go take care of bank problems    - - this shit is getting ridiculous
at the house chillen    someone call me give me something to do!!!!
"at the house chillen, have shit to do today - -"
sitting at my house want to smoke but sorta waiting for <propfirst>   
"at the house chillen, watching the child later on today     "
watching the child for awhile   
"at the house chillen for a little bit, room is shockingly clean!!!!! all fo you who have seen it before know what it looked like and can be amazed when you see  annoyed     call the crib"
hanging out with people if <propmale> does not  come home before 2  call the crib
going to clfton park be backl later    
"back home just took a dumb long test, and yea it was pretty challenging!!!!!128 questions an the last 28 were mad hard!!!! anyway call the crib    "
"at the crib chillen, someone call me or what not idc im mad bored      "
at the house call me    
chillen with brendan    call the crib
"i feel like people take advantage of me and nothing is gained from it, i feel like crap and i don't want to be bothered     in my room thinking about some stuff    if you want to contact me, don't, i'm not in the mood for other people at the moment "
at the crib     
at the house chillen waitng for people to call me     you know the number
taking a nice long shower  laugh 
"chillen at the house nothing to do, and my room is officially clean clean - -, i'm really bored if you hadn't notice    call the crib"
"bout to go to bed, back is hurting and i havent smoked all day     im bummed out  sad , call me in the afternoon if you wants to <propfemale> out tommorow   "
"i need a blunt in my life      at the house probably taking a nap, call if you want to chill"
at the house probably outside or somewhere if you dont get ahold of me might be back around 6 or 7
mowing the lawn - - fun times     
mad bored waiting for <propfirst> to come over then  were going to try and figure something out   
at the house chillen call me if you want to do something     
confused    
"sitting home, nothing to do at all around l-vill  annoyed  call the crib    "
at the house mad boreddd    
"at the house, reading a book      call"
"im going out for a walk, be around somewhere might be at blue creek for a little bit i need to get out of this house    "
"going back to sleep theres nothing to do around here anymore, call the house 608-4239"
"taking a shower and getting all clean, interview at 1 smile 0 in <propmale> park"
going to my interview at outback at 1 smile 0
"i officially work at outback in <propmale> park, woot  have a job  laugh "
"saw a blind man walk down the road across the street from hess today, a women who had just finished work was waiting for a ride outside of the 76 diner, she sat and watched the blind man walking smoking a cigarette without a hint of helping the man  seeing this kills me on the inside, how selfish people can be  how they think of themselves instead of others, i will never forgive that women, and i pray for his safety "
going to blue creek later tonight     dont ask why i just am
orientation tomorrow at 11    
at the house     
chillen with <propfirst> and a blunt at hand  laugh 
chillen at the house nothing to do       call if anyone wants to plan something - -
maad bored at the house chillen and doing absolutely nothing      
at the crib relaxing    
at the house with <propfirst> bout to eat some delicious food made by my mama  laugh 
at the house chillen with <propfirst>  
at the house chillen bout to eat food    <propfemale> dukes cooked again  laugh 
watching ghi with mom  laugh 
chillen at the house today     
at the house orientation at 1      
picking <propfirst> up at 6    
"bored going to the gym today, taking a shower in a few minutes     "
chillen with <propfirst>     txt
"i dont even know, just woke up    txt"
looking for trees      txt me
looking for trees    txt meh 8925836
doing nothing tonight work tommorow at 1  laugh     txt
always the blame of every situation     
just got home from work     chillen at the crib     txt me
at the house chillen work at 6    txt
"getting ready, work at 6     "
at the crib with <propfirst>    
"at the crib chillen, work at 6     yay o o"
taking a shower      
"chillen at the crib, need some stuff, work at 6    txt"
"getting attitude from everyone,  its not needed and they all need to get off there periods    its annoying - - txt"
"taking another shower, just mowed the lawn and now i feel gross    "
fuckin people  need to grow up    
"at the crib chillen with <propfirst>, waiting for <propmale> to come home, work at 5   txt"
"bout to drive <propmale> to wherever and then home to smoke some blunts with <propfirst>, b , and <propfemale>  laugh "
"mad hungry, kinda just woke up       txt"
at the house chillen      txt
at the crib doing something   idk yet but it will be something    txt
at the crib chillen    picking <propfirst> up at 6    txt meh im bored to shitsss - -
just baked a cake about to frost it after it cools down for a minute    its going to be delicious > laugh      txt
chillen at the crib   txt
back to school      fun!!!!!     txt
work at 5 be back whenever     
meeting at 12    work at 5        til then chillen at the crib   txt
work at 5    chillen til then   txt
at the crib til 10 then i go back to school     fun!!!! txt
reading an amazing book    the hunger games   txt
sleep  txt
at the crib chillen for a bit    txt
at the house chillen    work at 6 til then not much going on    txt
at the crib carpooling with <propfirst> to work today woot woot    fun times  laugh 
at the house chillen     waiting for people to get home    txt
at the crib    going back to school    for gym   the back home    fun!!!txt
im hungry and making foodddd       txt im at home
getting ready for school     txt
at the crib chillen    work @ 6
at the crib   i dont have my fone left it at stacy's    getting it in the am    bed - -
yuummm   sushiii  laugh 
i dont want to go to school tommroow       going to sleep once <propfirst> gets home from work     txt
at the crib chillen til <propfemale> comes home then i dont know what im gonna do     
at the house chillen     ma dukes needs to make caramel apple empanadas like now or i will be furious      txt im bored
back to school     home at 12:56     txt
work in a bit  txt
at the crib work at 5    
at the crib bout to cmoke a dutcha with <propfirst>  laugh 
at the crib chillen  txt
at the crib chillen watching davey for a little bit    work at 6 hopefully mom gets home on time today     
at the crib chillen   work @5     hanging with <propfirst> til then    txt
sitting at the crib doing nothing      eating some cereal  
chillen til <propmale> gets home then off to do some business
home   chillen for a little bit    work later        text it  laugh 
home      txt
at the crib doing nothingg       absoulutely bored     txt
boredddd      going to work with stacy      txt
chillen at the crib    txt
is very bored and wants to go to sleep but cant        txt
schoool in an hr sleeping til then -__-
chillen     txt
getting ready work @6     fun time!!!! - - txt
at the crib chillen      txt  laugh 
chillen with the peeps you know how it is  playful      txt it up !!!1
at the crib until 1:20 then p e  time        work later      txt
ath the crib mad bored       waiting for <propfirst> to get out of work     txt
chillen at the crib mad bored      txt
work at 6  til then chillen at the crib for a few      txt
breakfast with <propfemale> dukes       school laters     its my birthday!!!!!  laugh     txt meh
"at the crib eating,shower, work          -_- fun times txt meh"
<propfemale> chirstmas everyone!!!!!thank you to all who sent me a txt at like 1 in the morning wishing me one  laugh 
work at 5 smile 0 til close       txt
at the house chillen    txt
"chillen with some people, bout to smoke a dutchie with sammmy, and b   txt  im mad bored "
bout to <propfemale> out with some very important people     txt
at the house chillen        bout to play some need for speed o o       laugh  txt
chillen with some people     txt
my bank is all fucked up       reversal on my check i dont even know why      txt
happy new year!
sleep    
going to sleep       g' night   txt
mad boredddddd        chillen at the crib  txt
"drop it, hit it, dump it, split it, don’t stop, (get it, get it)"
takeing a shower    getting ready     work at 5     txt
at the house chillen     seirously boreeedddddd     someone txt me or something
sleep   txt
"taking shower, then getting ready for work @6    fun times    txt meh"
mmmmmmmmm chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and chocolate chips on top         muy delicioso    txt
work @5       txt
chillen at the crib     work at 4 to close      txt
chillen with some people    txt
chillen      txt 8925836 <propfemale> supa boreddddddd    
reading a book    txt
at teh crib chillen with my girl      txt
chillen at the crib    txt
chillen at the crib      txt
getting ready for work @5     txt
"school, mad boreddd      txt"
never knew how important you are to people til your about to leave    txt
1 day left        txt
goodby shaker !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i will not miss you  laugh         txt
meeting @ 12     txt
understanding life is only the beginnning    txt
haha i win <propfemale>  love  you more  laugh 
doing laundry     txt
work @ 5      txt
at the house chillen    txt 8925836
backyardigans with davey       noooooo i <propfemale> tot be shot! d:     txt
gettting ready for work at 5     txt
chillen a the crib     txt
watching some tv shows right now with nora       fun times!!!!!!  annoyed 
chillen with peoples later     txt meh  laugh 
"contemplating the events that ly ahead, ever changing, never lasting  something become solid, something to make sense  freeze the time and stand still  take a breath and live      txt"
"dont know what to with myself, waiting for <propfemale> to get out at 12, work tonight   it feels weird not to have school     "
fone is dead     
my fone is broken!!!!!!  sad  im so sad right now     i would say txt at this point but you cant txt me cause its broken d:      wahhhhhh < sad 
off to go get a new fone     hopefully  
"going for a walk in the woods   clearing these thoughts in my head, there ever troubling images  i need to figure things out and to what my next step in life will be  where will i go and how will i get there is still a mystery "
i have a simple question and i hope someone can give me a proper answear   why is money existant? (i dont want the answear so we can buy things cause that doesnt answear the question ) sooo why is money existant?
"cleaning my house, showering, then going to look for a second job   fun times  txt"
taking shower    
mmmmm frosted flakes       o o txt
im seeing spots      o o i dont kow why though      it is not cool
off to pay some bills wihth ron   fun times    txt
"work @ 6, fun times happen only at outback  laugh  come visit me eat a bloom, ill be bored do it!!!!!  playful "
chillen at the crib    dont kno what to do   playing tales of symphonia o o no judging  laugh 
bored at the house   txt me
"some of the greatest joys in life, are those around you  <propfemale> the moments that are left "
"chillen at the crib, dont know what to do with myself     txt"
work 6 to close    txt
chillen at the crib    doing absolutley nothing    txt
"shower, then idk what im going to do  txt"
ooo nooooo     
"hanging onto that string of life, watching the world pass by  (\\"")( annoyed )(\""\"")"""
chillen with som cool peoples     txt
work at 5   come visit  laugh 
work  5 to close     
taking a shower then i dont know what im going to do    txt
fixing my comp so i have space    txt
chillen with <propfirst> for a little bit  laugh 
sooo boredd chillen at the house   someone txt me or something
"lost in the minds of melodious musicians, entranced in the music, watching the  part of life that meant so much pass on by "
does anybody know where time flies to?
shower then bed woot fun    
"something about today doesnt feel right, ill let you know when i find out o>o"
"chillen with <propfirst> for a bit, new events each day, same times     whats next?"
chillen at the house listen to that which imminates sound o o
cause i got time and she got freedom   
work at 5 til whenever       txt
just to try makes a difference  
taking a shower     
"chillen at the house, watching the moving pictures in the little black box      oh no!!!!! someone stopped recording my show early > surprise !!! they shall die!"
checking the ice box for something to eat o o
"chillen at the house     silence is always a blessing, hearing words to clear a path to the end  o o"
chillen at the crib watching scaryyy moviess  laugh  fun times  
chilllen with the peoples     do it up old skool yooo!!!!!!  smile 
loves <propfemale> garcia and <propfemale> <propfemale>!  love 333
chillen at the crib    txt
good night! sweet dreams! and everything in between  annoyed 
chillen at the house being bored as usual   
i dont want to walk solo  
just cleaned entire house and is now exhausted      going to do that unmentionable deed  annoyed  txt
i miss the old times    those were the best o~o
"just sliced my middle finger, and now it hurts like a mean bitch  sad  work at 6 should be fun"
chillen with haley    txt
happy st pattys day hanging out with <propfirst> for the day wooot txt
"tonight was a little something else     not going to be doing that anymore    i declare i am not a drinker,  nor will i ever be so dont ask me to drink   ill stick to what i know best, and yalll know what im talking about  playful "
chillen at the crib got a new laptop  woot!!!
open your mind to new possibilities   
cleaning my room     should be a fun time      work at 4  txt
at the house chillen    txt
work at5 to close    
chillen at the crib    you know how it is - -
shower    chillen at the house    txt
chillen at the house bout to make breakfast for me and <propfirst>      woot  laugh 
laundry and then i dont know maybe something else but it undecided    txt
chillen at the crib     breakfast then doing it up old skool yo  annoyed 
chillen at the crib     txt
i so saddd     no one is around to do it up with me     and <propfirst> is a big meanie head    curse you!!!!!
yess   me and <propfirst> share the same thought process hahahah fear it  playful 
at the house chillen    boreddd txt
"up to no good in this white neighborhood  never  seems as if there is a terrible disease adrift, our little villiage of latham  im dying in this bored state of mind   <propfemale> me away from all the silence"
work at 5     txt
rise and shine     up and at em      the early bird catches the worm     i dont give f**k about no dam worm!!!!let me sleep  >:i god!
taking that daily shower thing you know     that time where you wash away the stink    i dont know how people couldnt shower     *shivers* grrrroooossssss  annoyed 
hmmmmmm      im supposed to go for a run today but i dont know when         txt
chillen with hay boo     doing it old skool yo  annoyed 
doing it up with hay boo  love 
i love <propfemale> <propfemale> like woaaaaaaaah!
"i hate it when people are so obnoxious , so freaking rude, ignorant, mindless, and think they are superior to all, and if you know me then you know exactly who i am talking about "
"taking shower, then work at 4     fun times   "
sleeeeeppppp     
"hello world, brand new day     what to do is a mystery?"
sleeppp 
let your dreams fly and your heart soar cause when you come back everything will have changed
boredddd     nothing to do       txt
yayyyyy     finally someone to loveee  laugh     i love you ay gsta  laugh 
girls have a button  boys have a pole  wicked touching could take its toll  annoyed 
work at 4   til then chillen at the crib 
wow im so boredddd       txt meh
loveing the back in the day buffet woot    love me some oldies  annoyed 
the sun is shining in my window making it impossible to go to sleep again    so it better be warm today   4 20    you know how we do 
chillen at the crib    nothing to do   
i love <propfemale> <propfemale> sooo much!
at the house cleaning     so fun    txt
nothing new    woke up    and now im going back to sleep
off to work for the day    should be hella fun!!! x x
click clik bloody pancake   love stewey
jamming out to jamz 96 3    
sleepp    
at the crib chillen     work at 6
saw sevendust and saving able at outback tonight    fun times lol
fun times in the dark o o
chillen at the crib with <propfemale> dukes and davey   
getting ready for work at 5      txt
chillen at the crib!!!!
hanging out with <propfemale> and all them peoples     txt
listening to music cleaning the house      my life is exciting o o
getting ready for work @6    
"supa bored in the crib    trying to make it clean wtf!!!! how does it get so dirty, and why am i always cleaning    i have no life - -"
chillen with <propfirst> for a bit    work at 6 txt
chillen with <propfemale> and shana    be out for the night !!!!! txt it up  annoyed 
"last night was <propmale> fun, i wish it didnt have to end  off to bigger and better things  prom tonight have alot of preperations to handle   errands all day     txt"
off to stacys to <propfemale> out for a bit     be back laters  
prom with hay-boo!!  love  love  love 
at the emergency room
at the house    chillen
at the crib chillen     txt it up im bored and ive nothing to do!!!!
mowing the lawn then tanning woot!!!
chillen in the yard getting some sun
chillen at the crib watching supernatural
mmmmm eggs  toast  and sausage    good way to start off my day
dib drank the last soda!     he will payyyyy!!!!
some say i eat to much  some say not at all   i say if its good       ill eat it  annoyed   
somehow in the end    i will be gone   
chillen with <propfirst> watching movies   
chillen at the crib    txt
woot spice world  laugh   bwahahahahh
chomp!!     slurp!!!      chomp!    slurp!!     someone please!!! make it stop! make it stop!!!! nyaaaaa annoyed 
chillen at the crib watching movies    txt it up!
loveeee watching asian movies    there sooo bloody and gorey and all that good stuff
chillen at the house   no work today  txt
boredddd at the crib    txt
watching a movie    txt
playing super <propfirst> 64 woottt!!!! i feel like a kid again  laugh 
cleaning me house     txt meh
its amazing how fast time flies    we were just kids 4 yrs ago
chillen at the crib   work @ 6     txt
congratulations to all those who end their highschool career today!!!! there so much more to look forward too  laugh 
chillen at the crib    txt
hanging out with hay boo til she gets out of work   
chillen at the crib   work at 6
up and about   cant sleep  txt meh
work at 3 smile 0     txt
come and visit me at outback in <propmale> park!!!
chillen at the house with <propfirst> and <propfirst>!!!
at the house chillen     txt
chillen at the crib    txt
chillen with <propfirst> for a min   txt
at the crib chillen with b    txt
at the house    txt
"in the morn the sun shall rise  the <propfemale> shall fall, and a shroud of white shall lay upon the ground    heh heh maybe  annoyed "
work til when ever    txt
chillen at the crib   txt
up and about   i need some dd in my life    
"life is a mystery  taken to places afar, a journey to unfold    txt"
chillen at the crib till work at 3 smile 0
ehh     i get to sleep now   - -*   
chillen with hay boo!!!   txt
watching <propfemale> in wonderland     wondering were im gonna wake up  annoyed 
chillen at the crib maddd  boreddd   txt
doing it up with samhain( hes a dragon  smile 
work at 4    txt
"in the end, we forgive, those who have done wrong   to leave the place, of stories told  begin again your life unfolds     congratualations shaker graduating class of 2010!!!!"
woke up with my pants on sideways o o  
chillen at the crib with <propfirst> 
at the crib chillen   txt
playing best game ever!
work at 11 smile 0   so not going to be a good day  sad 
chillen at the crib    phones off 
chillent at the crib  call the house if you want to chill 
"chillen , doing it up m s then sleep"
soooo      i lost draco my favorite piece  and im deeply saddened over it  tore up and cleaned entire house looking for him   sad   
"in the end, the world changes in the blink of an eye, your life changes with each breath  beginning to end  the time is now for our life to start anew  it is only but a short time before the last breath seeps through the ever closing lips, before the last tear rolls down the cheek to find a resting place in the earth "
i think its time for my midnight munchies     laugh 
six flags!!!!!! all night longggggg   alll nighhhttt    
home   six flags was mad fun! need to go again   sleep
chillen at the crib   txt
sleep  work at 12 
"at dunkin donuts, chillen with <propfemale> boo"
sleep     work at 330
"going to cicis pizza for luinch  laugh , im so excited ^ ^"
bout to eat some cici's pizza for the first  time!!  laugh 
chllen at the crib  work @ 4
driving home from work    plans txt?
workk   tyler txt me at like 920
driving home
in a bad mood    txt
at the crib chillen   work at 4     
well im hungry    anyone want to go out to eat?
i love <propfemale> <propfemale> more than everything  the end 
at  the crib chillen  fun filled day ahead  laugh   txt
mowing the lawn while <propfemale> <propfemale> chills in the room like the pretty <propfemale>  she is 
taking a shower    
"in the midst of life, we all stop and think, is this where i'm going?"
missing you already   sad 
chillen at the crib work at 3 smile 0    txt
what do you do when there is nothing left holding you back    
work til whenever     txt    god i miss u haley love 
hoping for the best   txt
soooo bored     txt
chillen at the crib    txt
watching tv    dont know what else to do   txt
day off    chillen    txt
omg immmm <propfemale>     bored   txt
chillen at the crib    txt
running some errands     txt
chillen at the crib   day off   yay!! txt
umm     
chillen til 3 smile 0 then off to work     txt
"all men dream, but not equally  those who dream by \night in the <propfirst> recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that\ it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they \may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible ~t e  lawrence~"
shower   work at 330
waiting for my laundry to finish    kinda hungry  dont know what to make??
chillen at the crib     hoping something will happen    txt
work from 3 smile 0 to whenever    txt
wtf!!!! come home from work and i have to do more shit  fck! im doing it big and going to sleep  
day offf    relaxing!!!!
"taking a shower then going to pick <propfirst> up     fun times!!!\beautiful day as well  laugh "
bitchslap with <propfirst>  playful 
listening to music while brit straightens her hair is sooooo funn!
sleep!!!>
showering and getting ready for work   should be fun - -
soooo bored    got a new house number    7850518   
bout to go get foodd    
watching tv   
chillen with <propfemale> til work at 4     should be a fun time  playful 
you wack bitch! get over youself!!!!
"showa then to b's to pick her stank butt up , maybe food on the way home"
sleep    (~ ~) zzzzzzzzz    no work tommrow
chillen at the crib     nothing to do   
shower then off to work at 4    ~not going to be home tonight~
home     
wtf    2 seconds after i get home <propmale>  has to start his shit   wtf!
homeeee    
im going to fcking kill him if he doesnt stop his shit! im getting really fking tired of lazy people who think im here to do there work!
in the end    there is nothing to be gained  i apologize that i'm not up to par with everyones e playful ectations   
"my mind is running a million mph, only problem   im stuck at 0 "
work @ 4
chillen at the crib    
chillen at the crib!!!!!! fun times
at the crib watching that box with the moving pictures      
sleep    
home    
work @ 1       then to <propfirst>'s  laugh 
home from stacy's had a blasty > laugh         love you <propfirst>      work at 4   till then g'night ~ ~
showerrrr!!!! then work at 4   
home   thinking of what needs to be done    
at the crib chillen    work at 4
mmmmm egggs and pancakekes > laugh  delicious
chillen at the crib with b     work at 330   fun timesss
getting ready for work      fun
chillen at the crib bored as fk***
chillen at the crib    work at 330   fun!
hommmmeeeee     dont know what to do    
cleaning  then showa    afta that ive no clue
who wishes for 2 gay guys and a chinese kid for their birthday? hahahahahahahahh
chillen at the crib bored as fk!
at the crib chillen    work at 4    so much fun!!!
sleep    
think im getting sick     this is so not fun - -
chicken noodle soup  laugh  yummm!!
sleep sounds good    
ohh my    i feel    i feell      hungry!!!!!!
low and behold you are eating maggots
chillen at the crib     
love halloween    micheal myers rawr > surprise 
thats sadddd postivac is covered by medicare   what is this world coming too    your old you dont need babies > surprise 
doing it up old skool with halloween in the background  playful 
chillen at the crib  getting ready for work at 330
home     
showah!!!!
soooo showah then sleep sounds good   dont ya think?
wtf! you are never getting a cent out of me again     i need gass for my car     yea way to fking spend it on booze you fking drunk!
doing it up on that thing that i cant mention  playful 
chillen at the crib   nothing to do but waste the night away 
"yea i may be 19 but i still luvvvv my candiii!!!!! > laugh \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zcyyyyyyyyus"
showah then sleep   
chillen at the crib       
sleep    maybe
awake    thats about it
chillen at the crib   
sleep     its possible  playful 
sooo a shower sounds good   
oooo <propfemale> bored     what to do    what to doo     - -
chillen with b til she goes to work    fun times  laugh 
homeee     
"shower  sleep   sounds good  laugh \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zcyyyyyyyyus"
shower then getting ready for    what was it? oh yea     work  playful 
home!   
sleep    
work at 1130   should be fun   maybe   
watching celeb ghost stories with <propfemale>    
shower   maybe sleep    thats maybe i dont stay awake with my eyes closed    
babysitting is always funn     work at 4  
chillen at the crib      what to do    what to doo    i miss my haleyboo     come back to me noww!!!
sleep   
out to lunch with b 
sleep sounds good   
finally going to sleep      
severly annoyed in point 2 seconds    need to do it old skool      <propfemale> boo i miss you come back into my life and help relieve this stress with one of you many hugs i shall recieve in in 11 days
home watching paranor<propfemale>l shyt    fun times with the <propfemale> dukes
taken a shower and heading out   
work 5 to whenever    
sleep
chillen at the crib  bout to scoop <propfirst>
mmmmm smelling nice and fresh  laugh 
chillen with <propfemale> dukes tonight    
sleep 
chillen at the crib    
im sooooooo excitedd   i get to see my <propfemale> boo tommrow
showahh!!!! waiting for a certain someone to call me
mmm breakfast at 2  laugh 
chillen at the crib cant wait to see my haleyboo
playing black ops til i have to go to work     hopefully can be out in time for <propfemale>'s arrival
work at 330      then hanging out with hayboo
awake    work at 4
at the house chillen    maybe going out later
work at 1130 
misssing my hayboo already  sad 
"go ahead and go bang,  go and bang like youve never bung before"
work at 6 to cl      
slllllleeeeeeppppp
getting ready for work at 6
sleep     
bout to do it up on some goood shyt!!!
"mad fun with the girls tonight!!!! <propfirst> white ,<propfemale> rumrill , and <propfemale>   love "
chillen at the crib   
like really     who are you to be concerned with my money  its not yours    you didnt earn it    you dont even have a job     so maybe if your feeling inadequate about yourself go get a freakin job
so my birthday is in 12 daysss!!!! 12 days till i turn 20! holy shyt im old
chillen at the crib     doing absolutely nothing to do     
"go take a flyin’ leap of faith off a fuckin’ balcony\‘fore i shove a falcon wing up your fly ass\you know what time it is, so why ask?"
sleep sounds like a plan   
thanks everyone for my birthday wishes!!  laugh 
sooooo at least this time i did not die > laugh 
"movie, shower, then work at 4   should be fun!!!"
work 4 to 9 come buy some gift cards!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!! laugh 
sleep     
"breakfast, shower , then work at 11 smile 0    "
work at 4 kinda of annoyed 
work @ 1130 til whenever
at the crib chillen     
work 4 til whenever     
cleaning meh room    
dont hate me cuz im beautiful  smile 
backs killing      sleep
awake       no plans for today   
ohhhh <propfemale>!!!!!
work from 4 til whenever
chillen at the crib waiting for <propfemale> <propfemale> sullivan  to come home
work 12 til whenever 
mmmmmmml     enjoying this delicious cup of hot cocoa 
no those weren't air quotes    i was just practicing on what i want to do to her eyes
playing some b ops then cleaning the house   
sleep sounds about right     ~ ~
work 12 til whenever     
shower    tv   sleep    fun night tonight 
sooo this weather sucks booty!!!!
b ops    
"room is clean   laundry,shower, errands, home then nothing    "
love it when i black out    - -
work 12-4 at the dd come visit me  laugh 
work 12 - 5  come visit me  laugh 
home    
sleep so early   
chillen at the crib with <propfemale> dukes 
"shower, laundry   then i dont know what  day off with nothing to do "
"chillen with b  today, getting my hair chopped  laugh  fun day ahead  plans for the night?"
maybe some green and b ops ?
ghost pro what?
workkk     
oh how i've longed for sleep     
at the crib chillen    
"workout, shower, work 1-9 "
workout  shower  work  my days are becoming to repetitive - -
work 1-9 come visit me!!!!
thinking of making some delicious cookies!!!!!!
"laundry, tea, relaxation period     work at 4 - -"
love it when someone decides to use m car and leave me with a half tank of gas    thanks a$$hole   now i f**king hate you!
hi my name is <propfirst> and i dont log out of my facebook!!! lol
work 1-9 come visit me at the dd > laugh 
workout  shower  then fixing my car- -
*woot* i have turn signals now!  laugh 
"workout, shower, work     what a fun eventful day - -"
"cleaning bedroom, workout, day of relaxing   hopefully o o"
so ive come to the conclusion that all i need for my car is a circuit breaker     hopefully- -
"workout, clean room, shower, find something to do?"
annoyed    gonna take a shower
work at 1-9 come visit me
work 1-9 come visit
hanging out with b 
sooo bored     way to fall asleep on me <propfirst> 
errands   
work 6-cl     maybe  playful 
hosting instead of bussing      sooooo happy!!
work 1-9 come visit me laugh  you know you want some hot chocolate  playful 
chillen at the crib
chillen at the crib til work at 1    fun times
work 1-9 come visit me!
home from work early tonight> thank you snow     call the crib
ohhhh yesss scray movie 2!!!!
making a buttload of cupcakes for b 's baby shower tommorow - -
ohhh yay i get to bake all night     this should be a fun filled night  laugh  cookies and cupcakes galore
sooo flipping bored      nothing to do
still not done baking   britttni you better love me for this > surprise 
sooo im done baking for a good year or so  playful 
chillen with <propfemale> dukes  work at 5
work 5 to whenever     plans after?
getting ready for work at 1 fun times 
work 1-9 come visit me (i get really bored so i would love whoever comes )  laugh 
sleep    lots of cleaning tommorow  spring where you at?
"love waking up to the power going off,going back to sleep, and then waking up again as it turns on     hate the snow!"
soooo a tree fell on my road      this snow isn't playing around!
waiting for b  to pick me up
brittnis about to pop  10 mmin apart i guess
ugghhhhh       work 1-9 come visit me  laugh 
"cleaning shower, then nothing      anyone want to do something today?"
britts in labor
"omg baby <propmale>, your are the cutest baby ive ever seen  love "
ughhhh im awake     thats all im saying     
home 
hmm  sleep i guess
doing <propfemale>'s laundry     o o
"\what school do you go to?\""\",b3a94d24540c1b65bb0d9094c9b3e8eb,yay    i should have a fone by tuesday if not sooner  laugh !!!!!!
sleep 
mmm yogurt and caprisunn
yesss love watching the leprechaun
multipass       > laugh 
sooooo    love how my dinner consisted of a few baby carrots and yogurt  with a milkyway for desert  playful 
mmm chicken nuggets and fries     
uggghhhh i want my phone right nao !!!!!!!
        - -   work at 5   
new phone     yay   
"getting that good shyt    txt \phone is good"
chilten at the crib      might get some outback for lunch
love it when my mom cooks    everything she makes is so delicious
sleep
so what the f is with this snow
getting ready for work at 1
come visit me il give you coffee 
someone come visit me at work
i'm hungry   will someone bring me food
five guys with <propfirst>
mad ffries left
work is boring
making brownies    yummy
so someone needs to come visit me
hello world i'm still awake o o
shower     getting ready for work
who wants to see insidious april 1st
sleep   
can  someone tell me where i go for this osi thing
was the steak e playful ert course the only one i need to do by today?
shower then running around for a little bit
i'm so excited for the hunger games movie
people at mc <propfirst> are stupid!!!!!
fun night ahead!!
i don't know  home then sleep?
work is hella fun   
