7c5161fe5a9619f562491c5ccd4a47e1
"what's on your mind?  \peanutbutter\"" yes"""
went to play basket ball had no ball tried to use my head but it just would not bounce high enough? ha ha
i don't get it what is the purpose of life? to big a question! i guess i will just go to bed and try to forget the question 
just getting home from a 12 hour shift in the bowls of hades   turns out that if you allow a moron in you can't blame him when he lights his bed on fire! thankfully a lot of mentally disabled persons were their to crowd into the burning room to watch otherwise the fire department might have been able to put it out before he died  p s  you can't fight a fire with your fists
"thinking about building a remote controled boat, but am torn between building a sailing ship or a freighter?"
woke up by a brothers call  learned mother coming to town hope to see them tomorrow 
oh god why i am dieing on the inside oh why i think i will use blue this time! you know for the aesthetic of it all 
went walking this morning and the cops stopped me for no reason! after they were done with the cavity search they refused to return my swords! who do they think they are  since when can a man not run down main st waving his long sword in the air screaming death to the infidels! of course i am an infidel i guess i was asking them kill me  would this be suicide and the bigger question having died a maytr do i still get
just waking up to start my day  looking forward to a long guiet night 
just getting home from work looking forward to some mind numbing paperwork 
oh god the paperwork is mad iam trying to out run it noooooo
attack is over the papers have left me beardless
back at work worky worky work
well i guess if your making spiced roast beef you should make sure to watch the spices used   after i awoke from the coma caused by that first bite i decided less spice! i just hope that the swelling in my mouth goes down 
"just getting off work 10 hour shift   i loved every <propfemale>, spent the whole night doing paperwork   the corperate audit begins tomorrow "
called mom but woke her up   decided to act like it was for something else and then call her tomorrow for the birthday 
wondering if killing corperate auditors is still considered murder or a public service?
getting alittle annoyed with the people at work   money is money if someone gives you 32 dollars in ones for a room you don't tell them you can't because you don't want to count it!  also wondering if i should shave for the beach or not? does it really matter if i have a beard when the hit peng shows up?
going to work can't wait to leave on sunday just hope it works out
found <propfemale>'s apartment it is far greater than my own  boo hoo    why oh why must my apartment be so much smaller than her palace!!!!  oh how i wish i had a window in my bathroom to strut naked before like her 
memory form i doubt i will ever get my own before the hit <propfemale> gets me 
they are trying to kill me here   why would i want to swim with sharks do i really look that crazy   ok maybe i do 
finally back in my cage   would have stuck it out longer but i have to go to work and the others were starting to throw temper fits 
woke for work still can't find my cell and still coughing up blood   think i might have torn out my own lungs
lost phone internet and no wait lost sanity a long time ago so i am not sure it counts
thinging about trying to work in the porn industry but the only jobs seem to be in gay porn or undergoing sex change to be a woman i am leaning toward producer though so it should be ok
off to work
