5c166d5a29e1a1fb2ae2ad1bfa0377ff
fringe is almost on!!!
was at the hospital last night  smile  it was really cool  watched the crna do his thing and the rns as well  going again tonight from 7pm - 3am going to see some deliveries tonight 
"if you want to see more of her pictures than go on her website \orbitgal com"
lol starting to see why all the married woman say dont do it!!!! ahahahaha boys have their period week too
k no problem  smile  where are you going?
seems like all good things come to an end  people can be so perfect and just out of nowhere change everything that was so great  leaves you wondering what the hell just happened   and why was i so blind not to see it coming 
just back from camping  glad to be home in my own bed  way comforting
for once im exctited to wait in those long ass lines registration day  cant wait to see my friends!!!
mom took my sister and i shopping yesterday  got lots of cute clothes for the new year  it was so much fun and took my mind off things 
i'm so hungry and moms cooking chili   uggghhhh smells good 
watched step up yesterday with my old friend bobby  haven't seen him in forever   smile  cool movie lots of dancing and great music 
lol dancing at home by myself   how sad     wink 
im soooo freakin tired  no sleep last night  anyone wanna tlk?
bummed
"lol \just fine\"" <propfirst> j  blige"""
i havent heard it in so long!!!
lol u all b laughing if u see me now lol hhahahahhahaha  
and this is why im a bando biggest escape ever
"\tell me when to go\"" lol i love my tv hahahaha awesome music!!!"""
lol im such a bad cook  wink  lol im hungry though so it will have to do  miss my mom lol  no good food for 4 days
lol im talking to myself pratically  21 of my friends on but no one to talk to    sad  oh well
"\how far we've come\""  matchbox twenty"""
stupid dog  time to walk again  too dang hyper
ortho apt today  braces coming off in like november  maybe even sooner because they look almost done  find out soon  laugh  yayy lol  
hate how people do one thing and say another  i swear can't you just decide?? confused child  wink  gonna sit back now and laugh at the silly things soon to come    
"e playful ecting a great year  lots of work, but going to be way interesting and fun "
going to la tonight!!! taking more pics lol 
the script- breakeven (falling to pieces)
got to love the bieber when usher is involved lol  wink 
gosh usher is like total eye <propfemale>!!!!!!  surprise  can't help but stare lol
mom and dad coming back!!!!! now i don't have to be alone with <propmale>  smile 
band camp tomorrow!!!!!!! yaaaayyyyyyy
so <propmale> year i wanna meet new friends and <propfemale> out with my old ones   but i also need to be studying a lot  need to get straight a's all year  anyone wanna come to my house after class and study  do hw  i hate doing it alone gets too boring  
don't you just love how you can eat anything and work out for 20 minutes and have your body look even better??
change     a word that can be good and bad 
gonna go practice trumpet after i change into different clothes  bye love you all
"kidswithspecial needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want, to be accepted "
trying to look for an old friend  sad  can't seem to find him anywhere
"anyone know an <propfirst> barajas? i swear i've looked everywhere for him  i doubt you guys do, but its worth a try "
"\a beautiful flower begins its life in the dirt \"" - author unknown"""
time for bed  see my bandos tomorrow  laugh  hope we go get tacos or something for lunch   mmuuaahhhhh nighty night everyone
wowza my lips hurt  very tired  im learing how to play trumpet this year
was it just me or was marching for the opener really simple  it just seemed like follow the leader  i mean what the heck?
fun day at camp  wink  really cool freshmen this year
man fantasia can sing her butt off!! mom told me to look up song by her and i found one i really like 
wow we got popsicles by whatley today  that's a first  really cool of him  been a great week guys i feel like we going to be a kickass band!! lol at least people will get to see something good at fb games  lol jk jk you guys know we love you
i just hate it when you come on here to talk to someone and he's not even online lol  its like dang it maybe next time lol 
omg im so bored lol added bunch of likes hahahaha
man its getting late lol
hahaha funny seeing a boy on then logg off and the sis is on  hehehe obvious she kicked his butt off lolz
"just call me bri  shorter, cutier, and less serious"
whhooaaa my hands just got really cold!!!!
people are just so immature  hate it when they think its all about them  has to get involved and make a scene  
aaahhh sundays  smile  sooo relaxing
goodnight facebook
did you guys know that if you feed your dog grapes or raisins they wil die  surprise    
going to mall!!!!!
"for some reason the movie jumanji came into my mind, anyone seen it?"
 surprise  just found out theres a girl with my name who sings country music and one is my fav song what the hell?
hehehehehe jux plucked sis eyebrows lol soooo funny hearing her say owww  oowwww lol hahahaha im evil
you know you are short when you go to register your sis in middle school and there are eleven year olds taller than you  sad 
weird how all my ha classes were really small  they need to even it out  
back from big bear!!!!
eeewwwww i gotta do hw
man talking to three people at once can get confusing lol   
lol funny seeing your almost 86 year old grandma drinking beer hahaha
just ate my sisters strawberry cheesecake!!! it was great
well the end of the day was good
big brother came today  wink  so glad to see him
"hahaha \im gonna run his @$$ over when i see him\"" lol i love my mom"""
lost to <propfemale> last night how sad  sad  but at least the band was good  smile  first performance this year  had lots of fun with the bandos
so i joined the gsa club and got convinced to do glee club as well  this is going to be a very interesting year  
yes pizza tonight  smile    
man i havent been on here in forever  hi there friends  smile 
hhmmm chocolate milkshakes bring happiness
you know when you are a band geek when your caught carrying around a huge case around school  because you actually practice
"\you sound like an ice-cream truck driving off of a cliff   \""\",5c166d5a29e1a1fb2ae2ad1bfa0377ff,the most annoying thing i hear is when two people say their in love  but what has it been two weeks?? hahaha people are so dumb and blinded at this age  
wow im tired chocwalk ws fun though  dont forget ha dress for success is tomorrow  and newspapers due
are any of my band friends going to the away game friday??
missing him  sad 
tick faster stupid clock
ahhh the beginning of something great
ggrrr gotta study for science and geometry tonight  plus hw  sad 
wow home game next friday  then saturday is band comp and homecoming dance!! no rest betweeen too  surprise  haha be tired
happy halloween everyone!!!!
i got a great dress for homecoming yaayyyy <propmale> pennys rule guys got a whole selection of dresses in red black and white
there should be a dislike button for fb
wow the dance was <propfemale> much fun last night!!!!
at grandmas  laugh \\n
four day weekend!!!
haha getting bored and taking those quizzes
hmm i wonder what would happen if i add someone with the same name as me  i mean how could they say no to their own name haha
marching band over  now i can focus on my classes  andd yaayy concert band  smile 
yes tomorrow my favorite holiday!!!!
got a very spolied puppy  mom is actually making him home made dog food  lol but we all love deuce
haha carls last nite  laugh 
"inbox only!! 2010 is almost over,confess one thing you've always wanted to tell me, put this ad your status and see what you get!!  smile "
<propfemale> proud of my baby!!!!!  smile 
lots to do before break begins  annoyed 
hugs and kisses to all my bandos!!!
the greatest thing just happened to me and im still crying because of it  i just found my long lost sister  no joke  hope i get a response from her soon  
im really hating the rain  annoyed  gonna watch a movie
grrr boys can be <propfemale> <propfemale>  you know what i mean  sad !!!!
grrr i wanna go outside and play on the swings haha
 sad  can't watch my baby wrestle today *tear tear* doing hecka good though  wink  wayy to goo handsome
"because im bored\\type your name: <propfemale> thomas\type your name with your elbow: bvgriuazn na thoimasa\type your name with your nose: g4imqahhqqqqq thomas\type your name with your eyes closed: bruuabnna thomas\\hahaha wowzza"
so i  am going to have a white christmas after all  smile  sweet!!!
 love  ill stop the world and melt with you  smile  i want chocolate now haha and yaayy <propfemale> up in the mountains but still snow  laugh 
wishing everyone a awesome christmas with family and friends 
sweet got a trampoline!!! wife   daughter(aka <propfemale> and josy) gots to come over now      smile 
"yaayy internet back \whoop whoop\"""""
well today sucked!!!!! i just wanted to sleep and the teachers were hecka boring  i wish i stayed home
yaayyy  laugh  braces coming off friday  cant wait for a snickers bar and haha <propfemale> bunches of oats
free and single  hello new year!!  smile 
peanut butter and green apples yumm  laugh 
mall after school all you ladies are free to come  laugh  gonna be lots of fun messing with dudes  wink 
omg i have pink highlights!!! trying to wash out so far ive done it 8 times   stupid haha once its out im jux gonna dye it more blonde  
hahaha <propmale> stopped the donut drive-thru  laugh  lmao
omg i had the funniest dream last night!! lol i was kissing <propmale> potter hahahaha  sooo random
i think i copied down the wrong <propfemale> for geo hw  anyone in my zero have it  annoyed 
lol im gonna give you a big hug  wont know what hit you  love  love you always
"please copy and paste this into your status if   you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% of people won't re-post this      why? because they probably need a punch in the face     "
grr trying to do tht poem but my person doesnt even have her bday on here  i know nothing  bout her  oh well guess its time to bs
"went shopping with mom and sis today  haha it was hilarious  \gggrrrrrrrr\"" at little asian girl lol she was <propfemale> scared <propfemale> funny  wink """
i feel like a murder  stupid english   this poem thing is sad  sad 
you know life is good when your lil bro gets up and gets you a smoothie  wink 
today was a good day overall  smile  tomorrows hump day
hhmmm sadies??? sounds like fun x) jux gotta ask the dude
out of all the singers she gave us howlin wolf is the best
<propfemale> i walk by a couple and the dude hits his gf  sad  made me really mad  then after school i see this tall dude give his lil gf a piggy back ride  wink  made me realize i shouldnt hate all guys for not all are like tht
me and josy been thinking   how many guys are gonna be left in the band next yr? maybe 10?
my question is why am i going to keep my promise when its been long over  is it still breaking one if the relationship between two is gone?
gosh i need to get my permit soon  
yaayyy basketball team!!! us bandos loved watching you   win win win
one more week until the fun begins (by using caps i mean this with heavy sarcasm haha)
yaayy no school monday!!
"hahaha mom sis and i screaming \baby your a firework\"" at grocery store    good times"""
 love  good day
yaayy nate jux placed first at finals!!! whoop whoop  good job boys
finding your old best friend    best feeling had in who knows how long
hating school  
 sad  such a confused child
 sad  not going to the pep rally 2morrow  ortho apt   sad 
they are off!!! popcorn time laugh 
happy valentines day!!!! i love every single one of you that reads this  xoxoxoxoxo
omg  my bro <propmale> jux showed me how to dougie
missing band  sad  wish i had 6th  stupid rop
new phone  smile  but cant text no one till parents get back  annoyed 
i live in a world where your moms personal ringtone for you is the oompa loompa song lol  shes mean 
so a door slams you in the face  its ok another one has already been opened for you 
personally id rather listen to bieber than <propfirst> swift lol  wink 
people can be so annoying   geez they need to get a clue
today was interesting hahaha
freakin rop hw
 smile   love   love   love 
good weekend  smile  happy for my uncle who is now married
i miss you  sad 
thanks grandma for the boots hahaha you have awesome style!!! but my sneakers feel <propfemale> much better hahaha  
and omg yesssenia!!! haha love of my life who cooks me great food after class hehehe me and josy walk you and we get fed sweeettt!!! haha muaahh
dont you just love it when people listen to the rumors instead of flat out asking the person  laugh  i think it is just the smartest thing us teenagers do these days!!! hahaha
i love how he listens to the same music i do  love 
ugghh sick of home drama  it sux being the oldest  playful 
 annoyed  hectic night with mom 
ummm a lot of you have been saying im ignoring you cuz i dont respond to ur texts    i dont have texting right now lol so sorry  playful 
aawwww the old people at the hospital are sooo adorable  smile  kinda makes the gross stuff worth it when they are all smiles  laugh 
"all of us have thousands of wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
rough month
im back home          from japan 0 o hahaha
soooo ill be getting home schooled for the rest of this year apparently
my new <propmale>  smile  hahaha hes <propfemale> random
prom was amazing!!! had fun dancing with my two dates  wink 
