70ed5bc3ad5323e8c495e8ac9c1e660e
getting tired of the bs
wow!!!!!!!
why is it that i always go wrong with whatever i do!
wet and hard!!!!!!
"in love? or is it just lust? idk, but i am told it's love!"
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair"
wondering what my problem is     
"omfg, i lost everything, and i gave him my heart, now i will never have it back     it's not mine to give away anymore      oh well, fuck life anyways"
"this sucks, im in school in the library with nothing to do    well, i at least get to see my new bf in a little bit      yay me!!!!!!"
confusion is all around!  love 
lol  wink 
there's a point in your life when you get tired of chasing everyone & trying to fix everything but it's not giving up      it's realzing that you don't need certain people because of the bulls*** and drama they bring   -  anonymous
so true it's crazy
this much pain should be considered inhumane and made illegal
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ?\ know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in \2010 is a cure! ? ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one \hour"
uuurrrggg
"gotta luv the dork     lolz, guess the datin' idea didn't work out      lol, oh well, i'm single again!!!!!!!!!!!! ha ha"
finally this thing we consider life gives me a <propmale>
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along?!"
sometimes i just wanna die because i'm all depressed and don't feel like i have a reason to live well right now i wanna die just so i can get the fuckin sleep i been tryin to get for a week without retards wakin me up!!!!!!!!
oh my god why do people insist onfreakin me 0out jeez people
"1st person to like my status - i will give you my number \2nd person to like my status - can dare me to do something \3rd person to like my status -i will write i love you on your wall \4th person to like my status - i will answer any question \put this as your status      if your brave enough"
ugh jeez why do these people seems to think i'm so damn sexy?
why do all these people seem to think i'm so damn sexy?! someone answer this cause it makes no sense to me!!!
"mean girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, and <propfemale> girls come from california, but we wyoming girls have fire & ice in our blood! we can be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook, love ufc, pack heat, <propfemale> with the boys, bake a cake, love with passion and if we have an opinion-you're going to hear it! re-post if you're a wyoming girl"
to everyone that plays pass a joint    please let me know to those who don't    if i send a request please block it cause i need to know so i'm not pissin anyone off
"pregnancy is like finding out your seasick on the first day of a nine-month cruise, with no refunds  but at least you get a cute souvenir!"
"ya know, i love my kid to death, her every movement reminds me of that, but i wanna cry when i find that my largest pants won't fit me anymore    perfect 6 to won't button 16    yea ima bawl now"
