6fc67a3fd192e23bfea6c3612ecd5aca
listening to my <propfemale> <propfemale> write and sing lyrics to <propfemale> montana songs 
"wow i am sooo amazed by my children  they are loving,kind, considerate and generous  only not toward each other "
"have a wonderful dad's day! longest day of the yaer, 1st official day of summer  yippee!"
wow! i'm home before dark! strange being home  i'm surrounded by little people who refer to me as mom  when did i grow up and how did i get here?
summer! yippee!
"zenny zen is begging me not to go to work  he keeps telling me he'll miss me and asks if i'll come home  that little man is so cute! oh, it's wonderful having a 3 year old-especially my little zenny zen zen zen "
"i am so thankful that my hubby gets to e playful erience the fun ,chaotic, last days of summer vacation with the kiddos  i love going to work!"
ihad such a great birthday! i am surrounded by truly amazing people!
my two eldest boys like to wake up at 5a m  om weekdays! what is wrong with them? why am i up?
i am officially a canine stylist!! yippee! it's the second day the shop (pawsitively treasured- 180th and q) has been open  off to groom little yippers 
it is snowing outside! <propfemale> wanted to take her boots with her!
crazy cancun!  just got back from the beach with zach and <propmale> 
"yeah, went to the ocean with the boys this morning  riding the waves is awesome!"
there is not one moment that goes by that my children don't thank me for working so hard so we could do this vacation  i have amazing children 
i am so technolgically unadvanced! and i can't spell!
i have a day off work!
kid chaos and fun
my husband ha a bizarre sense of humor
"do you think there are chemicals in the spring air that manke us feel happy? take in big whiff and whats that forming on your face? oh- i see it- it's a big , joyful smile!"
it makes me sad that some people don't live by the <propfemale> rule- treat others as you would like to be treated  <propfemale> is real  when you screw others over you only screw yourself tenfold 
"we got a flat and 2 different sets of people pulled over to help  with the first car, <propmale> told him thanks, we can handle it  yeah, we don't have a clue how to change a tire  about 5 minutes later, two young guys pulled over to help   needless to say, <propmale> just let them change the tire for us  we asked what compensation was in canada for helping us- they said just help someone else out when they need it  so cool "
the high in bighorn meadows is 50 degrees  we're just chillin' out today!
zen just stole my brussel sprouts  what four year year old likes brussel sprouts? is nothing sacred?
"that's not very \zen\"" to steal food from your mother-perhaps we named him wrong  hummm """
"a man that has touched so many of lives was killed last night in a motorcycle accident  we will all miss <propfirst> bock  our thoughts and prayers go out to him, his family and close network of friends "
yikes! my house will feel so lonely tomarrow! it is too early to go back to school!
