56f65d518479e9a8cb0cbc55881db6ff
: heaven = 1 2 a cup of melted ghirardelli chocolate chips poured into a mug and sipped on
finally the first <propfemale> day in weeks!
: i need to catch up on my online statistics class tonight before i head off to fruita and glenwood to go biking 
: i am amazed by technology   toll house left a recorded voicemail the other day telling me not to consume the cookie dough i bought 
: how many times will it take me to learn the lesson not to go to the grocery store when i am starving!?!
": i am curious why my neighbors are watering the grass when it is pouring out!?! anyway, happy fourth of july to everyone!"
: i'm going apartment hunting tomorrow  oh joy!
: does anyone have any good ideas on the cheapest way to move?  i was thinking of renting a vehicle with a truckers hitch and a small u-haul trailor for the day 
": i'm trying not to procrastinate for my move next month, so i started going through everything and ended up making a big mess!"
":i'm heading out to az tomorrow for my ten year reunion - which i can't believe it is already here   however, after reading everyone's posts about it being 115 degrees there when it is only 75 degrees here makes me wonder why i am subjecting myself to <propfemale>"
": i am enjoying sitting here, not having to do anything, before the next few weeks of havoc start "
":i had a great couple of weekends driving to nebraska and az and seeing everyone, but after all that, it is going to be a long time until i drive another 8+ hours  i am on a driving strike! (don't worry <propfirst>, i will still be driving out to your wedding "
: it was nice to get out and hike with <propfemale> and her husband   it was a beautiful day!
: i made it here safely to germany!
:hatte ich heute viele schokolade gekauft!
: i am getting frustrated with facebook   i keep trying to upload my photos of my trips and it won't let me 
"one of my neighbors moved out of my complex, now i don't have to look at his dog crap all over his balcony every day! seriously, who does that?"
":after spending six hours on the phone making 240 cold calls at work, i will probably will not talk on the phone   ever!"
: i miss being able to walk outside at night and see the stars clearly   i guess i miss summit county 
i am perplexed how one day it can be a <propfemale> 70 degrees and then the next day is followed by a temperature drop to 30 degrees with snow! forget my extended fall i thought i would get by living down here   
i can't stand slow internet   i guess that is a sign i need to get off of this and start studying!
i had my first snow day since elementary school    no school and no work! does colorado springs seriously shut down every time it snows?
i'm heading out to missoula on sunday evening   i never knew it would take so much brain storming to find a flight that would get us there!
: i just found out i got accepted into the public health certificate program   smile 
does anyone know someone who is looking for a place to live in colorado springs? i would like to sublet my apartment out by the end of the month 
: 10 more days until my classes end!  i'm not counting or anything  smile 
"note to self: turn the autosave feature on when working on a project for school, or else, once you finally finish the project, your computer will decide it needs to reboot in order to install new updates and all of your file will be lost!"
i'm heading out to san <propmale> <propfirst> 14th-16th than to phoenix 17th-18th   let me know if you want to meet up 
"i am refusing to use my credit card after my information was stolen-cash from now on   apparently, the theif had a thing for champions clothing and online gambling   it should all be taken care of though through wellsfargo "
i strongly recommend taxactonline com!
is ready for some 70 degree san <propmale> sunshine this weekend!
is enjoying the bluebird day after a week of cold weather and snow!
i'm going to four corners this weekend to do pushups on all four states!
why is there snow outside when it is may 12th?  san <propmale> here i come!!!
yay! the sun finally came out today! believe it or not it there are actually days -even weeks- where the sun doesn't come out during certain times of the year in san <propmale>  who would have thought?
"i'm am being patient   putting in application after application, looking for a dang job!"
i got an interview for next week!
"we had dinner with our 92 year old neighbor the other day  he is hilarious, goes up the stairs on his own, and takes care of the outside of his house every day  i want to be like that when i get to his age!"
nothing like a pint of <propmale> and <propfirst>'s brownie batter icecream!
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes (sorry it took some time to respond, i was out of town for a few days)  i had a wonderful day!"
"things i have learned in san diego: don't touch the water at border's state park beach -let's just say sewage is involved- and watch out for people running the border ten feet in front of you  also, all of those families hiking 300 feet down to black's beach will be in for quite a shock "
"recommends the documentary: \king corn\"""""
it was over 91 degrees here today  it's been warmer here in november than it was in july or august!
we are engaged!!!
"it is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do  there is no fun in doing nothing when you have nothing to do  wasting time is merely an occupation then, and a most exhausting one  idleness, like kisses, to be sweet must be stolen  -<propmale> k  <propmale>, humorist and playwright (1859-1927)"
