098ba9d46c29a33a3bc674d1943ed15b
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
what up new computer  smile 
what to do what to do???
finaly no more work at the shop  smile 
"a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, just praying that you & i might end up together   "
no more car just made 9500g's
moved in to the dorm we will see how it goes
wow college is e playful ensive!!!
"way tired   i need to get more sleep at night  but i really dont want to, i like what ive got going!!"
first day of classes lets see how this works out
so the first day not so bad
im holding you closer than most because you are my haven
over thinking the world again   great
"may we never let the things we can't have, or don't have, or shouldn't have, spoil our enjoyment of the things we do have and can have  as we value our happiness, let us not forget it, for one of the greatest lessons in life is learning to be happy without the things we cannot or should not have  -<propfirst> l  evans"
get by just gettin by
"life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood  -<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>  she fights and vanquishes in me, and i live and breathe in her, and i have life and being  -<propmale> de cervantes  accept life, take it as it is? stupid  the means of doing otherwise? far from our having to take it, it is life that possesses us and on occasion shuts our mouths  -<propfirst> camus"
home for the day  smile  c t
fire  smile  c t
can you hear me is anyone around me feel the way that i feeel now
"she's my kind of rain like love in a drunken sky   she's confetti fallin' down all night  she sits there like water in a jar  says baby why are you trebelin' like you are, so i wait and i try and i confess like a child   she's my kind of rain!!"
<propfirst> it was on the cart path   shankapotomus  
"life is full of those who see black and white, but there are the select few who can see the color in life and your my color   "
i may not have the softest touch  i may not say the words as such  and though i may not look like much  i'm yours! and though my edges may be rough  and never feel i'm quite enough  it may not seem like very much  but i'm yours!
v for vendetta most epic movie ever
once i lived for the big things in life and now i understand why the little things make me feel the best  smile 
"i love you, not for what you are, but for what i am when i am with you  -<propfirst> croft"
if you're my girl  swirl me around your room with feeling  and as we twirl  the glow in the dark stars on your ceiling  will shine for us  as love sweeps over the room  cuz we tend to make  each other blush   -owl city (the bird and the worm)
"communication  it's the first thing we really learn in life  funny thing is, once we grow up, learn our words and really start talking, the harder it becomes to know what to say, or how to ask for what we really need "
"among those whom i like or admire, i can find no common denominator, but among those whom i love, i can: all of them make me laugh  -w  h  auden"
and i raised my hand as if to show you that i was yoursthat i was so yours for the takingi'm so yours for the takingthat's when i felt the wind pick upi grabbed the rail while choking upthese words to say and then you kissed me  i knew it from the startso my arms are open wideyour head is on my stomachand we're trying so hard not to fall asleephere we areon this 18th floor balcony we're both flying away 
"well e playful ect me to becalling you to seeif you're ok when i'm not aroundasking \if you love me\""i love the way you make it soundcalling you to seedo i try too hard to make you smile?to make us smile"""
yes i love good cold beerand mustard on my friesi love a good loud honky tonkthat rocks on friday nightand hell yes i love my truckbut i want you to knowhoney i love your love the most
"i love you, grey sweatpants, no makeup, so perfect, our love is comfortable and so broken in "
"been a long timesince i've laid with you in bedconversations, full of words you never saidi got your messagebut i didn't hear the ringing belli gave into the lonelinessbut i didn't give up nothing else"
"without you, there's no reason for my story and when i'm with you i can always act the same forever, yeah if we're together we can make it better"
"the stars <propfemale> down to kiss you,and i lie awake i miss you,pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere cause i'll doze off safe and soundly,but i'll miss your arms around mei'll send a postcard to you dear, cause i wish you were here "
paper due thursday freaking fantastic
i just want to know that you'll becoming home   
facebook = spanish paper not getting done
i walk slowly when i'm on my own  yeah but frankly i still feel alone  so i may as well ditch my dismay 
rain washes away everything that went wrong during the day but it never makes you feel any better  \\
"and i knew it from the start so my arms are open wide your head is on my stomach and we're, we're trying so hard not to fall asleep but here we are on this 18th floor balcony   we're both flying away "
if my heart was a house you'd be home
where do you go when you're lonelywhere do you go when you're bluewhere do you go when you're lonelyi'll follow youwhen the stars go bluestars go bluestars go bluestars go blue
who else hates it when there is nothing to do but you are to awake to go to sleep????
and hell yes i love my dog! and <propfirst> d in my coke! but <propfemale> i love your love  yeah i love your love  i love your love the most!
friday night depression on a sunday afternoon   
beer league 9
trippin it up to the girls game  smile 
advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't -<propfemale> <propfemale>
we have to keep trying things we're not sure we can pull off  if we just do the things we know we can do    you don't grow as much  you gotta take those chances on making those big mistakes  -cybill shepherd
"i think a lot sometimes about life, sometimes about the world, and sometimes about you"
good thing im going to sleep tonight not
"love is never wanting to lose faith, never wanting to give up, and never truly moving on  love is knowing and praying in the deepest part of what's left of your heart that they feel the same   -courtneyjo wright"
"i am nothing special of this i am sure  i am just a common man with common thoughts  there are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten  but i've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, that has always been enough   <propmale> sparks"
love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own  <propfirst> heinlein
do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary  what we need is to love without getting tired  be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies  -mother <propfemale>
friends are the reason im still alive
i just dont feel like me anymore
gay ppl at bio life missed the largest vain in my arm and had to do the other one   
"i feel like a <propfemale>, you cant stop my shine, up in cloud nine, im solo, im ridin solo"
"i hold it true, whatever befall; i feel it, when i sorrow most; 'tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all  -lord <propmale> tennyson"
food is calling to my tummy
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i'm wide awake and so alive ringing like a <propfemale> tell me this is paradise and not someplace i fell 'cause i keep on fallin' down i wanna feel the car crash i wanna feel the capsize i wanna feel the bomb drop, the earth stop 'til i'm satisfied"
life is uncharted territory  it reveals its story one moment at a time  -<propfirst> buscaglia
we were given: two hands to hold  to legs to walk  two eyes to see  two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else  for us to find  unknown
"don't let someone become your everything, because when they're gone you have nothing!  -<propfemale> <propfirst>"
pulling an all nighter why because i have live and two of thee greatest guys to game with goyo and calib!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies  -swedish proverb
it ain't about how hard ya hit  it's about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward  how much you can take and keep moving forward  that's how winning is done! now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth  -<propmale> balboa
horoscopes are so fun and interesting  smile 
"i've got some friends, some that i hardly knowbut we've had some times, i wouldn't trade for the worldwe <propmale> these days down with talks of the places that we will go we live on front porches and swing life away,we get by just fine here on minimum wageif love is a labor i'll slave till the end,i won't cross these streets until you hold my hand    until you hold my hand -rise against- \swing life away\"""""
"i need to be bold need to jump in the cold water need to grow older with a girl like you finally see you are naturally the one to make it so easy when you show me the truth yeah, i'd rather be with you say you want the same thing too  <propfirst> radin- i'd rather be with you  "
"if you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change  if you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change  -<propfirst> a  <propfemale>, sr"
what to do on a lonely sunday after noon??????? wait ik  smile 
"so don't let anyone scare you  you know that i'll protect you  always, now through the thick and thin  until the end  you better watch it  you know you don't cross it because  i'm always here for you, and i'll be here for you  i know how it feels believe me  i've been there, and i know what it feels like metro station - <propfemale>"
there are finer fish in the sea than have ever been caught  <propfemale> proverbs
it's the hard moments in life where you really wonder your self worth and the weight of your actions in life  and with that it shows that it is what you choose to do with your life that really matters  and that but getting there is half of the battle  and in the end all you can hope is that you have done the right thing to the best of your ability and look back without regret and with a smile 
"so they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it, passed by a congress that exempts themselves from it, signed by a president who smokes, with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes, all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese,        and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke?\repost if you agree!"""
here's to lookin' at you kid!
well i have time and she gas freedom but when a heart breaks it don't breakeven
the internet what's that seriously what's the internet?
there aint no way but the hard way so get used to it!
i wish i could float through life and have everything be simple  because right now i'm just lost and its hard to see where i'm going  i know where i want to be but right now i'm lost and alone  i wish 
"i've come undone but you make sense of who i am like puzzle pieces in your eye\then i'll see your facei know i'm finally yours i find everything i thought i lost before you call my name i come to you in pieces so you can make me whole! (pieces by red)"
my plans for tonight have already been shattered and its only 8:21
if only you were here with me now under the stars 
nates grad party 6 to 9 at the house  stop over and say hi!
please don't ask me what i like about you cause its every little thing you do and that's the way you make me feel 
have you ever had one of those days when everything you hear hits you down deep in your heart  today is that day
is it bad that this week was just a really long weekend to me?
today was a good day the hawks went 2 and 0 welcome back to the chip!
falling asleep is hard to do when you know you want someone and you know you can't have them?
soccer at 7 should be good
music clothes car keys munchies drinks gas all check trippin to wisconsin
new predators movie should be sweet!
eggs or pancakes? that is the question
what to do on a night so nice as this?
getting ready to leave just waiting on the old guys  call text the drives going to be a long one!
"\music is my time machine\"""""
"\i'm a little dysfunctional don't ya know   if you push me it might be bad!\"""""
iowa here i come!
what comes up must come down such is the circle of life  its just some peoples downs are a lot bigger than their ups!
new car to me
grey skys ahead its the story of my life
"i'll be up up and away \\up up and away \\cuz they gon' judge me anyway so whatever"
gimme that girl!
when you smile the hole world stops and stares for awhile!
i'm gunna make you smile!
i need someone to make new happy memories with
omaha!!!
thanks everyone!
i'm that man on the <propfemale>  up up up on the <propfemale> 
leavin for canada! its a long drive hit me up
soaring through paradise when i close my eyes!
my eyes 20-20 so
goodnight world!! thanks for all the love!!
in a world full of sinners my thoughts are my sanctuary
i'm in a spaceship out in space!
let's get out there and melt some faces
white castle  smile 
"i\believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to\put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front\of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of\heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid\to show it: repost "
busy day till i <propfemale> out with someone new!
if your lifes got somethin missin put a girl in it
"e playful lore your mind\"",2010-11-16 08 surprise 2:43""",098ba9d46c29a33a3bc674d1943ed15b,thanks all for all your help! music says everything i can't thank you
thank god for all i've missed cause i led me here to this   
leavin for canada soon it going to be a long ride and the car is going to be full hit me up so i dont go insane 
back in the states  smile 
home sweet home
the food was amazing
my o my your so go lookin
we're gunna have a good day
when you smile the whole world stops and stares for awhile
break!
and so the long night begins
best part of work any day is when <propfirst> freaks and swears up a storm  
need something to do ideas?
i don't bust back cause i shoot first
i want you here cause i always smile when i see your
can't see in front of me so i move in stealth
saw a white e playful lore sport and wanted it to be nate
i'm so glad i got a blender for my birthday
first class of the semester prof is a no show i call that a good day!
"why do we sleep through church, but stay awake for a 3 hour movie? why is it hard to pray, but easy to cuss? why is it hard to re- post a godly bulletin, but easy to re-post the mean ones? why can people worship a celebrity, but not god? gonna ignore this? afraid to get laughed at? the lord said, \if you deny me in front of your friends  i will deny you in front of my father \"" re-post this if you believe in jesus"""
"\i finally did it for real\"""""
so my phone is broke and my new one is on backorder  email me or contact me here if you need something and ill get back when i can 
needs phone <propfirst> because he got a new phone 
just want to feel comfortable
scars are just souvenirs and the past is never far away
boredom calls me name anybody want to help shut it up?
its like narnia in my purse <propfemale>
i
cupid ran out arrows so he hit me with a javelin
woot woot its valenties day lets all get some!
she taste so good she taste like donalds french fries
hockey 1215 playoffs!!!
"\just because theres a goalie doesnt mean i cant score\"" <propfirst> schroeder"""
is it bed time(questionmark)
leaving for canada now be back tomorrow  smile 
back in the states
lifes just a beach and i'm just playin in the sand!
hit me up if your bored i got something for you to do!!!
i don't bust back because i shoot first!!
"what to do, what to do???"
i think i just readdicted to brick breaker!
there aint no place i'd rather be sitting next to you next to me
state hockey baby!
lazy song by <propmale> mars story of my life?!!
rule 2 don't leave the trail   rule 5 you can break rule 2 for pretty female or small cute puppy!
welcome to amateur hour bowling!
needs a persuasive speech topic any ideas??
this shits chess! it aint checkers!
needs a topic for a persuasive speech!!
csu!
clouds go away!
bored!
why is life so boring
country always hits the spot!
there is nothing to do in madelia!!!!
a bat just attacked <propmale> and i!!!!!!!!! and i caught it with my hands!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its beautiful outside!!
shorts and a t shirt!!
stumbleupon com!!!!!!
party rockers in the house tonight!!!!!!
what to do before class today?
what to do during class??
the show goes on!!
the merc is alive!
rain and country music this will be a good day!
you can look all over but no you'll never find(hot shit) like mine cause i provide that new new
there aint nothin bout you that don't do something for me 
you know the drill   !
classic case of guy on the ground  
work work work all day long!!!
when i bounce it off the wall o feel like angry birds- <propmale>
happy easter
<propfirst> ryder of the bruins is a beast!
i'm on my grind!!  smile 
yessss its on and poppin!
jammin to girl talk!
hey hey hey everybody we got a first timer over here!
"some things you enjoy more without women   looking at other women, for example,"
nothing better then falling asleep to the rain 
i'm on my level  
caps lock!!!
and the love kick starts again   
is this your village baboon?? its so big! - jungle to jungle
r i p  <propmale>  miss you man!!
i wonder what she thinks while i think bout her
ohhee i look just like <propmale> <propfemale> and you're <propfirst> <propfirst> moore 
"\want me to blow it on you face? see if you sneeze?"""
country soothes the grieving soul  
sleeping to thunder
oh good times
and the cracks begin to show  
just got a full body rotation from two chicks in a bag seat to check me out   lol
back from iowa!
is wishing the boat was clean and didn't have to work tonight
just got free <propfirst> johns!
now don't get left get on your good foot it's only right  that you step and keep boppin' til this shit unfamiliar
"\we're just best friends\"" <propfemale>!!"""
i got this by <propmale> bliss great song
i lover her like p m w
i just put window ac in my bed room!! its going to be cold for a change so jacked!
"i'm so scared of getting older \i'm only good at being young!!"
the merc is alive!
they call me dr  love  i come to cure ya baby 
new phone!
"\you never know how you look through other peoples eyes\"""""
ghostridin the whip!!!!!
the merc is no longer a beast
its cold     why???
"\there can be only one!\"""""
50 50 looks like a freest movie
today was a blur and its still not over
beef might rival chicken if your talking about ramen
we walk the same path but got on different shoes
happy birthday <propfirst> <propfirst>
i don't want to be anything other then what i have been trying to be
7 days
mmmm birch beer
day and nite kid cudi
doin' what i please
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone
i need a message!
"\if i was a women id be a slut\"" <propmale>"""
