bdbe36a5afaf1b76b78b1dcc8ebf5217
i'm leaving work and nothings goin on! what's up everybody 
so cold   instant booger freeze 
"facebook is confusing   don't know how to do shit   got time to figure it out though, since i'm a fucking gimp!!  lol"
"so   this is what's been goin on with me and why i been m i a for the past two months   people keep askin, so bear with me   so the day before thanksgiving at work i stepped on a fork that was stuck in a drain and it went through my shoe, into my foot and hit the bone   random as fuck, i know   but within a week it was completely septic and i had to have surgery "
"i was in the hospital for a week and for the past 7 weeks i been on crutches and doin antibiotic through a picc line 3 times a day   a picc line is a needleless i v   they implant in your arm that goes through the vein into your chest cavity   so i pretty much been stuck in the house relegated to couch duty   but i should be gettin better in a few weeks, get the iv out next week and should be more mobile soon "
"uld be gettin better soon, on the 26th i get my picc line out, and i'ma be startin physical therapy soon, so on the 26th i\m gonna wanna ccelbrate   that's what's up   sorry so long   and yes i gave in and made a facebook   suck it   i'm bored    playful """
"they told me of substance and form; they told me of shape and essence, they told me of color, that it was an illusion of the eye, an event in the perceivers mind, not in the object; they told me that color had no reality; indeed, they told me that color did not inhere in a physical body any more than pain was in a needle "
"went to the doc today, my usual tuesday appointment   found out i probably gotta keep this damn picc line in for two more weeks longer than e playful ected   i'm walking a little bit though, and can wear a shoe now if i need to   haha  if it'll fit    playful   can't wait to be back to normal "
stressed about the move   hoping it works out   listening to bat for lashes   love this band 
"hey everybody, so i'm planning on moving to chicago, but i'm in a bind   renting a moving truck is like 1500 bucks and i could always just sell everything besides essentials and just go, but i have a whole house full of shit that i'd rather keep   any advice, anybody know any movers, own a moving truck, i need to get my shit to chicago   lol"
mass effect 2 has taken over my life   i think i'm addicted to videogames   call intervention 
"it's doppelganger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status!"
just beat mass effect 2   sad day   finished both books i was reading too  i need to get back to work    playful 
"hey, just so everybody knows; having a moving sale this weekend, saturday and sunday during the day if anybody wants to buy anything, couches, bookshelves, appliances, tables, knick knacks, shoes    bunch o shit "
"hey, we're gonna be having a party at our place on friday night for my going away, it's gonna be byob,  we ain't getting no kegs this time   anytime after 8 or 9, ya'll know the drill   holla "
"holy fuck, is there not a cheap way to ship 12 boxes?  it's only 12 boxes, why is that a grand   so frustrated!"
"thanks to everybody who came to my going away party last night   i'll miss so many of you tremendously   holla to buca and magg crews   i love you wolff, but fuck all for making me cry   playful   <propfirst>, you're the most beautiful boy in the world, <propmale>, just cause you beat me in beer pong doesn't mean you're better   everybody come visit me   everybody who didn't come or even text a goodbye:  take care and fuck off "
"in chicago now, completely stoked, my place is amazing, but it's fucking freezing and smokes are 10 bucks a pack!!!!!"
i'm going through videogame withdrawal   when are my boxes coming???
"my boxes came, just missing one, it has my ps2 and ps3 in it, they said it'll come later   i effin hope so   i have so much shit and no where to put it though   no, furniture or bookshelves or nothin yet   haha"
"dunno why chels has it on her i-tunes, but i'm listening o nsync   haha  i actually love gone and girlfriend and i know every word, geez, i'm a queer "
"duh, dicky   he's still one of my faves   listen to him all the time "
"brown skin, you know i love your brown skin, i can't tell where yours begins   i can't tell where mine ends "
"so if i apply for unemployment, do i need to do it through cali cause that's where i worked last or through illinois cause that's where i live now?   "
dear facebook   chelsea hates you 
"if i walked around chicago in my ninja boots, think people would notice?  hmm    "
"why has my tax return not come yet, filed that shit four weeks ago, brotha is broke!"
"crazy!  chels and i are on the porch smoking last night at 1 a m  and see a fire in the living room of a house 3 down, so we walk over and realize it's just a reflection of a car thats on fire a few houses down   haha  i called 911  so random, love chicago "
just got tickets to go see my man <propfirst> nozuka on the 5th   so stoked!!!
"haha  just tried to put my relationship status as a complicated relationship with jesus, didn't work   haha  guess he needs to make a facebook <propfemale> "
"we all knew <propmale> <propfirst> was queer, took him long enough to say it "
"listening to <propfirst> nozukas new c d , went and saw his show last night too   [sigh]  love him   hope the shows awesome for you too, <propfemale> "
"worked from 10 am til 9 pm today and had a three hour break in between shifts, so f'in lame and only made 90 bucks   and have to get up tomorrow to work from 11 am to 11 pm   i'm tired   dear buca, i fuckin hate you "
"i search your profile for a translation, study the conversation like a map, i know there is strength in the differences between us, i know there is comfort where we overlap  come here, stand in front of the light, stand still, so i can see your silhouette   cause i'm not done looking yet   i don't know you that well, but it don't take much to tell, either you don't have the balls or you don't feel the same "
finally got my boxes of books and sketch pads   only took 6 weeks   i hate the usps!  yay for my books though 
is missing his friends   
"existing moment to moment in episodic bliss, \i want arms and lips, yours, consistently   \cloud nine ain't got nothin on this, \need a higher state for equivocation \trading in hand grenade hearts \for poesies and sonnets  \i forgot how good it felt to feel this good "
"yeesh, 12 and a half hours at buca today, made some loot, but shoot me in the neck please "
is it bad if you get acrylic paint in your eye?
has anyone seen mulholland drive and if so did you like it or dislike it???
"damn, my sisters keeper  just spent the last two hours crying and eating chinese watching this damned movie based on a crappy book   haha  damn you <propfemale> picoult    playful "
listening to the deftones adrenaline album   been a while  love this c d !!
what do you need a fake i d  for?  answer: to vote   haha  love the breakfast club 
"day two of no smoking, slipped up and smoked 1 and a half yesterday   goin strong today "
"i just spent the last hour watchin this kid <propfirst> jumbas videos on you tube, funny as hell and totally cute   haha  i'm such a dork "
off to work   grr   day 3 off not smoking 
"almost done with day number eight of quitting smoking, gonna go the bar though   no relapsing!!"
"end of day 11 of no smoking   and yesterday i didn't even wear a patch, (couldn't 'cause i sweated it off, but hey, that counts )"
"since i'm quitting smoking i can't sleep   it's 3 and i have to get up at 8 smile 0 for work   damn, want this feeling to go away   stayin positive though "
grr   it's almost 10 in the morning and i've slept for only 2 hours   it's officially week 2 of no smoking though   wish peeps were awake right now 
is having a really shitty day 
just wants to be adored   
"feeling pretty good today, ate breakfast, did my run, less than a mile but doin it everyday without stopping   cigarette cravings at a minimum  gotta keep it up "
okay   watchin that show smarter than a fifth grader   i guess swum is a word   past-tense of swim   hmmm   thought it was swam   guess i'm not smarter than a fifth grader   haha
over this fuckin chicago weather   stop raining and screw you tornado watch   i wanna go outside   can it please be summer soon 
"worst 36 hours of my life   why do i screw everything up, why do i let myself get hurt   god, just wanna smoke and sleep for a week "
is hoping for the best 
la roux's about to perform on <propfemale> 
"gonna watch so you think you can dance tonight, then go dancing, cause i know i can   haha"
the routine with ade and <propfirst> dancing to <propfemale> and the machines was amazing!!!  i love you so you think you can dance 
oh my god!!  <propfirst> (my bf) and twitch just tore it up with the dopest hip-hop routine i've ever seen!!!!!  sytycd was amazing tonight 
"ugh, drinking until 6 a m   so hungover   so worth it though "
holy mother of white jebus!  biggest ninja bug i've ever f'in seen just ran across my foot in my bathroom when i was brushing my teeth!!!  holy shit balls   raid was no match for it   got away    sad 
"hates not knowing where he stands!  wish i didn't work tonight   happy 4th everybody, have fun and take a cab!   playful "
"ugh, so hungover, was up late enough to get mcdonalds breakfast, slept for 3 hours and it's so hot i'm covered in sweat just sitting here   i'm getting an air conditioner today!!!"
"just got home from targay; bought an air conditioner!!, new mop, and two more pillows   gonna sleep like a fuckin baby tonight   now time to install it and clean my house!   playful "
"holy shit balls! ac in my room is amazing  how did i go my whole life with out air conditioning   fuck growing up white trash, get yourself some ac!!!"
goin to the beach   goin to the beach   goin to the beach 
"sigh, i miss cali   got a bunch of texts and reading all these posts on here about the earthquake      playful "
"we are having a serious fly problem in my house, and they're everywhere outside   i dunno what to do, although i have attained ninja status as a fly killer   there was one on my bathroom wall like 12 feet high and i whipped a flip-flop at it and killed that bitch "
"hmmm    stay in play videogames and read, alone, or go out and go dancing    think i'ma go dancing   playful "
"smoking my last cigarette again   quit for almost 4 weeks, relapsed, and starting over again   stciking to the patches this time   wish me luck "
"had a crack fiend moment: i'm qutting smoking again today, hence my last post, well, i decided to smoke the butts out of my ashtray as a last hurray and burned my facial hair with the damn crack lighter lighting a butt   guess i'm trimmin down the beard   haha"
"sometimes your nearness takes my breath away; and all the things i want to say can find no voice  then, in silence, i can only hope my eyes will speak my heart \"",2010-07-11 19:54:28""",bdbe36a5afaf1b76b78b1dcc8ebf5217,"i've read an innumerable amount of books, but there are not many that have genuinely affected me   i just finished east of <propfemale> by steinbeck and it's such an amazing book that i want to tell everyone to read it   i've read of mice and men, but none of his other work   east of <propfemale> is incredible   gonna read all his other books now "
"grr   cannot sleep   abs hurt from doing crunches, if i eat anymore i'm gonna hurl, finished my book and don't wanna get sucked into a new one at 6 a m   man, i want to smoke   no!  no relapses this time   anyone have an ambien??   playful "
why does everyone keep sending me event invitations from california and detroit   don't live in those places anymore   so quit it   thanks 
"grrr   can't sleep, don't think it's gonna happen tonight   wrote a lot though, always a good thing, but seems like an act of futility   "
"think i'm getting a bike finally today   holla! a red <propmale> 10 speed roadbike, used but in great condition   pickin it up at 6 smile 0   hopefully not a scam or somethin   let ya'll know "
"just got home from purchasing my bike   it's rad   great condition, so stoked!  i'll prob post a pic of it   haha  gotta name him first    playful "
"can i just say, i rode my back to and from boystown and on the way back i went balls to the walls, hard as i coud, goin at least 25 keepin up with the cars   i haven't felt that liberated since running cross country in school   it's akin to dancing   downside, i'm so sweaty i'm soaked   damn, my being a sweaty italian "
goin to the beach  goin to the beach   (singsong)
"just rode my bike from my house to hollywood beach (gay beach) <propmale> out with <propfemale>, her mom and some friends  then on the way back took lsd all the way to north, north to milwaukee, then home  without stopping once  i feel like i used to from a runners high  now making dinner, then karaoke  great day "
karaoke time!
"\relationship is understanding   it's a process of self-revelation   relationship is the mirror in which you discover yourself-to be is to be related \"" \""understanding oneself happens through a process of relationships and not through isolation \"""""
wish i was back in cali so i could go to comic con    playful 
the walking dead tv series is official!!!!  thank you g4 for comic con coverage    playful 
"so over this weather   raining all the damn time   was gonna go out tonight, got off early, and it's raining   better be nice tomorrow, i wanna go to the beach!"
the good: got a brand spanking new fridge   nice   the bad:  have to work my on call shift tonight when i had plans cause it's national fucking lasagna day and bucas givin out free lasagna   devil!!
why is my life so crazy   so i often take a cab to the blue line after work cause its 6 bucks and saves me from having to wait for two trains   i did so tonight   i'm in the back of the cab driving down grand when another cab runs a red and t-bones us   what the shit   had to make a report and everything  so the story of my life 
oh my jebus!!  ride my bike to mcdonalds!! !
"such an exhausting weekend   worked 30 hours in three days, went out too much, drank a lot, and extensive bike riding   feel pretty good though   trying to stay optimistic about certain things   made a shit ton of money though   haha"
"damn, running my errands and haircut took way longer than i thought, now i can't eat or i'll be late for work   p s   haven't seen my roommate in 3 and a half days!!  wth "
"ewww   was just starting breakfast, (well lunch)  and cracked open an egg and it was all bloody with a little nugget of chicken embryo   fuckin nasty!"
just got two new tattoos   pics to be posted later   playful 
"really happy, gay marriage ban is overturned in cali   congrats for us, guys   (and gals)   playful "
"grr   7 smile 0  can't sleep, haven't slept   wish i could turn off my brain   i'm on call at 10 smile 0 too   hope to jebus i don't have to go in    wish life had a rewind button "
"the hardest thing to do is let go of someone that you love   i'm so tired of life lessons   gonna <propmale> up though, and enjoy the weekend   lollapalooza and market days "
"on my way to lollapalooza   slept in, running late, missed metric   damn   gonna make it to see dragonette though "
"highlights of the day: metric was amazing   love em before, love em more now   worth the 90 bucks   went out after and had fun with a friend, laughed more than i have in weeks   certain irony around it too   time for videogames and chocolate   got my new flat screen, 1080p today   woo-hoo!"
"holy jebus, this weekend kicked my ass   don't wanna work tonight   was worth it though "
"can't sleep, can't stop thinking, over-tired   didn't know i was capable of missing someone this much   "
"should i stay in with chinese and videogames tonight, or go out   i'm exhausted, but hate staying in   tried it last night and ended up unable to sleep, thinking too much and bored   "
"go on one date with a guy, tell him you're not interested in pursuing anything and he texts me constantly, now today shows up at my job   hmmm "
chinese food here in t-minus 15 minutes   yay   thanks grub hub 
<propfemale> castles and rusko tonight  so stoked 
shit was bananas!!!!  <propfemale> castles was insane and rusko was sick   i'm so wet from sweating and having bottles of water dumped on my head that my fingers are pruny!  so much fun!!!!
off to work   don't wanna go   i'm sore from dancing and don't feel like placating strangers   wish i was a trust fund kid   or had a sugar daddy    playful 
"don't wanna work today, someone call in a bomb threat for me   playful "
was at work for all of 15 minutes and got cut   yay   work a double tomorrow though   sad  i'm so tired it's unbelievable   think i'm gonna rearrange my room and make dinner though 
"there is a house built out of stone, wooden floors, walls and window sills    tables and chairs worn by all of the dust    this is a place where i don't feel alone, this is a place where i feel at home    cause, i built a home for you, for me, until it disappeared from? you, from me  and now, it's time to leave and turn to dust   "
"damn it, got drunk as hell and left my bike in boystown   hope <propmale> doesn't get stolen   damn you, gin   damn you!"
holy hangover batman 
"so, think my phone is officially dead  only have 6 more weeks till my plan is up and i get a free one   damn it!  don't have the money for a new one!!"
"busted out my old phone from circa 2007   works, but have to get a charger, so anyone who's number i got in the past 3 and a half years, not in my phone anymore, sorry "
"so i just went to 2 at&t stores and called 2 others, noone carries a charger for my old sony erickson phone, and my lg died on me, plus my renewal is up in 6 weeks so i get any phone for mad cheap, so i'm not going to buy a new one now   i may be without a phone for a while if noone carries this damn charger!!!"
"so, got a charger, phone is now operational   3 days with no phone sucked!  but since it died and i'm using my old one, anyone whose number i got in the past 2 years i don't have, so message it to me on here if you're so inclined "
me and a bottle of good chardonnay   drink away my sorrows   
time to go dancing!!!  <propmale> <propmale> at the boom this week~
so hungover   on call tonight for work  i'm broke but hope they don't need me   want to just veg out and play videogames   playful 
yay!  don't have to work tonight! time to go buy a bunch of food and veg out!
"ugh  i hate it when you have a dream about a situation or a person and it feels great, then you wake up sad and disappointed realizing it was just a dream   also, my keyboard isnt working for some reason, using onsreen keyboard  way to start the day "
"so, i have really high ceilings in my room, and because they're <propfirst>, i figured i would stand on a chair and mop them   well, i fell off the chair and hit my side on my desk on my way to the floor     holy bruised rib and side   haha yes, this just happened "
off to north coast: day 1!
"north coast day 1 highlights: pretty lights; awesome, chemical brothers rocked it  day 2: midnight conspiracy, boys noize killed it! and moby   now off to the hideout  tomorrow, <propmale> benassi, green <propfemale>, <propfirst> fiasco, nas and disco biscuit   anyone have a redbull?  whomp whomp!   playful "
"day 3 highlights: flying lotus was good, green <propfemale>; shake n pop!, and <propfirst> fiasco fuckin rocked it   oh, and chels goin with me  p s  disco biscuit sucks   was like discoey, vidogame, elevator music "
"so stoked; bought a new videogame today, red dead redemption   havent got a new game since march   it's officially fall, dont need to be goin out every night now    playful "
"ugh   feel like i got hit by a truck   holy hangover   met people from detroit last night and they kept buyin me shots all night   oh, alcohol, i hate you "
"we, everyday, need to be thankful for our lives and for the people we have in it   we never know when we'll lose the opportunity to be close, or closer, to eachother, to share our joys, to have fun, to appreciate our moment to moment, to say i love you   r i p  <propmale> "
"i know the vma's is just pop culture fodder, but i hope broken bells gets best new artist   i could tolerate <propfemale> minaj winning, but barely "
"<propfemale> on the vmas, how i love you!!!"
"wanna go out now, what's there to do on a suday night?   "
love how erbody is texting me to say it's the hottest day ever recorded in so cal and it's cold here  bitches   maybe time to move back west   
"damn, was on-call tonite, but don't need me   actually wanted to work, brotha is broke, now what am i gonna do   "
never knew a single person could make me feel so shitty about myself   i feel horrible   can someone tell me i'm pretty or somethin?   sad   lol
"just got hit on at the mcdonalds walk-up by some white cracker hipster with a blonde pedophile moustache and penny-rolled jeans   is it 1991, m c  hammer?  piss off, hipster before i strangle you with your own suspenders   sigh   feel better "
"fuck you, <propfirst> yip  i don't care that you're hot, the wings had that!"
<propfemale> is performing on <propfemale> in 20 minutes!
feel like shit today   think something died in my stomach 
"deadmau5 is playing right now at the congress, 2 blocks from my house, and tickets were already sold out when i tried to buy it on monday   so bummed "
"so   possible halloween costumes; dead hipster who died in an ironic way, <propmale> <propmale>, or <propfirst> mays, the oxy clean guy??? or any suggestions?"
"hurt my gimp foot at work tonite, so it's all swollen and killing me, back to limping  well, 20 minutes ago i stubbed it on my desk   almost cried   for real   still throbbing  can't believe i'm still dealing with this bs after a year   anyone have a vikey?"
walking dead!!!
finally got netflix on my ps3   shit is amazing!
"just got my new iphone, so stoked  my first post  holla!"
"on my way to the cvs walk in center to get an antibiotic, gonna cost me like a hundred bucks   boooo! but i'm sick "
"have to go to work  still sick and don't wanna , but i'm broke   grrr "
holy shit balls   just swallowed the ball to my tongue ring   hmm   wonder if that's bad 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4words what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours  fair is fair    play along!"
"just so everybody knows, tomorrows my birthday, not sure what i'm doin before, but will be headin up to berlin like 12-12 smile 0ish, so hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> or go out   word "
"thanks for all the happy birthdays and texts guys   love y'all and wish you were in chi-town   the deal tonight, beauty bar til 12ish then berlin, come out!"
ugh   10 a m  and on my way to work a double    need a cup of coffee and a semi automatic handgun 
9 hours later   still at buca   how is this my life!  and where's that handgun?
thinkin i shoulda got a 32g iphone instead of the 16   there's no way i can put all my music on it    
oh my jebus!  it snowed and i missed it   theres snow on the ground downtown 
to go to berlin  or not to go?   i do have fable 3 
"oh my stars, it's cold! first snow fall today   kinda diggin it "
"worst holiday season <propfemale>r   alone in chicago for christmas, dad has a stroke, and i have a stomach flu, puking all day   called into work two days in a row   work on new years <propfemale> and new years day   sigh   "
"anyone else into martial arts movies, you need to watch ninja assassin; it's the shit!!"
combo of having stomach flu and takin tylenol nighttime flu medicine; sleeping for 13 hours straight   had some crazy dreams too 
"what's everyone doin for new years?  no solid plans  two shows of two of my fav bands that night, but both sold out   and i do work   lame "
"so stoked, finally got my bike!!  it's been stuck outside at the end of my street for 6 weeks with the lock frozen   finally warm enough for the water inside the u-bar to melt   now has rust spots and need to replace my grip tape and maybe the chain tho    sad "
"happy new year everybody   workin tonight  boooo!  resolutions; quit smoking, join a gym, no more casual sex   lol"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nx6frsemw38&feature=youtube_gdata_player    funniest shit ever!
"round 2: no smoking   day 3: threw up in the morning, cried in the shower, really bad hand shaking   but i can do this!  haha"
just watched 1 guy 1 cup   have y'all watched that ish?  insanely crazy and effed up 
"jesus, wanna buy a pack o smokes!"
"aw, jebus  just ate a whole medium pizza   8 pieces   feel great  won't later    haha"
"ugh   dont think i'm sleeping tonight; been laying here for hours   gotta be up in 3  what's the point, make some coffee i guess "
death would be preferable 
"at the clinic getting tested, bored outta my mind, negative by the way   but some girl just got a pos result  she's sobbing in the office, yeesh  and why do guys have to be creepers here too   you're sitting in the chair next to me for and hour just staring   so weird "
damn  snowpocalypse 2011 and our power just went out  maybe i should go out  haha
hey everybody  come in to buca di beppo to see us  we are open! pizza and pasta bitches! rush and grand 
ugh  hangovers suck 
"song of <propmale> 8:6 \place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave  it burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame "
ugh  almost 9 and i can't sleep  out of smokes too   
beards coming off today  he's taking a two week hiatus   playful 
i look so weird without my beard!! it's like my face is inappropriately naked  put on some pants face!!!!
damn  i shoulda been a dancer   
on my way to work after only 1 5 hours of sleep  shoot me now  i'm either gonna pass out or hurl 
"i cut off my rat tail   i was so attached to it, was getting too mullety though   playful "
okay   gagas new song sucks  and it kinda sounds like e playful ress yourself  hmm   
"i am outside, in chicago, just wearing a hoodie!! please stay like this  i need winter to be over "
"so, the two singers i follow obsessively on youtube, <propfirst> choi and <propfemale> grannis, are both coming to town in the next 2 months  check em out on youtube and let me know if you wanna go with me  cheap tickets   "
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=9dxw49orr0g&feature=youtube_gdata_player\\still my fav crew ever!"
"man, just got the red rings of death on my 360  turned it on and off a few times   and it's working again  scared now   playful  i'm on my 3rd one already "
"4 a m  watching akira, eating pb and j's, missing the most beautiful person i've ever known    "
"been in chicago for a year today   doesn't seem that long  but this is my year, gonna make it so "
"woke up today with strept  damn it  can't even swallow, can barely talk  was fine yesterday  i have antibiotics though "
anyone else into martial arts movies?   watch ip man  it's really good  i loved it 
my fuckin bike got stolen in boys town  fuck!!! that bike was my baby  his name was <propmale>  r i p   sad 
"god, just got home from the bar and trippin on the fact that my bike got stolen  petty  my prayers go out to japan and the friends i have there  and also every one i know in cali and the pacific area in general  god bless "
"6 smile 0 in the a m in a cab home  sigh  too old for this  but, happy birthday, <propfirst>   playful "
hey! all my lady friends? y'all know what the diva cup is? heavy flow anyone?
"so i never post shit complaining about work, but tonight i had a two top come in 15 minutes before close and keep me on for over an hour after close and they leave me 5 on 60  hope your girlfriend gives you the clap fuck wad!"
getting a new tattoo  pic to follow  word 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=8ihfvn0sv14&feature=youtube_gdata_player\\one of my favorite songs of all time "
thinking about cutting my hair short again   advice?
goin to chances then boom boom room tonight with the roomie  come out y'all 
"ugh  sick again  knew it was coming on the past few days  like my 6th time being sick this winter, almost over   have a new vid game to play, nyquil and cough drops though "
miss you more than words could articulate  how can one e playful ress a feeling of home without using the word  four letters   like love  i miss you 
"i smoke and i drink, and every time i blink i have a <propfemale> dream  and as bad as i am, i'm proud of the fact that i'm worse than i seem   "
"headphones on, <propfirst> sparro, spring cleaning   "
tonights plan after work; quick karaoke at spin then berlin  word  hit a brother up 
"okay, okay, new joke; what do homo's and cardinals fans have in common? they both love pujols!  haha"
just got to work in the same clothes i left here wearing 15 hours ago  haha was a good night though  word 
why are none of the usuals at chances? where is erbody? goin to jackhammer 
lost my fuckin iphone 4 in a cab on the way home from the bar tonight   not insured! dont know what to do! in a total panic!
"got my phone back!!!! so crazy  so lucky  seems like a dream, probably cause i'm half asleep  thank you jesus, thank you <propfirst>! and thank you nice cabbie  good night    or more aptly; good morning!"
"goin downtown for a bit, stopping at work, h & m, food, home, then going to the <propfirst> choi show at subterranean  flying solo if anyone wants to tag along  word "
"wings and hawks game right now  b s  pick it up  this is why i hate watching the games, just frustrates me "
"grr  80 degrees and <propfemale>! and i'm stuck at work, hungover  hate my life  should be at the beach "
just beat dragon age 2 and the song playing during the credits is <propfemale> + the machine  awesome 
"i hate when people stand on escalators, stand on the right, walk on the left you daft twat before i move you  i'm running late and want potbelly "
"walkin down the street singing <propfirst> j and hit a note so high my left ear popped  damn, i'm queer "
everybody who's coming over tonight  hit me up on here cause my phone isn't getting service but my facebook and email is working  holla!!
"holy hangover! had fun last night though, hope everyone made it home safe  oh and the puke in the kitchen and the puddle of urine in the bathroom     don't worry, i got that  haha"
"happy easter everybody   i'm working, but remember; jesus was the first zombie, give the man some credit "
so   playing words and my opponent played the word sahuaro  you kidding me? that's a place   grrr  on a triple word and making another word plural  i swear bitches cheat on that   why am i so competitive with unimportant shit 
man! so much puke all over this train car  fuck balls!
i don't deserve something so amazing   goodnight 
"in honor of mothers day people are changing default pictures to they mamas  i did, you should too  miss you, mom (<propfirst>) 1954-1998 "
i'm completely losing it   
"aw, man  beyond hungover and have to go to work  not diggin this at all  happy mothers day  sigh "
"seriously the worst 24 hours i've had in remembrance  emotionally and physically drained  had the worst night at work, my last table was the worst i've ever had  so bad a gypsy cunt at the table said she doesn't want me back in the room  smoking in the back and crying  yes i'm a pussy, happy fuckin mothers day!"
"walking to work, overcast, but actually smells like spring   lilacs  my favorite  reminds me of my mama "
"come dance with me at boom boom on the run, north and damen, secret password is pink panties  i'll buy you a drink  holla "
"holy hail  love it; the noise, smell  love it when it's hot and it storms  wish i had someone to play in it with "
cutesy korean guy at starbucks on 6 corner    wearing yellow crocs  jebus 
"dear wicker park hipster, please refrain from wearing cut-off <propfirst> short shorts with boots   unless you're a stripper  sincerely, guy distracted while trying to read "
"wings game 7  let's go detroit! clap, clap, clap clap clap "
damn it  that was a game though 
music at berlin is sick  electro and disco! word 
"sometimes something just feels so right  happy jesus day  weather sucks, but who cares  not me   smile "
"myself, <propfemale> and d are hitting up evil <propfemale> tonight if anyone wants to join  <propfemale> shop  word "
fuck balls!!!! it's gone  where'd it go!!!!
just watched kick ass   seriously made it into my top 10  such an incredibly awesome movie 
trimmed my beard down  getting hot  it feels weird though  went from a 4 to a 2 on the clippers   playful 
gonna go cut a rug at boom boom on the run at ohm in wicker  got the itch? come dance with me 
i'm so devastated that i didn't go to adeles show  loved her for 4 years  and all these  homos who just found her bought out all the tickets  grr  so jealous 
has anyone seen the documentary transcendent man? i really want to see it 
love <propmale> degraw's new song!
new season of so you think you can dance starts now  super stoked 
<propmale>'s audition was sick!! i'm in love! is anyone else watching sytycd??
creep was amazing tonight at berlin  if you werent there you missed out  getting mexican at lazo's then goin home to rewatch sytycd  word 
"so   last night at evil <propfemale> i'm dancing to rolling in the deep with <propfirst> and slipped on the wet floor and totally face planted  was bleeding from the mouth  so embarrassing, recovered like a ninja  got drunk after  my face hurts today though  ow   "
"goin dancing at boom boom at ohm, <propmale> <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>   come dance with me "
shit!! it's hotter than balls on this train! i'm sweating like a heifer 
ugh  can't sleep and it's 7 a m  slept for maybe an hour and now i'm hungry  sigh 
off work at 8 on a saturday! what's up tonight mo frackers??
on the train and some random cholo just smiled and blew me a kiss from outside the train  haha
"g4 and spike t v , so much e3 coverage  so stoked!!! wish i was there "
"also, free iron and wine show in the park and i have to work  boooo!"
"holy e3! so many amazing games coming out in the next year and it's only day 1  mass effect 3, new fable completely utilizing the kinect, gears 3, new tomb raider, <propfemale> wars old republic, infamous 2, even the new call of duty looks sick  such a nerd boner!"
"i may be slightly promiscuous, and seemingly indifferent at times, but i am always genuine and honest with men, why are other men so disingenuous and disappointing  get a fucking clue "
"this season of sytycd is gonna be beast! my two guys are tadd and <propmale>, i'd gladly marry either, my two girls are <propfirst> and <propfemale> "
eating deep dish pepperoni and pineapple and watching how to train your dragon  such a dork   playful 
sytycd tonight  marko and jordans routine was phenomenal  so amazing  actually made me tear up 
<propmale>'s room is such a great movie  haven't seen it in years   
what goin on tonight?? somebody throw out some ideas 
so stoked  buying a new bike tonight!! pic to follow 
been a deadboy and black keys day    all day 
"yo, what's everybody doing tonight  hit me up!"
holy mother of god!!!! crazy hail!!!!!
anybody wanna come dance with me? come to boom boom room at ohm   happy 4th mo frackers 
beach anyone??? wanna bike there   
"biking up to hollywood beach if anyone wants to join, staying till 3 smile 0  word "
"just got off work and i'm tired as hell from last night, but i have to get up in 6 5 hours to audition for the voice  wish me luck "
existing in a world of grave stones; a realm of unending memorial contemplation  i wish for an end as well  it's too much  i miss you 
"just finished watching legend  one of my childhood favorites  anyone else who's seen it; oona reminds me of <propfemale>, kinda random, beach tomorrow  noon at hollywood    word "
"it is raining so incredibly hard  i love it  perfect temperature for it  i leisurely walked the five blocks home from the train  my favorite weather, unless i actually was going out tonight   playful "
"no phone for a few days  hit me up on here  hate not having a phone, makes me feel all panic-like   playful "
ugh  so incredibly hungover  didn't even plan on goin out last night  what happened   playful 
"drunk and watching go  man, sometimes i miss my rave days  anyone wanna do some e, go dancing all night and sell fake pills to <propfemale> ravers from toledo? haha man, miss you 1997 "
"so   two months ago my 360 died, my third to do so in fact, and it costs 120 bucks to fix  well, just now i'm streaming full metal alchemist on netflix and my ps3 dies on me  are you fucking kidding me! no videogame system!!!!!! i'm gonna have to buy a new ps3  fml "
"think i'm gonna get a drink at spin, not really my scene, but they're a dollar  have a toothache, need to catch a buzz  anyone game   "
"so, chicago friends  i need to find a dentist to go to, but don't have insurance so i need to be able to set up a payment plan  anybody help a brother out?"
"oh my god  has anyone else seen the show my strange addiction? it's amazing  but the new episode is about a woman who carries around her husbands ashes, everywhere  and she has begun to eat them  oh my stars  bat shit crazy!"
can i be good enough for someone??
why does the most beautiful man have to live 2000 <propmale> away? relegated to skype  hopefully we visit again soon   playful 
"feel like i'm 17 again  kinda gross  tell yall why tomorrow  let me just say, dumb kids with nitrous  hahaha"
i am so incredibly bored   with everything and everyone  i'm be more content with masturbation and a good book  grrr 
"1 hour of sleep  causes; insomnia, youtube, and severe abdominal cramping possibly due to questionable chinese food or the death of something in my stomach  almost shat myself walking to get smokes  called off work "
oh my stars  they now have every episode of felicity streaming on netflix  amazing!
"keep having this bizarre recurring nightmare  had it all night, and earlier this week  that doesn't ever happen with me  i'll put the nightmare in a note on here, it's effin weird "
"umm, stop talking about <propmale> quinto coming out  we all knew  he dated my friends friend in cali  was already known "
"my friends from detroit and i are goin out in wicker, prob flat iron, then hitting up boystown if anybody wants to meet up  their last night here  word "
"kinda sad when the only person at this bar i would sleep with is a korean butch lesbian   ugh, should gone to boystown or that house party "
"stomach flu and netflix equals me watching the last airbender movie; it's my favorite tv show and yes i'll be disappointed as well as angry at the ethnicity of the cast, but i'm curious "
did anyone see that show the colony on discovery channel  pretty intense 
if anyone wants to get me a birthday gift  i want skyrim for the ps3  thank you   smile 
reminder; my birthday party is tonight  word 
is there a grocery store to buy asian food that's not located on the north side???
i got skyrim!!!! see y'all in december 
go out for dollar drinks and dancing tonight or stay home and play skyrim? i put in 14 hours yesterday    this game really is gonna take over my life  will prob save me money though  haha
on my way to work and the train is empty and the lights are off  zombie turkey apocalypse?
