576cc3f308931a6464e7f45a0ce987d5
you lose
been workin on meh music pretty well this summer; finaly get to the point where i think i can get em memorized and now ive lost the third part t~t
just played part one of this years show from memory   *starts watching disney channel*
spent 40 <propfemale> cleaning my trombone     its shiny
woot!!! home at last; first thing i did was drink a half gallon of water
yesterday was the worldwide randomness day   i cant believe i missed it t t
the most random thing happened to me today    i decided to pop in at my grandparents and i see <propfirst> s 
woot!!! fangs
what is today but yesterdays tomorrow? ?
what do i do on facebook you ask?   well thats easy im here for the quizes
busy; learning to fly
awww i feel loved
even though this is only the first whole day we get out of school it feels like we have been out for a while now
"december 21, 2009 exactly three years until the end of the world  smile "
starts movin today woohoo!!!
"the world keeps spinning, it doesn't stop for even the best of us"
is now venturing into the deep unknown *youtube*
is now venturing into the deep unknown *youtube*
1st attempt at 1 hour lunch    epic fail
"2nd attempt at 1 hour lunch   mother nature replied, \no!!!\"""""
too busy checkin out other peoples pages that i almost forgot that i had one  laugh 
"omz you guys i just drank a root beer!!!! \thats a carbonated beverage for those who arent following\"""""
i just saw a parody of the hey song on tv! !
raww!!!
"\there is no evil in this world that does not come from the hearts of man\"""""
"\the inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses\"""""
an amazing girls night out last night  laugh  you know who you are
the greatest and most terrible gift we all possess; the ability to think
go <propfemale> for st patricks day tomorrow guys
currently developing personality *may take forever*
my face has an infection(  ~t) now off to school
giant green pill o o
i meant to shut down the computer half an hour ago   
"\i am a very pessimistic person    i look at the glass half empty even when its full!!!\"""""
why is it that this is the only day out of this entire week that doesnt feel like friday? ?
deep in thought      okay im done
don't you think for a second that just because i have to sit down every now and then means i am giving up! !
floating on a cloud    no wait just a daydream
how many times do you try to text somebody but all you get out of them are one word responses? ?
*right click* copy *right click* paste     raww!!!
i love how no matter how much we dont like school we still get so bored when we are at home       education is ruining our social lives!!!!
what's on your mind? ?
only eleven more hours(  ~t)
i dedicate this post in honor of myself
"remember when your parents used to tell you, \if you want desert you have to clean your plate first \""    still wonder why <propfemale> is fat? ?"""
"got bored and tried to walk around on my hands, ended up just spinning around a few times    now i feel dizzy"
you guys missed me wear a dress earlier today  laugh     never again    well maybe never
i've been seeing a lot of middle names on facebook lately    sure why not
what were doing a play?  okay ill  be the shadow     all of them 
i love how i will be reading something somebody else posted and immediatly think of something amazing to say but when i get to my profile i forget it enitirely
"i just felt like i had to tell someone something, ya know what i mean?"
"i look in the mirror and all i see is what i don't like, then i look again and realize how amazing i am;p"
"stuck in an endless state of panic,  but its okay its almost over"
"sweet more rain, i was starting to get bored"
"dudu  dedu,    dudu  dedu,    dudududuuuduudu dutdutdut"
"the inner fire, we all have it and it gives us strength, some more than others but like all fires it can consume and destroy "
they say when one door shuts another one opens     i go through the window ;p
in need of comment
"omz \oh my zeus\"""""
in need of entertainment
this is for you guys
ask a ninja     you might get a decent answer
so i was watchin a video on youtube and just before the halfway point it got removed from the website     now ill never know the end t t
layin on my bed usin the laptop and my ferret keeps trying to eat my feet    so far he's winning
these tests are horrible
i just noticed something    ive liked 220 pages but have 181 friends    
cookies and milk just dont cut it when you're cravin somethin spicy
dragon?
"i was lookin through my profile and found one of those like pages and got mad that i couldn't press \like\""    i been hangin round you guys too much apparently;p"""
"why yes, there is something on my mind; thank you for noticing   "
so yeah my phone is broken finally    hello facebook have you been? ?
"well that was short lived, hello new old phone  smile "
it's about that time    to clean my yard    personally i kinda like it but it would just get messy if it were to rain
"you guys i just want you to know    i just 'liked' p  <propmale>, 42 wallaby way, sydney smile "
so i was watching addams family values and it got to the wedding scene  they played a version of sunrise sunset from fiddler on the roof laugh 
okay i know its not a cartoon but its close enough right
i loved getting a new text every 30 minutes tellin me happy birthday yesterday thanks guys laugh   but there was one bad part about yesterday    hearing that alarm go off again t t how dare it wake me up!!!
green? ?
stop!!!
yes or no? ?
"just looked outside, so much snow you cant even tell where the road is its all even"
"time sure does fly by when you're on facebook, scary, i really need somethin to do"
just finished <propfemale> sun 3: the biggest cliffhanger of the series!!! kills me  the thing is most of you guys probably don't even care  laugh 
i think my ferrets are bored too  woulff just came up bit my foot then licked it  laugh 
i think this suits pic suits me
"another pic change, be jealous"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play   "
so who's ready to start the nine weeks two weeks late? anyone?
"poke ] me if you ever had a \ crush \"" on me\",576cc3f308931a6464e7f45a0ce987d5,seize the day or die regretting the time you lost 
saw a bird with <propfemale> wings earlier today    pretty epic im not gonna lie
happy singles awareness day you guys  laugh 
"words are a confusing thing, when they free you they also trap you, no matter how much you open up they still bind you down and they can even drag other people down with you  at the same time i couldn't live without them  that form of e playful ression, no matter how much it may hurt at times, gives us life "
"took this photo freshman year, haven't changed that much have i?"
later 
first five on my friends list are my companions in zombie apocalypse eh    <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst> matney <propmale> harmon <propmale> seals & <propfemale> <propfirst>     not too bad i guess
im home what do i do? watch bleach
so bleach got boring again  luckily shippuden is startin to pick back up  laugh 
"old nursery rhyme said thursday's child has far to go and i was told it means we have to try harder then everyone else, but could that be taken to say we have the greatest potential? ?"
"so i clicked on a link and it sent itself to whoever was on chat, ignore it please"
i want to send you all family requests and say cuzzin!!!
my new favorite quote: that's so cute it's stupid 
