6bd61757177f3acee90738f7caecf1cf
employed   this is new   
"gencon indy, here i come! see y'all sunday!"
"please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay or lesbian  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease  people who are gay are not looking for a cure, but acceptance and equal rights  make this your status for at least an hour ? promote love and acceptance, not hate "
just lost it watching jackass  avoid all cocktails 
old spice reference in latest team four <propfemale> dragonball z parody=eeeeeeeeeppppppppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccc!
"just saw the pchs cabaret at the epic  concentrated awesomesauce  everyone who ever existed should see that show  you've got 1 day left, 'cause saturday's sold out!there's some pretty awesome stuff goin' on!"
embracin' the grind 
happy thanksgiving all  know that i will be ashamed of you if you can get up from the table without leverage 
a lot of people said good bye to a good person today  r i p 
"woot for all three exams on 1 day with fifteen minutes in between  i'm sorry, did i say woot? i mean fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-k!"
bitin' the bullet: getting up at 5 for get ready for exams all day 
"3 and out  all exams done on monday  after i cried, i felt good "
"went and saw black swan  amazing! that's one of the most tense movies i've ever seen  freaky as hell, and i like it "
"thank you much all! not to be sappy, but it means a lot "
<propfemale> christmas all!
"just saw the fighter  great movie  everyone go  now  i'll wait   \christian bale ftw  best supporting's goin' to him unless <propmale> rush comes in with his a-game in <propmale>'s speech "
"goin' to pennsylvania for a few days to spend some time with mom's family  less-than-concentrated-awesomesauce  whilst i am off the radar, adios, motherf-ckers "
"first day of school down  things're goin' well   laugh  wait, there's another?"
"just saw '<propmale>'s speech'  damn good movie  everyone should go see  good acting, really funny, and incredibly riveting for a film about speech problems  i somehow missed 'social network', but as it stands, 'black swan' and <propmale>'s speech' are the top 2 of the year  'then machete'   smile "
"so, on the videos it recommends i see, youtube has a <propfirst> bieber video  not gonna lie, kinda insulted "
"saw the sag's  liked most of what i saw, minus a couple odd choices  lookin' good for the oscars "
"so, my weekend: see pchs' awesome hairspray produciton on friday; watch the latest ufc on saturday; watch the superbowl on sunday  \hellofa weekend, if i do say so myself "
"thought is was gonna be freezing  wore two sweaters and two pairs of sweatpants  wasn't until i moved about 50ft cubed of snow that i realized it wasn't that cold, and i was gonna die of heat before anything else  best way to start off the day "
seein' hairspray in a couple hours  ready for a large does of awesomesauce!
"<propmale> <propfemale>, early nominee for knockout of the year? frontkick to the face ftw!"
"pchs hairspray, week 2! break a leg!"
well done to cast and crew of pchs' hairspray! another great job 
"got muh power back  didn't need the heat, but the light is soooooooo nice   "
"so, turns out you really can't stop the toyota  despite an 8  earthquake and a huge tsunami, production remains largely unaffected "
just finished portal  now i understand where half the gaming humor today comes from 
"she's an evil enchantress, and she does evil dances, and if you look deep in her eyes, she'll put you in trances  and what would she do? she'd mix up an evil brew, and she'll gobble you up in a big tasty stew  soooo, watch out "
