1fbaf0538ca56ef92a1f391d84a301b8
is thinking the magic shouldn't even be in the finals   
is back after a blown achilles   ecco challenge here i come again    !!!!
headed to the gym then the beach!
has the itch for a  308 and a swarovski 3x9x40  ballistic range scope  
is watching brayden while lexi goes to her photo shoot   
thinks a couple of days at turtle bay are in order 
"can't take another night on my hotel bed  where is my thermarest and north face \cat's meow\"" when i need it!"""
"every minute i stay in this room, i get weaker, and every minute <propfirst> squats in the bush, he gets stronger "
"i love the smell of napalm in the morning   the smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill  smelled like victory!"
i hunt grizzly bears and have gotten as close as 10 ft and i don't get as nervous as i am now as my daughter goes up for miss teen hawaii for the first out of two nights  
is proud of <propfirst>   she did great and was at a total disadvantage being the only non-hawaiian girl 
"just got done finishing call of duty 2 \modern warfare\"" and thinks wouldn't it be nice to have that much fire power at my disposal   """
"if i had ten divisions of those men, our troubles here would be over very quickly "
needs to get his bow tuned   the humidity in hawaii is killing it!
is debating what he should hunt in alaska next year   
just tested for smsgt    i am mentally spent! now it's up to the board 
"is about to do a 5k, (goal    under 21 minutes), then hit the beach!"
"i wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one  holla at you in month    coop out!"
is salivating over the new matthews z7 bow!
"my first tsunami, should be interesting  "
"is looking forward to moving back to the main-land, so i can get all my guns and atv's back "
is debating on how far to run today 
has 80 days of leave saved up and is planning on re-charging the battery!
is looking to buy land in alaska  (need my cabin)
won a <propfemale> 1558 laptop   hooya!
"is looking forward to using my new mountain hardwear + 15 bag and new jetboil  now, send payment to the bush pilot "
this retirement thing is a pain in the ass!
is getting his ass kicked by a bunch of kids on modern warfare online  the acr with grenade launcher is pissing them off 
"is doing the mr  mom thing while <propfemale> is tdy  \i'm tired \"""""
can't wait for <propfemale> to get home tomorrow  neither can brayden 
taking the next 2 weeks off  i have 71 days to use  what to do?
well it's official  by authority of the secretary of the air force i will be released from active duty on 30 june and retired 1 july  from master sergeant to mr  that will take some time to get used to 
is taking the next year off  (thinking of getting another degree in wildlife management  )
what day is it?
is searching for a m4 carbine  next month   glock 9mm  
"from this day to the ending of the world,but we in it shall be remembered --we few, we happy few, we band of brothers;"
movers are here!
is dreaming of the alaska range  august can't get here quick enough 
moving from hawaii is a pain in the ass!
last night in hawaii  8 5 hour flight to alabama tomorrow with 3 kids and a black lab 
"holy humidity!!!! damn, it's hot  alabama has more fried food than i have ever seen "
3 days and counting till i am back in alaska 
anchorage in 6 hours   enjoying a v t  in minneapolis 
a balmy 59 degrees in anchorage   heading to fairbanks in about 6 hours 
"back from alaska  no sheep, saw 3 grizzly bears  one 60 yds from my tent, couldn't get any since the season didn't open till sept  those are some serious lucky bruins   90 degrees in fairbanks  sitting by the wood river waiting for the bush pilot getting tanned   smile "
"planting 6 acres of food plots on my deer lease this weekend  need my atv's to get out of the shop \pronto\"""""
happy birthday brayden  !!! 3yrs old 
go penn state!!! a hour's drive away and i couldn't get tickets   damn!
go eagles!!!!!!!!!
start vick!!!!
like i said  start vick and keep starting vick  
is excited that his first batch of beer is fermenting   
loves my hot tub after a long day in the field    
"tuning my bow in prep for the upcoming season  food plots planted, now it's a waiting game "
riverfront wine festival on saturday     can't wait!
bow season is open! need to set up my game cam 
gotee or no gotee?
"is excited that plans to hunt alaska next year are already in progress  grizzly, moose and wolves  oh my!!!!!!"
"everybody wanted me to do it, him most of all  i felt like he was up there, waiting for me to take the pain away  he just wanted to go out like a soldier, standing up, not like some poor, wasted, rag-assed renegade  even the jungle wanted him dead, and that's who he really took his orders from anyway   (my favorite quotes from my favorite movies)"
"may god have mercy upon my enemies, because i won't - general <propfirst> patton jr"
"once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more, or close the wall up with our english dead! in peace there's nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility; but when the blast of war blows in our ears, then imitate the action of the tiger: stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood     <propfirst> shakespeare"
"i am a veteran, and a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, including their life  regardless of personal political views, that is an honor, and there are way too many people in     this country who no longer remember that fac   t           copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran "
heading to the tree stand  there is a 5x5 with my name on it  
ran 5k in 24 flat   now goal in 4 months   21 smile 0 
"flee not, leaving behind, fallen on the ground, the elders whose knees are no longer nimble  for it is a disgrace when an older man, his hair already white and gray of beard, falls in the front line and lies before a younger man  so let every man bite his lip and with, both feet firmly on the ground, take his place for battle      "
"was asked what greek battle i would have liked to be in? my response \thermopylae\"" quoted by a spartan king  \""free men fight harder than slaves\"""""
"can't decide,  the crow soundtrack or se7en   both are great!"
vick for mvp!!
"thanks everybody for the happy birthday's  it was a good day being catered to, by my family  yes, i am spoiled alexis   smile "
i have got to get back to my home    alaska!!
who else plays cod black ops??
brown bear in may!  hurry up spring!
i want to go somewhere for a week  were should i go?
i am looking at doing a volunteer wildlife conservation e playful edition in south africa  will be there for 5 weeks studying predators 
