fd3673f93d86555d7d3a81bae3ce5faa
hell yeah! bruins up 3-0 in the series   
woot celtics stay in it!
woot celtics in 6!!! go home lebron!! mvp my ass
that was the sloppiest and most undisciplined hockey i've seen in a long time    
oooo    celtics ruin the magic's perfect playoffs
"celtics dominating the magic, and i love it!"
woot celtics! another trip to the nba finals!
bring on the lakers!
"<--- worked all day, cause my job doesn't care if it's a holiday  playful "
"woot, celtics give the lakers their first playoff home lose!"
off to watch game 7 with some friends  go celtics!
ahhhhh      monday over with and tuesday off    it's nice to schedule a day off just for the sake of it 
i don't think i've felt this physically spent in a long time      blah   
i swear    the 2 weeks leading to the 4th of july have to be the crappiest work weeks of the yr 
woot spain! time to take it to germany!
woot spain 1-0 over germany!!
i'm gonna say germany comes out very angry from there lose to spain and stomps uruguay 4-0
for the record    if lebron didn't want to deal with competition he could have gotten a sex change and been <propfirst> <propfirst> with 15 wnba titles under his belt  would have been easier   just saying lol
woot spain!!!
"wow today sucked, i'm exhausted "
boooo rehab's for quiters!
*sigh* stress     life's silent killer  playful 
ahhhh    out at 4     early day    it's been too long
"so sick of hearing <propmale> smith is the best rb ever     he's great, don't get me wrong, but <propmale> sanders > <propmale> smith"
"    wonders how things can be just within reach, but yet so far away at the same time  "
stole so family photos from others  seeing i have so few  playful  sorry all
so <propmale> coffee retires and westbrook signs a 1yr deal with the 49ers    interesting  
"watched all of west <propfemale> vs marshall    wow, what a crazy game  amazing comeback by wvu"
wow      that's some seriously sloppy play by miami     shooting themselves in the foot over and over  
ahhh     nothing like coming home to shitty news  
"going to see devil in alittle bit  hope the movie's good    m  night shyamalan seems to be a hit or miss with me, never in between"
"bought the new <propfirst> hood, with <propmale> crow at the mall  also snagged <propmale> of persia while we were there  keep hearing good things about it, so figured we'd give it a go "
can't stay on for more than 2mins at a time    stupid comcast    
ughhh    i'm not feeling so good this morning    
"please put this as your status if you know, or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will                you    make       this your status for at least 1 hour?"
some days you just wish you had those you are without so much more than usual   
"i am an un-apologetic american! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do for fear of offending someone! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone "
"so after playing threw all of the new call of duty's campaign     can't say i'm too impressed  has a lot of little annoyances threw out the campaign  multiplayer is pretty good though  map designs seem well done, but lacking in maps with elevation differences "
another yr older  playful 
"manny pacquiao wins yet again, pretty dominantly     though there were a few rounds where <propmale> looked like he might take control with his size advantage "
happy thanksgiving to all    and a big shout out to my wife who put a ton of time and effort into an amazing thanksgiving dinner 
that was a beautiful 45-3 beat down on the jets    i could not have asked for a better result 
gonna try for an early bed time tonight     
another early bedtime tonight     been doing a lot of sleeping lately
"saw tron earlier today, and gotta say, it was phenominal  easily in the top 3 movies of the yr "
"4 days of work, then off til <propfirst> 5th   "
tonight is just not my night     
bah   was hoping to see my family for the holidays    but not looking like that's gonna happen 
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family  i hope everyone's christmas is filled with laughter and joy 
"huh    didn't realize that new movie the fighter with <propfirst> wahlberg actually takes place in <propmale> <propfemale>    for my friends who prob don't know, i was born there and grew up a town over  now i want to see it  playful "
i guess i should sleep
"boooo   my daughter is sick throwing up, and now i'm coming down with it    not a good way to spend vacation"
you win if you can say this phrase very quickly and very loud your first time threw       eye yam sofa <propmale> we <propmale> did      lets see who gets this    
"breaking news: practice at jets stadium was delayed 2 hours yesterday after a player found a white powdery substance on the ground  police and homeland security investigated  e playful erts determined that the white substance, unfamiliar to most of the players, was in fact the goal line  practice will resume since the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again  all <propfirst>'s fans please post!"
ugh    i feel like shit this morning  
i guess it's bed time   
ugh    it certainly doesn't feel like it's just monday   
thinking of calling it an early night     not something i do too often  playful 
wow     woke up this morning feeling like i got hit by a train     not a good way to kick off a tuesday  playful 
sometimes the lack of just one thing in life can make your entire world seem incomplete
tomorrow's friday     here's to hoping for a smooth day at work to end this week 
"to sleep or not to sleep, that is the question"
pancakes for dinner     always fun
"just watched buried with <propfirst> reynolds  i'm claustrophobic, so that movie kind of messed with me lol"
miami with the season sweep over la    
yeah uconn with the big east title      
gonna be half asleep all day today i think      booo mondays  
so with the nflpa decertified and with the lockout going on    there's no more player conduct policy in effect for off field incidents       this could get interesting lol
hmm    my friends list is refusing to load   
guess it's time for bed   
battle la was a great movie    strongly recommend it  portrayed the us marines very well in the movie   
ahhhhhhhh     the weekend    
did some splurging today    got a new xbox 360 with the kinect in a bundle package  kids are absolutely loving it
watched the fighter tonight     excellent movie
crunchy peanut butter on celery is a good time    
is it the weekend yet  ?
