3bb6fddf3d521aaf13c205ae642bf36c
i officially live by the beach now    officially!
"i have a room now, instead of a hole with all of my crap in it  hooray "
i like cthuugle com
"cool, there should be some partying going on because my birthday is the 27th and my girl's is the day after    should be pretty sweet  just fyi, i moved so i'm not near la    but i am near san <propmale>- which is a way cooler town "
ignore my last status  it was a wall-post  i wish fb would stop changing everything 
just heard 'gas in my car' by skankin' pickle for the 1st time in ages  meeemmmmoorrrieees 
we are always sixteen 
"he's pretty much been going back to make preparations of the move  as for me, life's been about the same  i have no real reason to complain  i don't remember where the bar is exactly, but it's called la cita and i think it's on hill and 4th  it's called p"
we are allways 16 
i'm so effin' bored! how can this be?
i got one eye on you and one eye on <propmale> <propfirst> 
my demi-weekend was not nearly enough rest 
just went 6 hours without going diarrhea or vomiting    i'm proud of myself 
"you load 16 tons and what do you get? another day older and deeper in debt  st  <propfirst> dontcha call me cuz i can't go, i owe my soul to the company store "
official hs bidness tonite! hooray beer!
spent the night eating rancheritos and chamoy    so everything's ok 
i can haz interview now? kthnxbai 
people use fb to bitch    a lot 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone  personalized replies due date is tbd 
i can haz noo betta job now? kthxbai 
can't get a break   
"finally! i got all this school shit [mostly] taken care of    gonna miss my kiddos, though  ps - go see <propfirst>, unless you only watch movies with gunfights and or e playful losions "
in 2 and a half hours i won't be a cardigan 
i've got blisters on me fingers!
"seriously, i just went through my friend updates and everyone is talking about kanye    kill your tvs everyone!"
"wetting the bed is like your body's way of saying \get up for work you drunk!\"""""
get to see the kiddos at my new job today!
"ast hooked it up with more hours, i'm stoked  ps- i still want to go back home, but this place will do for now "
event of the century- get <propfemale> tix for creed w  staind
"how come nothing on 4chan is as funny as the pic i found yesterday (which was only a screencap of 4chan)? ps - dear 4chan, moar lulz plz "
yay for same day cancellations! i made infinity dollars an hour today  and how come there's no infinity character emoticon?
"hey, go to fright night tonight! there'll be tarot, tea leaf reading, loud music, constumes and anything else that's fun and semi-godless  plus it's all for a good cause  so everyone put down the scrabble sets or whatever else it is that you're doing that's boring and come out  frisco's in lbc 4750 e  los coyotes diagonal, long beach 90815  $5 with a costume "
fuck <propfirst> buzzo and his law  i'm glad that people will only remember him for being a pain in the ass 
"just got back from work, now i need to work!?!?"
"anyone that knows about film cameras should send me a message  i just got one and need af mount lenses (for cheap, real cheap) and knowhow    please "
"i sure would love to have a working phone again, if i did i wouldn't have had to wait at my client's house for 30 minutes, then spend another 15 looking to find a payphone    i could have just called and not even showed up  ps - don't bother calling me because my $200 paperweight doesn't have service right now, and it won't until i find $450 "
"new phone # people, it'll be on my facebook here in a sec "
while job hunting (again) i found an opening for mixed martial arts instructor for kids between the ages of 4 and 8 at oc fight club  does anybody else see a problem with this?
"i can haz underemployment benefits nao? o wait, howabout full employment? kthxbai "
today was good 
three callbacks today    i just *might* end up staying in the states afterall 
the only thing you should all be thankful for this year is that i don't have my own nuke  also for christmas i want a picture of black jesus or the black last supper 
"i got my old, aussie passport today  the nationality listed? australian    gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside  still can't eat vegemite, though "
"hella stuff to do today this week  statement of purpose, letters of rec, transcripts    blah "
facebook made me delete the titty-ass boner     sad 
i really need to bite the bullet and fix my window   
leave it to the aussie professor to pull through and write me a great letter- good on ya professor <propfirst> 
dear edd: thanks for my $78 unemployment check  i'll cook it up and eat it for as much good as it'll do me 
"just applied to two more grad schools, gracias mi amor "
gres tomorrow- i haven't been this stressed over a test since i slept with that homeless guy 
gres in 4 hours  yikes 
disregard my earlier post  i failed  i think i'll join the army now 
i got a raise  hooray!
how does listening to 'israelites' make me feel better about being broke?
"normally i love rain, but not when my driver side window is broken "
it's finally australia day! too bad there's not celebrations to speak of today 
"ok, so i finally have insurance  i want to see a shrink; but i can't until 3 14 or else it will be a pre-existing condition  also, if i seek help it's a pre-existing condition  so i just looked without using my id number and guess what? lots of psychologists, but none are certified- really blue cross? guess it's better than no coverage "
people always tell me to have faith    i do have faith- in random anonymous blackmail 
i'm going to see the specials!
"heaven help you if you can't hold your job act together  put a smile on it or it's cat food for dinner tonight  a decade of cat food is 3,652 cans "
i'm like a lost puppy right now 
"oh god, another week  here we go   "
"screw you too uci! i didn't want to get a phd there anyway, you  assholes! ps your campus sucks ass and the food tastes like shit "
looks like it's off to the army for me 
this weekends reminders: a rolled foot and a serious case of concert ear  now back to the grind 
can't catch a break 
i only need $700 to become a certified hypnotherapist  whatta country!
seems like everybody's having a shitty day  good thing i took a nap 
thinks @<propfemale> mejia is a very handsome lady and is very fond of her 
quitters never fail and failures never quit  i just thought of that 
stupid fuckin x-box broke again  looks like it's dumb ol' books for me 
"my <propmale> just tied his shoes today! no tears, complaining or help- he just did it (too bad they weren't nikes, heh) "
moar pew pew    less qq
is chasing the green <propfemale> 
fuck bar pink! buncha twats!
r i p  my beard 
"i got a talking to about my tps reports six times this week, 4 via email and 2 in person  fuck this shit, i need to have a meeting with the bobs "
i don't care what song you like  stop posting youtube music videos 
"i wish i was on some australian mountain range  i got no reason to be there, but i imagine it would be some kind of change "
"one year with my amor and my life has had its ups and downs, but it wouldn't have been the same without her "
i'm missing the us  england game qq 
who would win in a fight? blackula or blackensten 
go aussie!
damn you ast!
i lost a client today: always a bummer  at least i lost him because he's progressing and mom doesn't feel like she needs my help anymore 
intarwebs! jesss! (see? no blackberry icon at the bottom of the post) 
"my little dude \graduated from <propfirst> school\""  it made me smile """
"okay, i don't know details but hepcat is coming up  apparently it's a $10 show, and i got an email from ticketmaster saying if you use the ticket code 'tuesday' you get two-fer-one tickets  what do people think?"
"i just got an email saying 'thanks for your compliance', and the other day my supervisor told me about how her daughter 'eloped'  i hope i don't end up a therapist that uses the jargon in my everyday lexicon "
thanks to the power of denial i'm immortal 
rushed out the door this morning to get to my fill-in session and sure enough the family wanted to cancel  why does everyone cancel now that i don't get paid for it?
saw the hbo <propfemale> grandin move  i liked it but <propfemale> <propmale>'s <propfemale> was more like a cross between <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> s  thompson 
"time to start up with my over-40 hour a week, 6 day a week schedule again  yay "
my new kid had two spaceman sets and didn't even wanna play astronauts today     sad 
my gi
my girl just gave me some chips and salsa and beer while i play video games because my dinner wasn't ready- and i didn't even ask her  now that's a down-ass jaina 
i work too fuckin' much 
got out of my first client late because he couldn't stop listening to the blues soul station on my phone  so cute   
maybe i should move sooner-
http annoyed  www bbc co uk news world-11139960 (stolen from <propfirst>)  i can't wait to get my real passport 
aley county fair today  anyone wanna come eat turkey legs and see some cholos? gimme a ring 
la fair game: homies are 5 pts; teen moms are 20; smoking drinking pregnant woman is 50 and 100 pts if she's a high schooler 
"time to play the wait for work game, gah "
it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here!
i just won a 4v1 all by myself in reach!
why am i up so goddamn early on my day off?
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the death<propfemale> when it was obliterated by the rebel terrorists  the empire brings unity, but the rebel terrorists continue to <propmale> division and hatred  265,675 imperial citizens died in the terrorist attack against the death <propfemale>; 93% of you won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour ?"
got a big day of gaming ahead of me 
<propfemale> mejia just gained 575  playful s and leveled up by attending the midnight release of fallout: new vegas 
"happy birthday dizz, in your honor i'm only eating salt peanuts today "
"no rrod today, yay! oh wait, e74    fuuuuuuuuu"
"hell yea, i just landed my r c chopper on the fridge next to the lucky charms without losing any of our brave men, now for a safe evac   "
<propfirst> carlin narrated the old <propfirst> the tank engine cartoons 
"ok everyone, we set the date for september 24th so go get your passports updated because it's in tj  ps - open bar"
why am i up so damn early?
it doesn't really feel like halloween to me this year  maybe i accidentally grew up 
"well, it looks like jello biafra is a prophet after all  now mellow out or you will pay "
saturdays suck ass  all of you having good saturdays suck ass too  i'm grumpy 
baldheads in sc got no riddim  qq
"ok, i beat new vegas    what now?"
: 1 part commodoties trader and 1 part medieval moneychanger 
es chiqueado
can we play 'battleshots' soon?
i got one of my little dudes into <propmale> and hobbes today- glad to know i did something productive 
yo gabba gabba!
stay funky 
rip my glasses 
when did you first learn that jesus was a black jew?
10 monsters for $10 = 100 monsters for $100! fuck yea
"well well, if it isn't the mass exodus of the cartoon characters "
now that all the pictures are down can i go back to smacking my kids when they don't listen?
who is electric sharctothrilla?
"walking dead only has 6 episodes!?!? i'll be waiting season, two    (ps - no spoilers plz, i'm not done with the whole season yet) "
"alright, my money was approved  now i just have to wait "
who wants to have a real festivus this year? complete with the pole and the airing of the grievances? i'd like dec  23rd but that's kinda tricky for me 
"ok, moving is stressful enough but now i have a leaky roof to deal with to boot  i have to tell my landlord i'm leaving my lease early *and* he has a potentially large repair on his hands    this can't end well "
ps - tickets to oz have been paid for 
"radio clash on 94 9, <propfemale> christmas to me!"
"old recordings of <propfirst>'s show, 'london calling' on 94 9  <propmale>!"
i saw a <propmale> on the freeway 
happy new years  to all the aussies  next year i'll be celebrating before all you american suckers  have fun stuck in the past bitches    i'm going to the future!
"anyone wanna live in san <propmale>? do you know someone who does? i gotta rent my apartment to somebody, it's a cheap and good apartment conveniently located near multiple bars, sushi restaurants and the beach trail "
"oh yea, next time you make an 'aussies are criminals' joke just remember that <propfemale> and <propfemale> were penal colonies too "
"aussie bank account is go!! well, tomorrow it will be "
"thelonius monk beer, specials, misfits, mexican coke in a bottle and a carnitas sandwich  good dinner "
"slackers farewell, doesn't get any better "
i'm infirmed and non-ambulatory  what's worse is <propfemale> is tryinbg to kill me to get my $0 04 million 
to those of you who believe in zodiac: is your behaviour going to change now that you have a new sign?
at first i heard rocksteady it thrilled me to the bone 
http annoyed  m cnn com primary _bhn21a-ij8eqihx8s
"last day of work today  though there won't be much work happening today  <propmale> e  cheese counts as therapy, right?"
"rancid (2000), i promise never to forget you again "
all my ish is on sale on cl  if you need anything lemme know and i can sell give you some of it 
happy australia day  and then it's australia day here tomorrow  two for 1!
i'm selling my car and it's clean now  who wants it?
i'm selling my xbox 360 and it's clean now  who wants it?
"ok, so i was googling unemployment rates because i like to be a prophet of doom annoyed 12 4% in cali (and holding steady), 9 1% in the us  then i typed '<propfemale>' in google- 7 2%! wtf    oh wait, that's <propfemale> county, tx  phew "
"car's still for sale, who's gonna make me an offer?"
"my car is sold, all my chino irvine people: can i get a lift to my going away party, and prolly back home?"
"new plan, i have lots of shit  furniture, cds, etc  most of it is free, the bigger ticket stuff costs money  come get that shit  car is 80% sold, don't know for how long i'll have it  so i may be stranded "
disneyland fucked my shit up 
"car's still for sale, needs spark plugs- lemme know "
"thanks to everyone who came out yesterday, it was a blast and i'm happy to have seen everyone  the downside: the fact that i'm leaving is now painfully real- but i got a <propmale> to say bye to everyone "
"made it safely to oz, though the flight and quarantine was a pain in the ass  fiji was great and when i get my own intarnets and cellphone i will be making contact with everyone  also, melbourne kicks your city's ass "
"still in oz, it still kicks ass  still no time to post pictures, but they will be up eventually "
we had the whole crew under one roof for the first time in years   smile 
decided to show some gumption and hand in a resume  too bad they moved a couple of months ago 
"i successfully navigated from north <propmale>, to south <propmale>, to federation square, to <propmale>   laugh "
"to all my usa people: i'm going to be calling people, so if you get a call from a 0400 or unavailable number, it's me "
i'm pretty sure a catholic saint doesn't want us screwing in his memory 
i've never been called overqualified for a real job before    feels good brah 
"job interview today, taking care of five autistic kids at once "
"ok, i'm really tired of filling out applications "
"is it just me, or has fb become a way to check up on long lost people to make sure you're more successful than them "
why does watching cricket feel so right?
"what's a \oscar's\"" """
i must be the only person overqualified for 50% of jobs and underqualified for the other 50% 
i have two missions: buy a hat and freak out the normies 
"i have a job interview with the salvos, can't forget my tambourine "
now i have an interview at a catholic school  i have my cross and have been taking communion all day 
"hearing the bells at st  <propfirst>'s makes me wanna go out, but it's too cold "
burn in hell live at the town hall!
"i got rejected from more jobs, luckily i got a 'raise'"
i got a job teaching social skills to kids on the asd  start a week from monday 
i'm sorry nate's dog died too 
you meet the most interesting smells on the tram 
i had a great day at the zoo with my family  pictures to follow 
now that i have free health insurance i can pursue my passion for roof jumping 
any tips on winning the lottery?
"i got two jobs, and actually told them they needed to put me at the top of their payscale for me to work there  and it worked! whaddacountry "
the sound of the f1 race sounds like thousands of clockwork wasps wreaking havoc in the city  its cool 
i will always bruk out  hs always
i've been officially dubbed 'uncle hello <propfemale>' 
the stars go in and the stars go out  punk rock's what it's all about  even when you're chillin out 
"day-um, shit just got real  real real "
i'm now a public servant  hellooo fringe benefits 
looks like somebody has a 5 day weekend coming up   
rip <propmale> tarantino  i was never a huge fan but you were one hell of a filmmaker 
"i just found out <propmale> smith wrote the music for 7th heaven    yes, the tv show "
apparently oregon is playing classical music at tram stations to keep people from loitering    stay classy portland 
3d brain reference tool on my phone ftw!!!!!!!1
"i'm on a train, bitch  stop hatin'! why you hatin'!?!?"
they should have free samples of deodorant on every train platform  that'll be my campaign when i run for mp 
i want a pen made out of a piece of the titanic 
's got wheels now  laugh 
wooo! go padres! i hope you beat notre dame 10-luv 
"got a busy day of playing video games, i'll probably get overtime as well  guess my sunday's ruined "
stupid crappy rain 
3 day weekend is total win!
so i'm getting paid to go to <propfemale> park tomorrow  its a tough job but somebody has to do it 
"20 4 doesn't have the same ring to it as 4 20  hope you have fun, hs "
"yay, no soccer today  my body can recover "
let the five day weekend begin!
house of pain was a bunch of white guys? mind=blown 
i can't believe its already almost friday again  next week is gonna draaaaaaaag 
welcome to costco    i love you 
see what staying up all night gets ya? a free bike!
"if i see the meme about the birth certificate one more time i'm going to lose my shit  also, i get it- everyone is stoked he's dead but lets all stop carrying on like we got the most gold medals at the olympics and maybe try to be a bit more dignified "
hooray for wednesdays off 
"y&j can kiss my fat <propfemale> ass, buncha inbred bogan piles o' shit  tell me i'm \ too drunk\"" when i'm more cogent than they can ever hope to be """
