ab5813e0b28611bc17bc0eea5915856f
i have nothing to do and i am really bored 
had the worst sleep last night and wants to do something today 
aw <propfemale> is so cute!
might see public enemies on saturday! (=
bored to death and really want to do something with someone today 
going to <propfemale>'s house! (=
just got home from <propfemale>'s a little while ago  i had fun  (=
"first term  <propmale> 1 mr  <propmale>, senior chorus mr  mishler, 9th american history mrs  koch, english 9 mr  moyer  this schedule is very confusing to me "
i have two classes with friends and thats it  i was bored all day   
just got home from being in an accident 
is going to be sick all freaking weekend  )=
going to dorney park this weekend i don't care if i am sick it is something to do  hopefully they have a lot of rollercoaster because if they do i am going on them all 
going to a party at my aunts house in an hour 
leaving for dorney park!
got home from dorney park a little while ago 
just got home a few minutes ago  have nothing to do all weekend 
does not want to go to school 
"i just saw a headline that said \man made house out of legos\"" that is freaking cool!"""
just finished watching the last house on the left the gore was awesome but the movie sucked 
just finished studying for the ninth american history test tomorrow i hope i get an a on that test because i never study 
since my computer is being really annoying and won't leave a comment on logans comment i am going to vo tech to be in law enforcement 
really does not want to go to school tomorrow    it is a half day who wants to go to school on a half day?
is not looking forward to an hour and a half of american history and who knows how long for math 
can not wait until the next break! that is all i look forward to getting off of school 
thirteen days until beak! can't wait to get out of school i really don't like school at all 
"neext week all we have are two and a half days  man, christmas is finally here  finally!"
i have been sick since sunday and have to represent a stupid project in american history to the class tomorrow  i can't wait! )=
i hate the people in my classes! not having a good day  at all!
we have a two hour delay!
just finished stupid definitions and meanings for english  what is the point of it?
no school tomorrow and a half day on friday if we are even going to school friday  can this week get any better?
i hope we do not have school tomorrow and if we do i am going to be miserable even though it is a half day 
not looking forward  to school tomorrow 
i am getting my hair cut tomorrow  layers and side bangs is what i am getting 
it squeaks when you bang it thats what she said - <propfirst> <propfirst>
watching scrubs!
got my hair cut an hour ago  i get side bangs and i like them 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
i just saw the video the grapist! it is halarious!
get to leave early today at 12 smile 0!
rube goldberg project today! )=
i had a good day today i actually did something this summer that was fun  i hope i have more fun before the summer ends 
i am really loathing the day we go back to school  it is slowoly sneaking up and i don't like it  anyone else agree?
i am up way too early 
i'm sore from gym    i am such a weakling 
party at two  the only exciting thing i have done this weekend 
had fun at the parade tonight 
i would rather be a crying pussy than a faggy emo kid  i love you butters!
<propfemale> christmas!
