afe18af5b44548692979363b6b328e27
feels a bit depressed today   emotions flying and sharp removing 
"i fully support obama and his healthcare plan   and anyone who doesn't, hasn't gone to do the doctor with the flu just to received a 14 thousand dollar <propmale> 2 weeks later "
feels like unabashedly balling my eyes out right now   life sometimes traps you   what am i suppose to do to break free?
i miss you mom 
why does anyone even give a rats ass if obama won the 2009 nobel peace prize?
"*cough cough*  i feel an infection disease, or possibly the plague "
tired of everyone taking vacations around me   doesn't anyone think that maybe iiiii would like to f*cking leave this place?
why didn't you tell me that you broke your tail bone?  i am your son you know 
"ugh, i didn't get much sleep last night   i wish i was still in bed "
i get weak in the knees i can hardly speak i lose all control and something takes over me   
another day in the life   bleh 
"lay back, enjoy the show   everybody gets, everybody gets low "
"it's not meant to be like this, not what i can't ignore   i don't want to feel like this   so that makes it all your fault "
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, whether we do or do not speak often, please post a comment of the first memory of you and i that pops into your head  when you are finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
"i won't leave and i can't hide, i cannot be   until you're resting here with me, and i won't go, and i won't sleep and i can't breath, until you're resting here with me "
"there he goes, there he goes again, racing through my brain and i just can't contain   it begins "
who wants to be ordinary in this crazed up world?
i love moby   good music for the soul    smile 
"missed grandma gimzy, but life goes on   thanksgiving was great "
not happy 
    they won't come true   why?  because i want them so bad 
"i posted two new pics, and i'm smiling in both!"
posted 2 new pictures and i'm smiling in both of them!  for <propfemale> and <propfemale>  (now you can stop harassing me for more)   smile 
going to enjoy my day that will be spent playing call of duty   i'm always in the mood for murder   laugh   hope everyone's day is splendid 
rockin' out   enjoying my day   how about everyone else?
all good things come to an end   life has a way of reminding you of that   
"we build it up, just to break it down again, though we wish for gain, all we get is pain "
you ever hear the saying nice guys finish last?  well that applies to me   life 
"music's got me feeling so free, we're gonna celebrate  celebrate and dance so free, one more time "
"music's got me feelin' so free, we're gonna celebrate   celebrate and dance so free, one more time   you got nothing on me   watch out "
its only the next day    just kidding!!  happy new year!  laugh 
don't feel too good   beginning to feel feverish 
"currently (desperately) trying to sell some of my paintings so i can afford new supplies   if you know anyone who likes pop <propmale>, send them my way   also, i will do commission work also   message me for more info   pls!"
my <propmale> is for sale and it's located in my mobil photo album   i desperately need to sell some it in order to continue to paint   i need more supplies   if you're interested send me a message!  thanks friends 
buy my paintings!  check them out in my mobil photo album   thanks friends 
"buy my paintings!  check them out in my mobil photo album!  let me know what you think, i have to sell them "
"interested in having a beautiful painting hanging on your wall?  commission one with me! prices are flexible, e playful lore your imagination and get back to me!"
buy my paintings!  gotta sell them in order to keep painting them 
buy my paintings!  check them out in my mobile photo album 
"slowly but surely i'm becoming anti conan o'brian   stupid pictures of him everywhere   he's already super ugly, shit at least put out an attractive picture drawing photoshop (meaning you don't know how to draw) of him out there   shiiiiit!"
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment \"",2010-02-06 03 smile 4 surprise 8""",afe18af5b44548692979363b6b328e27,"go steady with me   i know it turns off when i, get talkin' like a teen   you're directing me   "
"love life, just don't like the cost of it "
"would've made sacrifices, just to get a taste of what it was like to live then   "
"so far, been the best <propfirst>'s day in my 24 years of life   you're amazing "
"has been sucked into the 30's, 40's, and 50's jazz music   i love this stuff!  i don't understand why we don't hear more of it now   feeling    groovy "
slept pretty well   looking forward to a new day   and hopefully won't be any extra stresses 
"hmm, e playful lain something to me   i applied for a job at best buy who, when running a background check, looks to a consumer reporting agency called choicepoint   i search choicepoint in google and it brings up some \cover\"" website called lexis (blah blah blah) """
"listening to <propfemale> imbruglia with missa, jumping up and down, dancing around   i love the 90's "
there goes my faith    sad 
"well, gotta hope for the best "
"watching duplicity with clive <propmale> and <propfemale> roberts, good movie so far "
"wowowow, duplicity is an amazing movie!  a great turn in the end, never would've guessed it   a great movie is one you can't call the ending, and i can do that a lot "
too much to drink  too much trueblood and way to <propfirst> to sleep solid 
do ya tink i am de sexeh?
what do you call a giant retard with glow sticks?
"finally got an interview for a job!!  <propfemale>'s, in the mall, can't wait to blow them away!"
it's thoroughly annoying and rude when people cut you off   not even letting you finish your thought 
love when my gut gives me feeling of untrust   i dislike those that can't just be honest   they forget some people just know when it's happening 
siblings   enough said 
"ugh, the irritation   my gut was right, should learn to listen to it more "
am now an official employee of macy's!  yay!
"today was a phenomenal day   got a new job, that's going to push me to succeed   found a basis of understanding with one of my best friends, i love him very much   and feel incredibly content with myself and my surroundings    smile "
"we typically always want the things we can't have   but when i do want something, i'm aggressive and determined to get it   no one is gonna stop me or get in my way "
takin' a shower then i'm gonna play some call of duty mw2 with <propfemale> then call it a night   yay!
my gut is acting up again   wonder what it's about now 
"   i just can not sleep, my mind is chasing everything   so dream dream for meee, dream dream for meee "
had a great orientation at work today!  can't wait to get to the floor and start working    smile 
"mmm, ceasar salad with spinach leaves and a movie, the lovely bones   yay!"
"just got done watching the lovely bones   it was amazing!  the cinematography will blow your mind, and i couldn't believe how original the movie was   will never delete it from my computer "
"just got to <propfemale>'s house   checking my schedule to see if i have to work tomorrow, then i'm going to relax, eat my taco <propfemale> and catch up on justified "
"finally got caught up on justified   <propfirst> olyphant is a great actor, and to believe he's from <propmale>   wow "
*yawn*  coffee is what i need and want    annoyed 
"slowly but surely, i'm becoming a rock "
can't believe the book i'm reading right now   never thought i would end up reading a workbook 
"fine    i'm drunk, shit!"
"yes it's all false love and affection, you don't like me, you just want the attention   i'm not your toy, this isn't another girl meets boy   i'm loving la roux "
use to be a fat kid   lol 
yay!  avatar downloaded and so did drag me to hell   anybody have any suggestions on really good movies that were just recently released?
can't believe how cold it is outside   brrr   i'm just gonna stay in my bed for awhile   at least it's warm 
so pissed off right now  it's frustrating when you're friends can't see beyond the charm of a <propmale> 
slept so hard i woke up with blanket marks all over my face   ugh 
just got offered a full-position at <propfemale>'s   i accepted and will now be working in fashion watches!  yay!
i wish ups delivered on sunday    annoyed 
can't wait to start my new position at <propfemale>'s   time to leave the bullshit behind and fly   no one's gonna stop me     wink 
"i miss my best friend, my other half, and the real love of my life   i don't know how to function with you   :  ("
shaved my head    smile 
irritated at call of duty   i hate people who cheat 
had an amazing day at work!
"i can't believe kfc stopped making the twister wrap   that's just bad marketing, they lost my business "
the torture begins again!  another week until trueblood 
depressed about the changes that have to happen   don't want my best friend to move away   it's just not fair 
recieved employee of the month at work this morning!  makes me incredibly happy 
"had to wait for the cabinet guys to finish installing the marble countertops, before we could start packing up the living room, so i went swimming   now i'm burnt, but give it a day and i'll be bronzy   yay!  loving my life "
"cleaning cleaning cleaning   mopped, cleaned the bathroom, vacuumed, and put my laundry away   time to relaxxx "
misses his best friend    sad   makes my heart ache and my head spin 
so not the smartest thing i've ever done   rollerblading in 90 degree weather   *vomits*
a dream of mine was just crushed 
work is so slow 
i love you mom 
thank you everyone for the bday wishes  i'm 25 today    whoo 
got promoted to management yesterday!  yay!
just got home from work and i find myself rather annoyed  hmm 
day 6 in a run of 7  one more day after this and i get a day off     i need it 
absence makes the heart grow fonder   *sigh*
"ok so i have to complain   about lady gaga   i just watched the <propmale> music video   it kills me how catchy the song is however i can't believe the networks allow her to act like a slut in her music videos   it starts off pg but about halfway through it shows her, in basically nothing, acting like she's screwing some guy on a bed "
"it's a crime you let it happen to me, nevermind i let it happen to you  i don't mind forget it there's nothing to lose but mind and all the things i wanted   "
baking for <propmale>'s return    smile 
this is why i don't drink   sad 
had a nice night at work   it's great when you begin to feel more confident!
just woke up and i feel like an ethipoian (>'o'<)
working when your head is congested is a challenge all in itself 
so tired of being sick 
"is in one of those moods where everyone is equally hated   ahh, gotta love my days off    wink "
miss what my life use to be like   
remember   you're nothing if you're just another 
can't believe i'm awake this early on my day off   sad 
the big c is on  yay!
"best comment for the day thus far  \pickles are cucumbers soaked in evil\""    so effin' true """
had a good day at work   smile 
"it's funny when you think you're doing something nice and surprising for someone and when you tell them about it they seem completely disinterested    oh wait, you're always disinterested in anything <propfirst>  ugh   i'm tired of feeling like your garbage "
having a great time at the wine and cheese festival  ahhh  refreshing beer!
wish you were here to snuggle with me in bed   sad 
oh life has it's moments 
had the most amazing weekend of my life    love 
2 glasses of moscato down   i don't really feel to good after such a long day   i hope i'm not getting sick 
why is life so insecure from a distance  
reading my book   i really wish they would've turned the <propfemale> <propfirst> vampire <propmale> novels into a movie or an hbo special   oooo hbo would do good by it 
"feel as if today was a day from hell!  o o  oh life   i need music and wine, now!!"
so not in the mood to move from my bed 
coffee has to have some relation to jesus 
is it bad that it's 8 30 am and i'm tempted to dive into my bottle of mascato already?
someone just told me that i can be the sweetest but i seem bitchy at first   who agrees?
looked at the weather on my iphone and it's going to literally rain all week everywhere in the valley   it's going to be a long one 
work is crawling by  can't wait for holiday season to be over!
working a <propfemale> shift on xmas <propfemale>  oh joy!
<propfemale> christmas to everyone   i wish my bestie would call me 
ugh!  is the power ever going to come back on?!?
all these video games and i can't seem to find one that's satisfying   *sad panda face*
"i was driving to <propfemale>'s house earlier this evening when it was really foggy   and at the top of the hill it was so thick it was like i was in a cloud, and there were cows everywhere   literally giant beasts in the pasture   i thought i had lost it   smile "
oh the single life has it's downfall   waking up alone    sad 
"to non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets  1) they live here, you don't  2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3) chances are, i love my pets more than i like you  4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are my babies and family who are hairy, walk on all fours and don't talk back!"
"oh inventory, how you will be missed    not!!  smile  good night macy*s family "
the day after inventory is like the day after rough sex  you feel used and abused   then tossed to the side once your job is done  lol  thank god it's over!
"just got done doing a little reading on the zodiac   well   not only did they add a zodiac, but all the signs shifted   so i spent the first 25 years of my life as a cancer, even branded as one too, but now, i'm a fucking gemini!?!?!  i highly doubt that   gemini's are crazy   eek!"
feeling better  the swelling in my ears and eyes is gone 
had the weirdest dreams ever!
"\you don't know what is enough until you know what is more than enough \""- <propmale> goldstein"""
this car is giving me hell!
oh hell no!      lol  i've said that more today than any other days combined  don't ask me for a discount for my response is now known   smile 
wish i could yank my throat out and beat the swollen from it 
wonder girls obsession begins now!    i wan't nobody nobody but you   nobody nobody but you   
i hate when you order a medium drink and you end up getting a medium cup of ice that has two gulps in it   lamesauce!
"just realized the limitations i've put on my life and the impact it's had   an \aha\"" moment """
got promoted to sales manager today!  yay!
how much worse can this cough get   shiit!
