de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6
happy new year to all  close to the 24 hours up marker  i'll probably turn into a pumpkin then 
"spent the day sleeping, recovering, eating left over lasagna and tres leches  oh, and fighting to get dragon age loaded and the dlc downloaded  i think i'm abandoning pc gaming from now on outside of mmos  just popping in a disc and playing seems like an easier effing alternative  i've been dling the stone prisoner for hours now "
"do they no longer even try and do qa for pc games anymore? downloaded champions online for $10 and stalled at bugged end of tutorial mission  their solution: leave the instance for 30 minutes then try again  essentially, go play something else  well done, ass-hats "
woot! got a new phone  time to ditch the land line 
still learning all the neat things my phone can do  and making ring tones   playful 
"smashing my head against the poorly programmed brick wall that is \trying to sanction a venue for events with wizards play network \"""""
i would fight a hobo to the death for a hot fudge sundae right now 
one more day before my appointment with the allergist and i can start taking allergy pills once more 
contemplating giving myself a buzzcut  i'm sure hilarity will ensue 
mwahahahaha! bzzzzzzzzzzt!!! and i'm still awesome 
going to the allergist  i'm curious how they test what you're allergic to  for some reason i imagine them bringing out puppies and kittens and rubbing them against you 
"whee! random allergies! after 90 pokes, i am so far allergic to cats, dust mites, mice, gerbils, hamster, parakeets, and orange blossoms  i go back for two appointments worth of injections for further testing "
another successful game of d&d put to bed 
heat index gonna hit 110 this afternoon  sorry outside world but you're on your own today 
"i meet with my most dangerous enemy today, the dentist  there will be blood!"
dentist battle delayed until thursday  more time to study pressure points   
not bad  years since my last visit and only 1 cavity  dentist said it was pretty deep but also gave me a prescription for codine in case of pain  win!!!!!!
yay! gained more allergies  dogs and maleleuca added  can't wait to see what else makes the list on thursday 
"final results are in (no more betting)  allergies: dust, cats, dogs, parakeets, rabbits, gerbils, hamsters, maleleuca, australian pine, and orange blossoms  gonna be starting on allergy shots in a few weeks so we'll see how that goes "
"got my mind on my money, and my money on my mind "
"tell me baby are you lonely? don't wanna rush ya  i can help ya if ya only let me touch ya  if i'm wrong love tell me cause i get caught up and the life i live is hell see, i never thought i'd see the day when i would calm down, you ain't heard i've been "
next saturday's d&d game: agla 1-1 lost <propfemale> of the fey gods!!!!
"\you remind me of the babe  what babe? the babe with the power  what power? the power of voodoo  who do? you do  do what? remind me of the babe \"""""
so my personal recipe of allergens is ready  i get to go tomorrow and get injected and hope i don't die  rock on!
survived my allergy shots! paid to be evaluated to qualify to be certified to teach 
"who created \morning\"" and why did they make it happen so early?"""
going grocery shopping when you're hungry is never a good idea 
less than four hours of sleep and standing for close to 6 hours while running a d&d game makes me tired as hell 
laundry day  nothing exciting to see here  move along 
"happy birthday to me  let the month of festivities commence  or as ac dc put it, \have a drink on me!\"""""
"and for my birthday i'll be running a session of dungeons & dragons for folks and then going to eat at shorty's bbq afterward  all my players are invited, of course "
now that the last volume of 100 bullets is out it's time to reread the entire 13 volume series  hells yeah!
gencon getting closer and closer but not yet close enough 
waiting for our ride and taking off to indianapolis! peace out!
getting ready for the last leg of the trip to gencon 
drinks at an <propfemale> pub followed by a good meal and a bottle of wine at shula's steakhouse  today was a good day 
got back home finally  tomorrow gets to be spent doing laundry  and then i start getting ready to hit another con this weekend in <propmale>  i'm a mad man 
"body adjusting to being back home, and it's not happy about it  i miss the bed at the omni   "
"damn, still not recovered from gencon  my body is rebelling against my \not an awesomely comfortable king-sized bed\"" """
road trip to another 3 days of gaming 
got back in town after a weekend of d&d  tired in a good way 
$200 dollars for each subject area test for a temporary teaching certificate?!?! what the hell?!? seriously?
"so, completed the online application so i can work for the broward county schools system  printed up list of schools with positions for subs and am rewriting my resume for them  also writing up my resume for some jobs back with fpl since i know that i can do them since i did them in the past  these bases here, i got them covered "
"well, our flgs has suddenly closed its doors, so our saturday games are deader than the dodo  it would have been nice to get some earlier notice though "
this um-fsu game is like a roller-coaster  1 point difference in the 4th and i'm out of nails to bite 
"\i'm an educated fool with money on my mind \"""""
"oh look, the sun  i guess that means another sleepless night    troubled "
"got a test wednesday to see if i can get one of the jobs i've applied for  now the waiting begins    oh, and stop talking about kanye west! you're all fueling his publicity stunt!  troubled "
"took a test to prove that i could recognize patterns, do basic math, spell, and sort  woot "
power's back but the donuts are gone   laugh 
um looking good so far going into half-time  we just need to keep it up in the second half 
"yeah, kicking the ball out of your end zone so the other team can't jump on it isn't really allowed "
"the um game last night was pretty good  though i have to ask, wtf was with the two missed field goals in the 4th quarter?!?!? um let up a bit on g-tech, which never should have happened  the stomping should have continued until the end "
"omfg! who chose crap brown as the color to paint our building? seriously, this looks so horrible  i'll need to post pictures because no one who is not raving insane can think that this looks good  so, annoyance, noise, increase in fees, and a fuggly color  condo associations suck "
"saw wall-e, an indictment of consumerism, and district 9, an indictment on everything from multi-nationals to pmcs to human rights to apartheid  today was a good day "
"yay, house returns!"
woot! job interview tomorrow! $_$
opening play touchdown by the colts does not bode well for the dolphins   
the dolphins deserved to lose that one  too many mistakes and not enough cojones in the second half  bah!
"had an odd realization during the interview of how much  i've changed since the last time i worked there  lost family, gained family, seen life change everyone  all that was missing was some music and a close up "
saw house last night  not sure how i feel about it  i dislike the implied message that there's something broken with you if you don't feel the same way that everyone else does and that you need meds to fix it 
finally got to see the um game from yesterday  that was just some sloppy game play  too many mistakes and bad choices 
"\woke up in my clothes again this morning  don't know exactly where i am  and i should heed my doctors warning  he does the best with me he can \"""""
"\everybody knows that the dice are loaded  everybody rolls with their fingers crossed  everybody knows that the war is over  everybody knows the good guys lost \"""""
crap! i finished the fourth book in the song of ice and fire series and now have to wait until who the hell knows when for the next book   sad 
"did character generation for our starblazer adventures game  four phases, a lot of aspects, and an engineering genius man whore revolutionary  <propmale> wins for most effed up background "
"\for the love of money   \"" people will get a job! i will be employed come november  just need background checks and drug testing between then and now  might need some new grown-up clothes while i'm at it """
"i wish someone would tell white girls that dreadlocks don't make them look cool, it just makes them seem like they don't bathe "
"\a girl in love with a gleam in her eye  i was a younger boy all dressed in white  we're older now  do you still think about me?\"""""
"\i'm not looking back but i want to look around me now   see more of the people and the places that surround me now \"""""
"just finished the first session of our starblazer adventures mini-campaign, songs in the darkness  the session was a simple intro adventure which brought the group together and got them their cool new ship, the focus for the 6 session mini-campaign arc  we're taking next week off then starting the spotlight sessions, beginning with the engineer man-whore revolutionary   laugh "
"watched the mutant chronicles movie  not bad  noticed that it was isle of man, the same folks that do the current iron man: armored adventures show  i liked the almost steampunkish retro-tech "
"watching the recast of the um game from saturday  famu's got heart, i,ll them that "
this css telecast keeps skipping time  might as well call this a slightly extended highlights reel  note to self: never watch a game on css again 
"started watching the rome series from hbo  it gets my history <propmale> bones all a titter, since i wrote a 20 <propfemale> paper on the combat training and life of legionnaires  *glee*"
been watching the first season of lost  not too impressed so far  it's fallen into a repetitive pattern (crisis with flashbacks of one character) pretty quickly  i hope it gets better in the latter half of the season 
nice and cold this morning in south florida  if only it was always like this 
"10? how the hell does um win their game (by 20 points!) and still go down in the bcs rankings? i swear, someone with half a frickin' brain needs to come up with a better system that doesn't involve butterfly migration patterns and random cloud shapes "
"\wanna be free  gonna be free  and move among the stars  you know they really aren't so far \"""""
"finished lost season one   \the others\"" are scruffy dudes in a fishing boat? wtf? their swinging towards and then rapidly away from the supernatural is kind of irking me """
"new saturday routine: wake up with the sun, go grocery shopping, get shot up with allergens, fast food breakfast, feel crappy the rest of the day, gaming in the evening "
still recovering from um's heartbreaking loss yesterday 
"finished season two of lost  liked it better than season one, aside from all the pointless killings  obvious influences: the prisoner, fallout  remember, the vaults were never meant to save anyone "
"\though i know i'll never lose affection for people and things that went before  i know i'll often stop and think about them  in my life i love you more \"""""
"did they fire all the writers off of lost between seasons 2 & 3, because so far there has been a noticeable degradation in writing quality and character consistency "
it seems that much of the world has yet to catch up with the change from daylight savings time   
"great quote: \he's like gandhi but better: he likes puppets!\"""""
first week of work done  brain fried and tired 
"um did their job, now wake <propmale> just needs to score and finish off <propfemale> tech "
huzzah! looks like i'll be getting paid for last week! i can put the flamethrower away 
saw a piece of a horrible movie (nothing but trouble) which featured one of my favorite songs (same song) being performed by the band (digital underground featuring tupac)  it's like a razor-blade covered in butterscotch 
learned that i weigh about 20 pounds less than i thought i did  it would e playful lain why i can slide my pants on and off without having to undo them 
"heh, my level 57 wow paladin  took down a 59 elite demon single-handedly in under 10 seconds  i love retribution paladins "
first day back at the gym  the body will be punishing me for it tomorrow 
wisely decided not to attempt to wire a new stereo into my truck 
jalapeno flavored potato chips and banana nut muffins go well together  nice sweet stingy aftertaste 
"for all the folks on xbl or psn, send me your gamertags ids "
<propfirst> wk hosts a show where you blow stuff up and build stuff and blow more stuff up on cartoon network  how apropos 
so much stuff i need to do today that i'm having a hard time remembering it all 
learned that i can listen to pandora through my phone at work  downside is it eats the damned thing's battery like sugar crack  gonna need to invest in an adapter so i can charge it and listen to my headphones at the same time  and get some in-ear headphone while i'm at it 
"wednesday on a short week  it's like friday's little brother  oh snap, the last codex alera book is out! i know where i'm going after work "
4-day weekend! time to get my modern warfare on 
"spent the day hanging with my brother at his new apartment, watching the auburn v  alabama game, and playing some memoir '44  i don't think we've ever just <propmale> out alone "
goodbye cold front  back to the november 80's 
"finally getting the rhythm of demon's souls down  it took several character tries but the humble <propmale> seems to be the best class to start with  light armor, ranged spell, lots of room for improvement  picked up a spear, a bow, and a fire spell and i'm rocking "
my hatred of tuesdays continues 
been listening to some of rush's old prog-rock catalog from the 70s  some damned nice stuff  we need a return of the concept album  last good one i heard was judas priest's nostradamus homage album 
"nice end of year luncheon featuring rock band talent contest  sadly, shaking my money maker was not enough for my band to win   sad "
"let's go, alabama!"
"\jerry was a race car driver and he drove so goddamned fast  he never did win no checkered flag but he never did come in last \"""""
alabama was really classy to keep the score at 32-13 against the gators  they could've tripled florida's score but were merciful  classy move   laugh 
now to see if clemson can work similar magic 
"<propmale>, you suck!"
grr  getting over a head cold 
why don't people understand that the best way for me to get over being sick is to be left alone to sleep?
signed up for the pandora one service  i was gonna hit that 40 hours month limit pretty quick since i'm plugged in all day at work  lord knows i'll go postal without music to keep me soothed all day   smile 
moving on to the annoying cough phase   troubled 
clawing my way to 30 in modern warfare 2 and baking cookies  damn infinity <propmale> for disabling custom servers on the pc  xbox chatter is tiring 
sunday  cough's better  hit level 30 last night  time to school some noobs and shoot those damned double-shotgun bastards in the head 
"holy shit! went and saw avatar tonight  you can get the plot from the trailer, but it is technically amazing! they will be using this film as a reference for animation for years to come  this simply must be seen "
sniping noobs with a mini-uzi is tiring work but someone needs to school them 
don't got work until monday  time to start drinking 
"i don't recall drinking liquid fire yesterday, but here we are   "
the canes have come out hungry for blood!
why the f did miami wait until the last two minutes to finally get their shit together?
miami should not have even bothered showing up  what a horrible performance  some folks better get their shit together before next year 
"go bowling green! i've enjoyed your waffle house, motels, and restaurants  who knew you had a college and a football team too?"
"so, watching dragon wars on netflix streaming and my biggest question is why do the giant lizards with rocket launchers on their back wear leather spiked helmets with ear flaps?"
"happy new year, facebook mofos!"
"\the little conversations   if i tried my very best   you know i never could say anything in twenty words or less \"""""
the time of fridays has come  and it was good 
"\i woke up to a gray day  the sun was somewhere in the sky but damned if you could tell where with the solid wall of clouds  a cold wind angled the rain and tore through my coat as if it wasn't there  it was a damned good day to stay in bed  so why was i out here getting wet?\"""""
getting drunk off your ass on white russians and playing modern warfare 2 is a challenge  and one that i passed! even barely able to sit up in my chair and the noobs fell before me 
watching last night's episode of 24  i see the das boot guy is the current bad boss  can spanish conquistador zombie be far behind?
"just saw gi <propfirst> movie  wow, it was generated by rolling on the movie cliche tables apparently  not even bad enough to be bad  it was amazingly mediocre and bland "
finished mass effect 2  now to go back and replay mass effect 1 and <propfemale> that character through to part 2  mwahahahahaha!
still fighting this cold flu of death  going on almost a week now 
got a full physical (and i mean full  wink  and got antibiotics and drugs for this cold thing of death  best news: i don't have high blood pressure! now get off my ass! will get results for blood work in a week 
"worked a full day  well, didn't work too hard  drove up to <propmale> in bands of crappy weather  ate a meh meal with crappy service ($0 for the waiter)  time to crash in preparation of a full day of gaming  oh, realized that i forgot my sneakers  we'll be hitting walmart in the morning "
back from megacon  won a gundam crossbone x-1 fig from the gundamn panel  won a nice flip mat from paizo during the rpga games  time for some rest 
in a minis assembling mood  time to get as much lead painted as possible before it wears off 
this week seems to be taking its sweet time moving along 
running the d&d gameday event at cool stuff sfl tomorrow at 1pm  should be interesting and fun 
good turn out at d&d gameday today  ended up running a table of 8 because my back-up gm was ill  hope to keep enough steady players to maintain 2 tables  i just wish the store actually did more to support our games  hrrm 
monday  feh 
i don't know who thought that tuesdays would be a good idea but they deserve to be punched in the face 
let the week of suck commence   sad 
i think i can see friday just off in the distance   
fingers crunchy from dried superglue  stupid non-one piece miniatures 
trying to turn off an alarm with an arm that's asleep is a challenge 
played first game of malifaux tonight  tons of fun  my wife's kitten force tore through my dead hookers but they came back enough to eventually overpower them 
watched first volume of gundam unicorn  now i have to wait until fall for the next  dammit!  troubled 
weekend's over but i finished assembling all of my malifaux figures making up my second wave of ressurectionists  just need something for a flesh golem because i'm not too crazy about their model 
enjoyed a hater bot marathon during lunch today  rapekit and mr  cheese ftw 
"picked up the doctor who rpg  that is one tight little boxed set  no wasted box space so things don't rattle, includes dice, is full color, and is solidly designed all around  now just need some fellow fans to play with "
yesterday felt like friday at work with all the supervisors gone to some meeting  today seems like it will feel like unnecessary crap day   troubled 
"\i ain't got many friends left to talk to  no one's around when i'm in trouble  you know i'd do anything for you  stay the night but keep it under cover \"""""
i get a day off and i spend it being bored in my house  i hate unplanned free days 
"changes fill my time  baby, that's alright with me  in the midst i think of you, and how it used to be "
"\sometimes i sit and i dream on for hours  sometimes my hours they turn into days  i dream of a girl i once knew as a schoolboy  she is the one who could sing me away \"""""
"got to run my home-made d&d adventure today  it got a lot of positive feedback and a good time was had by all  much thanks to <propmale> donoghue of evil hat, whose siege skill challenge i generously borrowed from  now time to chill with some rush "
"almost forgot, my i'm not dead yet report: went to endocrinologist last week  he said i was doing very well and took me off gyburide metformin and the insulin injections  now it's just metformin 4 laugh ay instead  also added fish oil 2 laugh ay to vitamins to see about taking me off lisinopril  follow-up in august  things are looking up  just need to keep losing weight as well "
time for the sleep of the wicked  mwahahahahaha!
happy mother's day to all you mothers 
"\i used to trust the media to tell me the truth; tell us the truth  but now i've seen the payoffs everywhere i look  who do you trust when everyone's a crook?\"""""
"\people always turn away from the eyes of a stranger afraid to know what lies behind the stare \"""""
been on an operation: mindcrime marathon this week  in case you couldn't tell   smile 
today was the slowest day on record   
all day marathon in honor of dio 
"\all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy \"""""
"i swear, sometimes i can't figure out if i'm really smarter than i think i am or people are just even stupider than i believe    troubled "
"i don't know what it means that vh-1 classic has become the heavy fucking metal channel these days, but i approve "
"did laundry, ate a tuna sandwich, watched metal on tv, got caught up on 24 and doctor who  good day all around "
24 series finale: wussiest ending ever!
gearing up for the trip to oasis this weekend 
"happy birthday, old lady "
"got back from oasis last night  interesting convention  mix of ages and families  very laid back feel  this was the old school sci-fi fans, the kind that get their sci-fi  from books  e playful lains the older demographic "
"\time's short  your life's your own  and in the end we are just   dust 'n' bones \"""""
running two 4-hours d&d games and a weekly d&d encounters game makes for a long but fun saturday 
crap! it's still not friday 
sitting in a hospital room watching the world cup  they're still diagnosing my father-in-law 
"so, update: <propfirst>, my father-in-law, has a respiratory pulmonary infection which can be treated with antibiotics (good news)  still no conclusive verdict on the congestive heart failure  he may or may not be released tomorrow  they found white spots on his lungs from the cat-scan they did, so he's going to need to be tested to determine if they're lung cancer or not  that's all i know right now "
go aussies!
"grr, ac now deciding to stop cooling   "
"well, crap! ac's compressor is fried  need to get a new unit for the home  first my truck's transmission and now this  we're canceling birthdays and xmas for the rest of the year  and we're roasting without ac in the meantime "
fucking crap! paid $1300 to get my clutch fixed and it's stuck now! someone's gonna get a new asshole torn out by me 
"so between truck repairs and a new ac for the house we've just added several thousands of dollars more to our debt  on the good side, they're coming tomorrow morning to install the new ac unit "
happy father's day!
"\do you want my blood? do you want my tears? what do you want? what do you want from me?\"""""
grace jones is truly an under-appreciated artist  nuff said 
"saw the last airbender  it is as bad as you think it is  even divorcing it from the series, it's just bad, plain and simple  so disappointing   "
stunned that brazil choked like they did  many horses will be grilled in celebration of the dutch victory 
morning  time for breakfast then a nap 
woohoo! my dresden files rpg books arrived  all other business is canceled 
spain won the world cup  chili cheese dip for dinner  today was a good day 
"\i'm the new messiah  death angel with a gun  dangerous in my silence  deadly to my cause \"""""
"\i'll sing my song to the wide open spaces  i'll sing my heart out to the infinite sea  i'll sing my visions to the sky high mountains  i'll sing my song to the free   \"""""
"\i grew up fast  i grew up hard  something was wrong from the very start  i was fighting everybody  i was fighting everything  but the only one i hurt was me \"" -- social distortion"""
packing up to head to metrocon  woot 
back from metrocon  more to follow but i will say that it's nice to be able to take a poop using my own toilet again  life's simple pleasures 
"metrocon observation: metrocon is definitely better suited to the more   intense otaku  it's less family friendly, imho, and definitely skeezier  this of course is a reflection of the mouth-breathers present and no fault of the location or organizers  tampa just seems to be a larger weeboo magnet "
"metrocon observation: despite being located in downtown tampa there are next to no places to eat outside of the convention center  there was a starbucks, a champions in a hotel, and an <propfemale> pub within walking distance  the food at the con was reasonably priced, but wtf tampa?"
"metrocon observation: there were a large number of crafty people selling their wares and they were pretty good, especially the steampunk booth  however, most of the people who purchased tables at the artists' alley probably shouldn't have   annoyed "
metrocon observation: the amount of cross-dressing cosplay was very creepy  i have no problem with cross-dressing but these took it to a disturbing level  nothing like going into the restroom and seeing a line of guys touching up their make-up   
what does it mean when research topics suddenly pop into your mind while bored at work?
it's now my birthday  let the debauchery begin 
in honor of my birthday i think everyone should take a drink for each year i've been alive  the less hardcore can spread this out over the month   wink 
"to quote ice cube: \today was a good day \"""""
big ups for all the birthday well-wishing 
holy crap! piranha 3d! i am so totally there!!!
gencon begins and i will not be there  i'll miss the fun but my wallet is breathing a sigh of relief 
<propfemale> coke zero and coconut rum is mighty delicious!
i weep when i see how much property can be bought elsewhere for what we paid for our little condo  t_t
nothing like a light summer morning shower to turn the rest of the day into a hellish sauna 
"red sauce, my old nemesis, you win this round again "
"best bit from a comic book: \worry not   his very assholitude will ensure his survival! is it not a cosmic truism that assholes rarely meet the gruesome fates that they so richly deserve? therefore his agonizing death tonight remains unlikely at best!\"" -- empowered vol  1"""
it feels like one of those nights to howl at the <propfemale> 
why is it that the mornings when you get to sleep just before the sun pops up are always the mornings that they come to mow the lawn?  troubled 
"rainy sundays are made better with a stack of comics, a bag of doritos, and <propfemale> coke zero "
"after a week of vacation, i am having difficulty believing in 4 in the morning as a reasonable time to wake up "
"\and then one day you find 10 years have gone behind you  no one told you when to run  you missed the starting gun \"""""
\the captain crackles with the problems and the how's and why's  \,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,"preparing to copy all my data, wipe my machine and install windows 7  heaven help me   "
pc spent the day copying files over to my back-up drive  i guess i'll be spending the week with the rest of the install fun 
the planning on how to make it to gencon next year begins   
turn a gundam got licensed for us release? is there hope for gundam x showing up someday?
new album by the sword is out today  face punchingly good 
why is it so hard to find a solid flat platform frame without frickin slats?
*sigh* i've come to realize just how little our shitty place is worth  t_t
got home yesterday and went to bed  slept through to this morning  and i could still go back and sleep a few more hours 
so tired  i just want to go to bed 
the um season begins thursday  time to see if we can capitalize on all the talent we've got 
it all makes sense now  the real reason the cylons wanted adama killed was because they feared his wolfen powers!
taking care of a sick spouse today   sad 
"congratulations, dm  you killed my character  your tactic of ignoring everyone else and beating my cleric into the ground even when i was already down was a stroke of genius  you've drained all <propfemale> to play this character ever again  you win d&d  enjoy your well earned victory "
omfg! stop whatever you're doing and go watch machete right now!
and itunes completely resets everything with its new update apparently   
"in a social distortion mood annoyed \and i think about my loves", well i've had a few \de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,\just because they seem to understand the way you feel it\,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,my kingdom for a trencher chain gun or trencher cannon!
little helps settle the stomach like egg drop soup 
the inevitable purging of the contents of my stomach has finally come to pass  i hope this means none of the carbs get counted 
"boo! 4 turn overs! failed field goal! way too many false starts! wtf, miami?!?!"
"today's game: \let's see what my stomach can hold down!\"""""
back to the gym today  so far nothing's feeling too crappy  hope this lasts 
feeling all m  bison today  psycho power levels are high  perhaps i'll go visit some villages  mwahahahahahaha!!!
"where did the myth that \happy\"" is the default mode of life come from? my default is neither smiling nor frowning  is there something in other people's water supply?"""
double win! got my copies of mecha and blood & honor in the mail today 
quadruple win! watched the big lebowski and finally got the last concrete blonde album i was missing  today was a good day 
"i really need to develop time-stop powers, even if just to nap between clock ticks "
\i'm your only friend\,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,"i need to live where you can play the intro to \i don't like mondays\"" and people my age instantly recognize the song  any suggestions?"""
"there's no better way to stay awake than to be actively trying to sleep  well played, life  well played "
"take me now baby here as i am  pull me close, try and understand \<propfemale> is hunger is the fire i breathe  love is a banquet on which we feed "
"the men at the factory are old and cunning \you don't owe nothing, so boy get running \it's the best years of your life they want to steal   "
near tpk it tonight's council of thieves' game  the gnome sorcerer wisely booked it and headed to get reinforcements  next week: the rescue!
"starting to prep for the next chapter in the council of thieves adventure path, the sixfold trial  need to print out the scripts and get the music ready  mwahahahaha!"
"\i know you've been searching for someone to make you happy and get the job done   \"""""
watching <propmale> davidson & the marlboro man and my wife couldn't recognize <propfirst> rourke  can't blame her 
yay! my copy of iron tyrants just arrived!
what's the point in sleeping when you wake up more tired than when you went to sleep?
so very tired   
how can tomorrow not be friday?!?
wishing he was staying at home checking out the live podhammer podcast rather than going to work 
"new router manages to keep a connection for more than 5 seconds  good sign  watched the new avengers cartoon and the prelude episodes  writing's pretty good  very odd to see them replace the nazis in wwii with hydra, though  wtf disney? and went back to stabbing people on the rooftops of <propfemale> in assassin's creed ii  *snikt*"
got under a dozen kids last night  new low  but on the bright side this means leftover halloween <propfemale>!
"\i'm a killer  a murdering bastard  you know that  and there are consequences to breaking the heart of a murdering bastard  you e playful erienced some of them \"""""
"okay, so this year <propfirst> and i are staying home and not going anywhere for thanksgiving  we're not going to race from one family to another  feel free to start cursing us, yelling, etc , but it ain't changing "
"\i knew the gun was loaded but i didn't think it killed  everything e playful loded and the blood began to spill   \"""""
only iron maiden is metal enough to make a song about <propfirst> the great that rocks 
"because one day isn't enough \\\civilian ways are now what's foreign to me  i came off a long tour; i left this place in two o three  may we never forget the sacrifices my friends made for me \"""""
did you ever have a dream so vivid that you had dreams inside the dream? and when you woke up your mind was still half in the dream and you weren't entirely sure you were really awake or still dreaming?
"\it's days like this that push me over the brink \""\",de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,am i the only one that liked ally sheedy's character in the breakfast club a lot better before her make-over?
registered for megacon  sadly this'll probably be the only trip we make out of town next year 
"\bed's too big without you  cold wind blows right through my open door  i can't sleep with your memory  dreaming dreams of what used to be \"""""
"to quote <propfirst> rock: \cornbread  ain't nothing wrong with that!\"""""
"despite not eating any turkey, still so groggy   "
"spent black friday avoiding the outside world and watching a lot of cartoons  new transformers looks good, though the humans less so  new gi <propfirst> is part a-team part fighting secret conspiracy  young justice was good but i don't know why they made aqualad black and didn't just use wonder girl  and, the avengers \gamma world\"" two-parter was really good with hawkeye showing what makes him awesome """
spent most of the long weekend converting my machine over from  playful  to windows 7  just finishing updating itunes by resubscribing to all my podcasts then one final sync with my ipod 
why is it that people feel the need to keep shitheads alive after the apocalypse? once hell breaks loose the assholes of our world are my first target 
3 lanes on the palmetto closed  2 and half hours to travel about 16 <propmale> home today  new record of suck!
"for those not in the know, my picture is of captain harlock from the original 1978 series which they brought over to the us and aired at 6 in the morning on weekdays  one of the first anime series, along with speed racer that i was e playful osed to  the dude's a space pirate with a giant ship, the arcadia, and he has a sword that shoots frickin' lasers \\cool factor: over 9,000!!!"
<propfemale> advice: blasting those that support you by lumping them in with the asshole portion of whatever group they happen to be part of through no fault of their own is a good way to strengthen your opposition and make yourself look like a whiny fanatic 
"please tell me that my fellow twin peaks fans saw the \dual spires\"" episode of psych this week! omfg this is awesome!"""
"goodbye weekend, i hardly knew you "
"*sigh* i don't care what bs anyone tries to feed you, it all comes down to who you know "
fresh baked cookies on a cold night = win!
today and tomorrow are going to suck in ways that few other days have sucked before 
"it was 31 degrees in miami this morning when i walked out the door to go to work  there's something wrong with that \\by which i mean the going to work part  i should've been in a warm bed until the sun came up  my body keeps wanting to go into hibernation mode   "
"okay world, listen up! it's much too cold for me to put up with your shit today  consider yourself warned!"
you know you're a geek when a video of all the gunpla in the hobby link japan warehouse makes you weak in the knees 
"well, the antibiotics have not prevented illness but have put it on a much accelerated timetable  e playful erience a uri in a matter of days rather than weeks!"
\so you feel that you ain't nobody\,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,"\they travel on the road to redemption  a highway out of yesterday -- that tomorrow will bring \"""""
i'm just writing this week off as adjustment to the new year 
just woke up from an almost 12 hour hibernation sleep  i could go back for more 
\roll down the window,\de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,overwhelming urge to just get in the car and go anywhere  feeling like a caged animal rattling around 
"dear comcast, seriously? you e playful ect me to believe that the inert piece of hardware that is my cable splitter somehow mysteriously went bad for no reason all of a sudden  thankfully, i have enough e playful erience stealing cable as a youth to know better and fixed the problem on my own  thanks for grasping at improbable straws "
"balancing dangerously on the edge of \so tired that you are no longer tired \"""""
"finished \the lies of locke lamora\"" yesterday  damn good book! eagerly looking forward to starting the audio book of the sequel today at work """
waking up with what feels like a hangover with sadly none of that nice drinking the night before 
\red snappers snappin'\,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,"for my local peeps, giving away 1 <propfemale> sized mattress  you just need to help haul it away "
no one wants a free mattress?
"\the day we stop playing is the day we start getting old \"" -- twilight zone"""
"didn't spend 4 hours watching the super bowl, and thanks to the internet i didn't have to  i love living in the future "
   i got nothing 
\peace is a lie  there is only passion \,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,got some good news but can't say anything yet 
"wow, a night of nothing but nightmares  today's gonna suck "
the day seems even longer when you're frazzled and jumpy 
it hurts my brain when people who were barely self-aware during <propfemale>'s administration sing his praises   troubled 
"holy crap! it took me several minutes to recognize <propmale> boxleitner in this syfy original, area 51 "
"\in the days of my youth i was told what it means to be a man  now i've reached that age i've tried to do all those things the best i can \"""""
"if you have to have a song stuck on auto-loop in your head, \where is my mind\"" by the pixies isn't a bad choice """
finally saw inception  it strangely echoed my feelings of unreality 
"holy crap, the army painter dip is freakin' magic! after hitting it with some dullcote even a half-assed painted fig comes out looking good  it's a beautiful thing "
one day until megacon  woot 
back from megacon  tired  woot!
\it's after midnight\,de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,let's just get this out of the way  you're not as funny as you think! please don't share your lame attempt at humor this april 1st with the rest of us 
"ate at ihop, picked up a gw daemon <propmale> <propfemale>, read all 4 volumes of irredeemable and all 3 of incorruptible, and watched lost boys: the hunger  eclectic day "
is it weird that i enjoy the sore muscles and aches from working out? perhaps some latent sado-masochistic tendencies   wink 
spicy chicken nuggets and chili from <propfemale>'s for dinner  really good and filling  mayhaps my new staple for eating out 
while setting up my new monitor i learned that my video card has a plug for a second monitor  dual monitor set up engaged!
rainy day + chili = win!
"quick note on game of thrones: very faithful, i can respect the very minor changes (child porn laws being what they are), and the production was good  i just wonder why they never showed rickon "
mokei senshi gunpla builders beginning g is an awesome 3 part commercial for plastic robot model kits  it's toyeticness is only surpassed by its weirdness 
"\stand and deliver! your money or your life!\""\",de58e8026c20a3836fa3521ec6ba19c6,"i'm not ignoring you, my cellphone randomly turns itself off and doesn't turn back on unless it's plugged into the charger  i'm about to dropkick this thing "
picked up some free weights  i just couldn't get used to the resistence bands 
watched the shake weight workout video  i'll be in my bunk 
"i can't believe how much shit is closed today  even national holidays have more stores open  oh, but some <propfemale> poops out chocolate eggs and everyone has to refuse to take my money "
