02d226f8c59404bb719b3810d4f65ab6
gotta love this summer air! ;p
going hiking in the mountains today!
chillin at the beach  laugh 
looking for a job  all the old people are getting them :[
just a little depressed  ill get over it
feeling lonely and depressed as of late  meh  i'll get over it ^^
<propmale> out at the house for a bit  had fun  now im tired and its time for some sleep  playful 
cleaning up the house    yay
a lot on my mind  a lot on my mind    
i just had the worst and best day ever 
going to greenestreet  itll be awesomesauce
saw paranormal activities  some scary shit right there   
going to the halloween party tomorrow with <propmale> e   love   i'm a tavern girl  he's a zombie  fun times   
cant wait until halloween  smile 
this guy's a huge thorn in my side  i just feel like screaming 
so much snow! guess i'll go sledding or something   smile 
so bored  reading shakespeare  fun stuff  smile 
think i have the flu  sad 
i swear the rain is just taunting me 
when you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you  when you're gone the face i came to know is missing too 
snow again  bah!!!!
nothing better than having a disney <propfemale> movie marathon on a lazy friday 
sleep deprivation is not fun  at all  aaaaaah
birthday's april 16  i turn 20  give me a wii and i'll love you forever  love 
"i found myself in wonderland  get back on my feet, on the ground  is this real? is this pretend? i'll take a stand until the end "
"this is so wierd  it's snowing and i hear a thump at the window  a bird flew into it and its wing was hurt  i brought it inside, my mom prayed for it and it instantly got better and flew off  i just realized what i want to do with my life  work with animals  love "
just finished watching ice castles  i'm in love with the theme song  one of my faves  smile 
"what sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity  these are but trifles, to be sure; but, scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable "
"if i had a single flower for every time i think about you, i could walk forever in my garden "
my older brother got married to some chick from england! i'm proud of him  laugh 
i don't even know  my life isn't going anywhere 
happy easter everyone!
it's easter  and i smell food   frowny 
"so, i really should go to sleep but  i can't  hate when that happens "
someone  help  me  decide  on  a  career   !!!
having an awesome day so far because of a certain someone  smile 
i couldn't sleep  so here i am  having problems with sleep can be such a pain in the tush  buuut on another note    missing someone right now  you know who you are!  smile 
ill be baaaack around      idk  late  dont miss me  wink 
getting ready for church  haven't been in years!
"tired, hungry, and bored  going to bed early  \sam!? going to bed early!?\"" i know right?  playful """
why am i up? o o
hurray for getting 3 hours of sleep     annoyed 
had a samtastic day with someone special! anyways    i'm tired  and    stuff 
i'm suddenly craving a red hot sausage  i want one so baaaad   sad 
just woke up at 4 am here  have a huge headache and feel like crap   sad 
i never saw a wild thing sorry for itself  a bird will fall frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself 
lightning scares me  on another note    i have a certain someones' domo hat! mwahahaha
sick  again       sad 
off to bed  don't miss me!
"i smell burgers  thanks, mom for making me suddenly very hungry "
is going to sleep  nice good sleep    bed beckoning to me    sleeeeeepy
insane in the membrane!
watching record of lodoss war for the 7th time  laugh 
wtflip    brains about to       implode 
just finished watching dear <propfirst>  the ending surprised to to be honest  but it was simply amazing  only wish <propfirst> was there to watch it with me  sad 
had an awesome day with my boo   smile 
dragon age origins and mass effect 2 are very very addictive lol
incognito pandas    never saw that coming 
don't you love when your computer decides to crash and you have a hard time just trying to turn the stupid thing on?
going to watch eclipse with my mom in a few hours  i can't waaaait! team jakeward  smile 
"death by snoo snoo  ahhh, good ol' futurama   "
fufufufu~~ v v
good ole country fried dill pickles  mmm 
"can't sleep  had less than 7 hours of sleep the past 2 days  add another hour plus a headache  aaaah, today's gonna suck!"
hot    sauce     o___o;
so confused  conflicted with myself  now what?
mondays    haaaate em  someone save me!
"even if i could go back and change things in the past, i wouldn't  i am who i am because of those days "
"so, i had a new revelation today and managed to get some things off my chest that have been bottled up for a while  man, it's good when people actually \listen \"""""
let's pretend i know how to dance  you know who i'm talking to  wink 
pretending to give a damn 
"rum, anyone?  smile "
sick to my stomach  story of my life 
"achievement hunting on the xbox360  hey, at least it's something to when you're bored shitless   smile "
someone entertain me 
just bought some dlc for dragon age origins on the xbox 360  so fun  nerd time  wink 
"the rest is not real, but that is a lie \beneath me i see the falling sky "
"okay, <propfirst> is done being lazy  i'm finally getting my license soon, and a job school  i figure 2 years without doing anything is just     retarded "
"so, i can't sleep    i'll no doubt end up asleep all day  =["
"ugh, i think i'm sick  and there's nothing good to drink     sad "
i need a drink  i really need a drink 
"nerdin' it up with mass effect 1  god, i'm such an achievement whore "
"is  \ cleverly disguised as a responsible adult "
??q? uo p??oq??? ? ?nq ? ???? ?s?? ??? s? s???
damned convenience stores and their lack of hot sausages   
some people really should learn how to not drive like a moron    i'm not talking about myself here- that's besides the point haha 
got my hot sausages and i can honestly say    i r happy   love 333
"no matter what i do, i can't sleep  great   "
"gotta love waking up in the morning with a crick in your neck  ah, good times "
don't you hate when you misplace your phone and can't find it anywhere? grrrr
i have a sudden craving for some chocolate milk  :[
facebook needs to stop acting retarded 
watching <propfemale> eyre  this is one long ass movie
"whoever says paper beats rock is an idiot  next time i see someone say\that i'll throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper "
is e playful eriencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute 
"\in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life: it goes on \"" - <propfirst> frost"""
couldn't sleep last night  i fell asleep while walking down a flight of stairs and well    use your imagination  annoyed 
so like half my laptop screen is black because i accidentally threw a blanket on top of it while it was on  fml
my little brother's graduating from national guard bct in 2 days!  smile 
in south <propfemale>  my little brother is graduating from basic tomorrow! little <propfirst>    is a man now! -tears-
sweet  i got a phone call from 666-666-6666  who the hell was that? see what i did there?
fruit with no taste     mmm     
ugh  i feel sick  i need to cuddle  sad 
"interview tomorrow  hopefully, i'll get hired "
"been addicted to sims 3 lately, haha!"
i could really use a drink right now   
please take time today to remember the victims of the 9 11 attacks in the twin towers to remember all who were lost 
someone tell my camera to fix itself 
"so apparently i'm gonna burn in hell for all eternity  thanks, that's real sweet of you "
job interview in 30 minutes  hope i don't fuck it up 
someone play wow with me   smile 
just finished watching <propfemale>    brought back memories  smile 
i have the sudden urge to be violent to someone right now 
about to cook an amazing meal  call me chef beebe!
"i miss elementary school, when there was less drama and more play "
happy tree friends is freakin' hilarious! albeit sick   
"took a nap and had a dream that i was a teenager in the 70's  i watch too much \that 70's show\""  annoyed """
just watched one of the best movies i've ever seen: <propfemale> in wonderland  smile 
i still don't feel that great  stupid burger and it's stupid coleslaw (eww)
going to the <propfemale> classic fair today   love   laugh 
i wanna stop misplacing my phone for once 
"so, tuna straight from the can is gross"
"when you have insomnia, you're never really asleep, and you're never really awake "
last night was freakin crazy  but awesome at the same time  smile 
"shittalkers only waste the earth's precious oxygen  i have better things to do than argue with girls that wanna act like 12 year old juveniles  thanks, and bye "
that's what i get for going outside with wet hair when it's freezing cold   
i think i'm coming down with something  i hope it's not the flu 
i have a zero tolerance for sanctimonious morons who try to scare people 
what the hell am i doing   ?
horror movie marathon  wish someone could watch them with me  sad 
"it's just gonna be one of those days, i see   "
i've just done the most hardcore workout i've had in a while  full of energy!
running up and down the stairs every few minutes to hand out <propfemale>    fun 
appointment with the navy recruiter tomorrow  thank god my asvab is still good for 2 years  i cbf taking that again lol
[insert generic facebook status]
some things are better left unseen   
i speak my mind  i never mind what i speak 
i need a damn drink 
"goin' down to meps or whatever to pick my job in the navy, and i'll possibly get sworn in  surprise "
"back from meps  today was sooo long  but i picked my job, and i'll be an operations specialist  leave for rct in may  laugh "
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is\to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight\against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your\friends to do the same "
why do people buy the slowest internet possible and then complain it's too slow?
"i don't\need an angel on my christmas tree i already have several in heaven\looking down on me          put this as your status if there is someone\in heaven you will miss this christmas"
"snow, for the win!  love 3"
i'm reeeeally itchin' to make a snow angel   annoyed 
"yes, i know how to shut up  i just don't know when "
i'm in a good mood for some reason 
"if i had a dime for every time i lost my cellphone charger, i'd be a millionaire "
so not interested 
i really want to punch someone in the face 
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country   usmc cpl  <propmale> <propmale> died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx  24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor       this hero and his family please pray for the family"
"finally managed to get some pictures of my new haircut (along with the christmas tree) uploaded to facebook, albeit really blurry  i need a new camera   sad "
"i would've been happy with my old profile  thanks for nothing, facebook "
addicted to fallout 3!  annoyed 
i hate those nights when you can't get any sleep at all  sad 
"no, all because i ask what your name is doesn't mean i want to know your life story "
hooked on <propfemale> wars: knights of the old republic    never knew how satisfying being an ass to everyone in a video game could be    nerdgirl love  love 
i seem to have misplaced my christmas spirit 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
"apparently, yesterday was the first white christmas here since 1969  wow, lol "
who wants to have a snowball fight?  smile 
playing video games on a crappy computer with a crappy graphics card    kill me  sad 
i kind of miss my long hair  _ 
celebrating new years alone  too bad i have no alcohol :[
i feel like crap  i think i have that bug that's going around 
really    idgaf   smile 
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom"
i really really really really really want some damn lemonade right now!
"jesus might've died for your sins, but there are marines right now fighting and dying for your freedoms  please never forget those who gave some, and some who gave all "
about to order some pizza  so hungry i could eat a giraffe!
i'm out of hot sauce  my world is going to end   sad 
through memorizing this navy stuff for now    nn fb   love 
"ok, i need to stop sleeping on the couch  crick in my neck  sad "
i love sims 3  smile   love 
a morning sugar crash    just what i need to start my day  sad 
watching the l word online since i have nothing better to do   
first time i pulled an all-nighter in months    no idea why i did it   
i need a fucking drink 
my phone's missing again  big surprise  sad 
i can't get over how adorable my puppy is  i just die of cute overload everytime he looks up at me  smile 333
"i don't understand why cupid was chosen to represent <propfirst>'s day  when i think about romance, the last thing on my mind is a short, chubby toddler coming at me with a weapon "
likes pizza  o o
i love those dreams when the fate of the galaxy rests in your hands 
nothing like a little mountain dew to relieve some stress 
three words: beer  is  nasty 
<propfirst> <propmale> is awesome  i will admit that  smile 
"life's a bitch, might as well fuck her "
you know you're a nerd when you have dreams about fallout 3 
of course i manage to burn bacon as well 
going to a navy dep meeting in a bit  fuuun 
"couldn't sleep a wink, and now i'm up at 6:20 am    today is gonna suck "
"the early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese "
you ask why waffles are better than pancakes? because they're pancakes with syrup traps 
just found out my ferret died of old age at 7  wish i had her when it happened  wonder if she died happy  hey    she was my pet first i'm allowed to cry > >
who knew toddlers could be so bossy!
looks like my brother forgot to change his tampon 
i need a new pair of eyes  who wants to trade?
im such a huge dyke vagina is my fav thing in the world
only had 3 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours  fml  sad 
"pepto bismol for breakfast, mmm "
"i feel like i ran straight into a wall  figuratively speaking, of course "
nothing like waking up at 7 smile 0 am    way too early  someone knock me out so i can go back to sleep  laugh 
only about a month left until basic training! i can't wait  laugh 
yes i luv vagina    maybe next time i will remember 2 log off the wii!!!!
"off to bed in a bit, but i have an uncontrollable urge to eat some skittles  sad "
