b49a0799050aa84397c5ddae15d1f736
"i need to learn a bit of <propmale>, amharic, italian, and creole this year   "
"every garment that i own is clean, and i am very weary of doing laundry at this moment "
dad and i are feeling *e playful anded* after large consumption of steak 
is cleaning out his entire house   there was so much useless stuff 
"is drilling holes to fill with stump remover, using his new hammer drill"
is recovering from yesterday 
chicken sausage with hot mustard!
it's a good thing i decided not to cut the grass today   the end of the driveway is almost under water already!
"political parties cause people to be like sheep, losing their ability to critically look at all sides of an issue or make fully informed decisions "
it's nice to have full unlimited internet access again 
<propfemale>'s triple with a large fry    once every three months or so   that was *burp* tonight 
"the roof is done!  i am covered in asphalt particles, hot, tired, and hungry   but it looks great "
tired   just plain tired 
i fought the malware    and i won 
doritos   soup    oil change    sleep   so it is this evening 
"thinks no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"in the attic, drilling holes for ventilation   (ack!)"
putting a new fan in the powder room 
is unemployed this week and enjoying it 
"coffee, water, and aspirin - one of the three should take care of this headache "
time to end all this laundry   it's a new day already 
back to work in the morning   i want another week off 
vacation rocks!
just glad to have my internet connection back    now faster than ever!
finished waxing the car and applying rain-x 
starting to feel like i should only come out at night   
my old furnace is gone!  so happy to see it go 
"the \new\"" wood stove is awesome    but now i'm exhausted """
zzzzz
another circuit re-wired   most of the old wiring in my house has been replaced by now even if my hands are sore 
tools everywhere   but progress is being made all the time 
"bath   wax   rain-x    vacuum    armor all    carpet cleaner    5 hours later, my hands are sore but the car sure is looking phat!"
just enjoying life    smile 
yard cleanup
relaxing 
i am thankful for black muscle cars and generous friends who feed me on fair sunday afternoons in november 
have wonderful dreams everyone   
"strappin' young lads   bloomfield bridge tavern   pittsburgh, <propfemale>   great show!"
week off   multiple road trips   life is good 
good morning world  coffee today  then <propfirst> and i are wiring up egfc 
"the church is connected  computers, printers, router, and the like  new possibilities abound  but the wireless part is still shaky, especially if you breathe on it the wrong way "
great trip 
<propfemale> vu 
why did i just inhale an entire box of chocolate chip cookies in the last 15 minutes?
"oh, no there's something moving around in the attic but i can't find it    yet "
helping mom and <propmale> put up christmas lights    a green string is still out 
"my cell phone seems to be lost forever    just leave a message and i will get it remotely, or send e-mail   and yes - i am still glad i haven't paid for a stupid landline that i don't need "
sinus headache - *achkk! ouch! bleckh!*
thinking of friends who are hurting right now   
"dill weed goes good with bologna, ketchup, and mustard on wheat bread "
it boggles the mind that the population of facebook is now bigger than the population of     the usa 
keeping warm - old school 
finally   some down time   taking a nap 
exiting hibernation   feeling much better 
looking forward to my trip to d c  this coming weekend 
the new market district by robinson town center needs it's own zip code   it's awesome even though i spent half an hour looking for peanut butter 
"dc was a very enjoyable trip    now, finishing christmas shopping - a highly overrated task "
today was much better than yesterday 
the firewood is stacked in the garage and ready for the stove 
"if a holiday activity creates too much stress and causes one to be distracted from the real meaning of christmas, then that activity is not worth doing "
have a <propfemale> christmas   i challenge everyone to cut out one thing that isn't really important and instead take that time and reflect 
time to sing a contata!
"this was my first christmas <propfemale> falling asleep on the couch to the christmas jazz channel   i never turned the light off, and the dog woke me by sniff attack at 7am   <propfemale> christmas!"
had three cups of coffee at the <propfemale> garden   i'm not going to sleep any time soon   just being me!
i can have one more cookie   
good morning   the time to rise is the crack of noon 
"today i do absolutely nothing   all day   nowhere to be and nothing i have to do   totally awesome, just the way i want it   so rare, so good   chat if you like, and if you get lucky i may just be awake "
calling all night owls 
zzzzzzzz
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee - now the most used word 
reflecting on fond memories of y2k 
organizing old stuff 
wondering if i'll have to work from home tomorrow   it says 100% <propmale> of another 2 to 4 inches by morning 
"snow on the ground, 10pm fri  - 7 25\   sure is quiet out here """
"reese's pieces   hershey's chocolate   cookies   somebody's got to eat them, right?"
haiti on my mind 
fighting with itunes library backup    it's very restrictive and archaic   i made suggestions to apple 
trying to liquidate old stuff on ebay 
"down the stairs into the den, laptop in hand   skipped a step    twisted my ankle    landed on rear   felt stupid   a bit sore, but seems to be ok "
"ibuprofen, ice, and an ace bandage are good medicine   it's slowly feeling better "
taxes done!  off my mind for this year   turbotax rocks 
"great youth service at the church today, filled with music   thanks to all who participated  let's do more of that   god is awesome "
not feeling well  missed a couple days of work  slowly getting better  why does that only happen in january?
"halls <propfemale> lemon drops are keeping my throat from burning up   but still, i'll take this over a stomach virus any day   i consider myself fortunate "
feeling better except my voice has totally disappeared 
i hope to be fully functional again by tomorrow   it's looking promising 
haven't left home since wednesday night    this is very different 
life is better today 
"if you know me well, you know that i am _____, i love _____, and i can't stand _____  put this on your status and see how your friends respond (this should be interesting) "
"if you got an e-mail from me in the last day or so, it is spam and i didn't send it   don't open it!!"
shelves stocked   dry wood on the rack  gasoline for the generator just in case   shovel-ready   boots sitting on the mat 
"neighbors just borrowed my shovel   ~5\ so far """
"other neighbor knocked on the door, volunteering to clear my driveway with his quad!  happy day!!!  there he goes    he'll be done in 10 mins    laugh "
"family coming to my house   they lost their power and heat   thankfully i still have main power, wood stove, and backup power standing by   may be a full house for a few days "
"storm total east palestine,oh - 15\ - can't imagine 2x that in dc """
kudos to the random good samaritan in the massive bulldozer who cleared the driveway in 3 minutes and refused compensation 
"those who hijack to create spam should have everything confiscated  then they should be tied up in public while all of their victims get a <propmale> to take a swipe at them, followed by prison proportional to the number of messages they sent  if you receive a suspicious-looking message, even if it is from a trusted name, don't open    it - it probably means your friend's account has been hijacked   again, sorry to all "
"10 more inches?  next door they are pushing it off the porch roof with a shovel so it won't collapse   i thought this was ohio, not siberia "
the snow shovel is about to break-it's just had enough    sad  fortunately another one is ready 
trash pick up    the bright green can has a great bird's eye view from the pinnacle of the strange white mountain   i hope the trash men can reach it 
looking forward to sunday spending time going to lunch with good friends and relaxing  much better than having to make a big deal out of it for any one person 
"winter storm warning, 6 to 9 more inches coming tomorrow   yes    again "
shoveling and fighting the wind   deciding to give up until morning since i'm just feeling beat 
shoveled all the snow off the roof and then  jumped into the giant pile   felt like i was 12 again   fun!!
e playful ecting a great service at church in the morning 
"replacing alternatorin the mustang and drinking more coffee    a reman unit is up to $170 now after the core deposit   (yes, coffee goes with every job!)"
mission accomplished  she runs like a dream and the ladies are fighting over her again  *sigh*
"i, hands down, have the most amazing people as  friends "
changing oil in the winter is not fun 
good night world   sleep well 
good morning world   i hope you slept well 
so many ideas circulating and not enough brain space   you don't know what it's like in there!
my mind is clear now 
"today - truly an incredible day   it's great to  be part of things that really matter  but until tomorrow morning, exhaustion is  taking over "
"a normal day at work, and then coming home this evening to reset myself after a breakneck pace last week "
the white mountain by the mailbox is now just the size of the mailbox 
games!  yes!  time to play games 
"commuting  adventures    on the way in i saw a guy brushing his teeth with an  electric toothbrush, an electric shaver in the other hand, a drink on  top of the dashboard, a bluetooth on his ear, steering with his knee in a  single-lane construction zone and passing by three state troopers     nice!"
i stayed off the road tonight    smile 
who else is filling out the census?  happy happy joy joy 
"plumbing is just terrible   one component breaks and it affects the one beside it, and    it's like cascading dominoes, each with a nice e playful ensive price tag "
even friends can have different viewpoints on politics   just remember that you can still be friends in spite of that 
my opinion - the health care <propmale> is not a  panacea   the health care <propmale> is not armageddon    parts of it are good  and parts of it are bad 
why is the weather moving backwards from <propfemale> into ohio?  definitely not right 
kill the lights   lightning flashing in the distance slowly getting brighter as the line moves up from the southern horizon   need some popcorn for the opening act of nature's show this year 
got some decent video of lightning in action last night 
wishing corporate <propfemale> had a spring break  
it was a very good evening indeed   i just feel a certain peace and it is good 
oh no it's back   
it's gone!  time for a short ride in the rather crisp air 
it's all about pb&j!
is brought to you today by the miracle of chocolate covered espresso beans 
it's a beautiful day!
a visit across the pond?  maybe so   
put in new flourescent fixtures @mom's 
sleep is overrated 
"and today we will do tie <propmale> ends, brake pads and rotors "
"covered in grease, rust, and nut & bolt blaster!"
and today we will get a front-end alignment 
is still working steadily to get house and car maintenance contained 
"is happy with all the new tools, accessories, and learned techniques that have made life easier    but further e playful ansion of my arsenal could do even more!"
storms on the way?  sweet!
"the journey draws near, spread out over the vast\ e playful anse of deep blue sea   strangley i feel as if i'm about to go home!"
 smile 
the eagle has landed 
"there is no platform 7 1 2 in london, reading, oxford, coventry, or birmingham, but i'm still looking   "
"jet lag   slept it off for 9 hours   only 5 hours to continental breakfast   my internal clock is all off, as e playful ected   accomodations are nice and everyone is friendly   but at some public spaces, you have to pay to use the bathroom?!"
"tonight i was treated to thai cuisine by my generous hosts after quite a productive day   adapting fast to everyone and everything like it's   going back to somewhere i've been away from for a long time, but i've never    been here before "
"intense work for 9 hours, followed by an incredible steak, a guiness, peppermint tea, and some good laughter with 3 guys   smile  tomorrow promises to be just as intense "
"intense morning meeting of a very international flavor   then rice, curry, and hearing about the world travels of a new zealander   back to my room, where again i will sleep like a rock tonite "
"friday - check-out early, work part of the day, then get back on the train  check-in in london and go see a few sights "
"tried to buy coffee with my debit card    bank declined and de-activated my card, even though i told them ahead of time i was coming over here and to approve my transactions     i'm ready to kill them "
back in the good ole' usa!
"ok, great to be home, but need to admit to myself that it's time to get off of here and get some rest just this time   "
jet lag    why else would i be rising and wide awake @ 6am?
"omaha steaks filet <propfemale>, grilled pepperoni, baked beans, watermelon, cantelope, and i'm feeling sooo good about it all "
"mowing, more automotive   new jobs   busy busy"
"finally getting caught up on everything, even if it burns more midnight oil "
vbs tomorrow <propfemale>   sleep tonight 
2 <propfemale> 4 job  2 oh 4 vbs on dvd  2 kfc then on fb @ <propfemale>d  zzz      u dig?
lawn mower takes 10w-30 but i'm out of that    *sigh*   back to auto zone for that & a new spark plug 
"after watching c-span last night, i think anyone with a pulse knows more about bp than it's ceo does    maybe i should apply for the job "
"chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy, biscuits   dad & i livin' high on the hog tonite "
today    a day when i can     *gasp*    sleep in??  so precious and rare!  i'll see the world at the crack of noon 
"listening to led zeppelin on itunes before i drift off    a change from the usual, but soothing "
my pupils are dilated!  i look like a cartoon character 
"chinese food & starbucks, with sunglasses on   who can beat that?"
"it's just good to have some evenings again to take care of stuff here @ home    car stuff, electrical stuff, etc "
fire is just cool 
getting ready to hike onto a glacier @8900ft   pics and videos are accumulating 
thank you to everyone wishing me a happy bd!  it really means a lot 
"\inception\"" gets a thumbs up   so do $4 50 tickets @ the carnation cinema in alliance """
a mosque at ground zero??  they can take that idea and     don't even get me started 
the monster weeds are gone from around the bonfire pit   exhaustion sets in 
watching falling stars blaze across the sky over lake erie
mmmmmm   perch 
a gentle breeze at the door of the cottage's balcony   i hear the waves  a gift from the creator 
jalisco's mexican in salem   mmmmm
the whole neighborhood lost cable   line torn off the pole   told comcast it was a low flying teradactyl   
<propfirst> & <propfemale>     break a leg!  we're all ready for your big day   god bless 
deep in thought about many things  mostly good 
congratulations <propfirst> & <propfemale> on an absolutely stupendously smashing wedding 
lowering ears=raising appearance=feel better
just drove the newlyweds to the airport for their honeymoon   bon voyage mr &mrs  harsh!
gorgeous saturday afternoon    enjoying the gift of a little free time and a bike ride 
losing a minute or two of daylight every day now    sad 
"bonfire last night 'till 4am   clear sky, lots of stars, big flames, lots of friends, & food galore "
my mother is on facebook!  she will be addicted in no time i am sure!
it's good to be back in the virtual world 
two new stackable tool chests ordered online  11 drawers with ball-bearing drawer glides & heavy guage steel   not the cheap stuff   fire engine red   can't wait until it comes in!
happy bd mom!
chicken   potato salad   polka!  life is good 
"thunderous honking then giant v formations block the sun  many hundreds are coming, take cover the doo will rain down!"
"pedaling around in the fading october sun gazing at the brilliant red, yellow, and orange descending through the cool air   the chilling winter and cold nights will come all too soon "
tonight i have nothing to do! *gasp*      but that never happens   what have i done wrong?  unbelievable 
out of the office until monday!
"1 haircut 1 shot espresso 1 serving of chinese with fortune cookie annoyed good luck bestows upon you you will get what your heart desires \"""""
planning to go to amish country today  
"i came i saw i got a serious wood stove and brand new chimney system   thank you coalway llc, apple creek, oh "
my neighbor and i are building a woodshed 
going to get a square of shingles
"fire, friends, & food "
"hammer drill, a big box of 3 inch decking screws in <propfirst> deere green, progress, and ibuprofen "
"chimney has been engineered on paper-assembly on thursday   still need a 10\ steel casing and a couple more brackets """
a good night to go to bed early
"putting in the last few decking screws and spraying \great stuff\"" in the seams between panels   spar varnish to follow """
mulch the leaves   
after trick or treat at mom's -- just watched october breathe it's final breath in the peaceful calm of a clear night
i've had enough of today   good riddance 
not appreciating the fact that both neighbors go to bed at like 9 so i can't make any noise to get anything done when i actually have time    i need my very own square mile so i can make as much racket as i want whenever i dang well need to 
just wondering what the new republicans are going to do in congress  
playing with power tools!  just changed the shopsmith over from table saw to drill press mode 
note to self    cutting stainless steel eats cobalt drill bits for breakfast-even when going really slow   time for plan b 
this is the last day for yard work  unfortunately it doesn't get done on it's own 
"i made a firewood rack with custom dimensions out of 3 4\ natural gas pipes  incredibly sturdy & completely unique """
"<propfirst> <propfirst>'s - weirton, wv - one rack of ribs   gone   *burp*  thanks dad!"
"quite an evening   a few destroyed tools, but the worst appears to be over   tomorrow welding begins "
building a duplicate of the first firewood rack
time for a break   all week going to work then coming home to work with metal till late   eyelids are getting heavy  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
listening to metal
mmm   chinese  golden chopsticks in columbiana
i just need to have more fun in life   
ad on right--secondlife?  but i have my hands full with the first one    guess that's not for me 
dunkin decaf is just as good as regular
h s reunion soon   can't wait!
a sleepless night contemplating   waiting for the laundry to be done 
folding the laundry   
good night world   a glass of merlot has soothed the savage beast  
having fun!
bhs class of 95    an incredible evening with incredible friends 
i am very thankful for everyone and everything god has given me 
i admire anyone who is brave enough to take on the heavy responsibility of raising children-from reading many comments over a long period of time i can tell that a great deal is sacrificed in this pursuit 
darkness @5 smile 0 makes me want to get nothing done and hibernate 
enjoyed playing with concrete today 
my friend just proposed to a girl 10 years younger than him   that means there is still hope for the rest of us!   laugh 
it's burning   it's warm   i'm happy 
and now for the monsoon
the monsoon is suddenly white and puffy
white & puffy stays around 
chinese food & a never ending stream of more work tonight   i need a break   
stare out the window at the snow   then downstairs to stare at the soothing flames     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
someone tell me what this <propfirst> thing is   
#28-i see you at church every so often you are nice and i wish i could get a <propmale> to get to know you better 
send me some <propfirst>
#10 - you are a man who loves god and has an awesome family   we have to get together again soon to have steak and brew!
#1341 - i've known you for a long time now  you have always been a true friend to me in all circumstances  thanks to you and others for helping me through the times when i was not well on 2 trips to the more tropical climate 
#222 - you are an absolute mustang fanatic and can never be cured   i will never forget how your eyes lit up the time i gave you my keys just to take a spin up the road   you are great to be around bc  you know how to have fun 
bowling tonight!  haven't done that in a while 
dad & i are going christmas shopping   boardman will be mayhem i'm sure but were pigging out first 
dad & i have gone christmas shopping   boardman was not mayhem and we did pig out first 
bringing some wood in before the first part of the mess starts with rain around 4am 
everyone plase pray for our church's upcoming trip to haiti 2nd week of january  our team of 10   there has been unrest there  as of today we will go unless the airline deems it unsafe or we voluntarily decide to cancel between now&then  we're keeping in close contact with the airline & monitoring the situation 
if we shouldn't go then god will shut the door   otherwise there is work to do and we're doing it   that's that   i have peace about it 
shopping done    (<propfirst> collapses)
12 days of rest begin this minute in time 
i just found three $20 bills at random in the pocket of a shirt buried on the floor    laugh 
singing tonight   trying *very* hard to keep my throat clear & it's not cooperating
a christmas <propfemale> svc in honor of christ  singing was not too bad but it was the spirit that mattered
i love how god works    i really do   <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!
voice is gone completely     sad 
ricola echinacea green tea slowly getting better
i hate this time of year   it's impossible to stay healthy   i think i'll just crawl in a hole until spring 
i just awoke to find that the world and i are still here   this is good 
beard gone   it will be hot in the caribbean
wow  what a journey the last 9 days have been   it is also good to be home 
my awesome dad shoveled my driveway before the plane landed   this was incredibly helpful!
power is out but the woodstove & mobile web are not 
"flat tire   ughh   at least i'm @ home & can put the spare on with the air wrench in the garage   bald tires, was going to replace them next week anyway "
new tires!  new struts!  it feels like a different car    smile 
<propmale> & <propfirst> moose munch    there's a huge jar of it in front of me   someone please tell me i have to stop now 
congratulations egypt   now hopefully true democracy can follow 
