de8516bbb20b74d7bdecef5c282f4b60
up typing a story on the comp    but i'm tired cause the story isn't flowing as easily as i want it to     annoyed  my muse is on strike
my story is coming slowly    though its like trying to pull a camel through the eye of a needle     
"heading up to laughlin, <propfemale> with my step-mom (<propfemale>) and my lil sis (leela), it's going to totally rock  joyful "
work is for people who can't play video games
light blue
is easily entertained; she can play with a dishrag and have enormous amounts of fun  smile 
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair)"
"daylight savings is really irritating, i lose an hour of sleep in the spring t t"
"loving work, but my feet are killing me    x_x"
naptime is slow time down here at the kid power center  laugh 
"please put this on your status if you know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians "
"is wondering what the answer to life, the universe, and everything is     "
"when you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty \—norm crosby"
is beginning to stress because the date she moves to az is 6 days away 
can't believe that its already 3 days til her move
just noticed that it was less than 12 hours before her plane ride to az  can't wait! ^^
is getting ready to leave to jump on the plane  can't wait so see everyone!!
is in az safely  i just got hooked to the interweb and am posting this! love and peace!! lol  smile 
"is getting up early for the second day in a row to take grandma to a doctors apointment  we thought it was yesterday, but we were wrong  its today  so up at 7am again! yay~! <is too tired to make any real effort at sarcasm>"
has just gotten home  and she is tired  x x
"did her first night of karate last night  it was so much fun, but i was so tired afterwords!"
is hoping a job will pop up soon!
has an interview with target! <victory dance>
i like it on the ground
is going in for a drug test tomorrow at target com distribution center~ i'm gunna start on the 19th of oct!
for any family member's wanting my phone number: (520) 282-3691
thanks to everyone for showing me love today ^^ 20 years old and going strong baby! haha
" no one  will guess what i got for my birthday ^^ (dad and nett, no spoiling it haha)"
i am now officially a yellow belt of kenpo karate! ^^
happy thanksgiving to all and to all some good food heehee
"just an update for all, because i've been bleh    i died in a terrible car crash"
"living in my new house, with my new housemate and i'm feeling very good right now  smile "
pineapple
