e50bd80ef5d02796809e2366378d9862
"starting to get excited! <propfemale> will be in this world in 5 more weeks, <propfirst> and i can not wait to see our daughter!"
i loved a birdbath in your room because i'm sexy and i do what i want
at rvcc waiting for my next class to start!! and im extreamly bored!
"\wooded\"" is what is on my mind     long story!!"""
brand new pics of my car is soon to be posted!!!! im in love with it!!! it is now my new love!!!
feeling kinda bad today but yet im also so releaved of stress
feeling exhausted!
"going to be chilling with dayne <propfirst>, then after that i am going to court!! sum1 save me lol!"
going to work! then after that im hanging with <propfirst> roberts and going back to ewing!!! hit me up on da celly love 
<propfirst> iglesias was totally amazing!! he really is fluffy!! and i really did not want to leave!!
"bored as hell in math class, can't wait until 8o'clock to finish my math hw online"
"missing the love of my life right now, can't wait to see him later tonight&hearts;"
"blah!! thats whats on my mind, blah!!"
"you know being ditched by your own fience is alot more painful then being ditched by a family member or a close friend, love is a <propfemale> tale and you never know what love will bring you until it hits you stright in the face "
"sometimes we try to find a road to the riches\need roadside assistance\blisters on my knees, from beggin' for forgiveness\ain't no dollars on my tree, \puttin mileage on my feet\-lil <propmale>, paradise"
sleep is on my mind!!!!
"finally in ohio fortwo weeks!!!, i'll sure miss my family and friends"
"going to the cincinnati museum, trying to stay out of the thunderstorm that we are about to have "
"got my car broken into at the cincinnati museum, what a fun day      not    "
"well my car is off at the body shop getting repairs and a new window, still kind of stressed out  hope i get my baby back tomorrow!!"
i got my baby back yesterday and im so happy i got it back!!!
"dont know what im doing today, might be seeing scotts dad today, then at night we are going to the firworks in williamsburgh     "
"finally at ease with the world now, but hey look on the bright side, im pregnant and loving life!"
"five more days be4 i find out how far long i am, i'm actually excited but confused on what to do next!"
"going to <propfirst>'s dad's house today, having a family get together  hehe 4 more days!!!!"
two more days!! then i finally get to go home!!! i miss da mamaz and da step dada and my daddy!!!
"i leave tomorrow to go back to new jersey!!! can't wait to go back home, then after tomorrow i get to find out what i have been waiting patiently for!! im so excited!"
finally back in new jersey!!! tomorrow schedule finally get to see how far along i am   ((hopefully)) and then a funeral r i p great uncle <propmale>
"well im still scared as hell, worried as hell but you know i hope i can make it!! i found out im between 8 to 12 weeks pregnant, and i have to go for an ultrasound to actually see how far along i am     yeah!!! more poking!!"
mehhhh im so stressed!!!
"well today was the most amazing day i have every had!, i got to see my baby and hear the heartbeat!! it was so amazing!!"
mehhh going to work today at 3pm until 11pm!! my old working shift!! lol but hey one good thing about today is that it's scoot's ((<propfirst>'s)) birthday!!
"blah work was exhausting, about to go out to the grocery store to go get sum fruit and veggies! gotta keep myself very healthy for baby!, i can't believe tomorrow im going to be 2 months pregnant "
"blah so full and so exhausted, work tomorrow then idk what im doing afterward"
so exhausted!! but hey im at my moms and enjoying myself    
"blah    dont know wat to do for the rest of my day, i have off tomorrow and i dont want to sit around  so if ne one wants to chill it up the celly!"
"got work today 11am to 5pm, then after i get to see my future hubby and then after i'm going to go home and bug da mamaz!!!"
"for sum odd reason im really excited to c my future hubby lol, i gotta love him, hehehe ne way, i can't believe this week is almost over!!"
"at my dad's right now, then after going to <propfirst>'s, wow saturday is almost here and im going to be 9 weeks! it's like flying by!!!"
mehhhh 9 weeks today!!
"happy 4th of july to everyone, and happy anniversary baby!! (( <propfirst> roberts )) can't believe it's been 2 years today!"
"got a headache, and im missing my hubby"
"dealing with social services today, ((sigh)) and then probably going to chill with a friend or two then after idk    "
ahhhh a day off of work just relaxing and being lazy!! today im going to a movie with <propfemale> jablonski and hopefully <propfirst> <propmale>
"10 weeks today! another 10 more weeks to find out the sex of the baby, it's killin me to know if it's a boy or a girl!!! i'm praying its a boy!!!"
"at my dads, gotta go into work early : annoyed igh:: then hopefully seeing my love later"
i miss my baby     : annoyed igh::
well i have discovered somethings that i should have not discovered because to me they are wrong and very disturbing for a person to like or want to see these things i have found     not very happy at the moment
"alot is on my mind, but i will finally find my peaceful place once i hit <propfemale> land in another hour"
"ever\ notice after monday and tuesday  even the calender says  w t f ?"
"missin my future hubby  crying  <propfirst> roberts i love you baby!! hehehe!! for me, i went out and bought my first pair of baby diapers and wipes cuz the coupon i got was e playful iring nexted week    yeah go me!! lol"
"still a lil disappointed, but finally getting over it, work was miserable, and the only thing i get to look forward to is seeing my future hubby at 11 tonight  got my second prenatel appointment tomorrow, i might be able to hear the heart beat!! ^ ^"
"hearing the heart beat of my baby always makes me feel so excited!, i wish i had one of those things u can get from wal-mart or sumthing so i could listen to the babys heart beat all night, it just fasinates me!!"
"going swimming today in ewing, then probably going to have dinner with my dad, and then later i get to see the love of my life, which i can't wait to see the love of my life #2 in februrary!!"
"just got out of work, all day i kept feeling this butterfly in the bottom of my tummy, and come to find out its the baby having hiccups!! this is going to be really cool!!"
"just got back from the doctors! got work today from 3pm to 11pm, can't wait to see my future hubby the love of my life <propfirst> roberts!"
mehhhh so excited!! i can't wait to be 16 weeks!! i might be able to find out if its a boy or girl! im praying for a boy!! lol
blahhhhhhhhhhhh so bored
bored as hell!! need sumthing to do!!
mehhh so boredddddd
"got work tomorrow from 1pm to 9pm, waitting for my babys daddy-to-be ( <propfirst> roberts) to come home, then after that idk, i've been bored all day long was half attempted to go crib shopping!! lol!"
can't wait until tuesday!!
finally at ease with myself after a long day of stress
"got work from 3pm to 11pm, then home, then waking up for work from 9am to 3pm! yeah workaholic!! might as well be no one else is going to support my love soon to come! i love you baby a k a squishy!!!"
i can't believe i gotta wait 5 more weeks to find out the sex of the baby  crying 
just got out of the hopital…i feel a lil better but not a whole lot 
"who knows me? full name______ age____ birthday______ eye \color_____nickname____ best friend______ favorite color____ favorite \food_____ my babe:______ post this to your wall and see who knows you \best"
mehhhh so tired!! i feel so over worked!! but hey this is my last week of a 40 hr week be4 i start college sept 1st!! i actually can't wait
"you know what annoys me! i know i'm pregnant, but im not showing yet, everyone i know likes to touch my stomach and say \there's a baby in there\"" like im freakin stupid  the only person i want touch my stomach is the man that knocked me up!!"""
i'm so pissed off    i am so not looking forward to going to work    ((sigh))
yeah!!!! im going to the beach today!! gonna have some fun with my baby!! im 17 weeks and 1 day pregnant and i cant wait until im 20 weeks!!!
ahhh finally out of work and relaxing man my poor lil body is beat!!
blah!!! so sick!! if it keeps up i might have to go to the emergency room!! and im not looking forward to the drive
blahhh still not feeling good!! can't wait until my hubby gets home!!
mehhhhh!! so excited!! can't wait 12 more days!!
"kind of upset, hopefully everything will work out  but on the good side i'm finally seeing my dad after a month!!"
can't wait to find out what my lil monkeys gender is!! tomorrow back to work until monday then school!! yeah!! lol
"wonders why people think there hard yet when they have an argument with \you they have to remove you from facebook before they slag you off on \there status?"
man i really can't wait to find out the sex of my lil monkey!!! only one more week left!!!
omfg i am so nervous for class today!! im the only female in my auto theroy class!! mehhhhhhh <propfirst> roberts and i only have six more days be4 we find out the sex of my little monkey!!!!! so excited!!!
mehhhhhh!!!!
what do you do if you see your ex crawling on the road with a broken arm and leg in your rear view mirror? put it in reverse and aim better 
so bored and missing my true love!! i have no idea what else to do!!!
i had the most amazing dream last night and i so did not want to wake up!! i'm still thinking about it and i still have that smile i woke up with!
mehhhhhhhhhh monday is only like 3 days away well technically 2!! but idc i can't wait to find out the sex of my lil monkey!!!!
"get to c my cuz <propmale> evans play his first football game!! go ehs!!, then after i'm going to probably c my dad, sister, brother-in-law, and my niece and nephew and hopfully my brother!!"
mehhhh!! monday is right around the corner!!
"just a random thought, after i went through my myspace and was looking at all my old pictures of me and <propfirst>, i saw this picture of him holding <propfemale> (my niece) and him looking down at her smiling, and i smiled and thought damn now we are starting our own family!!"
so it's offical!! my lil monkey is a baby girl!!
mehh my tummy has so much bruising and is so sore from all day yesterday from the ultrasound to the doctor wanting to get the heart beat of my lil <propfemale>!!
can't figure out what's so great about the twilight movies     it's all about this chick who can't figure out if she's into bestiality or necrophilia!!!
"hmm whats on my mind     love, paradise, and just feeling completely broken \\i say the sun don't shine forever \",e50bd80ef5d02796809e236637 laugh 9862,"sometimes, i just want to  go back to the past so i can smile and laugh like the old times"
"so tired!! going to bed alone tonight, tomorrow i got my brakes class from 2 smile 0pm to 7:20pm and then after that i have no clue "
it's hard picking out baby girl clothes! there's so much and i have to much of a picky taste!!
missin the future hubby!  crying 
blah! auto class today! can't wait to see the future hubby tonight!
"if i really wanted people that have back stabbed me in my life, why would i want to continue talking to you  i dont want you in my daughters life, my fience's life and so on  there's a reason i stopped talking to you!"
nothing is really on my mind but sleepppppppp
"i do not have an attention deficit disorder,i \just-omg-squirrel!wait-what was i saying?ohhhh   what's your fave-holy \crap!!!its a cow with a mowhawk!"
"why keep waiting for something that will never happen, why keep yourself so worried when nothing can cure it "
"got work today! 9 to 5, then after <propfemale>, me and this big ass box of baby clothes are gonna sit on the floor and go through it! txt or call me if ne 1 wants to do ne thing since i dont have nothing else to do after work "
"mehhh!!! finally out of work, im going to relax for a lil bit and then study up on my auto motive class!"
"you know i'm so happy to feel <propfemale> kicking alot more, but it feels so weird!!!! and she's  a lil wild one always a wake and never asleep!!"
"man today kind of sucks! driving to school today was crappy, i never thought that having a spoiler will blow you all over the road!"
missin the hubby!! got work from 3 to 11 and then after work im heading home for some home made chili!!
so im excited for my october 11th appointment! i have so many questions that have no answers to at the moment!!
class tomorrow and hopefully chillin with my friend <propfemale> <propfirst> tonchee
"missin the hubby right now, after class im goin to chill with my friend <propfemale> <propfirst> tonchee probably gonna go to pburg mall to get sum maternity pants!! yeah me!!"
brakes class today!! oh yeah so much fun     not     then after i have no clue!
blahhhhh is on my mind!! im so exhausted!
i like it on the bench!
class today and hopefully after i'll be seeing my future hubby!! hehehehe
i like it on the floor
okay so i officially know what it is like to be pregnant! my poor feet and hands are swollen and i honestly feel weird!
"poke\ me if youever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a \goodfriend  inbox me if you ever \wanted me\""  comment on this status \",e50bd80ef5d02796809e236637 laugh 9862,"you know it just dawned on me, tomorrow i'm going to be 6 months pregnant and then i just realized i have 4 more weeks left of my second trimester and then i'm off to my third! my god how time is flying by!"
"got work today!, not feeling up to it  just wanna stay home and relax "
"test in auto theory today! not excited about it, but ne way hoping i'll see the hubby later tonight!"
"going to see my friend <propfemale> j  heredia today, then after i might see my dad and then go home and do stuff!! yeah! lol"
"brakes class today, all i know is i'm going to have  a boring day, but after class im getting <propfemale> her mattress for her crib!!"
"if\ you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your world   who isnt \perfect, but perfect for you   who would do anything for you   who \makesyou laugh   who is your best friend   who you want to grow old \with   and for whom you are thankful for every single day, then post \   this as your status"
"up so early!! left my damn cell phone at my fiance's house   grrr one place i don't want to return too on the weekends, gonna try and go back to sleep, got work from 2pm to 10pm "
"mehhhh last day of work until saturday again!! love that feeling! working 2pm to 10pm tonight, probably going to be by myself again!"
you know what really pisses me off is that my family on facebook have been deleting me off their <propfemale> and it's really starting to push my damn button's! i hardly talk to them but still wtf did i do to get deleted?!?!
"blah!! hardly slept last night!, got class today from 1 to 8, then hopefully seeing the future hubby later!"
sometimes the best of things do come around   
"in breaks class, going over the mid-term  probably gonna see <propfirst> tonight dont know yet   "
class tomorrow then my dads for dinners!
i think it's time to give my poor car a bath!! it's kind of over due for a wash!
"work today! 3pm to 11pm, then probably coming home and going to bed "
"woohoo 2 more weeks before i am in my third trimester!! jesus, time is flying by! actually starting to get really excited and nervous!"
"maternity shopping today!! and then work from 7pm to 11pm, hope it's not busy today!"
"damn it's halloween and i gotta work this year, damn the only good thing that comes out of the night is seeing my fience after like 2 days of not seeing him!!"
got work from 2pm to 10pm then tomorrow class from 1pm to 8pm
hmmm let's see what's on my mind      hehehe i don't think facebook wants to know hahaha
"school today! got my new uggs last night! dont know what im doing later, hit me up!"
so exhausted!
woohooo last week of my second trimester! god it's going by so fast!
god my lil monkey is so active!!! got a doc appointment thursday!
"like\ my status and i will tell you: 1) something i learned about you by \looking at your facebook wall 2)the color you remind me of 3)my first \memory of you 4)the animal you remind me of 5)something i’ve always \wondered about you 6)my favorite thing about you 7)give you a weird \nickname  smile repost it?"
work today   can't wait until thursday!
doctors tomorrow! gonna get stabbed and poked! yeah!
went to doctors today and now i gotta go for an ultrasound! so excited!!
mehhh  got class today until 3:20 and then dinner with the future hubby tonight!
"woohoo goodbye second trimester, hellooooo third trimester! lil <propfemale> is almost here!"
"so nervous right now, got the midwife coming over around 11 am! and i'm hoping everything is going to go well, can't wait for my ultrasound this monday!"
"just got done running around, so exhausted and tired!! <propfemale> sure knows how to kick my butt!!"
"wow okay maybe i didn't realize how \simple\"" a stroller could be and here i am making it seem difficult! just got done putting <propfemale>'s stroller together and scratching my head on how to work the thing!"""
got school today and i might be going to ewing to visit my dad today!
so p'd off right now! i worked almost all night on my power point and i get to school and it's not on my usb drive   wtf man?!
mehhh i miss the hubby!
got work tonight!! but yet i'm so tired! got my ultrasound monday so nervous!
went to bed with some ouchy ribs and still woke up with them!! is this suppose to ne normal?!
can't wait until tomorrow! i'll finally get to see my daughter hehe
<propfemale> weighs 2lbs and 15 ounces!! and everything looks good so far!
"going to visit my dad in ewing today, nate your coming!! lol, and then after going to be spending time with the future hubby!"
"got a doc appointment tomorrow, nervous and scared about it, hope everything will go well, wish me luck!"
"mehhhhh going to pburg <propfemale>ll with my <propfemale> dukes and then seeing the future hubby after, tomorrow thanksgiving at my moms! yeah!"
woohoo its snowing!! yeah! happy thanksgiving!
i want to do this black friday thing but i don't want to go alone!!
well black friday at 1am in the morning was not that bad! thanks to nate i actually got what i wanted!
mehhhh finally after 5 hrs of sleep and 7 hours of work i can finally put my madness to sleep!! work tomorrow from 2 to 10pm then hopefully i'll be able to see the hubby!!
"wow i have 10 more weeks left be4 i get to met my baby girl! work today from 2pm from 10pm, hopefully i'll get to see my hubby today!"
blah!!
meh! got work from 2 smile 0 to 9 smile 0 then probably seeing the hubby after work!
"going to ewing tonight with the hubby, seeing my dad and then after i have no clue!"
lamaze class tonight! <propfemale> kurz my mama is coming with me!! muwahahaha!!
"watching \16 and pregnant\"" on mtv com  join me in chat: http annoyed  soc li qidembm"""
"missing the hubby right now, my tummy is getting big!! lol"
"watching \16 and pregnant\"" on mtv com  join me in chat: http annoyed  soc li qidembm"""
wooohooo the mentalist is on!!
"trying to relax today and not do anything all day! which knowing me, it wont happen"
got work all day!! 2pm to 10pm! it's going to be a long day i can just feel it 
ahhhh relaxation!!!
ugh!! i am so coming down with a really bad cold!! it feels like i have a fur ball in the back of my throat!! and it's driving me insane!!!
omg!! i just realized that <propfemale> will be here in exactly two more months!! and boy i am nervous!
so exhausted!!
"i know i once was a new driver, but to all the new drivers there are two pedals in your vehicle please learn to use these objects properly"
"so i got my 2 week appointment check up today!! maybe my doctor can help with this head cold!, then after at 6:45pm i have my lamaze class with my mom!!"
not feeling so good today! can't wait to see the hubby around 10 tonight 
"thinking about going to ewing today  i probably won't go, idk yet"
woohoo i'm 8 months pregnant!!!
frustrated!
confused and having those achy ribs day!
omg my ribs are really hurtin! and i know they will only get worse!
"still have those achy ribs, probably will for a while  hopfully going to chill with my <propfemale> dukes today! can't wait to see the hubby later!"
lamaze tonight with my hubby!! i get to see the maternity <propmale> tonight 
relaxation day today!!
landry day tomorrow and cleaning   starting to feel the need to clean a lot more then usual
"i can't believe christmas is a week away! december has flew on by! got work today, 2-10pm, the joys of working at wawa     "
"ahhh finally off work, and now im icing the ribs! work tomorrow 3pm to 10pm "
"mehhhh work monday 4 to 11pm, seeing the hubby tonight once i get off of work  yeah! lol"
"ahhhh prenatel appointment today, and what i would give to have my ribs stop hurting right now!"
"ahhhh cleaning my car today! inside and out! you don't understand how bad it needs it!, gotta get it done be4 it's impossible for me to do it with this growing belly!"
"well getting stuck in the drive thru car wash was not what i was looking forward too  but thank god for drive, i had to drive half way through!"
ahhh ewing tomorrow! then idk what afterwards
"finally got <propfemale>rything done, opening christmas presents tomorrow due to me working christmas day! yeah double time! ewing tomorrow again and christmas <propfemale> dinner "
wow i just saw a mini cooper with spinners    
"bored, work tomorrow morning from 7am to 1 smile 0pm  so <propfemale> christmas to all for those i don't get to see! 6 more weeks be4 our beautiful daughter <propfemale> gets here!"
"woohoo snow!!!!, oh how much i love to look at u, but ooooh how i hate to drive in you! lol"
"getting my car tinted tomorrow, so excited! then i'm seeing my dad for an all day shopping spree ((that was my present for christmas))"
"finally getting the car tinted, going to cost a lil more due to my car already having tint on it, fingure that out and i never knew it lol"
so excited my car looks so pretty! work tomorrow from 3pm to 10pm
happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone! pretty soon we'll have our new addition to our family within a month! 35 weeks pregnant tomorrow! can't beli<propfemale> she is almost here!
ahhh can't wait until wednesday! work tonight 1pm to 9pm
"got a full day tomorrow, doc appointment, then changing the oil in my car and then off to ewing tomorrow  got work tonight from 5pm to 10pm"
okay i'm actually shocked that the pplz at honda do the maintaince on my car like they say! just wish i could get that free car was they do in the summer!
"ewing today, then later no clue!"
ultrasound today then after washing <propfemale>'s clothes and blankets! can't believe she is almost here!
update!! so <propfemale> weighs 6 pounds! and i'll be posting her ultrasound pictures shortly
ughhhh okay now i'm feeling the whole tiredness of being pregnant!! i'm so tired of being tired lol! i want my energy back  damn it  annoyed 
work tonight! then tomorrow ewing until wednesday!
you know some customers at my job are really not that bad! one customer stopped by my job last night just to give me dipers! i thought that was really sweet of her!
"my ribs feel like they r being torn open right now, this child needs to drop alreadys so mama can breath and not have heartburn no more!!"
woohoo hair cut today! and only 3 more weeks be4 i get to meet my bundle of joy!
got work today! 3pm to 10pm then sleeppppppp!
"hips are killing me now!! guess it's from her dropping!! only 3 weeks away, starting to get nervous excited!"
"okay, why is when i walk into game stop to check something out that i noticed i am surrounded by \large\"" people    that really say's a lot!"""
ugh hips r still killing me but i keep telling myself only a couple weeks!
ahhhhhhh tomorrow gonna pack the hospital bags ((any advice?!)) then gonna clean the room a lot more 
