b8634907857d3b2746d6846c439d1c6c
"\it wouldn't be life without change both good and bad  that's <propfemale> balancing everything out \"" ~ <propmale> laughlin 1 11"""
starting this thing over- gonna try and keep it more simple this time around 
yay spring cleaning! yay possibilities which lay ahead! yay bed!  wink 
"it's so nice out    yet i slept for hours, finally, last night  think i'll go for a walk instead of packing  if i sell anything today, they can wait the 5 minutes for me to unload them    hope the understand that the sun and fresh air are calling me!"
"sold some stuff, now out to read near the water!"
"d&d creation! yes, i'm a nerd, so what of it?"
what to do today?  what to do?  6 hours to kill between work and    er work again 
packing! woot!
i think i's sick    crying 
"nightquil sleep  is there anything else like it? had a reoccuring dream tonight, only difference that really stood out was having a young son in tow- yay getting older  o o"
i have sooo many hours at work till i leave town- thankfully   smile 
"went on a 5 mile hike through sears island  it is beautiful  ^^  then saw a full rainbow with a bit of a second, and it looked so close, i could taste the gold   love  i is tired now, really tired  -_-"
still fighting cold   sad  planes tomorrow are gonna suck! another 6 hours at work today- good and with sick bad  then i gotta get ready for this trip! o o
"i'm really nervous about seeing family tomorrow, especially now that my grandma doesn't even know who i am    all packed now though  time to get the kitties ready for <propfemale>- thank you!"
"3 planes, 11 hours to go till tn  resting yesterday was good, i'm feeling much much better  need to grab gum and airborne before i board "
woot  in airport #1  15 minutes till we board  *_^ squee!
airport #2  1 hour lay over and a way over priced breakfast 
alright  layover #2  1 hour till 3rd flight leaves  good chats with arwyn  almost done with book #1  kinda tired  throat still sore  ears okay  a bit of headach  lol done bitchn now   wink  almost 2 tn!!
made it!!!  love 
day out with the family  20ish hour drive to boston  loooong day ahead!!
such a long trip  in boston!  love  this area  ^^
partying with friends throughout boston  god i miss these peeps!!  love 
back in bar harbor   smile 
"i'm brain dead, and still have 5 more hours at work- and it's slow (kinda thankfully)    yawn! -o-"
"work, auto repair, tidy, pack, sell furnature, sleep   "
got 16 hours sleep  yay!
"after one hell of a restful day, time to get back to business "
night everyone 
fun fun fun day ahead    
"great lunch at side street with an amazing woman, now a retirement party, then <propmale>'s 21st! i'm old, haha, i should take a quick nap while i have the <propmale>   wink "
"wow, yesterday wore me out a bit  how am i suppose to handle 3 \dates\"" for the gay prom?! i'll be pimp daddying it  lol"""
migraine all day- ouch   
i had a great time of everything last night  thank you everyone who made it special   joyful  now if only my head wasn't so banged up~sonic! lol!
good times!
work is soooooo sloooooow       
"got a list of schools to go through based on a preference search, been looking some of them up- god based schools out, found one that looks promising so far    the hunt continues   wink  work almost done- yay!!! (kitties going away tonight-  crying   )"
gosh i seriously miss my meow meows already 
"depression is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you or you know someone who has or has had depression  most people wont, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives  show your support good people "
"just saw a couple letters written to my father, from the ex, all lies- all lies! and it hurts so f'n much! trying to just let it go though cause it ain't worth it   crying  i wish my kitties were here to cheer me up- bad!"
"wasn't going to play that game, but it just all got to be too much   i officially have a couple people blocked now to keep fb more pleasant for myself   smile "
pictures being posted!! woot
what to do today- car in shop and nh party was cancelled   ?
"wow  slipped slightly into depression  fell into nap at 2, now just woke up and the sun is gone  do i just go back to sleep? ???"
another school bites the dust in this search   
"has so much to do today but really just wants to sleep, even more  this saddness much pass for the betterment of my situation here atm  and i gotta get my character finished for game tonight  right?!"
"greese, sl, and d&d to go   "
i'm in a weird mood   
"o_,o"
soooo tired from last night's inpromtue party with the townies  wink 
i is bored                
didn't do a darn thing on her list and slept today
what an amazing day! ^__^
boo  woke up late  missed the zombies  i hope it was cancelled due to the rain!!
" love  hike!!! fun, though more like a slip and slide down    great company! must do more before i leave  who's down to hike in the next 2 weeks, when, where?? i wanna go!!  joyful "
cute guys are fun to think about 
drunk  work tomorrow  suck  eeek  tomorrow is in just 3 hours     
i sooo need a nap- boo work today   
happy mother's day to all the moms (you know who you are) out there--- well on here   wink   love  to you all 
"im2 better than the first, but not quite as personable  but i  love  s j  and would love to keep her please   wink  night all! sweet dreams!"
"i need to get stuff done, but all i can think of is more sleep right now   "
"packing! starting over feels good  gonna put more ip for sale, the test going to the free box! i'm moving on, whatever direction that might take me   wink "
"i know what all is missing, but it's not stuff you just find    one day, maybe "
apparently it's snowing in hell (ie reno nv)     wink  night!
just spent an hour on iphone trying to send a dinner party invite to coa peeps and stupid groupwise kept kicking me out before i could send it off  f*ck!!!!!! i'll have to really last minute send it off tomorrow from the y computer  grrrrrrrrttrr not the attitude i wanted before bed when i'm getting ul to hike at 3 am tomorrow   crying 
"dreaming about my grandfathers carcbeing turn into dome piece of supped up college remblwm, not here, horns and all crap and no one would help me   sad "
up for hike but feels sick    i think i just need to find someone shoes willing to do this with me at a later day   ? bad night
"ever had one of those nights where you wake up exauhsted and sore like you've been busy all night and all night was really about a month? i'm staying in doors today anf packing and that's it  if you wanna see me, stop ny  but i feel like i've had enough company to last awhile  what a night!!"
 love   love  dreams of <propfirst> law  *swoon*  love   love 
"looking for a school where i can gain more knowledge in developmental economics, financing, <propmale> writing, and international relations policy and law information    any ideas people?"
"i added my mother to facebook    and just sent her an email telling her i did and to get off of myspace (i wonder how she'll take it?)\\ps: still looking for school options- let me know    below is a list of what i'm looking for    thanks for your help folks "
"great day of working out, time to fet a drink   wink "
"seeing a show, then bed for me tonight- my goodness"
"what an absolutely fabulous production tonight  ! the good, the bad, and the steamy   wink  what a brillient collaboration and what an amazing vision ~ tonight's play made me proud of coa    there are some really gifted people here (not just the ones in the play either)"
"is feeling kinda down today, for no real particular reason "
man i hurt from last night   
"i really do love my job, but i so don't want to be here today    it's so pretty out and i'm sooo tired   "
tired but excited
"today is for packing, and that's just what i'll do   "
last week in town- that's right- 5 days left   
"life sure is interesting, so i guess if it wasn't then you're really not living "
"now that i'm stuffed with an amazing meal full of stuff i'd never normally eat, it is time  good night cruel and yet loving world  good night!"
kinda depressed today as i pack up     crying 
doing laundry  tra la la
oh what a night indeed   
why is everyone sick? who got me sick?  crying 
"how in the world is it already thursday!?!  so much left to do     love  to all you distracters out there, but it's time for me to buckel down now   our paths will cross again, and our communications will not cease   love  (pictures from the last week will go up once i'm outta here~ those pictures that shall not be released- lol- will go up for those of you who are in them only   love )"
"the stress of the move hangs over me    i scramble    i'm tired    i hope i can get this all done, but i just don't know how i'll pull this one off   "
running out of boxes  getting rid of almost everything  if you're in the bar harbor area come by ny place to take away this stuff  all donations this this poor lady will be happily recieved   smile 
"come buy stuff for you name it prices, tomorrow, 10-2    be here   smile "
"\i'm running around like a head with it's chicken cut off!\"" (and obviously in need of sleep)"""
"after taking a much needed nap, i dreamt i was at a friend's graduation and i got into a fight with the lunch lady for overpriced food she shoved into a plastic container i told her very politely i didn't need just because she said she didn't believe in global warming  lol"
needs people to give me $$ for my stuff and get it out of here stat!
"is trying to figure out how to get the stuff i kept back down to boston??? have a lincese but not the physical cars, so can't rent a trailer for my car, unless someone can help out? i'll get back to packing up the car now    call me if you can help  have an idea!"
and i'm off!!
now leaving portsmouth  salem here i come!
made it to brighton  first time i've really slept in like 2 weeks   smile  going for a bike ride soon around the <propfirst>   smile 
biked 15 <propmale> baby  ^__^ time to take care of the kitties now 
chilln!  joyful  the lightning storm has cooled down this hot town   wink 
"i gots kidties!! in 4 hours they gots vet, so enjoying time with them now before they don't like me again  oh and what is this? i gots bath too! woo-hoo!"
in ct! nap time    zzzzzzzzz
is happy    options are good  ^^;;
"life is all good, but what path shall i travel by this time???"
college research part 1 of 3 complete    pictures uploads near completion    then on to the next task!
"paying all bills, getting ready    let's go!"
phone is back! muahahah
looking at schools- down to 8   
congrats coaers!
"in the area on these dates, call me!\boston <propfe<propfemale>le> (6 6-6 9)\new york ny (6 9-11) (technically the bronx) and ithica ny\providence ri  (6 12-15)\(boston) medford <propfe<propfemale>le> (6 16-6 19)\salem stop    (6 20)\<propmale> and bar harbor me (6 21-23)\salem stop    (6 24) \portsmouth nh (6 24-26)\boston (6 27-6 30)"
the day has begun- there is light   smile  though many will dissagree   
"last of the pictures up for now    shower, pack up car, and time to take off   "
cought in a weather warniong storm biking to aleksey's for the night   will head out during lul in weather in about 20 minutes   good fellow rider gave me shelter   i  love  the biking community in boston area  ^___^
"rain gone, boxes stored, dropping a's car off south then t back into town, hope clothes dry by then, call d to <propfemale> tonight "
"soaked from storm, no dinner, great night with friends= me sloppy trashed mess    and the night was going so well till passing out midsentence   wink "
"brunch!!! ^_,^"
"sooo tired  got cats to groommers, mind you late, and they had canceled my apt  a half hour earlier via vm   sad  boo petco  so now at new place, small place, waiting in really comfy chair at dds  so tired "
it's been a long day    bath time earned now!
"i was told my cats are now senior citizens, which means they start costing more, not less  boo pet rules   sad  i got a good 9 hours last night with my kitties keeping me company! yay! now when snow drools i can blame his age-lol! okay, time to get up  i've got some planning and thinking to do    cross roads= kewl but nerve racking "
"ppwk done  internet here down, so still have a bunch to do  will awkwardly ride with comp to <propmale>'s in a bit    biking the charels tonight's the plan  ny tomorrow!"
back online- thank you whomever came home! back to work i go   
gurps---- this is a new one for me    let's go!
ithaca ny in t-minus 5 hours?
zzzzzzzzzz?
en-route to ri now   
lots of acidents on 95n  still driving to ri 
inglorious bastards= awesome! party time   
"who knows really what lies ahead, but i'm looking forward to it and excited   love   love "
"white party at <propfirst>'s! (wear white, or nothing at all- your choice!)^^"
i  love  people!!! (most of the time-- like now!)
back to boston tomorrow for about a week- hit me up if you're in the area   aloha!
getting ready- then off to return to boston  ^__^
chilaxing after riding around town for a few hours   joyful 
good night (morning)~ and thanks for the ride  wink 
relaxing while it rains and then another ride tonight-this time adding ten more <propmale> to make it a 40 mile ride---- hope the rain stops!
is happy and nervous and hopeful and always on the move
headed out to start the day    
loosing touch with friends hurts 
"had a ruff start to my day, but over all it's been good-- looking forward to another ride tonight, maybe   "
25' slide- say what?!
woot!!
off on another adventure   
"riding in ayer, <propfemale>  bout to go pick strawberries  after this great <propfemale> pub lunch  ^^"
"already rode about 31 <propmale> today    stopped to pick raspberries and strawberries  sooo tired  got some sun today too    now riding to a different commuter rail stop, then back to boston "
happy saturday everyone!!!  love  xoxo
happy father's day!
updated pictures from my trip thus far!
"going to help a friend move, laundry, clean bike and car today   "
yay pictures!!!
getting all packed up and ready to drive back down to ny 
"ny, ny 10031 ^_____^"
i is happy ^____^
good morning fb world!
"beach tomorrow in ri, then fun in nh for the evening, then off to bar harbor again for a few days!!!"
beach! sun!! <propfemale>!!! yay!!!!
i'm spotchy!! oh noooos!!!!
"i'm in bar harbor for a few days  of you are too, you should call me so we can <propfemale> out  already seen a bunch of peeps just by walking down the street  oh small towns!"
good times    smile 
"we make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give "
i dont like being left in the dark and feeling fear for others     sad 
in process of trying to fix the sunburn   
"time at bayside done, time for bmv "
back in portsmouth for the night   joyful 
is a daydreamer at heart 
planning day    i'll update you with dates i'll be around any moment   
"<propmale> and i to celebrate the 4th tomorrow at narragansett's town beach in ri \\would like to spend the night and next day chilling in providence ri \\tue  6th-thur 8th chores and whatnot in new london ct"
     zzzzzzzzz
okay- i needed sleep it seems     i got like 17 hours of sleep- right through the holiday---- ooops! oh well 
new pictures up!  smile 
o o
chores type day    
i started having these thoughts and they made me sad  perhaps i'll nap these thoughts away?
booking tickets- breathing as steady as i can
"i just realized, i'm not sane   hope that's okay    "
"i bite hard, ooops "
yay- crazy
is breaking down okay      every so often     ?
wow ignore me please
i think i've been sleeping too much 
just decided to lay back down and heard the soundtrack to the ring's death video  why? need to nap just a bit so i can wake up normal people not watching the ring time  lol
f it!! i'm headed to the beach!!
sweetness! ocean beach park- here we come!
"trip to ca to see <propfemale> <propmale>, my mama!, confirmed thanks to aleksey nelipa!! i'll be popping in during that time to see my reno friends too! woot! woot! 8 24-9 14"
must unplug! beach!!! lofl
"beach-check  bills <propfemale>id  car fluids and oil change in process  tirally broke- ha  good times  now back to figuring this out and <propfemale>cking for next trip- ny, <propfemale>, dc   "
"anyone have a place two good people can crash for sunday the 11th in philadelphia, <propfemale> and monday the 12th in university park, <propfemale> area to check out penn state and tuesday the 13th and wednesday the 14th in dc ?????? please call me or let me know asap- thank you!"
making shadowrun characters stat!
ny tomorrow!!!!!
"again hoping for couches  floor s<propfemale>ce to crash in philly on the 11th, university <propfemale>rk area in <propfemale> on the 12th and the 13-14th in dc  know anyone who can help 2 people out for a night or two tops???? thx!"
shadowrun!
 love   love   love 
i drank way too much 151 last night---- oops   
feeling the  love 
gaming- sorry if not im responsive
dinner time!
nearly sleepy time  wink 
i (do)  love  ny- lol
liking this area  so i'll be applying to both <propmale> and penn state  let's see which school gives me the best deal to attend!  smile 
"stupid wind, silly closing door, locking me out of car    boo"
rainy day   
rest day- much needed  get some chores done too i suppose
getting a pt job for the next month in nyc--- need the $$-- boo  sad 
doesn't know what's gonna happen next   
cheesy tomatoe soup is where it's at!
just gonna go with the flow  i'm not here to win any race  all that will be will be 
"never any good at poker, i'm usually sitting all in, so even though i'm not out, yet, when others fold it doesn't feel like a win  there must be a better way "
i'm unplugging for a couple of days   talk to you all soon 
"found a small pt bookkeeping job in boston starting this week, one day a week  should be enough $ to get me by as stands   smile "
"i is a bit  sad  but i'll be fine  plan starting to form  less of that stress is making me more  smile   always moving, this time trying to keep it forward "
"i am sooooon f'n bored     so bored     so bored    so just not feeling \it\"""""
beach day tomorrow! good 
laying at the beach will make everything seem alright    
beach!!!! and i don't have to drive  hahaha
revere beach is okay   smile  thanks to <propfirst> for bringing me out when everyone else was busy   smile 
i'd love to hear from my friends 
la la la la           
soooo hot    
brookline to brooklin ride starts today    i'm not actually doing it this time 
mallrat  i so scored at a&f- $30 new jeans!!
in ri for like 3 more hours  anyone wanna do anything?
i hate being the only one awake after camping   
"just getting ready, then moving to boston for a bit      "
i'm trying people but i'm just not feeling it
making the choice to cheer up  let's see how this works 
there's just so much to figure out and then have to fight for    i hope for the strength 
"i'm feeling much better today  nothings changed really, ie i still have souch to figure out, but my mood is just lifting a bit "
what's with all the sleep lately?!
alright- stopping by as220 on way to boston     leaving ct now 
"i'm back in boston!!  smile \had a great time out in prov last night  good to see you all  it's been a while so i may have gone a bit overboard  also where did this drum stick come from? lol"
wants to see a kids film or something kinda cool in 3d  but my friends don't   sad  boo
getting settled in 
"to think of things on a more possitive note, thank you for this phrase aleksey, i have finally found my proof of concept  so i should think of this as a good sign rather than just another dissappointment "
just watched 2 movies back to back at amc (for freeeee for everyone kinda free)- rode bike to and from- good night   thanks much to <propfirst>!! and aleksey too!  smile 
no beach   crying 
"to ct or to not ct      so tired, not really feeling like driving- otherwise, why not     *pondering*"
"resting today, reading, listening to music cause my tummy hurts "
"any one have an idea of how i can make $150 this week??? or else i'll no longer have my phone, which means no more keeping in touch with me    "
my bike has a flat tire- damn you you piece of glass  i is  crying 
oh shit  the whole bottle of vintage rum?! fml
i'm sooo tired    
my family and friends really are the best!
time to take over the town--- to the bike- mobils!
"get shit done day- go! then hanging with <propmale>, then night ride per usual "
"off to my \interview\"" to get working with wine again- wish me luck you all!"""
"\interview\"" went really well  thank you <propfirst>  now training home to get ready to ride for the rest of the night!!!"""
"i was \kidnaped\"" last night and am currently in portsmouth  *_^"""
"now, back to boston "
what a joke  pants got caught in my bike chain  now stuck waiting to get sissors to be cut loose  stupid stupid 
"awoke with my kitties, man have i missed them so     love   love   love "
birthday celebration time!! happy day 3 of the birthday weekend <propfemale>!!
waking up in a weird place is always fml  wtf indeed  d&d??
"oh noosss  i lost mu lip rings  and shit, really  wtf am i? damn "
i'm glad i don't remember last night   crying  epic fail 
i wish i could forget today   sad 
i'm soooooo tired---
ouchy   
guess it may be time to wake up now    
coming to terms with myself     slowly 
hmmmmm- time to get something done about that 
happy 11:11 everyone
"today's my 10 year reunion but it's all the way in hi so i'm obviously not going-- kinda sad about that, but well its not like i've got a family or amazing career right now to show off anyways    "
bedtime  nite! ^^
woke up feeling a little ill today-  sad 
applying for a pt executive assistant position at the local ywca  wish me luck! ^____^
i've not had a cigaret drag or drink for about a week now- feeling really good about this  time to start exercising again- then all should be much better 
lightning storm!  joyful 
it feels so hot today  sad 
bye bye <propmale>  may hawaii be better this time around for you  seems many people have since returned home to the aina 
i'm a getting work done   joyful  yay me  time to call back the wine shop (may have some work afterall) and then make plans for the next couple weeks before i leave the east coast 
"sleep now- i have a long day of chores, and possibly hiring ppwk  at least a second interview, and then much biking around town    tomorrow "
"yay- hiring ppwk and scheduling at the wine shop- pushed back till 2 but confirmed i have the job! (even with the 3 week trip coming up, cause i'm visiting ca wine country of course    ) and then biking all day with <propmale>   things are looking up   now time to do my am workout (starting this back up today), then tidy around house, then get ready for meeting  bike ride- then off to work i go  ^^"
o o
"oh naruto- how i will just now have to endure waiting a week between episodes    bleach- now i'll see what all the raves about, ready or not   wink  here's to another anime evening and early bedtime! ^^"
???? !
"unable to sleep    >< think maybe i'm nervous about me first day of work tomorrow? hmmm    nah   sleep, come to me soon please "
getting ready for a long day   joyful 
here goes!
"good job, good people, this is gonna work out   joyful "
why am i not sleeping- again 
i got 6 5 hours     sad  so tired   
getting ready for work again  ^^
work done  now shakespeare in the park- othello   smile 
another sleepless night- this may start catching up with me   
"just wall checked in with my friends a-c    will contact others till i've said hi to all soon too   i like letting friends know that i'm still here and interested in what's new with their lives   yes, i get the updates, but why not a quick hey what's up, huh?  joyful "
sleep- maybe?     
saying goodbye to people you're not going to see for a long time is hard  knowing you'll get to see some of those people from a previous parting soon makes you realize that you never really loose someone no matter the distance- time just seems to be the enemy here   
"after forcing self back to sleep this am- got 8 hours total    dreams, lots of dreams   "
i'm in a blah kinda mood- sorry everyone 
chores and work today- up too early though- need 1 more hour please    hmmmm
"hi ho hi ho, it's off to work i go   "
bed time- spending day with <propfemale> and griffin tomorrow  joyful 
"friend crashed out, so i took a nap too- haven't napped in a while    wonder if i'll sleep tonight now or not   annoyed "
chores rainy day
getting ready for trip o o
"productive morning + packing for 3 week trip back out west (no  cal  and reno friends hit me up to make plans to <propfemale> out while i'm there, okay?!)"
"damn, i need a bigger suitcase-- checking a very stuffed <propfemale> on +taking on a backpack + messenger bag    wow! time to head to airport   bye bye east coast, hello west coast!"
"$25 to check a bag ($hit!), 2 hours to kill at airport- totally caught up with naruto and bleach (what should i watch next?)   "
boarding    again no  cal  and reno peeps- hit me up to visit over the next 3 weeks- <propfemale>!
"day one in calli and it's bloody hot (yes, it's night now, and it's still hot), but the visit- day one is great!  joyful  lot's of mama lovin!"
day 2 in cali- helping the mum pack for move 
day 3- went out to a local bar last night and played a lot of doubles pool  good company  now about to do a hike then hit wineries close to this town  then who knows what!
"going to truckee and lake tahoe tomorrow with <propfemale> <propmale> and aleksey nelipa  going to bed early after watching the new naruto, ummm now  night!"
"does anyone have a picture of doodled upon jeans that i can use for a trip competition to <propfirst>? (i used to do this all the time, but i'm at my mums and don't have a picture available from back then   ) of course by helping you can be one of the people who gets to go with me!!! thanks  (deadline is in a couple days o o so please hurry!)"
"lot's of driving today    but overall nice day with interesting coincidences that no editor would allow a writer to get away with, but actually happened in real life  napa tomorrow instead "
"such a lovely day in napa with <propfemale> <propmale>, aleksey nelipa, and klaus <propmale> (whom i haven't seen in 10 years o o)  awesome day!  thank you all  ^__^"
"migraine morning   crying  trying to pull it together for my mum- to help out \\dreamt of being kidnapped for some weird cult   i was being transported by train   i kinda escaped and was going through all these weird levels, hiding in the train from so many people, with some help   i wonder what would have happened in the end?"
"i'm in reno <propfemale>, what the hell is there to do in this town again?!  wink "
"^_____^ in reno, hanging out with the mum  going to java jungle for the first time in years "
1st day of vaca to just sit back and relax  yay! recoup to be ready for the week to come!
sleep and watching anime= very good vaca day!
"what to do today???? hmmm     phone punked out on me totally yesterday, which sucked! wanna see my friends here, (still in reno) i should probably make actual plans    call, text, email me and let's do this reno peeps!"
just poked all my fb friends in the area    let's make plans before i leave town again!
"so a saturday in reno, nv    what to do? what to do? who to see?"
"speakers on my laptop seemed to have just blew   :,("
gaming and geaking out  nice  it's my job to kill off the crew  ha ha ha
tahoe today  hanging with <propmale> and fam tonight 
damn sleep!
seeing people today- woot!
"seeing more people today, and working   joyful  good seeing everyone yesterday!"
"damn  comp dying, speakers going, drive gone again     sad  why do all my computers automatically die around 4-6 years old?"
it instantly got cold outside  reno's fall just began  and so <propfemale> too!
drinks were fun last night! head hurts this am though  bout to go model  then rest up for bday party tonight   joyful  last night in reno is tonight  wanna see me one more time before i leave? then call me!
thanks to all my reno pals for showing me a great week! now back in cali  chilaxing  party tomorrow night!!!
i'm bad 
headed to indio to party!!!
"sooo happy to be with old, tried and true friends!!!!!! 10 years means nothing!"
driving  what a great weekend!!!  love  u all for making it what it was my cali friends!!!
gv- last day of trip 
last night in gv  kinda sad 
no sleep till    boston?! flight day!
boarding  aloha west coast  thanks to all i got to see  hope to see everyone else next time!
good airlines- had 3 salads for lunch and there's leg room! waiting not long for next flight to start boarding  boston soon!!
back home- bed shortly- then lots of cleaning and unpacking tomorrow (thanks for pissing on my bed cats!!!!!)
back in boston- hit me up my east coasters- i've miss you all while traveling down memory <propfirst> the last couple weeks out west 
"2 of 6 email files sorted, 3 job applications sent off, application to volunteer at iff boston, trip photos posted, tagged, commented, etc , hours confirmed at work to resume tomorrow (now 12 a week instead of  smile - all done  playing with kitties- done for now  contacting peeps for contact info and to <propfemale> started    and now i'm tired- time to relax for a minute  chores can wait  what i need now is food and some anime "
"so i'm hoping to update my address  contacts book- could everyone on here please message me with your current info asap please?! thanks a bunch   ps: include your b-days, and your significant other's and children's' if you have those as well, please    joyful "
one must reflect on ones past to learn from ones past in order to move to ones future successfully  ~a 9 16 10
getting ready for work today!
"send me in an email your contact info peeps, please, to update my address book (for the holidays and such)   thanks!"
hi-ho hi-ho it's off to work i go    
i love a job that pays cash at the end of shift- deals with alcohol knowledge- and has good people to work with- i just paid one of my 4 bills past due- woot me! ^__^ lol now time for pizza and anime with aleksey nelipa!
weird dreams all night     sooo tired today 
heading to the shop again!
headed home with some free cheap beer  almost embarrassed to <propfemale> it home with me! lol
????! ^^
why is it so hard to wake up in the am these days?
off to the bar    err i mean work   wink 
drink and gossip time with <propfemale> molner to commence shortly! ^__^
"found out the soup i just ate has bonito in it- a type of fish, we shall see how i feel in a few hours       "
"everyone hates us      sad  boo it's a saturday night, can everyone really be sleeping right now?!"
<propfemale> molner passed out on me without warning     sad  may be i should sleep too    
"i just want to enjoy life, is that really too much to ask for?!"
"i'm tired, and hungry, and whinny, and am going back to sleep cause that will at least delay and or fix most of these problems   \\ps: joining okc when you're drunk with your bff is not always a good idea  haha"
"3 hour nap, dreams of working <propfemale> <propfemale> shop- puddles on pillows to prove story    haha time (past due) to get up and get outta here to <propfemale> kopacek place for an evening of drinks and more catching up   then a night of driving around to find closer, free, parking near where i live   "
found free parking (but not always a guarantee) only 4 blocks from home  ^___^  yay! (residential parking permits are so e playful ensive ) nap time  then helping aleksey nelipa buy furniture 
"saw the owl movie and resident evil's new one,both in 3d thanks to <propfirst> <propfirst>   the owl one was cute and made the 4 year-old in me very happy, and well i love milla but i'd love to see all the films run together as one- these hangings and incomplete connections are starting to wear on me, which is saying a lot cause i really do love her films   "
"tried to figure out skype to stay in touch with a friend- 3 guys in minutes asked me to show my boobs  play cam games  wtf?! blocked    but really, i thought this kind of lack of class was done for by now     boo skype, boo   "
no food makes sleeping seem like a really good thing     back to dream land for me!
sweet dreams fbers  love   love 
off to clean house   
not a good day after all    fuck it 
gomen <propfemale>
i splurged on pizza- with coupons should last me a couple weeks worth of food   now that i have food in me i feel a bit better 
"moved boxes- not cleaned or organized, but a start- going out for the night- then need to rush back in am for delivery "
trying to make sense of things
i really wish it wasn't 2pm on a thursday already 
off to fight the b-line to work 
"i hate being in a place in my life where i cannot take care of my own simple just to live needs   this is f'n ridiculous   i'm an f'n joke, but i'm so tired i can't laugh anymore "
"it could be so much worse    i just need to build on what i have so far- step by step, right mama? ^_<"
someone actually emailed my boss about me taking wine sales to the next level in this store  so awesome!!  joyful 
it's so hot out!!! been in the mid 80s for 2 days now  wtf?!
"i just wanna stay in bed- but alas i must now get ready for work    maybe going out last night not such a good idea- but hey, it was fun!"
sooo tired                        -_-
"i paid my <propmale>s- yay- thanks to help from my dad all my <propmale>s for the next 2 weeks are paid   i'm completely broke, but hey, only till next thursday- oh wait then that goes to a different <propmale>- will the torture never end?! *shakes head*"
i think watching anime may be bad for my health   i keep hoping for a miracle where i get to power up and save the world  lol
the sky's looking like fall!
"sometimes when i cry for really no logical reason i wonder why, but maybe it's just my way of releasing, the way others get angry or do crazy and stupid things   "
gomen <propfemale> 
it's funny how mothers really do know you (or at least mine knows me very well) 
"there are a few people i've been trying to reach for a while now  even though we are fb friends as well, the messages here and cell texts have gone unanswered  even if it was to say they were upset for some reason (not even saying the reason), or just really busy, or just don't want to talk to me right now- i wish they'd at least respond  i wish they'd say hey what's up back, or at least let me know they still care "
"wow- after only about 2 months it took me 3 hours to clean the bathroom       -_- is it just me or has anyone else noticed how much more elbow grease one must use when using green cleaning products   i mean it was much nicer on hands and to breath than regular, but that took way too long  ^^;;"
may we all be spared zombies from our dreams tonight- ????????
"why am i never tired when it's actually time to sleep?- i've hardly been sleeping at all lately, but resting plenty to make up for it  and when i finally do fall asleep, i wake up early because of dreams or just my internal clock- so sad "
not enough sleep- shoots- i guess it will be starbucks stop for me on way to work today   
"if you can attain repose and calm, believe that you have seized happiness  \~by julie-jeanne-eleonore de lespinasse"
i'm really not looking forward to the next 9 5 hours    -_-
"purse latch broke, umbrella broke, raining, now wet, 2 trains pass me without stopping, running 20 minutes late to work now, i'm in a shitty ass pissed off mood and not wanting to be in a customer service job today! fml indeed, at least today  grrrrr x_x"
first full night's rest in well over a week! yay! almost 11 hours 
"good night, but i kinda wish i was asleep   "
what a sunday night!!
head and tummy hurt- two different reasons    great night though!
the fire alarm down the street has been going off for 2 hours now- headache not getting any better -_-
   
"i smell a fire and hear sirens, it must be really close  o o"
lilpri kawaii! ^^;;
sleep is sooo good     didn't realize how much i missed it 
ignore the virus link!!!!!!
   
"feeling a little nostalgic as i lay to rest tonight    should make for interesting dreams    amai yume, <propfemale> "
"thank you for all your support, both large and small, over the long years or since we just met- i really appreciate having so many brilliant and kind people in my life "
i like it wherever it ends up being 
funny how anime gives me a fulfilled feeling nothing much else in my life does right now  guess every girl really does just want to live a fairy-tale   
"i want my happily ever after <propfemale> tale life so bad, it hurts  pathetic and childish,  i know, but one can't change how they feel  it's taken me years, but i finally understand that now   "
"trying to find a balance, i need to find my balance "
tossed and turned all night- maybe 4 hours?
fun night out on the town   
i think i may have twisted my ankle while dancing with the cadge dancer tonight    oh well- it was fun  sweet dreams all  time to sleep  ^_~
"wow- when haven't danced in a  while, dancing for a few hours straight makes my body sore   i need to get back into shape "
furniture and paint shopping- house will be amazingly put together soon!
o o
registered for japanese language course today!  this will be my winter (and beyond) project 
yay to the sound of rain!
"wow- it's 50 degrees out right now     hello fall, when did you get here?"
"i liked falling asleep to the sound of rain last night- much better than the party going on across the street, just out my window right now   "
can't wait to see everyone coming to today's wine bash! ^___^
party time!!! if you find yourself bored and in the brighton area- come on over!
it's only 7 smile 0?
"great party yesterday! party started at noon for the roomies, first guest arrived at 3:20pm, last guest left at noon today (party stopped at 6am)- crazy fun times in 24 hours   thanks to all who helped to make it a success! poo on all who missed out  ^_<"
power outages when it's already dark out sucks!
    o o    
ready or not!
"feeling the love, death, disco coming on   "
is happy 
is so tired   
shoots! i'm running late!!!!
planning out my week next week and still needs to find something to do for halloween  suggestions?
sunday stats    and still need to find out what to do for halloween    and should sleep soon   
"always do your best  your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick  under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret  ~miguel angel ruiz"
"4am phone call to <propfemale> out    well i'm up, so why not, right?! but you better believe i'm driving and not walking in the 44 degree weather   "
kick back style
is sick  *pout face*
"has 3 tickets to see <propfe<propfemale>le> autumn- who wants to join myself and aleksey in february for the show?  (arts at the armory, somerville, <propfemale> sat, feb 12, 2011 07 surprise 0 pm)"
"i was planning to sleep all night as i really need to get better, and here i am wide awake at midnight -darn it "
i  love  my friends so much!!!!! (incase you didn't know already   )
so seriously- is there anything around here going on on sunday for halloween?
"sunday, sunday    sunday     who wants to do something for halloween with me?"
no dc trip for me    t_t unfortunately a turn around 19 hour drive trip like that is no good for this sick girl  boo 
"wow, not going to dc has made me kinda sullen    that and no plans this weekend too boot    why'd i have to get sick this week?!"
                                  
"i know there is a lot of <propfemale> going around right now, but don't forget your lemon intake- they prevent scurvy  ^_~"
la la la la- night everyone!
happy halloween!!! ri beware   
full on blond now!
back in boston- upgraded phone (so it actually works now!!!)--- now if i can get the cough to finally stop (where did you come from anyway?- i was feeling better damn it!)
"getting it done, getting it done    now just need to figure out what \it\"" is  ^_~"""
so sad to see the poll results thus far   
who wants to jump country with me?
yes won! let's all drink!
ok- enough shenanigans for one evening   
chores then waiting all by my lonesome in line to get good stage spot for dresden dolls tonight
"i'm off to see dd!!! i'll be bored for the next few hours till show time, so call me!"
omfg! singed and hugged and pictures and video to follow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi ho hi ho it's of to work i go    
so many good times    but i needs my sleep    why oh why must i go to work now?
the bed is calling me-  love 
yay lullaby  soft grin  now finally night night 
"wow- awoke after 12 hours- thank goodness i finally got real sleep- but wow, cause i also woke up to 9 pokes on here! oh my my, what a sunday    ^_~"
wishes for cuddles and hugs one day soon 
the storm killed the internet   ?
awoke rather depressed and sad  i hate it when dreams dictate emotion into your regular life   
ya-ha!
another crazy dream  this time i traveled back in time to the romans  kinda cool dream  but with une playful ected guest appearances 
10 days left and 8 minutes left on daytime for my cell      if you have at&t can you please let me know so i can know who i can talk to for free! ^_<
happy 11:11 everyone (est)
omg   love   love 
happy 11 11 to all my loved ones!!
my head hurts this am    
blarg  i dont wanna leave my cozy warm bed   
"when it gets chilly outside and i stop being able to feel my hands when i'm outta bed, it makes me want to hibernate "
"if you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done? (stolen from <propfemale> leinau myers- thank you)"
perplexed by status words used all too often- sounding dull   
oyasumi
konnichiwa mina-san 
would love some good surprises in her life right about now 
"4 friends, all with birthdays today- wow  hope all your wishes come true! (valentines day must be a very busy day for couples    )"
surprise me!!!!
is listening to pandora and cleaning the house   
still cleaning while dancing around the house     then going to see the new hp movie tonight!!! woot!
on my way to see <propmale> potter- ^^
back to cleaning! no trip to cr for me it seams    t_t
sorry- i'm feeling down  damn you airlines! damn you to hell    t_t
whatever  today's plans are shot  i'm done  sorry all!
"wow  a little disappointment, and a few canceled and changed plans totally just threw me into an anxiety attack that's now been going on nearly 4 hours  sorry to you all for the crazy updates i've been posting  i'm gonna go back to sleep to try and calm down  l8r"
"are we supposed to share our internal thoughts, trails, and tribulations to everyone we know? does this help or hinder the relationships we have with others? (the thought that came to mind as i drifted off to sleep  thought i'd share  ^_~)"
"back to the normal grind of life, but feeling much better today   wish i was in maine getting shit done and seeing friends, but this is okay too   "
"going to cr 1 18-2 1 now!!! if i can't be there for new years, then at least i can be there for my birthday!  had to push the date back to get the same price ticket as when i looked it up last week   class will start on 2 28 now instead, but i think pushing it back is ok cause of this trip   will work on my japanese with my roommate on our own till then    ^___^"
"sleep, true rest, really does a body good  i needed last night bad  now off to sell vino on this beautiful thursday "
"busy cooking for week: spinach  turnip and ricotta pastries, veggie burgers, twice baked potatoes, cauliflower soufflé, <propfemale> potatoes, veggie chili, and cornbread    yay late night cooking!"
"cooking till the sun came up, this tired girl questions her choice  ,"
what an amazing party with brilliantly talented people from all walks of life coming together to sing drunk and dance merrily     i had a great time thanks to everyone's contribution! (pictures to come)
wow  literally had to fight the devil in my dreams  stupid haunted houses   
what an awesome day of cleaning and fixing and making pretty- thanks for the help <propfemale> and rider!
it's a bit chilly but <propfemale> and blue skies  going out to run errands and enjoy!
"if you don't eat top ramen for a few years, it's actually quite tasty  ^^"
happy thanksgiving everyone on fb!
feeling pumped!
what a strange day  *shakes head*
my tummy is all in nots    i just wanna get through today in one piece 
dance dance
stupid dreams again last night- i hate having anxiety 
is happy that there is good news of great people and fun projects to help wash away the anxiety left behind by my dreams 
wishes for chocolate- oh great 
why am i awake?
start the destruction construction   
"there is a train full of people i like, a plane full of people i admire, and a canoe full of people i love- lucky for me there is only a mini-cooper full of people out there to harm me    as long as i stay off their roads i should be fine  \\^_< written by me, 11 29 2010 "
met with personal trainer today- hurts but the good kind- loving it!
"so it won't be for a couple of months yet, but, going to take a small poll now--- should i go back to being a redhead?  the natural blonde has been fun enough, but i think i'm really missing the red hair    \\so, what do you think- should i stay blonde (natural), or go strawberry blonde, or go kinda orange, or fire engine red w  gold highlights?"
stupid fucking google gave me the wrong address for this fucking bar i've never been to and sent me to a stupid fucking area i didn't need to go to and i'm starting this night off pissed  boo  -_- attitude adjustment is in order 
i'm sooo tired!!!!! but i'm having so much fun!
"got 13 hours last night- gym, wine shop, clean, study, bed "
and another one bites the dust    
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from yourchildhood  the goal is tonot see a human face on fb till monday december 6th  support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status!
exercise= good  cleaning= under way  wine shop till closing= soon   going to maine tomorrow   have a wonderful day all!!
gym in a few  sone cleaning around house  wine shop again till closing  sure do love the holidays as it's giving me more hours 
is feeling pretty good this am!
"just got a text from boss- looks like i'm working 5 closing shifts this week, about 33 5 hours, and just was told i'm getting a small raise too!!! yay!! (on the bad side, looks like i'll be missing out on an awesome show this friday as well as holiday parties saturday   )"
ice skating- go!
wine shop- *drags self to get ready*
december 7th= awesomeness 
sweet dreams !
"i've been so busy, and hardly online   sorry for being mia   also, the new fb layout sucks  the end "
a little lost today   
korean dramas are just too cute 
wishes life was a bit more simple 
"workout, groceries, wine, love disco, done   my day to come, in preview form "
spin spin sugar
"ok, sorry to hurt any of you, but i so am, as of tomorrow after 2pm, wishing for much snow!!!"
thanks for putting up with my snow yesterday everyone in boston! xoxo more to come for xmas day!
yay fucking scotch tuesdays!
"scotch tuesday= success! thanks to those of you who made it happen! and welcome to boston, <propmale> "
off to enjoy this winter wonderland!!
tron kicks much buttocks 
sweet dreams lovelies!
"she's pretty, but i forgot just how annoying sailor <propfemale> is "
mele kalikimaka all!
what should i do after work new years <propfemale>?
"love snow, wish i had an outdoor jacuzzi!"
"i love snow, but it sure does look and sound scary out "
"10 hour shift, off at 11, will be bringing in 2011 in beacon hill! if you're in the area and in need of some bubbly, stop on by to celebrate the end of '10 "
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they have been months apart  they love you     for who you are -- repost if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are "
the as are done- now a personal message time out to get ready for work    i will contact all you lovelies soon   beware! ^_<
next 13 days are going to be crazy as i get ready for my trip to costa rica baby! love you all but will continue to be offline a lot   call me if you really need me!
"ok- so it may end up taking a month or two, but now done contacting the bs    on to the cs next time as i've spent too much time online today as it is    darn you fb for taking away real life time! but thank you for connecting me to my loved ones too   "
waking up with a cold sucks   
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are it must be handmade by you and it    must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011! ready, set, go!!"
there's no way to please everyone   
soooo much tooooo doooooo! ahhhhhhhh!
awoke in a very strange mood this fine white morning    
outran the storm  safely tucked in for the night in nh  yay snow  just hope the bmv will be open tomorrow 
bmv a success! safely back in nh for snow day!!
"happiness    is not a destination: it is a manner of traveling  happiness is not an end in itself  it is a by-product of working, playing, loving and living  \this definition of happiness by haim ginott "
there are a lot of people i need to connect with and most are long overdue  sorry i've been so mia   love  and aloha out to all my loved ones  i'll be back from costa rica in february and will dedicated that month to reconnecting (along with living this crazy beautiful life i live!)  ttyal
sh!t must hurry to the shop!!!!!! available by cell for 2 more days!  love  love 
last day and i'm a mess!!!!!!!  love 
my tummy is acting up now that the flights are so soon  i'm excited!!
i'm about to leave for the tropics! woot!!!!!!!!
"on my way  currently a looooong layover in nc  drinking at 7 smile 0am? ok if you haven't stopped since the night before, right? last <propmale> for phone to work till feb "
costa rica here i come!
"living up the 65-85 degree weather, tons of photos already to start posting, having a blast, probably putting on weight from all the amazing food--- going to see waterfalls and hummingbird gardens or the natural hot springs tomorrow and doing the other on friday  i'm thinking the hot springs on friday for a relaxing birthday though   "
"off to la <propfemale> to see the largest know waterfalls, etc "
"day in thela pez rainforest was awesome! tomorrow is not just my b-day but also the hot springs, canopy adventure, another volcano national park area to e playful lore   late, so will have to post pictures from today later    but they include butterfly attacks, luscious landscapes and of course a chicken suit    fun!"
"oh happy day  (and yes, i was up at 4am this morning and am about to go catch a 6 am bus to arenal volcano hot springs and canopy adventure!!!"
red bull seems the same here but coke tastes better cause it's made from sugar instead of corn syrup    just saying   
"holding hands (well paw in hand) with <propfemale> as i drift to sleep   she's a darling, but i miss my boyz- all of them!"
"a pamper tropical day- 83 degrees out, nice breeze, doing may nails, hanging out and watching some of my favorite movies that are actually being played on tv here, having amarula and ice creme- totally relaxation    tomorrow brings me to panama   i hope to spend the rest of my life traveling!"
packing up for panama!
on my way to panama now!  love 
or not  poo!!!! t_t seems the bus sold out on friday and there are no 6am (which is the bus i need) till thursday   going to see if i can find another way there  totally bummed out right now 
panama is brilliant!
"last day in panama, and hoping the sun will come back out!"
back in costa rica till tuesday!  pictures to come tomorrow!!  love ing this trip!!! got to go for a bike ride now- vroom vroom
cr is crazy as everything has fallen into place so my friends are all moving-- may not be seeing much more before i leave here in 3 days    
"going back out to enjoy the day (only a little over one day left here t_t) having a blast!  had really great food from the farmer's market here this am   can't wait to see what else is in store for me before i leave thanks to <propfemale>, runar and <propfirst>!"
"it feels weird 1)seeing a movie in cr that's in english but with spanish subtitles and laying in numbered leather reclining seats a foot away from any other patron, and 2)making a status update about a movie about facebook to begin with    lol wow, this site sure is an interesting one   "
"i love layers, don't get me wrong, but i'm so not looking forward to the snowstorm i'm returning to tomorrow     boo  t_t  but i do look forward to seeing my loved ones again!"
"there is a flight cancellation advisory due to this storm that's coming    i need to see what to do- stay here, risk being stuck for 2 days in nc- or leave like right now?! idk what my actual options are    oh and i've used up all my trip money    poo to you snow! t_t"
"ok, going to go to the airport tomorrow and check with them before checking in, change flight if needed and if not i'll head home- i'll record the attendant so that if i do get stuck in nc i can play it back for a free stay or something- i will fight this time if they screw me!"
going to try and make it to the airport today- we shall see if boston weather will let me travel or not   
"well as of right now my flights are all good, let's hope nothing changes on my way!!"
headed to the airport!!!! wish me luck and safe travels   love   see my boston peeps soon!!!!
i'm on my flight about to leave for boston!!
i'm in boston!!!! goodnight all 
"re-posting for a friend   52 thoroughbred horses need homes  will go to sugarcreek this saturday for slaughter  gentleman died; his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke & some are in foal weaning, yearlings, 2 & 3 yr olds  most are gelded  free and papered  friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 barnesville, oh please copy and paste this on your status!"
i cannot believe it's already 1pm- f*ck!
"crazy person doing bad things, so i'm on my way to report him to the police, sad it had to come to this   "
so ubber stressed out- what a waste of my brain power and energy   
girl scout cookies at 2am = sick morning  not a good idea  boo 
i fell asleep  guess we know how i handle stress   
green bay packers beat the pittsburgh steelers 31-25 to win super bowl xlv  (i win!^^)
what a slow shift  headed home now 
"inability to drag and drop photos now here is annoying- how am i to get all my cr pics now? boo fb, boo    downloading one at a time f'n sucks!"
time to get creative! then <propfemale> autumn show tonight!!!!
never enough hours in a day 
"15 minutes till show time  intro waiting music, old cartoons tracks  you know it'll be an interesting night "
"show was awesome- burlesque, tease, comedy, love, music, girl on girl action, audience participation    got to see my favorite song performed during the encore  only complaint is that the stage was a bit too low so couldn't see everything    on good side, by not being right up front i didn't get covered in tea, rum, spit, or cookie spray    if you've ever seen ea perform, you'd know what i mean   "
"what a lovely day yesterday  best valentines day ever, so far  ^_~"
i sure can be am emotional baby when i don't have anything to eat   
time to go snow sled tubbing!!!
"like any human alive,\i just wanna thrive \surround myself with passionate people;\can life be so simple?\continuously living the adventure; \it's a real deal clincher  \then giving back to earth and society more than i receive \well why not? one should be able to believe \~ thinking on a sleepless night by asb 1 19 11"
stomach pain be gone!- i've gotta continue being productive (and also leave for work soon)   
what i would give for a massage right now   
"i may not always believe in the unions, any large bodies can make mistakes, but overall they are a necessity to the american way of life   "
"i just finished filing my taxes with taxact, you can try it for free: http annoyed  budurl com taxactfb1"
sometimes sleep is the best cure 
woke up really early    been working on updates for my school applications 
"$420 worth of kitchen stuff and food  gonna be cooking all day tomorrow for the next few weeks  this place is gonna smell so nice!!! ^_,^"
"figuring out just how to help is hard work, but better than just worrying i guess   "
something just for fun: send me a story  catch - six words only  no more  no less 
feeling a bit overwhelmed   
"cooked ing, cleaning, caught up with roommate, planing out bm    this morning has been quit productive indeed    back to the washing board for me now   "
"note to self (and everyone else)  clean as you go, waiting 2months means many hours of scrubbing    this may be a project for the whole week! lol (in a hysteric kinda way- he he)"
i hate that it is already 1pm   
"getting ready to rally    noon, statehouse, hope to see you all there in your respective cities! will post pictures   "
"pro workers, pro people, pro choice!"
"\what are the built in drinking holidays? march is pretty heavy   then there's easter \"""""
i'm in a helping others kinda mood today  ^__^
awoke- late- and already an interesting day   
happy hina-matsuri!
"cleaning and packing, then work, then a very long drive to new orleans!!!!"
no molner  waiting  sad 
"hitting the road, a new adventure to be had as  the players and pieces change "
"bad googlemaps, stuck in mud, saved by scottish couple, tow truck, and $50 (ouch), on the rode again, dirty but venturing forward "
yay adventures! (missing one? just add water to dirt)
made it!!!! parked and heading to find spot for first parade 
day 2! rain's come early sadly  going to bike around today regardless  there are over 10 parades to seek out  much goodies to catch! much fun to have    not sure where we'll be staying tonight after such a long day  headed to see aunt and grandma tomorrow or thursday depending on sleeping situation tonight 
it's 4pm and the boobs are coming out! having drinks on a balcony on burbon st  it's crazy here!!!
" love  what a wonderful vacation  seeing family and <propfemale> falls tomorrow  home by friday evening  crazy weather, crazy good times, loving life!"
on the road again   
"back in mass, slept, feeling pretty food  had to cut trip short due to lack of funds but had an amazing time  picking up klaus from airport this evening and returning home  woot"
best wishes to all my friends and their families in japan and hawaii  hope you're all safe 
waiting for klaus at airport  very m@$$hole cop just threatened me with $100 ticket for sitting too long plus a ticket for texting and driving for having my phone in my lap  wtf?! i said fine i'll move as soon as he asked me  poo on him 
"car moved, pictures uploaded! \now: quick nap, start house cleanup, get ready- spending day in salem with klaus <propmale>, and hopefully catching up with <propfemale> <propfemale> while up there tonight "
"playing magic the gathering for the first time ever    laugh, i am too   "
"even with the disaster in japan they still had current anime episodes come out, and there was only a one day delay in translating them    i'm impressed, and hope that this simple sign of life continuing on means that the recovery time won't be too too long for their society "
"happy 4:20, i guess   headed to sleep now "
i'm cooking with 2 people passed out and another rushing back and forth to the bathroom    what a hangover day   glad i was mama hen last night and am feeling fine   
"never enough hours in a day, never enough days in a week, and always more to do, see, create, e playful lore   "
the day and shenanigans have already begun  happy spd!!
"won tickets to see cake 4 22, and meet and greet tickets for the dropkicks tomorrow! now listening to black 47 perform and drinking a guinness  go green!!"
awesome day! at hennesy's watching <propmale> perform! awesome good times!
time to recoup before round 3 in jp  ring me if your in wants of parties!
   aaaand nap time 
fallon: i'm gonna do carnivals down that road 
watch out jp!!
recoup! (ie keep drinking so as to not get the <propfemale> over)
boo  got sick  boo 
i almost made it an entire winter but alas i am truly sick   
"driving around the cities aimlessly, ended up at harpoon brewery, go figure "
"what a lovely visit  now time to rest, recoup, reorganize and get back to normal life for a while   "
"show at the tavern, framingham  the bildams live!"
now karaoke    o o
it's snowing! wtf?!
go go go finally caught up to me    spent over 24 hours resting  sleep=good 
happy 11:11
sick but still getting stuff done at least 
going to see sucker punched! ^^
sooo tired  must sleep once finally home 
"awoke cold on the floor, tummy in knots, and still sick    my life is pretty good but the world is not and i can only stick my head in the sand so much    i'm sorry world for the troubles caused by my fellow mankind "
*cough cough*
"i've decided just how much i want to stay in boston, so    i'll be applying to both bu and tufts, wish me luck all!"
computer= dead  t_t sad sad sad day   
wish i had $25k to be completely out of debt    ^^
and i'm off to work!
working on artwork today with aleksey nelipa and then off to work!  he'll be showing off his talent at the middle east club upstairs for the month of april   check it out!!!!
"dear god, please let up on japan   at least give them time to recover before you shake it all down again   and please save us all from nuclear disaster  thanks "
cooking and cleaning and   
chili done  risotto done  now stew   
stew done  carrot croquettes almost done  now <propfemale> potatoes   
wow carrot croquettes are really good - done  <propfemale> potatoes and cauliflower soufflé and i'm done done   
"wow, it just hit me, sorry for the play by play today "
funny how i'm more tired the less i do and find more energy when i've got tons on my plate and am running around hectic 
anyone know anyone in the boston area who will cut my hair for ubber cheap and or just for e playful erience but is pretty good?
i dislike sleepless toss and turn nights
wow- the entire apartment to myself this weekend?!
happy happiness! (insert dance)
"cleaning, cooking, creatively cutting own hair, etc   today will be an interesting day "
"a week of seeing friends i haven't in a while- yay!  see you tomorrow <propmale>, tuesday <propfemale> seme and thursday head breaker!"
