cb59f539277d945e7de9e073c5becfd7
happy new year!!!!
going tanning    !
sleepy time    work til 4
i want another tattoo!!
i want another tattoo   sleep then work!
at work     and bored !!!!
great adventure on friday    yay!!!     goodnight!
dj got us falling in love again!!!!
great adventure on friday   yay!!!!
im sunburned and it sucks    
great adventure was awesome   to bad we had to leave early  sad 
no work tomorrow yay!! good night all     smile 
bored    listening to ke$ha    cleaning my room
i love three days grace     bitter taste!!!!
flyleaf  yay!!!
lips like morphine       smile 
listening to <propfirst> clarkson   haha v!!!
"watching <propfemale> the \real one\"" trying to figured out whats for dinner   """
good morning fb  friends   work til 4   ugh!!!
ugh   bored want to do something!!!!
ugh   bills they sux!!!!
school starts tomorrow   excited but nervous about my spanish class     sad 
ok so i'm going to try to get my books today    hopefully the line isn't to long   ugh  sad 
ugh   school   my brain hurts!!!!
had a great time with my brother   now on to the renaissance faire   we are so retarded!!!
<propmale> is on   i love it!!!
ugh    i hate being sick     sad 
ugh homework sucks    
just ordered my new phone    yay  smile 
got my new phone   so excited   but have no ones number  sad    text me!!!
i want ihop!!
i love my new phone
ugh    spanish class now
i can't believe it's been 3 years already   not a day goes by where i don't think about you   always in my heart and my memories  r i p mom
"i can't believe it's \been 3 years already   not a day goes by where i don't think about \you   always in my heart and my memories  r i p mom"
i can finally relax now    school work is done    so tired worked 12 hours today going to sleep now   goodnight fb friends
she'll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain : )
my brain hurts    too much school work   ugh : (
car shopping sux!!! = (
happy halloween fb friends!!!!
car shopping tomorrow   yay!!! = )
yay!!! got a new car    lol   oh waterside!!
"oh   wild turkey, you are not my friend!!!"
work is so boring!!!
i don't know which classes to pick    = ( goodnight fb!!!
ugh   school work     is it over yet?
christmas shopping early!!
i hate essays!!!!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
why do we have to have bills?
school work    
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite friends to do the same  until december 6, monday, there should be\ no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of fond, happy memories to \raise awareness for violence against children "
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite friends to do the same  until december 6, monday, there should be\ no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of fond, happy memories to \raise awareness for violence against children!"
haha this <propfirst> game is fun   i need more <propfirst> lol
"haha #3 omg we have had some crazies times together, between all of the parties,being roomies, people talking to trees and our fave holiday- halloween   i am so glad i met you and became besties   waterside would not be home with out you   love you call me!!!"
# 2 when i first met you i knew we were gonna be great friends  we have been through and done some crazy shit  but i will always love you even if you are a little slow and have stains on your pants    jk we need to chill soon  call me asap!
home from work   tired
just watched the social network    awesome moive !!!!
i maybe bad but i'm perfectly good at it    love it !!!
i smile in your face    then rip the brakes out her car!!!
ugh   school will you end already   
just one more exam then i'm finally done with classes   yay!!!
dancing in the desert   blowing up the sunshine
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
snowed in!!!
omg   why is there still no plow???? i'm going crazy!!!
i hate waterside!!!
yay   they finally plowed!!!
omg   i am so frustrated with all these bills  ugh!
so done with all this snow!!!
ok   so the zodiac signs have changed and now i'm a taurus instead of a gemini   what kind of bull shit is that?!?!
math or public speaking???
oh    american idol    = )
school starts tomorrow    
my arm hurts   stupid ice and snow!!!
ugh so cold   why is it 1 degree outside???
so many class   so little time!!
to early for work   ugh
why can't things just be easy???
home from work   tired now on to homework
oh college life    always so much homework    
glee is my new favorite show  love it!!!
home from work   now to start dinner then my lab assignment   should be fun
finally done with my lab e playful eriment   now im going to bed   night fb friends!!!
lazy day   
happy <propfirst>' s day everyone!!
party tonight!!!!
little tomorrow people    haha!!!
ugh    i hate being sick = (
late night music videos
why does my car have to be a piece of shit right after a nice dinner out???? so annoyed right now  ugh!!!!
hooks this weekend   who wants to come??
got home and took a nap   just woke up and dinner was already started   love my boyfriend!!!
