83d4d1e225986412748cd655cb6d05b2
"has seen all of failblog, all 354 pages  that's what's up "
woot cubs! sorry twins   
boooooo retail industry 
"has a long couple days in front of him, blah diddy blah "
"was gonna put something better here, but can't remember what it was  damn"
hates this crap  fml
"vacation is great, but almost dying isn't!"
"good to be home, don't wanna go to work again"
needs help thinking of a nickname for his 2005 ford focus   
welcomes shooter to the family!
aaaaahhhh yeah!!!
"thinks owl city is a very smart band, very great!!"
"oh o j , how wonderful you are!"
<propmale> show was awesome!!
"favorite word of the week: maniacal  i e  \   but the maniacal power of its twin-turbo v-12   \"" [aug 2009 car and driver] """
freakin packers better get it together   vikings can suck my nuts 
is at a loss for words 
"favre is a damn good qb, too bad he's with satan's football team "
can't get enough of family guy
good luck twins!
twins win!
let's go twins!! woot!
let's go twins! and huskie hockey! woot!!
didn't think duluth could be so much fun   
smells like apples 
nothing ever goes as planned   
"vikings win on pure complete luck, and my undefeated fantasy team loses to a 2-3 team  wtf?!"
"'s older brother, plays for the oakland raiders as a te and is a suspect in \fringe\"" """
good day 
has no idea what to be for halloween   ideas?
"<propfirst> <propfirst> from \office\"" or j d  from \""scrubs\""  hmm   """
somehow manages to get up earlier on his day off then when he works   
somehow manages to get up earlier on his day off then when he works and wear his uniform too! what is wrong here   
"pack win, vikes lose, let's go bears, for the trifecta!"
"needs scrubs, quick!"
"car is clean, needs a second job"
little big planet is a great game!
"\what has two thumbs and doesn't give a crap? <propmale> kelso  how ya doin?\"""""
"bears win, go pack, for the trifecta!"
happy all saints day
"good game, for a little bit  entertaining nonetheless   "
"loves the quote \it's miller time\"""""
"worst day ever  before rehearsal, now it's just sucky "
is completely hating his internet right now 
"michelob <propfemale> light is great, too many too quickly is actually never too much too quickly   just more fun "
"beautiful day outside, hard to pass this up"
is speechless 
hates twilight with a passion 
good luck <propfemale>   
is happy to know mom's doing well
"my ex is on a billboard in st  cloud  great, now i can see her everyday   "
last night was top notch! shark knows what's up 
"modern warfare 2 defeated in 6h 53m, 2 sittings  try your best   "
"brahms requiem, quite simply, freakin awesome "
this new avatar movie looks frickin sweet
01001010011000010110101101100101  look it up
off through tuesday  what am i gonna do?
"1812 overture, yet another amazing masterpiece "
"christmas tree is up and ya gotta check out the sky behind it, woot!!"
"turk and <propfemale> have the greatest relationship ever, and <propfemale> goslin has the fugliest smile in the entire world   ever "
"check out skagen watches, frickin saweet!"
"thank you, gracias, danke everyone for their birthday wishes!"
"last show tonight, will be good to be done!"
<propmale> folds is genius 
productive night 
"goin back to state starting tuesday, woot woot!"
ah pack   
"has finally paid off one of his student loans, now for the other three   "
contestants on american idol are effing diluted humans 
is gonna clear the pond off and go skating 
got his sube moved finally  awd is pretty fantastic 
sube would've been helpful after broomball on saturday   
"school, work, karaoke, sleep "
"nothin better than sitting on the couch watching tv and listening to music on a cold, miserable day "
wishes the weather coulda been better 
productive day already 
what the hell is up with all the sister tributes?!?
mustang gt is comin back with 5 0 for '11! praise the lord god almighty!
"has been waiting for what seems forever for ford to show up, and finally, they have "
"has karaoke tonight, should be good "
come on colts!
super bowl upset   damn colts
no school tomorrow!
"class, work, home, tired, bed           "
had a good night 
thinks <propfemale> weiss is a great beer   wow   too good 
"had a late night, great night!"
"gotta check off my list of crap to do, then home free for a few days!"
karaoke tonight!
why does anyone write on these things?!
"watching the transformers duology with my family and grandparents, different but can't really get much better than this!"
"i bet i can find 10,000,000 people who will bitch about the health care <propmale> and have no idea what it actually does "
sold!
"face is gonna be half numb, should be an interesting sight   "
"monday, monday!"
hangovers are awesome
assignment's gotta be ready by tomorrow morning  buckle down and let's hash this out  ha! network humor   
so my lil bro has gotta be related to <propfirst> mauer in some way
"finished the paper, took a survey, did extra credit, and registered for classes   all in one sitting   without eating   i'm gonna pass out now "
saturday can't come soon enough
"will be singin <propfirst> <propfirst>'s \movin' out\"" all day!"""
gonna be off the grid for a few days   
had a good weekend with <propfemale> and lexi 
shot a -20 today at st  <propfirst>'s in scotland 
"needs to change the ip address on my wap so it'll actually connect wirelessly  ugh, i gotta do everything myself these days   "
"cannot believe how good he really has it  never take life for granted, it'll end you like you never existed, guarenteed "
has apipa  oh no   
is wireless 
has no idea what to say 
actually likes a country song  didn't think it was possible   
doesn't have class or work today and is up   wth is wrong with this picture?!
is invoking his anti-spending order 
loves the smell of ram in the morning 
"got his homework done, now for the weekend   "
23:50  un-freakin-believable 
isner vs  mahut  wtf mate 
is looking forward to less drama   and more muse 
loves his shooter 
guh  only 6 days til vacation  cannot frickin wait!
pretty sure i saved $300 on books this semester  money in the bank!
can't ever remember his charter info  ugh i hate them so   
just remembered his charter info  sweet 
school started today  can you see my enthusiasm?
is the proud new owner of a 2011 subaru wrx
since when did the malibu become the white boys pimp ride?
like my status and i will tell you why miron (aka j-money) is compensating for something   
"'s fantasy football team, the disgruntled rhino's, is pure domination "
thinks that new ke$ha song makes her sound like a man  just sayin 
should be doing my paper  why am i telling you guys?!
the pack and my fantasy team lost  not a good day 
"happy birthday <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>!"
<propmale> matthews for all-time sack record! 14 5 to go
"<propfirst> bieber is releasing a line of nail polish   distributed in wal-mart   she should fire her manager, and herself, cuz they're failures at life "
is lovin his new phone!
"is lovin his new phone and cell service, really   "
"so   chevy lies  you can get a focus for cheaper, given only a few hundred bucks, than a cruze, as equally equipped as possible, though the ford's list is slightly longer  go ford "
could this weather please destroy the mall so i don't have to go to work ever again?
is giving up fast food for november 
2 days without fast food and i'm already hallucinating 
"thought he was hallucinating when he saw more republicans entering office, but woke up to the horror "
interesting info: the world's net worth is exactly $0 usd  it has more debt than equity  $38t approximately it owes  we need a world accountant to get this crap together 
yeah i totally just did the quadratic formula in my head and got the question right  i'm a friggin genius 
has failed miserably in the attempt of beating black ops in one sitting 
needs <propmale> rivers to get me 72 points to win my fantasy game 
"this drug war in mexico is pure insanity  these drug cartels are waltzing around with little to no competition  mexico is left disabled, on its knees "
my finals are spread out through the whole week  love it 
super awesome song: dog days are over - <propfemale> and the machine
what's with everyone having cartoon profile pics?
thanks all for the birthday wishes!
cannot believe he's getting giddy over the fact that his heat works again  try sleeping when it isn't working!
the oldest rivalry in football will go at it next sunday for the nfc division title  let's hope i don't work 
"mountain dew = good, vodka = great, mountain dew + vodka = nasty crap "
off to friends! if anyone cares 
pack for superbowl xlv!
is on fire today  answered an incredibly long and exhausting math problem on the first try and aced my <propmale> 194 quiz  get outta the way or i'll mow right through ya!
superbowl goes to the pack!
"wants to know the psyche of <propmale> drivers, why?"
my fiancées blow dryer has a turbo 
thanks everyone for all the congrats on the engagement!
finished the entire series of scrubs with <propfemale> and terribly regrets season 9  wtf were they thinking?
won repeat the tweet on kcld today!
cougars totally owned at dodgeball tonight! woot woot!!
happy st  <propfemale>'s day! i actually remembered to wear green today 
this <propfemale> black girl is more annoying than the bieb  not even kidding 
"glad it rained, my car was filthy "
"zombie meats motto: long pork, it's what's for dinner"
heat wave was great! sriracha sauce is hot  won an auction and got a set of river bats tix with some shirts and a hat 
first time in a long while that i didn't have to open quicken 
registered!!
"grilled chicken marinaded in soy sauce and sriracha sauce, then topped with more sriracha! i am a genius  whose mouth is on fire "
my sister is on pandora  i'm a frickin celebrity 
"got approved for the apartment in foley for june so <propfemale>, lexi and i will be moving there in just over a month "
is done with spring semester! god it feels good to be a gangsta 
"seriously playstation network is still down  this hacker did something incredible that it's taking ps this long to beef up security   hurry up, i wanna play mw2 online again "
"woo! friday the 13th, probs one of my favorite days   besides all the other ones i favor more "
huskies beat augustana 7-1 yesterday to continue on to round 2 against msu-mankato  go huskies!
has finally got internet back after 12 days away   woot 
"pepperoni sriracha and tabasco pizza with tabasco flavored slim jims, fruit snacks and gushers for lunch today  so healthy i could have a heart attack "
"pretty sure there'll be a zombie apocalypse before we run outta gas, hopefully there's no shortage of ammo "
cut a watermelon and only lopped off one finger!
arrested development is the best show i've seen in a very long time 
would the gov't hurry up and come back   frickin annoying  i need my fishing license 
"just got back from river bats game vs the rochester honkers  double header split the series, lost the first game 7-3 but shut them out second 5-0 "
holy hot day batman! morehead recorded the hottest place on earth july 19th with a heat index of 134 degrees fahrenheit  sheesh 
"just read an article, a man found a message in a bottle 2000 <propmale> from its origin, claiming a $150 reward to whoever returns it to the sender, thing is, it was thrown 50 years ago  current rates put that $150 reward at over $1100 bucks  sheesh "
"say you were a serial killer  go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side \1st person turns you in: <propmale> eggers\2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone: <propfemale> mellas\3rd person is your partner in crime: <propfirst> neumann\4th person is your first victim: <propfemale> olivo\5th person tries to kill you: <propmale> thomas\6th person writes a tell all novel: <propfemale> mahowald\7th person helps you hide the bodies: <propfemale> kingsbury\\funny   "
"just built a $12,000 alienware desktop computer  to put this in perspective, you could buy a brand new <propfemale> rio for the same amount  hmm   totally awesome computer, or brand new car   yeah i'd get the computer "
i just stabbed myself trying to open a box  hands of a surgeon 
just logged onto my school computer from home  freakin sweet 
"reading about lhc and the higgs boson is making my head hurt  as <propfirst> <propfirst> once said, \e playful lain it to me as if i were 3\"" """
maxed out the ram on my computer today  16gbs baby!
next stop on improving my already wicked computer: ssd and throw the os on it  afterburners away!
"if anyone is interested, you can see the 21 million year old supernova of ptf 11kly tonight, given you have some binoculars or a small telescope  it's up and to the left of the last 2 stars in the big dipper (ursa <propmale>) handle "
has never been this excited to get a test back   umm   ever 
96% in my astronomy test  not too shabby 
maybe the gov't should switch to quicken  then maybe we could get out of our debts  are they using an abacus to balance their check register?
"for anyone who cares, the speed of light is 186k mps, translating to 669 6m mph  a light year is the time it takes light to travel in a year  so 669 6m mph, we'll call it 'a', (a*24)*365= approximately 5 9t <propmale>  that's a long way!"
so this satellite that is supposed to fall out of orbit   umm   how is that even possible? isn't there that whole gravitational pull of earth thing   ?
it's the autumnal equinox today  and we might be able to see jupiter depending on if you don't have a lot of light pollution 
"pack win, vikes lose  it was a good day "
"so october 9th there's gonna be a meteor shower, something i learned is that they name the meteor shower after the constellation that is behind it and this one is draco, which is between the big and little dipper in the north "
green and yellow for superbowl xlvi!! woot woot!!
180 pts in my fantasy league  hellz yeah 
443 days til the apocalypse  yay 
"the end of the mayan calendar is dec  21st, 2012  our calendar ends dec  31st, 2011, but the very next day turns to the 1st of january, so when did we start thinking that the end of the calendar meant the end of the world?"
3 days til <propmale> gaffigan! i am so frickin excited!!!
<propmale> jobs died today  he just stepped down from apple ceo like a month ago right? crazy!
"<propfirst> rodgers is the best selling jersey right now, hellz yeah green and yellow!"
<propfirst> g in 2 hours 41 minutes!
"as of right now: the top 4 nfl teams (besides the lions cuz they haven't played yet) are the packers at 5-0, the buffalo bills at 4-1, the patriots at 4-1 and the saints at 4-1  the bottom four are the rams and dolphins at 0-4, the colts at 0-5 and the eagles at 1-4  last year the only team in the top 4 now, were the patriots, the pack was 8th at 10-6, and the colts were 9th at 10-6  the bills were 28th at 4-12  things have changed!"
3 years ago no one in detroit would have thought they'd ever have a 5-0 start 
who here believes that sometimes to do what's best you have to do something that breaks the rules?
"despite <propmale> <propmale>'s underwhelming performance yesterday, he's still on track to beat <propfirst> moss's touchdown record set in 2007  moss had 23 touches in 16 games, or an avg of 1 4375 td's g, right now cj has 9 td's in 6, or 1 5 td's g  so he just needs 1 touch a game to the end of the season and he'll beat it by 1 touchdown "
"96% on my astronomy test, hellz yeah!"
finish this sentence for me: limewire   frostwire   (blank) 
just got back from paranormal activity 3 and is sleepin' with all the lights on!
"96% on my programming exam, hellz yeah once again!"
both my kickers and qb's are on their bye week next week  wtf mate?
"can't e playful lain it, but i feel like <propfirst> stark after i shave "
yesterday was the most interesting day i've had in a very long time  also threw 5 games of bowling for only 8 bucks  not too shabby!
can't wait til dodgeball starts!!
mw3 tomorrow!!
"good god almighty  my ps3 is busted, so when i enter a game, i have no sound  and my little brothers ps3 isn't updated, so i can't play mw3   wtf mate "
crisis averted  audio works  nothing like a little modern warfare 3 to start your day off!
headed to old chicago after work with <propfirst> kroska to use our foamer bucks for veterans day 
mw3 defeated in 5h 15m 44s  not too shabby!
you know you're not good when the opponent's backup qb rushes in for a td 
"so i believe it was the day after superbowl 43 that i said something around the lines of, \first hangover ever  never again \"" well i haven't been following that statement very well since then """
"that new t-pain song \5 o'clock\"" is pretty much awesome """
98% on my astronomy test  guess who doesn't have to take the final!!
is so freakin proud of the huskies beating #1 ranked minnesota tonight in hockey!
96% overall in my astronomy class   does that mean i truly am a space cadet?
