e1735b4d7da84ffe4713dbdd60678306
passed her drug testtttttt fuck yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
i loveeeeeeeeeeee my friends!!
"yes to ama, who's going?"
"throat hurts, have to work until 11pm again     that's what happens when you work at a hotel  annoyed "
"sorry if i am out of touch     started a new job at the omni front desk, and i work 3pm-11pm almost everyday   "
going to work all day     and night     get off at 11  anything going on tonight??
è così <propfemale> e nell'amore    la <propfemale> è buona  love 
this just in: i have the best best friend in the galaxy  love 33
wonders if the guys that tell me that what my boyfriend doesn't know won't hurt him or that i should call them when i'm done with him feel like douchebags when they run into him     because they are  haha 
going to the zoo  laugh 
loves her job
love love love love love
who wants to make me a fake id? haha
"is excited for bdubs?? haha idk, i'm not very hungry and they raised wing prices!"
is happy  are you?
is like a soda can of emotions that someone thought would be funny to shake up
who only has spicy jalapeno refried beans? gross
has the cutest boyfriend ever  laugh 
thinks it would be nice if any of her friends were in the area and could <propfemale> out    
is    only slightly addicted to sorority life   
thinks you should send me sl invites     because i am out for today!
is happy to see her friends again     can't say the same for classes!
augggghhhhhhhh classes in one hour!!
"what's that, cnu? you want my first born child in exchange for a parking pass? oh, but i won't actually be able to park anywhere? sounds like a deal to me! (guess who is parking at teeter for the next year)"
is gonna be living in the village oh yessssssssssssssssssss
just moved into <propfemale>!
"terribleness     i am practically blind right now, so fml "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
going ouutttttttttttttt hit up the phone
needs some motivation
"pomegranate! but still no homework motivation, ahhhhhh- tomorrow, for sure "
damnit      by the time my strawberries are ready to harvest i will be asleep       sad 
"study guide is fifteen pages      packed full of information     trying, trying   "
"bam done, i feel like i kicked a reasonable amount of physio exam ass"
lolllllll football is back in town      steelers!
today is something  rarrrrrrrr 
"potentially sick, if the fever, shaking, and chills are any indication (what, again? joy of joys), people are terrible today (stop shooting the messenger please), and 90's music  the best  screw this decade "
"bored, bored, bored, bored, bored"
"my heart is drenched in wine, but you'll be on my mind, forever"
"? if you are chilly, please take my sweater ?"
"although i don't feel very well, i'm happy because my boyfriend is amazing  smile "
is feeling more tan already!
"is so, so happy "
today is full of success and champagne
is a sodium ion
"apparently since there is construction, it is just okay to disregard traffic laws"
wishes the weather would make up its mind
laughing so hard it hurts
"tomorrow!! class, gym, study group, clsss, class, tan, find a job? ahhhhh, someone hire me!"
off-the-vine pumpkin picking  love 
accidentally drove to north <propfemale> with her boyfriend yesterday     
facebooks sucks today       def need to have more than two days off of school!
firing my laserrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"sitting here, surrounded by textbooks      i have been doing homework all break, so why do i still have so much left? i want a naaaaaaaaaap "
i can feeeeeel the espresso rushing through my veins
"has studied so long     has taken so many notes     and made sooooo many lists, charts, and study guides      ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
is quitting life  howwwww can you study for over twenty hours for something and still not feel good about it  annoyed 
is a gap between the myelin on a neuron's axonnnnnn
hanging with tram pham from vietnammmmmm
muse is amazing 
is about to kick some n64 <propfemale> ass
"according to howmanyofme com, i am the only tiphany chipman in the worldddddd"
"there's only one thing, to do, three words, for you  love "
can't wait to finally pick pumpkins this weekend  smile 
i wanna be the very best
needs some motivationnnnnnnnn
is so incredibly sore      at least that workout was effective
my mind must be as sore as my body    for i have legitimately forgotten how to find the area of a zcore whatttttttttttttt  hittin the books!
carved pumpkins with my man  smile  finally! pumpkins seeds tomorrow!!
it starts tonightttttt
farewell last college halloween! you were awesome!
sweat pants tucked into boots = classy
"if i can't live independently, i'd rather be a water flea "
humans are cowards in the face of happiness 
should i take theatre 252 y n? is it really time consuming and difficult?
"registered    for the last time  no more next semester  i know this is a good thing, but      also very sad "
plaza tonight!  smile 
nekoconnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
the fire marshal to me: nice furry handcuffs
"for once my finals are spread out! except for my stat finals, which seem to be following the current trend of the exams being on the same day    someone, somewhere, is laughing at me "
only ever wants live feed  wtf is this news feed option 
"hah  that'll teach you guys to ever think that cnu actually cares about its students  i feel bad for those that have to drive, and even worse for those that have to walk (like me) "
"ps, cnu is finally canceled "
slept all day  awesome  i guess now i will get on that homework   
ahh! my power is dying! but on the plus side my morning classes are canceled so i don't even have to skip it hahhhhhhhhhh
"uh, so i hope i get some work done this weekend, since i accomplished absolutely nothing these last two days cnu has been canceled     eeks  concert tonight (more of me doing nothing aha)!"
how bout dem steelers
working on mass amounts of paperwork for jet and lots of homework      i need a break!
will be surprised if she survives the week    good thing she has an amazing boyfriend that brings her yummy food  smile 
meteor shower with <propmale> tonight  smile 
"no, i will not join your cause  stop inviting me  stop re-inviting me everytime i decline  if i didn't do it the first time, i'm probably not going to the fourth time either "
"dear people that live above me: why are you always so loud? especially when i am trying to sleep at night  if you were getting some then i could understand, but you're nooooooooooooot "
"what's with all these \hug a -insert type of person here- days?\"" stop inviting me  i don't want to hug you """
"it's crazy how i can't wait for it to be over, but i never want it to end  ah, college "
watching <propmale> play fable while i do homework = jealousy
my eyes hurt from rollin'     just saw twilight haha
"today: clean, finish senior sem paper, finish take home stat exam, study for other stat exam, work on senior sem study guide, make delicious food and cake, relax with <propmale>  smile "
"hell week, ready, set, gooooo"
ugh     just saw a commercial for jersey shore     as an italian i am offically offended   
so this chick is constantly applying makeup in class  classy 
facebook is deliberately sabotaging my attempts at homework
"?and you're my favourite thing, tell it everywhere i go, i don't know what to do, this heart's on fire?"
"is on straight energy     and still can't focus  what i would do for some adderall     well, actually i wouldn't do much for adderall but i could really use some right about now "
who is going to electrocute??
first track meet of the season! go <propmale>!  smile 
is seriously opposed to passive-agression
dear professors: if you give me an a i will seriously bake you the cake of your choosing  or dinner  or be your best friend 
three red bulls deep      i can do thiiiiiiis!
a little bit of muse is what i need to make it through this day
still remembers what an infarct and penumbra areeeeee
pool with the bestie <propfemale> boychuck
obx with the besties for the weekend  smile 
"as much as the stars in the sky, i think of you"
and i love the way you call me baby
i feel like i was in a fight haha
saddleridge for <propfirst>'s 21st!
"pool, grilling, dancing? yes  smile "
damn she's a sexy bitch    rvalution!
pool with <propfemale> boychuck and <propfemale> pruitt  smile 
can't even believe the nerve of some people
busch
pools  smile 
 smile 
"feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine  smile "
"pool with <propfemale> pruitt, <propfirst> léron ?, and <propfemale> boychuck, then fireworks at busch!"
"thanks to the weather, <propfemale> pruitt and i need all new plans today  sad  thinking of doing a photoshoot, need extras, text us if you are interested!"
oh cnu i miss you
"okay weather, are we going to play this game again?"
getting ready for a good time with great people  smile 
ohhhh last night
i literally hate all of my clothes right now
"it's only 5 pm, but i am finally dressed and presentable haha"
"      you take a pill, wonder if it will fix you, they wonder why sorrow has never left you      "
"seriously, all we have in this house are various forms of pasta"
