5174f2f4abd014df840839ca8bfcef7f
it's hard to wait for something that might never come    like jesus 
i'm finally here   
i'm taking the next bus off this silly planet     annoyed 
when the rain comes down  i'll show you where  the hole you left is still cold and bare  an empty space beside me in bed  i still smell your sweat where once laid your head 
"it's blue, and it tastes like berries    but it's not blueberry jello     annoyed "
what a curious feeling i was woken up to! the cool morning air makes me pull my toes under the blanket  yet the thrill of my dreams the night before only elevates in anticipation of the excitement of the day waiting for me ahead!
"i fuck with reality  you better believe i just came back from outer space! made a pit stop in africa and swam back home  when i paddle, i sound like <propfirst>   joyful "
making a sock monkey with my <propmale>   laugh 
"it is 3 in the morning, yet i have no <propfemale> to sleep any longer    something is wrong with this picture    i'm not used to this     annoyed    "
"my world e playful ands with each breath that i take    and with it so does my heart and mind    and so it goes, until my final breaths are taken   "
"morning came and cleared my head, and all that past seemed far and dead  no loneliness of any kind, can bother my new peaceful mind "
what ever happened to teh gimmickry?
going rock climbing with <propfemale> today! i'm practically shivering with excitement!  joyful 
can't find my shoes    i gots the early morning blues     playful 
incest is gross    but name one guy who wouldn't get it on with a horny set of twins   
your words intoxicate and liberate    they bring me to my knees and make me cry the happiest tears i have ever felt    i have never felt my brain e playful lode quite as beautifully as it did tonight    i crave freedom from oppression and i hunger for god's strength to bring me closer to the lightnening that is your mind   
great    now i'm sick  annoyed 
i want a slave! no men please  love 
"good day, sunshine!"
"procrastinating will be the end of me    fuck, i'm still doing it  annoyed "
everyone seems to be taking turns stressing me out today    anyone else? i need a massage  annoyed 
i'm a grumpy bitch this morning    don't fuck with me
i feel so glamorous  joyful 
"hope for the best, e playful ect the worst   "
i'm gonna fill my fucking tank! with what you ask? with energy  joyful 
good friends will call you multiple times at 5 in the morning to ask you some of the worlds most pressing questions     like where the weed at? just shoot me now please  annoyed 
is too tired to feel lonely    i'm forgetting how good it feels to relax and play guitar for a while    where is my mind?
"i love being up early on crappy days  coffee and aimless staring at puddles out my window    four hours outside in the rain? hell yeah, here i come wfp!!!"
anyone going to the movies this weekend?
"the trick is to combine your waking rational abilities with the infinite possibilities of your dreams  because, if you can do that, you can do anything "
paranormal activity    what can i say    <propfemale> is a wimp    and the movie was blah   
it's all fun and games until someone gets hurt   
today is the last day of classes for me    i am in desperate need of celebration   call me!!!
"on really romantic evenings of self, i go salsa dancing with my confusion "
it was five years ago today    i miss my daddy 
"dream is <propfemale>    if you haven't already done so, watch the waking life    take a bite of some existential pie "
"wants to go to a movie, or to a museum, or ice skating, or a cafe for hot cocoa  i'd also be up for games, making shadow puppets and people watching at union square  i would stay up late talking about dumb shit on the phone, share links to cool sites and sing along if i already know the song you're listening to  i'd lend you a helping hand and a shoulder to cry on if you lend me an ear and a napkin to wipe my tears"
people take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness  just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost 
going out to buy myself a new mp3 player    douche  
it is physically impossible to get lost in this fucking city    i've tried   
how can i make this day worth living
yes    i feel so much better now    who says you need drugs to feel good?
its not bitching if i give a shit  love 
needs a printer     sad 
im going on a sephorathon in the city    at least one of the ten stores are bound to hire me    wish me luck  playful 
sephorathon part deux today  cha'mone! =p
"the more i learn about life, the less i seem to understand it   "
*sigh*
"beer, stoges, <propfirst> and <propmale> casserole, and vaginal piercings    > >"
today i will be painting christmas on a tea store window    christmas? 2010? omg wtf    where has the year gone  annoyed 
i'm pretty proud of my <propmale>syness today  joyful  tomorrow i shall <propmale> me up a kickass business card!
i'm going on a last minute trip to the museum of natural history with <propfirst> and my little sister     joyful  yay!
my 8 year old sis learned to multiply and divide in like 2 hours    next im gonna teach her fractions and e playful onents    algebra shouldnt be too hard eighter    im raising a super genius! muahahahahaha!!!!!
all's fair in love and war 
"to my left, i have what's right   to my right, i have whatever's left   i'm moving forward   "
is fighting an ongoing battle against negativity and sadness    to see the beauty in the world is a talent that requires <propfemale> and practice 
everything is awesome  fundamentally 
is filled to the brim with yummy deliciousness =p
it's not the end of the world when you're feeling bad  embrace the bad and examine it  taste it and smell it and feel it circulate through your body  learn to love the bad before it destroys your love 
reality's a bitch 
love is that condition in which the happiness of another                   person is essential to your own 
it's too cold for errands  annoyed 
"so, i almost got hit by a speeding car on the way to the store today  nothing like a near death e playful erience to spice up an otherwise cold and uneventful day    i need a beer    a hug would be nicer tho "
remember to always think twice  don't think twice 
the gorillaz station on pandora is making me sooooo happy!
"everyone's unhappy, everyone's ashamed, everyone is crazy, everyone's to blame "
"i am not my thoughts, nor am i an image, emotion, name or body  i am the observer, a perfect spirit of god "
don't be a jerk! it's christmas!!!
i found a twenty dollar <propmale> on the street! now i need to figure out a good way to spend it    i'm thinking eighter beer or toys for homeless kids    decisions decisions     annoyed 
i  love  wrapping paper  joyful 
"i'm perfect for somebody, even if it isn't you "
"dear <propfemale>, i haven't been that good this year  sorry about that  when you come by tonight to leave me my e playful ensive and completely undeserved gifts be sure to eat all my cookies  if it's at all possible, take all of those shiny gifts back and bring me someone to love and to hold for the holidays  that would be pretty sweet                                                                            love, <propfemale>"
it's all fun and games until you get sick  then you feel like a dunce for not getting a flu shot 
should old acquaintance be forgot and never braught to mind? we'll take a cup o' kindness yet for old <propfemale> syne 
"don't take it so bad  you're a great friend facebook, but our relationship is getting a little out of hand  i just need some space  i need to e playful lore a world outside of us  texting is fine, but i am looking for something more "
just call me <propfemale> creamcheese  i'm a bagel girl  lol
sometimes it helps to laugh at myself 
being alone isn't so bad  it's a little like riding a bike through a valley    or masterbating in the dark 
"i'm an awesome, interesting, full of energy, and incredibly funny person  but i'm only like this if you pay me and drive me home afterwards  my work persona frightens me "
i'm sorry 
i never knew that stop signs looked so great! it's like i just stepped out of a fog i've lived in all my life  hd reality   
thanks guys  i sure do feel that facebook love 
if you're reading this then i don't completely hate you  love 
is home at last
i need more ladies in my life  
"in case you don't already know, i can't whiten your teeth, make you lots of money or suck the fat out of you   and i really hate hackers"
sometimes i dream about my facebook community as a pleasant grassy valley  with all my friends as little flowers and bees with 2-d cut out picture faces  facebook is a lot more magical in my dreams  
i'm boycotting the acronym 'ily'    really? have we gotten that lazy that we can't even waste a few extra milli seconds to say something beautiful?
just one more day  things will never be the same again  be afraid    muahahahaha!!!
spent all day riding a bicycle  best day ever!
god has a sick sense of humor 
i need to figure out a way to transport one egg in my backpack to karls house on a bike without getting egg goo on my books   any ideas??
love love love love love love love! rain is nice  laugh 
educational software for gradeschoolers is hella fun  i end up having more fun then my sister! ground squirrels hibernate in the summer to get away from the heat  i wish i could do that    and dont even get me started on <propfirst> sandiago  playful 
"last night i had a dream where i baught one of those kindle electronic book readers and i remember thinking how awesome it was    this really scares me, i hope my dreams don't start turning into commercials "
"someone with the number 1(646)591-9292 has been calling me for weeks and not saying anything    please prank call it, blow it up, use it to buy ringtones, i don't care   "
it's been so long since i felt sand between my toesies  i love <propfemale> betancourt and <propfemale> colosimo  love 
i wish there was a soundtrack for this feeling 
i can't sleep when i feel like i'm melting    guh
i seriously need to stop shooting myself in the foot  
"a movie has never made me nauseous before    sick sick sick, i almost threw up   "
i'm going to the dominican republic on tuesday   gonna get my tan on!
so much to do and absolutely no urge to get out from under these covers    it's gonna be a long fucking day   
"three hours till go time, i'm itching with excitement   playful "
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!! c ya on friday!
"weather is ass, but i'm happy to be back home  "
"i actually was interested in talking to these jehovah witness chicks, but when i started asking questions, they got uncomfertable and left    that kinda mad me sad  i guess that means i'm not excepted into the kingdom of god or someshit "
"it's wonderful, i dream of you  chips <propfirst>ps <propfirst>ps da didoo didoo <propfirst> bum <propfirst> bum bum "
it's official! i'm going back to school this fall! gonna get my knowledge on! i'm so proud of me  joyful 
bonfire at the plum tonight  are you man enough?
i just got bitch smacked by a trojan virus  i guess there will be no internet for me   sad 
c'est la vie
drunken kite flying is surprisingly fulfilling 
on an air conditioned train listening to 101 9  it is like they are reading my musical mind! perfection  
"i feel like a dried up sea monster, i might cry  sad "
"as soon as my head hit the pillow, a man came and took my bed away   "
"is anyone else pissed about the fact that they remade the original we be burning song by <propfirst> <propfirst>? not only did they change it completely so that there is no marijuana references at all, they made it damn near impossible to find it on youtube "
there is a huge moth in my room and i'm too much of a pussy to go in there  i can't fall asleep knowing it might fly over and try to make friends with my face  20 dollars to the person who comes over and gets rid of it  sad 
i just got hired to work at party city  hoooorraaahh!  playful 
"whatever you do, don't be bored  this is absolutely the most exciting time we could have possibly hoped to be alive  and things are just starting "
"dowside of the day: i lost my portfolio and all my artwork  upside of the day: going to playa <propmale> fuego in <propmale>aware for the weekend    honestly, i just hope whoever found it liked it enough not to throw it out  annoyed "
i haven't smoked a cigerette in three weeks and i'm starting to feel it   it sucks  sad 
i need a lightbulb 
this thanksgiving i am thankful for my mom who is a champion and does the impossible ( mothering me and my little sissy )  i am thankful for my friends who make my life worth living and my sweet iggy who doesn't need an e playful lanation cause he already knows how amazing i think he is   love  i'm hungry  
i guessed how many <propfemale> things were in the jar and i won a free metrocard! im awesome  laugh 
me and iggy just saw <propfirst> duchovny while geocaching in the city  i imagined him being a little taller in person 
100 caches in the bag!  laugh 
i just watched thumbelina and cried for my childhood  sad? yes  only a child could enjoy such a simple story without overanalyizing all the stupid flaws  tomorrow? probably balto or the troll in central park!
thank you for all the birthday wishes! it was such a great day and leading into a good night with my sweety!  love 
voluntarily waking up really early every morning is the hardest thing i've ever had to do  but it is necessary  i get it done and that's all that matters!
"i've been labeling my school essays very angrily lately  i use names like \1984 essay goddamnit\"" and \""fucking health bullshit\""  i just realized this today after labeling my sociology paper \""stupid sociology bs fucking aye\""  a little bit of an anger problem i suppose  """
"if i owned a pair a ice skate, i'd just skate my way to school  the side walks are lined with ice, you've been warned   "
who just got a job? << this chick just got a job!!
"anything you can do, i can do better!"
"i can't sleep, i'm so nervous and excited! first day of work! wish me luck!  laugh "
sitting in the dmv    i would seriously rather be at work    annoyed 
just drove for the first time! and didn't die!!!  laugh  yay
"in case you are out of the loop, using <propfemale> secret shopping bags as hand bags is 'hip' around the young girls these days "
nobody tells you how itchy a tattoo is gonna be until after you get it  after waking up every two hours because of this unbearable feeling my lack of sleep is written on my face  thank goodness for five hour energy!!
"lmao  thanks to whoever just prank called me, that was priceless!"
