6207e729980eeac40ef969494397b400
its the weekend!
some people don't tip delivery drivers  these people are a) stupid b) rude c) poor d) both a and b  i'll give you a clue: poor people tip the best 
"i found the holy grail  or vanilla coke zero, which is actually a bit better "
hardcore studying: commenced 
studied <propmale> for 2 hours before i was completely distracted 
asian philosophy is so boring to study   
<propmale> final wasn't bad  asian philosophy is left 
"doctor appt  today, then writing my soc paper til midnight! wooo    "
"writing my soc paper  6 1 2 hours remain to turn it in  5 <propfemale> minimum  ready, go "
somehow destroyed my work pants   going to get a new pair now   
 laugh 
"b-, b, a, a, a  all in all, not too shabby "
playing games all day  laugh 
bbl  road tripping 
12 hours at the pizza slut tomorrow   
shot down by his #1 pick 
11:11 make a wish!
12 smile 4    smile 
"and now, the wait "
9am and 11am canceled due to ice  10am and 1pm still going on 
no class til 3 smile 0   sleeping in and getting stuff done!
off to dsm with the girlfriend  smile 
homework time   
"9, 10, 11, 1 "
has an interview today !!
has his first french capstone class today   and has no idea what he's going to do 
leaving friday after class for wartburg  laugh 
cooking party today  laugh  lots of homework too
my lungs are on fire  i can't breathe  i can't see straight  is this how its going to end?
update: i'm alive 
6 months  laugh 
missing a certain someone   
is infected   and likes it 
stupid classes keep interfering with my college  leave me alone!
received bad news in the mail 
needs a break
facebook tells me that no one is online  i don't believe it   it just   it can't be true!
"i hate you, <propfirst> weismantel "
is off to see the most amazing and gorgeous lady in the world   smile 
i'm gonna need more diet coke to even look at all this homework   
88 days til graduation 
doesn't feel so well
is feeling better 
firefox upgrade = amazing  persona's are so awesome looking!
finished my wwii in the pacific book  laugh 
doing homework all day 
"attention is the last of the great greek gods still to be worshipped today  he is a jealous god, demanding that much be paid in tribute to his unholy powers  woe be to those who try to skimp on tributing, for the penalties are quite horrible and damning "
"could use a nice break from stuff so that he can finish what he has to do, w o adding more on "
"is going to have a mental breakdown soon  5 hours of studying cognitive psychology, here i come "
"i'm alive, and so far no breakdowns  on the to-do list: study for spanish, write a book report, read my cog psych text, attend a meeting, write a detailed plan and bibliography (in french!) for a 8-10 <propfemale> research paper on french resistance under the vichy nazi regime "
making good progress 
hey  this is <propfirst>  i really suck at life  fml 
excited for the weekend!
boo homework 
needs spring break to hurry its butt up!
"should central go trayless? yes  should central go coke-less? i think not  demand more coca cola machines on campus now!!! unite against the tyranny, oppression, and utter bullsh!t!"
omg  stop posting things on my wall you freaks 
almost half way done w my article critique! woo!
"give me the beat boys and free my soul, i wanna get lost in your rock and roll, and drift away   "
lost power for an hour-ish 
"french capstone   central's last, best <propmale> to kill me "
"i dreamed i was missing, you were so scared    but no one would listen, cause no one else cared   "
finally beat assassin's creed 2  rating: 9 5   10 
"i feel like death has come for me again  i figured it was just more of the french capstone, but then i saw its name, and it was student loans  crap "
off to waverly and the amazing <propfemale> schmitt!
"is in ankeny for a while  unfortunately, he's writing his french capstone the whole time "
stupid-french-capstone-ruining-my-life-i-want-you-finished!gah!rawr!etc!
not having a good wednesday  everything seems to just kind of suck today 
grad school apparently wasn't meant to be  starting the job search soon   
filed his first tax return  sweet 
the game  ha!
"halfway on <propfemale> 3  thats half a <propfemale> in the last 3 hours  sweet, only another 5 or 6 <propfemale>s to go   15 or 18 hours of work more? ish?"
prison à perpétuité   way cooler than life in prison 
<propfemale> 4? i think so 
wishes his 8-10 <propfemale> paper was only 4  and didnt require any conclusion 
"if this paper were a famous person in history, it would be genghis khan, scourge of humanity  its sole purpose in life would be to dominate the human race, or possibly to rape, pillage and slaughter countless millions  that is the nature of the beast i face "
5 pages  3-5 more 
managed 3 hours outside in a row - 2 classes agreed to meet outside!
is having a moderately more successful evening than morning afternoon 
studying for cognitive psychology made me realize how attractive that glass of cult koolaide can be 
is having a minor mental meltdown 
"busy day, wednesday    hope i can survive it "
"managed to survive thus far   on to french club meeting, movie   then revising french capstone for 12 hoursish "
revising french capstone 
is a total idiot 
finally dropped out of french capstone  what a waste   
"may have fooled a few people, but is sure that he could never fool you, dear reader "
happy 8 month!
finished exit counseling 
hates wednesdays 
thinks that his primate cognition class probably hates him
"is on <propfemale> 8! finishing touches, then its off to the prof! also, i've never done this much homework on a friday "
finally  it is done 
"is definitely still in pain from his limbo-ing skills, or more precisely, lack there-of "
definitely went to bed at a quarter to 10 last night  awesome 
"interview in dsm today, hope it goes well!"
interview went well!
is it too late to re-reconsider my decision to be a french <propmale>?
not really sure how to go about this paper   or that paper    or that one over there   or that one over there   geez 
way too much data coding going on right now 
has not enough hours in the day to finish everything 
no idea what else to include in that paper - so its done  *pats self on back*
wednesday through friday: chicago 
