17e065941b05e66dfefec39fef92a525
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  i had a good day 
a new teen in the house today  my natertater turns 13 today!
<propfirst> is participating in the abilene high school band march-a-thon tomorrow! five mile march fundraiser  email me if you are interested in being a sponsor!
getting ready to go watch <propfirst> and the abilene high band     and the eagle football team of course!!!
"football game tonight, tall city marching contest tomorrow and a visit with mom  gonna be a good weekend!"
http annoyed  www wbap com goout asp?u=http annoyed  images radcity net 5155 3978692 mp3 http annoyed  www wbap com goout asp?u=http annoyed  images radcity net 5155 3978692 mp3
"my sister gave birth to a precious baby boy tonight! we are blessed to have peyton <propmale> <propfirst> in our lives! 7lbs 15ozs and 19\ long """
"i watched as my oldest, <propfirst>, was inducted into the national honor society last night  those of you that knew me in high school know that he gets it all from his momma!!  wink "
abilene high beat arlington bowie 35-7 last night  klein is next on our list  we will be playing them in waco next saturday  they are the last team to stand in our way before the state championship  go eagles!!!
my first political speech   http annoyed  video yahoo com watch 5901909 15363258
"chillin' \haha\"" in tucson with the family  good to be out of town for a while """
in <propfemale> with mom  she had knee replacement surgery two days ago  she has since had a stroke  she had no feeling in her left side  some feeling and movement has returned to her hand and face  prayers are needed 
mom (<propfemale> bruns) is doing alright today  she lost the improvement in her hand but she has maintained the sensation in her face even though her face still droops  your prayers are a blessing and we <propfemale> your continued efforts 
"hey all  mom responded to <propfirst> tickling her foot today  she still cannot move her arm or leg, but the response to stimulation is encouraging  she has moved to the rehab unit and will begin working hard tomorrow "
"mom did very well today  when the neurologist visited her, she was able to lift her left foot up about 4 inches to meet his hand! her arm is still not moving, but she has had some return of sensation  what a difference a day makes! thank you all for your continued prayers!"
"mom is really doing well  her face is almost back 100% looking at it, but the sensation is not back  she was able to lift her leg again today for the doctor  <propfirst> doesn't ever she it and she has performance anxiety when he is there and cannot manage to do it for him  they took her today for another mri and will get the results back soon  thank all of you for your encouragement and prayer "
had a blast on the rio frio this past weekend! our church family is truely the best! update on mom is good  mom continues to improve  she moved from the bed onto a transfer board making transfer to the wheelchair easier  she was also able to use her good arm to push herself up in bed  on the phone today the slurring was hardly present  she is getting homesick  thank you for your continued prayers 
"another prayer request  <propmale> mcdonald, the son of <propfirst> and <propfemale> mcdonald was shot in the chest  he is doing well, but please send up a prayer for him and the family  more details to come "
"mom is doing pretty good  she suffered an impingement in her knee on sunday and is still e playful eriencing some swelling from that  her time for the hospital is up on friday  she will be moved to a skilled nursing facility for further rehab  she is very homesick  she says thank you for all the care, concern and prayers through this difficult time "
"copied from <propfemale> - children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is not a cure and it's definitely not contagious  they want what we all want    to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding    will          you copy, paste, and leave this as your status for at least an hour"
"for i am not ashamed of the gospel of christ, for it is the power of god to salvation for everyone who believes       for in it the righteousness of god is revealed from faith to faith; as it is written, \the just shall live by faith \""  rom 1:16-17"""
"time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils     - <propfirst> <propmale> berlioz"
"a computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing "
"love is like a booger  you keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it "
my girl <propfemale> plays for the championship in volleyball at a tournament today! go falcons!
<propfemale>'s volleyball team placed second in their tournament today! way to go falcons!!!
<propfirst> went to lubbock yesterday for drumline competition  they took 1st in 5a and 1st in big school! go eagles 
"always remember you're unique, just like everyone else "
if you post somthing on someone's profile you should make sure you log off before the get on the computer   smile  cheese!!!
"looking for results from the tall city marching contest from yesterday  specifically, how did abilene high do?"
"my nephew, peyton, was hospitalized today with a staph infection on his stomach  we don't know how long he will be there  prayers please!"
peyton update: about 9pm last night they drained the infection on peyton's stomach and removed 7ccs of puss  that is a significant amount from a 1 year old's body  they are e playful ecting the hospital stay to exend to the weekend  thanks to everyone for the prayers and well wishes  we are blessed to have so many christian friends!
i pick my nose and people should always log off of thier facebooks
"getting ready to travel to midland for the abilene high - midland <propfirst> football game  i will be working the mirror during the ahs band show  i will be the mirror that starts on the south end 40 yard line  for those interested in the game but not close enough to go, it will be televised on espn2 starting at 8pm "
got into town about 2am from midland to find that all of our mirrors for the abilene high band show were broken! we finished cleaning glass out of the truck and making a plan for contest monday evening  what a nightmare!
"i am headed out to go vote  if you haven't already, please do  you may not even like the choices, but remember that there are people in this world who have given their lives to participate in corrupt elections in hope of something better  your chances of being killed to have your voice heard is so very very small  go vote!"
"what has 3,000 friends, a 40 car motorcade, cuts down coconuts, moves 34 war ships and costs an estimated 1 8 billion (yes, that is billion with a b)? \\president obama's vacation to <propfemale> to see the festival of lights     really??????"
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and they have lost 9 marines in four days  praying for all our soldiers  please repost  it would be nice to see this on everyones wall"""
why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?
