57394ee0a3faea8a5942506bb2dbe5b4
"i gotta make a salad today, but i feel really lazy  riveting, i know "
"this morning i went grocery shopping and bought a watermelon  over the course of the day, i have slowly eaten the whole thing   smile "
"my week of ultimate laziness is nearly over  i can no longer keep up this level of sloth, regrettably  i'm going to the gym to reduce my ever e playful anding flesh   smile "
omg it's late 
my girl <propfemale> is in heat  she will  not  shut  up 
is thinking a nice veggie pizza sounds really good tonight!
"realized that '<propfemale> commented on her own status' a lot today  i'm feeling totally self-centered, lol "
"mmm  does it get any better than a fresh, home made salad drizzled with <propfemale> oil and spices, topped with cajun-flavored shrimp, and served with a glass of pinot noir? i submit that it does not "
"thinks it's really freaky that that \tattoo your spouse's name\"" app knows my husband's name  *looks around suspiciously*"""
stayed up late reading old stories i wrote in high school  good lord   i remember thinking how great they were   annoyed 
"wants you to know she's lost 10 pounds since 7 29, in her ongoing attempt to be more socially acceptable "
is dying to see 9 in theaters this weekend!! who wants to go with me and geek out?!?!
"is going to the theater tomorrow night, whoo hoo! i got me a sitter and <propfirst>'s away, so it's: burning new music then a walk jog at mine falls followed by geekery  and possibly booze "
"man, what crappy weather  no mine falls today  gonna juice up the ipod and hit the gym "
feels good! after being sick last week it's nice to get back to normal   whatever that might be for me   laugh 
"hates her glasses with the fires of a thousand suns  i lost my right contact lens forever!! rip contacts, you served me well for 9 years "
is convinced that all eye doctors are freakin' weirdos 
back to the grind   and eagerly awaiting my new glasses and contact lenses to come in!!
"today is <propfirst>'s 5th birthday! partay tonight!!   just kidding, party this weekend   smile "
"just want you to know she is not a \secretary\""  no ma'am  not a secretary """
"has got some heavy stuff to think about  heavy, heavy stuff    "
is realizing the microwave sweet potato i brought for lunch today is turning out to be more work than i thought   
"has entered a topsy-turvy twilight zone where down is up, left is right, and people walk on their hands instead of their feet "
is back from newport  i has funny pictures 
is hacking up a lung today  maybe both   
"okay, one of my recurring bad dreams is being in my car and having it shit the bed in various ways  the dreams are so realistic that it's getting to the point that when i hear an odd noise in my car i can't be sure if i've heard it before or if i was only dreaming it! grah "
is annoying her coworkers with her persistant cough  heh heh > smile 
"feels like crap  i'm really hoping this cough isn't something serious   anybody else had a really deep, painful cough that wakes you up all night?"
   and that's about all i can take  back to the couch with me  bleeehh 
so many mountains of paperwork involved in buying a house   !
wishes the heat in her office worked today  brrrrrrr 
wonders why her profile pics aren't working?? anyone else had this problem?
"ramen noodles for dinner, <propfirst>!    best mom evar"
note to self: never get the delicious spearmint cough drops  get the gross ones 
"<propfirst> just asked me if any \zombies\"" will come  i didn't even think he knew about zombies """
"well, it's official, i have bronchitis  saw the docs, got the antibiotics  now i hope this damned cough goes away "
slept all morning and is enjoying extra-strong coffee   smile 
"oh my god, <propfirst> had a tick burrowed in his eyelashes!! give it up for him, he was very brave while i yanked it out with tweezer!!  surprise "
"so manch has trick or treating today during the day  that is wrong, wrong i say! but, then again, free <propfemale> "
no coffee makes jenn a sad panda   
"was called a \liberal twat\"" today   and it felt great   smile """
i'm curling up tonight to watch the south park halloween episode marathon  yay!
"\i want so badly to believe that there is truth and love is real   and i want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd   \"""""
"waiting for a callback from my crappy doctor  man, this totally blows  cough still here, and today i feel worse than i've felt all week "
"dear dr  stone: even though in july you called me fat, and i'm still unsure whether or not to forgive you, i am grateful to you for prescribing the two medicines that have finally made me feel better than i have in three weeks   smile "
trick or treating followed by party tonight! woo!
"sometimes, i wish i had my very own live-in bartender  i could learn how to make drinks with the liquor in my cabinet, but it would taste so much better if made by my very own bar tender! faster, too "
"i'm wearing snowflake pajama bottoms under my skirt, drinking strong coffee and smoking a cigar  it's sexy time!"
"yesterday, i got the biggest surprise ever  my hamster, <propfemale>, had babies!! pictures coming soon    "
"hardly got any sleep last night, but feels a bit better this morning  hopefully i won't find any more little baby hamster corpses this evening   sad   sad   sad "
"thankful: for the smiles, the jokes, the arguments, the child's loveable ocd, the filthy animals, the sincere sentiments, the intellectual and the silly, the gallons of coffee, the love triangles with happy endings, the crazy fandoms, the music, the love, teh internet, my friends both meat and ether, my enemies to sharpen my wit, my pens and paper,  and every second i'm breathing the air and just feeling alive "
wants a wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube man 
could probably eat a whole bag of snap pea crisps  they are my new favorite thing!!
"even though we weren't related by blood, you were sort of everyone's <propfemale>  you will be missed and in my thoughts today   "
i have a leftover chicken carcass i want to boil for soup  can anyone help this domestically-challenged woman? how do you do it? just stick it in a pot and fire it up?
we're moving back to manch  sunday the 27th is moving day  anyone want 50 bucks and free pizza to help us move?? dibs to family 
"i am    really, really sore today "
"just so everyone knows, i don't have internet at my new house yet  they are coming to hook it up on <propfirst> 4  so it'll be quiet around here  i can only pop in at work, but only for a sec  see everyone next week! happy new year!!"
maroon
"i'll jump on the bandwagon, because my ego needs stroking   wink  post one word that describes how you think of me  remember to disturb and shock me wherever possible "
"i hate it when i log on and have like, 12 notifications     but they are all for quizzes   sad "
finally saw avatar last night            hmmm 
doppleganger week on fb-- change your profile pic to a famous look-a-like  mine's <propfirst> from <propmale>!
"anyone else here have kids who like <propmale> 10: alien force? that shit is so bad, it's good!"
"<propfirst> and i have been together, like, forever  since 1996  holy crap, that's 14 years!"
ugh  remember how i thought i might miss this frickin' plague that everyone around my succumbed to? ha! guess it was bound to be my turn sooner or later 
"when in doubt, just remember: not everything is all about you  just sayin' "
10 days 
9 days 
7 days 
"opps! i forgot yesterday! anyway, 3 days!!!"
2 days!
one day!!
"starting today, i am a full time artist! yes, i am done my day job and will soon have links to my work  stay tuned! i am creating a portfolio for submission    "
"i just found a 3-leaf clover in my baby spinach salad! happy st  <propfirst>'s day, everyone!  smile "
is rather surprised to find that mcdonald's lattes are complete and utter ass 
"my fortune cookie says \the <propfemale> of riches in (sic) shining on you \"" i can't feel very confident about that typo   """
they now have a prescription available to grow eyelashes fuller and thicker  bwahahahaha!!!
my computer got attacked by a nasty virus! probably the worst one i've ever seen  thank goodness i was able to clean it out and not lose anything! whew 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! made my day   smile 
"\pants are an illusion  so is death \"""""
going hamster-wheeling 
"i love you, <propmale> imahara  that is all   wink "
eccchh   why doesn't it just rain already?!
your basic level of human decency can be measured by how much berth and consideration you give me while i'm on a bike and you're in a car 
it's the kind of hot day where you walk outside and you feel your own 98 6 degrees and realize your internal temp is a lot cooler than the oven you're walking through 
"out drinkin dirty martinis and smokin da hookah! with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, corbin, mah biatch <propfemale>, and pal <propmale> up from shitty californ-eye-a! hookah!"
: new blog post :  testing 1 2 3 - http annoyed  www jejunecomic com 2010 07 13 testing-1-2-3 
facebook's like a ghost town  at home on a saturday night with nothing to do and no way to do it anyway    sigh 
we're doing what we have to do 
had this urge to clean my floors with bleach  fact: cleaning your floors with bleach makes your house smell like a swimming pool 
i'm bored  going to toodle around town  bored bored bored 
"what the crap is up with facebook today? chat's borked, everyone's pics are red \x\""s     the crap???"""
"to mother in public i just saw: frickin' stop whiiiiining at your kid! i know he's behaving like a little turd, but try to have some parental dignity, for <propmale>'s sake "
"eating a locally grown, fresh, delicious piece of cantaloupe  i didn't even know they could grow in nh  mmmmmm "
"there was nothing so disconcerting for me than casually glancing down during a bike ride and seeing the huge spider there, just chillin' on my arm  how long was it there?!?"
i'm going to give all my teenage girl or not-quite-teenage girl friends on fb some auntly advice regarding society's e playful ectations and attractiveness standards for teen girls: fuck that shit  seriously 
was up really early today! the lazy days of summer are coming to an end  gotta train myself to get up bright and early as <propfirst> starts school in a little over 2 weeks  first grade yay! school shopping today   
i am psyched for <propfirst>'s first day of school! i've finished school shopping and he goes on the bus the morning of sept  2  so exciting! i'll take pics 
"short hair is easier to maintain and style, but man, it's 1000% times easier to screw up, too "
heading out for a long road trip today  just me and <propfirst>!  smile 
"back from new jersey! an absolutely wonderful trip with my son, he's such a delight to travel with  but, am glad to be home "
"so while i was taking a shower there was this giant spider just a-sittin' on the shower curtain about head-level  so i'm backed into the corner of my shower trying to wash normally and avoid it shimmying down towards my naked, bite-able skin, alternately blowing on it to encourage it to take its disgusting self elsewhere "
"welp, another weekend alone  looks like it's time for more unfettered artistic awesomeness!!!"
"finds it ironic that any cigarette company would have the slogan \e playful erience the freedom!\"" isn't a smoking addiction kind of the antithesis of freedom??"""
"ah, acorn squash, truly you were a worthy adversary, but in the end you were no match for my knife and mighty biceps "
"fighting a migraine  sometimes, i hate my brain "
working on a (digital) painting   painting is my weakest link  but i guess the only way to get better at it is to do it    sigh  i'll post it here when i'm done 
is looking at a disgusting ad on my profile sidebar  it looks like a banana sandwich made with chocolate-frosted pop-tarts  bluuuuuuagh 
"happy 6th birthday to my little guy, <propfirst>! he's growing into such a great kid and we couldn't be more proud of him   smile "
"after years of just seeing snippets here and there, i finally watched all of \super size me\"" last night  let's just say that i am now ever more committed to my workout routine and healthful eating now   annoyed  off to the gym!"""
"jenn's rule of life #1: pay attention to what people do, not what they say "
"man, back to the future never gets old!"
warning! attempting crock-pot cookery! it's cooking right now and somehow it didn't burst into flames and or set the house on fire!!! finally gonna make that split pea soup  at least i have another bag of split peas in case i bork it up royally  a possibility 
"this might be inappropriate, but the iud is kind of like the crock-pot of contraceptives: set it and forget it! durr hurr hurr "
why do some people friend you only to unfriend you like a day later? i don't get it 
we had our first dog park e playful erience  it was awesome! dog got good exercise and had fun!
i wanna play a really good rpg besides final fantasy  i have a playstation 2  does anyone have any recommendations?
i know i need a haircut when i start looking like <propfirst> <propmale> from little house on the prairie 
"it's hard to get work done with this dog around! how do you people with more than one dog ever get anything done? of course, i feel the same way about people with lots of kids  how do you do it??"
"yuck  last time i ever get the tangerines at the grocery store  not only are they really bland and mushy, but each slice is bristling with seeds "
"dude, sorry for staring at you and making you uncomfortable  i do that sometimes and am really trying to stop    would you believe that i was studying your facial structure for artistic purposes?"
"arrgh my dog de-strung my blue <propfemale> necklace  she didn't chew anything up, it's just   completely disassembled! wtf??"
who wants to see megamind with me???
"damn it, facebook, the whole world doesn't need to know every minute change i make to my profile, '<propfemale>?"
is annoyed by those aggressive cosmetic beauty product kiosk salespeople all over the mall who try to accost me  do i look like i am interested in conforming to your bullshit beauty standards??
"hmm, dinner   dinner   what to have for dinner    i know! how about lower life forms?"
"today driving home i saw a license plate: niklbak  somewhere, at that exact moment, my brother sheds a single anguished tear "
so i think this cold that has completely kicked my ass this week is finally going away    ugh 
"got my teeth cleaned today  omg they are so white now  also, got two fillings  that was less awesome "
"i might offend some of my nerdier friends, but man, anime is such bullshit lately  i can't believe i used to love it so much "
"cough, you better not come back! i will punch you in the virus "
my doggie is sick   sad 
"during the past few days, i've found that the threat of impromtu, uncontrollable dog diarrhea works as a fantastic motivator for me "
hey all you kids   stop falling for all those chain emails and app requests from questionable sources! you're gonna infect your computers with a nasty virus if you keep that up 
so <propfirst>'s sick   john's sick   richard downstairs is sick   hope i don't get cooties!!
"so i ended up getting sick   bleah  was down with a fever yesterday, but today am doing much better  smile "
"ugh, another snow day  between snow days and <propfirst>'s illness, he hasn't been to school in almost a week! i'm ready for things to get back to normal now "
"i never thought i'd say this, but i am sick and tired of wearing layers of shirts and sweatshirts and blankets, no matter now comfy they are "
"you know what i hate? the fact that when someone takes my picture and i *think* i'm smiling, but when i see the pic i am actually doing some sort of weird tight-lipped smirk "
i'll be drawing like mad today!
is discouraged  pretty much the only responses to my job-hunting efforts has been douchebag scam offers! like i can't tell  > sad 
"gotta love the people who just unabashedly mine their noses while driving  that guy was looking right at me at the intersection, just diggin' away "
one thing they don't tell you about parenting is that you're basically signing up to be complained to about everything for 18+ years 
