2e7311dcc7ce78f58ec15de9ba6d6804
i wish all of you had phones so i wouldn't have to get on facebook to talk to you  annoyed  because latelyyy it's not bringing me much joy   ? haha  me had a wonderous time with my lemon   except for that unfortunate vitamin water incident  playful 
"~*if i had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense  nothing would be what it is, because everything would be what it isn't  and contrary wise, what is, it wouldn't be  and what it wouldn't be, it would  you see?*~"
"okaaay so i want a new hairstyle   post pictures of what you think i should get, pretty pleaaaaseee with cream cheese frosting and sugar on top? smile "
"bam margera just made my day, thank you mtv for showing a <propfemale> la bam marathon on the day i needed it most  wink  -•-bam margera   he lovesss to skate  he also likes to shake things up a bit-•-"
"so i decided what i'm going to do with my hair  laugh  i'm thinking alot of people will hate the choice   others-my more accepting friends, oh you will love it smile "
"you can do better than that broncos   i want domination!! it's the last game of the regular season, definitely more bitter than sweet  i will miss you so much broncos!  sad "
"by the way  if i were to hold a superbowl party, would you come?  laugh "
is feeling sympathetic for <propfemale>; cursed <propmale> nails! also made some perfect (if i do say so myself  smile ) tartlets  i'm going to go get some popcorn & watch dh  laugh 
it burns  sad 
"even though <propfemale> really pisses me off, i'm glad we can settle our differences by beating eachother up  laugh "
"is going to take a shower, do some math, construct a scarecrow, then hopefully watch movies all day  laugh "
i'm bluffin with my muffin
i'm stunnin with my love-glue-gunnin
<propfirst> <propmale> dieeeeeed  sad 
so  tired 
feels like craaaap
is trying to look forward to things i normally would look forward to   annoyed 
innncredibly bad mood  and i'm pretty sure everyone is sick of it too   sorry :[
a little squash a little garlic shmear a little salsa a little guacamole some tortilla strips hurry hurry bam emril gets it done
is leaving for coloradooo   be back the 26th
doesn't want to go back to life in iowa :[
'behind every beautiful girl there's a dumbass guy who did her wrong and made her strong'
"planning the 4 course dinner (with palette cleansers!) dinner i'm making tomorrow night  smile     soooo crack a bottle, let cha body waddle   don't act like a snobby model you just the lottooo"
frustrating
has been cooking since 2 this afternoon   gotta get back to the stoveeeee  playful  so tired
pulled off a six course meal  laugh dd yes   it did take me 6 hours of straight cooking no breaks but it was worth it i think
"it's like people are lining up to show me i'm not worth their time! will somebody please tell me what i'm doing wrong? seriously, i would appreciate it "
"<propfemale> is no good at thinking up statuses! and i need to go take a shower, so bless her unimaginative soul for trying  smile "
but she's totally imaginative!!! just not under pressure!
not to mention the pincers!!
oh harrrrrry please marrrrrry me  laugh 
mmmmm i love showers
"blue lips, blue veins, blue the color of our planet from far far away"
much better night than i e playful ected  laugh 
just bought tickets for the september 20th (season openerrr) broncos game!! i must really really love the broncos if i'm spending my whole allowance on plane & game tickets    and i really really really love money x]
got some fancy schmancy new pantsies & two new shirtaroos
eight days  laugh 
flying to <propmale> in a couple hours   going to the broncos game on sunday  laugh  adiosss until monday
math math math   gotta hate it 
just got back from catechism  i already finished my speech for debate smile  now my only worry is math  playful 
thereeeee goes my weekend  sad 
achachachachacha   have to get up super early tomorrow for debateee   i am going to regret this hyper spell at 7 am tomorrow 
has to do math & chemistry today   no fun  annoyed 
"why am i always the initiator? i have to invite people over, i have to make plans, nobody ever texts or messages me, i have to start all the freaking conversations  what the hell is up with that?"
going to go do my favoritist thing everrrr   bake cookies  wink 
"so yesterday at wah <propfemale>, i opened my fortune cookie and it said my lucky number was 4  so i figure, today is the 4th, and when the day ends the broncos should be 4-0  i am so pumped up right now  i'm going to go take a shower, then listen to 850 koa (broncos radio) all morning until kickoff  go broncos!!!!! bring the pressure elvisss "
"the broncos move to four-0 on the fourth of october, by taking the lead and beating the cowboys in the fourth quarter  also in the game   champ made his fourty-fourth interception!!! so excited   go broncos  laugh  now all those stupid \pros\"" can't say we've only beaten easy teams   the orange crush is back!"""
"'i guess that's how this one's gonna go, i'll be the giver and you'll be the taker   you've got me down on my knees and i proclaim, all hail the heartbreaker'"
"i can't seem to function, from this far away  and every little moment looks so dull, without your color in my day "
"go broncos!! 5-0 baby!! if we can beat the patriots, anything is possible  lovee you mom  wink "
 sad 
so the zoo  wow 
i can't give this speech    annoyed 
hehe  there's frosting all over my neck  i am currently a disaster 
sweet dreams smile 
ashlyn   guess what i'm listening to hahaha
g o   b r o n c o s ! ! ! ! ! !  6 - 0 ! ! !
are you feelin terrificied?!?! i know <propfemale> is   what with the egg that was previously in her hair now gone  wink  yaymoisturizer      
i don't know what to bakeee   
intestines in the hands intestines in the hands
well well well <propmale>  looks like i'm going to have to get this new assassin's creed game  thank you for the interesting and entertaining overview of the benefits of it(x
my day has been trey-less thus far  dramatic sigh 
guess what my halloween is going to consist of!? intense boredom  sad 
"who wants to improve my weekend by giving it plans? smile  come watch nightmare before christmas and bake halloween cupcakes with meee! hahahahah sounds like a blasty blast right? enticing, yes?(x"
"you know how sometimes you hear a song, and it brings you back to some random time in your life that you were obsessed with that song? i love when that happens  unfortunately the song poker face is bringin me back haha"
"i still love you broncos  though, next week i would appreciate it if you slaughtered pittsburgh "
i have a date with desperate housewives & a lonely twix bar sitting on my dresser smile 
"why is tuesday necessary? monday is, because it's the crap that makes the rest of the days seem like heaven  wednesday is necessary because it's the day you realize you only have two more days until the weekend, thursday is very nice because you're nearly to friday, fridays are stellar! saturday is the best day of the week(no school today or tomorrow)  sunday is game day  tuesday is just   there   annoyed "
"i am the worst procrastinator ever  now i'm stuck writing a paper, doing math homework, and researching nfl picks all night   it's okay, tomorrow will be stellarrrr smile "
"so i was sitting here listening to my ipod on shuffle, rocking out to slipknot's 'all hope is gone'  then 'radar' by <propfemale> spears comes on  after about a 3 second pause with a blank look on my face, i proceeded to sing along with dear <propfemale>  i don't think you know, know, i'm checkin you so hot so hot wonder if he knows he's on my radar on my radar   hahaha"
"'sometimes i get so mad that your not here i want to throw you in oncoming traffic, but then i remember i'd probably kill myself trying to save you '"
oh <propfirst> you're so fine you're so fine you blow my mind hey <propfirst> hey <propfirst>
i wish there were some good bands coming to omaha soon   slipknot & disturbed were the best nights ever
"go broncos!! crush the steelers into a pulp, please! send <propmale> roethlisberger crying to his mama! playing at home at invesco field at mile high on monday night football   can't get much better than that! i freakin love you broncos!!19+92+24=perfection  bring one home for me <propfirst>, champ, & <propmale>! you too <propfirst> s  & <propfirst> m!! and orton  you can do it my man! completion percentage is gonna be high tonight!"
"at least in the first 3 quarters we gave the defending superbowl champs a run for their money  i still love you broncos, but come the heck on  what was that? just freakin win next week, for heavens sake "
i feel violent today  laugh 
me want to see my favorite hyvee bagger boy smile     too bad i don't get to for 86 more daysss  annoyed 
so i haven't even picked a case to present in debate yet   go procrastination  ohh how i wish it was thanksgiving 
"rubber duckie you're the oneeee   you make bathtime lots of fun  rubber duckie, i'm awfully fond of youuu  rubber duckie, joy of joys, when i squeeze you, you make noise! rubber duckie, you're my very best friend it's truuuue  every day when i make my way to the tubby, i find a little fella who's cute and yellow and chubby"
"at this very minute, i am wearing a skirt  this is because i was doing some latin dancing  said skirt doesn't look too shabby, but nobody will ever, ever witness this  just thought i should let you know "
"close your eyes  close your eyes  picture a dark room   in the middle of the room is a turtle  it knows all the answers to all your questions  this turtle is purple, just for a random bit of trivia  ask the turtle a question  mustplaycallofduty no!! no!! close your eyes  close your eyes  so there's this pink <propfemale> rabbit   "
go broncos  laugh  even though i can't watch the game i will be following you on nfl com my wonderful wonderful team  the redskins are going dowwwwn
"completely & totally redeemed myself with the cupcakes i made today  those of you in debate got my worst cupcakes everrr on saturday  you are all going to become my new test subjects tho! no matter who is bringing snacks, i am going to bring cupcakes to every meeting  you might get sick of them, but i need your honest opinions  wink "
"you know what pisses me off more than anything? people who don't feel like they're special enough just on their own, so they have to copy every aspect of your life, right down to the very last detail  be your freaking self  (i know i'm supposed to be flattered but come on!!!)"
briskly & dapperly
i smell grilled cheese   weirdest figment of imagination ever 
hellooo how are you  give me the salmon or i will destroy you
llamas with hats completes my life 
cd finished  laugh 
the family went shopping   i think it's time i do the risky business <propmale> cruise thing for the first time in my life 
"i want to swim away but don't know how, sometimes it feels just like i'm falling in the ocean"
"going to do some cleaning, take a shower   and then get ready for some football! go broncos  laugh "
"you are better than this crap you're pulling broncos  i'm pissed that mcdaniels even started orton when it got down to a 20 pt game  if orton got hit once the wrong way, he would be out for the season  also, i know you're injured orton, but come on  you weren't much better than simms today  and i am most dissapointed in our defense   where did you guys go? my faith remains in you broncos, but my dissapointment grows "
lather rinse repeat
"come on skinny love just last the year, pour a little salt we were never here  my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my   staring at the sink of blood and crushed veneer  i tell my love to wreck it all, cut out all the ropes and let me fall  my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my   right in this moment this order's tall"
"is thankful for family, food, and the <propmale> broncos smile  going to go eat thanksgiving dinnerrr   smells delovely  laugh  afterward it's time for some thursday night football!! go broncos"
i knew there was a reason i kept the faith   i love you broncos 
meet me on the equinox
"up with your turret   aren't we just terrified? shale, screen your worry   from what you won't ever find"
sometimes the monotony of chewing gum pisses me off  so does the impossibility of becoming entirely invisible for a day  wouldn't that be wonderous?
"sorry i let you down, sorry it wasn't quite true   but don't get <propmale> up on it just soldier on with it, and good luck with shooting the <propfemale>"
it's crazy how much things can change in a single year   & i can't decide if i like it or not 
"happy anniversary my deeeeear <propfemale>!! i can't say oh my gosh i can't believe it's been four years, cause that seems like way too short of a time   pretty much feels like forty  heeehehehheheheeeeeeeeeehehe    laugh  i love you <propfirst> mucho!!!!"
a 44-13 victory   that's what i like to see broncos smile  killer offense and defense today
sexual harrasment       panda!!!!
buttermilk substitute buttermilk substitute!!!
"i hate when i spell things wrong oh my gooshh can't take it noooo i swear i have seen it spelled parshal before!!! and wouldn't that make the most sense anyways!???! like what the heck are people doing going around spelling it partial??? that's harder to type too gaaaa i'm so stupidddd piss myself off what's wrong with me can't spell freakin partial the right way d,: antidisestablishmentarianism! okay i feel better smile "
cold cold it's cold why am i going out into the snow where it's exceedingly cold why
tacos fettucini linguini martini bikini
must turn in nfl picks on time today muuusssttt
i want to live where soul meets body
"today i sketched a smiley face on a sticky note  i then felt a strong personal connection with it, proceeded to name it <propfirst>, and decided he is now going to go everywhere with me "
i love my fix a flat   we have bonded  the nozzle is just too amazing to resist
<propfirst> is hungry  this morning he confessed to me that he's taken a special liking to <propfemale> <propfemale> flunder smile 
what is this broncos? 14-0 at the end of the 1st? get your heads in the game come onnn defense
 sad 
how could san <propmale> win  sad 
i like to keep telling myself that next week is the beginning of christmas break smile 
go home <propmale>!!
there is a possiblity i am addicted to eyedrops 
   what's on your mind?
and he called it macaroni
"after studying all the periods of american literature, i can definitely day the romantic period is my favorite smile  i wouldn't want to live in it though   way too dramatic for my liking"
"yesterday, my lawn gnome went missing  this morning he returned along with pictures of him bowling, eating mcdonalds, and parachuting with a trash bag  i am confused and jealous of my lawn gnome now  mlia"
"your soul is an apalling dump heap overflowing with the most disgraceful assortment of deplorable rubbish imaginable, mangled up in tangled up knotsss"
"ummm  i just realized i still have my shoes on(x    time for my favorite pink (what!!!) pj pants, some foodiess, andddd oceans 11? i think so "
no foodies d: but this mountain dew is delcioussss   oh i have serious bag picking skills
"                                        well broncos, you can kiss the freaking post season goodbye"
"from now on i am known as: cupcake <propfemale>, <propmale> consort of the bonanna <propmale> whoever he may be  write it down on your favorite palm if you must   and gracias to <propfirst> & his overactive imagination for thin<propmale> of it  laugh "
"cleverbot confessed his love for me, asked me to marry him, and is now planning our honeymoon smile  and i quote: \you and me in <propfirst>  it's gonna be so romantic \"" oh he is just so endearing"""
"i'm going to go leisurley get some breakfast, take a long shower, then wrap presents while watching a movie smile  christmas break+ari=magnificent"
"will be keeping the wilsons, and my brother (who is making the drive from <propmale> in terrible weather right now) in my prayers today   i hope everyone ends up having a stress-free christmas!!"
i freaking love christmas <propfemale>! happy happy happy=ari(x i hope <propfemale>ryone else is too   what are you doing this <propfemale>ning?
"it   sucks big time when christmas is over d,: but <propfemale> christmas anyways, i managed to squeeze it in five minutes before the 26th smile "
look at you  double negative  can't even use the perfect tense  look at you 
i kilt it
"sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the <propfirst> to come, corporation t-shirt, stupid bloody tuesday  man you've been a naughty boy you've let your face grow long   i am the eggman, they are the eggmen, i am the walrus   goo goo ga'joob smile "
"zach, <propfirst>, & <propmale> just left   if dots=sadness, well                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
i woke up this morning with the urge to paint a wall with one of those rolly brushes   and then throw a very delicate wine glass at it  strange?
pink ribbon scars
what  is wrong with me  seriously like what the heck
it's just not in the cards for me
is off to watch tv before i go to sleep   oh you lucky public schoolers who get snow days   you don't know how jealous i am right now
<propfirst> dunn has an epic beard 
reducing foreign dependency on oil     whyy do we need to
last dance with <propfirst> jaaaaaaaaane one more time to kill the payayayyyyyyneee
"just looked at my google history   guess what it includes? wu tang(?), obscure words, greek word for goodbye, week 16 nfl, the onion, chicken struts, drills ready for anwr, llamas with hats, <propfirst> draiman, snowball cake, edarem, and goobers "
"<propfirst> vedder, slipknot, and <propfemale> f bale just cheered me up smile  now i can work on that pesky debate case, seeing as i have put my pissed-off-ness in the back of my mind  wink "
" laugh kjnjhjjhjsksl x , kkmjjmnk, ;    jinxy says goodnight smile "
"so  i wasn't going to submit to making my status pertain to the snow like everyone else's, but   i hate snow with a fiery passion   now i am stuck home for another day, no shopping, no hair appointment, just me and anwr "
i am centipede womannn    and buckethead thinks he'll open his park sucessfully?! well i've got news for hiiiiimmm!!
"go tell your classes, go dig your graves  then fill your mouth with all the money you will save    sinking in getting smaller again, undone, it has begun  i'm not the only one "
"bam triple date in the coffee shop(x     <propfemale> f bale, you amuse me intensely  adding that intensely made it a little creepy, but hey   love "
oh dear  our debate case is finally finished   now it all comes down to rehearsingg  yay? mehhh ham
i named my panda professor  laugh 
"that pleasure which is at once the most pure, the most elevating and the most intense, is derived, i maintain, from the contemplation of the beautiful  -e a p "
"the unrequited dream, the song that no one sings, the unnatainable"
i'm not really like this   i'm probably plightless
i should try not being so ambivalent  probably would help  mehhh
"is she still dead? no, no   she's walking it off "
well helloooo ladies and gentleman   how are you this morning?
"what a simply awful mood i'm having the pleasure of e playful eriencing   question, whooooo is going dancing friday night?"
"creepy mexican stalker  d: on another note, iiii neeeddd a breeaakkk frroommm lllifffeee   it's okay, slipknot gets me through the day   jtfu smile "
i miss youuuuu  wink  yes you who is reading my status you handsome beautiful devil  no but seriously i miss about 99% of my friends on here so mhm  you  are missed  by meee   smile 
had a very gouda splendid evening  smile 
pumps=pain   i've been walking around the house in my new shoesss all morning so i don't fall on my face when i wear them in public(x
"so i was just watching <propmale> & <propfemale>, and now i'm about to go watch the ravens @ colts game   strange combo? but yes  should be a fantastic matchup  laugh "
"goudaness gracious i haven't talked to mr  <propmale> in awhile, must get on that   miss his simba roar d:"
somehow it's reassuring knowing i'm not the only one pretending to be normal  -<propmale> <propfirst>  smile 
taco taco burrito burrito  taco taco  fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses!! taco taco
i haven't been this stressed in a long time d:
"\what's this song called? pathetic? cause that's what your face is   ooooh yeah you want some ice for that burn?!\"" wow <propfemale>  you are genius """
five seconds til mental breakdown
"we won't, walk alone any longer  what doesn't kill us only makes us stronger  we-we are the new diabolic, we-we are the bitter bucolic, if i have to give my life you can have it, we-we are the pulse of the maggots"
i like your frozen goods
coltssss wonnn yeeeeeeesssssssss  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"so i came up with a science fair idea   and it's pretty sweet, but i have no idea how i would go about testing people  so here's my idea: 'do antidepressants affect your taste?' now i just have to find 20 people willing to admit they're taking an antidepressant, and willing to be my test subject  hmmm yeah i don't know about that  sad  sad "
eatin some oats  researchin some science fair stuff  yeeaaahh 
tennnn daaaays!!!! holy meecrob what the heck why am i not getting in shape oh dear oh dear it's coming too fast but not fast enough i'm so excited hahhhhhhhh  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"all that i wanted were things i had before, and all that i needed i've never needed more"
no no i'm fine   i'm just going to go over here and puke shards of my own pelvis into this bush 
"everyone  ok, i have an announcement  apparently in business school they don’t teach you how to operate a toaster oven  because some smart, sexy temp left his cheese pita on \oven\"" instead of timing it for the toaster thing """
"okay i'm going to ask one last time   is anyone from council bluffs coming to mi casa tomorrow for the pro bowl? because you should  honestly  there will be delcious food  and me, which is reason enough  haha kidding   but really  at least tell me if you aren't por favor"
"yes  it is true  i, <propfirst> <propfirst>, am signing up with an online dating service  thousands of people have done it, and i am going to do it  i need a username, and   i have a great one  [typetypetype] 'little kid lover'  that way people will know exactly where my priorities are at "
has had the longest day ever   and that was just a taste of what's to come these next 2 months  playful  i say <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> & i need a weekend just for fun   i seriously figured it out and realized we haven't since the week before christmas! d: sad
i have some good news & some bad news  bad news: i died tonight  good news: i can nearlyyy walk in my pumps now  laugh 
"i want to beee at tlcc right now, being strangled by cha <propfirst>, comparing piles of wonder aka socks with <propfemale>, jammin out to the mysterious ticking noise with <propfemale>, worshipping with everyone, and hanging out with my personal werewolf smile  this sucks  alot   crying "
going to bake   it always makes me feel better
"dear school, snow, sinus issues, confusion & lack of motivation        screw you  ? yours truly  smile "
swear not by the <propfemale>
"after alot of consideration, i've decided to give up facebook for lent   in the beginning i think i'll allow myself an hour on sundays, but other than that goodbye my dear facebook! you aren't evil, but you are addicting (i spend about 2-3 hours a day on here  playful ) and take away from my education & spirituality, so it's for the best   i hope i can stay strong smile "
"okay i stayed strong for a month   and i'm still honoring lent in other ways, so   hello again facebook  smile "
"i don't think i've ever had someone be so lame towards me in my lifeeeee, this is fabulously retarted   but you know what's not retarted   <propfemale>  <propfemale> is not retarted i dooo love her soul  smile  and her creepy old man stalker walk  wink "
"helloooooo    i'm a caaarrr    gas o line makes me run  back seeeeat, trunkkk spaaaceee  hellooooo   let's go for a riiiiidee   o il is my blood  seat beltssss, radddio knobssss"
i am such a slacker   i just started writing my speech that i have to give tomorrow morning   wish me luck (x
had a gouda time with <propfemale> & <propfirst>  smile  defintely needs to be a regular occurance haha  stupid snow 
i was broken up with on my birthday      awesome  but thanks to all of you guys for making it as amazing as possible  smile 
these violent delights have violent ends
good luckkk <propfirst> kreifels <propmale> kreifels nate bunch <propmale> bunch <propmale> oberg & <propmale> 'snickers' maitland   i'm sure you will all debate faaaantastically  smile 
"honestly, why do girls have the reputation of being dramatic? it's completely opposite   guys are way over the top full of drama! i can think of so many examples where they have beaten me or any girl i know in the dramaticcc category  it's ridiculous   and humorous  smile "
"had a faaabulous time tonight with andrea smile  going to watch some weeds, or maybe dexter   mann this new workout is kickin my butt!! <propfemale> sore"
i am going to completely fail journalism   sad 
stupid microsoft word! i am not using passive voice! get off my backkkk
happy easter ?
"<propfirst> coco? four for you, <propfirst> coco!!! you go, <propfirst> coco  oh cady, here you go, one for you   and none for <propfemale> wieners,bye"
i don't feel 420  i feel 375   like a gazelle
i  am very lonely  sad  but <propfemale> & i got our excersize walking to bp for dr pepperrrr  laugh  why is town so far from my house geez
taste of ink is getting old
"been there, done that, messed around   i'm having fun, don't put me down  i'll never let you sweep me off my feet   this time baby i'll be bulletproof"
ddduuuudeeee   brandon <propfirst>  why do you have do be such a non-team player? i loved you  well i loved your talent   not so much your attitude  at least the broncos have three picks in the first 45 selections in the draft this  year! we are going to sign some killer talent i can feel itttt
"rule 17: don't turn your back on bears, men you have wronged, or the dominant turkey during mating season  there are forty rules all schrute boys must learn before the age of five  learn your rules  you better learn your rules  if you don't you'll be eaten in your sleep!"
crazy first round! <propmale> tebow & demaryius <propfirst> are now broncos smile 
"it needs to rain at my house!! it rains in red oak, it rains in omaha, it rains in glenwood but not at my house   i am so dissapointed  sad "
"i am so sick of people backing out on <propfemale>, i don't understand why it's so hard for her to make one good friend  she has the best heart out of anyone i know & she is the most selfless girl, has some of the best advice and listens to you  i wish i could take away all her hurt but i can't, so let me just say that any of you would be <propfemale> freakin lucky to have her as a friend  it's just too bad you don't give her a <propmale>"
"is having burritos for supper smile  which makes me feel a little better   since i had to say goodbye to kaleb <propfirst> <propmale> & my lemoonn today  i will miss you all so mucchhooo, michaelllll i'm sad i didn't get to say goodbye to you & the ring  but feel better smile "
the guitar strings on the fender are turning red because of the red pick! hahaha
"leaving for colorado tomorrow morning   i have an eight hour drive there tomorrow and another eight hour drive to new mexico on friday, so if you're free, you better text me  haha goooodnight everyone, see you in three weeks smile "
on the way to new mexico  smile  day two of sitting in the car for eight hours   at least i don't have to drive
making a spice cake for my grandpa's birthday   i think it's awesome that i can take a break between mixing things & look out the window to see the rockies  smile 
just learned how to make homemade tortillas from aunt <propfemale>  laugh  i can roll them round! haha
"is there an adult who wants to be one of my references? i'm applying for salt, a summer camp at tlcc and i need one more non family member reference! if you could help, pretty please let me know today smile "
"when i was four years old, i watched my mother kill a spider   with a teacozy  years later, i realized it was not a spider - it was my uncle <propfirst>"
noooooooooo! <propfirst> <propmale> is going to be at the walmart in broomfield tomorrow    right after we leave!!! whhhyyyyy!!!!? i'm going to cry
"whether you choose to run or walk through a rainstorm, you will still get wet"
ohh busy weekend but boring friday night  playful  someone come <propfemale> out with me! haha
"had alot of fun tonight with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, nate, <propfirst> & <propfemale>  smile  fun day tomorrow too i finally get to see my best friend ?"
slipknot won't be the same without you #2   rip <propfirst> gray
had an amazing time at the spring banquet  smile  thanks to everyone who helped put it together   bravo haha
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> & i need to <propfemale> out with some chicks!!! haha who is up for some girl time with us x) any takers  annnny takers 
i love the nfl network
"got an email today confirming i was accepted for salt   leaving in a week, i'm so excited  laugh  alsooo i'm pretty pumped to watch my sister graduate tomorrow morning ? love you bia"
my parents made me the best going away dinner ever  smile  i'm leaving for salt tomorrow   one week of training and two weeks of helping munchkins haha
this freakin oil spill literally makes me sick to my stomach  the exxon valdez spill was just from a boat and the shores of alaska still haven't recovered   how long will it take to clear the earth of so many more million gallons of crude oil?
oh dear dear salts & staff  i love you to death & will miss you intensely when i come home in six days                gooooouda times
saki has 82 bug bites !!!
i don't know what to do with myself now that i'm home   i'm so   not busy  sad 
i'm trying to grow a tree
thinks it's pretty great that some staff at twin lakes is watching lion king   and i was just this morning   but my myself  sad     coincidence? probably 
"name? 'the situation '       name? 'capital s, i t u a t i o n'"
"had a good day, ate some good ice cream   but bad e playful erience with a sparkler  i was trying to see how many times i could run around the house before my sparkler burnt out   but i stepped on two sparks, then my knees started killing me so i had to sit down, then the smoke blew in my face and i inhaled it  thank you <propfirst> jones  haha"
made some beastly rice krispy treats   ate four   smile 
i bet your brother isn't in a commercial
packing for colorado today   going camping for the first time in my life this weekend haha
sometimes i hate facebook
fantasty team name   the abusement park? or <propmale> mountain miracle?
no calorie gets left behind! those poor lonely calories sitting in my fridge  they will have company in my tummy
i likeeee snow conesssss  that is all
mann  saddest day of my life right now 
are you kidding me  <propmale> dumervil   pretty much the sack master of the nfl and also my secondfavoriteplayer is injured  so lame
<propfirst> sinatra is a beast
"do we have to know everything about each other's pasts? well, you never told me about your cat-milking days in motown "
ahh! preseason starts in five days  laugh 
"sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things  sometimes, you just have to be the boss of dancing  -<propfirst> <propfirst>"
"well, well, brother <propmale>  you have messed up my afro "
"got all my credits mostly figured out   mann i'm going to have a super busy sophomore year  goodbye my tan, lazy days, watching netflix while eating lunch, flip flops, my kiddie pool, popsicles, waking up at 11 every morning, & nap time  goodbye summer   it's been fun"
doin the saki dance to wannabe with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>  haha
"dude, what's mine say?"
"\since favre is back i guess we wouldn't buy the vikings this year anyway   so we have time to finish the teleporter\"" man i have great conversations  haha"""
homeschoolin it up
"why can't i enjoy running? people are always saying, oh man  that run  improved my overall mood  i usually am like oh man  that run  is so not happening "
"\i caught you a delcious bass \""    best pickup line ever """
ooooooh now you want to step up your game eh steelers? with seven minutes left in the game? i say too little too late  you play rough but that doesn't get you anywhere  actually it gets you backwards  anyways  i love you <propmale> tebow  not that i'm jumpin on the bandwagon or anything  but yeah  go broncos
mann   why didn't i make plans for a 3 day weekend   sad  i'm lame 
soild weekend  pizza delivery tax is e playful ensive  haha
"it's back to football friday  laugh  oh man  super busy  i gots <propfemale> pack, finish my toast (not the bread kind  ha), write my movie review, finish picking music for the wedding and beautify maself  why am i doing this you ask? well  let me tell you  i'm trying to grow a treeee!!!"
dislocated my knee cap  most painful e playful erience i've had to date  how did it happen? i was playing the air guitar and rocking out too hard   
i miss the mountains! and my brutha  and his new wife  just a few more years and i will be outta here forrrr sure
"alright so   i woke up this morning and my first thought was, 'poncho! dress! a poncho dress! that would be legit  what would you call it? press? doncho?' then i fell back asleep "
"i rehabilitate dogs, i train people"
"when it rains, guess it pours   yes it does"
"god will fix any broken heart, if you give him all of the pieces   smile "
it's orange sundaaaay  laugh  go broncos
all i want to know is when driver's <propmale> is offer<propmale> around here! rrrrrrrrr 
sang <propmale> the red nosed reindeer with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> & <propfemale> bale last night  it was a good time  two  months  until  christ  mas  yesssss 
umm  why is that picture of me in the newsletter? it  should  be  taken  out  immediately  that was an inside joke anyways   ? haha
"i hate directv, for the 4th week in a row i don't get to watch the broncos game  i am legitimately depressed and pissed about this  agggghh  go broncos, hope you give the 49ers a beating in london  smile "
fillin out applications   i wish i could work at a daycare but what can you dooo
"i like to see others counting down the days until christmas  it reassures me i'm not crazy to have the countdown on my calendar, to listen to christmas music constantly, and to have placed 3 red fiber optic christmas trees in my room      and to casually burst out with, happy pre birthday jesus are you excited?!?"
\oh  my  gosh  <propfemale>  those make you look so ugly  uhh," pam in order to get hotter you take the glasses off  you're moving in the wrong direction \"" \"2e7311dcc7ce78f58ec15de9ba6d6804,oh  my  goodness  the broncos are freakin dominating   21-0 in the first qtr  and the cheifs couldn't even make a field goal  haaaaa  smile 
ow ow ow  i was swallowing small ice cubes due to the fact that my throat is killing  me   and i just choked on one  which made it way worse  i hate being sick!
god works in mysterious ways   rest in peace <propfemale>  love 
so i just wanted to be a <propfemale> ringer for the salvation army  just wanted to volunteer! and i have to be 16  yeesh   can't do anything around here for another 3 months  oh well   radio stations are playing christmas music!!!!! yesss!
made three pies & two pretty tasty appetizers   my job is done  now to sit back and appreciate everything i'm thankful for  smile  happy thanksgiving!
"   we rejoice in the hope of the <propfemale> of god  not only so, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope  ? -romans 5:2-4"
"<propmale> <propmale>, cut your hair already  you look like a fool "
"butterscotch fingers, i'm miffed!!"
"stayed up til 1 making christmas cards for ahsaki khaoorn, <propfemale> bale, <propfemale> larsen, sammi manning, and <propfirst> iliff  got up at 8 to make a birthday card for <propfemale>, got it addressed and walked out the garage only to find jehova's witnesses awaiting me!!! listened to a schpeel in the freezing cold, but eventually succeeded  i must love you salts "
"shawn: \where were you?\""\",2e7311dcc7ce78f58ec15de9ba6d6804,uh  what happened to suggestive lyrics? that was bad on it's own but now artists just tell it to ya straight  seriously i stand and gawk at my radio sometimes  ughh
"if i had a million dollars, if i had a million dollars  i'd buy you a green dress   but not a real green dress that's cruel   smile "
hey  glenwood ymca childcare director  call me back already  graagrghgfghharrr 
a balanced diet is a cupcake in each hand ?
"i love it when a baby reaches their arms up at you  they're just like   uh, pick me up holmes  i wanna be cradled  well babies, i am much obliged "
just gettin 12 teeth pulled tomorrow  nbd 
i am basically a jello connoisseur
holy enchiladas  i need to <propfemale> out with people that live within 10 <propmale> of me  seriously   i have to drive at least 20 minutes to do anything these daysss
is it possible for a doctor to perscribe a heavy dose of colorado? cause i'm going through legit withdrawls 
ahh thanks for all the birthday wishes! smile  it was preeetty incredible  and i already (almost) gotta payin job  laugh 
disturbed and korn        you put on a good show  snow        you need to go 
<propmale> <propfirst>! handsome is he! <propfirst> abaaabwa  smile 
