fe4b2d09268ed57175f7ec66b704e04c
the scene aesthetic  love  come what may
woo! i just managed to get my new webcam working  laugh dd i'm sooo happy now
is not excited for school tomorrow  annoyed  ehh 
i'm on my way to minneapolis!!
excited for alaska!
i am so excited for fourth of july because i am driving my go-kart in the parade and rio is riding with me!  smile   love  rio!!
gonna go to bed cause i got summer school tomorrow   
"that made me think of my favorite band, 3 doors down! i can't pick a favorite song "
im listening to 3 doors down    bored    and cleaning the entire house because everyone left and i got stuck at home     annoyed 
im makin mac'n'cheese
"right after i go to alaska, im determined to get my belly button pierced    if it weren't for metal detectors i'd do it now!  annoyed "
listening to careless whisper by seether    bored   
thinks that sometimes she is a facebook addict and therefore is going to eat some tacos
whoa i had too much sugar tonight!!!!! thanks <propfemale>!!!!! whoooo i feel like i could be up for hours and hours!!!!!!!!! ahhh!!!!!! just wait till i crash  smile   smile 
im so overtired its funny  smile 
my brother is going to get married!
so excited for alaska! im gonna have so many pictures! i hope    lol
i'm leaving to go get my hair cut in a half an hour! i'm not sure if i want it cut but its getting chopped off either way now  smile 
im working tonight at 5 surprise 0 until late lol im gonna have tons of fun! (not)
"ugh so bored    i think i might go to bed now considering i have to get up tomorrow morning, early and play some tennis "
listening to owl city  laugh 
"i've been looking in the mirror for so long, that i've come to believe my soul's on the other side  all the little pieces falling, shatter  shards of me too sharp to put back together, to small to matter, but big enough to cut me into so many little pieces  if i try and touch her i bleed, i bleed, and i breathe, i breathe no more "
i officially feel like a jerk    ugh  im going to try and get some sleep 
"how can i pretend that i don't see, what you hide so carelessly? i saw her bleed, you heard me breathe and i froze inside myself, and turned away    i must be dreaming  we all live, we all die, that does not begin to justify you  it's not what it seems, not what you think, no i must be dreaming  it's only in my mind, not real life, no i must be dreaming "
"sparkling grey, they're my own veins  any more than a whisper, any sudden movement of my heart, and i know, i know i'll have to watch them pass away  just get through this day, give up your way, you could be anything, give up my way, and lose myself, not today  that's too much guilt to pay  sickened in the sun, you dare tell me you love me, but you held me down and screamed you wanted me to die "
"once more i'll say goodbye to you, things happen but we don't really know why  if it's supposed to be like this, why do most of us ignore the <propmale> to miss  torn apart at the seams of my dreams turn to tears i'm not feeling the situation  run away try to find that safe place you can hide it's the best place to be when you're feeling like, me! all these things i hate revolve around me  just back off before i snap "
tired from tennis    ugh    i think im going to go to bed real soon 
"evanescence-lose control you don't remember my name  i don't really care  can we play the game your way? can i really lose control? just once in my life, i think it'd be nice, just to lose control, just once, with all the pretty flowers in the dust  just once in my life, i think it'd be nice, just to lose control, just once  if i cut you down to a thing i can use, i fear there will be nothing good left of you "
"the first time i wont regret one look into your eyes and i'll never forget  but you're not about to jump right into this tonight  wondering just what to do, every single second in the room with you  i can't talk this over, to win you over, here tonight  so open your eyes, don't say goodnight, wondering why, alone tonight  i'll just let it go for you  i'm letting you down, you're just hiding it so well "
"what did the egg say to the boiling water? it'll be a minute before i get hard, i just got laid by a chick   "
i didn't even remember that school was tomorrow! thanks a lot for all those who had to announce that on here! lol
school kinda sucked    its all because i have chem   
gonna go to bed but not looking forward to chem    all the rest of my classes are pretty fun!
still awake working on understanding the first <propfemale> of 20 that we have to read for poly sci   
"stay low  soft, dark, and dreamless, far beneath my nightmares and loneliness  i hate me, for breathing without you  i don't want to feel anymore for you  grieving for you, i'm not grieving for you  nothing real love can't undo, and though i may have lost my way, all paths lead straight to you  i long to be like you, lie cold in the ground like you  halo, blinding wall between us  melt away and leave us alone again "
downloading a crap-load of evanescence songs
*sigh* i don't feel like doing anything today    and definately not looking forward to school tomorrow   annoyed 
wake up on your own  and look around you cuz you're not alone  release your high hopes and they'll survive  cuz this is the future and you are alive  dive in and swim away  from your loneliness and miserable days  and when you wake up on your own  look around you cuz you're not alone  let your hopes go and they'll survive  cuz this is the future and you are alive  you're headed home  you're headed home
bored out of my mind and don't wanna go to sleep
i'm going to the kalahari for this weekend!!  laugh ddd it's actually a business thing 
"you can’t break me down, i’ve become stronger, and i’ve come to believe in myself  but what if i wanted to break, laugh it all off in your face? what would you do? what if i fell to the floor? couldn’t take this anymore? what if i wanted to fight? for the rest of my life  what would you do? you say you want me, but what are you waiting for? i’m not running from you  nothing seems to change and nothing seems to fit "
just got back from the kalahari!  laugh 
tired of all the people freaking out about kanye west taking away <propfirst> swift's 'moment' thing    just let it go already!!
lalala
plastic green <propfemale> necklace ftw
listening to owl cityyyy  laugh dddd
can't figure out that accounting question    i will figure it out tomorrow hopefully  laugh 
tirrrrreeeeeedddddd   
feeling like a certain someone turned their back on a promise    so i can't sleep 
"come, break me down bury me, bury me i am finished with you look in my eyes you're killing me, killing me all i wanted was you i tried to be someone else but nothing seemed to change i know now: this is who i really am inside i finally found myself fighting for a <propmale> i know now, this is who i really am"
"he's a stranger to some and a vision to none he can never get enough, get enough of the one for a fortune he'd quit but it's hard to admit how it ends and begins on his face is a map of the world from yesterday, it's coming! from yesterday, the fear! from yesterday, it calls him but he doesn't want to read the message here"
"i think i've become a facebook addict    thanks <propfemale> schoeneck , and kricket koehn , lol you guys are the ones who got me started  laugh ddd ^-------------------------^-------i tagged you guys!  laugh "
"<propfirst> williams-bodies god gave me the sunshine, then showed me my lifeline i was told it was all mine, then i got laid on a ley line what a day, what a day, and your jesus really died for me then jesus really tried for me uk and entropy, i feel like its ****in’ me wanna feed off the energy, love living like a deity what a day, one day, and your jesus really died for me i guess jesus really tried for me"
question for ppl in chem: what size were those notecards he handed out  i lost mine lol and i have some notecards but i don't know if they are the right size??
the enemy arrives escape into the night everybody run now break into another time this enemy of mine divinity defines everybody run now everybody run under the burning sun i take a look around imagine if this all came down i'm waiting for the day to come come with us to the right join in the fight everybody run now break into another time unity divides division will unite everybody run now everybody run
slinky!!!! (wow that was random)  laugh dddddd
 love   love   love  evanescence  love   love   love 
it's freezinggggg!!!
jib jab is amazing  laugh dd
some people are like slinkies    they're really good for nothing    but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down a flight of stairs
doing homework   
"i'm not crazy, my reality is just different than yours  laugh "
"i'm so cool, ice cubes are jealous"
im going to go see a movie tonight
"if anyone wants to go to a movie, lemme know    im so bored"
"skillet-monster the secret side of me, i never let you see i keep it caged but i can't control it so stay away from me, the beast is ugly i feel the rage and i just can't hold it it's scratching on the walls, in the closet, in the halls it comes awake and i can't control it hiding under the bed, in my body, in my head why won't somebody come and save me from this, make it end?"
i'm just a step away i'm just a breath away losing my faith today falling off the edge today i am just a man not superhuman i'm not superhuman someone save me from the hate it's just another war just another family torn falling from my faith today just a step from the edge just another day in the world we live i need a hero to save me now i need a hero to save my life a hero will save me just in time
been listening to skillet
"i'm in miami biatch!!  laugh  drink all day, play all night, let's get it poppin' im in miami biatch; everybody on smash, hands in the air o 0"
"the walls are moving closer now  can you feel it, can you feel it?  you are not saved until you see the <propfemale>  set my <propfemale> on fire now  you did it, you did it  smoked out my soul once and for all  i'm coming home tonight  can we make it right?  or twist the dagger in my back  you lit the fires in me that i never thought i had  now it's nothing but a memory   "
frogger  laugh   love 
omg there is snow on the ground at my house!
 love  snes ffiii  love 
"in the dark with the music on wishing i was somewhere else taking all ur anger out on me, somebody help i would rather rot alone then spend a minute with u i'm gone, i'm gone and u can't stop me from falling apart 'cause my self-destruction is all ur fault how cud u, how cud u, how cud u hate me? <propfemale> all i ever wanted 2 be was u? how cud u, how cud u, how cud u luv me? <propfemale> all u ever gave me were open wounds?"
incubus-digwe all have a weakness but some of ours r easy to identify look me in the eye and ask for forgiveness we'll make a pact to never speak that word again yes u r my friend we all have something that digs at us at least we dig eachother so when weakness turns my ego up i know you'll count on the me from yesterday if i turn into another dig me up from under what is covering the better part of me sing this song
can't wait to be able to go skating every day at the ice arena!  laugh dd
"wants the snow to come    snowmobiling, and possibly snowboarding, is just around the corner! hopefully "
"hadouken!-m a d  ever heard of it? i haven't, till now "
"\are you sniffin' glue? or what?\"""""
looking forward to the weekend
"~[{unwritten law}]~ i'm seeing red, don't think you'll have to see my face again  don't have much time for sympathy cause it never happened to me  your feeling blue now, i think you bit off more than you could chew, and now it's time to make a choice, and all i wanna hear is your voice  so follow the leader down and swallow your pride and drown, when there's no place left to go, maybe that's when you will know "
"closer 2 closure take this out of me take anything u want cause ill still breathe, ill still breathe fading thinner but still its haunting me cant find the words 2 say 2 the angels that took u from me 3 words 3 words my oxygens gone i cant sleep, i cant eat i cry out 2 god just 2 hear me its another day still the same with all my pain not yet, not yet break me from these visions not yet, not yet it's 2 soon 4 u"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uhd8wnbqqiw
big accounting test tomorrow! studying pretty hard right now 
studying accounting    if only ppl would stop calling and talking to me    ugh!
saosin-you're not alone it's just like him to wander off in the evergreen park slowly searching 4 any sign of the ones he used 2 love he says he's got nothing left 2 live 4 & this time i think u'll kno ur not alone there's more 2 this i kno u can make it out  u will live 2 tell
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vtpcml2zc3w&feature=related
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nwds1ydbyyq&feature=sub
"kinda worried about how well i will do on this accounting test cause as of now, the odds aren't looking so good "
"gotta get my senior quote and 2 pictures into panke    ahh, too much to do, i forgot about it "
"super psyched to wear a halloween costume tomorrow! i don't think hardly anyone else will tho! lol 'cept for you, teddi  laugh "
escape the fate-somethingsometimes i wonder why i'm still waiting sometimes i'm shaking that's how you make me sometimes i question why i'm still here sometimes i think i'm going crazy can you help me understand?
"listening to \escape the fate\"""""
happy halloween!!!!!!
" love boyce avenue-find me love  find me, here in your arms now i'm wondering where you've always been blindly, i came to you knowing you'd breathe new life from within"
*westchnienie* dzisiaj nie by?o dobry dzie?   
faerience  love 
so excited for no school on friday!
all time low-remembering sunday woke up from dreaming and put on his shoes starting making his way past 2 in the morning he hasn't been sober for days leaning out into the breeze remembering sunday he falls to his knees 
really dont feel like going to school tomorrow   
"bored, and have homework that needs to be done    but i'm not that bored   annoyed "
ugh    sooooo tired    i think i subconsciously pulled an all-nighter 
"homestarrunner com <---where to go when you are extremely bored out of your mind, or just for fun  "
"i am in such an amazing mood right now, its rediculous o o"
"can't sleep, and i'm super bored too "
mc  twizzy!  laugh dd
can't wait for thanksgiving! mmmmm food!  smile 
can't wait to go skating this weekend!  laugh dd so excited!
still feels pretty sick  sad 
is playing around with my new phone  laugh dd i love it  love 
skating tomorrow!  laugh  i'm excited!
"   text me tho  text me whatcha gonna wear the night before  peace! i'm out! text it! i'm out son, lata! text me whatcha gonna wear and even if your not gonna know exactly whatcha gonna wear, tell me whatcha not bc by process of elimination i'll be able to figure it out! peace, out, text meh!    ~jake and amir (gotta luv em)"
listening to three days grace  laugh 
loves three days grace  love 
"three days grace-pain pain, without love, pain, i can't get enough, pain, i like it rough cause i'd rather feel pain then nothing at all "
getting ready to go skating tonight  smile 
"perfect by nature, icons of self-indulgence, just what we all need, more lies about a world that never was & never will be  have u no shame dont u c me, u kno u got everybody fooled  look here she comes now, bow down & stare in wonder, oh how we  love  you, no flaws with no pretending  but now i kno she never was & never will b  u dont kno how u've betrayed me & somehow u've got everybody fooled "
"can u look inside & 4get, never hold ur breath & regret, no more part of this nightmare im awake, but cant leave them behind  can u b aware & still blind, notice it all but none of ur lies, but the truth will never surrender, always right behind ur back & waiting  u wake up 2 the sound of silent screams, even tho u were asleep 4 1000 yrs, the <propfemale> of misery inside urself is, burned 2 the ground, burned 2 the ground"
"well, i don't want to see you waiting i've already gone too far away i still can't keep the day from ending no more messed up reasons for me to stay well, this is not for real, afraid to feel i just hit the floor, don't ask for more i'm wasting my time, i'm wasting my time you can't stop the feeling, there is no reason let's make the call and take it all again, woah again"
"take my hand-the perfect measure i know that song makes you think of him  and it tears me to know that you still might go back again  please hear me calling you  i want you to know that it's true, i can't live without you  so take my hand, may i have this last dance  cuz it's raining outside and we don't live forever, so take my hand  ~i  love  this song~"
did it hurt?    when you fell from heaven?
trying to get my homework done tonight so i have a free weekend  playful 
listening to brokencyde; gonna go to sleep soon  intense skating    wore me out  laugh 
 love  oreos are tasty  laugh 
is browsing amazon com for all her christmas presents that she can't get anywhere else but there it seems   annoyed  or maybe money would be easier?
bring on the snowwww!!  laugh 
i wish my homework was asexual so it would do itself  annoyed   laugh 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=_lcsz5dds7u&feature=related
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vtpcml2zc3w&feature=related
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=mny4of6g30a&nr=1&feature=fvwp
not looking too promising for that poli sci packet     annoyed  oooohhhhh well 
its midnight right now and omg i stayed up past when i was dead tired so im soooo awake right now!!!  laugh dd
"so depressing, no skating this weekend, or next weekend  annoyed "
skating at pioneer until 10 smile 0 at night was soooo fun! i totally wanna do it again sometime soon!
"is listening to 30stm and is trying to find something to do, cause sleeping isn't gonna cut it "
soooooo bored      
i hate how i go to do homework and i end up on here instead     annoyed 
"yesss! that hugs packet from accounting that i was gone for all of the problems we did in it, i finished almost the entire thing all tonight!! only 3 problems i wasn't sure how to do   laugh "
wishes christmas break was here already   
"hiya!!   @                 #---- | []___|   |   |_ *this may or may not turn out the way i want it too (it's supposed to be a person, but who knows what it will look like after i post it *"
not looking forward to cleaning all of tomorrow  sad  but christmas break is only a few days away!
fallbrooke-losin' it <---one of the funniest music videos song i've seen heard haha
why do we have to have school tomorrow?
"one more day of school and then it's christmas vacation, who's excited? i am!  laugh "
finally christmas break has started!  laugh dd
tired -_- zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"i'm so confused, i don't even know what i'm confused about   annoyed "
"since i failed to mention this earlier, happy new year everyone!  laugh "
"if you feel so empty, so used up, so let down, if u feel so angry, just get up, let's start a riot!"
white
i should be sleeping  laugh  o o 1 surprise 0 a m 
don't wanna sleep but i will regret not sleeping tomorrow morning  annoyed   
"wants to go snomobiling, and snowboarding, and tubing and all that stuffs!"
http annoyed  www youtube com user nowehdude
sub sub sub sub and watch his videossss! http annoyed  www youtube com nowehdude
i loved a smurf on your car because thats how i roll  laugh  that makes me giggle
live like we're dying
"\line it up with original flavor then scratch me back n forth nna ha  laugh  lady gaga  laugh  i almost wrote gagag lol ich not even paying attention to was im writing ice morche eina glass of tea    waaaaaat? i dont wanna ride the fat phony! hes probbably high and drunk of rainbows andleotards singleladies no i will not wear that hat sir\"" to be continued"""
tomorrow    the last day of the term! who's excited? lol p s  we got monday off and im so happy!
today may be sunday    but we get monday off too!  laugh 
"is watching \it\"" by <propfirst> <propmale> o o i never saw this movie before"""
had an amazing first day in the new term
oh noooo tomorrow is monday!  annoyed 
"i run to you, call out your name, i see you there, father away  i'm numb to you, numb and deaf and blind  you give me all but the reason why, i reach but i feel only air  try to forget you, but without you i feel nothing  don't leave me here, by myself i can't breathe  ~evanescence~"
has been in the best mood recently  playful 
"a certain someone, needs to stop working and text meeee!  joyful "
"the only way to see how high i go, is to see how far i fall  joyful "
10 <propmale> from town & i just broke down spittin out smoke on the side of the road im out here alone just tryin 2 get home to tell u i was wrong but u already kno believe me i wont stop at nothin to c u so i've started runnin all that im after is a life full of laughter as long as im laughing with u im thinkin that all that still matters is love ever after after the life weve been thru cuz i kno theres no life after u
meh          <propmale> n cheese!  smile 
meh 
theres a difference in spending time wit me n killin time while im ther  2 many ppl n 2 many things n it makes me feel like hell  theres 2 many questions n 2 many strings n they wont keep their self tied  ik y we r together n i swear rite now im right wher i belong  idk wat u need from me cuz all i kno is wat i can c 
 playful 
"wow, some people have no sense of responsibility, and can't handle themselves in a mature manner  i love dealing with these kind of people  smile "
spring break is over  annoyed  now im looking foward to summer! (and graduating)  laugh 
"tomorrow is thursday already  surprise  the week is going by fast for me, then again, we did have monday off  playful "
texting lotsa pplz  laugh 
lalalalala  love 
the future's near but never certain
pizza!  playful 
yay for being graduated early  laugh 
"i think you've just about lost, your sense of self, your foundations are crumbling down  don't be the one to say you know what's right  don't be the one to say you know my heart  don't be torn from your roots, you won't live in this pursuit  you won't survive above this ground  ~woe is me~if not for ourselves~"
"glad i didn't go to prom, i got to <propfemale> out with <propfirst>  playful  (we never get together anymore, whats up with that?)"
"is missing talking to <propmale> :,("
friday needs to hurry up  smile 
"lightning and thunder, not a good night  sad "
"what's up with me \attracting\"" all these emo guys hahahh i don't get it > >"""
needs something to do
"<propfirst> travolta and denzel washington = an entertaining movie  laugh dd ~finally got to watch \the taking of pelham 123\"""""
chicken nugget   
is entertained with playing with webcam effects and manycam
paranormal entity      o o holy balls         surprise 
i    love    snow!  surprise  this is why i live here
"spicy eyes!!\\~bolt"
"just finished watching paranormal activity, didn't really have an effect on me lol paranormal entity <--- that had an effect  surprise "
ya know    you keep sucking juuust enough to stay interesting 
omg the cup beat! i've been trying to remember it for so long n i finally figured it out again!  laugh 
i love whose line is it anyway  playful 
"you gotta get lost if you wanna be found, gotta wind up to get unwound, things only look up from down below, it only gets better after it gets worse, happy ever after needs a scary part first, you gotta fall to get back up, and i can't come home until i'm gone  "
answers only come to satisfy why 
go look at my drawings i need to know some feedback  playful 
wishes i didn't have to clean up other people's huge messes  
is in an extremely good mood but wants something to eat  playful 
thr3e  love 
"i have lost the will to change, i am not proud, cold-blooded fake, i will shut the world away  ~breaking benjamin-i will not bow"
"i won't look back to regret yesterday  we're not handed tomorrow, so i'll live for today "
"i could be mean, i could be angry, i could be just like you  i could be fake, i could be stupid, you know i could be just like you  i could be weak, i could be senseless, you're wrong if you think that i'll be just like you  ~3dg~"
wishes i could think of a cool status update  smile 
had fun going to big lake  smile ))
"alesana, anti-flag, attack attack, bring me the horizon, eyes set to kill, i see stars, mayday parade, nevershoutnever, parkway drive, set phasers to stun, spinlight city, sum 41, the all-american rejects, we the kings, you me at six   and so many more great bands, vans warped tour 2010   i wanna goooo  smile "
"for though i cannot fly, i'm not content to crawl   but you should never let the sun set on tomorrow before the sun rises today  smile "
"game, set, match ---> tennis\set, match, run ---> arson"
" surprise  \rhinelander is considering having the fireworks during the hodag birthday bash on august 21st  there will be a meeting about that on thursday \""  surprise """
"\did we just become best friends?\"" \""yup!\"" \""you wanna go do karate in the garage?\"" \""yup!\"" haha  laugh  great movie"""
"is thinking about all those people i used to know, and who they are now  smile "
"he said it was a one night stand but the alcohol didn't let her understand   he said it was a one night stand, a one night stand   so what made you think that he couldn't find the door in the morning, when he found that bed so easily in the dark~~cute is what we aim for-the fourth drink instinct  love "
broadcasting on blog  laugh  haven't been doing it for a while and talking to all my buddiesss  smile ))
"who is \thenyceguy\"" on blogtv?? o o"""
"falling asleep while broadcasting?? yepp, thats what i did all last night  laugh  some creeper was watching me the whooole time  playful "
())____crayola____))>
"there's so many awesome people out there, it just takes a lot of time and <propfemale> to find them  playful "
"(playing teddi's grand theft auto game) me: \  you're hotdog-mobile makes funny noises  \""  laugh """
"i used to know you like the back of my mind, did that part of you die?\~the summer obsession"
"if there's nothing else to live for, i have my best friends  laugh  you all know who you are, we can talk about anything and be ourselves without regretting a single moment  love  u all  laugh "
"\four letter lie\"" <--- so true """
is thinking about that one person who you can't live without but you can't stand to think about either  
<^> <-- ufo! o o
"is looking for a new phone, i'm willing to spend more if its a good phone  mainly use for texting and calling; possibly going on the internet  would like to be able to take pictures and video as well as put music on it  any and all suggestions are appreciated  "
"thank you   ! for fucking my life up   seriously, do you have nothing better to do? i have someone else and within the first few days, he's a billion times better then you ever were, or ever will be   i don't believe in <propfemale> but for your sake, i hope it hits you long and hard "
"i love immature ppl, you guys are so fun to mess with! you get irriated so easily  laugh  learn to just chill out and think of who your talking to here  i laugh at ur insults  laugh dd"
"finally i got a certain someone off my back   teddi, you should know who  he changed his myspace profile at last!! i finally got through to him, thank god! and it was bc he read that post i had specifically for him  playful "
s[he] be[lie]ve[d]
"feels the need to draw more things  laugh  not necessarily color, just draw    laugh "
"wants to go back in time to fix all my mistakes  to many friendships were broken and too many relationships became distant  but regardless, my true friends have stuck with me through it all  love "
"i hate the uncertainty in my future, and that's why i'm so unstable with my past and present "
couldn't be more happy right now  laugh 
"\i don't know what we're yelling about!!!\"""""
i  love  my sisters!
really needs to get to hot topic for sure  laugh 
"you say <propfirst> swift, i say breaking? benjamin\you say? lady gaga, i? say? evanescence\you? say miley <propmale>, i say slipknot\you say t-pain, i say three days grace\you say? eminem, i say linkin? park\you? say? <propmale> brothers, i say green day\you say flowers, i say puddle of? mudd\\(hahahah one of the best things i've seen posted in response to a video on youtube  laugh )"
"woke up in like, the best way possible this morning  playful "
is being controlled way too much  i'd move out if i had the money and i knew where to go  annoyed 
the human centipede is one sick twisted incredibly messed up movie  surprise  <--- i've been scarred for life lol
it's wayyyy to humid for what i have to do today - -
"there's someone i've been missing, i think that they could be, the better half of me  they're in the wrong place tryin' to make it right, but i'm tired of justifying  everything i can't be is everything you should be, and that's why i need you here  love  or"
wants to do something
<---gets to spend 2 days and 2 nights at the kalahari   waterparkkkkk  love 33
is having a great night *sarcasm* my dog ran away after eating a bar of poison that someone left on the floor in the garage ooo fml fml fml
is finally getting to sleep  laugh  its going to b a long night tomorrow  annoyed 
perfect world is one addicting game o§o even tho i have no idea what im doing  playful 
"yupp, watching one of my best friends getting beat with a fuzzy pink slipper by a 7 yr old is definately entertaining  laugh "
"in the middle of september we'd still play out in the rain  nothing to lose but everything to gain  reflecting now on how things could've been, it was worth it in the end  love "
"\i only trust one person on this planet   and you're talking to her\"""""
"looking back at me i see\that i never really got it right\i never stopped to think of you\i'm always wrapped up in\things i cannnot win\you are the antidote that gets me by\something strong\like a drug that gets me high\~crossfade~"
monkey piles are fun and all but there comes a point (after 2 hrs) where u don't wanna be the one on the bottom anymore  smile 
"ok, whoever is spamming my phone from a restricted number, cut the crap, seriously "
has only got one more boring day to survive through before i get to do something  laugh dd
yay for staying up all night   again!  laugh  gotta get some sleep tonight though
"sometimes, it's not where your going, it's who your with  in this moment we connected, if we fall, we fall together  get up, get up, i love the way you make it look so easy  east coast, west coast, show me what you got now, let's go let's go!  smile   smile   smile   love "
"bestest day ever? yupp, i think so!"
"cleverbot is the most amazing thing ever!! seriously though, check it out haha its a website for ppl with no life!!  laugh  \xxxrawrxxx"
wishes people could keep the promises they make
"my shooter, my shooter, my shooter, won't trip me\my tripper, my tripper, my tripper, won't hit me\my father, my father, my father, can't feel the love\my ripper, my ripper, my ripper, can't flip me\i shoulda, i shoulda, i shoulda, when you're near me\my father, my father, my father, what you so sick of?\(thank you teddi for getting me addicted  playful )"
"i lose myself in all these fights, i lose my sense of wrong and right, i cry, i cry  it's shaking from the pain that's in my head, i just wanna crawl into my bed and throw away the life i led, but i won't let it die   love  secondhand serenade  love "
its really difficult to keep your composure when everyone around you is yelling and throwing tantrums   grow up please
allergies suck  
is almost positive she's getting sick dx
last three letters~on frail wings of vanity and wax  love  alesana
have fun everyone who has to go to their first day of school tomorrow  playful 
"if i should fall, if i should pass, it's worth one last stand  love  bvb"
"nobody is perfect, and i'm the perfect example of that  laugh "
"now in addition to the chinese kung fu we've got a little mexican judo, as in 'judon't know who you messin' with, homz '"
"this world can turn me down, but i won't turn away  i won't duck and run, cuz i'm not built that way "
"the truth is, you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath, i'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt  smile "
"where i'm going and where i'll end up, is anybody's guess "
"i just can't get you off my mind, and why would i even try?"
"\i live my life a quarter mile at a time   nothing else matters  for those 10 seconds or less; im free\"""""
don't lock your keys in your car   again  playful 
"  the duck walked up to the lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand, \hey  ! got any grapes?\""    laugh """
is looking forward to tomorrow  smile 
"to find ourselves lost here within we need the reasons why, so we take this bridge with the other's that will thrive in the great divide -echelon 30stm"
"(at the kalahari waterpark)\*i go down a waterslide with uncle mike*\grandma-go down again!  \me-okay\grandma-  and bring some handsome guy down with you  laugh \uncle mike-she just did bring some handsome guy down with her    joyful "
wants tomorrow to go fast and the next day to go sloooooow  smile 
"mess with the best, die like the rest ühackers"
subway     eat fresh!
"watched \no ordinary family\"" and it seems just like a real-life version of \""the incredibles\"""""
"watched the \fred\"" movie on netflix :ñ which i have to say it was pretty entertaining"""
sleep now   work from 8 until 5  long day? i think so 
has a busy next few days
"if you could invent a new flavor of kool aid, what flavor would it be?\\kkkool aid     sad  racism isn't funny"
hopes my mom has a good couple weeks in tennessee!  laugh 
"can't wait for tomorrow, but even more so tonight and tomorrow night  smile "
"i'm pretty sure i drowned my belly tonight  playful  yes, its possible  laugh "
gotta get me some power pellets!  laugh 
"\what's the worst game you've ever played?\""\",fe4b2d09268ed57175f7ec66b704e04c,teddi raabe is just saying   she would blow a brownie  laugh 
life is change  growth is optional  choose wisely 
the passion is in the risk ^ ^
would appreciate more snow so i can do my winter activities  laugh 
"duct tape is like the force   it has a light side, a dark side, and it holds everything together!"
feelin' pretty sneaky > >
¡lindsy jacobs blows my mind!  laugh 
is excited to see how tomorrow will work out  smile 
its the season for freezin'!  laugh 
"the first step to being found, is getting lost  smile "
if perfects what your searching for then just stay the same  laugh 
"the last 4 songs i played on my laptop, all came on the radio in that same order, right after >_>"
"at times i? would want to give up, but who's gonna hear you scream? who's gonna pick you up? only you? can change your life  smile "
"\hellooooo miss lady!\"""""
"? whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there!  laugh  ?"
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas and happy new year everyone!!  laugh 
"big thank you to the steinhaus family for having everyone over! it was a lot of fun, hopefully we will all get to see you guys soon  smile "
<propfirst> steinhaus  is my favorite cousin!  laugh   love 
"never questions authority, i annoy authority   more effect, less effort  smile "
"is now more than ever, looking for a job "
_??????? ??l??? ??l?*?? ?????? ???|?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?|??? ? ?????? ??l???
remember when goodbyes only meant until tomorrow? race issues were about who ran fastest? war was only a card game? the only drug you knew of was cough medicine? the only things that hurt were skinned knees? your worst enemies were siblings? and to think we all couldnt wait to grow up 
"\muffins are just ugly cupcakes\""\",fe4b2d09268ed57175f7ec66b704e04c,has the bestest boyfriend in the whoooole world! i couldn't ask for anything more ^ ^
i passed! i passed! i passed!  laugh 
"is starting the drive to milwaukee!  laugh  p s  <propmale> if u read this, i still have ur cologne in my pocket lol"
is now in sheboygan
is quite bored   wants to talk to someone while im sitting here in this hotel  surprise 
"wow, paranormal activity 3, really? there's only so much you can do with this kind of movie  "
maggy klaver is awesomely amazing! that is all  (gotta make sure to capitalize for emphasis  laugh dd)
is now regretting coming home  annoyed 
its frusterating when people tell you to do what you love but then criticize you for doing it  annoyed 
"is hoping she can get home soon so i have time for \other activities\"" tonight ü ü"""
"gonna have a \lemon in a packet\"" with <propmale>! ü ü"""
thinks soooomeone should send me a message back c= babysitting isnt as exciting as i thought it potentially could have been 
its snowing!!  laugh 
"is most definitely not having fun  would ur parents change the locks on ur house so if u screwed up u were out? in my case, yes "
facebook is being pretty nuggety    annoyed 
"any place thats hiring, part time, full time, seasonal posistions   id like to know "
