b3320bd25c6bc8125dd87e23401a4689
"restarting this online ridiculousness, it has been some time "
cock cock cock cock cock  fat cock 
"is departing this island, back to the apartment, brooklyn awaits "
<propfirst> <propfemale> eraine home apartment brooklyn smoking blue <propfemale> mad men semi-nudity bliss bliss bliss 
"class tomorrow: dynamic metropolis, 6 east 16th street, 1106, 10am  oh em gee yes yes yes "
"has a long day ahead of him, four classes in all, back to back to back to back, thick blankets and alarms set, the tea is long gone, unconsciousness beckons "
"is attempting studiousness  alas, this damnèd internet "
"must labour away in the shop all afternoon, damned consumers "
"editing editing editing editing  perfection must happen, it will happen, it must happen "
"will be purchasing a winter coat today, and shall await the glorious glorious cold "
"today in review:  work, trees, musicians, wine, swedish fish, rooftops, ine playful licable fireworks, astroturf, oatmeal cookies, open windows, reading reading reading "
"déteste <propfemale> vent, ainsi il a fermé ses fenêtres  prenez cela, vent !"
"is multitasking at the arch studio: plotting street corners on gis, sipping cheap wine, and munching on cauliflower "
"is in his bed, ill  tea, blankets, throat drops, homework, stuffed <propfemale>  sleep beckons   "
"finds the nudists across the courtyard to be rather dull - all they seem to do is sit at their computers, perhaps chatting with other nudists about nudity "
"late nights, quiet nights, tea and midterms  i'd really like a hug or something, gimme some sugah "
"midnight's not too late to start a midterm paper, is it? frak "
"needed - red sweater vest, à la <propfirst> venture  also freckles  oh em gee oh em gee "
"has a new personal philosophy - and it consists entirely of nutella, specifically, the buying of it for me now please "
"is, post-ridiculousness, back in <propfemale>, exotic brooklyn, amongst the jews - at long last, at long last "
"sleep refuses to make an entrance - therefore, watching <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> johannsson revel in their insomnia "
"had a man remove much of the hair on his head  it's liberating, yet frightening, and i keep touching it "
"gis is so fucked, and yet strangely i still love it -- apparently, more proof of my inherent masochism "
"in summary: fur coats and fake money, gambling and gaga, whoppers and winning - actually, mostly not winning, dammit "
"sleepy, but simultaneously not  someone tell me what to do! pretty pretty please  (apart from watching she-wolf over and over and over)"
is having a lazy night in manhattan   
"soon: devendra  (!!!) also little joy, fabby fab fab (love)  currently: bang bang bang, on the wall, from dusk till <propfemale>  so, utterly, good "
"ridiculously last minute thanksgiving plans: chinatown bus home in 4 hours, feasting, then back in new york on friday, sunrise - just in time for work  also: must pack things "
"correction! i remain the north - southbound tomorrow evening  damned sold out buses, trains, aeroplanes, dirigibles "
"is on a bus, southbound, in the rain, slightly hungry "
"home alone, writing writing writing, with frequent breaks involving <propmale> <propmale> hoffman "
thinks the christmas lights make the kitchen look sex dungeon-ish maybe 
"wine, popcorn, the early 90s, <propmale> kingsley, adorableness, fire island, the end the end the end  (joy)"
presque fini  !!!
"the deluge! it begins, and it's so so pretty - snow angels on the roof tonight, this will indeed happen "
"bingeing on english period dramas set in far off country estates  so many torrid, lustful affairs "
"you fools! the image on my hand is not a phallus, it is a kangaroo "
topless arguments! infections caused by jacuzzi water!
"is watching <propfemale> and the pussycats, wishing boy girl bands still ruled the earth "
"fancy din-din on 13th in 20 minutes, jersey shore party for a spell, then off to the upper west for birfday-themed birthday debauchery  hurry, hurry  !!!"
"mmm, 2 surprise 0 class cancelled  thus! brooklyn, grilled cheese, tomato soup, cocoa - gazing at the downy whiteness through my window "
"bought tickets for fusion with <propfemale> robinson (!!!), though sunday night was sold out within 15 minutes, gah "
"the <propfemale> rule was in effect tonight, kids  post-bar, homeward bound, homework homework homework "
"post-everyone's birthday week: returning to sanity (and sobriety) now, beloved slumber! <propfirst> torres, <propfemale> mabry, <propmale> hawk, <propfemale> saunders, <propfemale> cash - cheers, cheers "
"much, much needed sanity check: comfy pillows, comfy socks, comfy foods "
"bobst-ing, tonight  oh, the horrors!"
"this evening: yaffa, happy hour wine times, <propfemale> <propmale> at long last ( ? ), the el salvadorians, peach hookah, m-1 m-1 m-1 (!!!), eraine sighting, glorious mister epstein's, volcano, bed, sleep sleep sleep - oh, and apparently <propfirst> dinklage?"
"returned home, at approximately five, to an epic mini-dp with dear <propfirst> rabeau and <propfemale> turner, which ended now, as i am now asleep - alas! the <propfemale> "
3 a m    urb toolbox project   aqua teens   ramen   sleep deprivation   dammit 
"mmm, okay so the telephone video made me rather hungry  thus, toaster waffles  !!!"
dis is nurse jamacaya from doctah kaplan's office! cool runnings man! bobsled!
"gah, my dear dear portable cellular telephone! it has vanishèd "
"sangria fun times in the park today, how fetching  also, i simply refuse to wear shorts ever, high of 71 or not - i am a trousers man, i do declare "
"is, post-haircut, itchy itchy itchy  and it's totally not my sweater, i swear "
"sleep deprivation, a lingering flu, and a full closing shift does not make for a very happy boy "
"adores rainy nights, the streets gleaming from the streetlights, almost like rivers "
"okay, so apparently there's a bat flying around my apartment? window screens are a must-have, ladies and gentlemen "
"hark! <propfirst> torres and i have decided: \entertaining\"" is my new euphemism for bedroom interactions at my apartment """
"um  in the clouds, so to speak "
"hmm  the best technical term for \handjob\"" i've yet to unearth: \""manual stimulation\"""""
     -         -  - -   - -- ---   -         -    -     - --- ---   --   - - -         -    --     --- -    - -- ---   -  -          - -  -        - - -   --   - - -          -   ---    -    - - -
"on the job, fluffing until the end of time  quilts, fluffing quilts - the knees get rather <propfirst>, i must say "
"was just at the straightest slash sweatiest frat party - is this the real <propfemale>? fascinating, fascinating "
"mmm, indeed  streaking, in the moonlight, in the sunken gardens  that happened  that confirms it! real <propfemale> it is, then "
"i just tripped on the stairs at the lab, so naturally i overcompensated by running up then really quickly, tripping at the top of them as well "
today's bit of obvs: 05 + 05 = 10  what a marvelously clever boy i be 
"facking jesus yes, i snagged an internship over the summer at the institute for urban design  ow-ow  !!!"
"5:25 to huntington, kiddie-birthday-bound, should i have brought a present? um  so "
i daresay today is pretty: roll around on the grass with me 
"<propmale> grey and <propfemale> castles, into the night  i think i'll make us an omelette "
20 + 1 = !!!
"hmm, now exactly what does one do with memorial day? grill meat? fireworks? shopping's a given, i know that "
"happy travels, darlings <propfemale> sieg and chloë <propfemale> stillwell - fear not, we'll mind the island for you  every goddamn brick and block "
"i've been living unsustainably today and i rather don't care  it's okay, my favourite colour is green - that counts, right? actually, chartreuse "
"good morning, sunshine  i'll be sleeping for hours yet "
at times i feel that i'm merely a series of non-sequiturs 
"holy fucks  my building's management just showed my apartment to this girl and i was home, semi-naked, blasting <propfirst> mellencamp "
"attempt at internet independence: enlightening, though currently a failure (obvs)  hullo, lady interweb  you've been missed "
"hmm  so, if i left a creepily pleasant voicemail on your phone this morning sometime around dawn--i apologize  profusely  but i must admit, i was in a rather excellent mood "
   and so ends the season-long fb moratorium  have i neglected your friend request? rejoice!
"so i'm rather cold at the moment, pining for my sweaters  which are in storage  in queens  grr "
"my flatmate (the israeli) absolutely loves nip tuck  a sultry, breathy \make me beautiful\"" from the theme song wakes me up every morning """
"post-saturday delirious haze, and now i believe there's a baby shower in dumbo? blessed child, i'm spent "
"a baby shower in dumbo: dj and open bar, what what what? also, a whole roasted pig--this is a filipino baby, after all "
"the charger has run away, therefore: incommunicado  chained to the interwebs, yet again "
"required: an evening's entertainment  i'm wide open  we're talking hot dogs and hallways here, kids "
isn't it rather troubling that the first fruit i've had in almost a month was in several glasses of sangria?
"is buried in readings! whilst simultaneously on grindr, commenting on captivating things in the backgrounds of guys' profile photos: \i've never been on a hot air balloon   \"""""
"three things: i swear my umbrella leaks in the rain, wet jeans are impossible to get off, and i'm by myself in the apartment, realizing i'm outnumbered by cats "
"southbound today, for another whirlwind  also, i just dropped off my laundry--my ticket number? 7557  what what what  !!!"
the big city by sunrise--such is the promise of the chinatown bus  northward!
my flatmate's israeli telenovellas have little snippets of english that allow for convoluted plot lines to emanate from the living room 
"sudden onset of flu-like symptoms! therefore, the plan is tea, frequent hand washing, capote "
"ew  as i was walking home from work, i saw macaulay culkin on bleecker  also, there was a man playing bucket drums--but he had no arms!"
"i picked up my dry cleaning, i'm booking a lunch for next tuesday, and <propfemale> robinson is a soon-to-be-licensed motorist  so it's confirmed--we're all grown-ups "
"hello, social networking  goodbye, again--i'm going back to the postcard thing "
so i haven't been online since before they changed the im sound (and i rather miss that popping noise) 
consolidated <propmale> be damned: a $105 energy <propmale>? there goes walking around the house naked 
oh my god these people have no liquor how can i what
"i brought the winter down with me from the north, it seems  white white exmas, y'all "
"snowed-in status update, forty-something divorcée edition: gobbling down chocolates and cheap south carolinian wine, and chasing down the cat that lives here  hmm, maybe i'll microwave some peaches "
"post-frenzy: some breathing room, and <propmale> jeux d'enfants  also, a certain mister gyllenhaal (!!!) looked at <propfemale> gonza<propmale> and i whilst we gobbled british food  gluttony well-deserved "
reptar is abusing his microwave privileges: the tangy smell of leftover hot wings is now permeating my duvets 
"thundersnowing! flashes of lightning! it's only the end of the world, kids, and i'm making hot cocoa "
"i made snow angels on my roof today, it was chilly and wet and the view was superb--wish you were there with me, kids "
"got that feeling after putting something in the oven that i could've melted cheese over it, and am now kicking myself for such negligence  of cheese "
"three to five inches of meteorological fuckery, argh  alas, the groundhog speaks nothing but lies "
2 smile 6am  y'all should see my just-got-home-from-work bitchface  i'm attempting to liveblog that mess 
