02a7f489e6828b8a882e908e554a3c14
hi 2010  how are you? nice to meet you 
hates that i cant just leave to go to <propfirst>'s because i have the curfew of a 15 year old and parents that think im a delinquent! such fun!
"just choose my facebook name as solelymyself which is my everything else    why, i dont know   "
"just watched year one, then illegally swam in a private lake    year one taught me one thing: sodom was the original vegas!"
"i cant believe im just now finding <propmale> burnham   from all the time i spend on youtube, i should of heard this guy by now  hilarious!! ill be uploading a few videos soon  2 parody's, 2 friend vids, and 2 vlogs  just sayin!"
"supposed to clean my room  decided it would help to put a movie in that wouldnt distract me, just for the noise ya know  put in disturbia        i haven't cleaned my room  moral of the story  shia labeouf is always distracting, in a good way, and i forgot"
crap   that posted twice  my bad!
"i do believe that <propfemale> fox is the sexiest woman alive, totally beating <propfemale> <propfemale>  like whoa "
i hate funerals    like a lot     sad   its just something about this is the very last time you will ever see someone ever that makes for a really emotionally unpleasant event 
"ok, so the plan was to go to ny on friday, then i was like, ok thursday, and then i read a lil about the youtube gathering and now i'm going on saturday   just for the day  the gathering event is 12-5  and i really want to go "
is swatting flies and rolling dice!
"getting ready to go to work, but i might go pick up some happy garden first  smile         and maybe some lemonade!"
how dare them!  fluffly pillows of love in the woosh with a woosh and then a woosh de woosh and bam!
i need a ham sandwich!
"i just found myself singing, \i was born to make you happy\"" by the legendary <propfemale> spears!"""
"<propfemale> drain!@#!@$@  if you read this, i need you   ha "
grrr rg a laga a grr ra ga raga gar graarg gar gr ragra laga
wow  so when im tired  i just like rape facebook? i need to find more productive things to do 
so i just filled out like 7 surverys so i could get coins in farmville  wow 
<propfirst> mays and cocaine   i can see it 
"from my night of activities, i have an entire tye dye outfit, and a peace sign latch hook pillow (almost complete)    so all in all, staying up to 9am was pretty fun!"
i just found out my step brother really had swine flu  ha  not even joking like all the times before 
shutting up now!
"i just deleted <propfemale>'s portfolio main from <propfemale>'s website because it started to not make any sense to me why <propfemale> would have a portfolio on <propfemale>'s independent photography website, even if she may or may not be in her future business "
reading online articles for fun   but why does same sex marriage always lead to someone marrying a cow?? and where is this meeting where all of the gays go to plan out their agenda? just curious 
so i wonder if ill stay up to 9 am again tonight !?! i hope not  i have to work tomorrow  all my crops are plowed so im just going to open up tweet deck and watch cant hardly wait!
"up and ready to leave for cedar point, and ironically, im worried that my crops might die in farm ville     <propfemale>, you know what to do!  got my phone fixed so text it!, #'s on my profile, and ill be sure to scream your name on top of a roller coaster!! its hard for me text without my old keypad, so i might not text yet  i went from like 80 words a minute to 2   smile "
just found a perfect getaway online  i love pirating movies!
"let me tell you what, it is great to come home from a good night to find that your parent has went through all your things in your room! and apparently has found something she is displeased with  i need to move out "
i feel better now! much better
"i wish my life were exactly like those of the characters in dawson's creek  sometimes in my delusional mind, i see my life played out exactly like this  its fun in my head  <propfemale> will have a tough time getting this dvd back, if my dvd copier doesn't shape up "
"\i remember when parties were bowling and birthday cakes  now they are high risk adventures that could kill you  i guess thats just another part of living in the new millennium \"""""
"oh my   my favorite quote, the one on my <propfemale>, the one that i quote all the time, was finally just on an episode of dawsons creek i am watching right now "
really wants to go to the gentlemen show tonight   but im not allowed  just the woes of living at home 
"\this night is gonna end when we're damn well ready for it to be over\"""""
"so i thought it was texted to me that i should just go to work at 12 to <propfemale> out, and then clock in at 3   i was really supposed to be there at 12  its 1 smile 0 and im still home  super!"
im only 3 hours into this birthday and its already one of the best!!!
thanks to everyone who sent me birthday wishes  this is a pretty frickin great day! just sayin!!
"me being out of shape makes me hate football  im going to feel like whoa in the morning  but it was fun, i suppose  no pain, no gain "
"is sleep in my future  god i hope so  <propfirst>, i did not lie to you  i swear  i will go to sleep  i just wanted to see is she was on aim  and she wasnt  ha"
"i hate when facebook apps take it upon themselves to send things to people, without me clicking allow "
text a to 97979   lady gaga is not just a nominee but is the best new artist in 2009  lets prove it to the mtv vma's
lady gaga!!! she did it!!
"making a lady gaga megamix and so far, im impressed  it can never be as good as a kalen rollyson megamix, but it will suffice "
"well <propfemale> drain's cd is still not complete, because i got sidetracked first by a movie that one of the songs on the cd is in, and now by a song that isnt even on the cd, i just cant stop listening to love drunk by boys like girls "
i want to throw a guido party where we all dress up like were from jersey and talk with that accent   i dont know what we would do but it sounds fun 
"why am i having this feeling that i want to delete my facebook too  i already lost half my contacts with deleting my myspace, so i know i cant  there are people i only talk to on facebook too  its just a time sucker awayer "
"i decided to get a last minute smoothie on the way home from the movie at sheetz  a cop told me i was going to fast, but that was all  i come outside to find a second cop car there and cops asking me if i had stolen my car because the plates didnt match  this resulted in my car being searched, and this whole big 30 minute investigation thing to find the dmv royally screwed me over ha fun night  i was scared to death "
happy birthday sarra <propfirst> !!!!!
"i really think this was the best halloween weekend of my life  growing up, im sure i said the same thing all through my youth, but i just had a lot of fun this weekend  it really feels like it didnt stop until right now  happy halloween, late*!"
"what games should we play tommorw sarra <propfirst>, <propfemale> drain,and <propfemale> debolt? im thinking mad gab, and somethign different also  just to mix it up  maybe not mad gab, but for a few minutes, itd be cool  i dont know  opinions  i might buy a game   and do we bring the five dollars still for pop? i love game night "
is    
"thinks that its a pretty messed up idea that in order to get people to give to <propfemale>, you have to entice them with gifts and discounts  its not <propfemale> if you recieve compensation  thats just purchasing, and telling them to keep the change  just sayin "
"today, i burnt a house down, then stomped it in, stole a scooter, then almost got hurt, kicked <propfemale> drain's butt at monopoly, and created the never ending alphabet story of christmas  i think it was a pretty good day!"
i'm finally moved into <propfirst>'s  pretty flipping excited 
"thanksgiving was great  hope everyone else had a good one  its almost 3 and i'm trying to decide, do i want to go shopping?"
do people know they are doing something great while they are doing it?
"even better, how do you know you've done something great? why do we know all these names from our history texts, but not others? why is their discover or contribution to life more important than others?"
"oooh, and if that is so, tell me who created the system we follow now  thats would be a pretty great contribution  did the first civilized peoples who set the chalk outline or shadow if you will of our sociological interactions know they were creating a system that would never be broken? like how the same old story replays itself  history repeats "
"you know what  new plan  screw these questions in my head  its too late early to be philosophical  im just going to play admit it by say anything, and go to sleep  much better "
"getting some last minute shopping done online  i think ebay bucks are the most ridiculous things  ive ordered a good bit, and have racked up a whomping $1 08 in ebay bucks! wtheck "
im loving that i get a snow day from work  like when does this ever happen 
<propfemale> christmas to everyone i wont get to wish personally!
i have an interview tomorrow! yes! too bad its in butler <propfemale>  just a 2 and a half hour drive! im excited nonetheless 
"if i don't start sleeping, ill probably just: 1 ) die or 2 ) overcome sleeping forever  it would be so awesome to never sleep ever again "
have i really been too into blogtv to notice winter flipping e playful loded outside? its looks ridic out there 
"whenever i am sad, i just stop being sad and be awesome instead   true story "
going to charleston with <propfemale> debolt to yell at the westborro baptist church  kind of excited about this  should be an interesting trip! and then maybe to pleasant creek to be an adventurer  fun!
westborro baptist church finally left  that was an amazing e playful erence to protest with so many people against something that is so evil  hopefully will have pictures uploaded later 
"i don't think i'm going to go see <propfirst> facinelli today even though it would get me one step closer to completing a task on my to do list on life  i wanted to see him just so i could wear a <propfirst> <propmale> is a god shirt  if you know what that is from, your ten types of cool!"
"what a day  el rincon  went to see a movie with <propfemale> and <propmale>  was left treats on my windshield  and then  oh yeah, i was scared to death when <propfemale> <propmale> pops up from my back seat! she has such a good way of letting me know she is back in town! ha  super fun "
"im pretty sure, if lady gaga tickets would become available on ticketmaster, i would immediately buy them, and sell my kidney to make up the debt  i am desperate to go to this show "
ilse: what are you looking for? moritz: if only i knew  ilse: then whats the use of looking? i feel that sometimes i need to apply this lyric to my life 
"watching true blood  i kinda feel dirty watching it  like if i still lived at home, then i wouldn't be able to  i feel awkward enough when the sex scenes occur, just thinking <propfirst> can hear them in the other room  but so far, i kinda-ish like the show  it's getting better the farther i watch  but the symbolisim enough makes me a fan "
beach bound baby! duh da da da da duh da duh!
"it's storming somewhere over the ocean right now and even though i'm tired and i know this could put me right to sleep, it's too nice to feel the wind and watch the lightning and hear the rain, thunder, and waves  so glad i decided to sleep on the porch!"
loving the love guys  i have the coolest best friends ever!!  smile 
"watching titanic before work  i've seen this movie far too many times! but its my favorite and one of the greatest movies ever made, so i'll gladly sit through another three hours!"
"so it might be that i'm delusional because i haven't had like any sleep, but i'm having a really good day despite it being the start of a tiring busy weekend  my theme song today will be walking on sunshine! hopefully i can stop dancing around in a bit long enough for a nap "
"is, ermm, confused? to say the least "
"eating taco soup at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s \good ol' fashioned house painting party!\"""""
my coworkers and i just had a talk about titanic and how much we love it  i am so excited  ha 
"happy fourth of july weekend everyone  although i'll miss the fireworks tonight, i'll get to see some tomorrow with <propfemale> and <propfirst> and of course bean!!!"
"oh noes, mexican grasquitos "
gonna go rock out some rollercoasters!
"that's it  it's tuna and lettuce for me for the next month at least  gonna loose some pounds  maybe do a fat flush or something  on a side note, finally got a new phone charger!!"
the last airbender season one  knitting like a mad man  listening to bright eyes and the hush sound  maybe gonna watch one of my movies in a bit  mom told me i look like i'm losing weight  maybe take a nap in a bit  then work tonight with <propfirst> and <propfemale> most likely  gonna be a pretty okay day!!
"woke up at 5am again today  but that's ok  i am going to run some errands and see a movie with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  i need to start updating facebook more, and stop updating twitter so much "
"i can't escape the eat n' park theme song  there was a commercial while watching tv this morning, and then another while getting my haircut  i'm waiting for it to come on the radio, cause i know it will play several times tonight  just to be safe, i'll just stick with listening to say anything in defense disk 2  there aren't many smiles on that disk!"
"i'm so going to be spoiled  my aunt <propfemale> is staying with us  she made homemade hot rolls for dinner her first night, brownies from scratch, and peanut butter brownies from scratch  then today i wake up to homemade cinnamon rolls  this is pretty great!"
"so many times, i complain about people sitting at eat n' park for like 2 hours  then today, i sit at a restaurant for like 5 "
i think i want to always wear my horns <propfemale> fortney hall made for me  they are so cool and such a conversation starter  just about bed time after some brother time!
initiate juicing tomatoes   beep be boop de be beep boop 
kinda liking school  wish i had company  freaking out cause i have so many classes where i have to talk in front of people  waiting for group discussion to start  then get to buy books before geology  after coffee with some peeps of course! i need to take a library class cause i just made a fool of myself  haha 
"had an absolutely wonderful day! thanks to everyone who wished me birthday wishes  i wish i could thank each one of you in your own personal message, but im way tired  also thanks to everyone who came bowling  even though i only bowled a 32, i think this was pretty close to perfect  there is no way i can finish my cake and 2 dozen cookies though  you all are awesome cause you made my day awesome!  smile "
"there are two times of the day that the sky is absolutely breathtaking  unfortunately, most people sleep through them both  at least i get this whole big sky of stars to myself "
"hopefully my day will be filled with stimulating lectures, because i dont think i brewed my tea strong enough this morning, and i'm going to need to stay awake "
i'm going to fail this test  i want to post this study guide so everyone can see how ridiculous it is 
so i watched the social network yesterday  i don't think <propfirst> zuckerberg is a bad person  just a good businessman  i do think we now need a myspace and twitter movie  just a suggestion 
so angry right now  i'm ready to go see thirty seconds to mars  i was walking out of my door to leave just to find out that the show is rescheduled to a month from now  wtf?
babysitting the doodlebugs  having a great time  but now it's their bedtime  wish me luck 
"5tonight, a table asked me for some heinz 57  i responded with, i'm sorry, but we don't serve alcohol here  and then he said no, it's a dipping sauce  and"
"5 i said hmm, never heard of it  just so were clear, heinz 57 is ketchup  i learned this tonight!"
"in three hours, i get to see spring awakening and i'm so excited, it's ridiculous  i had such a good weekend too  <propfemale>'s party  shamain  scary movie night  making costumes for work  pretty awesome  if <propmale> leto reschedules again the 30 seconds concert for tomorrow, i'm going to be so mad "
"spring awakening is my favorite musical, and now that i've finally seen it, i can proudly say that "
"\whats a fire? and why does it    whats the word?\"""""
"on a bus heading to new york  so excited  when i wake up, i'll see the big city "
one of the greatest joys in life is catching snowflakes on your tongue 
"so i did it, i got a part in the play good woman of setzuan  yay! so excited "
"whew   and with the breakfast club essay i just submitted, all of my finals are finished   now to get in my last few of hours for theater, and i, my friends, will have completed and passed everything this semester   for me, its a pretty big deal  just hoping everything went well with that geology exam  im confident about everything else "
"tonight i had christmas round one at the enp christmas p<propmale>y, which went great  got cool <propmale> from <propfemale>, and it's made me ready to be with my friends and family come this weekend    also, anyone else think this lunar eclipse is somewhat uneventful?"
"ran to walmart to pick up some things today   and i waited line for at least forty five minutes  and if that wasn't bad enough, i was in pajamas and ran into a million people i know  but at least i had <propfemale> to stand through the madness with, and it's christmas <propfemale> and all this mad shopping will come to an end soon!  wink "
"may have been the lack of sleep from coming in at 5am from an awesome christmas with my friends and being awoken at 8am by my brother, but when he tapped on my shoulder, i got so frightened i screamed   a very similar scream to when i opened this laptop and said, is this a wrong box? it wasnt!"
so excited!!!
pittsburgh's got a case of the mondays    wink 
"im excited for school to start  that's so weird to start, but i'm excited about my classes  hopefully after the first week, i'll feel the same way "
"today started out as a bad morning  im sleepy, my phone died, etc  but then i got to school, and realized the silver lining to having an 8 surprise 0am class     so much parking!!!!"
i haven't even gone to all of my classes and i can tell i'm going to be stressed this semester  i'm both nervous and excited 
"reasons i think im already in love with dr  savage  in her powerpoint today, we were discussing satire, parody, and camp  the notes on the powerpoint were describing examples of camp  one of the lines read, \so is the jersey shore camp or not?   maybe its just trash \"" best  thing  ever """
"im so tired, i cant even think of a catchy facebook status  if i fall asleep in the library, i wonder how long it would take someone to move me and steal this computer?"
my night could be summed up in this one simple statement: i have the best friends ever 
"ive been watching my old vlog's all day as i privatized all my videos  there are some really creative and hilarious ones, but they are equally hella embarassing  i want to make videos again sometime, but i need fresh ones  if there was a video about you, i kept it so only you can view it "
"i thought i looked super grungy today, kinda homeless   but then i told my friend this and she said, \you look normal today  you look like a normal boy \"" haha  what do i look like regularly?"""
"just got out if rehearsal to find that i have, in an oh so brilliant move   erm   locked my keys in my car   umm   while it was running    i'm awesome "
i need to figure out how to pay it forward again 
"so am i the only person that kinda really digs lady gaga's new song  ? someone, anyone, please dont leave me hanging  "
"so lady gaga's grammy performance was the most normal performance i think i have ever seen her do, even though she broke out into toccata and fugue in d minor on an organ in the middle "
what's on your mind?
"best ____ ever  *pow*\it seems im dangerous when i get excited about anything, not just spring awakening!"
i love having a sunroof if not for any other reason than it opens up the space for more vibrant car dancing while driving  
"watching its kind of a funny story before i go off to poetry class, and then i have to go get my costume and some make up on   this is quite a good movie "
i think i'm most excited for sleep after this weekend  maybe actually sleeping a full night will act as the pep talk my immune system needs 
craziest  night  ever  hahaha!
"i did something i never thought i would today    i watched never say never (the <propfirst> bieber movie), i thoroughly enjoyed it, and then i even went right out and bought a bieber cd    what? yeah, i know "
singing rent at my lunch table with some awesome people! la vie boheme!
awesome  just shattered my iphone  it met its destruction on the cement outside of eat n' park  it kinda works but is way too shattered  bummed out hardcore 
"hey friends    i lost all of my contacts so please, send me a quick text with just your name so i can re-add you!"
"writing my paper on satire and parody about the movie daybreakers  i have so many ideas on how to write it, but its just not working for me yet  grrr "
my mom came to see the show tonight   i was more nervous than on opening night for some reason   but she liked it!  now just two more shows left 
i watched listened to <propmale> miserables for the first time tonight and i absolutely loved it  poor eponine  i need to see it on stage someday 
"i want the snooki book because 1st: it seems to be written on a third grade level  and 2nd: because i can't resist picking it up, reading a line, and dying from laughter "
spring break is about over  for the most part   i had fun   wink 
"i just woke up to see my cat hanging out of my window which is on the second floor of my house, and at the bottom of said window is literally a <propmale> leading to the neighbors house  it would have meant imminent death for my cat  luckily he didn't jump   i talked him down "
i wore flip flops today  i was all excited  my feet are no longer happy about this decision while i'm standing outside during this fire drill  brrrrr 
going to spring awakening  so excited to see it again 
"in my idea of a perfect world, the weather is always like it is outside right now  if there were a couple more trees with fresh fruit and less intimidating clouds that were abstract but predictable in shape, i would never leave this lush patch of <propfemale> green grass "
