7a284d54dd368e1d798ae4985d3d2a96
wants to go swimming!
"so very tired, but cannot sleep     "
i'm baaaaack!!!
is feeling a little homesick right now   
is so @&*^#% tired of these damn oklahoma bugs!!
off to pick hubby up from work! yay!
time for bed! night night!
"husband is in the hospital  i miss him so much! i just want him home with me  he will be home soon i know but this is so hard - being away from him when i know he is hurting so bad  love you, babe    "
i miss my hubby  praying he gets to come home soon 
yay! hubby's home and settled in and feeling better!!!! i think i may crash now   
"always remember, never forget   god bless <propfemale>, god bless us all   "
the eagles rawk my socks!!! (the saints did pretty stinkin good too!)
yay allergies (not!!)
*sigh* facebook needs to get its act together    
its a quiz night apparently   i am bored   
i am totally blown away   sometimes the past does make me smile!
leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy & paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you   smile 
today is the first day of the rest of my life  not too sure how to react   i know we have to finish packing but sleeping all day seems like a viable option too   
will be offline for a few days while we get moved   love you all and will miss my <propfemale> friends   we will come back to visit soon 
in kansas   got our work cut out for us   we will call everyone soon
"okay   so the unpacking is coming along swimmingly, the job search is what it is, aaaannnndddd we have no internet or telephone reception except for at <propfirst>'s grandparents house for the moment - don't ask  know we are safe and sound and are working on getting everything back to some sense of normalcy soon  miss and love you all"
"update: still plugging away, staying positive ('taint easy tho), <propfirst> and i are both well and happy aaaannnndddd (drum roll please) we miss ya all like no ones business  still waiting to get internet but will update y'all as much as i can   smile "
another update for ya: doing well   still looking for a job but havin lotsa faith! missing you all and thanking ya for all the prayers! keep 'em coming!! *hugz* for you all    till next time    
happy turkey day!  love you all!!!
"a gorgeous and cold (brr) day outside   at the library now, wishing you all the most wonderful weekend!! hopefully we will have internet by the end of the week   yay   smile  miss and love you all!"
i'm baaaack!! yay! now to dig outta my fb pile o' *stuff*  lol
i notice that the more i clean one area the messier another area gets    hmmmm
"to all my friends and family: a happy, safe and prosperous new year! may 2010 be the best year yet!"
purple
every party has a pooper that's why we invited you    
"ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news last night  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> g komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall - if you participated in the bra color game!"
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!"
<propmale> pearson is the interpretation coordinator for fort calgary and has worked at the fort since 2000 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, mainly because they don't know how to copy and paste  now is the time <propfemale>    to bring awareness to stupidity and douchebaggery  (thanks carolanne!!)"
i loved a phone in line at the bank because big bird said to and he's my leader 
yay orajel!! boo toothache!!
is watching the last tonight show with conan o'brien   so sad   so - grrrr    
"god, freebird   i cried like a baby    "
"my \fine\"" is $760 60   hehe"""
ugh   setting up new printer   
"\never kick a fresh turd on a hot day \"" (<propmale> s <propmale>)"""
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance and understanding about the challenges they face        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this y   our status for at least an hour?"
just baked an apple pie    now to keep the cats away from it   
"? ? ? if you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you, then repost this    because great men are few and far between, and i appreciate and love mine  ? ? ?"
wow! thank you guys so much for the birthday wishes! i am very lucky and very blessed to have friends   who am i kidding    family like you!!  love 
who dat?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!   woooo!!!!
night night all   
the beatings will continue until morale improves!
"my dog died today  4 1 2 years old, felled by a brown recluse  we just had to bury my puppy because of a spider       i miss him so bad "
thanks to you all for your compassion and love  i really appreciate and love you all 
moving to the new house   took my aleve so that when i am broken later it will be a dull pain   
almost done! good thing we are only moving 20 mins away   lol   cable and internet will be set up on wed   thanks for the well wishes and love! see ya all soon!!
all moved in and slowly unpacking   gads i hate moving  the cats are adjusting well though   smile 
that's right my friends - the eagles rock!!! woo!!
"i hope all my friends and family had a very <propfemale> christmas, blessed yule and the greatest holiday ever!"
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3x the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile 
got the flu   fever of 102 just broke last night this morning   very weak but gotta rest cuz gotta work tomorrow  yay for me - not 
"attn! there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb, your home address, credit score, home value, income, age, etc  remove yourself by searching your name, copy the url of your <propfemale>, go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy button to remove yourself  copy & repost so your friends are aware!"
omigosh! i have the best friends ever!! thank you all for the birthday wishes!! *hugz* i love you all!!  love 
