18928046c68e1aafc8572e0b3171e503
im bored already
to all from canfield: this is <propfirst> patman
wooo hooo i get to go to work soon   yuck
"so its about 2am-ish, im exhausted but cant sleep this blows    whats up everybody? im curious to see whats up with everyone i havent seen in years  hows life treating everyone?"
i have been sick for days and couldnt keep my eyes open  now that i have to go back to work tonight it figures that i cant fall back asleep!
"i'm not a player, i throw up alot!"
if u dont laugh the first time watch the video again  if that doesnt tickle ur funny bone check ur pulse
i do not know but i might be done
so i've decided after one day back to work i am going to spring for new work shoes  yay!
im on a mission for church's chicken today   
i am going to take my dog to red rock today!!!
"taking my dog to red rock park was such an awsome idea! we had a blast and i wore bohdi out   which was funny since every time he runs out of the house it's impossible to catch him and it seems like he could run forever, but he stayed with me the whole time no leash no problem, i'm so proud of him "
living in vegas  smile 
lahina grill with my girl <propfemale>!!
im bartending tonight at bww!!!! ahhhh i cant screw this up!
work was the shit tonight   im exhausted and goin to bed
<propfemale>   
when you let someone who lives in drama into your life you invite them to bring drama into your life  look around what kind of company do you keep?
lastnight i bought myself some skinny jeans and re-descovered i am a size 9  i havent been a size 9 since highschool!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=psfyrrhkj1q
i dont know how much of this shit i can take   
farmville is addictive and sooo stress relieving
"we now have an outter space ambassador, what is the world government planning, hiding   what do they know???"
why the hell am i awake????? i fucking went to bed 4 hours ago and then woke up 2 hours after that! im gonna have another go at it
there should be more people in the world that know how awsome i am   
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vm_10mzkx6k
thursday nights are boring
october first!!!!ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh    my birthday is coming!!!!!!!!!! did i mention i can't sleep?
i miss my dog   the people i live with have 2 but hanging out with them isn't the same and it just makes me miss bohdi more  sad 
i still can't sleep
i caught a lobster today
"i'm too tired to post pictures, i'll do it later or tomorrow"
"i still cant believe i caught a lobster yesterday   i named it red booty (r&b for short)cuz he's kinda like my very own pirate tresure, i was going to try to keep him as a pet but i didn't have the right salt water to put him in so he died then i ate him  "
"i dont feel good, and it sucks feeling sick and having noone to take care of you"
i want to go home   
"speeding ticket paid, rent almost paid and i am back to being broke"
i need a mandolin    or i need to stop waking up to food network
there is a certain feeling in the air  autum is here and it brought that same mischevious excitment i wait for every year and still can't quite describe how incredibly alive it makes me feel 
i just played black <propfirst> for the first time and it was pretty cool
"no water on the one day i succeed in waking up early to get things done, i have no running water   thank god for good friends who dont mind me bringing my smelly laundry and even are down to help me fold "
"my head is spinning and i think too much, i cant take it  i'm going back to bed "
fo<propfemale>d a <propfemale>  opened pack of smokes <propfemale>der my bed! today is going to be a good day
im goin to look at a house later today!!! yay
"climbing into bed alone sucks but i know i have my family out there waiting for me, i will not fail  i will not let them down   "
"my birthday is tomorow!!!!! everyone is invited to <propfemale>, the sushi bar on <propmale> and rancho between 6 and 7 "
"cheese cake for breakfast, sushi for dinner, today is gonna be a good day  oh yea for anyone who doesnt already know its my birthday bitchzezzz!!!!!!!!!  thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes, i hope to see you later at <propfemale> on <propmale> and rancho between 6 and 7 "
"if you cant make it hit me up when you're done working to see what else is going on, i'm just gonna wing it for then rest of the night so call me up to see whats happening   dont puss out i want to see everybody tonight!"
"much thanks to everyone who came out to <propfemale> tonight!!!! anyone who couldnt make it becauses of circumstances out of their controle is excused  y'all who just bitched out suck    actually,  i still love everyone, thanks again  goodnight!"
<propfemale> is really gettin into it
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uelhwf8o7_u
"ok im getting bored with this, its time to get tossed"
"i just love how everyone knows my business without me having told them   its great!! im fucking trying to fix myself and get my shit together  fucking leave me alone if you're not gonna help and keep my fuckiung name out your mouth  i'm under enough stress as it is, i don't need added stress from shit talking mother fuckers who act like they are my friend then bitch about me behind my back"
