e2432c76eaa2704b499b2fd24c794a38
"just so my friends on facebook know, at this time i can only chat sometimes   it's a linux issue   not ignoring anyone "
my new year resolution is to learn something new every day of 2011  i know that is one that  i can keep 
i've got that song crazy (a suitable case for treatment) by nazareth running though my head today 
all i really needed was some comic relief   still chuckling  leave it to my crazy friends and family to provide it 
have to stop looking out my kitchen window   trying to swear off seeing in breds 
"true inbreds, add meth and you've got entertainment at the very least   i don't even live in a bad neighborhood   there's singing, there's dancing and enough lip stick for a clown   the problem is that there is no music or head sets "
did someone push the stupid button?
guess i didn't need coffee after all   thank you <propfemale>!
independant medical examiners for washington state are nothing but paid hacks for insurance companies! always take a witness 
can you say steilacoom?
"funny how a little thing like the doc showing up can empty out a house full of tweekers, even though they didn't arrest anyone   at least we'll have one night of peace and quiet "
i never did find the power button on my shovel 
growing tired of insurance company stall tactics   we sure wouldn't get away with these tactics when it comes to paying premiums   at least i know what game we are playing 
i say to you my most slobbish but loved husband   perhaps if you were more tidy you could find more things by yourself 
"when you get to what seems like a hopeless place in your life, hold on a minute longer it is right at that point that the tide is beginning to turn clara hinton"
"i may be small, but i live on to fight even more battles!"
\if you're idealistic," you have a moral obligation to be pragmatic\"" \"e2432c76eaa2704b499b2fd24c794a38,someone is driving me insane with this new craigslist freebie thing   the up side is that it will be a short drive 
pool is up and running for the heat wave that's coming! the family 'harbor seals' have already tested it out 
my 53 year old husband just enrolled in college yesterday!  we're both pretty pumped about it!
doc is over at my redneck tweeker neighbors house again   wish they had the authority to demolish the whole house 
looks like i'll be running crisis control all week   it must be monday 
"i swear i'm going to get that poor pitbull an umbrella hat   he blinks so hard in the rain, it's a wonder he can see "
"started my day off listening to three little birds by <propmale> marley   i had the pleasure of dancing on the beaches of grand turk with my grand daughter to this song   the lyrics, to me, are about being grateful   what a great way to start the day! thanks for the  memory alysaundra "
we're just sitting around here waiting for that call to come help drag an elk out of the woods  yum!
i feel like a wonder sloth today   maybe it's the weather 
doing the dance of joy about the house after <propfirst> went off to his first day of college  now if only the phone would quit ringing  lol
most senior student (aka my husband) had a long day at school and is in bed for the night   he's doing well though 
watching the tweakers across the street trying to to act like gangstas  all they are really accomplishing is giving me a laugh for the day   how the iq points do plummet!
weary of narcissism today 
i hereby declare this household a drama free zone!
what a perfect day for home made chili and crackling corn bread 
impatiently waiting for my first grandson to arrive 
we had an earthquake a little before 8 this morning   glad to know it wasn't the neighborhood tweekers blowing things up 
my dogs are worse than little kids wanting to go in and out to play in the snow   i just want my coffee 
"everyone is home from school today, including most senior student "
happy thanksgiving to all my family & friends   i'm most thankful that i have what i need and for 3 healthy grandchildren!
"wow!  thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone   i got to see all three of my grandkids yesterday, so i'd call that a great birthday  : )"
beer
i'm standing in solidarity with jobless workers today  join me: http annoyed  bit ly frccbz
grandma's gumdrop cookies done!
copious amounts of brownies done!
i'm so proud of my husband!  he finally got his grades  a gpa of 4 0 
slumber party tonight with my granddaughters!  we'll be attempting to watch the nutcracker ballet 
thinking of the moms and dads who had to work this christmas   particularly in the service industry 
yeah saints!
just chillin' in federal way and hanging out with my nephew   he's a little disappointed that the snow is melting away 
"i try to think carefully before i post on facebook so that it does not offend any person on my friends list   i respect others religious and political views and if you know me, i have very clear opinions of my own  but i detest censorship, so those of you that always take what i post the wrong way, (most of whom are viewing in a very back door way) get over your5elves!"
"having the family over to watch the hawks game   if some of them can get up that early, that is "
2 months 
600 hours  j
full body shiver! i wish my neighbor did not feel the need to 'proudly' display the lingerie that her brother most likely bought her for christmas 
have something tedious that you don't want to do?  no worries  your wife will be along to do it eventually 
can't wait for <propfirst>'s gumbo tomorrow!
