bc62cca23cd2960d2182b166a2c02bef
happy new year!
"and as long as it's okay with you i think i'll stay right here, i got no where to go 'cause where to go is up to you dear, happy as a clam i see the glimmer in your eyes, hold you through the night and watch that colorado sunrise"
has to be up in 5ish hours for work   fml!
hurt his ankle and is hoping that it's just a sprain and nothing more    and it's one month passed with hopefully many more!  love 
work till 10 but tmmrw off!
"work till 11, joy   "
"work 12-8, yay"
is back home from 6 flags! had a great time with everyone!
"show me how to lie, you're getting better all the time, and turning all against the one, is an <propmale> that's hard to teach, another clever word sets off an unsuspecting herd, and as you step back in the line, a mob jumps to their feet"
"so a recap of my night: the offspring and sum 41 concert was amazing! some drawbacks: ears still ringing, temporary loss of voice, getting randomly hit on by both sexes, and sweaty guys doused in beer continually moshing next to me  some highlights: both "
bout 12 hours till work yay!! not
"work 12-10, ugh"
"work 12-11 today and tommorow, fml"
is getting his lovely 4 hours of sleep in before work tmmrw  smile 
six flags today!  laugh 
"waiting in line at six flags, such a nice day out!  playful "
bizarro here i come   in 45 <propfemale>   
"\what day is it? and in what month? this clock never seemed so alive\"""""
thinking i prob should go to bed soon since i have work 12-10 today    oh well!  playful 
"bout 5 hours of work down, and still 5 to go"
"prob off to bed, have to help move furniture at 9, and then work 11-10, oh yay"
"stuckstuck at work on colman subway till 11, come visit!"
finally a day off!
don't u just love $500+ paychecks!
"working 3-10, then 12-10 tmmrw, but at least have wed and thur off   possibly"
"i am too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated"
man i love not being able to sleep!
forgot how boring homework could be!
"programming from 12 smile 0-3, then idk"
"yayy, work at 7 :-\\"
damn this math hw! 1 down 47 to go
now home after an awesome weekend! so sad to go back to normal routine  sad 
3rd day in a row being up this late    should prob think about getting some sleep eventually   oh well
i think i did pretty fucking amazing on my programming midterm!
finished his programming  1 1 2 lab midterm an hour early so has free time yay!! btw totally pwned it too!
pirate facebook is def epic! dont think im going to change it back
did someone get the highest grade in  c++ programming again? oh yeah!
modern warfare 2 = me becoming anti-social for about 2 weeks
"hush little baby don't say a word, and never mind that noise you heard, it's just the beasts under your bed, in your closet in your head!"
"shawtys like a <propfemale> in my head that i can't keep out got me singin like, na na na na everyday, it's like my ipod stuck on replay, replay!"
"finally home after being stopped for \possible selling or buying of narcotics\""   lol"""
"fear not when or fear not why, fear not much while we're alive, life is for livin not livin uptight, til you somewhere up in the sky"
"on my knees, i'll ask, last <propmale> for one last dance  cause with you, i'd withstand all of hell to hold your hand  i'd give it all, i'd give for us, give anything but i won't give up"
"so shine the light on all of your friends,  when it all amounts to nothing in the end   i won't worry my life away, hey ay oh oh   i won't worry my life away  hey ay oh oh!"
starting my programming final project    since its due tommorow   
"oh, we're half way there, oh oh, livin' on a prayer! take my hand, we'll make it i swear  oh oh, livin' on a prayer, livin' on a prayer!"
feels    sick? this cant be!
work 12 - 9    hopefully i can get out of my  driveway which is coverd in 2ft of snow    but who the fuck would want to come to subway today anyway!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
where'd you go? i miss you so  seems like it's been forever that you've been gone  please come back home   
"\so we livin life like a video where the sun is always out and u never get old and the champagnes always cold and the music is always good and the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood and they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car without a wrinkle in today cuz theres no tomorrow just a picture perfect day that last a whole lifetime and it never ends cuz all we have to do is hit rewind\"""""
"cause i can make it good, i can make it hood, i can make you come, i could make you go  i can make it high, i can make it fly, make you touch the sky, hey maybe so"
"picked up a planet fitness membership in waterford, time to get back in shape  playful "
"had a great time with mel   and seeing avatar for free, badassness!"
"????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness   "
"burn notice season 1 complete, now just to get through all of season 2!"
"\i can hear your heart crying out for me\""  love """
"i went down to the bank just to get me my pay, i'm gonna get me, outta here!"
"so take the photographs, and still frames in your mind  <propfemale> it on a shelf in good health and good time  tattoos of memories and dead skin on trial  for what it's worth it was worth all the while  it's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right   i hope you had the time of your life "
"\50 told me go 'head switch the style up and if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up\"""""
om nom nom nom nom
"you don't know how you met me, you don't know why, you cant turn around and say good-bye  all you know is when im with you i make you free,  and swim through your veins like a fish in the sea  i'm singing    "
this weather is badass!
"rip ms <propfemale>, you always seemed to have an optimistic outlook no matter the problem, you will truely be missed  sad "
"ms <propfemale>'s service was very nice, work not so much"
"make me want to say, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh!  playful "
"off to the good ole  er, this shall be loads of fun"
"\pay attention to the cracked streets and the broken homes  some call it the slums some call it nice  i want to take you through a wasteland i like to call my home  welcome to paradise\"""""
loves having days off!
"had a great time with <propfemale> sanchez and <propfirst> <propfirst> by besting them at pool  smile  although <propfemale> calle is an epic failure for not coming  playful  on a side note, this fog tonight is ridiculous! well time to find something to do cuz i'm wide awake, hit the cell if anybody is up for a chat  wink "
i got diamonds on my neck and patron in my cup   
bp time    it's like hammer time but better
"grown ups was prob one of the funniest movies i've seen in a while, was pretty amazing  although driving through the fog was ridiculous!"
lovin my iphone 4!
off to last <propfemale> <propmale> and busters trip!
"most ac's cool the room temp down, my jobs ac just makes sure the room temp is at least 6 degrees cooler then the outside temp   "
i bring you this status update from inside the walk in cooler at my job  the temperature here has risen high enough that i find it more comfortable in this <propfemale> metal box then anywhere in this store  on another note i am surprised i still have service no matter how little it may be 
fireworks! htc if anything
warped tour!
loves having days off
cajun fries = happiness
inception was pretty kickass!
"time to eat some dinner, then i get to serve my favorite dessert: asswhoopin, make sure to get it while its still fresh"
life at 5 am is boring    
great possible last nite with friends  playful 
"1 1 2 hours down of database development, 3 to go"
"i like this professor already, let us out 2 hours early!"
"her lips her lips \i could kiss them all day if she let me \her laugh her laugh \she hates but i think its so sexy \shes so beautiful \and i tell her everyday \\oh you know you know you know \id never ask you to change \if perfect's what your searching for then just stay the same \so don't even bother asking if you look ok"
in class aka on facebook
\i ain't got no visa\,bc62cca23cd2960d2182b166a2c02bef,\yeah, and your friends all suggest\bc62cca23cd2960d2182b166a2c02bef,how did we meet? copy this to your status and see who remembers!
"she's my ipod i got her on replay, i love the way she lies and shes making me wanna say, the dj got us fallin in love, we like dynamite and i just can't get enough"
"\few people understand the psychology of dealing with a highway traffic cop  a normal speeder will panic and immediately pull over to the side  this is wrong  it arouses contempt in the cop heart  make the bastard <propmale> you  he will follow  but he won't know what to make of your blinker signal that says you are about to turn right  this is to let him know you're pulling off for a proper place to talk \"""""
if i actually make it to work at 7am on time today i believe i should get a reward
"\pa’ fuera! pa’ la calle! <propfirst> mamita tirame ese baile! <propfirst> mamita tirame ese baile!\"""""
remember remember the 5th of november   
so this is what it feels like to be nervous   
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
\you got me lifted shifted higher than a ceiling\,bc62cca23cd2960d2182b166a2c02bef,"8 beers, 3 jager bombs, the rest of a bacardi bottle (approx 3 shots), 2 jd & coke, and the nite continues   "
"thanks everybody for the bday wishes on tues, and more importantly thanks to those that went out with me that nite!"
"hey there <propfemale> what's it like new britain city\i'm 56 5 <propmale> away\but girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do\las vegas can't shine as bright as you, i swear it's true"
"show me how to lie you're getting better all the time\and turning all against the one is an <propmale> that's hard to teach\another clever word sets off an unsuspecting herd\and as you step back into line a mob jumps to their feet"
\look to the past\,0cc laugh df1d4b45e2995e86676d623171d,my kid just went to the movies   although she was pretty punk with her pink haired wig on  she loves wearing her wigs  she has pink and black right now she wishes she had more then just that  she so funny! lol
