9e031cb38f883b0621faf0936b886634
is back to work  not fun 
is already excited for next weekend!
"just carried a refrigerator down a flight of stairs (with the help of her housemates, of course) "
can't wait for sunday!
is headed to nicaragua!!!
"is on her way to dc, but her heart is still in nicaragua   "
"is back to work, but wishing she was still on vacation!"
thinks that barack makes my skin crawl   
is all alone in stucco for the next 2 weeks 
is wondering how long it will take obama to catch on that health care should not be run by the same people that run the dmv and the postal service 
is proud to be a fearmongerer 
is domestic 
is so excited for tomorrow!
thinks that the lexington police are the sorriest excuses for cops that she has ever seen 
actually wishes that school would start 
is on her last monday at work    4 days left!
only has 3 more days after today!
only has 2 more days and is going to uva tonight!
is proud to be a woman who is voting for mcdonnell 
only has one more day of work to go (after today)!
can't wait for tomorrow!
is having a fantastic day!
"is remembering the 3,000 americans that lost their lives 8 years ago today "
has only had 2 days of class and is already procrastinating    not a good sign 
is not going to get swine flu 
is now paying for being useless all day yesterday 
is going to be a recluse until everything on her list is complete  see you next year 
is not sure 
"is staying up late and then hitting the ground running tomorrow morning  weekend, please come soon!"
is still trying to figure out how obama won the nobel peace prize   
"is back in lex, unpacking sweaters and flannel sheets "
"is lying in bed, eating a warm delights cake and reading <propfirst> beck  great night "
is nowhere near finished 
happy halloween parents weekend!!
"wants you to vote for <propmale> mcdonnell, <propmale> bolling, and <propmale> cuccinelli on tuesday!"
republican victory!
ate wienerschnitzel?
is so close to thanksgiving break 
is struggling 
just has to make it to friday 
is free!!!!!!!!!
is not ok with her tax dollars funding abortions 
all-nighter tonight  and it's raining  blah 
"thinks this weather is very conducive to naps, but not studying   "
3 pages stand between me and break!
is being sratty this week 
"we're hot and we're fun, you know we're the ones, we stick with the girls in diamonds and pearls   love "
loves the baby hooties!!!!
this weekend = epic fail as a student 
does not enjoy milkshakes made with buttermilk 
even massachusetts wants to be red hot 
is stressed  what else is new?
my prayers are with the harringtons in this terrible time    never take a single moment for granted 
cheering on the baby hooties at lip sync!!
is wishing <propfirst> <propfemale> a happy birthday!
is hibernating 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
had a fantastic break and is not sure how to get back into the swing of things 
sleep is overrated 
"painted her nails strawberry <propfemale>, which means that it must be springtime "
does not enjoy springing forward 
is so happy that spring is here!
"come support make-a-wish at the <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst>li cook-off  today in evans, from 4-6 "
becomes more disgusted with the united states government every day 
just 5 more pages   
2 pages left  this is absurd 
"beautiful weather, a 2 hour conversation with one best friend, and a surprise visit from the other  life doesn't get much better!"
"this i know with all my heart, his wounds have paid my ransom "
most unproductive week everrrr
hates birds 
off to atlanta for the cognitive aging conference with <propfemale>!
had a fantastic weekend! not ready for class to begin again 
"hates eggs, dairy, and cooking utensils "
"one cake down, two to go!"
is hating herself right now for not studying earlier    almost finished with <propmale> year!
is done!
loves summer thunderstorms 
had a fantastic long weekend!!! now back to work   
will be laptop-less for a week  sad day 
is in nicaragua!
had a fantastic week in nicaragua!
is at work wayyyyyyy too early
hates ants 
can make it through 13 more days of work  maybe 
finally friday    so excited for next week!!!
would like to stop coughing 
had a fantastic week at yaf! now spending the weekend with <propmale> franke!
"successful tax-free shopping today in <propfemale> with <propmale> franke!! cutting taxes is such a more effective stimulus than is throwing tax payers' dollars at unnecessary, inefficient public works "
job applications are scary 
has officially applied to tfa!
loves interstate dance parties with <propfemale> rowe 
"dear friday, please come as fast as you can!!"
"is the only person in the psych department, which is weird, but it's my last day of work!!"
"\most bad government has grown out of too much government \"" <propfirst> <propmale>"""
is so excited to be back in lex!
first day of senior year   
is so happy!
thanks for the good wishes!!
thanks everyone for the congrats!!
"homework, weddings, and more homework    hello senior year!"
exhausted already    and it's only monday   
wedding weekend!
sunday schoolwork struggle 
had a wonderful break and is now slammed with work  great 
is tired of eprime 
loves red maps 
"decisions, decisions   "
5 days   
and the christmas music has officially come out   
spent the best day with <propfemale> roller  there's nothing better than devoting a whole day to playing with your best friend!!!
could use another week off before heading back to lex 
loves that pandora is playing spanish christmas music!
wonderful early christmas with <propmale> franke!!
"facebook now thinks i'm an immigrant and is showing me ads for getting a green card  thanks, social-emotional development paper on immigrant children "
sticks with the girls in diamonds and pearls 
would love to stop coughing 
there goes any ability to do work   
"100 days until graduation, 115 days until our wedding    wild "
thanks for the birthday wishes!
finds it ironic when democrats complain about having to pay high taxes   
