fa900e15c90983e6798b7f10ab4157db
lm ( annoyed )lm  if you figured this out ur smart!
just got back from mall w  c and j  so happy! got tons of stuff! i can't believe it's 2010! wow!
"hey everyone!!! it's me! <propfemale>! i made my own account, sso i don't have to use <propfemale> lopez!"
hey
i'm have a friend over
i'm sooo bored 
"no, <propfemale> won't add me as a friend!!"
"so, i can't see anything of her's  "
is getting goats and chickens
babysitting my lilttle brother and his friend
"i'm got 2 goats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! one is <propfemale> and one is <propfirst>! they are soooo cute, they are kids!"
"i'm getting rid of my dog, he keeps on attacking everyone "
i'm going to put up pictures!!!!  laugh 
does anyone know how to make my pictures show up?
tommorow i am going to clean the whole house! from top to bottom! every inch!
so it is very late like 2 or something  i am at j's sleepover party  yeah yeah  i plan to stay up all night!
omg!!!!! 4:46am still awake  not even tired! at j's sleepover 
eating a bowl of shrimp listening to my favorite song  breathe (2am) by <propfemale> nalick 
i should probably go to bed soon  it is 2 surprise 0  im not tired though
i already can't wait for summer vacation! (school started 2 days ago!) too much homework in 7th grade  i don't know how i am going to get it all done 
don't be afraid to leave a comment on this!
"ahhhh! i can only get five pictures in my album   i cant get any more  i have to use \simple uploader \"""""
i  just got rid of my dog!!! and both of our goats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! good news is  i went to the mall and got a ton of stuff    but i got rid of my goats and dog! <propmale>!
calling <propmale> to see if she wants to go on a shopping spree at the mall! (2x this week) i ran out of money last time    i got some serious babysitting to do  everybody seems to be getting sick! it is driving me crazy! can't wait for the girl's retreat  i am going to have fun! and jump in an air matress in the middle of a swamp!
going over to <propmale>'s to have a sleepover!!!!  laugh 
girls retreat soon!!! laugh 
everybody comment this!!!! how was ur weekend?
pbl is driving me crazy   
"i watched obsessed last night, pretty good  wasn't as scary as i hoped though, i wanted somebody to kill somebody "
i might have to get rid of my cat!!  sad  cutest thing ever  looked like a cheetah tiger raccoon 
going to the pumpkin festival  smile  meeting some friends there!
"i have decided to draw a picture for my product in pbl  i know, i'm going to get a 40 or something like that "
hey everyone! go to freerice com and help world hunger with your vocabulary!
"am i boring or something? how come nobody likes to leave comments on my posts   by the way, you should go to www freerice com ok yes i know it is annoying that i keep posting that, but we need to put an end to world hunger one word at a time!!!"
"thank you god, finished my huge-o presentation on the battle of gettysburg  it went well  except for the part when i said ,\the gattle of bettysburg\"" got my words a little confuzzled   smile  love that word """
it took me and <propfemale> 30 minutes to figure out how to load school yearbook photos on the computer    we feel so techy now!!! lolz
"i just started baking a funfetti cake     smile  babysitting right now, but happy cause my mom is finally going to pay back all the money she owes me  (275)"
i can't get over halloween  who can say no to free <propfemale>? one more year!
yeees! sooosooosoo happy!!! <propfemale> just called and we decided to go trick-or-treating together! fun!  playful 
"<propfemale> and i had a blast trick-or-treating tonight  i wore my school uniform  then me and <propfemale> <propfirst> all over our faces with black lipstick (like hearts, stars and tears) at the end like around 8 30ish we threw m n' m's and skittles at teenagers passing  it was hilarious "
"skipping skool tday     smile  happy cuz sleepover w  <propfemale> and <propmale> this friday! i also hav some important awesome news!!!!!!!! gonna wait to tell you! it has to do with me, my mom, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>  and it involves a boat   laugh "
"answer this question: would you rather have fame, wealth, beauty, or happiness? why?"
"i should probabaly go to bed now, it is getting late    nighty-night!"
not gonna be in school this week   sad  my cat is officialy going crazy!!!!
is dying slowly   
is actually more like slowly dying 
"what is correcter grammer, dying slowly, or slowly dying?"
"mood: ok wearing: blue tank, aero sweat, skinny <propfirst> eating: strawberry yogurt where: my room thinking about: tommorow about to: put on a movie  going to bed a little earlier tonight  i hav been staying up way too late lately i would say what time i was up at last night, but since my mom got an fb she has been yelling at me why there are posts at 3 and 4 in the morning  hair: brushed and down"
getting some money from babysitting tonight  smile  i started pbl research and dolphins are actually quite interesting! this time will be better!
i am bored right now  goodbye 
thanksgiving was fun  haven't seen my family for awhile  need to change my profile picture     byebyez
"got back from revolve concert and stuff  really fun, i went with some of my friends  we saw <propfirst> <propfemale>, group 1 crew, and stellar cart  we were in the elavator at the hotel with stellar cart, and we were in the gym with group 1 crew, it was sooo cool! now i have to do my product for pbl    ugh "
"haven't posted something in while so     answer this question: if you could have three wishes, what would they be? my answer: prettyness, happines, money?"
"so happy! i just got my hair cut, and it looks so much better!"
"just got my ears double pierced at the mall, it looks so good! i also got some other things  it doesn't even sting "
www iamawesome com
maybe i'll go to the new years <propfemale> party at light of the world  anyone else going???
happy cuz i got my new computer set up! yay! it actually works!  laugh 
2011!  laugh 
i need to stop joining groups and becoming a fan of things! it's out of control!!!  smile 
finally i am stress-free! i have almost all my reports and hw done and pbl dont start for 2 weeks! happy   text me cuz i got a cellphone!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
quick!!!! open the book nearest too you and flip too <propfemale> 12! read the second sentance on the <propfemale> and write it in the comments section below!!!!  laugh 
snow tonight so im hoping no school tommorow! come to pancake breakfast at mca to raise money for haiti    byebyez  smile 
couldn't get out of the driveway to school this morning!  laugh  happy got to stay home and do nothing!
hi!! <propfemale> krook i like ur idea!v everyone write down the first two colors that come to mind!
it is so fun to go to settings and set your language as pirate!! everything is differnet now!
<propfirst> (3 yr old brother) made up a knock knock joke:  knock knock (who's there?) table! (table who?) table washcloth! i'm still laughing  i think i've gone crazy   smile 
"if you could have anything in the world right now, what would it be?"
"going to youth group sleepover thing tonight, happy!!  laugh  byebyez"
"today at school was soooo much fun!!! i can't wait for sledding tommorow!!! jinnea, your dancing made my day  smile  haha, probably more like my week!  laugh  byebyezzz"
"cool, i just created a <propfemale>!"
"i love my comfy sweater, how cute are these boots? ?"
"school tommorow, no!!!!! so bored wrote my pbl thingie   hmmm    write the first animal that comes to mind       mine is elephant!"
spent almost all day stuck in traffic  ugh! anyway guess wat? i am getting goats!!!!!!!!!!!! again!! two baby girls or kids or whatever
"just spilled boiling water all over my hand and arm, it feels like it's on fire!!! owww!"
"\rats live on no evil star \"" is the longest sentance  that is the same forward and backwards """
doing the rest of my week's homework nd schoolwork tonite!!!!!!
"just spent the last hour w  a friend calling random stores in the area and trying to start a convo w  them, as in, (rea: example):  wal mart: hi this is wal mart how may i help you?  me: ello matey whatcha favorite colour??  wm:    what?  me: do you sell any mcchinkens here by <propmale>? wm: who is this? me: would you like some fries with that?? (conversation goes on for awhile)"
just got back from authentic beauty it was sooo much fun!! i went on this huge zip line and almost died it was so awesome!!! byebyez
be a fruit loop in a world full of cheerios!!!!
i hate being sick!!!
blue and pink
what's the first animal that comes to mind when you read this??? ? ? ?
it's official  my cat has broken my finger 
i am moving into my new house right now!!
first day of school tomorow!! waking up at 5 am! anyone else going to nca?
jersey shore or real world? i like jersey shore best
today i will be happier than a bird with a french fry  laugh 
just got a new hair straightener!
nighty-night! ?
omg!!! <propfirst> jacoby  is like the funniest person ever    haha! your like the awesomest person! yesss <propfirst> is all that and a bag of chips and a bowl of cereal annnnnd a bucket of fried chicken! you rock <propmale>!!  laugh 
had a bad day  sad 
is being forced to watch yo gabba gabba!  surprise 
"getting my hair japanese straightened on sunday! so it will be permanently straight for like 6 months and it will take 5 hours    annoyed \je t'aime  love "
hot and dangerous; if you're one of us then roll with us  ?
"negative 3 1459 over 2 and a half with six pies subtracted from 6:40am and 4% beep beep: haha! i  love  you! your are like the bestest friend in the entire world and always will be love  no one makes me laugh so hard, makes me have so much fun, and totally understand me as much as you, more in comments!"
ugh sickkkkk    my head feels like its about to e playful lode!  sad 
"phone got taken away for the weekend, sorry if i havent texted you back!"
inbox only  2010 is almost over  confess something you've always wanted to tell me  it will stay between the two of us  put this as your status and see who surprises you 
do not want to go to school tommorow    *sigh*
"<propfemale> smith haha, still in myy head!! i like banana's! yeah! i think that magoes are sweet! i like papayas! paaapaayass! love "
"is a little down since nobody wished her a happy birthday today, which isn't surprising really, since it isn't my birthday "
"i hate being sick! why couldn't this have happened on monday? going out to eat w  family, texxt me!!"
<propfemale> stigliano e playful lain 
snow day??
1st person to like my status - i'll make your last name for a week! haha
never fell asleep last night   can't wait for school
it's not about the number of breaths we take but the moments that take our breath away
winners never quit and quitters never win  love 
mall w  <propfemale> smith and <propfirst> jacoby!! texxt me  love 
? ???? ???????!  laugh 
i think <propfemale> is awesome!!!!!  laugh 
going skiing today! never been skiing before   this is gonna be interesting   laugh 
it's like 60 degrees out! *cant wait for winter to end!!*
i hate being sick 
winter vacation!! i love you! going to the mall today with <propfemale> smith nd <propfemale> o'leary  texxt me  love 
blueberry
i'm so latee to school! haha rebel  love 
such a nice day out!!  laugh 
just got a new puppy!!  love  so cutee
"lol <propfemale> mcgarry and <propfemale> smith, \it'ts a toilet!\"""""
i can't wait to go to cape cod!  love 
my phone died   sad  lost all of my contacts  
it's friday! friday! gotta get down on friday!
"i had such a fun time <propfirst> jacoby <propfemale> smith even though i didn't buy anything, you guys are so funny!!  laugh "
"just got back from cape cod  so tired, but it was so much fun  got a new puppy, and a new laptop!"
"just got back from the mall, funn time  smile  text <propfemale>  love "
i don't wanna go to school tomorrow    sad 
osama bin laden died   
nightyyy night!  love 
