c3cffc1a018b58ee3499c16127b1dfaf
im bored out of my mind         
im getting married!!!!
"last night was completely the most fun ive had for a while, im am now happily married    lol   if u r kellleys friend   chck out our wedding pix on her page!!!!!u wiil see the marrige album"
hi pplz   iam officially bored
hay qurlys
i have spontainiously combusted   can u help me find my peices(and my brain   i lost that too)
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes\hate in my heart, love in my mind"
"a dog, a cat, and a penis r all sitting around a campfire  the dog complains that his owner makes him do his business on fire hydrants, the cat complains that her owner makes her use a litter box    well, the penis was enraged   he said at least ur owners dont put a bag over ur head, and makes u do push ups until u throw up!!!!!"
my eyez lie   can u tell?
"im so proud of danielle,chloe,ivahnna,edy, and me for graduating highschool    we have all grown so much  im also extremely proud of <propfirst>   she has changed so much in a small amount of time   i love you all!!!!"
im in florida!!!!!!! its so much nicer down here!!!
i lick the gun when im done cause i know that revenge tastes sweet    so sweet!!!!!
i cant do anything fuckin right no matter where the fuck  i am     shitt   
"my eyez lie     can u tell?\my heart bleeds    can u tell?\my soul cries   can you tell?\my hate feeds     can u tell?"
"i found a quote that reminds me of a past love    u know who u r    \ roses are red, violets are blue, u actually thought i would cry over you!?!    i told you that i love you, and you thought it was true, but guess what playa you got played too!"
"if you're brave     copy this to your status and see what people rate\you: (1)crazy(2)wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5)\lovable (6)prettty(7) beautiful ( smile  dumb(9) spoileddd (10) like your\lips (11) wild (12) wana kiss you (13) funny as hell (14) lets go out\(15) freaky"
i lick the gun when im done cause i know revenge is sweet
mistakes r lessons not learned!!!!
silly rabbit     dix r for chicks
"silly rabbit, dix r 4 chix"
"i would love for everyone to share this amusing exersize with urself an d ur friends, if u pay attention u will love it      bend over and touch ur toes, then as u spell run three times fast    i hope u enjoy"
it is my big sis julias 19 b-day!!!!! i luv ya much julia    laugh 
free rozzy!!!!! i miss u so much lil sister    ur da bombbbb diggity   lol     corny i know   who cares!
im extremely confused right now   i dont know wat to feel   wat not to feel   i dont understand either   but alli know is that im completly confuzzled!!!!!!!!!
where do you fit in a wolf pack? -- my result: <propfemale> wolf  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 35333 referrals status?aid=100000766433822
"brompton cocktail is made from morphine or heroin, cocaine,  highly-pure <propfemale> alcohol, and sometimes thorazine  mostly for terminally ill patients such as cancer patients,  to relieve pain and promote sociability near death and to suppress vomiting!!!!! awesome!!!! its also a song by avenged sevenfold!!!"
if u wanna hit me up on aim   u can reach me at browneyezlie@aim com
browneyezlie@aim com
monday nite i was hanging out with jadee and <propfemale> and as i was calling <propfemale> that me and jadee were gonna go to mickydees to get a sweet tea   this random guy who none of us knew came and gave me and jadee a hug yellin that he loves <propfemale>    as he walked away i just stood there dumbfounded   but wanting another hug cause he was hott   lol    never a boring day in brooklyn     laugh 
"love me or hate me, i know u wanna date me,frontin and betray me, i know u fukkin fakey, dont fukkin play me, turn around and face me, cause death is effin waitin, i hope ur effin ready"
"love me or hate me, i know u wanna date me,frontin and betray me, i know u fukkin fakey, dont fukkin play me, turn around and face me, cause death is effin waitin, i hope ur effin ready---- this is for all the girls who dont play no games   but knows when the right one comes around and knows to keep him as close as possible forever!!!!"
"the zombies are planning to stick a straw up my nose and dring my brain fluids  \   surprise    ohhhhh noooo!!!!!!"
rrrrrroooooaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im not a perfect person    
happy hallows <propfemale> !!!
happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is my favest holiday ever!!!!
hey miss murder can i ?!?
"too weird to live, too rare to die!!!!!"
"im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,  im a hippy,"
"you're my honeybunch, sugarplum\pumpy-umpy-umpkin, you're my sweetie pie\you're my cuppycake, gumdrop\snoogums-boogums, you're the apple of my eye\and i love you so and i want you to know\   that i'll always be right here\and i love to sing sweet songs to you\because you are so dear"
"for <propfemale>   my beautiful sister\ you're my honeybunch, sugarplum\pumpy-umpy-umpkin, you're my sweetie pie\you're my cuppycake, gumdrop\snoogums-boogums, you're the apple of my eye\and i love you so and i want you to know\   that i'll always be right here\and i love to sing sweet songs to you\because you are so dear"
my bestiie is comming back!!!!!
i havent benn this happy for a very long time    it just gives me hope and the faith that good things come to those who wait
if u need to contact me call me at 191737152414    friends only 
if u need to contact me call me at 191737152414    friends only   pweeze txt me   im majorly bored- i cant exept calls  but i have unlimited txting
rock on a7x
"i never realized (you know*jadee julia)until today   it kinda scared me, and i found out in the middle of 5th avenue"
radda radda radda!!!!!
grrrrrrrrr im so bored   
tgiff!!!!!
"when you <propfemale> the bible    satan gets a headache   when you open it, he collapses    when he sees you reading it, he faints, when he sees that you are living what you read, he flees   an d when you are about to re-post this message, he will try and discourage you  i just defeated          h im!!! copy and re-post if you can"
<propfirst>'s party waz effin epic!!!!! and the afterparty (sleepover) was just as fun!!! again!!again!!
<propfirst> fox 's party waz effin epic!!!!! and the afterparty (sleepover) was just as fun!!! again!!again!!
"when i die, show no pity, send my soul to juggalo city, dig my grave six feet deep, and put two matches by my feet, put two hatchets on my chest and tell my homies i did my best"
"imma party like its my birthday this weekend!!!!(technaclly sunday)im gunna be 19!!!!!!!!!\chilllin with mommy and then chillin in brooklyn"
grandma is back for the holidays!!!  yay!!!!!!! best gift ever!!!!
dont worry   its my lil sister  
i love my lil sister!!!!!
is now connected to music choice and swrv 
{---c@
"im bored out of my mind      im gonna sign off   if u wanna txt me, be my guest"
nyte others who rnt gunna txt me
"im bored out of my mind      im gonna sign off   if u wanna txt me, be my guest"
im sleeping at jadees house!!!!!! im her first!!!!! rotflmao
"i swear as my name is <propfemale>, that they look like moons!!!!!!!!"
my lungs need to be native american and my liver <propfemale>
lol   
im serious   they r moons
cookiedough is amazing!!!!!
they look like moons!!!!! i swear!!!! i guess u dont believe me?!!?
they still like mooonnsss!!!!!!!!!!!!
"a lil bout me = im a very good friend  im dedicated when im in a relationship, im intellegent, i have a dirrty sense of humor, i can be wild, im mature when i need to be, overall    im fun to be around    be careful though, i can also be ur worst enemy!!"
"happy valentines day!!!!!!(by the way, if u tried to call  me, i was not ignoring u, i left my charger at kellys house)if u wanna contact me call 718-442-9335"
"valentines day is 2mm put this as your status & see wat you get ( annoyed (_inbox only]\\red-i use to like you\bluee-i like you\   purple:i wanna get to <propmale> you  wink \black -i wanna kiss you :-*"
join formspring com and ask questions to people you know annonomously
"my heart dies a lil more every valentines day, i dont need flowers or jewlry or money, i just want to find someone who loves me the way i love them    is that too much to ask?   apparently so if im still alone  im not gonna put up a front that i dont need or want a man in my life, no feminism crap     doesnt it suck when on valentines day u see all these couples? maybe next year!!! good luck for all the single people"
im back!!!!
how long will you survive when zombies over run the world? -- my result: 5 months  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 364052 referrals status?aid=100000766433822
strawberry
leave my bacon alone!!!!!!!!!!
idigif yadagoo cadagan udagundidagerstidagand     udagoo mudagust badagee midiguy sidigistidiger!!!!!!-jedagennidiga idigin jiberish
"im not sure  but i feel like im always the last to know, and always pushed to the side without a second thought     thats life for me tho    shittttt happens -__-"
what lies with in ur eye's -- my result: passion  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 744615 referrals status?aid=100000766433822
they still look like moons and i wanna be <propfemale>
"im tired of lookin for love    i guess i have to wait for it to find me    sad \i'd probably screw it up anywayz     im loosing faith in the world and the men and women in it     ohh well    i guess love is not for me"
i miss rockin  with the rozzy!!!  sad 
kiss me im <propfemale>
i wanna get <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im an endangered sepecies   there is only one of me!!!!!!!
"im incredibly protective about the people i care about  messin with my family would be a  poor choice on anyone's part  im like a mother bear protecting her cubs  there are no limits to what i will do  not only am i protective when it comes to the ones i love but, im also careful to look out for the underdogs and people being picked on or targeted for no reason  i will speak up and be a voice for those who cant "
bye everyone    if u wanna call me u know my number!!!!!
"the  only way he**he know who he is**can get some, is if he was a douche"
i made some sick pix   sum1 comment
"yay!!!!!!!!! dadadadadadadada elmos world, dadadadadadadada elmos world,elmo love s his goldfish his crayons too   thats elmos world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i lost a piece of my heart, can i have some of yours?  love   love "
