148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea
i need to get drunk   i need 8 beers or 2 kegs to drink  any takers?
"quote of the day annoyed \constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"i just realized that each of the kids makes me feel 10 years older, for each kid   so that means next month on my b-day i will be 53   lol "
"if someone says something stupid all by themselves and no one's around to smack them, are they a genius?"
"i found the graphic t-shirt i want   it says annoyed  your fat   dont sugar coat cause then you'll have to eat that too \""  lmao"""
"another t-shirt i want says: \what to gay bears and the world series have in common?  no cubs!\""  lol"""
found a new cable show that i love   spartacus: blood and sand on starz channel   kinda shot like 400   gotta love violence   lol
"can not wait till friday   i get the day off, and then i get to go out of town(kind of)   i then when work calls i can pretend that i did not have service and ignore the call   lol"
i can't stand the government most of the time   but just heard back from account after filing out taxes   yeah me!!!!  at least obama didn't screw me over this year in my taxes   lol   but there is still time in his term to screw me over in the future   lmao
woohhoo!!!  i get to go see ralphie may friday night   i am hella psyched 
woohoo!!!!!!!!  the chiropractor gave me the ok to start working out again   i <propfemale> need to get ready for summer   lol   god i hate getting old   right sis?  lmao
"is it morally or ethically wrong to slip nyquil or benedryl in the kids apple juice?  not that i have or would ever do that, i'm just asking   because daddy needs more sleep than 3 hours   i'm just saying   lmao"
finally done cleaning house and sending emails after work and now get to head to bed   finally!  now i get to be back up at 8 and start my day all over again 
"argh, i hate all these weather changes   now i am sick   :-s"
is hating having to to miss out on another 3 day holiday work   at least i get to go to the cards game monday 
taking kids to their first baseball game  go cards!!!
"today livi gets the <propmale> to see what it's like to start kindergarden   for the next month she gets to see how big kids go to school   yes, it is really quiet in the house   lol"
3 more days till i get my next day off  it'll be fathers day and i'm just going to sleep it away  lol  woohoo fathers day for me 
i hate having to see my kids get shots at the doctor's office
i <propfemale> need a vacation or 3 day road trip   lol
"come on friday, leaving for lake of the ozarks  nice condo rented, with pool and such for the kids  maybe rent a boat for a little bit to take them out on the lake  i just hope i still have kids, after 3 hours of driving with them  lol"
"played with the new iphone, now i want it  i'm tempted to say screw upgrade eligibility and just pay full price so i can have it "
almost done with work for the day   woohoo!!!!!
less than 26 hours till vacation starts  lake of the ozarks here i come 
after today i <propfemale> need to go get a drink or 10 
only an hour and half left before my first vacation in 2 years  woohoo!!!
why is it that 2 little human beings require a suitcase twice the size of mine?  it's mind boggling  i should have paid someone to pack for me  lol
i am <propfemale> sunburnt from being at the lake ozarks  i need another vacation day just to recoup 
2 days after vacation and i'm sick  i'm thinking vacation almost wasn't worth it 
"whoever is driving the bus of life, stop so i can get from underneath it "
i am feeling hella old  maybe i need to go get a drink or 15 
"aiden is sick now  poor little guy, got what i had  hopefully it doesn't take over a week to get over it "
"thank god, this shitty work night is done  time for bed and be woken up by my little heathens in a couple of hours  hurray!  lol"
"needs 5, 10, or 25 beers  been hell of a day"
awesome day  fired one person and write up someone else  who has my beer?
<propfemale> needs to go drinking 
"damn, is it ever an effin monday   could someone please speed it up to friday?"
"it's <propfemale>'s second day of school, argh, she's growing up too quickly"
it's friday and it's been shitty enough to feel like a monday
feels like hell swarmed over me  i hate this walking in and out of a c buildings into the heat  crap keeps making me sick  grrrr
i feel like shit  argh!  just shoot me and put me out of my misery 
needs to go drinking!
"my quote of the day  \\wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"ok everyone, after enough people saying i should start blogging, i did  the below is a link to my first of many to come blogs  check it out "
i need several   dozen beers 
pray for my dad he was rushed to the hospital a little bit ago  his meds are causing his nose to bleed non-stop 
dad is home recovering resting
needs to go get drunk  to stressful of a day 
needs some of the <propfemale> liquid   beer for u dumb asses 
"my quotes of the day \\the more i know"," the more sure i am i know so little  the eternal paradox \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"taking kids to go see my parents and let them play at the park   o yeah get to deal with drunk idiots and obnoxious kids, no not my kids  they are angels, yes i am totally biased  lol"
i <propfemale> hate insomnia!!!
"i just the newest android phone on sprint, samsung epic   i love it!!!!  beautiful phone "
my cts(carpal tunnel syndrome ) is hurting <propfemale> much have slept since woke up yesterday  argh!  i <propfemale> need some good drugs to kill the pain  lol
"a few good drinking quotes,\ \vodka is our enemy"," so let's finish it off \""  author unknown\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i so want to go drinking tonight 
is it friday yet?
can't wait to get off of work 
"is going drinking tonight, any takers?"
this week can not end soon enough
just got home from work  have to turn back around and be at work at 8am  no rest for the weary   guess i'll rest when i die 
already a shitty start of a week  is it friday yet?
wishes it was payday friday 
"can't wait till friday, i get a 3 day weekend  wooohhhooo!!!!"
is it friday yet?
"quote of the day annoyed \i'd rather be hated for who i am"," than loved for who i am not \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,it is mother effin friday!!!!  i have today off!  hell-to-the-mother-fucking-yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
needs to go drinking!!!
"it's official, i'm bald now  will post new profile pic after while "
"i so enjoyed having a friday off  it so rare, i'd have a better <propmale> of finding a left-wing republican or a right-wing democrat "
"quote of the day annoyed \when your opponent is drowning"," throw the son of a bitch an anvil \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"quote of the day annoyed \i detest life-insurance agents: they always argue that i shall some day die"," which is not so \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"quote of the day annoyed \practical politics consists in ignoring facts \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"quote of the day annoyed \i begin to see that a man's got to be in his own heaven to be happy \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"i am starting to look for a part-time job, i need more $$ in the bank account "
"quote of the day annoyed \to be free \",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,thank effin god it's friday!!!!!!!
"quote of the day annoyed \a man's true character comes out when he's drunk \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"damn, its payday friday   i should be happy and relaxed   why am i trying to see how late bars are open so i can go after work   lol"
"quote of the day annoyed \a poor life is better than a good death\""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"great website to calculate your paychecks   paycheckcity com  figures out salary or hourly, accounts in all taxes and deductions "
"out with kids walking all over gods green earth, so they can be in a sugar induced coma later "
"damn it friday, hurry up and get here"
"wth!  my little girl got punched in the mouth by some rat ass bastard child  if i see that punk ass mofo, my car is big enough to run him over  the fucking bastard sucker punched her "
"thank effin god its friday, and payday at that   wwooohhhooo!!!!"
"why the fuck won't my kids go to sleep   it's day light savings, why didn't they go to bed at the normal time?  grrr   love them, but daddy needs his extra hour of sleep   lol   i can use all the beauty sleep i can get "
"raking leaves and so far 11 bags  damn, i need to cut down some trees   fuck you hippies!  you can find other trees to hug  lol"
"i bought 1 lottery ticket that won me a free ticket, got my free ticket and i won $100   woohoo!!"
"quote of the day annoyed \the only time a man thinks is when he's alone \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"runner up quote of the day annoyed \thoughts can be revised  deeds cannot \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i saw that amc has picked up walking dead for a second season   woohoo!!!
i so need a part time job  i need want more $ in my account  lol
"quote of the day annoyed \if we want everything to remain as it is"," it will be necessary for everything to change \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,woohoo!!!! friday and it's pay day bitches!!
"dad is heading to er, might be pancreatitis again!"
"dad is heading to er, might be pancreatitis again!  ambulance is on way to their house "
sitting in er room waiting for doc to come visit dad
dad was just taken to have a ct scan done  hopefully find out what is exactly wrong 
dad has a cyst on his pancreas   what does this mean?  no fucking clue  waiting on more tests to be done 
"you know the voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas "
"i have a feeling that after i go see my dad at hospital, i'll want to get drunk "
"left hospital   need some time to think   dad has mri tomorrow to find out what needs to be done to \fix\"" him """
dad is having his mri  they are going to look at the cyst on his pancreas  they need to see if it is a fibrous cyst or a tumor   will update as i find out information 
on way to visit dad in hospital 
"dad had his mri done yesterday   it will be tomorrow before the scans are read and diagnosed   at that point, the doctors will know then where to go from there "
"here is a few quote that are too effin funny annoyed \if i agreed with you"," we'd both be wrong \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"here is a few more good quotes sayings annoyed \if you are supposed to learn from your mistakes", why do some people have more\148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"has anyone had those moments, where someone just blind sides you with information that you did not even see coming?  and it was really good info that just blew ya away   i just had one of those moments, and i am speechless   well almost   lol"
"my rant of the day: hospitality is something you offer to people   it is not getting a phone call and being informed that you will be hosting family(or friends)   especially a few hours before they arrive!  wtf!  rude much, you inconsiderate <propfirst> holes   you are not guests, your intruders   lol"
i love wearing women's underwear  smile 
"the best way to state my general feelings for today is: f*** this!!!  your mom should have swallowed!  if you pull your head out of your ass, you could drive better   and finally, i should become an alcoholic "
"quote of the day annoyed \a lifetime of cleverness can be interrupted by moments of stupidity \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"general mood so far today is: (metaphorically speaking) i'm like a cute puppy who is growling   you have the urge to pet me, but you will get bitten(or mauled)   you have been forewarned   lmao"
"my rant of the day: if you buy something that costs $9 92, u have a $10 <propmale>  why the fuck would you dig around trying to find the $ 92  the is one cashier and 10 other people behind  pay with the $10 <propmale> and get ur  08 and get the hell out of the store  us other people have shitto do other than wait around for your fucktarded ass to remember how to count $ 92"
is the day over yet?
sitting eating pizza bites watching scooby doo with the kids   after 3 straight episodes i am done with scooby   or i'm gonna scratch my eyes out  lmao
"nothing like being woken up by having someone(my son) putting his face 1 8\ away from my face """
"fml!!  why am i just as busy doing shit(around the house or errands) on my day(s) off , as i am when its a work day   i need a vacation, where its just me with no cell phone reception or wifi   i need to be in that old 80's commerical   calgon take me away   i know i just dated myself   lmao"
fuck insomnia!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"quotes of the day: \the mind cannot long play the heart's role\""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"argh, this has been a crappy day  i need t p to wipe this day away "
"how sad of a life do i have, when a nice hot shower is better than sex  it was 20 mins of heaven with scalding hot wetness  lmfao"
general mood for today: apathetic 
i hate being trapped in my own mind with thoughts  argh!!!!!  fml!!
dad had a scope down his throat to view his cyst   they will have to do a <propmale> surgery to remove the cyst and part of his pancreas   this means he will be out of commission for a while   hope there is no complications   just waiting to see the surgeon and schedule the surgery 
"<propfemale> loves the hotel room(with pool only reason for the hotel) for her birthday   she is almost 6, where the fuck has time gone!  she will always be my baby girl "
1 word: argh!!!!!!!!!!!!
will my kids ever go to sleep before midnight?  time for some nyquil   lol
"my rant of the day:  you(know who u r) do not have to be 2 faced   i am a grown man, i can take the truth you don't have to lie   be a grown man woman, stand up tall and say what you think   i respect people who can say what they think rather than some1 being 2-faced   i hope <propfemale> leads you to the worst and dehibilitating disease "
"cranky   monster migraine, so text, email, or message at your own risk "
"anyone want to massage my head to help get rid of my headache   not that head   well maybe, it might help   lmao"
i effin hate insomnia 
gd it!  the migraines are pissing me off!
not looking forward to working today night
i'm bored   *starts dancing around in his whitey tighties*
woohoo!!! i can now stalk someone new    i mean i now have a new friend   *whistles and looks around innocently*
"damn!!!  i need a starbuck's frapp, time to go to qt "
"headache is killing me, damn meds haven't worked yet and its been over an hour   grrr   "
argh busy day: picking up some supplies for work; have 3 employee evals to do; and get to drive all over the damn metro area 
"taking <propfemale> and aiden to the magic house for livi's b-day tomorrow   i don't know who is going to have more fun, them or me    lol"
time to head back to work  oh yea oh yea
argh i fucking hate people!  i so need to get drunk!!!
kids had a blast at magic house and spending time with their grandma
"if you have a blonde moment and no one's around, do you have to admit to it?"
getting ready to play candyland with livi
"quote of the day annoyed \a lifetime of cleverness can be interrupted by moments of stupidity \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,wish i didn't have to work and could be at <propfemale>'s christmas program at school
<propfemale> me on <propfemale>chat! at id:- the new cross-platform messenger for iphone android blackberry!
"i'm so excited, i get to drive from east <propmale> to <propmale> for work   *yes that was sarcasim*"
"waiting to hear from parents about dad's doc appointment, to see when he has surgery "
"quote of the day annoyed \you can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"my rant of the day: this goes to the c*** at the gas station listening to my cell conversation    according to the constitution that this wonderful country is founded upon, it gives me the right to free speech; it does not give you the fucking right to be offended   take your bull shit and shove back down in that pie hole   cause it looks like you obviously know which hole the pie goes "
i'm <propfemale> effin tired but can't sleep!!!! i hate insomnia
"please tell me its christmas already!  hate short work weeks, cause they crawl by <propfemale> damn slowly "
"quote of the day annoyed \life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"to everyone traveling this weekend, be safe    remember for christmas i take cash or gift cards   or nude pics, wearing <propfemale> hats or just stockings   lol"
argh!  i'm about to go crazy with boredom 
"its 620am, wtf!  y are my kids awake, its not christmas day   now then asking me to cook eggs, biscuits and gravy!  what am i a bed and breakfest?  lol"
"just did christmas <propfemale> dinner, and kids got to open their presents at home   next is tomorrow at papa and <propfemale>'s house for the rest of the spoiling "
"<propfemale> christmas, or whatever holiday u worship or whatever "
"so looking forward to driving in the shitty weather tomorrow morning to take kids my parents   god why do they have to live in bfe, aka high ridge "
"is there any bar open christmas night, so i can escape the family?  lol   i have a feeling i might need to get drunk   call me nostradamus   lmao"
"if anyone is bored such as i, hit me up on fb chat or text me, # on profile"
woohoo!!! about to finish work for the day  *does airwalk dance*
season 4 of californication started last night   hell yeah!!!!
"woke up sick   grrr!!!  i have to much to do for work this week   why this week?  why not next week, or never   fml!"
"argh, i feel more like hell swarmed over today   i hate being sick, plus <propfemale> has been throwing up since 6am   my poor little girl "
finally home   time for cold meds and pass out   here i come oblivion!!
i need a drink or keg 
anyone wanna go get drunk wit me?
rant of the day: i hate people who tell ya something and then do not follow through   don't waste my f***ing time by telling me something and not hold up your end of the deal   why do i even waste my time with people!!!
"i feel really bad, because aiden is now sick with what i had   poor little man"
general mood for today: blah
livi is still awake   i guess time to put the smack down on the wii to my 6 y o   she needs to learn that daddy is the best   lol
"quote of the day annoyed \you know very well that i no longer think  i am far too intelligent for that \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"this was the runner-up quote of the day annoyed \the truest splendors are not in outward things"," but in ourselves \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,will i ever get rid of this fucking cold?  argh!
<propfirst> has to pee  he wanted the world to know  lol
"quote of the day annoyed \no amount of money can make others speak well of you behind your back\""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"love nighttime cold meds, time for bed"
"quote of the day annoyed \power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"rant of the day: if you are going to ask for my advice, do not get pissed if you do not agree with my 3rd-party(or objective) point of view   i am going to tell ya what you need to do, not what you want to hear   remember, fucktard, you asked me   you went out of your way to call me and asked for my advice   i really hate people sometimes!"
have i mentioned how much i hate people?
mood for the day: argh!!!  i know very eloquent 
"quote of the day annoyed \my way of joking is to tell the truth  it's the funniest joke in the world \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,nothing is more frustrating than to get paid and have over 60% of your check gone before you even leave your house   is it even worth the depression?  y can't i be a woman and be on welfare and just pop babies out for a living  lmao
"why in bloody hell would a doctor try and prescribe an anti-anxiety and then an anti-depressant  wouldn't that put you right where you started, except with a drug problem?  or still fucked up with shitty side effects from the meds?  and i pay you how much to give shitty advice?  it's like paying a therapist  lol"
"*singing* i need 199 bottles of beer lined up on wall, i need 199 bottles of beer lined up on the wall  i'll drink one down and screw you not passing it around  now i  have 198 bottles of beer on the wall "
i need 4 dozen drinks and a keg or 2
"quote of the day annoyed \the perfect pleasure: money is neither fattening nor immoral nor illegal \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"quote of the day annoyed \girls are so queer you never know what they mean  they say no when they mean yes"," and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it\""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,dad's pancreatic surgery is postponed   had heart cath today and found blockage in front part of heart   has to get shunt thursday 
"been feeing lazy last 4 days and haven't shaved   now i'm looking like grizzly adams   argh, time to shave "
"is misery loves company, then why r u always alone?"
grrr   too much going on   i need to get away!  i need to go out for a drink or 2   any1 up for it?
"no school for the little demons tomorrow  now if i can just make it home i'll be good  thank god i've got a 2,000+ lbs car and 4wd, lotta traction  only the other fucktards driving scares me  come on people, this isn't not the first time you've driven in snow  grr    "
"my dad had the shunt placed in his heart this morning  all is going fine, but has to put up with the hospital food tonight   gets released some time tomorrow morning "
"if the person who plows my subdivision makes another great wall of <propfemale> again i will shoot someone   i've shoveled(twice) my driveway and down into the street(so i don't have to run over that massive mound wall)   especially when the last time i did it, he drove by and waved at me   fuck you whitey!!!!  *devolves into mumbling about honkies crackers trailer-park-whores*"
im so bored that i'd enjoy watching paint dry or grass grow 
my dad is on his way home from hospital   shunt is in and all seems to be fine 
"quote of the day annoyed \the words of truth are simple \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"my rant of the day:  if you feel like you need to lie to me, then don't talk to me  i will always find out in the end   you will eventually screw up and contradict yourself   i don't have a need to lie, most i will do is become very vague   most of the time i will cut straight to the point and tell you how it is  so don't waste my time, i have more important things to do than shovel your bull shit out of my way "
grrr   i hate insomnia   have a feeling i will be up very late   have a feeling the kids will be way too early 
"quote of the day annoyed \when your opponent is drowning"," throw the son of a bitch an anvil \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,grr   
laptop has gone bye-bye   i get a new laptop   woohooo!!!!  my nerd cock is fully aroused 
"i need to go out sometime soon, like friday or saturday "
"just made the most amazing brunch   southwestern country omelet   make a normal country omelet, ham and shredded potatoes, cook it like normal omelet   then top it with a black bean salsa and sour cream   the black bean salsa is: black beans, corn, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, red onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic cloves, italian salad dressing, chili powder, hot pepper sauce, and sweet red pepper "
"my new laptop was bought today, but don't get it till saturday   woohoo!!!!  *does dance in excitement f new toy*"
"quote of the day annoyed \all changes are more or less tinged with melancholy"," for what we are leaving behind is part of ourselves \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i so need to go out drinking!
i was just told i am morally ambiguous   lmao 
i get my new laptop tomorrow   super stoked
i'm thinking about shaving my head bald again
"why can't my son leave me alone for 20 mins of \daddy\"" time   frustrated man over here!!!  lmfao"""
"quote of the day annoyed \man is a question; woman is an answer  the mistake women make today is to offer themselves as answers before being questioned \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i hate ironing shirts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone who has been trying to get a hold of my on my personal cell   sprint and i are in a disagreement about my <propmale>   so you can reach me on work cell   636-575-7547
"i need something to do, work is boring me   any suggestions?  preferably that has or involves alcohol  lmao"
not enough sleep  time to get ready to take kids to their mami and papa's  i then get my new laptop   it's got an intel i3 processor(2 58ghz) 4 gb of ram and 500 gb solid state hard drive  yes i know i'm a nerd  lol
"quote of the day annoyed \you are foolish"," but without fools there would be no wisdom \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i am just about done setting up my new laptop   woohoo!!!  now i can get around to enjoying it   my nerd cock is fully erect!!! lmfao
\i'm afraid to be alone\,148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,\i dont really know who i really am\,148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,\take my hand let's go,\148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,\i remember brown eyes,\148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,\i look alive\,148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,i really fucking hate insomnia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grrrrr     frustrated today 
"people, if your scared to drive in this weather   then don't fucking drive!!!!  my bit ass suv will drive right over you, and no i won't stop to make your sure your alive  i will consider it thinning out the genetic pool "
"i hate being \snowed in   i have cabin fever already and ready to strangle the kids """
i am so fucking bored!!!!!!!!!!
i'm officially bored enough to run outside and do a naked snow angel   any1 wanna join?  or warm me up?  lmao
cute kid moment: aiden is watching the original batman tv show and singing the batman song   lol
*starts counting sheep   is now hungry for some veal*
woohoo!!!  2 of my 11 buildings are closed   9 more to go   i soooooo hope the rest are closed so i can have 2 days off in a row 
"quote of the day annoyed \i don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"argh, i am <propfemale> bored tonight at work   nothing like driving from east <propmale>, il to creve couer then to earth city  i hate driving so damn much "
"quote of the day annoyed \he who tip-toes cannot stand; he who strides cannot walk \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,a little over 1 month away is mardi gras   wooohhooo!!!!!  show me the boobies!!
"quote of the day annoyed \choose a job you love"," and you will never have to work a day in your life \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,grrr   work us boring the hell out of me 
argh!!
"dear lottery, when you decide to pull your head out of your ass   please let me know so i can cash your ass and get a new life   lol"
"quotes of the day annoyed \no one ever discovers the depths of his own loneliness \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,super bowl sunday and i didn't make any plans   how pathetic is my life?
"can't wait till friday(payday), so i can get my tickets to the point party tent at mardi gras"
"quote of the day annoyed \all changes are more or less tinged with melancholy"," for what we are leaving behind is part of ourselves \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,grr   i think i'm getting the stomach flu that the kids had 
"it's official, papa bear has the stomach flu   now i know how shitty the kids felt last week "
papa bear is now wishing he would come home and find goldilocks in his bed   i'd do some nasty things to her   anyone wanna put on a blond wig and come over?  lmao
"quote of the day annoyed \only one thing has to matter for everything to matter \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"quote of the day annoyed \people here are funny  they work so hard at living"," they forget how to live \""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"i am on strike!  fuck valentines day   women get their b-day, valentines day, and mother's day   us men get father's day(to those who it applies) and our b-day, and all we get is ties or socks, and if lucky get boxers    wow, who is getting the better deal?  hmm   "
stressed!
"stomach flu earlier this week, and now its a sinus infection   fml!  i can't win "
heads up to anyone who has my personal cell #   it will be changing within the week   i'll post it when i change it 
i need a drink or 40 
"really digging \sell your soul\"" by hollywood undead tonight """
i hope everyone has a good vd today 
"march 14 is guys equivalent of v-day, steak and bj day  oh yeah!!!!  lol"
"got my new phone, message me  and i'll send ya new number"
is going to chinese buffet for dinner tonight   yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!
broken by seether featuring <propfemale> <propfirst>
kids are staying with my parents till monday!!!  woohhoo!!!!!
can't wait to get off work 
woohhooo!!!!  i have rest of night off and tomorrow!  gotta love bosses who give you your b-day off when you didn't ask for it off   bring on the alcohol!!!!  lol
"if i could get by with going through the rest of my life without dealing with people   i would so fucking do it   people piss me the fuck off, by wasting my time!"
"how sad is my life, its my b-day and i don't have $ to go out and celebrate   fml"
is it friday yet?
i wish i was at a bar right now 
i hate fucking drama   if want drama i'll watch general hospital   i need more stress as much as i need an rectal exam with the doc using sandpaper rather than gloves
i need several dozen drinks
yo hoho and 3 bottles of rum 
"yo ho ho(no not talking to some of u girls) and 12 barrels of rum, is what i'm needing tonight "
time to go get oil change and then barnes and <propmale> to get a book   yes isn't my life exciting!
argh have to be in bed in a couple hours   420am is going to come waayyyy to early   dad id having his surgery tomorrow morning   oh yeah!
at hospital waiting for dad to head back for surgery
"dad is still recovery from surgery   will be in icu for at least tonight   any1 trying to reach me on my 636#, it is dead so email me or text call my 314#"
"dad is still in icu, will be getting a regular room sometime today "
"dad is moving to a \normal\"" hospital room  so no icu!  things looking good"""
"dad is in the area that is a step down from icu   doing ok, but still in pain and is doing the only thing he can   rest   no idea when he will be out of hospital "
"dad is doing as e playful ected, fine   don't know when he will be out of the hospital   going up tonight to see him for a little bit "
is thinking of going to hot shots in fenton for swim suit lingerie contest with woody and riz(the point)
woohhooo!!!! federal income tax came in today   *does little dance*
"at hot shots in fenton for guys night with the point   oh yeah, bikini and lingerie contest   i live women with no self-respect   lol"
anyone going to mardi gras tomorrow?
"at hospital with dad, had a rough night last night and a rough day today "
"starting work, lucky me another 10+ hour day "
half way through with my night   would rather be at the bar working my way through a keg
yank my crank!
"good joke i just heard  annoyed \how much cocaine did <propfirst> sheen do?  enough to kill 2 and a half men \"""""
"too much going on in the next 48 hours   when will i get to sleep?  time for no-doze, or 10 5-hour energy drinks   keep the defib paddles warmed up   lol"
grr!!!!  says it all 
getting ready to head up to hospital and spend evening with dad   secondary bonus is i don't have to work tonight 
"i heard about this thing that is a large square fluffy thing called a bed   i also heard that on that thing called a bed, is rectangular goose feather filled things called pillows   the shocking thing is that i heard you lay down on them, and do this activity called sleep   what an absurd idea this \sleep\"" thing is """
"i need copious amount of alcohol and sleep, in that order "
"next person who pinches me for not wearing green, is gonna get bitch pimp smacked   i'm <propfemale>, i don't need to wear green you fucktards   i'm green through and through, and not because of the green infection in my crotch either"
time for a mofo nap 
"i'm not motivated tonight, so i am <propfemale> not feeling it at work  who's got the alcohol?"
"would it bad to punch someone who is obviously not <propfemale>, when they tell me happy st  paddy's day?  two separate people, 1 was of latin descent and the other was asian  u r not fucking <propfemale>, u dumb fucktards, so quit acting like u r u aa flunkys  you will not see me celebrating cinco de mayo, cause i'm too fucking white, and obviously not mexican  grrr   i hate people!!"
son of a bitch!!!!!!!!!!  i hate insomnia!!!
wtf!!  i slept for less than 2 hours and now i have been awake for 3 hours and no end in sight   grrrr!!!!!
"spent all night saturday(till sunday morning at 8am) with my dad at the hospital   things are not looking so good, wondering if he will even make it out of the hospital at this point "
argh!!!  i hate when work brings me to <propmale> area  too long of a gd drive 
"after tonight, i have rest of the week off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  woohoo me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"quote of the day annoyed \no one can make you feel inferior without your consent \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"woohoo, i have tonight off!!!!  *does his <propfemale> jig*"
sshhhh!!!!  i see fucktards!!!
"call 911, cause i'm about to go on a rant   people need to swallow rat poison and \thin the herd\"""""
going to hospital to see dad   hope dont get snowed in there 
"sob!!!!  insomnia has been killing me last 2 weeks+   maybe i should become an alcoholic, then maybe i could pass out and sleep "
at hospital with dad   i'm bored!!!  anyone wanna keep me company ya can text me
"i am excited, sis is coming back to visit   i can't wait to see my older lil sis and my nephews   oh, and my bro-in-law   lol"
i am <propfemale> considering getting a tat <propfemale>n
"time to go wash the car   anyone wanna come help me?  ya got to wear a bikini though   no i will not be wearing one, i haven't shaved my nipple or ass "
"if my kids don't quit playing with my shoes, and losing them, i'm gonna <propfemale> them up by their toes on the laundry line and beat them like a rug during spring cleaning "
i am told women are good at multi-tasking   the facts that i use to dispute this is the following: women can't drive and talk on the cell; walk and chew gum; and cook dinner and do laundry   the first one is what started this tirade   lol
how are you to spank a monkey when it flings poo at you?
i need some alcohol
i am bored enough to run up and down the street in my whitey tighties
"quote of the day annoyed \but time growing old teaches all things \""\",148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,argh!  time to shave head and face   shower time! *does imitation of mc hammer dance heading towards the shower*
"i am <propfemale> excited, my big(well she's actually littler than me)sis is in town visiting till saturday   i get to see my nephews also!"
"i wanna go see the movie \sucker punch\"""""
"heard this quote and found it very intriguing annoyed \if you don't stand for something"," then you'll fall for anything\""\"148ae6c97255907bd8706759f7addcea,"woohoo, i just increased the the speed of my laptop   i had 4gb ram, now with the micro sd card it adds 14gb to readyboost   nice to click on a program and it instantly opens with virtually no lag time   my inner nerd has such a hard-on right now   lol"
i am <propfemale> sick of politicians   get the gd budget passed 
