d114c09e56b80a1d22f7cfa1dcab37b8
is of the opinion that essays should write themselves   
"every man builds his world in his own image  he has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice  -- ayn rand"
is frustrated with her independent studys; but is feeling much better about that ee   
be not simply good - be good for something  -- <propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau
has an engagement shoot tonight  nervous 
got a photograph in the fair!
"fact: cherokee warriors were required to purify their spirit after warfare, or they would not be allowed to rejoin society  there is something to be learned from that idea   "
is researching majors [[medical illustration]] 
got her license today 
"is going to drake to finish her ee tomorrow, anyone interested in joining me?"
is off to work    unfortunately! (wish i could be outside in the amazing weather!)
got a new job 
is photographing a wedding today 
got a puppy  what should i name him?
got an award tonight at the <propmale> center
missed sleeping in this morning
had a good day  : )
feels the pain of application essay procrastination   
is over the word count (850 words)   : (
"does not want to venture out into the cold, cold world (to gather information about a man with a cold, cold heart)   "
had a really good run tonight (even with the cold)!
"-- tok, you are not a friend    but a fiend   "
"\i can't believe that we would lie in our graves wondering if we had spent our living days well  i can't believe that we would lie in our graves dreaming of things that we might have been \"" (i'm a little addicted to dmb today   )"""
"believes that size of mess created is directly proportional to artistic genius (or hopes, i made my first rubber mold today )"
"is struggling to focus  i want to be rid of stalin (history ia), but then again so did russia in 1932    and that resulted in the purges : ("
thank goodness prodictivity is a relative term ; )
it was a day for finishing things   
"took the political compass quiz, and is in the dead center of the spectrum  (that proves it--i'm a mess of contradictions)"
there is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it (birthday present to myself   )
tried to make coffee w o the grounds   it's been that kind of a weekend  annoyed 
is uttering audible sounds again   
focusing could be an issue tonight   
"conciencia es limitada, prespective es eterna"
just discovered a <propmale> scholarship essay contest and could not be happier
"signed a housing contract, finally "
recieved a ib diploma and a 7 in <propmale> 
"got her housing assignment today, a single in friley  i can't believe i got it after signing so late!"
"misses her car, which is in the shop for the week  ;  "
discovered she might be a morning person 
starts training at the iowa state daily tomorrow!
isu photo training- anyone have story ideas?
want your picture in the daily? i'm documenting move in  let me know when and where if your interested 
is buying the adobe design suite today! then 'shopping and uploading photowalk awesomeness 
is importing all of the franz <propmale> cds that the isu library owns    i  love  college   
"thank you, <propfemale> bonney , for helping me make my deadline and some wonderful images all in the same night!"
morning rock out session with the white stripes   
"must get a feature photo, now  wish me luck   "
here's to old friends  i had a great time destressing with @<propfirst> shipley and @<propfemale> morrison  love you guys!
it's friday  period 
octagon <propmale> fest    i think so!
"monday, you were not kind to me  time for chocolate ice cream and house  : )"
"spent dsn183 analyzing photos, it was a relaxing hour "
photoshoot and wanton soup    it was a good night!
i must drive to ames now  and go to the studio    ugh 
and @<propfemale> mackay have decided that success is best measured in espresso machines 
i really shouldn't leave my facebook open at the daily 8 )
"is cold  oh, how i wish they would turn the heat on in friley! i've had to resort to studying in bed "
"farve set a career record, 446 passing yards  not bad "
<s>discussion< s>
you know you go to the cafe too much when the have your order memorized : )
"dsn 183, because studying architectual history and urban planning is the best way to spend a saturday night    "
one down! : )
"dear night labs, i haven't missed you "
