e05f5a231143aee02420c188745a1832
pace picante sauce
is watching gore movies 
cop and a half!
bein gay 
dank
everyone went to bedd
wants to do something exciting 
"life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high, cause you never know when you're gonna go "
"for one month, i am not doing anythingggggg "
loves the cocks 
you have the world in the palm of your hand 
is watching stepbrothers 
"mainland divide's first show is at vino's on monday, january 4th with victory records' before there was <propfemale>  come out and chill!"
 smile 
"as the structure fails, i'll pray for the fall out, for i am what i create  as the embers rise, i'll be at the bottom  when it all comes down, i'll <propfemale> the weight of the world "
"if i can choose it's only you  but how could i miscalculate, perfect eyes will have perfect aim  if i can choose its only you "
i love morrissey 
feels great 
needs new tubes 
biggie smalls biggie smalls biggie smalls
dynomitee 
"this is an environment of welcoming, and you should just get the hell outta here "
"i'm gonna get to the bottom of this  gonna peel back my skin, and look at myself shaking and shiverinngggg "
rip tank
anything can happen in a split second  things like this make you appreciate life a little more 
is watching religulous 
myspace com mainlanddivide
gore
"if i have to die, if i must die, i must inspire while i live  let us at last praise the colonizers of dreams "
raise your flag to the wolves 
anyone in conway need a roommate?
betch
good burger 
the world is full of passions 
"winding road and wrong turns  with the flip of a coin your hopes come crashing down  there will come a day when our hands are open, holding one another's worries  dry your eyes  you're not alone "
the most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking 
put that in your pipe and smoke it
since the beginning of time 'twas written in the stones that one day a band would come  well that band has come and now they are here to come again in your ear pussies 
go buy the new horse the band album 
<propmale> tenenbaums!
you're adorable 
almost got blown away walking to his car 
sick beats
the suffering of many is the wealth of a few 
too legit to quit
happy anniversary babe!  smile 
is sleeping veryyy well tonight   smile 
"this heart remains free from the burden of love, yet this heart will be sustained  no hope  no compassion  i fill my heart with strength "
passed outtttt 
can't wait for things to really start happening 
this shit is the shitttt
"standing against the odds to take back what they took  some fight with stones, some fight with guns but instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook "
is enjoying his day off with his girl 
the wrong kid died!
until your heart stops
needs someone to take his shift tomorrow night so he can see shai hulud 
really wants to be at juanitas right now 
tireddddd as fuckk 
life is good 
big effin snow!
princesssss   smile 
needs to get out of here
is having a good <propfirst>'s day 
how much longer can we take beauty for granted?
mwah
perpetually awake
is watching the running man  awnulddd!
shutter island was the shit 
i really hope this isn't as real as people get 
jesus was probably an awkward teenager  big jew fro  bad at sports 
"above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it "
play with passion and heart 
behold this day  it is yours to make 
oh snap  circa survive in two days 
needs an apartment!
doesn't feel goodd 
heyyyyyyy gurrrrrrrrr
durka!
alien zombies!
"bubbles is the best character in a movie, ever "
you must have chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing <propfemale> 
"it's a half-man, half-bear, and half-pig "
celebration!
can we cast our shadows alone in the dark?
is moving in with <propmale> and <propfirst>!
<propfirst> party wii
22 boyee!
thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday today  i love you all!  smile 
finished this effin' term paper  boo yaw 
summertimeeeee
moved into his new house today   smile 
goodbye dio  screw cancer 
tubular!
i love my girlfriend  she made me deeneerrrrr 
not at riverfest 
i love life 
i want about 4 fans blowing on my face right now 
off work today  have tickets for deftones 
<propmale> <propmale> soothes the soul 
"if it makes you less sad, i will die by your hand"
"thinks that of all the people in the world, all the countless men women and children i have met and all the characters imagined throughout history, there is one that stands out as being the most outstanding, brave, passionate, sexy and interesting people would have to be my dear, dear friend <propmale>  he is a god among men "
@ the conservatory in okc seeing <propfemale> 
heyyyy gurrrr
crime in stereo broke up 
going to work till 11 
i want to start playing shows again like no other  should be soon!
i need a haircut 
"it's get-ting bet-ter all the ti-i-ime  betterrr, betterrrr, beeeeeettterrrrrr "
we have a new puppy! its a puggle!
hasn't gone swimming all summer  i need to swim 
gaw  i'm the worst at waking uppp 
going to see deftones in two days  one of the only bands i've been into since i was 12 
work until 10
my car has no cd player now  listening to the radio is an awful e playful erience 
deftones and baroness were so amazing 
has to work till 11  no party time for <propfirst> 
watching <propfirst> rock 
loves <propfirst> hatcher more than anything 
band practice!
bane and tui on thursday  feelin' it 
finally saw bane  crazy awesome 
wants to see machete so bad 
work until 10    
macgruber
darkest hour  <propfirst>  december 4th  going 
i just served <propfirst> <propfirst> adams at my starbucks 
tokyo zombie!
watching magnum force  <propmale> eastwood is still a badass  murder by death tonight 
i'm so stoked to be going to good shows again  bane and murder by death both in less than a month  the bled and letlive soon  thanks to <propfemale> <propfirst>!
just got a <propmale> flat  im stuck i 30 on the way to class  sweet 
earlyyy morning band practice 
watching the wizard of oz 
some dankkk
<propfirst> norton's sweet in everything 
fight fair is so lame 
nine months with my babe   smile 
the bled and letlive owned  great show 
buy me a fender jazzmaster 
zombies everywhere!
"class, then some band practice with the dudes!"
i love all of my friends more than anything  there is nothing that can change that 
lots of poo in jackass this time around  3d poo 
"life is good  love my girl, my friends, and my family   smile "
"watching heroes, season one  i love my girlfriend "
everyone have a happy halloween!
municipal waste tonight!
waffle housee
so i have internet again! netflix!
i'm thinking about selling my esp mh-1000  any takers?
"\true friendship can afford true knowledge  it does not depend on darkness and ignorance \"""""
trainwreck
selling more gear  i have an esp mh 1000 for $575 and an peavey triple x for $450 
happy thanksgiving! going to work     annoyed 
my brand new fender jazzmaster came in today   smile 
shaved  rip beard 
band practice!
winter break!
watching highlander 
sekisui with <propfirst>! true grit later 
happy one year anniversary with my girlfriend <propfirst>! i love you!
band practice! working on song 11! hopefully getting my vox ac30 soon!
igibon!
2010 had so many good albums  listening to volumes now  look them up 
stuck at work   
i made it home!
we started recording in our practice space today  sounding really good  can't wait to put some new material out!
moving into my new apartment!
no work for a week! thursday in <propfirst> tomorrow!
"thursday was amazing  a skylit drive, or whatever, was probably the worst band i've ever seen "
trackin some bass with wolfe!
8am class agh  recording later 
shai hulud coming to hi-tone in february? boominnn
i got approved to graduate!
trackin drums!
the wronng kid died!
"happy <propfirst>'s day to my baby, <propfirst> hatcher! i love you!"
listening to the new glassjaw ep  and drooling 
glassjaw was beyond anything last night  so worth it  working till 11 
off work for three days! starting guitar tracks for the new mainland divide full length tomorrow  stoked!
got <propfemale> of <propfemale> takeout and bought the cure trilogy dvd  nice day  smile 
someone decided to be a sweetheart today and hit my car and then run  sucks for them cuz i know who did it  suckers 
my <propfemale> is my best friend  i love her 
hate this losing an hour stuff  watching trailer park boys 
everyone go watch catfish  its crazy 
"we're number 13 on the reverbnation alternative charts for little rock, ar  www reverbnation com mainlanddivide"
new defeater is so good 
i need to get my sleeve done   
recording final guitar tracks for new record  can't wait to get this done!
pools just need to open up already 
"you know, evil dead ii might be the greatest movie ever made "
just woke up  <propfirst> hatcher looks adorable sleeping  netflixin yeahhh 
my girlfriend wants <propfirst> swift tickets soooooo badddddd 
go check out my band mainland divide! we're about to release our first full-length album and we're really stoked about it 
"the new thursday album leaked  it's freaking ridiculous, best thing they've released in years "
my second home is the freezer at starbucks in maumelle 
so  <propfemale> <propfirst> deserves many awards because she's amazing and converge is coming here  boom 
watching the entire nightmare on elm street series on my day off 
i graduate in 3 weeks!
band practice!
mainland divide mixing is almost done  just a little more time    
i be 23!
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i have the best friends ever! love you all   smile 
does anyone else have a last fm?
everyone please be careful 
waffle house with my boo 
done with school forever! time to get on the open road!
graduating!
just chillin' all day and loving it 
i wish i could go see terror tonight 
workinng 
my laptop has finally bit the dust  100 bucks to recover all my stuff at best buy 
watching some old twilight zone 
maybe 7th street sometime this week for some work  at practice now gearing up for some shows!
work till 11  lemme make yo drink!
red dead redemption
signed up for gamefly!
today is hot as poop  wish my apartment pool had water in it 
black <propfemale> seriously killed it tonight  fun times 
late night x files
happy birthday to my bro keegan doan! 21 maynee!
the carrier and former thieves were great 
i'm tired of uca screwing me 
"hey everyone! go \like\"" my band mainland divide and suggest us to all your friends! greatly appreciated """
my poor car is in the shop yet again  $1000 down   sad 
rush is freaking coming to <propfirst> in september  i need to shell out some money somehow 
happy father's day to all the dads out there that really make a difference 
i want <propfirst> dunn back 
watching the thing 
rock for light
"damn, this heat sucks  i'm melting "
much needed haircut
netflix all night 
gettin sno cones!
dead space 2 like a mf
there's been two fires in my apartment complex in 12 hours  somethin's fishy  and it's hot as hell  band practice  shabang 
i really want to play a damn show  put my band on your show 
dead  space  2 
watching double dragon 
underoath and stray from the path were soliddd 
i wanna see horrible bosses so bad 
<propfirst>'s couch is now my fortress 
<propfemale> the friendships you have with others 
tracking some guitar and drums
i want to see a different city every single day  the road seriously calls to me 
watching pandorum  i strongly dislike <propfirst> quaid 
yesss  off work for two days  live it up 
up all night long 
"really nice day to swim  alas, no pool "
band practice  no ac 
almost 2am  up 
"my band, mainland divide, is playing our first show in over a year at rev room next wednesday the 3rd  come and support!"
vagabond
getting a new computer finally  tired of not being able to listen to any music i have
never ever go to firestone  they will screw you 
nothing to do wednesday night? go to the rev room around 9   my band is playing our first show in a long time  we'll be playing songs off our new album 
off work for two days  blisss 
tiredd  early band practice 
i drink your milkshake 
i cannot remember a hotter summer than this  this is crazy 
i have become such a cat guy  i want a <propfemale> 
i think my car ac just died  eff 
playing at the rev tonight! come out and be friends  smile 
"other than slicing my thumb wide open 2 <propfemale> before playing out set, we had a great night! thanks to everyone who came out tonight, we really appreciate it  be sure to catch us at downtown music hall with touche amore on the 17th "
yeah  so i have to be at work in 3 hours  not gonna sleep 
took a 4 hour nap  feel soooo much better 
latee night  so excited to go to work today   annoyed 
rain!
i have independence and freedom once again and it feels great 
i can't believe im gonna be a dad    
guys  i'm not a freaking dad  hell no  i hate you <propfemale> hope lol 
set up the new band house today  looks sweet 
it's been far too long since i've gotten a tattoo  this arm needs to get finished  three new ideas coming my way 
professional vagabond to the <propmale> 
i have some badass friends 
hey
up
thunder
whyyyy am i awake right now?
i would love to hop in bed right about now 
man time to the extreme  extreeeme 
mmm batcha sayyy
"work today, then off the next two dayss   smile  playing with touche amore on wednesday!"
people are sooooo small 
playing at downtown tomorrow! come out!
downtown music tonight   7 bucks at 7pm  don't miss out on touche amore and some great arkansas bands 
thank so much to everyone that came out tonight  show was great 
freedom is in the air   smile  finally 
they allllll floatt
"i know i need to sleep, but it's so hard for me to feel like it most of the time "
alrightt   off to work 
i can't tell you how happy i'll be when i reach a bed 
come see me at work today  i make your milkshake 
my milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard 
"attention starbucks supervisors: i really need someone to work just 4 hours for me saturday night  if you are far away, i will pay for your gas  please help "
"the year of the tiger, war chief, & mainland divide @ stickyz! saturday at 9pm  only 5 bucks  come <propfemale> out with us!"
too early 
band practice
my last class ever at uca is human sexuality online  they decided to slip me a fast one and tell me i have one class left to graduate  who'd have known? thanks uca 
you can see the stars out here 
good night 
tomorrow night my band mainland divide is playing with our friends the year of the tiger at stickyz rock n' roll chicken shack  doors at 9  5 bucks  come <propfemale> out 
well damnn 
show was great tonight  thanks to those that came out  really appreciate it  waffle housee now 
"playing at soundstage in conway on wednesday, come <propfemale> out "
"don't trust anyone, for real "
i am so glad i'm off for the next two days  i feel kind of energized right now 
"dismiss me as a peasant, an imbecile, a drone  that's fine to me, you're just another creature on a throne  you'll never be the man i am, i'll never be what you are  kill me like a coward, you do it from afar "
conway! my band mainland divide is playing at soundstage tomorrow night  show starts at 8  come <propfemale> out!
just finished playing soccer with the guys and a workout ball  nice day 
"playing at soundstage tonight in conway! doors at 7, 5 bucks "
i am tired 
woke up from a nice nap  now i don't know what to do 
"at maubucks, working until close  lemme make yo milkshake!"
you're my boo thang?
"another day, another dollar "
i think i'm gonna get tatted next week  couple of things i think i should just get all at once 
"dude, metallica rules  used to rule "
do not bring your mom to get a job 
super <propfirst>
ehhh the <propfirst> broke down on the side of the roadd  annoyed 
watching friday after next  up 
"\for small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love\""  - <propfirst> sagan"""
i'm cold 
just got off work  the day is beautiful 
tattedd upp   smile 
self-preservation is essential in understanding life  no clue why some people fail to realize this 
raining pretty good right about now  life is netflix 
don't come into my store and smoke some rock in my bathroom 
the dillinger escape plan is coming back to lr  been a little bit  totally stoked 
work tonight  milkshakes and stuff 
still upp 
just relax 
"my band mainland divide is playing at downtown music hall on the 21st of october for the benefit show for <propfirst> griffin  plan on coming out to this, all door money goes to <propfirst>  other bands playing are godcity destroyers, amore, fallen empire, and wishtribe (official) "
nachos lemonheads my dad's boat
i'm coldd 
"so, i may need a roommate until the end of january  its a 2 bed 2 bath, about 450 each with utilities  hit me up if you're interested "
nothing is ever as stressful as it seems  i don't think life should ever be taken so seriously 
"my diet is composed of rice, bean burritos, and veggie burgers  livin' easy  smile "
unbelievably nocturnal 
space cadet
i hate the dentist 
recording 
rev tonight 
i just floated home for the night  i made it though  thumbs up 
at the touch of love everyone becomes a poet 
got off work  bored 
"if you can't rap, please don't "
i wanna watch macgruber right now 
still a space cadet 
workin' for the money 
wub wub wub wub
most likely not sleeping tonight 
happy time
i could pass out right about now 
recordin' some fiddle
seeing circa survive on saturday  off all weekend  smile 
next friday my band mainland divide is playing the benefit show for *<propfirst> griffin - bartender @ dtm*  come out! all door money goes to <propfirst> plus 20% of everything at bar food 
circa survive tonight!
circa survive totally killed it  great day 
"you were raised with money, i was raised with love  they're looking down on us but it's me who is above "
watching evil dead ii 
groundskeeper <propfirst> is one of the best characters out of any show ever 
"tomorrow night my band mainland divide is playing at downtown music hall with godcity destroyers, amore, fallen empire and others  doors are at 7pm, 10 bucks, and all money from the door and 20% of bar go to benefit <propfirst> griffin, a bartender at downtown  come out! show's gonna be a good time "
playing tonight at downtown! everyone come out to support a good cause 
thanks everyone who came out tonight! show was a lot of fun and a great success!
so stoked about dillinger escape plan tomorrow night 
mind is blown  dillinger was amazing 
former thieves tonight 
guess i need some butterfly wings   
shorts and flipflops fo life
my boobs are so sore  i guess it's just that time of the month   
fun night 
house show at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s tonight  i'm the guy in the butterfly wings lol 
post show waffle house
my vox isn't broken  whew 
watching the blob 
tuff
affleck you da bomb in phantoms yo
nothing beats revolving your entire life around something you're completely passionate about 
 smile 
mimosas at rev!
i am glad i have many people in my life that i can count on  life is good  smiling is nice  pma 
i hope it's normal to like it wet 
"playing at downtown music tonight! doors at 8, 6 bucks "
off for two days  overjoyed  netflix 
get biiiiiiiigggg
"mainland divide is playing at revolution food and music with the young maths next wednesday  5 bucks if you're 21 and up, 8 if not  this is gonna be a solid show, don't miss out!"
"go check out my band mainland divide and like our <propfemale>  you can download all our music for free at mainlanddivide bandcamp com  we're playing at reno's tomorrow night, and at the rev room on wednesday night  check it out "
tuffest crew <propfemale>
playing at reno's argenta cafe tonight  come and <propfemale> out 
