26ab0ad6fbf0832373cbe844959a80e7
"well, today was really weird   "
is back from camping   good timess
whats on my mind? u decide      playful 
has m i a  stuck in her head    
just finished reading the bestest book ever that she was reading for 3 hours strait! she is sorta sad that the book is over now  sad 
only 2 more days till mexico!!!!!!! cant wait!!
is stuck at the san <propmale> airport    hopefully not till 9 tho     
is missin' mexico and hope all of ya guys going to creationfest have a big bunch of funn!
its a lovely day to go skimboarding!!  smile 
computers are reallly hurtful sometimes    
oww still has that cut from the computer      oww
is luvin' the weather!! and hopes it stays like this for awhile!  love 
is having a hard time thinking right now    but its summer so i dont have to!   smile 
is going to see a movie and going shopping with her cousin!!
tucker turned 11 today!!!!! woop woop!  laugh 
is surounded by blankes and in her favorite pajama bottoms on her big cofty couch    life is good!
issss chillin' at bcf
tucker is a dork!!!
uggg brothers       
i declare that i officially despise braces!!!
"is listening to her brother talk to himself about some dumb video game   he's saying; \kill the bad guys!\"" or \"" he's loaded with bombs!\"" and \""whoa awesome\"" tucker is defiently a 11 year old boy  """
is whatching my fair lady  its a great movie!
stuuuuuuupppppiiiidddd computer being slow!
magical 
"doesnt know what to write     and is still contiplating if that is a good answer for \ what is on your mind\""    ugg"""
ha  mom is in a frantic trying to find the remote   haha mom   
"is going to spend tuck's last day before school walking around, finally finding who his teacher is, and getting his hair trimmed  "
tucker had his first day of school today!
want to be in her creative zen but sadly isnt feeling it    sad 
really didnt want to be up this early     ohh well      smile 
got back from church!  laugh 
is tired     goodnight peeps   ugg first day of school tomorrow! funtabulous  
"is finished with todays school work, done with chores, and is listening to the radio    life is good    smile "
just finished jogging in semiahmoo and feels good   once she got home she had cookies and milk    funny how that works   laugh 
is feeling languorous today  
if i were good i wear a cape too    ;p
is tired   (sigh)     annoyed 
really wants a big huge cookie!!!
 indecision 
"ha, tucker ran into the wall, not on purpose   ahh that was <propfemale> funny "
guess what? its mah birthday!   laugh 
is happy that it is <propfemale> now   smile 
whats on your mind? let me know     smile 
youth group thingy today!  smile 
is spacey       playful  blahh
is gunna read her book      laugh 
i really do love <propfemale>     smile 
has weezer stuck in her head   smile 
can't wait for the office tonight!   smile 
is done babysitting    the little girl wanted me to go to the wiggles concert with her and her dad   but i declined   it was sooo depressing! she looked like she was going to cry! then i told her i would go next time   lol
"<propfemale> is coming soon!! she is the most coolest 4 year old <propfemale>!! she has pink hair and calls me tootie   (when i first met her she saw me run and she told tucker \i didnt know tootie could run!\"" thats how i got my name) lalalala! cant wait!"""
<propfemale> is here!!  laugh 
thinks she going to read and then do school in awhile    ugh school sucks!!  annoyed 
is listening to music!!  love  happy time!
isnt feeling so well   annoyed 
"bye bye <propmale>! i'll miss ya <propfemale> much! :,("
"i sorta feel bad for muffins cuz everyone says that muffins are ugly cupcakes, im pretty sure that makes muffins have low self esteem or a lil' sad   don't be sad muffins!! i  dont think ur ugly!!!  playful "
done with school   now going to fold the laundry   annoyed 
"ohh jeez why am i <propfemale> mad at everyone?!  i just want to hit someone with a big huge book! ha! and the book will say, \how to control your anger\"" ha! thats very ironic! arg! ahhhh! i hate mood swings!!! ahh arg!"""
mah room is clean!! oh! guess what? i decorated my room some more too!  laugh 
is listening to some more weird music!  playful 
its pouring down rain! i just want to go outside and splash around in the puddles!! i love the rain!
its <propfemale> now!
ehhhh its not <propfemale> anymore  
hahaha!! i found the saftey glasses!!!!
youth group soon!  smile 
ugh    why this morning? why couldn't tucker be annoying and obnoxious tomorrow?
yawn! im tired   going to go to bed   goodnight everybody   ugh big day tommorrow  
sorta understand live feed and news feed but its still sudden   why does facebook always change things randomly?
going to go to the dance tonight!  smile 
<propfemale> juice    love 
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind  - dr  suess    love "
i dream of a better place where chickens can cross the road without their motives questioned  
going to eat oatmeal  smile   then i have to do homework and then babysitting    annoyed 
tucker is super stressed about his friends halloween partay tonight  its really funny! he gets ooper nervous and asks <propfemale> many questions and when u dont answer fast enough he freaks out even more!
went outside a few minutes ago! i love this weather!!  laugh 
guess what?! its halloween!!  laugh 
im bored   super duper bored   i dont know what to dooooo     ughhh today has been really realllyyyy slow    ugh   sad 
ahhhhh when i answered the phone a lady said hi <propfemale> and kept on talking i had to tell her it was <propfemale>'s daughter and i gave the phone to my mom    this happend before! do i really sound like my mother?
i got vanilla twilight by owl city stuck in my head  smile 
i gots some skittles and mulah!!  laugh 
when you fall into a bottomless pit you die of starvation  
dang    i wish it was friday already    this week has been super slow     sad 
its <propfemale> <propfemale> outside! i love this type of weather! its so fun to run in!  laugh 
has jem and the holograms theme song stuck in my head   i love that show!
is eatin' ramen and is listening to my weird music!  love   smile 
"which is better, apple jacks or fruit loops?"
ok   new question   what's your favorite dum dum flavor?
today was so off  it was really weird   annoyed  oh! one more check-up and i won't need braces anymore!  laugh 
really wants to watch the nightmare before christmas   i love that movie!
"forget and not slow down by relient k, is a really good song   smile "
sang for worship practice again!  laugh  a few more practices and i'm going to be singing for church service!  laugh 
lock-in tonight!  laugh  cant wait!
god is awesome! the way he controls the weather is so incredible!
had <propfemale> much fun at the lock in but is really really tired  
it's freezing    burrr   why does it have to be sooo <propfemale>    sad 
is in love with m&ms  
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then left click and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works"
"ahaha school is done, chores done, room clean, and done babysitting   yusss      laugh "
today is friday!  laugh 
just got done making erasers and shrinky dinks with tucker for his class trade fair   
i love the sound of music!  laugh 
ehhhh i hate mondays   
has nothing to say   
"happy, happy, happy thanksgiving!!   may your tummy's be full by the end of the night!  laugh "
ahhh   delicious dinner topped off with pumpkin pie and peppermint ice cream   ohhh im <propfemale> stuffed!  laugh 
room is clean again   yus! now going to read a wrinkle in time in my comfy chair     laugh 
blahhh     playful 
i really want it snow 
how many seashells did <propfemale> sell by the seashore?
"listening to hawk <propmale>, relient k, switchfoot, ect  on pandora!  laugh "
ugh   tucker gives me a headache  
"ahh, it's <propfemale> outside!  laugh "
"\like oh my grawsh gals!\""       ahhhh  it's <propfemale> fun to say!    ahhaaha"""
when <propfirst> swift sang a song about <propmale> and <propfemale> did she know how the story ended? it wasn't a great ending  people died in the process 
google is pretty amazing   
oh wow  tomorrow is going to be a long day  waking up early to drive to portland  fun fun 
snow   laugh 
ugh i hate the slushy snow on the road  it makes me feel depressed that the snow is slowly going away   sad 
"arg! went to the orthodontist to see when i'll get my braces off, but instead they decided that i need to have another brace somewhere and i'm going to have to wear rubber-bands again but somewhere totally different in my mouth! i seriously think that i'm going to my grave with braces on my teeth! i hate it!"
got bored so i'm going to have purple hair again     > playful 
ahh! i'm so happy! i won't be bored 'cause i get books to read!  laugh          i feel like such a nerd   smile 
babysitting   kids watching veggietales  
tomorrow is christmas <propfemale> and then after that is    guess what? christmas day!!  laugh 
"you know when its almost christmas when you wake up to christmas songs in your head, wondering if your brother will like the thing you got him, how are you going to make it through your crazy family christmas party, and you start singing o holy night, and joy to the word randomly   laugh "
now listening to christmas music on pandora!  laugh 
church candlelight service soon    smile 
hopes everyone has a great christmas!!
"got a bunch of books, new relient k and stellar kart music, and a new camera!  laugh "
listening to relient k's forget and not slow down album  it's super good   smile 
hangin' with my cuz <propfemale>  curses <propfemale>!! theres an x on the door and it hit my head! haha  playful 
you have been hacked by <propfemale> eastwood!! watcha got to say about that???
after i'm done doing to dishes i'm going to change into comfy clothes and eat something good and read  
reading all day and then listen to music the best 
"relaxing  finished my book  it was really really good  hopefully i'll be able to buy the third, fourth, and fifth books of the series with the gift card i got from barnes and <propmale> today  oh how i love books!  smile "
i like the whatever you like by <propfemale> <propfemale> wayyy better than the other version 
"goodbye 2009  this year had a lot of ups and downs  i bet all of us had some weird e playful eriences, happy days, a horrible week, but all in all this year made us all learn something  whatever that something might be, i hope we have a awesome new year! hello 2010!  smile "
listening to my cds coco made  i'm now addicted to it!
yawn     
making cupcakes!  laugh 
"¡u?op ?p?sdn bu????? ?,? ¿???? ss?nb <-"
oh the irony! ahhh    smile 
"last night i lay in bed looking up in the stars and the sky and i thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling "
so think real slow don't forget that yes is yes and no is no  about the way you want to go  cause i may forget the way to get back home  this is the end if you want it 
"before criticizing someone, walk a mile in their shoes  so, when you do criticize them, you're a mile away and have their shoes "
i love it when you wake up feeling refreshed and notice that you got out of bed around 11  best feeling ever!
muhahaha! finally got the welcome to the black parade album by my chemical romance on my computer so i can listen to it  yush  
decided to save up money now   ahh i feel so frugal!
keep on having songs from the 70s and 80s in my head   laugh 
yay! it's friday!!  laugh 
"so tucker doesn't have school, that means i get to watch him  oh joy   playful "
"i love how i wake up and my room is this pretty shade of blue because of my curtains  then i pull the curtains back, and my room brighter than before   smile  ahh  i love it  "
dang   my facebook changed  it's so weird!  annoyed 
"today was a really weird day  not as in haha funny weird  more like when you get the feeling that you've been abducted by aliens and put you on a alternate universe weird  i don't know if any of you people that are reading this ever had that feeling, but still it's a pretty weird feeling "
"babysitting tucker  he's such a nerd  he's watching <propfemale> wars episode 3  he watch episode 2 yestuday and the day before that episode 1  <propfemale> wars is good, but the first three episode aren't as great as episodes 4, 5 and 6  episode 5 is the best out of them all  ha, did you know that on wikianswers com there is a <propfemale> wars movies catagory? i'm glad that there are nerds like me out there    smile "
"why does coffee smell sooo good, but taste sooo bad?"
is it just enough for you to breathe? i'm begging  is it not enough to just have me?       is it just enough for you to be? i'm trying  and where i go you will follow   
aggg   <propfemale> irritated    sad 
"little kids were playing outside this morning   they were yelling and shrieking and making a bunch of noise  somehow i thought it was summer because in the summer, all the kids play outside early in the morning  then, i went back to reality and remembered that it's still february  sigh    sad "
wants to know what is on facebook's mind   
"do you have a rocket ship potter? you know, not all of us inherited enough money to buy out nasa when our parents died!"
"just wrote a really awesome satus, and was about to post it and bask in eternal <propfemale> and such only to find out that it was too long  i am now very dissapointed and quite depressed  no eternal <propfemale> today i guess   sad "
"you're so careless, why can't you smile  that's behind us  i've walked that mile  these dark moments can take a tole on me, please don't think i'll act so cowardly "
"today i was doing schoolwork (how joyous right?)  while doing my homework ( thats funny because i'm homeschooled  playful  ), i was listening to some music  feeling somewhat distracted ( i would stop for a second to listen to the lyrics) i turned off my music and started working on social studies  while doing so, i felt sooo bored and kept on stoping to do something else  it turns out i work so much better with music   laugh "
ladedadeda! ladedadeda! whats the name of that song!?
"chewing gum  chewing gum is so gross, chewing gum i hate the most "
"oh, what if all the raindrops were lollipops and gumdrops, oh what a rain it would be! standing outside with my tounge open wide nah nah nah nah nah nah nah! oh what a rain it would be!"
"which is better, pears or peaches?"
no more braces for me!! they are finally off! i think it has been almost three years since i've had them   wow    laugh 
oooooh! i hear thunder! i love this weather!  laugh 
it's not really smart to run into walls all the time  ow  my head hurts   annoyed 
may the 4th be with you  
has a mix of the shins and my chemical romance stuck in my head   put them together and it sounds really cool   
"ha, just remembered that my 88 year old grandma called me a sexy babe yesturday    that doesn't happen often    playful "
"i have <propfemale> little craters all over my legs  it's gross and cool at the same time  if you're super duper white and burn, i suggest sunblock    playful "
<propmale> go make some popcorn!! > playful 
got my sketch pad and new pencils today!  laugh   laugh 
happy birthday tucker!! stop getting older!!!  playful 
cried sooo much watching a korean movie! it was so depressing and so good at the same time! ah! i'm still snotty and teary eyed after the movie 
parents    their dorks  tch   (shakes head back and fourth)
oh the power of words   > laugh  muahahaha    
huzah! i finally changed my profile picture! > laugh 
guess who got advance proficiency on her msp test? me!!!  laugh 
got a new cell!  laugh 
aww shucks guys   i feel so loved! tehe thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile   love 
i think i'm addicted to music    
rip <propmale> <propmale>    definitely pray for his family   it's so sad    crying    crying   crying 
ugh    youngsters these days   (shaking head in disapproval) sigh 
"\because words hurt more than physical violence   \"" > smile """
"i was on a website and i was looking a something someone typed out, and i thought it was in another language  i was somewhat confused and had to put my eyes closer to screen to see if it was actually in <propmale> (like i thought)  turns out someone was typing in text  ooooh silly me    "
"blue ocean, blue ocean, blue ocean  just breathe in, aaaaand out  blue ocean    "
oh the irony   
"i have no idea what to say to my fellow facebookers   i guess i could say i have veggitale songs stuck in my head, or the fact that i have a weird obession of wearing big huge headphones even though i'm not listening to music, buuuuuuuut, i have no clue    goodness i'm weird   "
sometimes i pretend to have the force     if only i had stronger midi-chlorians and jedi prowess  that would be freaking uh-mazing!
what's on my mind at the moment? bleeeehhh    just bleeeeehh   playful 
"i told myself i would never do this   sigh   okay,  if you \like\"" my status i will tell you:1) something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 \",26ab0ad6fbf0832373cbe844959a80e7,"once again, i have nothing better to say then bleeehhhh  it has now become a frequent word i say  i'm not sure if this is good, bad, or just       blehhhhh    playful "
oooh! i feel so much better talking to shaunea and <propfemale>! i also had a blast with <propfemale>! don't you love it when you feel totally uplifted? i know i sure do! i just wanna praise the lord almightly ya know?  laugh 
"just fell in love with the song \sink or swim\"" by the fold  it's so good!  laugh """
roar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! > surprise 
it smells like teen spirit   
writing  thats what i be doing     playful 
happy veteran's day! thanks to those who served for our country!  laugh 
i just can't think of anything to say    this seems to be happening a lot  hmmm   
"the weather is acting bipolar, why can't it just make up its mind and snow already?!"
"please\put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by \dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know, \they breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they\have already been eaten by dragons, 6% of people are sitting in the \shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome \and will repost this     laugh "
"listening to led zeppelin while ripping pink <propmale>, fleetwood <propmale>, skid row, <propfemale> <propfirst>, and the older <propfemale> songs to my computer  oh yeah, i'm totally in love with this music   laugh "
"my mom knitted me some home<propfemale>de fingerless gloves today  that's cool and all, except the part where there was a right handed gloves instead of a left handed glove   thanks <propfemale>, but i'm not some weirdo with two right hands   > playful      hehe"
happy thanksgiving everbody!!  laugh 
a lot of weird indie songs keep crawling up in my mind  those little songs keep on controlling me to hum along with their tune  it's like a musical brainwash    (-_-)
"whaaaaaaaat? i mean, like really? it's just    egad     ehhhggg    i just can't seem to understand <propfirst> bieber lovers and haters    it's just, ehhhh, i can't twist my mind around that topic   this is seriously damaging my brain   ha ha"
"changeyour fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
"don't you love it when you listen to one of your favorite songs that you haven't listened to in awhile? the song gets more amazing, and i get all happy and excited!!  laugh "
"oh my goodness! oh my goodness!  laugh  it's here its here its here!!!!! oh, and the new facebook profile is weird    haha"
a sudden rush of tiredness just hit me   noooooooooo     annoyed \
"i throw my skittles in the air sometimes, saying ayo, taste the rainbow     playful "
"thank goodness for google, mapquest, and pandora    haha"
it's funny how i know most of the lyrics to the songs playing on the 80's playlist on pandora  i'm just special like that   laugh 
"i keep on having really weird dreams lately    today's dream involved a girl i haven't talked to in years asking me to go to a lights concert with her, but this boy who i barely knew told me she was crazy so i turned her down  this all happened in a car at a walmart parking lot at night  weird huh? haha"
"mom, i'm quite sorry that you never thought of putting me into a beauty pageant when i was younger, but that does not mean that you can throw me into one of those things now! i don't want you to start acting like a stage mom, and seriously? me, the slightly awkward girl posing in front of weirdos? no thank you  you can fantasize all you want, but please keep it to yourself  you're scaring me a bit   "
we got our puppy today! she is so adorable and cute!  laugh 
"sometimes i wish i was a bear, because i would be able to eat a bunch and then sleep it off for the whole winter  no one would judge for the excess amount of food and sleep, because dude! i'm a huge ferocious bear    roar    haha"
singing hey nonny na na na na   
ob-la-di    ob-la-da
"i'm polymerized tree sap and you're an inorganic adhesive, so whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns to its original trajectory and adheres to you    laugh "
"copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ? for cryin' out loud, don't forget the hearts!"
brrr   
eating large amounts of slimy noodles with my hands makes me feel rebelious    muahaha   
