dedb645e928a22c61cc2f51af5ff612b
so happy i got to spend new years <propfemale> with my baby smile  i love rjjjjjjjj love ! happy new year <propfemale>ryone!
?happy fourth of july?
computer and cell both need to be fi laugh =[ wont have either for at least a week heart-broken  
getn ready then goneeeee smile 
just got home  got to see people i missed smile   i love rj  peace love 
feel you love tonight????
just got home  notha awesome day with my love smile 
my phone makes me angrier than words can e playful ress  i absolutely hate it 
tired  baby tommorow in the am love  then packing
vagina  love 
dammit rj 
i love naked females  laugh 
upset   
working stuff out smile 
happy halloween love 
best  halloween  ever 
so tired 
8675309  love   smile 
hates 8 <propfemale> pointless papers -_-
so flipping angry all the hot waters gone 
shannons birfday smile  family then work=[
field trip tommorow love 
just finished work  more application stuff  f life 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ydiax3umtcs
so happy love 
home sick annoyed 
still sick=[
great day  bad last 20-30minutes  i love <propfirst> <propfirst> noebels love  night 
hungry  day with rj love 
this nights a perfect shade of dark blue love 
its still not ok 
out the door just in time head down the four o five gotta meet the new boss by 8am love 
its christmas eve love ! mad busy  annoyed 
<propfemale> christmasssssss love 333333
borreeedddd shower then work
sick again=[
and my my my it's a beautiful world love 
scrubs is canceled? =[
had such a happy new year love 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed qlcf-1wuia&feature=related come on babbeee love 
hates school and cleaning 
black  wink 
got accepted into uconnnnnn!!!!  love  yayyyyy! awewsome day smile 
its almost my babys birthday love !! yay smile 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rizw9hxyzlg
sposed to <propfemale> out with people  dont have my phone  dont know theyre phone <propfirst>  fuck?
shower then work -_-
mega stressed about college=[
i need you here with me cause love is all we need love 
but iiiiiiiiiiiii! i love it when you give me things  and yoooouuuu! you want to give me wedding rings love 
exhausted and exasperated 
"when in love, everyday is beautiful, you can step in dog shit and get rained on and still go to bed greatful and immensly happy for the day love "
bored=p
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=k2cywfq--nw
hello seattle love !
snow day!!!!!  love !!!!!
work on a snow day rocks
no work love !!!
okay  we have off of school  stop goddamn snowing
at camp sunshie smile 
loves camp sunshine     no leaving=[
shutter island was absolutely amazing love !! way better than the antichrist  playful   love 
as our world grows more chaotic with each passing day i take solace in you love  for always being there
at <propfirst> grossman's houseeee smile 
well you treat me just like another stranger  well its nice to meet you so i guess ill go  ill just be on my way now  ignorance is your new best friend?
wants everything to work out heart-broken 
staying home with my sick sister bye love 
loves the hell out of being irish love 
happy smile   love 
maybe cleaning my room?  playful 
breakfast skating then out smile  peace love 
babys home today ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh love 
happy easter smile 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uq3tjuuvc64&feature=related absolutely awesome love ! cant wait to bake for my baby <propmale>  laugh  yay!
cannot wait for summer!  love 
career day tomorrow  smile  yayyyy!
too many completely amazing things to look forward to love ! so immensely happy smile 
so much work to do     
tommorow ahh ^-^
omg maybe im almost done?       nope  no im not  yayyy       ? almost our relationships first birthday smile 
best year ever with the best boyfriend ever love  night
two is better than one  love 
sonic later love ! yayyyy!!!
torn between wanting to get the hell out of here and desperately wanting to stay heart-broken 
happy love 
done bumming it love ! work later at 5 smile 
i need a car  i cant freaking take this anymore 
so i have orientation thursday  thanks for the notice? lol whatever love  uconnnn!!
connecticut today!!!! 5 day weekend? hellllllll yea love 
i absolutely love my college love  soooo  happppyyyyyy love 3333!
prommmmmm on fridayyyy love !!! yay smile 
"how heavy are these words? they're heavier than air\that rushes past your face as you drive away from me again heart-broken "
proms over lol        so when do we graduate?
i said i wish that we could stay here but i fear our time has come and we can ride out in the darkness chasing the rising sun we gotta pack our bags this instant we're heading south-bound to the next town and if we arrive there so safely baby you can lay me down     love 
so maybe ill be e playful erienced enough to drive to jeremys in 3 years 
annoyed  stressful day at work  ugh 
no more school  smile 
turns out i dont have work? cool  lol
"work then partaayyy love \excited smile "
lol so much for the party  oh well still was fun smile 
bumming a ride to work  i love not having a car love 
grossed the fuck out 
bbq then work smile 
happy independence day!!! and 14 months love  byeee
working out  then out with family i guess   love 
bored  drawing singing and yoga love  yay!
day two without a phone  where is ittttt!!!!! ugh heart-broken 
omg  my eye burns so bad  cant sleep  omg 
i found my phone!! omg yayy!!!!!! yayyyyyyy!!!!!!!
just got dicked out of 15 bucks 
beach love 
grad party! peace love 
still up     lol coffee does work 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ya8vto1yxog
shower shopping and hopefully out with rj love 
lbi love  hopefully with baby    
with <propfirst> goddard yayyyyyyyy love 
green day concert smile 
loves rj noebels
at <propfirst> grossman's!! happy birthday bestie love 
upset  just super upset 
out with rj love 
i'm a beautiful person  laugh 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=v_dzzwwyp_4&feature=related
painting and singing love 
is going to miss rj noebels inexorably
still not packed    ? but college on friday!! i cant wait love 
uconn in the am   bye nj love 
lovin college love 
5 <propfemale> essays sorority stuff and parties  hi college
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=cbu4jp9jpry&feature=related
i am hungry exhausted poor and happy all at the same time 
wants to watch scrubs with rj noebels love 
i dont even know 
birthday money just made a normal day spectacular
feels absolutely sick 
just had the best weekend since the start of college love 
can things turn around now please?
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tlfcfkyuqm0\\lipsync tonigghht smile "
fiiiiirsstttt love 
uconnnnn 38-21  love 
1 year 5 months  love 
i like it under my bed
"why do i have to write 10 pages on death?\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ecxzaaaz5zi"
omigosh the paper is over  thank youuu  weekend  love !
why the fuck is my computer playing music when my itunes isnt open  why the fuck 
hi all nighter
thanks for the happy birthdays!! i had so much fun i love you all love 
so much for working on that paper    
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ywtmyjtnbm8  love 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wlrjy8ie9sc
can't see the cows cause its so foggy out     
give me chocolate or i'll cut you 
tonighhttt! alima presents: beats for the bayou!! come be entertained and help the victims of the oil spill! su theater 6 smile 0!! freeeee love 
great show guyssss love 
one year and a half of bliss love  i love you rj noebels
poweroutage is finalllly over love !
forrrr the umpteenth time   
first snow fall     hi ct!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=h72c10eeo_8
is resident of the month  what  a  joke 
nauseous with anticipation and soooo haapppyyyy love !!! ahh!
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=h72c10eeo_8\i think of my baby every time i hear this song love !! i cant wait to see youuu rj noebels!!"
christmas time in 302 smile 
with the love of my lifeee love 
miss you already   
headache=[
i just want fall breakkkkkkk ahhhhh!!!!
jersey bounnndddd  love  ahhh!
hanging out with <propfirst> goddard i missed you sooo muchhhh!!! ahhh yayyy!
happy thanksgiving love 
already cant wait to see her debonair boyfriend in 2 weeks love 
literally feels like doing absolutely nothing 
soooo  about this paper 
peace out responsibility  hi chocolate 
rawrr
snow!
i literally cannot take anymore stress 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=-ruofuq7soe  love 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=puwcyttyzz4\\    hi finals  ?"
watching the <propmale> finale instead of studying   
oh i love you shelma turlias!!!  i can't wait to see you hunnn love !!
whoever started the fire at 5 in the goddamn morning  i swear to god i better not meet you 
youtube lets you play snake while the video is loading   im never getting work done again 
packing love  studying for my last final  everything worked out im so happy love 
i want to quote <propmale> burnham in a paper 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=x4lpccvpxxw  love 
this snow  is ridiculous 
exhausted  up til 5  ughhh    mall  peace love 
seriously? woke up for nothing 
hate hate hate being trapped in my houseeee heart-broken 
had so much funnn love  cant wait for tomorrow!!
why cant i sleeeeeeppppppp ugh
yay for being woken up at 8 smile 0 
i  love  pandora  oh  and rj noebels had a great 20 months love 
just  so stressed out 
bye nj love 
just got back from a snow filled day around campus love 
just found out my philosophy book is on spark notes  thank  god 
happy birthday baby love 
"just won a 22\ flat screen tv!??!?!?!?!"""
