b60ea3475b6a16066d06afe480786c56
is realizing how great sodoku can be to tune out the messy facets of life---like becoming privy to some of the sadder home-lifes of the kids i tutor and the fact that i did not win the internship at the performing arts center 
is ecstatic for her 24th birthday!
"is going out to olvera street for her birthday! replete with taquitos, shopping and some surprises   smile "
is gearing up for her (unfortunately) last week of elementary school tutoring (through arc anyway)   
wants to do what must be done to work with an international children's rights organization 
began the arduous application process to serve in the peace corps
applying for the peace corps is a definite time-commitment! it's uber thorough!
"is becoming more feminist  i'm upset how female empowerment is mocked, female power is distorted and female contribution is tolerated with amusement  i love all you men still but i'm becoming more defensive of my sex and how they're treated "
"do not go gentle into that good night \old age should burn and rave at close of day \rage, rage against the dying of the light \       ---<propmale> <propfirst>"
"is anxious, joyful, relieved and tired  i finally submitted everything i needed for my peace corps application  fifteen pages of actual application, plus three recommendations (thanks you guys!), two essays and an in-depth health review application  whew  now to bed!"
red
has a more managable number of kids to work with   18 instead of 25! this makes running my classroom during homework hour much better!
had her interview with johann my peace corps recruiter last week  he called today and said he was going through with my nomination to be a public elementary school teacher in eastern europe leaving early june 2011 
is coming home for the week of thanksgiving to <propfemale> out with her brothers! <propfemale> and heather   that means you too!
is hurt because she did something to her trapezius muscle (very large and important!) and now it hurts in every which way   sad 
is better! turns out i was suffering from a compressed rib and so deep lower rib muscle strain ensued    deep like inside the ribcage  had an adjustment and am mostly better!
<propmale> and <propfemale> are my favorites 
is looking forward to a long week winding down 
had so much fun today!
"i would love to see you again at christmas! we need to build on that amazing time together more  i miss you, my good friend   smile "
feels it's time to update her status but is unsure about what has been newsworthy 
"had an amazing time home for christmas and am so happy that <propfirst> got to come along too  i love you mom, dad, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, benjie!"
lets see how creative my facebook friends are  leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word and not copy   that's no fun!  smile 
loves arrested development!
"really should up new pictures, i got a new haircut and everything    "
