1fcc7c3ddec08fae111f1ed7cdb15abb
"things are falling right into place, it feels like home here  life's good and i love my family and friends, new and old, all of ya!!!"
"i am sooo tired, hi my name is <propmale>, and i work in a bullet factory    thats no bullshit   oh and today is my monday and friday ha ha ha"
happy turkey day all!!!  this is our first thanksgiving together and that is something i am most thankful for 
12 below 0 and thats not including the wind chill fuckin cooooold!!!!
"i think this may be true!! as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all your friends asap "
"very <propfemale> christmas to all of my friends and family, i hope you have a wonderful day and loving memories you will <propfemale> always!!!!"
24 hours without a cig    i'm feelin pretty good     fuck fuck fuck fuck    sorry
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? i pray for the cure of cancer  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
yep
has been smoke free for a month today!!! woo hoo!!! feelin great and lookin good  ha ha ha!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"happy valentines day to all, hope yours is full of love!!!"
"hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio, stereo the way you move ain't fair, ya know hey soul sister  i don't wanna miss  a single thing you do  tonight"
"fyi--nasty fb virus going around,        if fb says you're not logged in and asks you to reset your password   dont! log out and log in the usual way with your normal password!!!!!!!!! copy and paste this please  please don't ignore this message !!!"
"is wondering why when someone is hungry they look in the refrigerator, but nothing appeals to them, but five minutes later the go back hoping for something new   "
i can't stand crap like this!!!! wtf!!! why do we put our faith into insignificant chain letters for fear of bad luck???  this annoys me!!!   fyi  
"so     we bought a $1 00 scratch ticket today     yea, we won $500 00!!! oh, yea!!!!"
"its almost 10pm, time to go to work    yay for graveyards!!"
loves his ladies!!!!
we have children going to bed without  eating      elderly going without needed medicines      mentally ill  without treatment      troops without proper equipment      yet we  donate millions to other countries before helping our own first        99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this !!!!!! will  you????
"attention !!!!!!!!!!do not join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\"" this is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos!!!!!!! please copy & paste this to your status and pass it round       before someone's photos are used inappropriately """
"is sooooo tired, time for bed, night night!!"
"yard sale today, yay!!!"
"my little girl turns 6 today, i can't believe how much she is growing up   you won't find a father more proud than i   happy birthday <propfemale>, i love you with all of my heart!!!!!       i just can't believe     6 already      enjoy the moments you have while you have them, because before you know it life gets away from you   family first always!!!!"
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl, 3  yrs old picked up by man driving grey car, license plate: quebec 72b  381  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is  recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your  child    what would you want people to do? it doesn't matter how far  away you live"
"struggles are required in order to survive  in life because in order to appreciate standing up, you gotta know what  falling down is like "
"meena, i'm sorry   i need to tell you something important, and you won't like it   i'm gay "
you know how i know your gay???
time for a good nights sleep with the woman i love   
good morning facebook
"happy mothers day to all of you wonderfuly great moms out there, i would put in names, but there are just too dang many of you!!!!"
"graveyards suck       just keep swimming, just keep swimming     "
"<propfirst>, we're going to <propfemale> mountain     come on <propfirst>    <propfemale> mountain   "
"lmao!!!!                  go to your profile\ <propfemale> and scroll all the way to the bottom  on the bottom left corner\ in little blue letters,click \english us\"" when the language selection\",1fcc7c3ddec08fae111f1ed7cdb15abb,"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the \united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it \stands surprise ne nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice \for all  repost if you think our country and our flag deserve \respect! let's see howmany <propfemale>ns will repost"
"i am <propfemale> proud of my daughter, on the way home from school, she recited the pledge of alegience perfectly    makes me happy to know it is still being taught in some schools "
\first," he told me his wife was sick\""--\"1fcc7c3ddec08fae111f1ed7cdb15abb,off to work i go     gggrrrrrrrrrgraveyards     
"a firefighter is missing their family while caring\ for yours  in the minute it took you to read this; firefighters all\ over the world are saving lives  it's firefighter appreciation week    repost\ if you are a firefighter, love a firefighter or appreciate a \firefighter!"
hmmmmm     
"one eyed, one horned, flyin purple people eater   "
how do you wake up lady gaga??
fifteen days!!!!!
"sooooo        i just found out that i have the next four days off, this is due to the fact that the building i work in e playful loded, literally     yea no one was injured and i was not there, but the question is     do i still have a job to go to??"
time to clean!!!!!
3 8 days untill <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!  woooo hoooo!!!!!!
"packing, packing, packing, packing, packing, packing, packing, packing, packing    packing, \packing, packing, packing, packing      sucks!!!!"
we almost have the 24' truck packed tight and ready to go the 1500 mile trek from oregon to colorado     fun fun fun!!!
"sooo    tired    just a little bit left to pack, then we will be hittin the road!! \but sleep comes first  "
"it's gonna rain tomorrow on i-80, and could possibly be windy    grrrrrr!!!! hey, at least we made it to little <propfemale>, wy   "
"well, we've decided to make it to rawlins, wy today, its only two hours from little <propfemale>, and with gusts up to 40 mph, it might take us 3 hours, but safely   "
we're here!!!!!!!!!
today was a great friday the 13th   oh yea!!!
getting ready to have girls night with meena and becca   i can't wait!  we are gonna have margaritas and paint eachother's toenails   omg and they are gonna give me a cucumber <propfemale> mayo facial !!! i am the luckiest guy ever!! i can't wait!!
squirrel       
get to the choppa if you want to live     iuguigeugiiaaa (<propmale>)
i bought the cutest pink underwears ever!  they have little ariels (little mermaid) on them! they make my butt look fantabulous!!!!!
"just took <propfemale> to her first rockies game, we had a blast, and we won!!!!!!!  yeah rockies!!!!!!  and yes she had peanuts and cracker jacks!!"
"t-minus\ 8 hours and counting       infest 2010     disturbed, avenged \sevenfold, stone sour, hailstorm, hell yeah, and many more!!!!!!!!!!!!"
off to the concert!!!!!!!!!!!
"stone sour, avenged sevenfold, and disturbed put on one hell of a concert totally frikin awesome     right now      totally frikin tired    lol\totally frikin worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
off to durango tomorrow     yea baby!!!!
off to little d-town        yeah!
we are eating dinner at serious texas tonight   will post a time later  point being you can come and see us there  probably around five or six
"holy shit man, just got back from durango, had a blast, definitely a weekend for the record books!!!!  damn good time     thanks guys!!!  especially you magnum    lmao"
blah    
grrrr
blahhhhhhh        sooo tired    
hi
tgit
after monday and tuesday   even the calendar says w t  f 
think happy thoughts     $@#*!
"off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of    blah blah blah     oooooeeeeeoooooh    ooooooooooooh     oooooooeeeeeeoooooh     "
"ninja, ninja, rap   "
well it's my first day workin 9-5     this should be interesting 
just made some of the most bomb pasta from scratch     mmmmm
"any time, any place, and any way you like it   "
just watched toy story 3 with popcorn drinks and everything for under $22 00     that would have bought just the tickets in durango    gotta love <propmale>!!
"wow, bills are paid and we have money left over     thats outstanding, i think i will treat my boss and myself to taste of philly today  mmmmm oh yea!!!"
40 shots o' rum ago thru the good ship ye olde facebook whilst sailin' the seven seas ·
for some reason i can't stop thinkin about my roomie's ass  (and i'm not talkin about meena's)haha
    mmmmmm     doh    
looks like i got hacked again   lmao
"today's \                                message of the day is: life is short, \                                break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, \                                love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never \                                regret anything that made you \                                smile  "
hey now   
wow   go   broncos 
you do not need a parachute to skydive  you only need a parachute  to skydive twice   
happy halloweeen!!
"hello friday, could you tell monday to back off, just for a couple days, thanks!!"
ya jack-wagon  
grrrrr        sad  r i p t-dawg!!! )-:
"the <propfemale> was awesome and red last night for the lunar eclipse, full <propfemale> on the <propfemale> of winter solstice, amazing sight!!!"
did you know there is a fuckersburg in austria   lmao
9
"please copy & paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% of people    won't re-post this  why? because     they probably need a punch in the face!"
lmao  are you living in a box?
finally its over!!!
"getting ready to go boarding at loveland today     haven't been snowboarding for ooooohh, about 10 years    this otta be fun    oh and did i mention that we are going to teach a 6 year old to snowboard    oh yea!!!"
"well, just booked our honeymoon     7 days on the white <propfirst> beaches of cozumel!!! hell yea!!!"
lk;regmn3e;oiujsdfvjeffpowirefncreedenwfnp'[-;0\\9 is a jowifjnuggetjfiwonvu
"so, the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals    i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment  repost if you feel the same!"
