6df0587690b7bd7ef8d3fdeaa799569f
"wtf mother, thanks alot  "
"<propfemale> 174 of 245 in \1984\""   alot better than <propfemale> 33 that i was on last night  """
"35 pages more in 1984   then 53 in pride, prejudice&zombies   oh and come to think of it   statistics project! thing is  i have no idea what i wana do for it  "
my laptop is making funny noises at me > >
made sure i took e-brake off before i drove home from school; yay for non-smoking brakes!
im ready to get more drill on the field; go drumline!!
im ready to get more drill on the field; go drumline!! (lets have drill  this time  playful )
"ready for the game, gets go guys!"
changing the oil and *hopefully* cleaning the windshield  then hw?
"new shocks, new oil    among other things for my truck"
chillin w  d-lo and <propfirst> in davidson tonight
bed inevitably; school tomorrow  yuck
can you please chill ms <propfemale>? jeez   
gotta redo beowulf biopoem   
ugh still doing hw   football game friday night vs west iredell
it be saturday today  laugh 
"weekend already over basically   the fun has passed for today, tomorrow starts the week with a boom *of work to do*"
"excuse me, i must take up my residence at the school now    "
tri-m informational meeting 3:20 pm mrs wagner's room after school on wednesday sept 16th!! if you are interested at all in joining please attend! (if you have questions ask me)
"i have applications for anyone interested in tri-m that wasnt at the meeting; onloy four so please see me at lunch, inn wind, or in the morning  if you want me to hold on eofr you text: [704]-881-4832 (please let me know who it is)"
wish the weekend didnt have to end *sniff*
tired  home   time to relax
insanely tired   ill take the time home from the half day tomorrow to nap   yay half days!
hatin' the minimal inbox space on my phone   
"sick  blah, yuck; hope its not what i think it is  "
"upset about missing practice  annoyed    sorry guys, ill do what i can tomorrow at the game"
ill do my best tomorrow guys
listening to festival wind ensemble music from march
frikkin english       
someone wana do my stat homework for me?
"drumline has all their drill down, what now?!"
chillin' w  d-lo for a couple hours
eyes - with pride!
good day with the exception that we lost the game  valiant effort though team!
tri-m officer meeting during homeroom tomorrow!! chorus room  you guys know who you are  smile 
tri-m dues tomorrow!! $25 check made out to ---> faces
"dud that was the sickest most awesome hs football game and senior night ever  for the people that skipped out left halfway through, sorry you guys missed an epic game  get some!!"
sen10r night 20009 babaaaaaahhhhyyyyy!! 20-18 lnhs wildcats!
going to sleep    like a boss
"my new haircut and all that comes with it be rockin', as well as my sat scores"
"lol gotta love drunks   still scored well in bowling for a 5 game run regardless of the nuisance that was in the <propfirst> to my right    113,121,141,102, and 110  smile "
"wtf is up with facebook setup for adding freinds, pokes etc?! why the hell \fix\"" something that isnt broken??"""
i love how facebook thinks its helpful when you cant do something because the thing you need is half off the screen and you cant get to it because you cant scroll to it    
what a waste of my life
"feeling a bit better, but that was still bawlz"
lets show everyone we have a drive to win; it all starts with where your heart is: if you love being a part of the lnhs marching band and are proud of it and what we are lets hear it!! leave a comment!!
im thinkin' we got jipped yesterday because that was the best performance we've had amnd im so glad and proud of the fact that i was a part of the whole that made that happen!!
yay for putting off my hamlet act 1 project til now lol   done and ready to be turned in tomorrow like it should be  procrastination ftw
i fail to understand why my brother is an inconsiderate tard all the time
hope to see everyone tonight at the vets day concert at 7 surprise 0 in the lnhs auditorium!
thank you to everyone who came to the vets day concert! it went over well and i think overall everyone enjoyed it
thank you to everyone who came to the vets day concert as well as offered to help me out with last minute things! it went over well and i think overall everyone enjoyed it
"gave blood today, not the best thing for my body but i live on, yay"
alot of band stuff saturday  weedkend is going to be mad long but im looking forward to it  laugh 
im sick of the fact that bikers think they rule the road   people in dammn trucks and cars share it too you know!@#
yay for thanksgiving break  smile  grandparents are in town and quite glad they could make it
"pie at 1 am, how sweet is that"
god just for one night i would love to use my own computer@!# the little ass has to start using his for a change
"they dont just say \built ford tought\"" for the hell of it    they really do mean it"""
"they dont just say \built ford tough\"" for the hell of it    they really do mean it"""
covina skyline rocked the streets of davidson tonightttt!; quite awesome; nicely done guys
not been feeling well today   probably wont be tomorrow   sorry if im not exactly agreeable
"ready to kick tail tomorrow at county, wish everyone best of luck; breathe and keep your head on and we will all prevail"
"learned the piano part for \'was the night   \"" for the concert tomorrow  it better be good enough"""
"learned the piano part for \'t'was the night   \""for the concert tomorrow  it better be good enough  """
facebook is being gay once again  cant click on basically anything  ie chat stuff
would love for friday to hurry the hell up < <
shoulder hurts    frikkin piano   those are heavy and rolling them up a carpeted slope doesnt exactly work  
senior skip dayyyyyyyyyy
"most times we forget to thank god for keeping us safe on a daily basis    be thankful every night for having a safe day and remember to thank him when he keeps you safe, even in intense and potentially dangerous situations    thanks god"
i am retarded      wrapped stuff in the wrong paper and just realized it    fml
<propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh 
looking for some bands and songs to listen to guys; suggestions?
just got home from seeing avatar in 3d imax     best movie ever id have to say
"new reworked sound system is my truck sounds <propmale>  grandparents heard it from the end ouf our street, and i was just in the driveway, teehee"
"r i p \the rev\"" - irreplacable drummer"""
happy new years all! lets start it off right!!
"i should be working on my stat project     or like reading for english or something s but no, actually for a change in my life, im practicing < <   my arms are so badly out of shape"
40 people is alot more to question than it seems    anyone wana answer my survey questions for my statistics project?
"i have questioned 18 people out of 40 for my stat project, and i need my data by 2nd tomorrow     anyone wana volunteer like a minute to answer my question[s]? itd be much appreciated"
im pretty lame id have to say   trying to perform super <propfirst> 64 glitches  its not exactly working out but im getting close  
crap im screwed
"winterjam was frikkin insane, for anyone who missed it, im sorry"
"i really need to be working on my statistics project for tomorrow    i have no motivation, so i therefore have no idea how im gona survive the rest of this week   damn project and research paper"
"my research paper rough draft is done! its a piece but i dont care, its done, thats all i care about now"
just need my stats grade to know if im exempt from every exam this semester     cant wait; dont have my physics book and no assignments it seems on blackboard   so screwed in this regard
pretty much everything is done   im still clueless as to what to do on this statistics hw   this blows
wooo no school until next wednesday for me  laugh     the only exception is my online physics class   uhm wtf do i do for that?! balckboard is so confusing
<propfirst> i uploading bowling photos soon as i figure out where the damned upload button is -- just so you know
bowling photos uploaded
i feel like ive gained a couple years due to stress in the past hour - do not transport an instrument that isnt secured!!
"i dont know why im trying out for district or what the point is of going tomorrow if im just going to suck it up  none of my scales have been right today so im basically screwed, as for my solo   well i think you can guess"
owe <propmale> lee-flower buchanan for monday; <propfirst> markham and i are now even -- i cant ever win completely
oh the agony of it all
superbad is on fx  playful 
anyone else having trouble with facebook chat?
i have no idea what to do for my physics labs   im in trouble  < <
"someone please tell me how this makes any sense   : skipped first block cuz i have permission to not come tuesday thursday friday, came in late to 2nd block, was persent in 3rd block as well as 4th block   heres the kicker  somehow i was marked absent from school today   but i was present in 2nd, 3rd and 4th   how does that compute?!?"
shit i just bombed my physics test   
so for this weekends worth of work on the truck i    -replaced the bulbs in the front turn signals and the blinker module and removed the bottom half of the front bumper [plastic part  ] as well as my destroyed grill    for next weekend hopefully i can sand and bondo the hood    as for the front bumper   i have no idea   thats rock solid metal that doesnt wanna budge  
"dear <propfirst>, the office of admissions at appalachin is pleased to inform you of your admission to the freshman class beginning in the fall semester 2010"
"so over the course of the last 2 days ive managed to get like 98% of the bondo down on my hood and it mostly sanded down smooth   its gonna take a hell of alot more time and effort to make it perfect and ready to prime though   on another note - i made gravy for dinner today for the first time, and it was pretty good  laugh  2nd time around anyways  "
"this is great    [not me] today, while trying to pull a nail out of some wood with a crowbar in my theatre class, my girlfriend, who was holding down the wood with her foot, thought it would be funny to move her foot and make me lose my balance  instead, the crowbar flew up and struck me in the nuts  fml"
dennys for a big breakfast in the morning with <propfirst> markham then giving blood at 10 surprise 0 at the school blood drive
"so after giving blood as i went about my day i got progressively more tired   resorted to laying out on our tarp during a break in practice for a few mins but it was quite uncomfortable; oh well, thats what you get for giving blood, but hey, i did just fine this time  smile "
traffic court case got cleared  laugh 
"gona watch thunderball, fun stuff"
"drumline pwned face with a 79 2 for 1st place, <propmale> pwned face in faster drummer competition with 442 in 30 seconds and basketball pwned face, pretty epic night for lnhs"
"grill is in the rebuilding process - got fiberglass and bondo on it, need to sand, prime then paint it; also filled in the bubbles on the hood, sanded, primed, wet-sanded, then primed some more so thats really close to being done   its looking really good  smile "
wind ensemble got straight 1s for all of those who were wondering as well as the concert symphonic band  good job today everybody  smile  on your performance and enduring the long day! great last festival for the seniors
rtofl ive got a fat lip from playing baritone   hopefully its gone tomorrow
"will: \well what were you doing??\"" corey: \""sutton\"" quote of the day!@# roflllllllll"""
im gona be dead this weekend   in more than one way   starting tomorrow the insanity begins
"ok so some of this weekend got worked out   doesnt mean im not still gona be dead and that tomorrow i wont be running around like a chicken with my head cut off [literally running around]   friday afternoon traffic is a bitch on 77, williamson and brawley  "
got my hair done today   fortunately she was running 15 mins or so behind because i was 15 mins late  rofl  i also find it extremely funny that my dad got on the couch and went to work on his laptop then just fell asleep in the middle of what he was doing for like 15 mins  playful 
first place lkn-door percussion with an overall score of 84 65!! im so thankful i had the <propmale> to play and march with such fine musicians for the last [insert the amount of time ive played with you here]  proud to be a part of this ensemble 
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4 sarcastic   5: lovable   6: club head   7: moody   8 smart ass   9 spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13 funny   14: fit 15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute 18: i love u to death! what do you rate me?
oh    shit   
"still needs to pack for disney  not too hard though so its not a concern to me - piano tonight, leaving tomorrow evening for florida  smile "
"effing safari   force quitted from you 6 times today, what is up with this bs? disney tomorrow, wewt  smile "
"thank you to those that helped out tonight with the elementary auditions for our tri-m talent show! we would love to have people who want to participate in music, vocals or dance come on thursday for the high school screenings!"
"going to the midnight premiere of iron man 2 in a little, shweet "
"my eyes are extremely tired as i will be in the morning when i get up  but its ok, because iron man ii was awesome  playful "
"i didnt burn nearly this bad at disney    hurts everywhere, damn sun = =   "
getting ready to go to <propfemale>'s for pictures then off to <propfemale> to eat and for senior prom  joyful 
"my feet and legs hurt, just like every year after prom, but its alright; had a great time getting to <propfemale> with friends and dancing and all that good stuff; now i think its time for bed  goodnight  smile "
"lnhs chorus concert tonight, its all beatles themed and should be a lot of fun! $5 to get in at the door  smile "
"had fun at the concert even though it wasnt perfect, it was a fun laugh, lol"
so after a continuous 1 years of piano lessons im finally finished   its so weird  
so after a continuous 11 years of piano lessons im finally finished   its so weird  
sunfest '10 was a blast! had a great time chillin with friends and enjoying the summer weather
heading up to appstate for my drumline audition today
"home from the audition, think ive got a pretty good <propmale>; im part of the band but not sure what im playing yet; will know within the week"
im extremely excited to know the results from todays audition  i have a good feeling and hope im right  still will be a few days before i know
2 more dayssssssss             2 more dayssssssssss
waiting   waiting     waiting on appstate drumline  waiting on nc state acceptance or denial    waiting on graduation    waiting on summer  waiting     waiting    
after 4 years i finally have finished my last day in high school! on a not so exciting note-i made app marching mountaineers front ensemble  also congratz to <propmale> buchanan on making the 2 bass spot on the battery; i'll be glad to work with a fine percussionist for another year beyond high school 
relay for life shortly then chorus lock in tonight
"sleep on the <propfemale> in the auditorium   not terribly comfortable, lets just leave it at that, lol  had a good time last night though"
who knows what we are suppose to wear under our gown for baccalaureate? if you could let me know asap that would be awesome  smile  thanks
graduation in 2 days!@#%@!#$
i didnt even know half these people in the 2010 senior class existed  
graduation in the morning!!$%^#*#!@!&@%*^*^
"graduates of the senior class of lake <propfirst> high school 2010, the world lays at our feet, its ours to behold now!"
mmm   and since school was out youd think i was done worrying about tests    taking my calculus readiness test for app now
"just finished my calc placement test   got a 14 30; you know, considering i had 30 minutes for 30 calc problems and i havent been in a calc class for 4 semesters now thats pretty good  im not going to be in the lowest math at least"
"driving to michigan for a week tomorrow, brother has all of nc and i get the rest  seeing my cousin abdullah and long time friend <propfemale> <propfemale> matsumoto after almost a decade later on in the week  laugh "
aahhhhh   helloooooooo oxford  smile 
damn jetski   and of course its after abdullah left and when sami and i were together for the first time in 10 years    regardless i had fun sami as i hope you did and im looking forward to tuesday and i love you  smile  you better read this <propfemale> <propfemale> matsumoto
time to make the jet ski work     annoyed  damn my luck
10 hours together cannot make up for 10 years apart   
home finally   drive took 12 hrs in total but i managed all of it  now very last minute college stuff and bed and waking up at 6 smile 0 to be in boone by 9 woo > >!
"home from orientation, i dont plan on travelling somewhere for a while  "
"hey all, blood drive sponsored by <propfemale> theshrimp stoltzfus at williamson's chapel! if you can give some of your time to save a life that would make her day  smile !"
one word    : chainsaw
going to get chipmunk cheeks yah!!
off to new orleans for the national youth gathering now  smile  still healing from wisdom teeth&not having much luck with food so far  annoyed 
"sitting in a gumbo restaurant in new orleans with the group, sweetness "
in the new orleans convention center witing on our adult leaders
you look stupid and out of place! dont move!!
leaving for gatlinburg soon    then tomorrow we head up to indiana for grandparents 50th anniversary celebration 
just got boned by wii golf     awesome
"leaving for home very soon, gona miss the fam but at least i got to see them all for a change  not every day the entire rickus family from my dads side is in 1 location"
"dear buttf*** who shaved my dog,\i don't find it funny that you shaved my dog the way you did, how would you appreciate it if i came up to you as if you give you a nice trim but shaved your area to bare skin the way you did his?? i think you might find it to be a little sensitive  perhaps think next time? <propfemale> thankz bai"
working on my dad's car  smile 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member or friend who has lost the battle with cancer and in honor of the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
i cant keep track of what day it is anymore   today i was thinking its gotta be thursday or something  all i know is i leave in 2 days
my sub par electronics are really pissing me off at this point   cant check email off my phone now wtf?
teleporting ninja <propfemale>
packing still at 2:40 in the morning    and i wonder why my dad said i should do this before now   ? fml but leaving at 2pm tomorrow!
i leave in less than 3 hours [i hope]      still packing fml? i hate packing of this magnitude 
uhhmmm    why the hell are there ants all over my shit > >!!!
done with round #2 of ants   i thought i had figured out where they were coming from   my mom is gona have a cow 
on the way out! boone here i come!!
"holy shiznit, im in boone  laugh   and the excitement just keeps on building and building  heading to the bookstore to get my <propmale> now  laugh "
'd00de its magnetic!'
this computer is like    holy damn 
"goodnight facebook, from my new macbook pro up in boone  laugh  band camp stars tomorrow! im so happy and excited!"
"from this morning on i begin my own life, the chapter where i begin to live on my own   and live  you cannot hold hold me back, you cannot bring me down, its time for me to soar "
i love practicing in the rain! hell yeah!
"late night practicing is great    except when your feet are so swollen you have a hard time standing and your hands are to the bruising point from 4 mallets for like 5+ hrs a day   love it here, enough said "
this damn room is so hot    ffs!
"night owls are the best, i love the dead of night, and spending the free time practicing and just playing music is so much better than sleeping     'its like sex'"
starting the day with 9 smile 0 elements of music theory class @ @     so much for bed at 12 lol 
lolll hour 45 <propfemale> music theory class took 40 <propfemale>s    win
"second day of classes     computer science, world religions and calculus, lets go "
fml < <   a year and a half off calc isnt sitting so well with me right now     
you dont need to know who plays suki in 2 fast 2 furious to know that shes hottt
calculus will probably be the death of me this semester     
"toga tonight, be back in the morning  laugh "
fml
ok found my calculator    at least thats better because right now im royally boned
let through my music theory class   lolololol
frikkin a
ow
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
hell i dont know if that nap helped me or not    im still so tired
the trek back to belk hall was great     until my paper bag ripped     1 minute away    and my glass bottle of juice broke     and belk was only ohhh    10 mins of a decent pace away? fml
cook-out after frisbee with the group is always fun   start tomorrow with cs1 int he morning    fun stuff
\no pain or sign of time (i'm much too young to fall)\,6df0587690b7bd7ef laugh 3fdeaa799569f,im getting so fucking frustrated this shit doesnt open!
somehow i feel like im getting short changed by my computer   fml
yes!@#
i suppose im alright on homework for the night     thanks comp science book for throwing a monkey wrench in there    class pet has absolutely nothing to do with a naive ticket machine project    
"i cant hear, loll"
hot girl just walked into our bathroom as i walked in    yumm ;o
god i wanna sleeeeeeeeeep
"shoot\me\in\the\face"
i dont even understand    grr *beats self with practice pad    tenor practice pad*
so   tired    cant   think   cant      work   gaaah
"anybody have a creative idea for something i could code into java using squares, circles, triangles, right triangles, and rectangles  ? i cant think right now"
done with <propfirst>'s head   of course since java is so limited with its color selections his skin is yellow and his hair and shoes will end up green    
"finished my <propfirst>! kinda different colored but its ok! and the best part, it only took me 3 hours  smile "
where the hell am i suppose to get $10 in quarters  annoyed ?!?
so i found out that there is pretty much nothing in the sugarfree rockstars that i cant have    oh happy day  smile 
sectional in 15 mins    learning swing swing swing   hellz yeah! crunch time!
that was almost too easy  
"football, woo first college game  playful \after that <propfirst>'s 20th bday party; its gona be a good day despite the rain i feel"
i like the idea of sleep right now but i think i would much rather make an a if at all possible on my calc test next monday    guess im going to read my book  yay?
frikkin holy hell   
ugh fml
right now computer science is being a brainfuck     woot!
that was a hell of alot easier then it seemed at 6 pm    yay for methods
hahahahah   i hate my life
god    its only wednesday night     fml x x
"for a change, glad that all my plans for this afternoon evening have been cancelled    i have alot to do that require alot of time"
going back to my dorm     finallyyyyy < <
ok  now im really going back to my dorm   even though my laundry is still wet    so gay   fml
ethernet cord is being screwy for whatever reason    grr o o
what the hell is with this shitty internet connection!!!!
gameday gameday gameday!! party later! good weekend  playful  18th birthday tomorrow!
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!!
i think i just died via calculus exam   
óg agus saor go deo (forever young and free)
"porighp;njlsk fvliuxvblvo8p4glbkjaew,sdz"
this is bulls**t
little teeny <propfemale> mistakes in these lines of code are fucking with my mind right about now   
what a mindfuck
fuck it all
good end to a semi-crappy day  laugh 
well that took a hell of alot longer than it shouldve   stuck on yet another problem   after this 1 7 more to go  oh joy   fml much
woooooooow facebook is being sooooo glitchy what the hell < <
this taking 30+ mins a problem isnt working very well for me    i wana go play frisbee  annoyed  5 more left   
god this is depressing
"why is facebook beings all screwy      i cant check my messages at all, thats cool, thanks facebook   aside from that and my chatbar unable to show everything is great"
what the hell loll   im watching meet the spartans or something and this is the most ridiculous thing ive ever watched    besides <propmale> python   
ffs
"god gives you what you need to make it through day to day, he gives us enough, no more, no less  he loves us and doesnt give us more than we can handle for sure  never forget it"
 surprise   
how did we meet? copy this into your status and see who remembers 
"love you <propfemale> dunn, best wishes and prayers for you, <propmale> and your newborn <propmale>!"
congratz <propfemale> dunn and <propmale> on your newborn baby!! welcome to the world <propfirst> <propmale> dunn!
"for anyone trying to get in contact with me recently: please understand i can get very busy; with that said i have taken to, during those times, refraining from responding to fb messages, texts, calls, etc   please dont get offended or upset, im not always available "
"this is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who continue to conquer! put this up as your status if you love someone who has or had cancer  my youngest cousin battled and beat cancer from a very very young age and i have seen the ill affects it has  love you mishy"
gameday gameday gameday
lets hear it for the appstate mountaineers!! 5-0!! crap job on the refs' parts and we still won!
55 minutes of death in t-minus 45 mins and counting    
an hour of basketball was a great way to make up for a crappy calc test   again   damn this first semester is quite the wake up call
im scared to go to calc today      ;-;
made a 41 on my calc test     lololllll
going out for the night soon; pokemon stadium tournament hell yes!!
6-0 baby yeaaaaaaah!!
calc in 10 mins then basketball with <propfirst> hamilton after at 3
jammed finger ow mother****er   thank you hogan [last night] for thinking my door was extra hairy  it needed all that cream
"officially band guide of lnhs for saturday, awesome"
\save me  \,6df0587690b7bd7ef laugh 3fdeaa799569f,"guess whose spending forever and ever amen in the library? <propfemale>!! today was hell, tomorrow will be moreso, if thats possible      how is it possible when its the last day before break?"
wow    ive been playing that wrong for 5+ years now     damn
"up at 6:50 this morning   mega early considering when i normally wake up on a a weekend, much less a school day; mbf! seeing my home high school for the first time since band camp and in competition when im not a performer, do work guys!"
great day today seeing my old bandies and watching them compete; great job guys! i know it will only get better from here and im very excited to see the show from the stands at north davidson on the 6th
oh calculus how i wish you didnt kick my ass so much   
"for the love of god, as well as my sanity, please stop sending me 5 or more emails a day concerning interships and crap, you are flooding my inbox and making my phone go haywire!!!@#"
watching the omen on fx   yay demon possessed children!
"time to go  surprise  mountaineers, lets beat furman down! go apps!"
 surprise !! its another great saturday to be a mountaineer!!
"that \democrats\"" commercial annoys the hell outta me   none of what they are saying is true  lets look at facts people"""
friday hurry up    
"on this day, in 1981, <propfemale> and <propfirst> potter tragically lost their lives in one of the most famous 'voldemort' killings  re-post this status if you, or someone you know, lost someone to voldemort "
sitting in the library   i feel legitimently brain dead    computer science:1 : me surprise 
"bed = new bedforsleepingin();\           {\                 if (sleep==true)\                 return \dont you dare wake me up\"";\",6df0587690b7bd7ef laugh 3fdeaa799569f,the idea that its snowing makes me really happy  
just got back in from a little dead of night drive   quite fun with new rubber > playful  can actually successfully do a burnout now
"freaking awesome    heater core blew out in my truck, good thing its during the coldest time of the year  app lost   8-1   god damnit"
975dou*u&$#@&(*$#uyfjurj panther!#@$ wtfffffffff
"so we had a fire drill going on when i got to <propmale> today for calc around 2  then my prof was late so waited the 15 mins til we could leave   glad i hesitated, got me 5 points on my exam  smile "
"library from 9 smile 0-1:40    didnt get the prelab done, i dont even care anymore; eff that thing im going to sleep; goodnight"
lab was actually not bad today  that makes me happy  smile  only 1 little thing left and the bonus    that i dont feel like doing
hmmmm      annoyed 
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including,their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people inthis country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this asyour status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran or support the troops !! thanks!!"
pokemon emulator for <propmale>? im thinking yes  laugh 
found an emulator to run pokemon stadium 2 on my comp  smile    now if i could just use the arrow keys to move id be set   
omfg yes    im playing super smash bros on my computer
and thats why <propmale> bonham is such a great guy and friend
yaaaaay   library from now until   ???   lets do it guys  
yaaaay   library from now until    ??? lets do it  
was in the library from 9-2:40 tonight     my god   ouch
"only you can define who you are, control who you are, and show who you are; no one knows you better than you"
someday lady you'll accomp'ny me
i dont feel like doing this world religion paper   *yawns* waste of time much  ?
its a little wet outside   yaay band practice in the rain
i cbf to get the same error over and over and over     this is taking waaaay too long
uhmm wow    this looks    really terrible    fml
1 day 7 hrs 37 mins
"who in boone is going to the midnight showing of the new <propmale> potter? <propfemale> lumpkin and i need a ride there, thats a long walk  playful "
working on applying for an ra position next fall   at 4 in the morning   yea   playful 
"so after my shower and having to ask for an awkward key-in to the room thanks to <propfirst> <propfirst>, its not time to pack for florida and get ready to go out to see <propmale> potter!"
<propmale> potter premiere!!#@@1
"i want the 2nd half to come out already!!! july, please come faster!! and i wana watch it again  playful "
"just like any horcrux, you must seek the truth, because it'll set you free "
on our way out to florida! go apps!
that game was a load  back in boone  i cant see straight  its 4 am  im going to sleep  goodnight
"one cs test, one calc quiz, 3 classes   cmon 24 hrs   lets do this"
"1 more class   4 more hours [roughly]   one 2 hr ride with grandparents and some time in boone with them, lets do it; cmon 5 pm  "
one of these days i will not be so lucky and not have such a solid vehicle b c nowadays they build vehicles so pathetically
looking at jobs and cars    considering my options  ill need something that will run well [especially in boone] sooner or later    
"happy turkey day, time to nom on turkey  smile "
"cousin jut left to get back to columbus   ill be leaving in a few hours to get back to boone; not too long before exams [ew], then winter break!"
"going to see <propfemale> dunn and little baby <propmale> for a little bit soon, then packing for my return to boone"
panthers just got diked    by their own kicker!!#!#$! you freaking had it and blew it!@$!!#@
thankyou <propfemale> cichocki for turning me on to the subaru impreza wrx   now i need to come up with 10k asap    cool
how epic would it be if i not only managed to buy an impreza wrx   but it was right hand drive  surprise 
"bulllllllll, i was definitely in comp sci class on friday and got counted absent wtfffffffffffff"
just legitimately printed like 150-200 pages of slides to study for computer science    thanks for the book professor  
religion final down  now to write up my <propfemale> of notes for my computer science final tomorrow   i think ill be ok  now  laugh 
my brain hurts  my digestive system is really mad at me  i should go to bed  i dont feel like it 
alright computer science   its just you and me now   get ready to get your ass handed to you
"all in all today has turned out alright   job in food services = success, cs final = hernia and tons of worry until i get my grade"
gameday! show those wildcats how we roll!!
im not sure how i feel about this
looking at new vehicles   
um  wow    my cs professor lost my final   
"thank god its over   calc exam went alright i think, but i wont pass  sad   going home tomorrow though"
"eh, who needs sleep    apparently not me!! woo!!"
well now im royally screwed    
looking around for salvage yards in mooresville area
"i just want you for my own, more than you can ever know"
earliest ive gone to sleep in a very long time   merry christmas everybody  smile 
"<propfemale> christmas to all, have a wonderful day!"
now i remember why i left home     
"facebook privacy alert - as of today a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" shares data with non-facebook websites and is automatically set to \""enable \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites > instant personalization > edit settings then un-check \""enable \"" btw if your friends do not do this they will be sharing information about you  please copy & repost """
guess who didnt sleep last night
yay getting a permit for my comp sci class  joyful 
"nothing to do, everything is closed lol"
insomnia is a bitch   
ooook wtf appalnet; i have a permit for cs1440 and i cant register still   what is this
"working 10:45-2 in <propmale> commons, probably [hopefully] at the cash registers   i realize when i got hours this would be the late breakfast lunch rush   oh damn"
"work was good today, mostly worked on the lines which was pretty great, maybe thursday will be the registers, we shall see then though  smile "
"new shift starting the 23rd in <propmale> commons, 10 smile 0-2 smile 0 every other sunday  smile "
"dear dumbass using the hand dryer at all hours of the night,\learn to read; it says \don't use after 10 pm\""  people like to be undisturbed at late hours of the night  thanks for considering the sleeping people of belk hall floor 2 \",6df0587690b7bd7ef laugh 3fdeaa799569f,"oo, i should've read the assignment for this paper   i really dont feel like writing a 1000 word paper, thanks though for the thought"
"to the person that just let the alarm off by keeping the door open too long,\\   really   ? its 1 smile 0 in the morning  \\that is all"
getting in bed before 12 tonight   wait    wutdefawk
"ever since i reapplied for housing ive gotten more emails about reapplying for housing\    \how does that make sense?"
"anyone out there that would possibly give me a ride to mike&marks place tonight? itd be much appreciated, thanks  smile "
who is going to <propfirst> a  bostain's tonight for the party and going back to campus?
"i like it when you're watching me\you grind your teeth\i like it when we're up against the wall\i like it when you look at me\you still say please\and the way you can't say no"
"dr stukes: \why is it so small?\""\",6df0587690b7bd7ef laugh 3fdeaa799569f,my stomach is noming on itself    
"poke] me if you've ever had a crush on me or still do \[like] this status if you think i'm a good friend \[message] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me \[comment] on this if we have had good memories \[copy & paste this to your status] if you're brave"
"getting my appetite back i think, staying on top of work   almost  being out of commission sunday really didnt help"
i swear this professor is out to get my ass
ra interview in 15 mins    lets do it
will find out towards the end of february about ra positions   we'll see what happens soon enough!
wooooooow long quiz   
who can give me a lift to <propfirst> & <propfirst>'s super bowl xlv party tonight? itd be much appreciated
"traffic case dismissed; no points, conviction of moving violation or fines!! again!"
"discrete in 13 mins til 2:50 then working in central 6 smile 0-11 smile 0, come by tonight"
i cant draw ven diagrams
if the wind would just die down it would be a great temperature out  yes im saying this after midnight  but asking a 120 lbs guy to walk halfway across campus in these winds is a bit much  
i hate writing personal essays   thankyou scriblink for being able to be a tool to put my ideas down on   my brain is shorthanded right now
i hate transformations   these are going to be the only thing in this class that will bite me in the ass  annoyed 
anybody want to go the the avenged sevenfold concert with me on may 7th? im driving and looking for someone to go with
ordered my ticket! hell yeah may 7th bring it!!
grr  i need to back up my computer before messing with boot camp   *has nothing to back up my computer on   *
by the way   
grrrrr raaaaaaage
well damn
revising my english paper   still need to do my paper for my seminar  time to bs it!
chapter four
500 word paper for my seminar due tomorrow and my intro alone is 130 words   piece of cake
lmao <propfemale> <propmale> locked the key in the trailer  laugh !!
i sincerely hope he doesnt grade that    
i need an external hard drive - -          a9pruwghnpq2938eiuawodsz
"dust the apple off, savor each bite\and deep inside you know <propfirst> was right"
"wow i never thought that going through drafts of papers to highlight for changes, etc, would take so long    and i have 4 drafts for both papers    thanks professor"
"nothing tears the being more than deception,\unmasked fear \\i'll be here waiting\"" tested and secure """
installed eclipse on my computer  win
"i give my heart to you\i give my heart, 'cause nothing \can compare in this world to you"
truck is back  laugh  
"sometimes, the green mile seems so long"
"back in boone, organizing my room and getting ready for the week "
"and since i'm rather smart and cunning\i took off down the next hall running\only to get stopped by a girl so stunning"
sometime from the time i entered my dorm to the time i got to my room it went from rain to snow    what?
"even though i hate to wake up early, and doing so kills sleep, i like getting to relax in central with it not being too busy"
frisbee tonight at 9 smile 0!!!! duck pond!!
"goobin out   work in the am   central 10 smile 0 til 2 smile 0, come by  smile "
i'm tired and would absolutely love to sleep for the rest of the day and reading an article on sleep habits of college students    oh the irony
"now if you wanna serve above\or be a <propmale> below with us\you're welcome to the city\your future is set forever"
"appstate please fix the internet    its being super slow and shitty right now, did the same thing last night starting right at 10 pm    im corded in, this is ridiculous"
first thing i legitimately cant do for my lab   buzzkill and grade-kill    
god damnit app fix your internet 
"a note by the door\simply e playful lains \its all that remains\"""""
"boone,\please make up your mind "
paper is coming together slowly    is it abnormal to say that i cant wait to move onto the paper for my seminar?
1 paper down   1 to go     aaaaaand   forget that > >
"appstate, for the love of all that is good and holy, and for the 4th night in a row, please fix your internet!!!@#!"
<propfemale> <propfirst> is my favorite  smile 
"all of us have thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
thinking i want a mustang for my next car maybe    thoughts?
forget this 8 am bologna
it would be really awesome if we had a key card swipe on the 2nd floor back door of belk hall    annoyed 
kill me now   can it be may so my english class is done??
lol  two and a half men  laugh 
planning out this paper    go scriblink!
having writers block     annoyed 
what the hell is my word doing  surprise ?? i dont have time for this bs!
oh lordy   research paper you shall be the death of me
99 bottles of sobe on the wall    
i need to find 2 more sources for my research paper    like now
and i thought it wouldnt get any weirder    its hailing?
back in the dorm relaxing after 7 hours of working in central   $50 75 more towards a new car   another 4 hours tomorrow morning
people please stop getting hacked and sending me messages leading to links i dont want to look at < < thanks
who knows where the verizon store in boone is?
about to do some hardcore sleep study   
