2c835d8e828612c0686d4ff3fe03f589
come on penn state win your first game of 2010
going to penn state tomorrow for arts fest 
be gone all day tomorrow at state college 
just got back from fishing i caught 6 blue gill and a bass
saw 12 shooting stars
"hey look i can see boulder colorado from here were celestial seasonings bags 4 billion bags of tea a day, which makes boulder colorado the tea bagging capital of the world, and you don't know tea bagging until you have boulders in you mouth - <propfirst> colbert "
1st academic chemistry (ferguson) 2nd academic chemistry gym (ferguson kopnisky) 3rd academic algebra 2 (gorley) 4th western civilization (gibb) 5 6 safety <propmale> (mount) 7 8 <propmale> 1 (black) 9th lunch 10th french 2 (fersch) 11th academic american literature (sgro)
essay is finished!!!!!!
going to spend the rest of today on my four wheeler until it runs out of gas 
penn state football tomorrow!
penn state vs akron
we are!!!!
7-0 penn state
14-0 penn state
17-0 penn state
24-0 penn state
penn state 278 yards akron -4 yards     
31-0 penn state
31-7 penn state  sad 
is out riding the 4 wheeler 
penn state vs <propfemale> 12 surprise 0 channel 77 big ten network
we are!!!!!!!!!!
7-0 penn state
dinner
math homework
going jogging with my puppy 
homework
we are!!!!!!!
pool house penn state party at 7
penn state  sad 
going to state college at 6 am just after staying up till midnight to watch penn state lose 
back from state college
sick  sad 
do we have a chem quiz tomorrow for ferguson
just got back from jogging and my leg hurts so much because of nate 
did we have to do that review worksheet for ferguson 
going to pittsburgh be back tonight 
back from pittsburgh 
penn state
penn state is being amazing!!!!!
"35 to 17, penn state "
homework time
"animation domination, shower, bed"
going four-wheeling for awhile 
ya got student ticket to the the penn state game!!!!!!!
going up to state college be back saturday 
finally back from penn state (52-3 + student section = crazy)
<propfirst> <propfemale> for nobel peace prize!
going to bed pool house
lets go hungary
going to go play soccer for a bit 
nothing to do its raining out  sad 
math homework  sad 
going down in the woods to the stream for awhile 
well today wasn't the best ever 
penn state: 20-0
dew tour!!!!!
its so nice outside right now 
"is sitting up on on my roof looking at the stars, its finally a nice night out "
sick ='(
"watching the stars up on my roof again, its so peaceful up there "
is going four wheeling
homework       
have to clean up the pool house  sad 
penn state 35-10!!!!!
did anyone else see that i got like 421 comments on that car quiz???
so bored listening to music and taking a walk with my dog down in the woods 
today could have been a lot better than it was 
"i need glass of water and a bloody <propfirst> quick!, your mother is talking about adopting a communist orfan!!!!!!!"
"well i got some type of flu, great!!!"
"watching the stars up on my roof and listening to some music, then bed, maybe some airsoft tomorrow, then halloween party "
wow i hate being sick 
shooting hoops
watching earth 
studying
watching the cma's
"\ok <propmale> paisley you had a good video and i'm going to let you finish but <propfirst> swift had one of the best videos of all time\"" hahaha"""
going to get my permit
was late to the dmv so i have to take the test tomorrow but i'm getting brownies made for my birthday so i'm fine 
got my permit!!!!
watching up
stupid clouds blocking out the meteor shower  sad 
watching the meteor shower 
going for a long walk in my woods
we need a big snow storm soon beacuse my board is collecting dust and i don't like it 
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, and i got the most immature award!!! yay!!!!  smile "
why don't the computers at school spaz out anymore when you hold down the up and down arrows at the same time?
monk was soooo good!!!!!! (the best show ever!!!!!!)
"going to sleep, airsoft tomorrow  smile "
airsoft was sooo much fun and i am never letting <propfirst> radachy use any thing with a blade agian 
its snowing  smile 
"going to bed, airsoft at <propfirst>'s tomorrow!!!  smile "
"back from <propfirst>'s, i got shot 4 times in the face  smile "
going snowboarding tomorrow and hopefully won't fall on the grind this time 
back from snowboarding to bad the lifts are made for midgets 
snowboarding tomorrow 
that's right colts!!!!!!!!
=c
='(
well <propfirst> scratched off 1 3 of my cornea in gym but i got out of school early so its all good 
watching deadliest warrior marathon and working on the english speech 
"no school tomorrow i think i'm feeling \sick\""     ; )"""
back from kayaking and got my banana costume for chemistry!!!
world cup game one!!!!!!!!!
hahaha spain sucks!!!
portugal 7-0 wtf???
go germany!!!!!!!
done with the history assignment!!!!!!
deutschland!!!!!!!!!
penn state arts fest tomorrow
is so tired from camp and still has to take apollo to the vet
got destroyed at basketball at camp
1 essay down 2 to go
i am done!!!!  smile 
trying to get this crapy phone to work and then splash lagoon tomorrow 
just got back from splash lagoon and now leaving for toronto 
roast of the hoff!!!!
"inbox only annoyed tell me something you always wanted to tell me, and i'll keep it between us forever"
history report= done!!!!!!
there is dog pee all over my shoe!!!!!!!
psu!!!!!!!!!!!
psu
psu!!!
time to play some ultimate frisbee!!!!!
"holiday valley in the morning, boarding all day!!!!"
didn't do my interview yet so i got the email of 3 e playful erts and in a few seconds after sending my first email he answered all my questions   i love my luck!!!!
<propmale> project done!!!!
omg people stop taking my phone and posting statuses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
