2b9131cccc9c25ea15a16dddbc34f9ad
is really confused!!  annoyed 
is going swimming today with my best friends! summer is finally here!! yay!!!
had a really fun time hanging with her cousin in ogden last night!!
i'm so excited to see transformers tonight!! ahhh!! can't wait!
holy cow!!! i'm leaving for college in about a month and half     its so weird!
super super excited for st <propfirst>! the car ride is gonna suck but oh well!  smile 
sooooo glad to be home!!  smile 
got a blister on my hand from workin outside today at work!! it freakin hurts!
so happy its the weekend!! yay! i'm so excited for tonight!!
packed some of my stuff to move it down to orem yesterday!! i cant even begin to e playful lain how weird that was!! ahhh!
had a blast at uvu today! i'm so excited for college!
going on a picnic today! i'm so excited!  smile 
going to orem for the day! i really don't wanna by myself! ahh!
going to lagoon today! woot woot!!  smile 
can't belive how fast everything is changing!
really wishing everything would slow down   i don't wanna grow up yet!  sad 
leaves in 5 days!!! holy cow!!!
i'm mostly packed and my room is like super empty   i don't like it! blah   saturday is coming too fast!
holy f!!!  one more day in cache valley!
moved to orem yesterday   i'm still not sure what to think of it! its weird not being in my crazy house anymore!!
<propfemale> bored and no one to play with!! ah   school needs to start!
one more day til college and lots of studyin starts   goodbye social life   not to mention i still need to find a job!!! ah crap!!
"i had the awesomest first day of college! haha allred (the band)  smile  came to  uvu, i have an awesome institute teacher, i welcomed people to an event where i watched a guy juggle chainsaws   i'm so worn out! bah!"
i went to my first real dance party last night! it was fun and scary all at the same time! haha! i'm lovin college life!
i need a good massage real bad! i'm so tense and stuff cuz i'm so stressed! blah!
so so so happy to be home for the weekend!!  smile 
ugh!! school tomorrow   not again!
tomorrow is friday and i only have one class!! yay!!
slept in until noon! ah   i love the weekend!
had fun dancin like crazy at a student <propmale> activity thing!! oh and i found a freakin amazing <propmale>!! yay!!  smile 
i can't believe how stinkin sore my throat is! ahhhh!!! i hate it! and nothing is really helping it feel better!  sad 
i'm so stinkin wiped out!! tuesdays are my longest day!! ah it sucks! i'm at the school from 8 in the morning til 4 in the afternoon!
i'm so freakin excited to be home!!! ah! i love cache valley!
had a freakin amazing weekend spending time with her bestest friends!! ah i miss home already!  smile 
conference was freaking amazing!! i loved being there! saturday was so much fun   i had my first official date in college!!  smile  i had a blast and a half! thanks <propmale>!
so so so excited to go home this weekend!!  smile 
i'm so ready for tomorrow to go home and to be able to relax   and to see everyone!  smile  ahh! yay!
going home today!!! woot woot!!  smile  i love home!!
ahhh!! i don't think i've ever been more scared nervous about something than i am about my freaking sociology midterm paper!!!
i love fall break!!! i slept in til noon! yay! i get to go home today!!! i'm so excited for this weekend! everyone is gonna be home! i can't wait!
it was sooo good seeing everyone this weekend! and there's still the rest of today!!
fall break was so much freaking fun!! the bp reunion was great!
ah man   i have zero motivation today!! not good   
yay!! its the weekend!!  smile 
i gave blood today   holy freak my arm is sore! and i'm really excited to get a call from some one in about an hour    where will he be going for 2 years??
i'm <propfemale> stinkin confused!!! why can't i just get the answer right now   why can't it just be given to me!
loves sundays!!  laugh  they are the best! oh and i got asked to sing in church in two weeks! my first time ever singing solo! ahhhh!! can we say super duper scared?
"so they had random beauty hangin up around the school today   this one was my favorite   \beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart \"""""
is it just me or is this week dragging on forever!!
tomorrow is finally friday!!  smile  what am i gonna do with my weekend?
woo hoo!! i love the weekend and being able to sleep in until noon!  laugh  it feels so good!
i'll be home in approximately 2 weeks for thanksgiving!! i'm so excited!!! i miss cache valley so much!
just trying to remember that heavenly father knows where my life is going way better than i do and that i can make it thru anything with him on my side!  smile 
last night i discovered that rockstars and chips and salsa are not a good combination   it makes one really loopy <propmale> and lots and lots of burping! hahaha!
home home home home home!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  i can't wait to be home   i should be back around 8-ish!!!  laugh  yay!!!
wow   there is so much to be thankful for in my life!! my friends and family are the best in the world   thank you guys so much for all you've done for me   i wouldn't be who i am without you!
had a blast pulling an all-nighter with my friends and then going shopping at 4 in the morning! haha! we're so great!  smile 
loved being home! 2 and a half more weeks and i'll be back again! yay!
haha i love the old boy bands like backstreet boys and n'sync and 98 degrees   haha does that make me weird?
its the weekend! i should be more excited than i am   maybe i'm not excited cuz i don't get to sleep in at all and i'm gonna be writing papers studying for finals all weekend! haha oh well   thats the life of a college student for ya! i'll live!  smile 
wow   i really really miss home!  frowny 
hot dang! i love the snow! haha who knew i'd miss cache valley winters!? oh and thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody!!  smile 
tomorrow is the last day of classes! then finals next week! i'm so excited for class to be over but not ready for finals!
i slept in til noon today! i love that the semester is almost completely over!!  smile  one final on tuesday and then i'm done and get to go home!! yay!
dang i can't wait til wednesday to be home for break!! yay!!  laugh 
one more day til i get to be home for almost a month!! i'm so freaking excited! i love cache valley so much! i can't wait to see everyone and get to play in the snow!! yay!!  laugh 
today is the day!!! yay!! home sweet home in about 9 hours!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
home home home!!! yay! i love cache valley in the winter! its so gorgeous!  laugh   laugh 
so i set a new personal record today    haha i slept in until 2!! smile   yeah   i'm pretty much super lazy! i musta need the sleep! bein out til 5 in the morning the day before probably didn't help!
greatest night ever!!!  laugh  chillin at macey's for a half hour   5 bucks of candy   blind side (freakin amazing movie)    macey's again   2 batches of muddy buddies   dancing in the kitchen   pixie stix shots with freakin rockstars   dancin on the couch   walmart @ 4 in the morning and i bought fishies (maui and homo)   staying awake til 6 smile 0! oh yeah i love my friends!!  laugh 
loves spending time with my best friends and my family!!  smile  being home is the best!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!! love you all bunches!
wow! what an amazing christmas   i got to spend time with my family and friends and got some great gifts! i love christmas time!
"jesus loved the man who could not see or understand, just as he loves you and me     "
whoa   i can't believe its almost 2010! this is craziness!!
holy eff!!!!!!!!!!! my books cost almost $400!!! this is insane!!! i hate how much college costs!! bahh!!!!!
its friday!! yes! and there's a dance tonight   even better!!!  laugh  i really need a dance party!!  laugh 
"why is this so hard for me?? :,("
holy baby this semester is already super busy for me! its going great so far tho   !  laugh 
i shook hands with a man who has been in the presence of my heavenly father today    elder l  <propmale> <propfirst>! greatest  devotional  ever!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i drove a stick today on state street!!! haha it was only ny 2nd time drving stick!! i'm very proud of myself!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i need more sleep!  sad 
why am i so sad when i should just be happy for him? i know he'll make one heck of an amazing missionary!
today i donated money to haiti and saved 3 lives by donating blood!  smile  i think i filled my service quota for the day   or maybe the week!!  wink  hahaha!
yes!!! there is finally enough snow to play in down here in orem! i really miss the cache valley snow! its so pretty outside!!  smile   smile   smile 
i know the week just started but i can't wait for this next weekend! its gonna be so much fun!!  smile 
woohoo!!! its friday!!!  smile   smile   smile  partay!!!  smile   smile   smile 
this weekend was a blast and a half times ten! haha! mondays are super blah tho    
life is a fragile thing that can slip from your fingers in an instant  i'm so grateful to know that families are forever and that because of christ's atonement and resurrection we can be with our families again after they are gone  it's hard to believe that it will have been 9 years since i lost my ultimate hero this friday  i will always love you dad 
dear <propfirst> is such a great movie!!  smile  but holy cow was it a tear jerker!! i needed a good cry!
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
ahhh   working out feels sooo good!  smile  i love it!
i want spring and summer sooo bad!!!! dang snow!
no class today and i get to go home   what a perfect day!!!  laugh  i can't wait to go home!!
had a great weekend at home! i miss cv already! (but not the cold   haha) my friends and family are great! i love you guys!  laugh  i wouldn't be who i am today without you guys!
i love playing at the park! haha! i'm still a little kid even though i'm 19   love it!!  laugh 
yess!!!! friday!!!  laugh 
i absolutely love sleeping in on the weekends!!  smile  mmm so good!
ha its monday and all i can think about is how excited i am for this weekend!  laugh  its gonna be a long week    
i'm so freaking sick of the snow!!!! why the crap can't it just be spring already?   or even better summer! i want to get out of the cold and go to a beach where i can just soak up the sun and have my toes in the sand!!
tomorrow is gonna be super freaking fun! mardi gras is gonna be such a party!  smile  i can't wait to see <propfemale> and <propfirst>! yay! party party party!!!  laugh 
mardi gras + my best friend coming down here to play with me + getting a letter from my missionary + its friday + its warm outside = one freakin amazing day!!!! i can't wait!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
what's with this crazy weather? it needs to stop teasing me! i just want sunshine!
1 and a half more weeks and then i'll be in vegas!!!  smile  spring break is going to be awesome!! i can't wait to soak up the sun!
i get to go home on friday!!  smile  yay! and then going to vegas next wednesday!! oh baby i can't wait!!  laugh 
this time tomorrow i'll be home!! yay!!! and there's less than a week til vegas!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
yay yay yay!!! i'm going home today!!! its finally friday and i'm going home!! spring break is gonna be super duper amazing!!! i can't wait to get out of the cold and into the 75 degree weather in vegas!!!  laugh 
oh cache valley is the greatest place on earth!! i love it!!  smile  being here made me realize that it is definitely my home!  smile  vegas in 2 days!!! yeah baby!!  smile 
i'm loving the 80 degree weather here in vegas!!! its been amazing so far!!! vegas <propfemale> tomorrow!!!  smile 
spring break needs to come back    i miss the warm weather and no stress so so much!! we gotta go again next year!
i've loved this weekend so so so much! the festival of colors was amazing!!!  smile 
2 tests tomorrow right in a row!! plus 3 other assigments due!! gah!!! why is college so stressful? i can't wait for the semester to be over!!
oh my goodness this weekend is gonna be <propfemale> great!!!  smile  i can't wait!!
only 3 more weeks of school!!! i can do this   hopefully!
i went and saw the last song and its a super great movie!!  smile   smile  i'm loving the sunshine and warm weather! can it please just stay this way for a couple more weeks?
this weekend has been interesting and fun all at the same time!  smile 
is it really only tuesday??  sad  i'm so so so ready for the semester to be over!
i'm all registered for fall semester    i'm kinda nervous!! i should be pretty close to done with my associates! yay!!
i just got done workin out for an hour and a half   it felt so so good! and its an absolutely gorgeous day!! i went to 2 different bonfires last night  smile  super fun! i love spring so much! one more week of classes and then finals and then i get to play all summer long!! yay!!
2 more days of class!! oh baby!! this makes me so so happy!  smile   smile 
yeah baby yeah!!! i'm finally done with classes   finals next week!! this weekend is gonna be a hella freakin partay!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
"this weekend has been bomb!!  smile  dance party thursday night, baptisms at the timp <propfemale> and jazz game on friday, laying out swimming today getting fried today   and the weekend isn't even over yet!!!  smile   smile   smile  i love that schools out and its april!! college is great!"
3 finals and a paper due in the next 3 days  sad  oh boy!! i can't wait for this week to be over!
"country dancing is awesome!! haha who knew it could be so much fun!?  smile  being there with 3 amazing friends (<propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale>) made it a great adventure! love you all to death times 2!  smile "
i know i'm way behind but i just watched avatar for the first time! its amazing!!!!  smile  i love love love it!!! and being back in little cache valley is <propfemale> great!
this past week has been super fun! i'm gonna miss home cache valley and all my friends and family this summer but i'm excited for a great summer in orem!!  smile 
blah      
i really miss my best friends right now!  sad 
i look out the window and what did i see??? snow!!!  sad   sad  its may not january   get with the picture mother nature!
had an interview at kohl's today   hopefully they call me later with a job offer!  annoyed  i'm really nervous!
yes!!!!! i got the job!!!! i finally got a job!  smile  oh baby i'm so excited!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
ahhh    i absolutely love summer!  smile   smile 
fireworks + homemade cookie dough ice cream + kissing in the rain + glitter toes + hanging out with family and friends= the perfect weekend!!  smile   smile 
first real day of work today   we'll see how it goes!
mmm     went to the pool today! its such a gorgeous day outside!! summer is awesome!  smile 
i'm super excited to come home this weekend!!!  smile  i really miss cache valley summers!
this weekend has been super fun!! spending time with my family i haven't seen in a very long time and my best friends   nothing gets better than this!!  smile 
2 days of waking up early to go to work at 6 in the morning with no nap at all is no fun!  sad  i'm gonna sleep a whole lot this weekend!!
what a great weekend     smile   smile  i got to play in  the rain last night and then i spent all day today in the sun!!
i can't wait to see some of my bestest friends this weekend!!  smile  its gonna be a party and a half!!
found one of the cutest songs ever made last night   our song by less than three! its amazing!!  smile 
i'm lovin this down pouring rain and thunder storm!!! its so awesome!!  smile 
so i was at work today from 2 til 11pm   way too long! and i have to go in tomorrow at 5 smile 0 in the freaking morning til probably around 3 in the afternoon!! i'm not going to be a happy camper tomorrow!  sad 
i love getting letters from missionaries!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  its the first one in about 2 months! yay!!
happy birhtday daddy!!!!! i'll never forget what an amazing you were example to me and how strong you were!! families are forever! i love you!
so pretty much i'm gonna spend my last 2 nights of summer working! dang school     sad 
school wasn't as bad as i thought it would be! so far my classes aren't too hard and i gotta see lots of friends from last year!
"another day of school down and i think my only really hard boring class is gonna be biology! yay! but books cost me over 450 dollars   which makes me still hate school just as much, maybe even more!"
coming home for the weekend!! yay! its been almost 2 months since i've seen little cache valley! i'm super excited to get to see my friends and family!  smile   smile   smile 
ah man   i love weekends at home! they are seriously so great! i just wish it could've been a little longer so i could have spent more time with my besties! miss you girls like crazy!
getting my new phone tomorrow!  smile   smile 
love my new phone!!!  smile   smile   smile 
tu me manques   
sooo happy its the weekend!!!
just back from a neon trees  30 seconds to mars concer at uvu! freakin awesome!  smile   smile  but my feet hurt way bad from being stepped on about 100 times   
super excited that one of my besties (<propfemale> <propfirst>) is coming down to spend the weekend with me!!!  smile  yay!!!
"this weekend just keeps getting better!!!!  smile   smile  my best friend is down for the weekend, its conference tomorrow, <propfirst> bytheway came to speak at the devotional today and i got 2 letters today from my super awesome missionaries!!  smile   smile   smile "
my thoughts and prayers go out to the <propfirst> family! i love you guys! i know you'll make it through this tough time!  love 
i like it on the floor in my closet!!
i love going to church on sundays!!  smile 
coming home on wednesday!! yay!! can't wait to see my family and bestest friends!!  smile   smile   smile  and i'm super excited for my favorite cousin's homecoming on sunday!!
cache valley is definitely my home! orem just doesn't cut it for me   i miss my wellsville mountains and feeling safe walking around in the middle of the night! but most of all i miss my family and best friends! it feels so so so good to be home for the weekend!!  smile   smile 
i absolutley loved being home for the weekend! it was such a good time!  smile  i love my family and friends! they always make me super happy! thanks for all you do guys! i love you!
i had the most amazing random night of my life last night!  smile   smile  who knew not getting into the real salt lake game could end up being such an adventure!?
sooo nervous about teaching my first lesson as a relief society teacher tomorrow!  annoyed  i hope i don't make a fool of myself!
had a super fun weekend! i went to the uvu halloween dance and got hypnotized and spent the whole day saturday with the most amazing guy ever!  smile   smile 
made a super random trip up to <propfirst> this weekend!  smile  all i can say is that this weekend was one of the best most amazing weekends i've had in my entire life! smile   smile  i love this feeling!!
yay!!! its thanksgiving!! i get to spend time the whole day with my man and our families and eat lots of food!!  smile  i love the holiday season so much!  smile 
i love the snow!! it's so pretty!  smile  orem doesn't get snow like this that lasts very long at all! it reminds me of winter in cv! i missed the snow!!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile  i had a fantastic birthday! i have the best friends and family! love you guys!
2 finals down and 3 more to go! i can do this! i can't wait til school is officially over for the semester!
finally done with the semester!!  laugh  it feels so good to be done!
"no more finals, no work today, and going to <propfemale> square with my love   sounds like the perfect day to me!  laugh "
my thoughts and prayers are going out to the ferguson's tonight! i love you guys!
so excited to be going home tonight!  smile   smile  even if i only get to spend a day and a half with my fam cuz of work    <propfemale> christmas!!
christmas break is the best!  smile  i get to sleep in and play as much as i want   when i don't have work   
i'm not ready for school to start up again tomorrow! ugh!
i'm kinda sorta excited for this semester   it should be a pretty easy one   i wish textbooks weren't so stinkin e playful ensive!
 love  you are the best thing that's ever been mine!  love 
ten years ago today my dad and hero lost the battle to cancer! i don't know what i'd do without my knowledge that families are forever! i love you and miss you so much daddy!  love   love 
 love  true love doesn't just last til death do you part   true love lasts forever!!  love   love 
i'm so so so freaking excited for this weekend! mardi gras and my bestest friends coming to visit!! yay!!  laugh  can it just be tomorrow night already??  smile   smile 
loving spring break!!! being home with the fam and catching up with my besties is the perfect way to spend the break! i forgot how much i missed little cache valley and everyone here! i do wish i was somewhere a little warmer though! haha!
 love   love  pefection is defined when your heart beats next to mine  my hand in your hair and your's on my chest  moments with you are my life's best  cuz i love your existence and i can't get enough   love   love 
