231ee0e2f09c41353b5eb7626a7243b1
way too many text messages to respond too & too many <propfirst> i don't have  sooo i love everyone & happy new year! ciao
"wth! how in the world does the day start out bad before 8 o'clock, before i eat breakfast, before i even think about leaving the house? (sigh) =-("
"life is all about energy   try to feel it around you, through you, and in you  distinguish the positive from the negative "
woke up from another nightmare  this has got to stop  i hate going to sleep these days  god please help me 
is feeling a little upbeat & is in need of some good old conversation! ( joyful )
"why is it that when i eat your favorit foods it taste so much better than my favorite foods, even when i don't like it "
keeps trying to crawl out from under this rock but it so dang cozy under hear & i feel safe  each day i just shake my head at the world and come right back in 
each day is a gift not a given right
<propmale> green
i thinks i am suffering from electrolyte imbalance 
oh i wish somebody could bring me a bottle of aspirin     i'm going to need it for tomorrow 
why is it that ppl act like they can't drive in the cold  ain't no ice on the darn road! so why are you sliding into m lane!!!1
"happy founder's day to the brothers of phi beta sigma fraternity, inc "
"is in a love triangle with potential and inspiration, and neither is jealous of the other  tis amazaing "
is about to cook dinner
"is singing, 'we're gonna flip flop, skippity hop, back to fraggle rock        '"
had a wonderful night of sleep    
is making herself unavailable after 5pm i need to defragment and shut down    whew
happy founder's day to all of my beautiful sorors     z-phi!
oh happy day       
either mrs  freshley's is highly addictive or i'm just and over indulgent slug    so i'm about to cook some real food before i make myself sick 
cleaning
is watching this lady bug crawl up my wall  why am i so fascinated with these little creatures? these are the only insects i will touch willingly 
is listening to boys ii men for a little while
breakfast is tuna salad sandwiches
probably shouldn't sit at home watching movies about racial injustices  i don't think it's healthy 
"what is going on w  fb? \new simplified home page\""  they just moved things from one side to the other  i could've did that on my own  gosh!"""
congratulations to the saints for winning the super bowl! yaaaaaay!!!!!
is thinking maybe    just maybe i should only buy and only wear sweat pants and t-shirts for the rest of my life 
"in <propfemale>, ga!"
spending my mother's day missing my baby ((deep sigh))     btw happy mother's day adl!!!!!!!
about to take this good old apft! then i have a test in class! it's going to be a freakin awesome day! hooah!
"is saying \really guy? really?\"""""
everyday that i wake up here i ask myself 'was this you last resort? were there really no other options left'? ((deep sigh)) i have made my bed and now i must lie in it 
"thank you all for your birthday blessings! i love ya'll! i do apologize for my response being extreemely late  i'm kinda stuck under a hot a$$ rock here on fort <propmale>  so i don't get to use my phone or compuiter as much as i would like to,  sad "
people often say motivation doesn't last  neither does bathing that's why it's recommended daily  lol! ( joyful )
so confused right now  i think i'll just go to sleep  or at least i'll try       crying 
thinking about taking a bare footed run around the neighborhood   hmmm
watching him eat is freakin' awesome! oh the things you miss     
is pulling my hair out right now! aaaggghh!!!
so i'm having fun for this little break    but i'm still thinking about you everyday 
is wondering why this female is in wal-mart wearing what looks to be a pair of under garments  benefit of the doubt: maybe all of her clothes were burned in a fire and she borrowed her little girl's shorts to go shopping for new clothes  hmm    
is about to drive home sleepy  good night <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
is tired of crying and stressing  i wish it was over now  and abreeotta <propmale> i am mad that i didn't get to see you this wknd!!!!! now you owe me a pedicure  lol!
"on the plane right now  the flight attendant is really cheesy  i already don't want to be on this plane  there's still time to go awol! \j k"
i'm back in these miserable barracks  i'm about to go to sleep and pray that i wake up and it's all over  ((deep sigh)) but i hope i get that phone call 
is feeling like a lost little girl right now      
stress induced nausea makes it hard to sleep  if only i didn't have to wake up at 430! hooah!
is playing psychology
trying to figure things out fast
rolled herself up in paper towels last night
is feeling good but needs to go back to sleep!
hey you!!!!!! yea you!         good night!
can't sleep right now        ((deep sigh))
i just took a shower!!!!! yaaaaay!!!!
had a very relaxing weekend and is so happy to be done with these classes  now please just send me back to civilian life before i go ape doo-doo on everyone!
is back and needs her hair done  asap! ( joyful )
is up and hungry (reaching for chili cheese fritos now)   
'evil netta' is about to possess 'nice netta' and 'evil netta' shows no mercy  somebody needs to call for an exorcism asap!
i'm coming down with a cold and i'm not happy = <
"why do people decide to text me in the middle of the night to let me know that they are under the influence of alcohol, then don't text back anything else so i can stay up all night worrying      so i didn't sleep well at all "
can't sleep    going for a run at midnight
so frustrated    
is thinking about dinner and a movie     hmmmm
i thought ice cream was suppose to make you feel better  it just put a pimple on my cheek = (
"i like to watch the news while getting dressedm and he likes to watch cartoons     one of the many reasons i wanted him to have his own room  ha, so much for that right now "
hasn't slept all night
"has to drive to nashville today, by myself      sad "
this has been an interesting day but and even more interesting night  all i can say is god works in mysterious ways  sometimes he has to remove what you want from your life to bless you with what you need in your life  so lord whatever you have to do please    bring it on  ( joyful )
"i am never speechless, i always have plenty to say  sometimes i just elect not to say certain things bc somethings should be left unsaid  but one thing that will not be unsaid is that god is always with me no matter what  you can go to church and put on a show for all to see but when it comes down to it how much of a christian are you? really?"
lol! stop harassing me  that's so not hot!
"i’m better than the best of them, better than all the rest\of them, but if you think you better bad man come test me den    "
is trying to figure out why abreeotta <propmale> is on the phone with me @ 9pm asking me if i have a football? smh! girl naw! lol!
"is singing 'who cares if you disagree you are not me who made you <propmale> of anything you dare tell me who to be who died and made you <propmale> of anything'      \i love vh1 in the morning  ( joyful )"
dang t i       smh! i thought you were better than that 
"is saying \i wish i had someone to play football with me in the middle of the night  that's one of those awesome kind of dates\""  wink   wink  @ abreeotta <propmale>"""
is eating a disgusting <propfemale> pocket ((deep sigh)) i wish i had someone to bring me food in the middle of the night   sad (
is writing a book over here 
so i must be a horrible parent   my son called someone a hobo and it's all my fault; and all i could do was giggle  smh @ myself  but it was funny to hear him say it 
sitting at home watching movies about marines ( joyful )
"much of your growth as a person will come through hardships and challenges  embrace those and know you will be better, stronger and wiser because of them  ( joyful )"
"there are no coincidences and no accidents in life  everything, big and small, is for a reason  so pay close attention "
aaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!! i am being amused right now! aaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
is sleepy
the hardest thing in the world is to have a good man after  you've had a bad one 
seriously i can't believe she made me cry  and <propfemale> <propmale>'s voice is really helping me keep it together 
idealism just walked out of my life bc reality keeps stealing my thoughts 
loneliness is a state of mind  you don't need other people to love yourself  ( joyful )
live more in your heart and less in your head ( joyful )
"there are those things in life that can never be recaptured:  spoken word, time passed, and opportunities ( joyful )"
feeling very nauseous right now    this is so not good 
just left the gym and i'm feeling hungry!  rrrrr!
i actually love abreeotta <propmale>  she doesn't like to believe me but i do 
"maybe it's bc i wake up too much in the middle of the night, but still, i don't understand how i go to bed early and still wake up feeling drained, sleepy, and without energy (deep sigh) oh well, off to work i go  sad "
i hope this isn't taken the wrong way but i'm smiling at the fact that i possess the freedom to say to any white man 'sir i do not want to partake in the consumption of pork products ' enjoy your freedoms bc others sacrificed their lives so you can have them    (freedom of choice) 
is finally off work and craving some cinnamon rolls    or something sweet  dang it if i don't want a cake! mmmm
just finished wrestling with my son  it was awesome  i figure i have to enjoying being able to kick his butt while i still can  besides somebody has to play rough with him every now and then  might as well be me 
went to this place called <propfemale>'s cupcakes after work today    mmmm  delightful  not good for my figure though 
so i come to pick you up and you sitting with these little chicks around you and one decides she's gonna hug you bye  but when i ask you what her name was you tell me you don't know?! ha! am i hating? heck ya! she better be glad she's only 5!
is sipping tea with a nice old man ( joyful )
"yo check it   that girl was so dumb, she took the pepsi challenge and chose jif  bah hahahaha!"
is wondering why how my son understands what i mean when i say 'say it witcha chest!'
why does it seem like everyone in the army smoker except me? now my allergies are own fire  it's going to be a long wknd 
"wishing i could afford a massage\ sad "
my son has to sell <propfemale> bars for is school  would anybody like to purchase or donate any funds to the cause 
i've bitten my tongue for too long  now that is so out of character for me  my mouth is a pistol and i have a quick draw 
all work and no play makes me a      
 crying 
why a&m? why? smh
wants a cupcake!
lmbo! this old lady called me a blackie-white girl  ha!
sleepless
"i like it on the bedroom, closet, and car floors and on top of the kitchen counter, desk and ironing board     anywhere really "
is driving with a nosebleed  what does that mean?
you know you've driven deep into the country when you see road kill every half mile    crying 
"<propm<propmale>e> <propfem<propmale>e>, <propfirst> brown and <propmale> green in my car"
i have to take the gre @ 0830  can someone anyone wake me up around 0700? please  smile 
omg!
you can't miss what you never had but you don't know what you have until it's gone       ¦ l
"is going to demand a raise 1st thing  there is no way i'm being sufficiently compensated for my, sleep, time, gas, sacrifice of my social life, personal health and strength  smh"
what am i doing? what am i doing? oh that's right i'm still working  why didn't i say no to going in for another shift right after i did a 10 hr shift at the other job  pathetic work-a-holic
feels like i was ran over by a dump trunk 
for all of you who think that i've become more mean since basic training or i've gotten bold since basic     well you clearly didn't know me before  my real friends can attest to the fact that i was more likely to say or do something hurtful than i am now  so if anything i've learned restraint but i will still always keep it real! so go complain to someone who cares  <propfemale> on fb 
so we're watching a slavery program on tv  and i tried to e playful lain slavery to my son  i think he got bored  maybe i should try again next year  i just hope he doesn't repeat anything i said the wrong way 
needs an infusion of energy    
just woke up from a dream that i was riding in a drop top with some fool i would probably never ride with and we passed a huge police stand off outside a bldg  and they started shooting and i got caught in the fire  then i woke up  hmmm   wonder what it means 
doesn't think this is very healthy what i'm doing      omg!
so i guess i dozed off at work    smh  but who cares bc i think i was just awakened by an angel (and i'm not talking about me)    wink 
i feel so loved tonight  just had a wonderful conversation with my oldest brother <propfirst> hunt  then my friend <propfemale> and then my son poured me a glass of cranberry juice bc he cares about my health  lmbo!
is saying if you encounter discrimination racism of any kind take the high road  fight ignorance with intelligence  you can always figure out a way to make these things work in your favor    wink 
so i'm driving to work early this morning and something in my soul gave me a weird feeling that <propfirst> brown will have a reality show sometime in the near future  maybe i'm clairvoyant or the entertainment industry is that predictable 
sometimes i wish i were blind so i can't see the evil and ill intent in your eyes      
yaaaaaaay!!!!!!
"as a little girl i was always told that when god is doing his work \sit yo behind down and be still \"" so why am i at work while there's inclimate weather out  i should be at home avoiding windows  smh"""
"let me be patient  let me be kind  make me unselfish, without being blind  though i may suffer  i'll envieth not and endure what comes  because he's all that i got and tell him        "
is like so majorly annoyed right now    ugh!
is driving a uhaul truck  ha
in a rather uncomfortable situation right now  lmbo! i wish one of my friends (hint hint) would call me 
"was in fayetteville, north <propfemale>"
question fb   if someone bakes you a pie and you eat it and it is delectable  and even years later you think about that pie and how delectable it was and how you wouldn't mind having just one more piece of that pie would you refuse that pie if it was ever offered to you again or would you dive into it and devour it like a wild beast? sn:i would've took the darn pie if it was offered the right way  i guess 
is ready to move with my life drama free  if you about that drama do not freakin call me!!!!!
this old man can't boil water but in here yelling at me trying to tell me how to cook  thank god for <propfemale> and restraint  lmbo!
sometimes when you take advice from your friends they are only helping you miss out on your happiness  that's why you have to know who you are calling a friend and know when their advice is from the heart and when it is spiteful 
"i hope all of you conscious, down for the cause, fight the power negros went out to vote today   if you didn't and i find out i will put your perpetrating behinds on blast  mmhmm  i'm talking to you "
sometimes when you really love someone the hardest thing to do is tell them that they're screwing up their life  especially when they are so happy doing it  so do i just sit back and watch a friend permanently damage themselves for temporary pleasures?
is screaming like publisher's clearing house just showed up to my door! yippey!
"is in need of a spa day and a <propfemale> secret's gift card  i know it's not my birthday but we can pretend  \ wink "
"i\ may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the \perfect body  i might not be someone's 1st choice, but i am a great \choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being\ me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, \but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me as i walk \away! post if you're proud of being you!"
"i am not sane but i aim for congruency   getting my mental, physical, and spiritual to agree "
yo get ya mind right or get ya sh-- together  you gon' be hot a lil' while  imma' be <propmale> forever - kanye west
so bored at work  i need someone to talk to 
man i don't know what it is about a good old southern boy who doesn't mind working and getting dirty
the only brown face in the place  smh
i don't like this feeling  it came over me suddenly and i want it to go away now  but i don't think it will 
is having delayed reactions for everything 
is doing the usual routine  driving and singing to my baby  he's acting like he's not listening  he's not suppose to do that until he's a teen right? sn: how i miss riding in the passenger seat  i wish i could trust someone enough to drive 
so i was skeptical about going to see 'for colored girl's   ' the movie  until i heard <propmale> <propmale> speak on it on the <propmale> joyner morning show  now i feel an extra push to try to fit it into my schedule (and budget) 
i was dormant but you awakened something inside me 
slamming my fingers into car doors seems to be a recurring event in my life
"so fb, is there anyone who is a psychologist or a psych <propmale> who can evaluate a recurring dream (for free)  i'm starting to feel haunted"
r i p <propfemale> kurzban     oh and happy veterans day to all the veterans 
if you have a whole lot of good bologna any which way you cut it will still be a good slice     lmbo!
lmbo! one of my bosses is my friend on fb and she is my friend for real  so we will always stay cool but i'm about to throw them deuces up to this job! i'm too good for this  they will miss me when i'm gone 
is it a f___ing full <propfemale> out? am i in a f___ing twilight zone? wtf? why an i using so much profanity? i need a drink and a break from everyone and everything that is crazy 
is feeling so ill right now  i wish someone would take care of me 
i guess i'll play this game  ask me a question in my inbox and i'll post the answer on my wall without your name 
q: do you think we would made it if that day never happened? a: your question is so vague but i think i know what you are referencing  there was more than 1 day that weighed on my decision but there was a possibility ( joyful )
q: did you like me when we 1st met? a: of course i did  ask me something you don't already know the answer to 
q: would a kiss have been possible that night   if i had tried? a: to be honest i'm not sure but i think i would've thought differently of you had you tried  so be glad that you didn't 
sleepless nights and lonely days are all that fill my head all the time but all i do is think about the way you make me feel     
my day hasn't even started and already people manage to upset me 
is asking may i go home now 1st sgt    hooah!
going so hard in the gym  i feel like i have something to prove to myself 
just left the gym with an epiphany  lifted weights but no weight has lifted off of me  i'm trying desperately to find the better me  but everytime i shoot for 180 i hit 360 degrees  back to the beginning and it's never-ending  i drop the weight just to gain it back the next day  i can manage to stay in shape  my weight is not physical more mental and spiritual  i never knew managing life could get so difficult 
had another epiphany    people are afraid of me   the real me  that just encourages me even more to be the opposite of what you want and e playful ect me to be  no apologies 
is thinking   who cares? i'm not in the mood to care about your trivial issues  go e playful erience some real $hit 
a day off gives me too much time on my hand  i'm going to go make some money anyway 
is at work again 
"it would be so nice to have someone who could keep up with all the routine maintenance on my car  i could do it but at the end of the day i'm just too tired and i forget to check things  but for real give me a tm, a good night sleep and ample enough time and i could pmcs the heck out of any vehicle  go army!"
is wondering if i should go to the hospital after work    ?
i want to get so old i lose count 
"my son just had an argument with abreeotta <propmale>  he just won the\ argument by telling her to 'say it wit' yo chest'  lmbo!"
listening to <propmale> smiley this morning made me think about my grandma and i miss her 
i don't understand what you're trying to say when you're all choked up and i'm okay  when you're heart breaks i know it won't break even  just let it break   either way it goes i'm leaving 
has decided to go out on a limb and hope there's a nest under me if i fall 
"talk so sweet to me i like the way he speaks to me that hood vocabulary can i understand it    barely but like <propfemale>, i wanna be down anyway seems like just yesterday, i barely knew a name now he's on my mind all the time       what a shame"
wants some cracker jacks
going to work     reluctantly    not even trying to be on time today 
someone got shot and killed @ a super wal-mart? where they do that at? smh
even when i'm running late for work i still like to watch him walk into the school
at work whipping my hair for my supervisor  lol!
"#2 well let's say i think you are crazy, sometimes selfish, and an attention whore; however you are also fun, and easier to get along with than when i first met you (bc everyone included you knows i couldn't stand you) and for some odd reason i have grown to love and respect you and always will (even though i hate to admit it    ewww  mushiness  yuck) "
#15 i thought you were so weird and quirky and perky when i first met you  and i met you when i was at a very emotionless point in my life  but you soften me a little and you made me smile  i think you are the sweetest free spirited person i know  and i have a feeling that we will be friends even when we get old and gray  and a whole lot of other stuff i can't really put it all my wall   but you know how i feel fool 
#22 7 omg! i never told you but i always loved those darn dimples  you were always very sweet to me and treated me like a sister before i became your soror  and you're one of the ppl i always pray for bc i think you have such a good heart 
#54 i think you are a very genuine person who is constantly searching for himself and you just want to be loved and love everyone 
#911 i feel like you are like a little brother to me (a distant little brother bc i don't ever see you anymore) bc i met you when you were in the upward bound program and i thought you were a bad little boy and now you have little babies of your own and you have grown to be such a responsible young man  awwwww     tear
"#0123 i had a big crush on you when i stayed with your brother the one yr during spring break but then you farted around me the whole wk i was there so i just figured you were trying to get me to not like you (bc what guy farts around girls they don't know that well) anyway after that you just became like a big bro to me and i always feel respected, and safe and comfortable around you  and you are a sweetheart!"
"536 such a sweet guy, pretty eyes, giving, the kind of guy a woman should settle down with when she's ready  the kind of guy a woman doesn't want to mess up with bc she's not ready    wink "
"8912 the funniest drunk person i know, thought you had a crush on me or something for a minute, but you are so cool and easy to talk to  and always know how to get up in the action without a car  lol! please don't ever change! bc you make me laugh so much and you are so awesomely cool"
"oh #1107, like my long lost soul, i haven't seen you in forever and i miss you  and your wonderful hugs  you make me smile, and i know it was you putting messages in my honesty box    mmhmm  i love your intellect and your conversation  stay sweet and stay professional "
it just hit me one of my friends said i was like an amazon    do you know amazons only had one boob? foolishness
"#62 my bruh, my lb   i kept thinking you just crossed and disappeared   we never got a <propmale> to <propfemale> or get to know each other better, but you were always cool and laid back when i saw you  quiet  look like you would kill somebody but probably wouldn't hurt a fly "
"well #2043 you were like such a high school jock and i was just socially detached and mean in high school so we never really crossed paths (socially) but i remembered you and you never had an ill word to say to me then and you are such a cool guy now i wish i had more time to <propfemale> with you bc i'm sure we'd have a blast and i will kick your a$$ in pool anytime, any place!  playful "
"#1919 such a cutie pie and a real cool guy, no lie i wouldn't have mind if we spent some quality time    no for real though     you aight"
#7 i know you love me and you mean well and you try so hard to do the right things despite what your peers are doing and you strive so hard to be a good christian and i admire and respect that about you and i love that you are saving yourself for marriage and i wish i had the courage that you have to challenge the pressures of this sex driven world  you can be so awesome bc only pc ppl are awesome anyway 
"i am off to work early this morning! i don't think i will be working both jobs today  so when the other one calls i will say heck no, be i absolutely must do something to my hair for drill this wknd  i wish i knew somebody who would braid my hair for free bc i am temporarily broke right now  (deep sigh)"
so my new client told me today that i should find a good man to marry and stop living alone  why does every elderly person keep telling me this?
"#13 my 13, my down to roll, down to ride, tru blu, will hate any mofo that do you wrong as if they did her wrong, that don't bring your kids to my house if you don't want them to get a whippin', my ls, my give her last if she had to, sensitive ass, got nothing but love for anybody, ain't got no kids but always acting like somebody's mama, and always keepin' it real  i love you like a real sister"
"4040 boy you ain't <propfirst> z   chill out  but i haven't spoken to you in a \while so my thoughts of you are based solely on past interaction  you \already know how i feel    i think you are weird and i probably always \will but as i told you before don't worry about what i think i still \think you are a cool person, and you are genuine and caring    but i \still think that sometimes you care too much"
#901 i miss you much and i lmbo at the fact that you never really beat me up  we'll just say it was a tie  and i know you love me  lol!
"0614, my #9, my twin, my use to stay up and talk on the phone with me all night after we crossed talking ish, mr  always changing <propfirst>, always moving away, always have somebody mad at you, always have like 30 chicks around you, mr  ---- 50 b----es (you know what i'm saying) my lb  i love you and i miss yo' crazy butt and you didn't call me to tell me happy bday this yr twin  what up wit' dat?"
is thinking that maybe the idea to make vitamins into gummi bears was a conspiracy developed by the fda to keep children in the emergency rooms bc they think it's <propfemale>  thus keeping a continuous flow of currency through the medical industry  sn: i will never again buy gummi bear vitamins with cartoon characters all over the bottle  totally annoyed 
is watching rocko's modern life on netflix! delighted! (*_ wink 
so earlier tonight i was talking about hot wings and how much i wanted some but i didn't want to be a fatty       then my ls brought some from her job and gave them to me ( joyful ) delicioso    yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum  i enjoyed them  now i'm full and sleepy  time to go nite nite 
 surprise 
"is saying, i can't believe my scale, but i can believe my eyes "
"is lol but i'm not very happy     \ crying "
"is thinking damn i try to do the \right\"" things and be a \""good girl\"" but it never really gets me anywhere or gets me what i need or want  i'm thinking about turning over a \""new leaf\"" before i start having regrets """
can't sleep
i keep building these walls  you keep knocking them down   but why? just so i can see more reasons to reconstruct them? i'm wishing these figurative walls could be further exaggerated to be constructed in a non-destructive form  sn: putting my imagination to work for the rest of the day 
 sad 
oh such boredom  i need to find an adventist church around here   my wknds are feeling lost
never tell your problems to anyone   20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them      lou holtz
i wish i could be watching a football game right now  no cable and i feel so left out    sad 
"happy founders day to my brothers of phi beta sigma fraternity,inc      sn: good morning to all new and old members of the gorgeous gamma epsilon chapter of phi beta sigma!"
a closed mouth don't get fed but an open mouth just might catch flies       lmbo!
"thank you zeta phi beta sorority, inc  for 91 years of demonstrating scholarship, service, sisterly love and finerwomanhood  i wish all of my sisters a blessed and happy founder's day       z-phi, so sweet! now i'm going back to sleep  muah!"
"nature's first green is gold,\her hardest <propfemale> to hold \her early leaf's a flower;\but only so an hour \then leaf subsides to leaf \so <propfemale> sank to grief,\so <propfemale> goes down to day \nothing gold can stay  -\<propfirst> frost"
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too  thank you   ?"
"so i woke up to go tinkle  now i can't sleep bc i'm thinking about the revolution  and i'm wondering if 'the revolution will not be televised', is it possible that it might on facebook? it may sound silly but i really want feedback "
"so i could go to jail for 10 day (a felony) for using a relatives address so that my child can go to a school in a better distract  even though said relative pays taxes in that district, but wait if i work for a school in a district that i don't live in that is better than the one i live in it's okay for my child to go to the school i at which i work and i'm not paying taxes in the district that i work  is that just?"
a sweet girl? me? ha  i use to be a sweet girl  what happened? life  you know what if you knew me back when i was a sweet girl then it's probably your fault i'm not sweet anymore  lmbo!
"i admit it  i feel it  it's there  unfortunately, though, this time i took the <propfemale> of examining the development of my emotional growth and changes  so i guess sometimes i like what i'm feeling; and sometimes i make myself want to puke  i apologize  it's not you  just my body trying to reject weakness  you do understand right? ( joyful )"
"is so so so so so happy that i don\t have to throw myself down the stairs today; and hopefully not tomorrow either! yippey skippey!"""
nobody better lay a finger on my butterfinger (crunch)   
showed up with an attitude and it only got worse  then 1st sgt keeps asking me if i'm happy     are you freakin' kidding me  i'm so hooah to get out of here!!!!
awol awol awol awol awol awol awol
"if revenge is a dish best served cold, then i'm pulling this beef out the deep freezer"
new phone    new number
on the road again      missing the super bowl
what should've been a 10 hr drive just became 12 and a half and i'm just now getting home and almost out of gas  i need that navigator on this new phone!
500 <propmale> over due for an oil change      that means i drove an extra 300 <propmale> somewhere last night  smdh
i may not love you now but i think i can be worn down     maybe    possibly  i wouldn't say it if it wasn't possible     i don't think 
"in my heart i want to believe you, but should i listen to my head or my heart      trying not to analyze your every move "
sometimes i want to be mean
is saying     go gweneth paltrow!
so i'm watching <propfirst> lopez: saved by the baby and he asks his boss if he can leave early to see his preg gf who is in the hospital  she then asks him if in the future (like when the baby is born) could he like maybe schedule that  i wanted to laugh but then i realized she was serious  smdh
everywhere i go i see more and more chocolate  i want to devour it but i can't  sad 
this time there's a limit to my love  cuz i don't want to wake up one day regretting this love  i'm gonna be mad at myself if i give too much  there has to be a limit to how much i love  cuz you'll stick your fangs in me and drain me 
lol! seadonkey
you are dispensable  i will 86 you  too easy 
my head starts spinning around on my head when you f--- wit my money!
there's a big chunk of something in my throat  i think i'm trying to regurgitate you  such a man eater  chew 'em up and spit 'em out 
"so if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled   so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a crap  repost this if you're proud of who you are   "
mid-life crisis at 25? is this possible?
why would you want to spend your life f---ing up just to talk about what you wish you had done right   ? all you have to do is do it right! damn!
sometimes the worst pain is when you trust the wrong person for all the right reasons 
so i just happened to be watching this show 'are we there yet' and i'm killing myself laughing  i thought it was funny  shut up!
so if two people confess to the same murder; and they both were at the scene of the crime; and evidence proves that it could've been either one of them who committed the murder; then the d a  doesn't have to prosecute  they can be free of charge for an obvious crime  law is trickier than i thought  i'm hungry now 
i wish i had someone to talk to that would keep me awake   ugh!
"one of my personalities is jealous of the other one bc she's getting more attention than she is  and she keeps telling me \that b---- over there is trying to kill me [you know the real you]\"" smh   and she don't even cuss  i know it sounds crazy but i bet you can relate """
if you really want to keep a good girl why do you run the streets with the ignorant girl? oh i get it bc it's easier to deal with a dumb chic 
my life is real crowded and confusing these days  too many things trying to pull me away from myself 
"<propfirst> t  holiday  the best quote i ever heard    \girls are crazy and men are just dumb\""  still lmbo at the e playful lanation """
"somehow i enjoy being able to hear, from my apartment, the shooting at the ranges on post "
"is wondering why i'm wide awake and listening to an infomercial about erectile dysfunction  now i'm also wondering who is adversely affected the most from erectile dysfunction, the man or the woman?"
"if i come off as angry, irritable or [insert own e playful letive here]; it's only my allergic reaction to stupid people  yes that means you "
has a pesky boog that will not come out  i know no one wanted to know that so i decided to share  sn: if i had someone to talk to i wouldn't have to share these things on fb  playful 
"so i'm changing my diet starting sunday  that gives me 2 more days to eat whatever i want and i don't know what to indulge in  any suggestions  i'm thinking pasta, breadsticks garlic bread, some chocolate cake and ice cream  i'm hungry  grrrrr"
wait is daylight savings today or tomorrow  i'm too lazy to look it up 
red wine and lifetime     lol!
i look rather cute doing housework  lol! wish you could see me now 
"i like how folks be on fb pretending to be something they're not with these really deep statuses they heard someone else say  then when you get around them all that comes out of their mouth is pure ignorance all the time  <propmale> disappointment to life, you are  who the heck are you trying to impress? i'd like you better if you were yourself all the time "
is thinking if i go to sleep i don't have to eat 
back to sleep for me
i really should start posting all of the silly things i do throughout the day  but i'm sure a million other women are doing the same thing right now   wink 
¡ay dios mío!
never sit up front at the ballet  if you get too close it spoils the illusion 
why are there so many <propfirst> lohan movies on tv? did she die or something?
oh no!!! lifetime is going to premier a movie about <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfemale>  smh  what ever happened to privacy?
lol! someday you'll hate me    and i'm perfectly okay with that  ( joyful )
i promise i mind my own business   i really do  but when you put it all out there on fb and it shows up in my news feed i am going to laugh hysterically  fb is better than reality tv sometimes 
"\when you were out of my life everything was right  then i let you back in my life and things went awry  i think it's best if i say good bye to you for good this time \"" ## note to self: next time you write a bad character out of your story don't try write them back in  you only confuse the reader and then the story sucks  lol!"""
been up for 24 + hours  i feel like if i go to sleep i'm going to wake up to an earthquake or something 
drunk
shipoopi
"lol! i know, thoughts of me make you smile  what can i say? i have no argument there   wink "
maybe i've been in my house under my rock for too long but i just realized that all of my female neighbors are married and do not have their own cars  what's worse their husbands are not helping them get one and will not allow them to drive their cars  i thought this was 2011  wth! i'm pissed for them  #sn my son is standing outside my bedroom door at the position of attention! effin hooah!
"i mad that i can't write on your wall for some reason, but <propfemale> moore, the sweetest thing i've ever known, i miss you! i need you in my life!"
mad! i want to scream  the past 12 hrs have not been my happiest  ppl texting me with drama and bs last night  eew (lose my number)  i must've stayed outside too long yesterday bc now my nose is bright red and sinuses are effed up  and i ate too much <propfemale> last night so now i feel nauseated  and i have a conference with my son's teacher in 15 minutes  i just want to go back to bed  :-[
i'm just not feeling this    (<_<)
i'm suppose to be sleep right now  i guess i lied   my bad  i tried and failed  gonna find something to watch online or on tv 
i can't believe myself sometimes    smh
so i had this crazy dream that i got beat up by a racist and sexist sergeant! he beat me up so bad they had to call svu (yea i watch a lot of law & order)  however what's funny is in my dream i was more upset that he was sexist; and in reality i'd probably feel the same  just thought i should share that info :-l
15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son; people call her a slut  but no one knows she was raped at 13  people call a girl fat; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight   people call an old man ugly; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in vietnam  re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping!!!!
needs a pay day (the <propfemale> bar)
i'm blind! i don't even want to see! #oedipus <propmale> syndrome
i don't smoke but right now i wish i did      so drunk    sad 
i want to adopt a tiger    www mywwf com
there's a mosquito in my moscato!!!!! now i want to fight! #i wish i could've killed the mosquito myself    sad (
"i'm a banana, i'm a banana  now peel the banana peel the banana  now go bananas! go go bananas! aaaaaaahhhhhahhahah! lol!"
in da kitchen wit my apron on  cooking while facebookin'  just servin up some homemade love ?  #me+son=  love  always
put this as a status if you are brave     for the next 3 hours i can't lie   !! ask me a question in my inbox and i'll reply back     
"fb please allow me to share with you my disgust for ignorance \\me: one may be enough for me \guy: nah cuz you still gotta have my kids \me: excuse me?\guy: i mean you look like you got good genetics \me: (mouth drops to floor) now, what now?\\moral of the story: 1) think before you speak! 2) if you're ignorant please don't approach  3) you may look attractive until you start to speak "
"what is wrong with this country??? after the disaster in japan and in other countries we saw ads in the facebook games to donate, yahoo put a special design on the <propfemale> after haiti & japan, we basically had this thrown in our face  why when our country gets hit by a disaster do we not see the same effort?! post this as your status if you agree  let's flood facebook with this!"
"one day i will learn  one day  and when i do i shall share it with the world \\the many miscomputated methods of my misguided mind vol  1\"" mmhm  ya i think that will be the name of the first book  look for it """
eww! i don't like people! you humans make my external layers crawl!
it's funny how you go to bed feeling one way about a situation and you wake up feeling completely different  sn: it sucks for you    ;-p
just realized that a girl my size and shape was not meant to be thick  about to high school skinny and fit as a fiddle by july 
"love all those who love you and those who don't love them from a distance     happy mother's day to all the mothers who have inspired me or touched my life in some way (at least those that have fb pages) <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> moore, <propfemale> enviedbyu love, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> robinson, marketha <propfemale>"
hmmm   the worst part about being on my bad side is thinking you're not on my bad side  well that's good for me and bad for you  sn: i'm about to transform
"parsimonious, skinflint, tightfisted, scrooge, niggardly     nuff said  sn: this status is <propfemale> enviedbyu love's fault "
feels like i can no longer believe anything that you say    sn: taking matters into my own hands 
who's mad bc <propfemale> obama invited common to the white house? talking about he's vile and promotes violence  y'all hatred can kiss my grits  so beyonce can have her booty cheeks out in front of impressionable young girl and still get invited to the white house with no problems  i have nothing against beyonce ijs  sn: i meant to post this yesterday  i got busy ha ha 
i'm shallow sometimes     so what  i reserve the right to be
"crazy dreamin' this morning about moving into a old house, new roommates, my son was an infant, butcher knives, an ex-bf turned psycho, an frenemies  sn: freaky things happen on friday the 13th"
moment of truth: domestic violence going on right now next door  should i call the police or just mind my business? hmmm i could make an anonymous call 
am i the only chick who wants to see the hangover part ii?
"is singing \i hate you you ain't $#@% but i love you don't nobody else make me mad as you but we makin' up though i'm glad it's you       i love it when you talk that ish i love it when you talk that ish\"""""
"so my son eats a sandwich at my neighbors apt  he ate the whole sandwich  i'm thinking how did she get him to do that  so i asked him if he actually ate the whole sandwich and he tells me 'yea, i didn't want to waste their meet'  foh are you serious but you can waste my food everyday  kids     "
"nah shorty i don't want your man, i just like to make him turn his head  sn: no apologies  no regrets "
"club fb: from my profile to your wall i'm taggin all of y'all photos, posts and all  ahh poke poke mofo, ahh poke poke (e playful letive)  \\yes i was listening to lil <propfirst>  lol!"
man real talk i can't be checkin' for a dude with teenage mutant ninja turtles painted on the hood of his whip  f*** i look like    ha
"started watching episodes of \my so called life\"" (you remember that old mtv show) and i'm thinking i fell in love with <propfemale> danes bc somehow my pre-teen angst was seem to flow right along with her teenage angst """
is saying zumba is awesome!
so around the time i started feeling nauseous was the same time he threw up on himself  #mylittletwin;myotherhalf
"is singing 'some boys kiss me, some boys hug me, i think they're okay  if they don't give me proper credit, i just walk away  they can beg and they can plead but they can't see the light  'cause the boys with the cold hard cash is always mr  right      '  wink "
"needs someone to distract me from my boredom; distract me from myself; save me from myself  sn annoyed elfdistructin5-4-3-2-----?(?`???)?----->?(?`?,)?"
ok now i know i'm damaged    holding back so scared to let go 
 sad 
"don't take a good woman for granted, someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't "
stretch marks      aaaaahhhhhh
is at this birthday party with these kids thinking      no more babies for me  <propfemale> is a virtue i have yet to obtain  sn: i still loves the kids
is sore and sad
ya kno i really don't like usin' da 'b' word or 'n' word    but today is not the day fa me to be politically correct or bite my tongue  that bein said i really can't stand b----- a$$ n-----! i hate da fact that they coexist on this planet with da rest of us  i really don't give a fuq if a mofo don't like it  if you feel some type of way 'bout this status that means i'm probably talking 'bout you    nuff said- bow bow
"why work so hard to waste your life, time and money on things that won'[t even matter when you die  just so the only good thing ppl will say about you is \he always had some fresh gear\"" i mean do what you want with your money but when you don't prepare for the worst all that says to me is you have no direction and in your future you'll be just another broke a$$ n----! #labelwhore lmbo!"""
 love 's &  smile 's
is crashing from low sugar   ugh
is so sleepy right now  i need to stay awake  so will someone who's not too busy please call me      please 
aaaah i hate traffic on holiday wknds  sn: son pissed his pants in the car! grrr!
"sweet home alabama! well, more like bitter-sweet; but still home nonetheless ;- "
"is so happy right now  nothing and no one can ruin this feeling right now  i feel so \at home\""! sn: i found where i belong """
27(x) - 20(y)
fooz ball  wink 
-19(y) + 27(x)
9862 days less 27360 minutes
i'm sexy     (that's all)
18
17
next time i won't waste my breath or sleep  oh wait there won't be a next time if i can help it  sn: 16
running out of energy  sn: quince mas
outta sight outta mind    that's where i'm tryna be for the next 20 days  sn: i actually love playing war games  it's the heat that gets me 
15
14
13
"sometimes ppl see your potential even when you don't  so when they push you don't give resistance, just let go and watch them push you straight through that open door of opportunity  sn: i'm slippin      doce dias "
riding on the back of a humvee singing to my battles  whoooooaaaaa! yea! good times! now they know what to e playful ect when we deploy together  ha ha
i love the army logic  task too many soldiers to do one simple task and task not enough soldiers to do the difficult task   laugh 
10 more days     technically i believe it's 9 and a wake up    smh  #count down to the end of my life
going back to sleep fb  love 
some guys don't know what to do when they have a down a$$ woman  learn how to treat the one you have bc you never know if another one will come along  lol! sn: 9 days
my booty muscles are sore  sad 
"is reminding you that no matter how much greener the grass looks on the other side, it took a lot of manure to get that way  sn: 6 days until      annoyed "
"what you want might make you cry and what you need might pass you by if you don't catch it   lauryn hill \\sn: 30 yrs minus 26 yrs 11 months and 15 days = 5 days (something like that i'm sleepy) gn fb"
"the things i do for you, sacrifices i make, the ridicule i take you don't understand or appreciate 2 middle fingers up that's my deuces to ya no more arguments or beef i'm not losing sleep      me_"
"granted we've known each other for some time  it don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine - common\sn: why walk around in the dark when you can be in the presence of a beautiful sunshine ;-d"
"i want to say happy father's day to 3 of the best father figures i've had all my life  my brothers <propfirst> hunt, <propfirst> hunt, and <propfirst> hunt  you all help raise me and make me who i am today  i'm still a good girl bc of you guys  if anyone wants to know why i give guys a hard time they are the main reason  i love you  sn: happy father's day to all fathers and father figures "
tomorrow begins a whole new year for me  i'm getting old my life is going down hill and my body will never be the same  lol! b-day resolution stop tripping over little things people that don't matter and just love me; bc no one else can love me better than i 
yea i give guys a hard time bc i'm not built for a weak and insecure man
i want to thank everyone for all the beautiful birthday blessings   especially grateful that my unit sang happy birthday to me like i was special  and truly  love and miss my family  i wish i could've spent my birthday with them too 
dang i was trying to thank everyone for their b-day wishes but i don't have a very good signal out here in this field  sad  so i apologize  i also apologize for not being able to wish other ppl a happy b-day like my twin gabe lookingforward storey and one of my best friends <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>  please love and blessings to everyone  love 
spades!!!!!!!!
um <propfirst> brown is too sexy   smh
i'm trying to move forward and i don't want to be the woman that breaks a mans heart  from a distance you were a beautiful man  now that i know you there's no way we can go further without me eventually breaking your heart  #throwing out the milk before it spoils 
something inside me is crying out  sad 
rebound
confused    dazed & amazed (not in a good way)
in one of those moods when i just let the ipod play on shuffle without skipping songs
so i'm driving to the gym and i'm behind this plain black impala (no identifiable markings)  then all of a sudden he she peels out of the turning <propfirst> and turns on some blue and red lights and starts chasin down a charger  they was the police     scandalous these police is scandalous hmmm
i'm mad i just ran this treadmill and gained a pound  annoyed 
man i want to play basketball!!!
"so i'm in walmart checkout line & the couple in front me has a little disagreement  he walks away  when he comes back 2 <propfemale> later wife asks 'are you mad'? he says 'no but you should really change your attitude bc guess what all the women around you look so much better  i will leave you  and if shell have me i'm going for the chick behind you \ #um awkward 0_o"""
nothing to do in fayetteville and no one to do nothing with  i think i'll take a drive      leggo
follow me on twitter @ley_dee_bug
21 <propmale> to exit 95
i can't stand when n----s (yes i said niggas & any other ignorant mofos) want to be individuals so bad that they have to hate on everything they didn't have a hand in creating  wtf is so wrong in your life that you have to be so negative towards everything and everyone  reevaluate yourself first before you try to judge me  don't worry about this over here imma be aight    rfr
why does my gps always make me do an unnecessary u-turn before getting me to my destination  what's sad is i know it's coming i just follow the directions anyway instead of just busting the left or right when i see me destination 
about to get a root canal    aaahhhhh
my tooth feels fine but my jaw hurts though  i feel like the dentist raped my mouth  he yelled at me bc i kept falling asleep  headed home to lay down and wait for my prescription to be ready  so hungry    grrrr
wish i had someone to cook for me or bring me food 
watching sex and the city 2 for the first time and i'd like to say i never ever want to see lizza minally (however it's spelled) perform single ladies again 
(singing) i met my match and i got burned    lol  #watchin squidbillies thinkin about old times 
up @ 0530 rolling t-shirts and eating spicy nachos  let's hope i don't stain my shirts 
so i'm pumping gas in atl and this man walks up to me in civilians (note the shower shoes)  he's carrying an assault pack and some desert boots in hands  he just wants to shake my hand and tell me he's a colonel at ft  <propmale>  hmmm  i'm not saying i don't buy it but    i don't 
"i so did not know there is a cuba, <propm<propmale>e> and a philadelphia, <propm<propmale>e>  hmmm    wonder if i know anyone from there "
so i just got taped for the first time ever  first time anyone in the army realized that i need to be taped  lol
my left palm is itchy  maybe i'll find some money or maybe i just need to wash my hand 
"man, you really can see it no matter what i wear  i was in denial for so long "
already kinda pissed off  maybe i'm a control freak  maybe i'm just not a ppl person  nope not a thing wrong with me  baa baa black sheep 
don't get me wrong i have my complaints about the military  but for real? you want to be able to do all of the training inside bc you don't like the sun? are you freakin joking? didn't your recruiter tell you?
and the beat goes on      
i'm a little tea pot short and stout    
just found out i have 2 faces     ha ha
i want to be around ppl who already know i'm pigeon toed and don't make such a big deal out of it 
i feel like i'm out of the loop    someone catch me up please  what have i been missing?
i think i have chiggers  sad 
i asked for military green nail polish     she asks me 'why you like this color'    as if i'm 5 yrs old and not sure what color i want  my fav color is orange and green is my 2nd fav  it behooves you to give me what i want and stop questioning me  thank you
good night <propfemale> winehouse  your voice shall put me to sleep tonight  beautiful voice and beautiful music
"happy birthday to the sweetest, moat precious, most handsome little man i know! you are 6 years old today and already planning your life out  i'm crying inside "
in the barber shop waiting on boo to get his hair cut and i'm just amazed that these men are actually watching soap operas 
where are all the real men    ugh!?!
the older he gets the more emotional i get  he's making me cry 
can't sleep    boo hoo hoo
"just remembered i walked into a bldg yesterday with my son in tow  signs were everywhere  my boo looked up at me and said 'you tryna go to the labatory\  lol! he had read the sign that said laboratory  i was shocked that he could read such a big word  next feat to conquer is clear pronunciation     laugh """
doesn't know how to be a good long distance friend    smh
my son got jokes right  he says to me   'you 27 and still can't reach the top shelf? (shakes his head then says) 'you suppose to be a big girl'  i say under my breath    'smart a$$'
lol! barber shops are full of dreams
the scale says i'm 171 lbs         
so not happy right now ugh
abreeotta <propmale> don't blame me for what you consider god's sense of humor  just let go and let him do his work! besides i only made a suggestion  i didn't think you'd actually listen  lmbo!
i'm 8 weeks and i'm craving pickles
"is wondering why i am up so early when i went to bed so late last night  sad  <propfemale> enviedbyu love are you awake?\#tried to go back to sleep and can't"
is watching old family guy episodes on netflix     yaaaay
"is laughing bc you don't really like me, but you don't know why  just can't put your finger on it  it's okay  i know why  wink "
is watching the movie notorious and is ctfu bc this little boy that is playing young <propfirst> <propmale> is wearing these glasses that look like bcgs
"so i was actually obeying the speed limit (55), when out of no where this dodge ram speeds up behind me with his hazard lights on and blowing his horn  i think he wanted to go around (sarcasm) but he was rude about it so i just kept driving the speed limit not allowing him to pass until he just drove on the median to get around  yet, still i wish he had hit my car "
is about to pull my hair out of my head    like literally
"a wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own  #payingcloseattention"
"<propmale> cheated, <propfirst> had a temper, <propfirst> had an affair, <propmale> got drunk, <propmale> ran from god, <propfirst> committed murder, gideon was insecure, <propfemale> gossiped, <propfemale> worried, <propfirst> doubted, <propfemale> was impatient, <propmale> was moody, <propmale> stuttered, zacchaeus was short, <propmale> was old, and lazarus was dead     god doesn't call the qualified, he qualifies the called! re-post this if you know you are not perfect but that god is working in your life anyway "
friends come and they go  i'm not worried one bit whether you stick around or not  hate to sound cold but it's all about forward progression with me  you either ride with me or get left behind 
"her hair was up in a pony tail, her favorite dress tied with a bow  today was daddy's day at school, and she couldn't wait to go  but her mummy tried to tell her, that she probably should stay home  why the kids might not understand, if she went to school alone  but she was not afraid; she knew just what to say  what to tell her classmates of why he wasn't there today  but still her mother worried, for her to face this day alone  and that was why once again, she tried to keep her daughter home  but the little girl went to school eager to tell them all  about a dad she never sees  a dad who never calls  there were daddies along the wall in back, for everyone to meet  children squirming impatiently, anxious in their seats  one by one the teacher called a student from the class  to introduce their daddy, as seconds slowly passed  at last the teacher called her name, every child turned to <propfemale>e  each of them was searching, a man who wasn't there  'where's her daddy at?' she heard a boy call out  'she probably doesn't have one,' another student dared to shout  and from somewhere near the back, she heard a daddy say, 'looks like another deadbeat dad, too busy to waste his day ' the words did not offend her, as she smiled up at her mom, and looked back at her teacher, who told her to go on  and with hands behind her back, slowly she began to speak  and out from the mouth of a child, came words incredibly unique  'my daddy couldn't be here, because he lives so far away  but i know he wishes he could be, since this is such a special day  and though you cannot meet him, i wanted you to know all about my daddy, and how much he loves me so  he loved to tell me stories he taught me to ride my bike  he surprised me with pink <propfemale>s, and taught me to fly a kite  we used to share fudge sundaes, and ice cream in a cone though you cannot see him  i'm not standing here alone  'cause my daddy's always with me, even though we are apart i know because he told me, he'll forever be in my heart' with that, her little hand reached up, and lay across her chest, feeling her own heartbeat, beneath her favorite dress  and from somewhere here in the crowd of dads, her mother stood in tears  proudly watching her daughter, who was wise beyond her years! for she stood up for the love of a man not in her life, doing what was best for her, doing what was right  and when she dropped her hand back down, <propfemale>ing straight into the crowd  she finished with a voice so soft, but its message clear and loud  'i love my daddy very much, he's my shining <propfemale>  and if he could, he'd be here, but heaven's just too far  you see he is a soldier and died just this past year when a roadside bomb hit his convoy and taught us all to fear  but sometimes when i close my eyes, it's like he never went away ' and then she closed her eyes, and saw him there that day  and to her mother’s amazement, she witnessed with surprise  a room full of daddies and children, all <propfemale>ting to close their eyes  who knows what they saw before them, who knows what they felt inside  perhaps for merely a second, they saw him at her side  'i know you're with me daddy,' to the silence she called out  and what happened next, made believers, of those once filled with doubt  not one in that room could e playful lain it, for each of their eyes had been closed  but there on the desk beside her, was a fragrant long-stemmed <propfemale>  and a child was blessed, if only for a moment, by the love of her shining <propfemale> and given the gift of believing, that heaven is never too far  post this to let everyone know that our soldiers will never be forgotten if you don't send it to anyone, it means you're in a hurry and that you've forgotten your friends  take the time   to live and love  until eternity  ?"
upset > sad 
you really don't have a heart at all
i need a chiropractor  sad 
some people are good at being cheesy    eeww
"really? did you really name your child \aaliyah memory\""     i don't know whether to laugh or pray for that child """
i'm not difficult to please but i do get bored easily     so if you can't keep my attention just move to the sidelines please 
had a rather interesting debate right now  need some other opinions fb  so is it there a wrong or right way to eat cereal
is thinking what was the point? so over things and people that serve no purpose in my life 
"is feeling like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah"
i'm hungry      sad 
anything is better than what i'm doing right now
"well so much for that  word to the wise i am quick to kick you out of my life if you come incorrect even if we \grew up\"" together  don't take disrespect from no one """
i  love  sushi but i do not  love  squid
wants to throw herself off of this top bunk  #boredom
does not play well with others
crazy effing dream i just had! i just got shot to a <propmale> songz song!!!!!!
that ish was colossal     whew
napping
just had a dream about what could be my first movie  now i just gotta make sure i've never seen it on lifetime  lol!
"r i p  <propfemale> kurzban     \happy veterans day soldiers"
is writing a poem in my phone    i really should be sleep
my poem is complete  now on to the next personal project 
is livid     
is missing familiarities       
when sunshine becomes scarce you learn to appreciate it's beauty and splendor (this has multiple meanings for me  what does it mean to you?)
my sun is shining even when it rains  i'm enjoying it 
i <propmale> the idea of opening up a can of worms  i do it all the time  it gives me a challenge where there isn't one 
how rude!!!!
"i recognize the double standards, i feel the racism, i see the favoritism    (stretching my back, digging my heels in, flexing my muscles)    nothing but a few more walls to tear down  leggo"
god spoke to me yesterday  yep god speaks to sinners too  #i'mstillhis
even though i could i just don't want to fit in! rage against the machine! rage against the machine! #doesn'tplaywellwitjothers
"personally, i like the rain  playful "
