cff55b03f2f1bdfb9d157f51e3913fe9
is on vacation for 10 days!!!!
i'm so sick and tired of people trying to create drama when there really is no need for it  but i guess that is just the way it goes when you work with a bunch of imature people that don't seem to have anything better to do with there time  as for me from now on i'm just going to work and gonna do the best job that i can and stay out of it all  i'm not there to be anyones friend 
had a very busy day and tomorrow is looking like it may be just as busy   
"thank you everyone for your birthday wishes, for those of you that didn't  wish me a happy birthday that's ok there is always next year  wink "
stuff is so messed up right now      not sure what i'm gonna do!
can't wait till tomorrow it's my friday!!
"i try so hard to make others happy, i think i'm gonna try to make myself happy    does that make me a selfish person?"
sitting here getting my tat done  its gonna be a long day!
hope <propfirst>'s tests turn out alright  doc says he has a good strong ticker! just hope the brain scan turns out good too!
happy birthday to my baby boy t j !!!!!!! 16 years old today! i feel so old right now!
3 day weekend here i come!!!
"how do you love a person\who never got to be, \or try to envision a face \you never got to see?\how do you mourn the death of one\who never got to live \ah! my little baby,\you lived like anyone!\life's a burst of joy and pain \and then like yours, it's done \i love you, my little baby,\just as if you'd lived for years \no more, no less, i think of you,\the angel of my tears"
bitch ass neighbor threatened  my son and dog with a gun!!! i hope she goes to jail!
"sat in the e r  for 4 hrs last night with a sick kid, and now i have the crap!!!"
making split pea soup! yummy
had an awesome night at work!
i had an amazingly awesome day at work   must have been the good oldies music 
my baby turned 12 today! man i feel so old right now!!!
i like it on the computer desk
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we carried but never met, or those we have held, but could not take home, or the ones that came home, but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all lost angels!"
"please\put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish\for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease\nor a choice -people who are gay are not looking for a cure but \acceptance and equal rights!! 93% won't copy and paste this  will you \      make it your status for at leas   t one hour?     ? promote love \& acceptance, not hate!"
i wont be doing that again     not for awhile at least!!!!
i lost my phone last night so i need everyones <propfirst>
i got to see the most wonderful person this morning!!! i love you <propfemale> you made my day!!!
what do you want to do before you die?
blah!
"cousins are there as childhood friends, and are there when we are older as forever friends     no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  repost if you have a cousin or cousins that makes you smile   cousins are awesome  love \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zr laugh m985yyus"
took some cold medicine and heading to bed   i hope i feel better tomorrow 
just got home from black friday sales at walmart   that was soooo much fun we got there at 11 smile 0 last night and just got done!!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood\and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, there should be \no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  (forthe fight \against child violence!)"
not true!!!
ok so thats how you wanna be? delete my comment and dont even reply thats alright just remember who has always been here for you no matter what it was that you needed  well that just closes the book for me thanks i was getting rather bored with the story line anyway 
why the fuck do you have to break my heart and then just stomp on it like that? i dont know how much more i can take   
well this is gonna be fun!!!
i am so glad to hear that <propmale> is home safe!! it completely broke my heart to talk to <propfemale> tonight and hear the pain in a loving mothers heart! i pray that this is the kind of pain that i will never have to e playful erience myself 
"i hope <propfemale>ryone has a safe and fun new years <propfemale>!!! as for me i will be in hell, also known as work  wish me luck!!"
17 years ago today i married the most amazing man i know!! happy anniversary <propfirst>!
omg i love smoking gun dumbest criminals!!
i went bowling for the first time in 11years and had a blast!!
got a new tattoo!!
well after getting home at 3 smile 0 this morning from deadwood and waking up at 8 surprise 0 and sitting at the tattoo shop for 4 hours i am so ready for bed    have a good night everyone 
everyone can just kiss my a$$ im done with stupid bull shit!!
