d8ecb16fbcd327ca5b93d3e48c9596f7
10 more days!!! i am so excited!!!
so far my diet is going pretty well  this month i have lost 11 lbs  still haven't lost as much as <propfirst> though  but it's all good  time for a new me!! smile 
that was an amazing game!!! hahahahaha!! the colts lost!! too funny!!! peyton was crying!!hahahaha!! he should've been named mvp for the saints!!!
<propmale>  you can call me mrs  <propmale> now!! smile 
"had a wonderful day yesterday  the devil was trying to bring us down but it didn't work!! first the snow, of course, then daja woke up at 3 in the morning getting sick  <propfirst> stayed up with her all night  then after we got married, we went out to eat  later that night after our cake, <propfirst> got what daja had!! but all in all it was a wonderful day  thank you <propfemale>, <propmale>, d, and steph!! much love to all of you!!"
"last night we went to red lobster and the comedy club  i had soooo much fun last night!! thanks again <propmale>, <propfemale>, d, steph, <propmale>, and <propfemale> for an awesome time!!! we have such good friends  thank you my husband for a beautiful night!! i love you!!"
sorry everyone for coming into our home and getting you sick!!! wasn't on purpose  or was it?!? lol!!! i hope everyone is feeling better 
"of course, i get that flu  luckily i am just real tired and real sore  none of that rushing to the restroom every 30 mins !! yuck!!!"
happy birthday to my wonderful husband today!!! i love you very much!!
"my oldest, kurestin <propfemale>, born october, 1999, at 12:41  she weighed in at 7 lbs  7 ozs  18 1 2 inches long  my beautiful little girl!!!"
"quite exciting last night!! watched a guy out front of out apartment get pulled over, a sobriety test, handcuffed, and taken away!! i felt like one of those old snoopy neighbors who just couldn't close the blinds  fun fun  surprise )"
"had a nice night tonight  had friends over, played board games, and enjoyed the night!! fun fun  surprise )"
"i can't believe <propfirst> haim passed away!! i know he was battling addiction, but he was an icon!! what the hell is happening to our role models? is it to the point that we can't let our children watch anything on the t v  or radio? this world is so messed up  what happened to the good ol' days?"
"game night last night was to much fun!! <propmale>, you can sing the blankity blank ( in the tune? of <propfemale> in the bottle) song anytime!! too funny!! that was great!! lol"
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence   hicksville, oh"
if you are brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3  talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: cool  7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute  
we just watched the movie brothers  it was awesome  it touched me in so many ways  i cried so much!!! that one will have me thinking for awhile! two thumbs up!!
got called home early from work because my oldest was throwing up and having the runs  fun! fun!
"how many of us really know all of the people on our friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how you met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be  are we really friends?"
just got back from the movie theaters  my oldest and i watched the new <propfemale> in wonderland  it was a great movie!!!
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile """
want to say congratulations to tiph!!!
if anyone plays social city send me an invite  for some reason i can't send any out 
"here comes <propfirst> cottontail, hopping down the <propfemale> trail  hippity-hoppity easter's on its way!! happy easter everyone!!!  smile "
"i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven "
facebook games are like crack  you just can't stop playing them!! i am so addicted!!
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh, whom you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down, a hard worker, and a man that you are thankful to god for every day, copy and paste this to your profile  ? ? ? luv u <propfirst>"
omg!! i can't stand argueing with people when they know they are wrong  especially when 3 people already told them they was wrong  grrr!!! that shit really pisses me off  damn stupid ass people!!!
well i start out at <propfirst> products on monday  it's 3rd shift but atleast it's monday through friday!!! i'll have a life again!!! yeah!!!
"i love my close friends very much  and when one gets hurt sick it's very upsetting  so d, u better take some pills and stay the hell out the hospital  but on a lighter note, the pic was quite amusing!!  smile "
had my orientation today  start on 3rd tonight  i am so excited!!
"my first night at work went by real well  it feels so good not having to deal with ignorant customers!!! i'm home!! lol i never knew how much i would miss the \factory life\""!!"""
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms,    i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven "
"i'm kinda upset  just found out my old boss is upset because i quit  i put so much time and effort at that place and worked for minimum wage, when i was worth so much more  when a job affects your life and how your children look at you, it is time to move on and find something that can keep the home  so i'm sorry if i pissed her off  if you woulda treated me better and paid me what i was worth, i might have stayed "
mom had her surgery yesterday  she is doing good  she had a hernia  she goes in on the 19th for a biopsy on her neck  it takes her 10 years to go to the doctors and now she finds out she is falling apart!! smile  lol!!
happy birthday daja!! it's her big number 2!!!
"thank you friends and family who came over for daja's birthday party!! we had great food, and she will be dressed for the whole summer!!  smile  i appreciate everything very much!!"
happy father's day to all the dad's out there!!! and an extra special happy father's day to my wonderful husband  we love and appreciate you very much!! you are my rock!! this is your day <propfemale>  take advantage of it!!  wink 
"place\of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know\where your fb friends were born  copy & paste this on your profile,\then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    hicksville, oh"
went walking for an hour today  didn't realize how hot it was outside until walking into the nice ac!!! felt good though!!
yeah!! hopefully my <propfemale> has a job!! cross your fingers for me!!!
"come 7pm, some football will be on (all be it the first hour is flag football)  heaven pure heaven!!! are you ready for some football!!!???? i love football season!!"
"so excited!! got the new cable line up today  we finally have boomerrang!! i am a true kid at heart!! love these old cartoons!! childhood memories, here i come!! woohoo!!!"
"went and seen inception today  pretty good movie  ate at applebee's  good food  can't go out, cause i have housework (mainly laundry) to do  ahhh    i know i'm getting old when that's my excitement for the weekend!! haha but pittsburgh is playing!! makes it much better for me "
"husband'sweek: if you have a husband who makes your life interesting, full of fun and is your best friend, who's been with you through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life, and to whom you are proud to be married - copy and paste this to your status with the date you were married     2-9-10"
hoping to hit the gym tomorrow morning  on a mission!!!
going to be a long night  dealing with a sick baby  i feel so bad for young ones when they throw up  i feel so helpless!!
had a conversation at work last night  you know who you are!! has anyone heard of poop particles??? please help!!
excited to say that <propfirst> starts at campbell's on monday!!! woot woot!!! only took 2 years to find a job 
<propfirst> is enjoying work and daja is loving day care  everything feels so right!! hopefully all this lasts!!!
mmmmmmm          coffee!!!!
daja isn't feeling well  i've had a long day with her and i think it's gonna be a long night 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! it has meant alot to me!!
"if you have a wonderful man who is your whole world, who isn't perfect \but is perfect for you, who works hard (and plays hard) and would do \anything for you, makes you laugh   who is your bestfriend (& \sometimes your only) who you want to grow old with   (if you don't kill \him first) and who you are thankful for every day, then post t   his as your status!!! i love you <propfirst> <propmale>!!"
"today is my oldest, kurestin's birthday!!! 11!!!boy am i feelling old!!! happy birthday kurestin!!!! i love you!!!!"
waiting to make an appointment for my youngest  she was running a fever last night and saying her ear hurt  i have no luck with her!! she always has something wrong with her!!
whelp    she has an earache  she is on sulfate because she is allergic to amoxicillan  so hopefully this cures her  sick kids are no fun!!!
happy turkey day everyone!!!
and it's on like donkey kong  go pittsburgh!!
god i love big <propmale> & hines <propmale>!!
just walked right in!! woo hoo!! td!!
wtf!! sacked twice!! wtf!!
oh my god!! this game is giving me a heart attack!! come on steelers!!
oh my god!! that was a heart attack waiting to happen!! way to go pittsburgh!!
"ostriches  ostriches  why are there so many ostriches? i thought they said there wouldn\t be so many ostriches?!"""
redbull
"with all of my amazing ninja skills, the squirrels still kicked my ass!!!!"
where was the flag? he just punched <propmale> in the face and broke his nose! if it was <propmale> or manning there woulda been a flag  ughh!!
a man runs into a pyschiatrist off with nothing on but cellophane  the pyschiatrist says i can clearly see your nuts! thanks <propmale>!! too funny!!
hammer  bammer bammer  wtf??
sooooo sleepy!!! time to hit the sheets!!
so upsetting  my oldest and i went to riverside to visit my dad because it has been 22 years today since he was taken from me and i can't find his resting place  i'll try again 
happy birthday to my brother <propfirst>!! the big 34 today!!
coffee is made  roast is on  <propfemale> has came  ahh    what a wonderful morning already  i hope everyone has a wonderful <propfemale> christmas 
just got back from getting my new tattoo!!! yay!! love it!!!!
tastes like a krabby <propfemale> but it's shaped like a weiner     gotta love spongebob!! lol!!!!
"i'm plankton, you old hag! and your son smells like boogers!!!     ahhh    spongebob, you make me laugh!!!"
ahhhh      playoffs today!! making some nachos and enjoying the games  amazingly i'm gonna root for the seahawks and oh my the cowboys  can't believe i wrote that down    lol!!
oh my bad  go jets!! kick them colts ass!!
damn!!
missed work last night cause my eyes and back was hurting  damn i must be getting old!!! slept like a baby last night!!
45 mins to game time baby!!! woot woot!! go steelers!!!!
c'mon steeler nation!!! let's get this game rollin'!!!!
we gotta touchdown!!! hey! hey! hey!
this game gonna give me a heart attack  need 2 quit messin around and get our heads in the game  knew it would be tough but this is silly!
we won!!! we won!!! we won!!! way to go steelers!!! woot!!! woot!!!
yeah   umm  it was pretty bad this morning  that was a whole lot of ice!!
"here we go!! go steelers!!\sorry <propfemale> abt your bears! cutler's punk ass!! good job to hanie for trying!"
damn cheating officials!! they shoulda all be fired  bull measurement!
missing a nap for this game     it is well worth it!!! go pittsburghnnn
wtf!! steelers need to step up!! nail bitter!!!
oh how i wish pouncy was in there!! ugh!!
hell yeah!! we goin!! woohoo!!!
had a wonderful day shopping with my oldest  tomorrow i am doing her hair and having a girls day!! too much fun!!!
oh crap! it's starting!! snow snow go away!!
"welp defiance county is under a level 2 now  blizzard, blizzard go away!!"
to all my <propfirst> products friends      we are closed at all facilities 
why did the cook get arrested? he was caught baeting an egg! hehe damn commercials!
can't believe we are still under a level 2  there is alot of snow out there!! oh and that groundhog is full of it!!
"ºsteelers wave!!:„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤keep the wave going\¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº\lets go steelers!¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºl-e-t-s\go!„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤let's go steelers!¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø"
f@*# that 
layed down for a little nap before work last night and woke up sick  ugghhh    that wasn not good    
happy anniversary to my wonderful husband  thank you for a wonderful year!!! i love you very much!!
i'm spongebob juungle pants    cacaw!!!! lmao!!!!
up to urgent care i will be going at 4  muy oldest sat and let her sister put a bead (i think) down her ear  i can't get it out and if the doctor can't get it out they said she has to go to a specialist  i am so furious right now   it's not funny 
"had to work last night and heard the best funniest thing in my life  \ i like those white skunks  they are easy to see  you know the ones with pink eyes?\""\",d8ecb16fbcd327ca5b93d3e48c9596f7,"in the words of <propmale> \take it in the face\"" snow and ice"""
is anyone else having problems with cityville? it hasn't uploaded for me in about 4 or 5 days 
"if your dad is or was a hard working man, your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or is just the best dad ever  if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad, and that you love him!! i love and miss you dad!! <propmale> <propmale> 6-19-1954 12-23-1988"
pringles stix <propfemale> butter are awesome!!!!!
"??? if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world  who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you  who works hard and would do anything for you  who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, and who you could not live without  brag about him a little and re-post this as your status  ??? i love you <propfirst> <propmale>!"
well sucky sucky    got a long weekend   should be good but i want the money!!! damn tsunami!!!!
had a really good day today     enjoyed going to <propmale>'s 18th birthday party     it was nice catching up with friends and seeing their smiling faces!!!
"????????????????? ????? ?????????????????\? if you have a gorgeous daughter s , put this as your status ?\????????????????? ????? ?????????????????"
banana
