87c2344116bef39dcf83cf6457debb0d
i finally graduated!!! yay!!! i wanna go clubbing in order to but    everyone's too busy  sad 
ugh    i h8 college paperwork!!! wish i could burn it to ashes!!!!!!  sad 
"i rly wanna get my tongue pierced soon    before i start classes, maybe? *shrug*"
yay! i rly am getting my tongue pierced! it's all set & i'm so excited!!!
insomnia sucks    especially if u can't sleep b c of stomach problems t_t
is looking for a job that actually pays good   
i'm creating my herbal remedy journal!  love 
i'm going to start class soon    dammit! i'm very nervous  sad 
"hiiii! lol, what have u been up 2?"
i gotta do homework but i don't wanna  anyone else feel the same?
"hey! i'm just going to college and being my boring ol' self  omfg, i miss u 2  how r u???"
i'm finally done with my herbs poisons research!!!  love   love   love 
i hate my life right now  my mom's to blame   
no words could ever describe the sorrow that has been living in my heart since the day i heard that my mother said that she has no daughter and that i am disowned just for defending my beliefs   
i just got back from a job interview    i hope i get the job! i really need the cash  troubled 
ugh    fatigue    need sleep    feel like throwing up   
i have insomnia again  woot! (sighs)
tired    i'm gonna grab a cigarette then go to sleep  all-nighters are not fun!  sad 
i might move in w  my dad in md   
"i feel like i'm here but yet not  it's like i can still feel what is pain and yet i can't  kind of like you're lost at sea  you try to figure a way out but the only way out is escaping into the recesses of your mind  my body's in autopilot & my mind is on its coffee break  i haven't been able to go out and enjoy myself like normal but then again, i enjoy the torture of my sanity slipping away slowly "
i'm bored of job hunting!!! can't some random place just hire me already?!
"first she's loving and caring  the next minute, she's insuting me ang degrading me  then, she calls me a monster that came out of her very womb? is something wrong with this picture? i cried myself to sleep last night wondering: am i really a monster? am i so bad that my own mother rejects me?"
i have a sore throat for my funeral preparation troubles    no offense to uncle <propmale> but i'm glad we were able to make the funeral go w o a hitch and get it over with  throat    hurts   
"my throat even worse than yesterday!!! dammit, i got the sniffles  sad "
i'm looking for psych therapy places! good for the noggin  joyful 
i hate rain   
i'm so proud of myself  i just donated some canned food as a part of a food drive that the south county building is having ^^
i got no sleep    again!!!
foood    need food  rereading the 7th <propmale> potter book has made me hungry    *stomach growl*
"i'm geared up to send a warning to a certain girl that keeps f***ing w  my friend's bestie  hopefully, she doesn't play dumb  i haven't had a smoke in a while so she doesn't wanna cross me   "
"you ever had those days when you think you're dreaming but it turns out that you're too numb to acknowledge the truth? you're just so wrapped up in that truth and the people around you only make it worse  to make things worse, the only time that you need your family's help, they back away from you as if you had the swine flu  it only fills you with apathy  this is one of those days "
"well, i've gone and done it again  i have a fricking cold!!! i worried myself sick for the first time  sad "
i gots a new cell phone! give me your number? pleeeeease? *pouts*
happy new year's!!!  laugh 
its not even the end of the first day of the new year & somehow i already managed to disfigure my face & get hurt  greaaaaaaaat  annoyed 
tired    bored    bad combo 
i can't believe i signed up for morning classes at <propfemale>  what kind of cack was i smoking when i agreed to morning classes?! i'm so sleepy    even my pomegranate tea didn't help  sad 
why do i feel like an ass after all i wanted was for her to be free to be with who she wanted to be with?
"ugh, why is it that everytime i get a sore throat my mum also gets sick???"
wisdom teeth removal sucks! my professor made fun of me for concealing my lower face with a scarf but it's better than the whole world seeing all the swelling and the bruising  sad 
i'm almost fully recovered! thank the goddess!  joyful 
my ite 115 prof is also wiccan! who knew??? she even offered to take me to one of the monthly wiccan meets she goes to  love 
i need to stop my homework procrastination but i don't know how! i'm so screwed today    i'm sure my prof's gonna eat me alive if i don't turn in what little work i have  sad 
i got a new job!!! i'm so happy!  joyful 
"first i had to let my cat go last week, then i lost my bus card yesterday, my grades are going to shit and now i just lost my it textbooks    my day can not get any worse "
listening to random music while working on my homework    what more do i need?
"just because a girl got raped and beaten in my neighborhood, doesn't mean that i'm going to have the same thing happen to me  why is it that when my parents always hear bad s*** they think that something will always happen to me?! i don't talk to a lot of strangers on principle and it's not like i'm going to win miss universe anytime soon   "
"where to transfer, where to transfer    gods, it's hard to figure out which school to go to with a <propmale> like mine  before anyone asks, it's hospitality restaurant management "
"\what if everything around you    isn't quite as it seems? what if all the world you think you know    is an elaborate dream? and if you look at your reflection    is it all you want it to be? what if you could look right through the cracks? would you find yourself    find yourself afraid to see?\"" ~nine inch nails \""right where it belongs\"""""
"i just found out today that the tea i drink in the mornings (<propmale> grey tea) not only has sufficient caffeine to wake your ass up in the morning, but it can also be used as a natural anti-depressant  no wonder i'm very positive a lot! *strokes <propfemale> in thought*"
i hate it when my mum's spanish soap operas are on    i feel lyk shooting the telly since i can't sleep after a long day > annoyed 
i'm finally registered for summer classes! woot!  playful 
"kicking back & drinkin sum beers w  my mum    ahh, life is gr8  smile "
"if u try to use ur little brother's roller skates when u kno he has <propfemale> ass feet so that u can make it to the train station the 8 'o clock train, u know tht's ur cue 2 slap kick urself for being an idiot   "
"an overbearing, control freak of a stepfather + an unstable mother + a hypocritical, belligerant older sister + an escapist older brother with a god complex + a neglected, foulmouthed younger brother = me! a stressed out, stark-raving mad female with a wish to beat something into a bloody pulp"
"i just applied for two jobs! one as a dietary manager (because of my <propmale>) and the other as a lifeguard (because i've worked as one before)  thank you, job fair!  love  love  love  *crossing fingers*"
its earth day!!! plz try not to litter today  love   joyful 
"ugh! finally donw w  judging the salsa club dance contest    i'm just gonna, y'know, finish what i can of my homework and sleep!!! -_-"
trying to work on my it final project    i'm running dry on ideas on what to do for my access part of the project t~t
"i'm bored    someone entertain me! msg me, txt me, smoke signals, anythin?  annoyed "
"\love is our resistance they'll keep us apart and they wont to stop breaking us down hold me our lips must always be sealed if we live a life in fear i'll wait a thousand years just to see you smile again kill your prayers for love and peace you'll wake the thought police we can't hide the truth inside\"" ~\""resistance\"" by muse"""
i finally figured out where the extra credit files and instructions are for my it textbook's website  i've been trying to find these files since the beginning of the semester and just now i figured it out  i feel lyk such a retard    *<propfemale> of silent rage as rei slams head repeatedly on keyboard*
"urgh!!! i'm tryin 2 get all of my squalling work done but there is too many bloody interruptions thanks to my cell phone! if i don't answer any phone calls for the next hour, don't be surprised  > annoyed "
"study, study, study    so much to do, so little time  sad "
"\i'm losing my mind and i know there's no remedy i've become a failure who's living on memories i've been working so hard loneliness can't be cured with no medicine look to the stars so they'll straighten my head again i've been working so hard i've been working so hard i'm underneath the sun and i'm underneath the gun   \"" ~\""underneath the gun\"" by limp bizkit"""
"nothin beats winding down w  a good manga after a long day of class, a final or 2 & trying to finish a final project due nxt week    -_-"
"blessed beltane (or may day), everyone!  joyful "
damn bus driver made me toss out my soda can b4 stepping on the bus  i have the urge 2 kick his arse but i can't b c its beltane > annoyed 
who knew tht someone could feel so refreshed after being in touch w  nature and a <propmale> ritual  smile 
"just gettin home after spending a day @ six flags  no homework, no family 2 nag at me    all in all a gr8 day  joyful "
must    meet    deadline     @ @
"i'm done w  my it project!!! after 3 months of torture, i'm finally done! yay    *faints*"
"i presented my it final so now i'm sure tht i'm going to get a good grade but    i forgot tht today was my algebra i final  i think i did horribly on tht since i barely understood-- okay, i didn't understand it at all  sad "
dancing 2 techno on my balcony since the insomnia is finally kicking in & i didn't wanna disturb anyone tht's sleeping in my house d-_-b
cleaning my house so my dad won't b such an arse about it l8tr when i go outside 2 go practise ;p
what started off as a good day went bad quickly so i'm calling it a night  good night world    -_- zzz
"i got an \a\"" on my it final presentation!!! *scream of joy*"""
"i fell asleep on the train (again) so now i'm walking around w  one contact lens on since my other one fell out as soon as i woke up when i got 2 my stop  ya, fml!  playful "
"on my way 2 va since i dnt wanna b anywhere near my arrogant, overbearing dad atm"
this will b hard 2 believe but i found a $10 <propmale> in my beer!!! how lucky is tht?!  joyful 
"welcome to the wonderful world of hangover central! at the cost of forgetting your problems for one night: you get a splitting headache, empty stomach after all the times (or just tht one time) u vomit, & u get a health complex after waking up  way to go   "
hangover was a false alarm  turns out i was just hungry  playful 
my mum's gonna kill me when i get home     annoyed 
thought my mum would b pissed at me 4 gettin home @ lyk 11 (unintentionally) but she changed her tune once she saw the mother's day gifts tht my little brother & i bought 4 her  playful 
\we wish you happy mother's day\,87c2344116bef39dcf83cf6457debb0d,its still raining    t~t
"despite the rain, i ended up having a good time practising my parkour techniques w  my <propmale>, phoenix  thnx, man!  joyful     now, off 2 find food!"
"awesome day, sum minor drama & a junk food dinner l8tr: i'm calling it a night -_-"
"got woken up thnx 2 my annoying, bratty little brother bugging me 2 make his field trip lunch  well, at least i was able 2 eat a lite breakfast  smile "
another day of waking up when i dnt have 2 & another day of escaping my home temporarily so i cn find solace elsewhere since i can't b at peace    i wonder what the parental tongue-lashing category 4 tonite is   ?
"hanging out with an amazing guy, continuing my training with a good friend teacher & having a civil talk with my mum    life is good  good night world -_-"
i've gotten minimal sleep but i feel good after speed-walking around the block lyk i promised myself  i should do this more often since it beats coffee anyday  joyful 
i am home alone!!!  joyful  *celebrates w  house party*
i'm going 2 the mall in md w  my daddy! we haven't spent time lyk this in gods kno how long  joyful 
"i'm officially an epic fail    i just found out tht not only did i get a \d\"" in it class but i also gotta repeat algebra 1! t~t *crying in girls' bathroom*"""
 joyful 
"if by crazy <propmale> it happened, what would u do if u won the multimillion dollar lottery? i think i kno what my top 10 things are    *daydreaming*"
"i gotta write an essay about the <propmale> of my choice when i could just go home, eat sum of my mum's chicken soup & sleep    fml    t~t"
"okay, i've done what i cn do today 4 tht godsforsaken essay  i at least have an outline  now, it's off 2 get sum of my mama's homemade chicken soup & take a nap! *runs to bus stop*"
"apparently i look good enough 2 stop traffic today b c this one guy nearly lost control of his car while tryin 2 wave @ me when i was standing near the bus stop  good times, lol   "
"well, its official  i'm going to move back to va within these next few days weeks "
i got a new laptop!!!  love  love  love 
"i can't believe i still have to go to class after i already signed up for an online conference for my english essay  ah well, at least i get to escape my dad's dumb arse after his psychotic outburst yesterday & download more music  playful "
i made    the essay    submission    deadline    @ @
had a good time today w  my bestie 4 life & just callin it a day now  it feels gr8 2 not hear any parental bullshit for most of one day  good night world    -_-
"i wonder if my aunt is gonna be this much of an arse if i do end up movin down here to va  i though she was cool but looks can be decieving, i guess  annoyed "
"it's sad that i'm starting to hate the subject i love the most    oh english, why do you hate me so? t~t"
"after spending 10 minutes on the phone trying to tell my technologically-challenged mum how to use a computer, now i have a new-found respect to all those people in the it field or in the tech support offices    @ @"
i can't go home & sleep until i finish my english essay outline    t~t
"despite all the bad things that have have been happening to me, i feel like the luckiest girl in the world     laugh "
urgh! i'm bored outta my arse!!! *rawr!* > annoyed 
how in the bloody hell is a group of immature high schoolers gonna come up to me at the bus stop in front of <propmale> street and ask me 2 suck them off for $100?! i wish that i had worn sneakers today so i could have run after them and beat them all to a bloody pulp!!! *rawr!*
"i got into my first fist fight in years with a jackass that insulted my bestie and broke the unforgivable rules  luckily, the police didn't see me during their patrol of that street  only injury: scraped, bruised elbow  now i know that i'm really losing my touch  annoyed "
i am not happy with the england & usa tied score but i at least got to watch the 2nd half of that game at a quaint restaurant with my <propmale>  smile 
does anyone know what the symptoms are for a sprained ankle?
"its so frickin hot outside    if anyone else feels like sticking their head in the freezer cooler for five minutes, please raise your hand    @ @ *raising hand*"
"now that i look at my latest bruise, i'm wondering if i have some sort of addiction to pain  annoyed "
"for anyone trying to get in contact with me on my cell phone be it a call or text, i'm sorry to say that my phone has been temporarily disconnected but i should be getting that fixed  i hate it but it's for a good reason "
"i'm going to repeat myself once just in case anyone hasn't gotten the message yet: for anyone trying to get in contact with me on \my cell phone be it a call or text, i'm sorry to say that my phone has \been temporarily disconnected but i should be getting that fixed real soon "
"ugh, i don't know about you guys but i am calling it a night  annoyed "
damn! pool's closed    now i have nothing 2 do  sad 
so many stress-related headaches in one day    i'm calling it a night ppl -_-
mission: obtain drivers' <propmale> & important documents  mission complete  next mission: obtain learner's permit  current mission preparations: study <propmale> and keep documents stored and secure  end transmission   
"after gettin caught in that storm today, my badge of courage to show for it is the way that my throat feels like as if i accidentaly swallowed my cat whole and he scratched at my vocal chords  go fig     annoyed "
"i passed english with a \c\""!!! i guess the third time really is the charm  laugh """
"ever feel like cinderblocks are in your head and weighing you down? its a bit like you're physically fatigued and you're walking around as if you were high  yeah, that's kinda how i feel in my current state of sickness    @ @"
i'm so bored! why won't my dad finish his errand already so i cn go see him???  sad 
"just had a nice visit to my dad's here in <propfemale>  he gave me some unhealthy but good food, some soda and we talked for awhile about my current deviant plans  now off to pack for my sleepover at my bestie <propfemale> martinez's house and the fourth of july beach trip we're going on! yay!  laugh "
"as awesome as my 4th of july beach trip was, these sunburns are squallin' killing me slowly! the heat and the sun are just making it worse  sad "
"thanks, mom, for your unspecified list of things to download onto your ipod since your not tech savvy  now i have a screaming headache and the urge to murder something because i have to look for everything one song at a time    > annoyed "
the final world cup match is today! i'm so excited    i hope that spain beats holland today!  annoyed 
spain won the cup!!! whoo!!!!!!!!  laugh 
holy shit! i just found a pattern for the hogwarts uniform sweater that you see in <propmale> potter! i am so making myself a gryffindor & a slytherin sweater  laugh 
i am so tired of mediating all of my family's fights! i'm not a fucking referee!!!!!
algebra & its systems of equations can fry in hell   
the bus driver driving my bus home is fuckin' psychotic  she's getting pissy just because people get up from their seats before she stops in front of the bus stop  i might as well learn to drive & buy a car because i'm tired of having to pay more bus fare as metro's service gets crappier  paying for gas is worth not having to deal with imbeciles  annoyed 
i'm so glad that i'm chillin' at the pool now that my local pool is open all days of the week  now i can swim some laps more often in order to get into some kinda shape  playful 
i'm finally getting a new phone    t~t <- (tears of joy)
good night world    -_-
"i just realised that i can't throw down the towel like i wanted to do  i refuse to do that now! i want to own my club no matter what! if y'all say that a girl like me can't do it, then you're gonna find out otherwise  wink "
how long does it take to knit a purse strap?!? ahhhhhh!!! *runs in circles screaming* @ @
"although i shouldn't really care about calories, why the fuck does a vegan snack bar contain nearly 200 calories?!? seeing as vegan food is very healthy, that doesn't make any sense!!!!"
"during the storm just now, i was on the treadmill at my campus gym when the power went out all of a sudden  i was about to hit the weights behind me but i jumped off on time  thank goodness i decided not to go out before the storm or i woulda been as grumpy as my cat taking a bath ^^;"
it was very boring early on today but then it ended with a big bang  literally  smile  now off to prepare for my final     annoyed 
no more algebra!!!! woot!!!!!!!
"i'm watching a documentary on mexican cabaret films  there's so many women stripping naked in the scenes they show, its so close to becoming almost like porn documentary  u gotta love the mexicans  playful "
i'm going clubbing w  my bestie!!!
"i keep apologising to others for my misfortunes & for shit that isn't even my fault  i say, to hell with that now! i have to stop feeling sorry for myself and fight back  i'm gonna slay that dragon & get out of my tower so i can stop being afraid "
"i actually made a nice dinner today  grilled chicked, steamed veggies, beans & tortillas    yup, i'm proud of myself  smile "
i went job hunting today & filled out lyk 5-6 job applications for different places  i sure hope that i get at least one of those jobs!  annoyed 
i got a job!!!!! i'm gonna be working as a full-time barista at a coffee shop @ the national harbour  smile 
"for anyone trying to each me on my phone, please don't  my phone's officially broken  annoyed "
so tired    first day on then job was good  made tips & i get along fine with my co-workers  i'm deprived of sleep and i still have to attend that funeral i was trying to weasel out of  thanks be to the gods that i had all those coffee samples from the drinks i mixed today after night of sleep deprivation    @ @
which tarot card best represents you? -- my result: the <propfemale>  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 367856 referrals status?aid=1348244525
i'm finally starting to understand how to make the frou-frou coffee drinks at work  smile 
"my coffee shop was packed since it's labor day & i'm just dead right now  i'm gonna go home, wash my uniform real fast, spruce up my room & get enough sleep to rival that of a vampire's     -_-"
my first paycheck better be good now that i have fully conquered the espresso machine  playful 
i just paid for & placed an order for my new cell phone just now so i should be getting it by monday or tuesday  i'm not gonna be phone-less anymore! yay!!!  laugh 
my bike got stolen yesterday  what's adds insult to injury is that i always lock it before i get inside my house  instead of bitching any further i ask this: when the hell is this crappy luck gonna stop?!?  annoyed 
i gots a new (temporary) bike!  laugh 
"what was supposed to be a 7-hour shift turned into a 9-hour work shift  thanks a ton, organic farmers' market for all the onslaught of customers that have served to tire me out and extend my shift    t-t"
"ever since i went to the open circle for mabon that was hosted by the sacred circle bookstore the other day, i've felt nothing but rejuvenated and empowered  after they closed the ritual circle, they asked me to reflect on a question that i believe i have an answer to after much thought  blessed mabon, everyone  smile "
i got a new phone!!!  laugh 
"its been so busy today at the coffee shop  oh, how i wish that i was at ocktoberfest instead…  sad "
i'm so cold! its freezing outside & in the coffeehouse     annoyed 
this weather sucks    *twitching cat ears*
"i'm on the <propfemale> water taxi  despite the rain & tornado watch, the potomac is beautiful   "
"i tried donating blood today since the nearby church is having a blood drive  once again, no dice for the same reason  crying "
i'm knitting myself a textured bat beanie in light of halloween i might make a matching textured scarf since i'm looking for an excuse to get rid of all my waste yarn  i'll post a pic once i get the <propmale>  smile 
"i burned my leg today with a steaming cup of coffee at work  yeah, fml  annoyed "
sunday shift today is killing me slowly!!! @ @
thank goodness the miners in chile are being rescued now  we're with all of y'all brave men in spirit despite where we are in the world
the last chilean miner is out now!!!!!  laugh 
"what happens when you're afraid to let go? do you die trying or give into your fear? things can't stay like they are forever but what if this big gamble you attempt is too big even for you? you ponder, reflect & you even cry about it  the question that remains, \will i regret my final choice?\"""""
its so friggin' cold & i still haven't finished my hat! ughhhhh!!!  annoyed 
ugh! i'm sick again!!! @ @
"after all the fun i had yesterday with the gang, i'm stuck going to work  ah, this should be fun  annoyed "
i've got six pumpkin pies fired up in the oven right now  this is my first time making pie so wish me luck in my culinary quest for this halloween!  annoyed 
"my pumpkin pie is epically yummy!!! its a big hit with my coworkers and my family  next cooking projects to tackle: pot roast and meatloaf (both veggie and non-veggie versions, of course)  laugh "
does anyone have any good home cooked food ideas i could try besides baking pies?
"its amazing how in just one day, you can find so many answers when you least e playful ect it"
making lasagna is harder than i thought    @ @
"\an undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions\"" ~robert a  humphrey"""
since i'm buying a jacket today i'm probably gonna start my christmas shopping early  might as well right?  annoyed 
so tired   
"i'm watching tank girl now  ah, good times  smile "
off to shop then off to some party my mum's making me go to  this should be fun  annoyed 
ugh! head hurts    @ @
i met with a pathways counselor yesterday so hopefully i can get back into school by this spring or summer  i'm gonna play it safe and just wait til summer  i'm so excited! >__<
i'm bored as hell here at work  annoyed 
"i took my mom to a nail salon and paid for her mani + pedi treatment  now that she's singing her heart, i've never seen her so happy on her birthday -_-"
    my sword lichtgestalt broke    i'm too pissed for words    > annoyed 
black friday sucks    the day after it ain't great either  i'm so tired    @ @
ugh! christmas shopping is gonna suck next pay day    t-t
is it possible to die of boredom at work?  annoyed 
"i wake up at 5 in the morning and miss my usual bus thinking that i'm late to work until my boss texts me and tells me that i don't clock in until 8  in the meantime, i'm stuck at a coffeehouse near my bike route while i buy time before i have to go to work  fml  annoyed "
i'm almost done with christmas shopping!!! it was exhausting but i'm glad i got most of it out of the way now  laugh 
bleh! i feel sick  sad 
"for anyone who has been trying to repeatedly call me, i am sorry to inform you that my phone got damaged (somehow) and i am waiting until i can get it replaced  crying  \\i'm reeeeeeeeally sorry about this but you're free to message me if you wanna talk and i should be reconnected by friday  smile "
\if you're going through hell," keep going \""\"87c2344116bef39dcf83cf6457debb0d,i can't get my phone until tomorrow! curse you god of all electronic thingys!!! *rawr*
i got my phone back! plus i got a broadband card for christmas!!!  laugh 
i'm watching paradise kiss  its really good  smile 
i got new boots today!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night    -_- zzz
i can't believe i wasn't able to go out today! ugh!!!
good night world    -_-
"i was dying of boredom at work for a bit, actually did a good deed today (yeah, i know its somethin' i normally don't do) & i did some running after work today (about time)  yup, today was one of a kind! ;p"
i am so ready for new year's ;p
"i'm healed!!! well, almost healed  joyful "
i should work night shift more often  smile 
am i the only one bored at work??? -_-;
its already noon & i've already made double the tips i normally make on fridays  i'm so proud of myself ^___^
is on her way to springfield mall to buy herself a new billfold after her other one got lost (or possibly stolen) 
"first my trip to a boxing gym so i can spar with a friend got canceled, then my sister calls twice (and not to say \hi how are ya\"" or anything else as friendly)    all i can say is what next?"""
i finished prétear!!!!!  laugh 
i feel sick    stomach's been acting up ever since yesterday after the lunch fiasco @ @
i got my bike fixed! yay!  laugh 
so apparently i'm not a pisces according to the new astrological zodiac of '09  does that mean that i can safely go to the dept of vital records to tell them they got my gender all wrong on my birth certificate? o o
fucking insomnia  i take one nap and now i can't go to sleep! rawr!!! >o<
"i felt so oddly energetic today, i kinda thought that i was acting like the energizer <propfemale> on steroids they way i kept mixing drinks and cleaning the bar area at work like no tomorrow  playful "
"i finally found out that i was very caffeine tolerant today  instead of giving me a boost, it makes me sleepy no matter how i mix my coffee  what's funny is that coffee has always done that to me  playful "
why is the line at this shop takin' so long??? i want my lunch! *rawr!*
"please, oh please gods of wealth money send me my w-2 so i can use my taxes to go back to school already & start cooking again!  annoyed "
to any of my carnivore friends: can y'all suggest any dishes i should try out in the kitchen that will please my meat-eating family?  annoyed 
"bubble bath & steaming hot green tea, here i come! =__="
its the snowpocalypse part 2  annoyed 
for once i was able to sleep in on a saturday  i feel somewhat refreshed -__-
i officially hate laundry day  i had to dig into my mini safe to get the rest of the change i needed  crying 
"apparently they don't offer harbour employee discounts for katsucon  ugh, i wanted to go since i have that saturday off! fml  annoyed "
"there's times in life where ya feel like you're made of ice  its that feeling of being apart from others, watching from afar, your insides feel kinda frozen up when you're confronted (but your composure isn't lost), not giving a damn about what you tell others & just being simply too tired of give a damn  for the moment, i'm the <propfemale> of all things frozen "
i finally got to eat what i've been craving forever! my mum's stuffed green peppers    *drool*
good night <propfemale>    -__-
"excluding some of the epic bus drivers i've gotten, i really hate how shitty the metro system has gotten   "
i'm supposed to lay off the caffeine but today is one of those days ya can't resist the java    -_-
"reading\ negima!\"" for the hell of it ;p"""
i'm getting ready to make some cookies from scratch for <propfirst>'s day  joyful   love 
i just found out that my neighborhood lounge is hosting a burlesque show today but i have no way of going tonight  crying 
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone  love   love   love 
anyone wanna go see basshunter in concert along with me?
"i'm actually gonna go to sleep early for once since its been such a long day  there's only so much bullshit that one person can take, y'know? so anywho, good night   "
"watching the lost boys  ah, good times  smile "
so yeah  i'm sick as a dog and i can't go to katsucon  what else is new?  annoyed 
i'm making a full recovery from my fever (thank the gods)  rested today just in case and i know i feel healthy if i'm screaming at <propfirst> when he's doing stupid things again ;p
week 2 of my secret mission is becoming a bust thanks to work  i broke schedule due to the fact that i worked an all-day shift yesterday  annoyed 
i just met a nice lady on the bus  she proved to me that not all people on the metro are bad & she even gave me driving tips  smile 
thanks for the happy birthday wishes y'all! i'm finally 20 today and i have all weekend to celebrate it!  laugh 
i'm going to <propfemale> garden with the family for my birthday dinner  laugh 
my boobs got me stuck under the table at <propfemale> garden just because my mum dropped her napkin  proof of how huge my cannons are  annoyed 
i just rode my bike over the <propmale> bridge in the rain  cold? yup  hungry? nope  tired? if ya mean from work then yeah  are ya crazy? absolutely  *nods*
for once its nice outside! now onward bus driver! take me home so i can enjoy the few hours of daylight left -_-
"good night, y'all    -__- *snore*"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words, what would you say to me?\\note: if you comment, you should copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well     four words is harder than you think "
"i just ran into the <propfirst> bieber movie with my bestie just to yell \bieber sucks!\"" real quick & run out  good times -_-"""
   is missing her laptop  crying 
"have ya ever had one of those \omfg! wtf?!?\"" moments after correctly predicting something you saw during a fortune telling session only a few days back?"""
"why is it that the job i love morphed into a job i hate?  instead of feeling completion at night before i sleep, i just feel irate  i know well that there can be more excitement from somewhere else in my life  such is this lowly barista's inner strife "
my phone just deleted my contacts so if anyone has my number please text me yours!!!  annoyed 
blessed ostara  smile 
i feel so low  i didn't find out until i had put a black & mild to my lips a half hour ago from all the stress i've been having that i unconsciously went cold turkey for a month and broke my no smoking streak  crying 
i just met a spaniard at work and he was so cute! his accent was to die for *squeal* my day has just been brightened     troubled 
\you get angry when i ask what's on your mind,\87c2344116bef39dcf83cf6457debb0d,"bleh! i'm sick again?!? ugh, i'm so gonna be bored today since i can't go to work    - -"
"except for the fact that i keep having coughing fits that make me look like i'm coughing up my lungs, i'd say i'm almost better -_-;"
"sometimes i wonder why i gave up fighting because when i observe stupidity anywhere nowadays, i have the urge to slap the stupid person silly and run "
"for the first time in awhile i'm getting more & more good news as this week goes  so good <propfemale> really does happen, i guess ^___^"
i just got a promotion!!! i'm officially the new night shift leader  laugh 
i am the happiest girl in the world    things are going so well for me! praise be to the gods that i am blessed with my cool family and a wonderful fiance  smile 
