7615958032a670e6b7f9b64b2995d112
"well, its a new year!"
time to take all the christmas fanfare down   as requested by my husband hehe  i personally like having christmas decorated til mid <propfirst> 
amused that my husband <propfirst> whom was so dead set against facebook is now a facebook member
"flustered   i am in texas, my stepmom had a mild heart attack this week, and i can't even be there for her  sad   she's all by herself"
"i love fridays, especially payday friday!  too bad i have to work saturday   "
monday is too close
"kids will keep ya faith full, they love church!  church, groceries, and oh yeah another day off work!"
feelin' fiesty
woohoo!!!! steelers rocked tonight!!! cant wait for rest of the season!!!
watching the penn state game
"it's been a good day   football, steaks, and beer"
"2am run to walmart     tomorrow will be rough   up with the babe  who got attacked by fire ants today and is uncomfortable   antihistamine check, contact pain relief check, warm milk, calming movie (tinkerbell her favorite) hope it helps"
well i wound down watching tv with my hubby till 130am all our recorded shows   still couldn't be to rest   then i found out why!!!!  heading out to a mental health crisis   (after doing it awhile you get a sense of some kinda vibe and just know its gonna be a long oncall week  2nd in 2 days
"thankful!  my hubby managed to get this kids to settle down by 9pm, i got to go to sleep after being awake for 34hrs   and then my kids slept in  it sounds like <propmale> needs to go back to sleep though"
wow only 12 more hrs til work
yeah <propfemale> here i come!  whatever will my husband and i do without kids for a month?!
"i don't make the rules, i just follow them   to question is to insubordinate "
wow  in disbelief
"deep cleaning the house when hubby wakes up, hanging out with my mom   love visiting with my mom!  not looking forward to the deep cleaning house(its hard work)"
"really enjoying the vacation from the kids, getting a lot done at work and home because of it  but wondering if they have been away too long   "
"is accomplished---> i tackled the hardest chore of the house today    cleaning my room *sigh* cleaned out the closet, got rid of clothes not worn for year, polished my bedroom furniture     the most difficult part was folding putting away,or trashing piles of clean clothing  know anybody who needs clothes???  finished off the day playing darts with my husband and coworker"
wonderful husband: italian dinner and a movie!  added bonus: doctoring his wife's <propfemale> sting encouraging her to take it easy  smile   i love my husband!
happy thanksgiving!  i am thankful to be picking my kids up from the airport today!
"my kids have changed    amazing what happens in a month  <propmale> looks taller and a little more mature facial features, izzy is definatly heavier and boy can she talk well now her face seems to have matured some too"
ugh had to stay home all day while my family was out together   because i'm on call  sad   so i tried to do some shopping  i (desperately) need jeans that fit [short and skinny} may seem desirable for many but it stinks for finding jeans that fit properly
"so this is monday, and its the end of the month   i have to meet my quotas, complete my progress notes   turn in my timesheet   not get fired so that we can have a happy christmas  *tune of happy christmas <propfirst> lennon*"
yeah!!!! its friday!!!
"what to wear, what wear, to my husband's company christmas affair????"
looking forward to shopping for jeans tomorrow with my mom and daughter  smile 
wish me luck finding jeans that fit!
"*sigh*  kids are in bed already   i can actually chill   been crazy busy with house work,kids, grocery shopping, and finally dinner  think i'll relax in a hot bath"
relaxing night with my hubby  smile 
"is tired, ready for bed, hittin' the sack so that i can get up early to do yesterday all over again aside from grocery shopping   g'night"
"housework, housework, housework"
oh my it's monday
ringaling hear them ring   christmas bells in my dreams
"hmm, christmas shopping done? hehe yeah right i haven't even begun"
someone send me some pics of the snow from back home   i could take the pics have them blown up to window size and <propfemale> them from every window in my home   then i can enjoy a white christmas from inside lol
"you know ur desperate when you agree to be standby oncall in hopes of getting a midnight call, just so ur guaranteed 100 face to face hrs"
"bummer   made coffee so i could stay awake to finish my work, now wide awake"
thank god i have a water utility man for a husband    was able to fix our lack of water   now i can finish my housework
ahhhhhh!!!! too much today!
what to do this weekend?
placing my way back photo on profile
"yeah  its friday!!!!  training, ihop, short day of work, weekend with my mom   needing some mom time!  can't wait til 5pm"
reverse! reverse!  want the weekend to start over  smile 
good sleep!  wedding to go to!  congratulations <propfemale>
friday!
"i love my husband!  he is so awesome!!!  was full of superb suprises today   i was able to relive those moments as a little girl on christmas morning, full of wonder and anticipation followed by sheer delight when <propfemale> claus knew what i wanted   smile    thank you babe!!!"
in june we will celebrate 5 years of marriage!  amazing!
crazy weekend!!! glad i am off call for a week  4 crisis calls 2 of which occurred simultaneously 3 hours of sleep in 36 hrs another crisis on way home enough adrenaline for a week
joy!  texans driving in ice and snow today
i wonder what today holds
doesn't have to work today woohoo!  the house should be really clean this week
yeah week almost over!
"is looking forward to dsl coming to my rural area, then i can get my kiddos games updated"
first i've been up past the kids in a long while
yuck! cold wet rainy   not a good day to play outside with the kiddos  sad 
spring break week!!!!  yes!!!  children home visits all week  ~*productivity*~ (suppose to be a sing song voice)
yeah!   dsl!
"first time in 5 yrs i have my \own\"" computer and dsl!!"""
i have been so excited to update(waited on dsl) my kids leapfrog toys i  updated 2 of them but leapster2 is really causing me some stress     ugh!!!
"ahhh yeah, <propmale> and <propmale> off to chili's to have father son dinner, mommy gets chilis-to-go, <propfemale> asleep, i finally get to take a shower today and enjoy some quiet time"
yum  chili's!  then i will b a ok for crisis calls
"ever have a night of a reoccurring dream   it wakes you, you go back to sleep and it continues, but you don't want it to continue so you keep waking yourself to make it stop, and then you get up in the morning and you can't stop thinking about it"
dinner done kids bathed and in rooms   dad online gaming
loving dsl and wirelss can be online anywhere in house   mornings have consisted of disney and leapfrog games with kids   helped me get daughter to sleep too
cloudy moday in tx thats ok its still suppose to be 70 and back to <propfemale> and 75 on wed!
<propfemale> st pattys day  yeah!
"1 2 day of work, 1 2 driving to and getting dental work completed, friday, the weekend (i'm not on call), visiting with mom feeling super"
just watched tinkerbell and the lost treasure  super worth $20   think i'd like to collect all the tinkerbell movies   good wholesome stuff  smile 
grrr   can i go back to work?  kids are crazy being stuck inside   it's a crummy day to be outside
"found a temporary solution:  tinkerbell, popcorn, and sprite  smile "
loved the complete breakfast her husband made her on our new indoor grill
off to bed
wall-e such a cool movie
friday
what will the weekend hold   ?
backyard camping with the family   we'll see how it goes  smile 
"backyard camping went well, a bit nippy for me and nick(we toughed it out though), but izzy and <propmale> slept just fine  smile "
"can't wait for easter weekend!!!  camping on mom's 5 acres, egg hunts, easter services, easter dinner, warm <propfemale> weather   go look at my dream home (it's been reduced) very exciting plans for the weekend   so friday needs to hurry up and get here!"
hmmm    what a way to wake up   hot water heater out   no shower today  sad  i can't handle cold water
"good to know   my dream home, may not be such a dream after all  as the realtor e playful lained, it photographs well but it needs a lot of work  now, i can stop obsessing over it "
"kids going to san <propfirst> zoo, so jealous "
"what a day!  new hot water heater, spring cleaning for family easter, fajita dinner, dessert baking, relaxing at our front yard campsite with a <propfemale> while the kiddos sleep in the tent   next on the list: dying eggs on the patio grille, playing easter <propfemale> before hit'n the tent "
"mmmm, sweet liquid gold, disoronno on ice"
word of the day: intuition
most excutiating temporary pain ever    scorpion sting on toe!  stupid scorpions!! dropped me to the ground
taks testing   no school visits    thats ok a crisis will keep me busy today
it's been a good day
bathing kiddos
kxan news was <propfemale> entertaining today!
"rough week lots of crisis, near crisis, and forewarning of crisis waiting to be unveiled: could equal lots of overtime this weekend *note to self~invest in espresso   coffee may not be strong enough~"
anybody willing to lend me a car or help me with transportation while in penn hills from may 4-may 11?
booked flight from <propfirst> to pittsburgh whew!
"hard labor   mowing 1 5acres of land with push mower, pruning all the trees and weeds bon fire made with all the pruned trees   productive, teamwork, and exercise all in one"
so ready for apr 27 can't wait for <propfemale> trip!
grrr   crazy busy   working late again
it is easier to forgive others than it is to forgive yourself  we can damn ourselves with unforgiveness of self  thank god for his grace to give us the power of forgiveness
"as my daughter would say, \ i ty-red\"""""
what does the rest of the week hold??
thought i'd need whole day off for crown replacement   i didn't but will take the day for myself to be myself
"new tennis shoes make my feet happy, like walking on air"
go!
last day of work for a week! pennsylvania here i come!!!!  arriving 630pm on apr 27!
"when i hand my son a toaster strudel with icing: looks up at me with big brown eyes quirky smile and says i like the white stuff, as if mommy just gave hime the greatest thing in the world"
hi ho hi ho off to work i go
i've requested no norecalls til after ids are asleep lets hope so
edit: i've requested no more crisis calls til after kids are asleep  hoping for it
it was a quiet night after morning crisis   got to spend a couple of ours with each one of my kids one on one   i love one on one time with my kids!
"hates being a sucker:  new addition to the family, brewster  *sigh* not housebroken yet"
"so not feeling well, right now    nausea, bloody nose, super tired   lack of sleep or food this weekend with all of the crisis calls i had?"
"really wanted to start my vacation today, but need to get to the office to complete notes(thx to 6 crisis this weekend) before i depart tomorrow am    "
leaving for <propfemale> in 5 hrs!!!!!
hang'n out with both of my moms  smile  it's going well
gram so not doing well  sad   so glad i got to see her
kitchen counter
so thankful for moms
"breakfast with <propfemale>, return car rental, go to airport   headed home to tx"
"flight delays    home really late  i hope i'm not dragging ass tomorrow @ work   so much for sleeping in on vacation  sad   had to be up by 630am tx time to make sure family was awake  very busy vacation alot of family matters to resolve, not very relaxing  at least i got to shooting  smile   thx <propmale>!"
"back to the daily grind, glad to be home"
1st time e playful eriencing food poisoning   don't ever want that again   felt like appendicitis
fully recovered whew!  i think it was the steak i ate last night that help me recover
enjoy helping those less fortunate
feels like a good day
chocolate cupcakes sound yummy
what's next
dinner check bathing kids  camping out on the living room floor just because  smile 
<propfemale> friday!
<propmale> will be taking ice skating lessons today start training for hockey
"<propmale> did well at ice skating lessons and loved it! willl continue on a weekly basis   dependent upon his ability acquire the skills, willl begin hockey lessons in as little as 1 month! go <propmale>!!!"
hates the waiting game   please hurry up   getting a bit rowdy
puppy training tons of fun!!!!
"grrrrrrr    i am not jesus i cannot walk on water  asking me to squeeze orange juice out of a lime is impossible, even if it is requested by court authority"
"<propfemale> brown complexion, perfectly balanced, sweet yet bold personality    mmmm coffee"
"with as much ot as i have aquired i think i will take my time today, getting to work "
mowed 75% of my almost 2 acres with a push mower   weather gearing up for a storm  hope it's a good one   enjoying the peace while my daughter sleeps and my hubby and son are in <propfirst> playing ice hockey   really ought to fold my roomful of laundry but gotta headache so i will continue to watch what i want to watch on tv til <propmale> and <propmale> get home
it's a warm one today in the hill country
hello fb world its been awhile!   yeah for friday!
burnet durnit!
"luvs having xtra hands in the house, it is so helpful"
"grocery shopping done, washing the dogs done, a few <propfemale> of peace while kiddos are preoccuppied"
"planning san <propfirst> riverwalk, 5 yr anniversary vacation 1st honeymoon   tx folks any input?"
ice skating with the family   pix to come of <propmale> and <propmale> in hockey gear  smile 
with or without glasses? poll need votes!
so hoping my horoscope for today is not accurate
yea for sleeping on office couch
sparkling disarrono <propfemale> ale and disarrono on ice
just seen a granny on a 4 wheeler
"gingeronna on a\ kid crazy because it's too hot to play outside\""day   refreshing & relaxing"""
hrm early rise
notes notes notes
grrr not good way to turn over new leaf 15min late to 1st scheduled staff mtg w  new bosslady
it's friday yay! it wet here today but that's ok it's friday  smile  kid birthday parties and <propmale>'s hockey this weekend busy busy  i like when i'm not oncall more family time
"misses summer bbqs @ the lake  nothing like swimming, grilling sizzling bbq and drinking ice cold beer in nothing but a bikini & flip flops"
monday
"stayed up way too late with mom, as usual  wink "
this morning went wat too smoothly
motivation please
e playful erienced the neatest thing   numb reversal   some new chemical that reverses the affects of novicaine it really works well
makin' french toast and bacon!
thinking about swimming
very exciting crisis
happiness
la de da
porch coffee
"on my honeymoon, finally got it after 5yrs of marriage!!!"
"psu , howlin' @ the <propfemale>, san <propfirst>, tx!!!"
back to reality
someone want to do my grocery shopping for me?!
"\ohman!!! i miss working w  you all!!!"""
soooo tired!
wishing i had rainboots and an umbrella
yeah! finally! headed out for some lake time! please no calls! it's a happy wkend!
mhmr's no day off today
sum red wine while i make dinner   mmm i'll have that
<propfirst> halen & coffee is a good morning drive mix
off call this wknd!   what to do?
drinkin beer and hangin outside
back to work    on call all week!
driving over and next to llano river makes me want to jump in and swim
on the market will pay to get a new job
fav day of the week yay
so not in a good way
"so jealous of everyone who has a pool in their yard  went to get one today   and told have to think of it as a liability  question was \what if the neighbor kid decideds to go swimming when we aren't home and then drowns?\""  really?! so now i have to ignore the comfort and sanity of my children for the sake of another & not getting sued?! really?! so not fair!!!"""
so don't want to be up  coffee needed
so glad i got thermal curtains!!!!  the house is a lot cooler already and i just installed them all over the house this am
thinking i should be reimbursed for spending 9$ on a 3 pack of womens underpants bc i sat in animal urine at a cts home and the only 2 stores in that town can get away with only carrying e playful ensive underwear only
i'm ready for a vacation again
dream a little dream
"so excited!!!!  on the road to my master's degree, finally!!!"
wow today went quickly
soooo   ty-red
kick myself for leaving bbtcmhmrc!!
"yay!!! camping with the family, lakeside"
one more day wouldve been good
<propmale> blek
first day of new schedule   wish me luck
yeah i've been accepted into a grad program  can't wait to go home and start my part of the admission process!
1st day of new schedule   luv'd it
"good morning sunshine! oh wait your not up yet  smile   porch coffee,  there are some really strange sounds outside at this time of morning  spooked my dogs"
such a lovely summer in the tx hillcountry   it's almost august & it's still so very geen out here 
luv my schedule! already made dinner and kids are fed  smile 
day 3 coffee does the trick   it used to be shower then coffee now its coffee 1st
how to use 40hrs discretionary time w o being penalized in some kinda way???
oh no! iam sooo tired   i don't wanna go  sad   just as i was bout to go to bed   sounds like gonna be looooong night possible wknd ordeal
grrrrrrr
"today sux, the waiting game goes on   waiting for that call bw 3 & 5   just to spend another six hrs waiting some more"
been having lapses in memory today  i can't seem to remember that i am coming upon a milestone 
thank you all for the birthday wishes   wish i could say that it was an exciting day   my coworkers did treat me to a birthday cake and birthday lunch!  thank you llano mh for celebrating with me  smile 
rough mornin <propfemale> awoke at 545  & my java dumped all over my car
i hate <propmale>!!! i just wanna go to sleep  all i got going for me right now is red bubbles & writers cramp from activity logs   (thats alotta writing ) and %!?*ing codes streamlining my brain 
so i'm either screwed or i lucked out   ran out of activity logs  guess i'll have to finish at the office in 5hrs  hopefully it's the latter bc alarm clock is set to go off in 3hrs   gonna be a long drag @$$ kinda day
guess today showed me how old 30 really feels   i am sore from all the walking and playing we did at six flags fiesta texas   and it really wasn't all that much walking   mostly stuck around the waterpark with <propfemale> and my sister while <propmale> and <propmale> got to play on the water slides 
"heading out to the lake with my sister and the kids, going to be a great day in the hill country$"
"luvn lake time, kids having a blast"
need sleep
would like to close off in a cool dark room to catch up on much needed sleep
"accuweather forecast: hi of 104, currently 96 real feel 109   mon 103, tues 104, wed 101(ohh coldfront), thur 103     gonna be a blazing weekend"
wed are good
hmm t-storms are good but a tornadoe might be able to  cool it off by 30 degrees quicker than a t-storm
"alot of rumbling, dark skies, wind, a few lightning bolts but no rain? what's up with that"
"(1 of 2) ahhh yes that's what i was looking for, finally   cool winds real feel 80 when the wind blows & the beautiful smell of rain yet to come  t storm move"
(2 of 2) from llano to marble falls please   my house needs cooled down
beautiful morning
yeah for friday!  very busy day planned!
had a new brew to celebrate not being on call  wink 
busy day!!
luv sidewalk chalking w  kids
"wow! actually listened to the lyrics of \love the way you lie\""   thats a powerfully messed up song  i imagine it being used in commercials for abusive relationships   blackeyes and bloody imagery"""
"beautiful morning for porch coffee!  wish i weren't so cranky  annoyed   oh wait that would be my kids' fault hehe   i am very excited though, i got my books ordered for my 1st grad class!!!  yeah!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hf7k4u6moc4&feature=youtube§gdata§player
"it's monday,mom will be here later tonight  tomorrow night i drop <propmale> and kiddos at airport   kids will be visiting mi-ma and pi-pa for a whole month after <propmale> returns   as much as i have been excited about that, i am really going to miss my kids "
tired
they haven't even left yet & anticipating their return
stayed up way too late with mi madre
quarters nuff said
"hiking with mom, bro, & todd(semi-adopted bro) was alot o fun"
ready for vacation
ready to take a whole week off work  want to be sure to know way around capella university 
"1st assigned reading-done, great feeling! very introspective!"
struck out on the morning run  cancelled by hubby last night
poll:  so i noticed that my professor has a blog dealing with a topic that interests me   would it be crossing boundaries to join the blog?
steelers football!!!
preparing for my 2nd assigned reading
rotlmbo!!!!!!! dogs can be so entertaining   the best laugh i have had in a very long time!  i so needed after today 
"story: brewster is outside with me while i do my homework   every now and then he makes sudden moves, runs off, and then runs back nose to the ground  he does this several times  so i watch for a few minutes  my wiener dog, curiously checks out a baby scorpion  it stings him, he proceeds with the above movements, it stings him again   he did this 4x, while i watched, and still went searching for the little stinger "
"bummer!  crisis call, so glad i was forwarned earlier in the day   i was better able to manage my time   i completed my assignment before getting called out!  bravo!!"
my bed is calling me can't get there quick enough this
ugh tired
oh wow!  information overload   had to take a break from my capella discussions
beyond frustrated
<-----great visual description
"thinking that being on-call, having to maintain minimum and productivity hours are greatly going to affect my education   its called lack of time off and not enough sleep "
last night i rearranged my kitchen   it makes more sense has better flow  however i have to get used to the new arrangements   i've thrown myself off hehe
"after work today  not really feeling like cooking  would love to be overlooking lake marble falls, eating pasta and sipping wine "
really 35 in a 50
"@ work w  my husband, working on my 1st grad research paper "
"a liite frustrated w  my research, finding applicable reference is quite a task   anybody can offer advise on researching practitioner-scholar vs scholar-practitioner is welcoming"
who has travelled in europe?  what country ies did you visit? what is your most memorable e playful erience while in europe?
tough stuff
another day in paradise?
"excited to check out a new church, today!"
"thank you god for talking with me and opening opportunities   iam so relaxed tonight, i will be melting into my bed tonight  smile "
good things can happen today! keep my mind open to windows of opportunity
schoolwork~
ok break is over back to schoolwork
"yet another looong night, that has interefered with my education  sad "
"ugh!! assignment that was due 10 24 is now complete and turned in at 115am on 10 27 yay grrr work and no sleep, so glad i'm not on call, right now  scared next big assignment is due 10 31 and i'm oncall starting friday! no crisis for me until november 1st, i have homework to do!  i still have to catch up enough to get 10 27 assignment completed by 1159pm!! ahh!!!"
happy november
getting hard to stay awake
"in the spirit of thanksgiving thankful for my life(married with 2 children), ability to be healthy with almost(corrective lenses) all senses intact, ability to move about freely, thankful i have an income, and most of all i am thankful for the ability to learn &opportunity to strive for higher education, even though i am struggling to keep up esp bc of all the other blessings i have"
"looking for friday, where did it go?  exciting weekend planned  smile "
"i get down, he lifts me up"
"rest for the weary   well, some rest full day of work tomorrow ~*sigh*~"
ugh monday wants a weekend redo
was almost home   back to work
greater things have yet to come greater things are yet to be done
maybe saying our goodbyes to brewster
"twas a goodnight after all   meaningful conversation of life's hopes and dreams with my husband on my husband's birthday   alone time with god, worshiping, in the kitchen while cooking! butternut\ squash soup is a slow-cooking   i hope it is good!  my first time \making it and it goes to my husband's thanksgiving work luncheon in the morning   \~*wish me luck ~*"
off to work i go
what scores can i get tonight   bowling league missed 2 wks in arow
i have niece on the way!
"have not accomplished much but sure feel like it   dishwasher emptied, refilled, and cleaned, some raking and cleaning of leaves complete (kiddos helped when they stopped helping mommy stopped doing), swept and mopped the kitchen floor,  fed and bathed two kids(now napping), swept the bathroom laundry room floor "
"still to do: mop the bathroom laundry floor, clean off my counters, vacuum all rooms(after kids awake), fold mounds of clean laundry, and last but definatly \not least grocery shopping since thanksgiving is at my house, and make \dinner   i should be rewarded: haircut, mani pedi, waxing (but not \foreseeing any of that happening)"
"snow in marble falls, tx"
"gotta real christmas tree this year, the house smells wonderful   light are on it no decorations yet (who'da thunk that christmas bulbs have no hooks?)"
<propmale> and i <propmale> the new decorations with care! spent some tv time with my hubby   that hasn't happened in a long while  off to bed dreaming of the day i can be paid to be a stay at home mom(if i chose to be)
"i'm really not paranoid or delusional but scorpions are really attracted to me   just freaked out, screamed, jumped out of my chair knocking it down running and stripping because i saw a scorpion out of the corner of my eye running up toward my neck   stupid scorpions!!!! i hate you scorpions!!!!"
shoulda known leaving for work before dark was too good to be true
it's been a good day
"doesn't feel like a friday   looking fwd to saturday, then wknd will feel more real   check out <propfirst>'s club membership and buy shoes for <propmale> and me, hopefully"
pretty excited about my taurus 9mm
feels like using her dirty laundry for target practice   
"busy day: still need to go grocery shopping, <propfemale>'s birthday @ noon, work christmas party 5p-7p,"
busiest weekend in a loooong while
gorgeous day in central texas
long drives on a beautiful day are a nostalgic tease remincent of college years driving to state college makes me want to keep on driving to see how far 3hrs would take me
lunar eclipse has begun
so wish i had a camera w telescopic lens
half  gone
"that's a 1st: the nurse @ my clinic sent me home, ifeel fine but have a fever  headed home"
look'n fwd to coffee with <propfemale>
"how did i do it   play out in the cold, kids are nuts"
highlighters are my friend
"meatballs done, queso made, beer & pop, steelers to watch!!!"
yeah steelers!!! boo ravens!!!
paper to write
gorgeous day in marble falls   perfect play day @ the park
"pre-spring cleaning, beautiful day to open window & air out the house"
feeling disgusting   no running=no shower yuck
sooo tired!
"add override: coffee od, big project due sun , house hunting & er intereference = overnighter   so glad i took a 2 hr nap @ 930p "
is <propfemale> tired 20min nap turn to 2 hr nap no time for long naps  research research research literature review due sun  surprise 
still going
waiting in anticipation    ready for friday
i got an a on my big project of the semester!!!! yeah <propfemale>!!!!
"got the boxes and the spackle, now to clean & repair"
nearing the end    of the semester   wow it went fast!!!
2 for 1 spring cleaning and packing
hates the hiccups
yeah! 2 wk break from classes!   now to focus more on moving   so excited
last assignment-perfect score followed by excellent!~go me!
wow!!! naps are cool!! i had an awesome dream:  i was cruising on my own motorcycle!
soooo wants schlotsky's
"has had an awesome day so far, kids have been super good since we awoke this morning, got to feed my craving for schlotzky's, park to feed the ducks and play, and now my sweet children's are napping   relax or get down to housework?"
so my palm pre ate it badly   need #'s msg me to send it
my husband is hot
beautiful <propfemale> day in texas
was a great family day   wants more days like today!
has forgotten how badly razor burn hurts   it hasn't happened in forever   make it stop   had an awesome day (3x)   
