e09dacdaeb96b5f796c5391639783f5a
if at the end of each year one person in the world could change one thing they did during that year   everyone would be fighting over that <propmale>    
it's snowing!!!
"computers are like cats: you can move the mouse in their faces to get their attention, but tapping, yelling, and kicking at it won't make it do what you want it to do"
is doing nothing but work and quiz's  annoyed 
is going to swim run in the early morn
"is packing for gettysburg, d c , and williamsburg!"
is back from gettysburg  there's no place like home
misses everybody
just went running  it's hot out there!
"needs someone 2 talk 2, badly  i'm home alone  sad "
has to do my summer reading   sometime
is going to youth group 2night
just watched final destination
trying to keep my nephews out of trouble
is doing   something
is depressed
is home on a lazy sunday afternoon
has no clue what's happening in life  shoot me now
is working and listening 2 some of <propfemale>'s music
has been hearing this errie noise for 2 hours and then realized it was a fly around my head
has a cold (i have nothing else to say)
just finished 1st season of heroes
just had my last swim practice!
is watching heroes (online)
feels like 2 days have gone by (lesson in life: never go to bed late when u wake at 4 to go to a swim meet)
is packing like crazy for honeyrock
is at honeyrock and is about to travel back  to the south
is watching 3rd season of heroes
is running
"a great way to cool off burning legs after a long run is a nice, cold shower  ice bath"
i think i like running
is about to running with one of my sisters
who's doing the midsummer nights run?
is all preped and ready for school!!
3 days til school!!!
is going to a team pool party!
to those of whom i made personal enemies: i'm sorry!!!
has no idea what to do today
is having a great night
is babysitting my nephews smile 
is awake
is about to mow the lawn
had my first swim practice   yesterday
is done with homework!!! now it's swim practice
has anyone realized yet that 'facebook' is becoming a verb?
my chats aren't working
doesn't want to go through the motions
is sick =p
broke a big toe
needs help with making 3 different crone voices
has a headache and has to study =p
"has no homework, has to work at a swim meet 2morro at 7am, and just celebrated my mom's 60th b-day! weekend's going great!"
has been awake since 6 and it's been a great morning!
is wondering to do with myself: become president or memorize the dictionary
want's to talk to people but can't (bed)
44 people absent from high school; crazy!
is watching heroes
"the father is a merciful god, who always gives us comfort  he comforts us when we are in trouble, so that we can share that same comfort with others in trouble  2 corinthians 1 3b-4"
there will be a day when the love of power will be overcomed by the power of love       -unknown
is watching doctor who?
wishes tomorrow wouldn't come and just sleep and forget this world
thank you! i love you all!!!!!!
got a swim meet this weekend and got to get up at 5 smile 0    
entire family's here for thanksgiving
just finished making the pies
can i get a vote if i should change my profile picture?
christmas break!!!!!
just to forewarn you people for later in life: never assume!!
it's snowing and already 3 inches deep where i am
is working on the odyssey project!
just swam over a mile today   tired
retreat!!!
had a great time at winter retreat! wish there were more like it 
"the odyssey project: having to type paragraphs for 40 hours and then draw at least 24 illustrations, except for at least <propfemale> and <propfemale> =p"
is going to my nephew's b-day party!!!
"is playing around with my religious views: first i was a christian, then i was a jehovah's witness, now i'm a buddhist  lol"
some have a photographic memory; some don't have film  wink 
is it true that facebook is making us pay $5 a month for having an account this summer?!?!?!
is seeing random pictures of <propfemale> and karis looking like they died and talor <propfemale> saying <propfemale> has an amazing nose   random!!!!
is enjoying this springtime weather god's giving us!!
just saw atavar and think its the awsomest movie ever!!!
is sick at homeand wants to sleep all day
is almost done with writing my paper
is working on my research paper
"no matter how weird or crazy friends seam to be, they're still your friends  period"
always laugh when you can  its cheap medicine  smile  -<propfemale> <propmale>
is going on a run
is going bowling w  my small group  laugh 
thesouthbutt com - try it 
"is in <propfemale>'s appartment, the sisters are sleeping, i'm trying to get my homework done but facebook is addicting, and it's so beatiful outside but i can't get out  can't wait for youth group  laugh "
is so tired  but thinks it was worth it! formal was amazing!!
"has no diea whet to do with my life  life is hard, boring,stressing,complicated, meandering, goofy, where did <propfemale> get that\ice cream? anyway,it's at the same time fun, hilarious, peaceful, nerve racking, random, why are there northface and\southbutt backpacks sitting right on each other's   epidermous? all i'm\trying to say is: one week of brain-melting studying before i can sleep for 20 hours a minute  hurry up!!!!"
"is sore from canoeing  sprained my arm when our canoe tipped over  but other than that, it was a-mazing!"
is going camping this weekend  shame though  the frankfort e playful o fireworks are tonight 
just got back from boy scout camp yesterday  leaving for boundary waters on friday  i love summer!!!
is going on a canoe trip for 10 days  won't be seeing all these lovely little pictures of people for a while  smile 
"is having a wonderful goo dinner and discussing weaton college with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> "
"\it takes lots of effort to suck this bad    \"""""
watched rent at the park last night  great music  bad plot 
is going to honeyrock!!!
gets to miss the first week of school!
ate an entire pizza friday and burned most of it off in swim practice
is chilling at my sisters' before youth group
"looked at my teacher's friends in common and see they're all graduated, and know it's pointless to try and friend them"
just got my life scout rank  next stop eagle!
has anyone had a facebook friend that you don't know and wonder how he became your friend?
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
two finals we don't have to worry about    
it's the first white christmas in a long time  i love jesus!!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> just left for at least two months  i'll be praying for him every day
"got \just a dream\"" stuck in my head all day """
"if you love me, comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend, like this status \if you ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you hate me, message me and tell me why \if you're not scared, post this as your status   smile "
its funny how you can poke people without making them annoyed on facebook  smile 
it's spring time    smile 
"full house, great singing, <propmale> and <propfemale> dancing like there's no 2morrow, loved it!!!!"
