dde76392815957eed97b57d1af5c343c
** for all of you who care    my brother will be drafting down at the shop tonight along with some other old school players if yur up for a challange! ** 630 be there!!!
life is the motion between two objects and the resistence that is given back from the push you give 
people need to learn to read!!!!!!!! and interpit!!!
yay     got a roommate    get to keep the house!!!
wow    drove over 200 <propmale> today     yay     tired   need sleep    hmmmm sleep    wait!     no rest for the wicked!!!!!
wow      borrrrringggggggg
when you think you have lost something where do you goto find it even if you dont know if you actually lost it?
ponders the mysteries of life    
"dreams, nostalgia and thoughts of how great things used to be will fill your mind today, but before you get too swept up in it all, be sure you're remembering everything correctly -- with your mind, not just your heart  if you're in doubt, spend some time"
wonders where the script to life is   
i feel you creeping    i can see you in my shadow   
wonders why yaks  are called yaks      and not skay      interesting ehh  wink 
woot   buying a car <propmale> hopefully!
new car = awsome!
yay    friday night blows!
so h town's fireworks     meh     saw a couple people so it was cool!
when you tun off th lights    do blind people notice?
you havnt lived life until you have drivin 80 with th top down and the wind blowing in your hair with the music blarring!!!     priceless    
wood grain paneling is sooo 80's
the one thing no one can ever take from you   strip away    demote you from    peel from you     force out of you     grab   gank   hawk  remove is     your education    to all of you who feel college is overrated    overpriced      over thought of    ove
the mind is a fickle thing     they say they know whats in there     but what is really in there?
sooo last day of work = 2 buckets of waterto the face as i was leaving      yay     monday equals revenge  smile     but it must b something good and clever    suggestions accepted  smile 
"sometimes love comes around, ands it knocks you down, just get back up when it knocks you down     "
"straiten up little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip, what you crying about     you got me   "
just got back from gen-con    and wow     pretty awsome    
looking for a roommate in <propmale>    let me know if you might be interested    3 bed  1 bath    350 a month    all utilites included   if ya need my number    let me know
"there is no \i\"" in team      but there is a \""me\"""""
back at school    and it rocks    !!!! man i miss learning     no joke   tests suck    but man do i love information !!!!
"if conversation is like a fire, how many sticks does it take to set the world a blaze    "
the fires of thought burn brightly when lit from the outside    
when the fires of thought burn to bright     spontaneous combustion is possible!
2 eggs     toast    coffee     and some plato    breakfast of philosophers!
last class     then freeeeedom!!!!!
some people      just suck! u know who you are    
so    ideas on legal ways to make spare money?!?!?!
need a roommate!!! please apply within!!!!
homework     bleh!
doing home work at ugs    otherwise i will fall asleep on my couch    !  smile  lol
ahhh philo     makes my brain boil when the people dont know how to write!!!
"you can never be in the same place as you are now, because that place will never exist again   the place you are now, is the place you were a moment ago   "
so i am pretty sure every utensil i owned was dirty     time for dishs  smile    then laundry   then vaccumming
ipod touch are f***ing amazing!!!     i just figured out how to control my pc completly      mwhahahhahha
"psyc test, then calc quiz, then report due     awsome friday!!!         not!!!"
yayayayayayay   everything is done   sit through a class then go enjoy my friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sat night    what to do   soo many choices     not!!!!
"when you realize where you are and where you have been and you look back you see that it was never really what it was when you saw it then, and it will never be the way you see it now "
ready to kill dumb people!!!!!
hmm   tuesday    u think seomthing would be happening   
facebook is boring   
pretty sure i have been listening to the same song for the past 2 hours   hmm   just noticed  smile 
tgif~!~!!~!~!~!~!~!~!~!~!      i love friday!!!!
guess what          chicken butt smile 
well    blew a tire on the saab  sad  booooo more money down the drain    thank god for spares !!!
when one thing is up    another is down    when world spins in reverse time goes backwords    when the world is in the norm nothing else is   
"when the roof caved in, and the truth came out, i just didnt know what to do     "
"there are many lives in one life, ones with purpose, ones with meaning, some have no purpose whatsoever, and other mean the world   "
so    i guess if you add the word party to it     kids will do it  smile     looks like a laundry party and vaccuum party is going down tonight!!
bored     no parties this halloween  sad 
hi ho    hi ho    off to class i go!
grrrr
wants to monkey stomp people    
is it bad whn you can almost only identify yourself as a student      
happy turkey day!
the price of life is pain     we all pay up eventually   
yay     paper done!!!!!
1 day till ipa conference  smile 
love life drink coffee  smile 
tis friday    and a good day  smile  everyone is in high spirits and in a good mood  smile  makes me happy  smile 
the fizz in mt dew makes my tounge tickle in the morning  smile     i kinda like it
well     change of mood in the morning already     snow     ugh   
so   <propmale> simpson jammy pants underneath khankis     awsome idea for a cold day  smile 
when u have little time to ponder    the things u do ponder seem immense   
can a phoenix fly in a heavy downpour    ?
"bid ideas are hinted at all your life, it when you reconize them that matters    "
when life gets tough     make beef jerkey    
i think i understand what people with anxiety disorders go through      for once the stress of things are getting to me  not used to this     ugh
must keep mind on homework      hard to do though     arawrwrwrawaraksfvksdfvkev
music has power over people    
after listening to the same song for almost 3 hours i realized something     
really    is it going to happen to me this late     omg      i must be crazy      but seomthing says its right    at least right now it does    i am prolly crazy though!!! aahhhhhhhhhhh
stress lvl 9 2     with still room to grow     smile  smile it makes your butt tickle!!!
dazed and confused        
papers papers papers    will be glad to see you dead and gone!!!
1 down four to go!!!
the wonders of life are immense     u will never be able to discover them all    however you must strive to or fall short of the meaning of life   
"\desire feeds the fire of love\""     unknown author"""
drinking mocha and writing abotu the nature of nature accoring to aristotle    
events in life happen for a reason    u dont always know what they are until later when u can reflect back and see them from somewhere else   
on to lucretius and the nature of death!
1st step to knowing u have a problem is admitting it right  ? my problem is i dont know how many mochas i have had today !!     uh oh   
lucretius is done being read     paper time!!! bum bum bum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       (dramatic pause)      bum!!!!!!
when things in life dont add up     try subtraction
<propfemale>     took a coupe hour break    played some video games and <propmale> with a friend    back to the grind of what i call life!!!    (aka papers)
couple*
must    bed     zzzzzzzz
finally up     shower    coffee    then hmmm maybe some more papers!!!!    fml lol
papers coming aloong smoothly today  smile      bout to go grab a bite to eat then back at it   
brain power is slowly dwindling to nothing     papers root your brain after so many    ugg
day 4      running low on food    waters been gone for hours    the only friend i have is this talking mt dew can     he says im lazy    so smacked him     now hes mad he has dimples     and he wont talk to me anymore  sad 
philo final      bum bum bummmmmmmm!!!!!!!! ugg   
80% on the philo exam!!! woot woot!!!       studying does pay off! lol
"as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste this onto your status for all your friends asap"
hmm    guess what i am doing    more papers!!! yay!!!   not   lol
stress is like a plauge    it can transfer from one to another with no effort   
wtb sanity   pst!!!!
lame    gotta wake up at 5am     for an 8am final     really who does that     8am?!?!?! wtf!!!
410 is way to earlyto wake up fo a final     ugg    wheres dewd when u need him    oh! hey there you are!  smile 
u know its finals week when all the people you typically see online at 2 am     are instead not on     and on the next morning at 4am saying   fml
pro of waking up at 4 am to study     parking was a breeze!!! lol
cons of waking up at 4 am to study     when you fing forget your list of what to study at home      and home is an hour away!!!!      fml
50 questions    20 mins    owned that final!!!    one more left for the day    then the joyful reward of sleep    mmmmm
woot !!!a in my writing class  wink  !!!?!?!?!??! 1yayayyay
sweet jesus is it nap time     omg i love u bed!!!!!        
"\everyone called <propmale> a pussy for biting off hollifields ear     i call that fuckig devotion !!!\"" <propmale>"""
"some things in life you cant control, all u can do is strive to continue the goals you have with persistance     they say persistance pays off      lets hope   "
off to bed    to rest my head    so i can get up early in the morrrrning    fml and jingles   
last final today!!!! bum bum bum!!!!!!
grrr
"you cant always have the things in life you want, however    when u think u might be able to     what do you do    do you ruin your <propmale> of ever getting it by trying    or jump the gun    "
negative people need to railze the power of being positive     
avatar was an amazing movie!!!
priorities     thier a pain
people              
some people dont get the point when something is said     grrrrr
"my grades were 10x better this semster  smile    a, b+, b, c+, d (in calc lol)"
tis a good day when u find earthbound on an emulator!!!!
grr    bored!
i remember black skies    lightning all around me   
wants teachers who speak english    correctly    not broken !!!!!
finding old videos are always fun smile  lol
and the drywll dust settles    
confused   
suspicious     
the past is haunting    
dreams fade and new ones begin     
used books rock for the simple fact of everything important being marked and a note in the back that says     i got an a btw  smile 
"i used to think that \no rest for the wicked\"" meant people who can have a good time didnt need to sleep     now    i understand it really means   """
my start to a 4 0 semester is on its way !!!    all a's so far    lets see how my critical thinking grade comes back!!! mwhahaha
lol  doppelganger is soooo gay   butbout the closest i coudl think of lol  
introducing the butterfly effect to your stats teacher in regards to the idea of independant events     epic win       finding out that your barely english speaking prof cant write either and obviuosly cant read     on a test     epic fail     boooooo !
woot woot!!!! got a 96% on my critical thinking test !!! well on my way to a a in that class !!!  smile 
the pursuits of the world dont always match up with your own   
jealous of everyone travelling abroad!
parking at ipfw sucks when you come two hours early!
its a <propmale> and possibly creampuff weekend!!!
grrrrrrr     i keep forgetting to buy milk for my coffee!!!
pondering the meaning of life    
interesting   having a intelligent convo on mtgo    who woulda thunk!
yum     bed!
woot woot 88% on the international business test!!
dumb people bother me     and hair pieces!
"the world is a mysterious place    the ebb of time is like a river     ever changing    if the world stood still     would a river stop running,      would that ebb contine to flow    ?"
bats to vampires     frogs to princesses        mice to men       commoners to nobles      humans to dust     what of essece?
woot  smile  84% on the second test in my crit thinking class!
living the convertible life ! loooooooove nice days!
odd     went to bed about 2    didnt fall asleep till round 6    woke up at 7   hopefully back to bed round 9 till 1    i never have problems sleeping       
dreams about being held captive by crazie germans    and war    and things of the sort should not be had by 24 year old males who dont play war games        hmmmm   vivid
its a south bend weekend  smile 
"life is like cheese    it can get all gross and modly, yet that is that makes it what it is    and u can scrap the mold off and still have good cheese  smile "
bored bored bored    
the world is a hard place   
yum   
omg     interstate gas company can eat     32 calls later    maybe the 33rd will work for them to sto calling !! lol
its amazing what 1 rainy day can do to a person    
i use facebook to vent my missspellings of words   
today is just not my day     
just one of them thangs   
i love bass  smile 
yay   finally accepted to the upper level business program at ipfw lol   hmm seems late since i should be graduating next year lol
off to dinner  
i want to procrastinate so bad       that i clean   
all nighter here i come    thanksfully only the first since the start of the semester   but still    damn!     5 tests back to back to back to back to back      blows!!!!
hmm after hours of studying      i might not fail ! and actually think i should do well    1 more chapter to perfect       blah   
woot ! i am done fo the night !!!!      3 hours of sleep here i come !!! mwhahaha    hmmm on second thought    3 hours of sleep   good or bad     ?
day five     test five    lets see how it goes   
holy crap !?!?!??!?!?!        my son turns 7 this friday      i can see the gray hairs coming now !!!!  wink 
omg !!!! my son is 7 !!! ahhhh      ( wont lie    i secretly like it  smile  )
<propmale> and his drunken shenigans are spectacular  !
woot job interveiw on thursday !
people    
well interveiw <propmale> morn     cloths pressed and shoes set out
6am is early      
pretty sure i smashed that interveiw  smile  waiting for the second interveiw call now  smile 
come on company     u know you want to call me back for a 2nd interveiw!!!!
tormenting my roommate one day at a time    im on a boat!!!!
yay    presentation this morning    booooooo at least its the last grade in the class !!!
and    ow~!! i jammed my finger playign basketball yesterday     this is way i dont play sports lol  wink 
"thus starts the week that ends my social life for 2 weeks     projects, finals    papers, reading    tests    ugg    hellooooo tinkerbell cup and esspresso machine   i will be calling you shortly !!!"
ratios why do u haunt me   
man up
the wonders of the world will always be a mystery       
woot woot 96 on the psy final  smile 
only 2 more finals      uggg
woot b+ in internatinal business !
mfng bammmmmmmmm     95% on my crit thining final !!!!!
omg   brain is dead     yay!!!!!!!! done with classes !!!
"im on fire!!!!       2 b+'s, 2 b's, 1 c, and an unknown    will keep posted    totally psyced!!! i shoudl be able to get into the c surprise p program now  smile "
so bored      so peaceful     ahhhh  smile 
"yay !!!!! passed all my classes !!!! got 2 b+'s, 2 b's , and 2 c+'s !!!!!!!! wooooottttt"
woot got a class accepted as part of my applied ethics minor that i already took !!!! yay !!!!
so my brother graduate from berkley uni  today with his dr         wow   i feel lame lol
not having a job sucks!
cant catch a break    
working at the faire in my get up ! should be fun lol  smile 
ugg
woot woot   kinda got a job   at least for the next 2 weekends lol   
has realized how retarded the city of huntington is     really    more od's ? sounds harsh but its the truth   
would someone e playful lain to me why in the world someone would make thier children a facebook <propfemale> ?!!?!?!?!??!
got the johny cash outfit ( as <propfemale> would say) all ready for this weekends job lol
well weekend went well  smile  worked and found a pen worth almost $300  laugh  yay me !
ahhh ribfest     u were too good to me ! good money   good food    good people     ! awesome time !  smile 
"i love it when in my \suggestions box\"" its shows that more people have \""liked\"" south park than the bible !!!!! funny!"""
weeding peopel out of the friends list !  smile 
i want to destroy soemthing
9 days      mwhahahaha smile 
dear fireworks     i dont like you      the big ones   very cool    buying your own    not my thing    personally if i am gonna light my money on fire i want it to be more personal lol
btw    the last airbender       waste of film !!!!!       utter disapointment  
5 days till the party       can not wait !!!
its a hard time to see an ideal crushed     
2 days !!!!!!!!
today is not my day   but <propmale> will be !!!
can not wait for <propmale> at midnight !!!!  i can taste it already mmmmmm
off for a cruise   
less than 24 hours       smile 
party starts in 4 5 hours       sooo ready     to     drink !!!
just ran around the block with a 70 pbs weight bag on my shoulders for 20$ woot !
20 mins !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 mins     2 5 years is a loooooonnnngggg ass time to wait    but guess what h town    i beat you     mwhahah ! i refuse to be this statistic
time to drink !!!!!!!!!
drinking a beer and writing ethics questions to ask inmates at h town jail any real suggestinos ?
lovin the freedom to drink beer !!!!
people confuse me lol
my landshark is empty      sad 
if anyone happens to stop by the 3 rivers feat stop by and see me at the walgreens bus !! we are dead and i am bored lol
time for interviews ! finally !!!! let's see what they think
its gonna be a long day     
wow     that is all
pool and food  smile  always fun !
bunk beds were originally made for married couples without a couch !
at work at baily's coffee ala cart till 6! come see me and get our special of the month that i invented! the oreo mocha ! hot or cold  smile 
come up to baileys and grab a cup!
off to do the thing i do best       hopefully lol
"bird bird bird, bird is the word !"
shoot me pls
hope is the light that let's us see through to tomorrow    
father son breakfast     always fun lol  smile 
can the warmth of anothers soul thaw my frozen heart
"woot ! got a 100% on my ppt , was worth 20% of my grade !!!"
one place at a time   soul by soul they will fall   the master plan  smile 
life is better when u own a convertible !
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours! fair is fair    play along     "
i love my job  smile 
"goin to levis this weekend ! woot !! poker, drum circles, and sacrifices this weekend!        ok i made up the sacrifices   but you never know  smile "
woot !!!!!!! 102% on my p301 test !!!! never before     and never again will that happen lol
me+pandora+mt dew = philo paper    figure that one out chemists!
what are the chances any one i know on fb knows how to make an iphone app?  smile  compensation included of course !  smile 
call 260-479-0060 for coffee delivery anywhere in city limits of huntington from <propfemale>'s coffee! only a 5$ minimum order and you get to make me work by doing it!
on my way to an asylum    
taiwan process almost complete  smile  mwhaha
anyone know what's up with the buses and the cops in fort <propmale>    ? like a giant convoy of than    like 10 busses then 2 cops and i swear i have seen over 100 busses now!!!
"i now truly understand the defination of cabin fever, being sick 2 days before this blizzard then being stuck again once the snow drops     ugh"
"live life, love love, hate pity, burn them all"
critical thunkd! ftw!
oysters clams and osprey    what do they all have in common?
ugh    
anyone have a xbox 360 that working and they want to sell?!? let me know pls !!!
tuckered out    
11 days  smile 
starting tomorrow until the end of march we will be having the 'baileys 1 year anniversary sweepstakes'! the grand prize will be 1 free small coffee a day for a year!!! we will also be giving away over $100 dollars in gift cards and prizes  purchase is necessary to enter including deliveries  simply fill out the small form and drop it in the box or give it to the driver  260-479-0060 or stay tuned for more details!
"yesterday     i was mad    went to mccy d's, saw the commercial for 2 fillet o fish for 3$, turns out it didnt start till today   i love fillet o fish  smile "
yay baileys tax check  smile 
5 days !!!
3 days  smile 
2 days  smile   smile   smile 
1 day !!!  laugh 
bumped up to first class for the 5 hour leg of the trip  smile 
"wow, long ass day    pics to come     taiwan i sweet   and crazy !     and <propfemale> lost my luggage    booo !"
tried to party on the rooftop in taipei    didnt work out so well lol
"couldnt ask for a better monday to come back too, <propfemale> day driving with the top down! smile      still miss the buddies though!  sad "
"taiwan will touch your heart, taipei will breath into your soul, but it is only the people that make it feel whole "
"ugh   school   why do you treat me so ! just let me have the degree and let me do me do the things i <propfemale> with my life    you are like a parasite on my life    suck me dry and leave me to dye, you run me down, you belittle me, you are a oxymoron, you force me to have you yet make yourself unattainable    school"
omg      
2 days in a row up before 6 am       not in my life plan    
"dear w430 teacher     i despise you and your testing paper ways, u have no idea   "
