f196bfaa4ba58db9b9ffbbaa4b35d116
doing alright  stying busy as always 
"my step dad passed away yesterday morning  it has been a very difficult time for my family  my son <propfemale> is taking it really hard, but trying not to show it  he's trying to be srong for me and his grandma  please keep my family in all your prayer right now  we need them "
"they say time heals all woundes, so then when does the pain go away?"
why do men ly?
"i know that not all men are bad, but it sucks when you finally trust someone only to have them break that trust  then they have the gutts to try to make seem like they've done nothing wrong "
i'm sorry but isn't having someone move in before you break up cheating 
went out with an old friend  it was nice to get away for a while 
time to stop felling so mad about the things that i can not change and get on with life 
"it is amazing when someone makes ya fell like you don't matter, just how totally amazing friends can be  i might be bad a picking relationships, but not friends cause i have the best ones ever! thank you to all true friends!!!!"
it is time for a nice hot bubble bath  lol  then to finish homework 
new beginings can be awsome!!
"true friends are few & far between, so be sure to let them know just how important they are to you "
"asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer or diabetes  i know my family will, my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it"
"if you're not scared,put this on your status to see how people rate you  (1) =crazy  (2)= id marry you  (3) = attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= id kiss you  (7)= moody   ( smile = smart  (9)= entergetic  (10)= random  (11)= hot  (12)=funny  (13)=fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= nice (1 smile = i love you "
"it's daughters week! if you have a beautiful daughter s that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime"
"i've slept with a baby on my chest  i've kissed boo boos and mended a broken heart  i've been puked on, peed on, and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair, but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor            or blessing! post this as your status if you are proud to be a mom! i love all 7 of my kids"
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on all status'"
"it's sons week! if you have a handsome son or sons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
"women's ass size study    there is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses    the results were pretty interesting   30% of women think their ass is too fat    10% of women think their ass is too skinny    the remaining 60% say they don't care, they love him, he's a good man and they wouldn't trade him for the world    i know you're laughing!! feel free to repost this if you love your ass "
so tired of being sick  wish this crud would just go away already 
"believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebook has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  lock n load"
"a good momma thinks about her children day and night  a good momma loves her children in a way that they will never understand  a momma will be there for her children when no one else will  a good momma would take a bullet, stand in front of a train, and ask god to take her instead of her child  if you have a child or children that you love as much as i love mine, post this as your status "
just got done for the day & ready to pass out  lol  night everyone 
"well, i'm going to be here at ft chaffee for 1 more week  lol "
well i'm plum tired everyone so i'm going to call it a night  good night to all my friends (ya know who ya are)  lol
"i make mistakes being a mom (sometimes more than i would like to admit)  but i will always be there for you, to hear you, to cheer for you, to laugh or cry with you, to protect you with my life, and to love you for eternity with all my heart  no one will ever love you more than i do, i'm your mom! re-post if you have children, that will always be in your ?"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
good night everyone!!
blueberry  wink   smile 
blueberry
i licked a baseball bat under your bed because i'm cool like that  lol
