185d08e011cfe2697d1743e480fab1b1
today is going to be a boring day 
going to colorado!
went to registration this morning  
"in the true spirit of summer, i've spent almost all day doing absolutely nothing  laugh "
well my hair turned out dark blue   at least i have school spirit   
i know way too much about pennsylvania now   
no me gusta colorear  sad 
i am officially the biggest procrastinator on earth
having 2 crazy labs in the house in very counterproductive  
just found out that i somehow ran a 23 minute 5k in 7th grade   a little depressed now  
hey guess what? i'm not going to see new <propfemale> in an hour and 7 minutes  smile 
happy national hug a cross country runner day! *hug*
really random things pop into my head at 1 in the morning 
"started off the new year by coming home to 8 drunk adults attempting to play guitar hero  key word: \attempting\""  laugh """
pensez-vous que l'hiver sera rude?
for some reason only the spanish channels are concerned about covering the tsunamis in hawaii  
phone is now dead
the authority zero concert was awesome! especially two tone lizard kings  smile 
"\the moral of snow white is never eat apples \""  laugh """
"\we're not stupid  we know our names are gred and forge \""-hp1  laugh """
"\the ability to speak does not make you intelligent \""-qui-gon jinn  may the fourth be with you  """
celebrated the end of ap week with how to train your dragon   now for some much needed sleep  smile 
is super excited for the new cross country season  i'm missing most of summer training though  sad 
woke up this morning for some reason thinking it's easter   
dude! i'm going to washington tomorrow  laugh 
went to the roller rink tonight! and bruised my knees!!
? ? ? ?? ? ? ? ?? ?? ha thats pretty much all i know how to say  laugh 
"maturity is overrated  wink \and apparently so is studying for quizzes"
toy story 3 was amazing!
"contrary to common belief, playing <propfirst> does not teach you chinese"
ughh i hate my life
so   sierra and i are already planning out who we're going to dress up as for the hp7 premiere  laugh   i'm off to the library
well that extra brutal hike used up my quota of lucky saves for the day   so hopefully i won't fall out of bed now 
"well since i'm such a crowd follower   soe is almost over!!! ='(\also, <propfirst> and kirstina are counterproductive to studying"
5 mile run followed by 6 hours of sleep   aghh it's uneven!!!!! d:
heading off to tucson for the streetlight manifesto concert  laugh 
amazing night! and <propfirst> potthast is pretty much just hilarious
i think i ruined both of my miracle fish  sad 
"i'm sorry to <propfirst> and all my vegetarian friends   but spam is officially the best food on earth  and yes, i am aware of what's in it "
"apparently i need to work on my upper arm strength just in case arizona has an epic flood and i happen to be trapped in a room with pipes hanging from the ceiling and an air vent is the only exit and my best friend isn't in a life-saving mood, i'll need to be able to do a pull-up   laugh "
"\while i was waiting   i ate your lunch \"" no idea why", but this cracks me up  laugh \185d08e011cfe2697d1743e480fab1b1,we're going to state!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
thirty s ribosome   thirty s ribosome!!!! gotta love those scientists from the 70s
and so marks the end of my last and most amazingly awesome season  i'm going to miss my cross country team!
"okay, it's crunch time \\no, seriously  i could really use a crunch bar  so tired  "
"well, i didn't get the flinn scholarship   but on the bright side, i don't have to feel obligated to stay in-state for college now  now if only i knew how to break the news to mr  diller  haha"
"well, i'm pretty bummed i missed the state of the union address, but at least i got to go to a nice family dinner courtesy of my sister   smile "
efhs students: today is the last day to buy a yearbook! there will not be extras! go to jostensyearbooks com and buy yours now for $55  ordering closes at midnight so tell your friends who haven't bought a yearbook yet to hurry up and order!!
outdoor iceskating > indoor iceskating  smile 
is eating some monster mini-bagels  laugh 
nothing beats rocking out at a streetlight concert  smile 
"the first rule of thermodynamics: you do not talk about thermodynamics \the second rule of thermodynamics: you do not talk about thermodynamics!  laugh \\hanging out with friends and eating some pi day pie definitely made me feel better about mit crushing my hopes and dreams lol"
"so, tonight i learned in a slightly unusual manner that got into   uc-berkeley! it will only cost me an arm, a leg, and my first-born to go there, but yeah, i'm stoked  smile "
nom nom nom sleep  why the heck am i so tired?
