e5c2eb4620b1a856dde6ac4114099c55
what a day   
"friday on a monday    that would be the way it goes  please tell me that there is something going on tonight-come on weekend, dont let me down"
looking at a condo ontop of sugarbush today 
hope it stays nice out      tims 21st today   that will be fun!
felt like a 16 today    glad it wasnt though     guess i should wash my car or some shit
home from work   feeling like total shit    maybe its the swine    not looking forward to going back to jail in the am    blah 
time to stop living in a dream world and be serious again  home from maine   had such a good time and i for sure dont want to be back here in vermont 
"lets have some fun, this beat is sick, i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  way to go lady gaga  ew, i feel like i have mrsa on me!!!"
yay   home from work
hair dye fun    girly night i guess
searching for apartments   seems like a failed attempt 
"house to myself for a few hours    god, i have no idea what to do with my time!"
"i won't let you turn around and tell me now i'm much too proud, all you do is fill me up with doubt  this time baby i'll be bulletproof "
cant stop listening to la roux
"you told me you can't wait to see me and then you didn't bother to even show up  this whole situation is incredibly typical, i should have seen it all along "
"this time of night is always the worst for me  the world is asleep, and i am not  i need to learn how to relax after work "
has too much that needs to get done today!
"2 more days till the weekend, 9 until i see my sister!!!"
friggen snow on the interstate   and fog at the same time  what the hell is up with that? doing a lot of mental eye rolling 
this house feels like an ice box!
"ever thought of a \dislike you\"" button?"""
i swear   as i was using it   facebook just changed on me    what the hell???
really effing excited for friday!
going to continue enjoying my draft cider while doing a crossword   then passing the eff out 
really really really super excited for <propfemale> to come home    its going to be a really nice scene at the airport 
can't breath    therefore can't sleep 
movies with sparky    my life is thrilling 
going to try and wake up at a reasonable hour with the hopes of maybe getting to a store or two for black friday   i wouldn't count on it though 
"after 4 years of dying my hair different shades of brown, i have decided to bring it back it a more natural state "
trying to sleep all day    back to work tonight
cannot sleep  nice 
needs sleep   
bought a new computer today!
"bed    more than 4 hours of sleep today, please   "
is sleeping through the nice weather 
feels like poo    sinus infection!
store run to try and keep myself medicated   
is spending her weekend in bed    lame 
needs to center herself-time for yoga 
dr  appointment at 3    not a big fan of docters 
needs to be in the sun
bed  got to be in 4 early for 1930   wooo
is off to work
yoga! and then watching boondock saints 2!
"getting ready for work and the rainy drive  the wether has to get worse before it gets better, brighter days are soon to come!"
4 early    and praying that i don't get hit for 4 over 
"yoga, shower, work  its my friday (wooooo) and i have come to terms with the fact that an order over, is without doubt, a sure thing "
"sweet pea is asleep, which means no attack <propfemale> for the moment   and i found a wireless network that does not require a password  life is good in the house cat sitting world!"
"glad that night is over, now looking forward to the next one"
is awake waaaay to early
sleeping   more ot tonight 
is going to end up with less than 5 hours of sleep  shiiiiit!
needs an apartment   now!
is running
is already sick of the red sox vs  yankees shananagins
ran 2 miles    holy shit 
"thank you so much, town of barre  your construction plans really mess up my day  can you please turn the water back on so i can at least wash my hands?!?  i am on a quest to find running water!"
"bed  2 days down, 5 more to go  ew "
needs more sleep   
bed   work at 1930 
just worked 16 hours    the order over at the last second really added a nice topping to the shit pie of a night 
4 days off    woot! happy fun time 2010
has to get the hell out of this state now!
is feeling unmotivated 
is trying to make it through the week in one peice 
"sometime i feel like its the memories that make it hardest     but still they put a smile one my face  miss you dad, love you forever  happy birthday "
shit has once again hit the fan 
is gonna try and get at least one tattoo finished tonight 
"\owning your burdens is half the battle\"""""
back to work    6 days of hell 
to the two a-holes in the gym unit    thanks for fighting 30 seconds before my shift was over 
ya   i am gonna feel it tomorrow 
"dreams are excursions into the limbo of things, a semi-deliverance from the human prison   ~henri amiel"
is going to be driving to work in the snow with bald tires   fantastic!
it really is just like camp   except not as much fun and no beer 
i would much rather hide under the covers today    at least until my head stops pounding!
long island iced tea    you have really done it this time 
so much to do    number one on the list    be outside!
i see where you are coming from    could you just look at my point of veiw? you might better understand where i am coming from   
wishes that the things that shouldn`t make her mad didn`t and that the things that should make her mad did 
note to self    don't ever    ever  do ot on your day off    never! stuck until the hospital trip gets back    
woman who runs with skirt up runs faster than man with pants around ankels
don't worry i'll catch you 
"search and rescue mission number two is about to begin  you can run, but you can't hide your car "
"i can't say that i am shocked, but i am deffinatly not impressed "
back to work   thank god its only a 4 day week  smile 
all i can do now is pray for the best  miss you sparky!
why am i awake right now???
great   cell phone has offically shit the bed  can't believe i got a whole year out of an lg 
got a phone that works
sort of turned into a fml type of day
"you know that it could all be as easy as you want it to be, but you would rather spin your tires in the same rut, the one that always gets you stuck "
what a tangled web we weave   
"it's 1am   nothing better to do, might as well go to the gym "
thoughts and prays for co-worker chis <propmale> and his family 
"another night in the gym, then i get the pleasure of house 2 tomorrow  i cannot wait for this week to be done   "
made it to her weekend!
cpr training tomorrow at 1230   and after my weekend can finally start! so fricken excited for friday!
is to thrilled for the events taking place tomorrow that she cannot sleep 
ouch 
\you alone can break down the wall behind which i tremble  \,e5c2eb4620b1a856dde6ac4114099c55,the verriotto home smells like poo this morning ew
"trying to get pumped up for work   ya, its not happening"
"is almost looking froward to work tomorrow  god, what a scary thing to think   "
"4 early foxtrot, then 8 hours float    come on 2330!"
that was a sunday night for the record books    
"though it may break her heart, she is trying to ditch her dodge today"
dishes: done  laudry: sort of done  ugh 
getting ready for the day    i am so pleased that the sun is shining for my day off!
is stressing about sunday   fathers day    
"thank you sir, may i please have a double  might as well start my week right "
is going to the dmv again     she will not be defeated by a stupid test!
now has her motorcycle permit  motorists beware 
put a down payment on a bike yesterday  i will have it in my possesion on thursday!
is recovering and finding a hole with water in it to swim in    like a swimming hole 
feeling a little sore   and super lousy  just one of those days i guess 
is not moving from the couch for the rest of the night 
getting my bike tomorrow!!! i probably wont sleep tonight 
flop ouch 
how do i hurt more today than i did yesterday???
waaarrrrm!
it would be my luck that big d is coming to town    and i can't go because of work   
is not looking forward to working in the hot box tonight  these 8 hours are going to dragggggg 
another 4 hours in this inferno!
sick on my weekend  that would be my luck 
"the docter says i need to sleep, so whats the solution when my mind refuses to let me???"
just had a 3+ hour nap    
bored out of my mind!
"it's no use trying to e playful lain, you will never get it anyway   "
"would love to be able to drink water without feeling pain  she would also like her 2,000 mg's of antibiotics to start working "
mono??? shiiiiiit
"go ahead, build me up and watch me fall, i will keep getting up again "
is feeling pain    ouch!
is getting ready for a 2 day ride to the coast in n h  riding bitch the whole way  pain in unavoidable 
new <propfemale> is on the bike! its ready to ride!!!
going for a ride    if i break this <propfemale> i will be pretty pissed 
"praying for 8, thinking its going to be 12 "
"droid eris  how is it that just turing the phone on makes it freak out??? \anyway, phones out for a bit   "
lost her phone numbers   awesome  shoot me a text or give me a call   
just got a confirmation e-mail about the basic riders course  8 6-8 8  wont be long now till i am riding    and not hurting myself    
can't sleep   my mind is racing  maybe its just the redbull 
needs to find something to do   
"going to bed late    going to work early\bad combination"
day off    so excited that i can't sleep in!
red eyed tree frog    ribbit ribbit!
going to stowe    cant stand to be here with the lightining alone 
omg    work 
oil change 
"\you can't fall off the floor \""  ~author unknown"""
basic riders course starts today  trying to learn how to not fall!
my mind is at ease    sort of    
"if anyone sees my sister tonight, tell her i said happy birthday   i would do it if i knew where to get ahold of her "
got her motorcycle license today  woot woot 
"day went from blah to bad to better to      \on a brighter note, i saw a shooting <propfemale> tonight!"
feels slightly lost   
is surprisingly glad to go to work    
barre 
maine!
this night is dragging    
the beach is less than a week away    
"one more day, then a single night of vacation "
this too shall pass    
"after over 13 hours without power, its finally back "
"the snow was nice and pretty the first storm we had, now it is just getting old "
winter vacation starts earlier than i thought it did  smile 
mass 
conn 
ny 
jersey
<propfemale> 
doesn't want this vacation to end   
crazy to think back a year ago today and remember where i was   
it was one of those mornings where it was easier to clean the snow off the car with a shovel   
"i 89 is a mess, avoid it "
"as it gets closer to one year, i can feel the sadness building    missing my dad "
"after looking at homes that are thousands of <propmale> away, i decided that i need to move  i thought that california was the most e playful ensive state to live in    not true  vermont is a great place to throw your money away    "
monday on a friday   gotta love this schedule 
"tila was just rolling around on the bed, rolled a little too far and had to use her claws to save herself from a terrible fall "
planet earth  smile 
has no idea what she is going to do for the next ten hours   
that was a bad night 
i am bored out of my mind 
"just thinking about how much i miss my dads cooking  don't know why, because it was usually not the best, but he could make a damn good meatloaf "
i don't know if i have ever slept this much   
the bulletproof dodge is in the shop  thank you shitty vermont roads for hurting my poor car  sad 
getting out of the state for a few days  smile 
"new jersey, where they don't pump their gas, they pump their fist "
"the forecast for manahawkin, new jersey; abundant sunshine  remind me again, why am i leaving?"
"spending time with the spigel-thaxtons and the children  oh, almost forgot, <propmale> too "
"me \what do you want for dinner\""\",e5c2eb4620b1a856dde6ac4114099c55,the snow is vermont's way of laughing at everyone who went to a beautiful and warm destination for spring break  are we as citizens of this state really shocked 
i am excited for tonight!
"i had a wonderful night with friends, new and old, family, and people who might as well be family, they've been there for everything anyway "
"so, how do you get permanent marker off your face?"
"i feel like i have talked to 50 different land lords and rental agencies, looked at a million ads, viewed a bunch of apartments and filled out so many rental aplications     all without success     fml "
"watching avatar, i love this movie"
"braveheart  great movie, so sad "
"after submitting what feels like 50 applications, looking at 30 apartments, making a hundred phone calls, and sorting through ads on craigslist burlington free press and the times argus, finally, we got the call we are waiting for!"
"moving tomorrow through thursday, any help is most welcome!"
today is cleaning and moving day one     what fun 
i am suffering from an overdose of cleaning 
"attn truck owners: help  would only be a day of moving stuff, tomorrow if possible   bed from richmond, and some furniture from south barre  can pay with cash or beer (if of age) or both  thanks "
i am sleeping in my new apartment    
"got a rider <propfirst>, big items today    there is no enthusiasm today "
"what a wonderful day to be moving furniture into a 3rd floor apartment  the only help i need is from mother nature, and right now, she sucks "
"we are on our last big item, for now  what a pain in my ass!"
