8584824554f11bc960821a5c1350a5bd
"whew! christmas on my dad's side is dangerous! i just found out that this wicked flu that i have been fighting all week i got from my 5 year old cousin, <propmale>, who in the 9 hours that my family celebrated, infected 70% of my family who showed up! (and mind you i have a huge family on my dad's side)   sorry to those of you i have neglected   believe me it was for your own safety! lol and congrats to <propfemale> and <propfirst>!"
summer is finally here    and i'm diggin it  playful !!!
is refusing to allow summer to disappear just because school decided to show its ugly face once more!
"is gettin psyched about \psych\"" opening on thursday!!!!!! woooooo!!!!! come to see it or else         *scary music*"""
"is gettin psyched about \psych\"" (the theatrical production not the tv show  playful  )!!!!!! woooooo!!!!! come to see it this weekend sometime or else         *scary music*  playful """
"is \fffffffffffffffffamazing\"" according to <propfemale>  smile   love  you <propfemale>!!!"""
"is psyching up for \psych\"" performances this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooooooooooo opening night tomorrow!!!!!!!!!"""
opening night here we come!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
thinks it takes true talent to break a finger whilst giving a hug!!!!!!!!! yay to me for my amazing talent!!!!!!!!
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
white
"i am super stoked about the big switch to la crosse this weekend!!! woo! i'm gunna miss all my wb (and surrounding area  playful  ) buddies, but you better keep in touch or else *scary background music*  laugh  lol jk i luv u guys!!!!"
all settled in at uw la crosse!!!!! whoop whoop!!!!
just discovered that as a theater <propmale> it is required to audition for the two upcoming shows which auditions for both happen to be    tonight!!!! holy potato poop!!!!
back-to-back auditions with completely different feels is difficult man! i went straight from a children's musical auditon (very peppy and upbeat) to a drama with the strangest script i have ever read! haha unique e playful erience!  playful 
in-dubidubly
"would now like to be refered to as \halie-sama\""     means \""respect halie\"" in japanese    hahaha awesome!!!"""
my computer charger's still at home    <propmale> of using facebook this weekend    minimal  playful 
annoyed with the never-ending speech presentations that haunt my homework list    although with 3 communications classes in my schedule i should have anticipated that    gah!
i got my computer charger back (after 8 days of minimal usage)!!!!! yeah baby yeah!!!!
relishing the knowledge that the weekend is not far away! wohoo!!!!
<propfemale> is here for the weekend so i am exceedingly enthusiastic!!!!!  playful  whoop whoop!!!
bleck!!! sickness    not cool dude!!!
you can take a break but unfortunately the mind never relaxes as much as you would like it to    it just keeps on truckin'!
"woooooo \into the woods\"" tonight!!!!!!!  playful """
just now realized that i forgot my ipod back in west bend    agony!!!!  playful  aah well i shall just have to suffer another music-less week     sad 
"has \big bang theory\"" theme song stuck in my head    good song    but still   """
"going to \alice in wonderland\""    wooohoo!!!"""
finding it fascinating that personalities that i grew up with are beginning to pop into my life here at uwl    joy of joys    hahaha
yummy!!!! just had bww's!!!! omg i forgot how much i love that place  playful 
boys are dumb    enough said!
have a great break uwl buddies!!!! see you all in a week!  playful 
"good job \brendan\"" buddies!!!! it was good seeing ya'all  playful """
has had waaaaay too long of a day today and is exhausted beyond belief!!! sleep    good    hahaha *snore*
wondering why people find it perfectly ok to cause unneccesay suffering    there is something wrong with this picture yet people are blind to see it 
had a fun time hiking the bluffs    yet not actually hiking a bluff then 3 hours later walking 15 blocks from downtown to my dorm in high heeled cowboy boots    yeah    not a good idea  playful 
what a gorgeous day    darn those stinking classes which disturb the loveliness!
"\what a crazy random happenstance!\"""""
back to school! hopefully the weather makes up for the crap ton of homework i am undoubtibly going to be delt  playful 
blah weather makes me feel blah    darn cloudy skies!!!
ok    memo to self    working out till 11 does not help you go to sleep immediately afterwards lol    darn stinking adrenaline  playful 
welcome snow!!!! to everywhere in wi minus la crosse *evil grin* muahahahaha!!!!
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!! yahoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just finished a 2 1 2 hour hike up the bluffs with my roommate    my muscles are not gunna be happy in the morning    *giggles*    but it was sooooo worth it  playful 
"2 1 2 hr hike     5 rootbeers     a double feature movie night with two goofs    and a ridonkulously busy day tomorrow    sounds like a whoot of a good start to a weekend!  playful      now, if only i could fit sleep in here somewhere    lol"
"highly recommends that you go see \how to train your dragon\""    stinking awesome movie!!!! best animated film i've seen in a loooooong time!"""
yay for new inspiration!!! boo for timing!!! lol
darn you beautiful weather for being glorious on my busiest day of the week    a curse upon your house!
"found an apartment for next academic year!!!! queena, you are my heroine!!! yahooooo!!!"
yay to the spider saver of the room!!!!! no harmless arachnid perishes on my watch!!! hail to the conquering hero *da da dada da dada   da da da da dada da dada daaaaa*
ok i have just topped the list of clumsiest moment ever!!! yay    wooo  ugh my head hurts!
its <propfemale> pretty outside    why the hell am i craving a lazy day inside?!!! absolutely ridonkulous!!!
why do birds suddenly appear     singing at 3 smile 0 am   ?!!! what the heck!!!!
late night hot shower does not help you go to sleep    awww dang-nabbit!!!
"\    but smell her through my eyes   \"" hahaha awesome!!!"""
yay for clumsiness!! only i could manage to create an entire fruit salad without incident    and then manage to cut my thumb as i was putting the knife away     quite impressive!  playful 
fighting a blah mood   
decided that a run on the eliptical would be a good stress reliever    before i knew it i ran 2 1 2 <propmale> in 23 minutes and burned 350 calories    aaand    without stretching or warming up beforehand    i have a feeling that was a baaaaad decision and will be hurting tomorrow    yippy skippy!
one hell of a day   
group projects suck! ugh! thank goodness i'm not a homicidal maniac!!!
gotta love finals week! *rolling eyes dramatically*  playful 
home for a visit before final week hell! yahoo!  playful 
i shall never be in a profession where drafting is a daily requirement    tedious time-consuming detail-oriented projects are not my thing    hahaha
yay! one exam down    one more to go    on friday!! what to do with the excess spare time    the possibilities are only limited by the lack of a vehicle  playful 
is completely done with exams!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  yahooooooooo!
"why, oh why, did i drink an energy drink at 10 smile 0pm just to empty the fridge    crap    all nighter here i come    yay"
its weird to be home    yeah    strange lol
no  1 objective this summer: no drama!!! don't bring it cuz i don't want to deal with it!
wed  night hit the movie theaters    no one is there!!! yahoo!! best seats ever!
got an early start on some sun-kissed skin thanks to the awesome memorial day weekend extravaganza! yahoo!  playful 
ugh! i am undergoing the worst craving of all    the craving to clean!!! the utmost horror!!! someone save me please!
heading to florida with my dear <propmale> miss powder puss tomorrow morning bright and early!! hahaha i am sooo ready to soak in some rays and meet other hp fanatics!  playful 
just got back from a very    uh    eventful week to florida    for more details either contact <propfemale> or myself because frankly i can't fit it all onto a facebook status!
just discovered that i was one of over 5000 people who went to the <propmale> potter theme park grand opening!!! holy nargles!!! no wonder i stood in line nine hours to get into the park!! (no exaggeration people!!!)
twilight eclipse: yay    last airbender: meh    blaise mood this week: nay!
is starting to get tired of being the person everyone goes to for their problems and don't support me when i need some comfort    a one way road goes only so far and my limit is almost reached    i can't handle any more stress
stupid basement flooding    ugh
ugh i have fallen into the high maintenance category    an occular migrane?!    good golly!
ok so i guess it is not an occular migrane    i am just getting scared and pissed at my eyes cuz they hurt so much    i have to wear stinking sunglasses in the office!!! someone shoot me now 
"after visiting with my family doc, an eye doctor, revisiting my family doc, and a ctc scan later i still have no answers    just more anxiousness    got some serious pain meds for the \just in case\"" senarios and a plan to meet a neuralogist next week    fun stuff let me tell you"""
eyes still are crappy but there is a glimmer of hope for an aswer    the neuralogist thinks it may be a virus infection but i need to wait another week before more tests to verify that it is an infection    fun stuff
eyes still crappy and the virus infection theory is a negatory    any ideas cuz the doctors sure don't?! plus if there aren't any answers soon then there goes my fall semester at la cross    #**&^&%&^%!!!!!
rest in peace <propfemale> gryga    your kindness and refusal to give up on people including yourself will remain in the memories of all who care about you 
yay! i finally got my appointment with the eye institute for october 4th at 7am!!! who knew that place opened at 7?!! i'm happy that its coming up cuz i'm getting close to going all oedipean on them!  playful 
big appointment tomorrow    gotta love unnecessary nerves! woo
"so the verdict was that i've been extremely far sighted for years and i forced my eyes to see better, so i do have 2020 vision but i am not supposed to  because of this my eyes are never relaxed and years of straining my eyes in this manner have manifested into what i am now feeling and should be resolved when i wear glasses  i'm not sure this is a \cure\"" for everything but i am hoping it will help *crossing fingers*"""
"voldemort i think that you are freakin awesome! voldemort i think i could be freakin awesome too! won't you do me a service, and share with me your knowledge  it won't take that much longer, i could get stronger every day! so much stronger!"
got the glasses    here's hoping it works (crosses fingers)
glasses seem to be helping    thank god!!!
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 140  should i <propmale> to see a death eater wearing a white mask, i should not start singing anything from \phantom ofthe opera \"""""
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 282  when being interrogated by a member of staff, i am not to wave my hand and announce 'these are not the droids youare looking for' "
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 328  regardless of how much professor snape's hair might annoy me, it is inappropriate to sneak into his room at night\and shave it off "
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 373  when called upon in class, i shall not insist that the correct answer to everything is '42' "
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 436  -transfiguring draco malfoy's uniform into a gold thong is inappropriate \437  -especially if he's wearing it "
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 572  the fact that <propmale> didn't like his pig tail does not mean i should keep switching to different tails to find one he likes better "
"things i am not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 152  when applying for a post at the ministry of magic after graduation, i should not cite \fred and <propfirst> weasley\"" asmy greatest influence at hogwarts """
"things i'm not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 717:i did not see <propfemale> in the slytherin common room singing 'i kissed a girl' and i should stop telling people that idid "
"things im not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 197  trying to out-argue a slytherin will lead to no good "
"things i'm not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 658:i will not yell voldy is my mentor anywhere in hogwarts "
"things i'm not allowed to do at hogwarts annoyed 780- i am not allowed to buy voldemort a poodle and paint it's fur pink \781- i am not allowed to kill said poodle in his sleep and <propfemale> its bloody carcass from the ceiling of voldemort'sbedroom \\if you asked for a ticket and haven't paid me back yet please remember to bring $12 to the party or to the theater    thanks  laugh "
the movie was flipping epic!!!!!!! <propmale> potter forever!!!!!!!!
i have hp fever!!!! less than 24 hours after i watched deathly hallows pt 1 i have a huge urge to watch it again!!!!! why does this surprise me every time i go to see a hp premiere?!!!
"\dobby didn't mean to kill    dobby just wanted to maim or seriously injure!\""\",8584824554f11bc960821a5c1350a5bd,\what happened to you ugly?!    no," not you!\""\"8584824554f11bc960821a5c1350a5bd,"wish i could help de-stressify some of my closest buddies lives right now    this is the time of friendship, generosity, and good times    stress has no business showing its face at this time"
i need to access my inner bitchdom for the show i'm in    hahaha any advice cuz i'm not accostomed to using that side of the personality much  playful 
dislikes when normal stress-relievers become stress-creators    damn and blast this thing!
i am such a procrastisanta! lol
"yay!!! opening night tonight! whoot!!!! \bedroom farce\"" is going to kick some new year's <propfemale>'s butt!!!"""
had a rough night that got rougher    had a rough performance which afterwards a few friends and i went to a night club to celebrate someone's b-day which when we got back we discovered that my <propfirst> was busted into and my purse was stolen    yippee skippy    that was a chilly ride home
keeping papa in my thoughts and prayers    there's another set back at the hospital
just got moved into la crosse! woo  smile 
"go pack go!!!! we are superbowl bound!!! hellz fudging yeah\!!!!!"
i have always prided myself on my <propfemale> but im discovering that it is completely lacking when it comes to waiting to see if you are in a show or not  grrness
got the role of miss metcalf in uwls production of splendor in the grass! yeah baby yeah!  laugh 
go packers!!!!! kick some steeler butt!!!!!!
cheeseheads are bringing the trophy home!!!!! hellz fudging yeah!!!!
i am so not in a mood to do anything but sleep today lol!
"support your professors, teachers, and state workers  tell <propmale> his new <propmale> is wrong!"
hopper is in a better place now    no more pain for a great dog  rip my dear friend
wants this bloody cold flu bug out of my system!!
sooo stinking tired!
spring break is so close    darn exams that ruin the anticipation  playful 
wooooo spring break!!!! hellz fudging yeah!!!!!!
praying for all the citizens of japan
was so fricken close to an accident i could almost taste it  bastard tried to cross traffic on the highway! the fricken highway!! jesus!! a fart blow away from being killed or someone else getting killed cuz some bastard started st  patties day celebrating a little early    holy mother of <propfemale>
"it is so fitting that our spring break ends in rain clouds    sigh    i shall miss the free time    ok, back to reality lol"
"\the time will come when men such as i will look upon the murder of animals as they now look on the murder of men \"" \",8584824554f11bc960821a5c1350a5bd,"getting excited about \splendor in the grass\"" performances coming up!!!! woo!! bring it!!!  laugh """
opening night baby whoop!!!!!!
cant stop listening to <propfemale> black  smile  she is awesome!
"had a wonderful time with mom, dad, and <propfemale>! we checked out the river front and the beautiful bluffs! now on to the chaotic group of misfits clammoring to la crosse  lord help me!  playful "
last show    wow that went by quick! lol
"snape: but where did the poster of headmaster's zefron go?!\\umbridge: oh i don't care for zac efron, <propfirst> lautner's my man \\snape: what do you want, you horrid bitch!?\avps"
struggling with the biggest bout of procrastination i have ever felt    i have so much i need to still do and random thoughts cravings ideas pop into my head    for example in the middle of an assignment that is due tomorrow i randomly thought about childhood cartoons i loved and am watching disney's aladdin cartoons on youtube instead! wtf!!!
what did i learn from starship? never judge a book by it's cover? that love is all we need? no  it's always <propfemale> a spare mustache 
do or do not    there is no try  - yoda
yay!!! big mother fudging paper is done!!! now i just have one more (less evil) paper to start and finish and a monologue and i am done!!! whoop whoop!! whoop whoop!
