26f74f7df51c0dc294c3029d653d8e92
i've been in ohio with <propfirst> since about 11 am tuesday  this is awesome   laugh 
"i'm new to facebook, so this should be interesting     welcome to the internets!"
found out about the rock n <propfemale> festival at the okc zoo amphitheater     i must find a way to get into this as a photographer!!
"might just be able to get into the okc rock n <propfemale> festival as a photographer, and you'll never guess how!!!"
is <propfemale> stoked for rock n <propfemale> in july     i'm practically in!!!  whoooo!!!!
is just generally amazed at life 
"before i call them in the morning, does anyone know if vampires suck will be playing in chickasha tomorrow?"
well    i'm officially moved in at uco   orientation is tomorrow   fun!
is anyone driving to wake up in wantland tonight and can i get a ride?
"well    wake up in wantland was pretty fun   it appears that a posse has been made, so that's pretty awesome   we'll see   now to grab a snack and head to bed   woo!"
"how was my first day of classes?  let's see    out of the 5 i had today, bench aerobics looks like it will be the most difficult (competing with english comp  i, basic photography, college algebra, and success central)   fail   -_-"
"def leppard's songs from the <propfemale> lounge ftw   if you love old school (or any phase) def leppard, this is such an awesome album   get it   now "
"to all you extroverts:  just because we're sitting quietly by ourselves, it doesn't mean that we're lonely with no friends   we just simply have no need to be social at that time   if we don't acknowledge you and go talk to you ourselves, don't try to do us a favor by inviting us to sit with your group   that's just awkward "
"well    i tried to make it all the way through a football game for once   i made to half-time   oh well, i know i'll hear how the game went later "
"for my first big english composition i assignment we have to take some media, turn it into some different media, then write a reflective essay over it    i'm thinking of using a w a s p  song (maybe album)    laugh "
"okay    i have my media-type project narrowed down to two possible songs that i think would make awesomely weird short stories:  \sometimes\"" by and one and \""buried alive\"" by creature feature   i'll post the videos for both via a new feed in a minute   like and or comment the song you think i should use """
"okay, voting is over!  i'm a little disappointed that nobody gave me any opinions as to which song they thought would make a better story, but i forgive you    playful   my final choice is    *drum roll*     \buried alive\"" by the fantastically crazy creature feature!  yay!!"""
i only have 3 classes tomorrow!  wooo!!  today keeps getting better    laugh 
"is it sad that i somewhat miss the higher math i was using in high school?  because i do miss it, the trig and whatnot    what i'm doing now is waaayyy too basic    playful "
"i just love uco's wifi    sometimes it wants to be super slow, sometimes it wants to log me off every 20 minutes, and sometimes it just doesn't want to connect at all    right now it's doing the \logging me off\"" bit   oh well    at least it's availiable and works properly most of the time """
"oh, this is fun    after making a good halloween playlist, i wanted to make a screwed-up <propfirst>'s day playlist   so i am   bahahaha"
"tonight has officially been declared as a \stay in my dorm\"" evening   starting    now!"""
the first draft for my english comp  i commentary is almost done!  hooray!
"okay, i need help   i have a couple of photography projects due the 29th that i need models for   if any of you lovely uco peoples can help me, please find me (probably in my room e316) or send me a message here   please!!"
"okay    i was just in thatcher hall   does it feel as bad in there to anyone else as it does to me?  i was only there for a few minutes, and the vibe was horrendous   i couldn't leave fast enough "
i participated in the okc aids walk earlier today and <propmale> out with gate afterwards: very fun   i bought a cute top on sale of my own will and by myself: also good   right now i'm writing a research report over the history of bench aerobics: ugh    why?
"oh, boy    i need to be really productive this morning and afternoon if i'm going to not feel guilty about going to the state fair this evening with gate   woo!"
uggghhhh      bank touble is so annoying    playful 
"hey, is anyone free to help me with a couple of photography projects at about 4 smile 0 pm today?  if you are, please message me your phone number so that we can text out the details   also, please message me either before 12 smile 0 or 4 pm   that's when i'll be in my room and able to check facebook   my room is west hall e-316 "
well i feel a little better     it appears that i have half-decent photos to turn in for one of my three photography projects that are due on wednesday   woo!!
"hey, is anyone still at uco for the weekend?  and can you help me with an action shots project for photography?  i need a model with some way to go past me relatively fast multiple times "
wooo!!!  i just shot the last of my photography projects that are due wednesday!!!  now to pick out which photos i want to use and have them printed    smile 
"well, i've confirmed that the scooter i bought yesterday is indeed faster than walking   even though i have terrible balance   now i'm off to the library to research for a project   yay!  -_-"
okay    i've had some protein and sugar    maybe i can concentrate long enough to get a good start on that success central presentation that's due in a couple of days 
tomorrow is going to be immensely busy    i'm already looking forward to roughly 4 pm when the bulk of it is over   wish me luck   i'm going to need it    playful 
all of my classes for today are over!  woo!  my day went much smoother than i thought it would!  wooo!!!
snickers dark:  because sometimes your relatively healthy diet just isn't cutting it that day    playful 
fresh laundry and warm house shoes   i win    joyful 
fun fact of the day:  last night <propfirst> and his musical prowess determined that i'm a tenor    playful 
"wooo!!  photo project #3 has officially been re-shot!  now all i need to do is re-do one photo from project #1, print those three photos, and i'm done!   laugh "
heh   near-ultimate nerdiness achieved   i just downloaded a binary clock gadget for my laptop   and i can read it 
"there's sooo much noise outside today   what's going on?  there's a ton of marching bands from other places and they're all practicing right outside west hall   and it's loud, so my laptop has to be louder    playful "
"aarrrggghhhh     stupid drummers with their big drums and junk   it's dark out!  why do you need to keep practicing?  i know homecoming is this week, but come on!  i can feel my windows vibrate!"
i loooovvvee lizzy borden        
"dear math:  \don't pay attention to what the others say   i still love you \~ <propfemale> b "
"yup, still on a lizzy borden kick   those guys are brilliant!  and quite awesome as well    laugh "
"ech    this psychology paper is due tomorrow afternoon, and i'm nearly a <propfemale> short    at least i think i have enough other relevant information to stretch it out an acceptable amount "
"okay, that's it    i'm going to start taking iron supplements    i'm tired of not being able to give blood due to a low (well, overly average) iron count "
thanks to natascha <propfirst> koutrik for sending me 500 petville cash  i really like it! http annoyed  bit ly bm068i
"holy cow    how can one week be so long yet simultaneously extremely short?  i don't know, but i'm glad it's over   this week was crazy    surprise   tgif"
ughh     that was the most unsatisfying lunch ever   i'm never getting an omlette if that guy is at the wok again 
iamx!!!!  'nuff said    laugh 
"have a fantastic fall break, everyone!  i'm about to pack up and head home for mine    smile "
wow   i'm tired   but i made it back to uco without incident   yay me!   smile 
i intend to go to club lt at the commons clubhouse tonight at 9pm (if i'm not too busy)  anyone care to join me? we can walk together   smile 
"oh, boy     my service learning project time is tomorrow morning   yay!  in order to make sure i get to my destination on time, i'm going to have to leave at about 7 am   i need to be there at 8, and it's a 20 minute trip   yes, that's really how little faith i have in my ability to follow driving directions "
"i drove to my proper location in okc and back this morning without getting lost once, and each trip only took about 30 minutes!  woo!!"
psychology test tomorrow afternoon: boo   kids trick-or-treating in west hall and a halloween party at murdaugh tomorrow night:  wooo!!!  i'd say tomorrow will be overall very positive    laugh 
"well, psychology is over now    i can't wait for the rest of this afternoon and evening!"
"to everyone in west hall:  safe trick-or-treat <propfemale> pickup starts in the lobby now!!!  the kids will be coming at 6 pm   if you're going to be here, why not see the adorable costumes?"
dramatic gypsy look:  achieved!   laugh 
"well the murdaugh party was pretty fun tonight   not much actually went on, but it was enjoyable    smile "
"one of my two classes today got cancelled   ha!  i love halloween   or rather, the friday before it    laugh "
i just got back to my room after being at the gate halloween ball with <propmale> pearson   it was so much fun!!!
"happy halloween, everyone!!!  i know it's on a sunday this year, but find some way to make today awesome "
two months!  i can't wait   this will be awesome    laugh 
"copy and paste this status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this and that's because they themselves need a punch in the face    "
i'm currently in my dorm taking photos of various setups starring my small stuffed owl in the dark with a flashlight as my light source    i'm just waiting for my roommate to come back    laugh 
okay    my most immediate photography project is done    now to work on success central and algebra   so close!
i llloooovvvvveeee iamx   (note the link   go check them out )
i'm watching dracula: dead and loving it with <propfirst> via webcam after a long week   awesome    smile 
"sorry, guys, but i'm going over to the darkside   starbucks has good iced tea "
pomplamoose    smile 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire  93% of people wont copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons or don't believein dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this"
transition to the dark side:  complete!  i have my own starbucks cup now   i no longer need to worry about recycling their default cups at the end of the day after it's too late to get tea refills 
"if i had to give an award to my best friend of the day, i would either give it to my scarf or umbrella   i'm not sure which, though "
"today is so cold, dark, and rainy    i wouldn't want to be out in it for long, but it makes for great stay-in weather  conclusion: today's \band of the day\"" is train   their warm songs balance out the nasty outside conditions   smile """
yay for getting 12 5 hours of sleep in one night for the first time in i can't even remember how long!
aaarrrrgggghhhhhrrrrraaarrrrrr         that is all 
and now i get to re-work my schedule   awesome   -_-
"well    at least now i'm set up for 15 hours next semester   hopefully someone will drop basic darkroom before january, though   i need that class    playful "
"i just got back from lunch with <propmale> pearson, and we we called a cute couple by the people raising money for st  <propfirst>'s   twice "
so i love how every outing with <propmale> pearson turns into an awesome 5-hour adventure    smile 
wooo!!!  yes!  i am officially enrolled in basic darkroom procedures for next semester   thank you to whoever dropped that course and allowed me to get a spot 
"random funny thing:  yesterday when <propmale> and i were at a store in the mall, we saw a \life-size\"" cardboard cutout of <propfirst> bieber   it was bigger than s he really is """
"i feel dirty     forgive me, friends, for i have    i bought a bluetooth headset   i'm sorry, but it was necessary!  don't judge me!"
ech    <propmale> labs are the worst if you're used to working on a windows pc   so disorientating    playful 
i can't wait for tuesday afternoon   i'm ready for another break    playful 
okay    now i get to start packing to go home   yay!  hopefully i won't get lost again    playful 
"i just can't get a break    true, i didn't get lost going home today, but that's because i didn't get the <propmale>   i managed to screw up my front end alignment bad enough to prevent me from safely making the drive before i even left town!"
back at uco once again   very fun 
"imagine a platform   now imagine that platform is about 9 inches tall   now imagine that you must step on said platform in various ways over and over and over again with few breaks, part of the time with hand weights   that was bench aerobics today   not  fun   -_-"
does anyone know of an event of some sort that wouldn't be too much of a pain to get to this week weekend where i could shoot my photo story project?
i have my car back!!  yay!!!   laugh 
"okay, i'm curious     where exactly is downtown <propmale>?  i was going to go to there to shoot my photo story tomorrow evening "
"okay   i now know where downtown <propmale> is   here's question number two:  would anyone care to go to the parade with me?  it should be fun enough, and i don't really want to go by myself    playful   by the way, since the streets start to close at 5 pm, that's about the time i'd want to be there for the sake of my story "
"so, the christmas parade will be tonight in downtown <propmale> at 6:45 pm   i would like to be there around 5-5 smile 0 to get photos of the event being set up   would anyone like to join me?  i'll drive "
"and i'm off to the parade downtown!  if anyone would like to join me later, that's where i'll be   somewhere in the downtown (northern half of broadway) area "
"parade photo story update:  okay, that was 85% fail   it would be 100% fail, but i met and talked to a portrait photographer whose studio is on broadway, and i may get to have some sort of job or internship there later    playful "
"hmmm    no new photo story or idea for one yet, but at least i have foam core board now     would anyone be willing to let me follow you around for a day tomorrow?   playful "
i hope zimmerman has a good sense of humor    
    i just realized that it's rather unlikely that i'll be able to top the latest of my increasingly awesome rock <propfemale> stories for a while    oh well   i can wait    laugh 
"for the sake of saying it again, i hope zimmerman has a good sense of humor    playful   at least my project won't be sloppy   he has to give me that much credit "
"final photo project status:  done!  hey, if the project itself isn't exactly what he was wanting, at least i should get credit for my presentation of it "
"oh, another thing   i have all the skill, accuracy, and determination of an ocd person   watch out!   wink "
"college has to be bad for my iron count   that's my only e playful lanation for this   today i tried to give blood for the 3rd time this semester, only to be rejected for a low iron-count   this time i've been taking iron pills since monday!  what the heck??!!  -_-"
the end of this semester is really taking its time about getting here    
there's nothing like sitting out in the hallway with your laptop   oh well   i'm about to go to bed anyway    playful 
my semester is done!  now to prepare to go home    laugh 
i'm finally 1-for-3   i made it home without problems for once    playful 
snowmeiser ftw 
could tuesday come any slower?  gah!  -_-   playful 
"today i prepare for my flight to ohio    this will be a very long day, with an even longer night   so worth it, though!   laugh "
"hey, i'm still in ohio with <propfirst>!  and my 19th birthday is tomorrow!  and i don't go back to oklahoma until wednesday!  yay    laugh "
well    i've been back in oklahoma since about 9 tonight   yeah   i think i'm about to go to bed and sleep for some amount of time that's longer than 9 hours 
"oh, i forgot to do this yesterday:  thank you all for the happy birthday wishes i got here on tuesday   i had a wonderful birthday, thanks    smile "
ludo    smile 
"according to the weather channel and a few other sources, it's 10 degrees here in <propmale> right now   -_-  this sucks "
"well, it's mid-january   this is a good time to start getting back into the halloween spirit, isn't it?"
"well, my classes are done for the week   now i get to pack up so that i can go home for the weekend   with luck, i may even make it home without incident a second time!"
"watch my status for random definitions from <propmale> adams' 'the meaning of liff,' which is a dictionary for things there aren't words for, but there ought to be "
amersham (am-a-sham) - the sneeze which tickles but never comes 
imber (im-ber) - verb   to <propfemale> from side to side while watching a car <propmale> in the cinema 
"dipple (dip-pul) - verb   to try to remove a sticky something from one hand with the other, thus causing it to get stuck to the other hand and eventually to anything else you try to remove it with "
"fremantle (free-man-tul) - verb   to steal things not worth stealing   one steals cars, money, and silver   book matches, airline eye patches and individual pots of apricot jam are merely fremantled "
"well, i get to go back to uco here in a little while   i just need to put all my junk back in my car first "
and i'm officially back at uco!
"maaruig (maa-aa-aa-aa-aaaaaaaaaargh-arrrgh-ruoououou-ighkh wink  - noun   the ine playful ressible horror e playful erienced on waking up in the morning and remembering that you are still <propmale> in <propfemale> trek \*loudly, as if in pain "
holy cow    did anyone else see this on the bulletin boards?  there's a meeting at 1 pm this friday the 21st at the starbucks in the nuc to try to start a quidditch team here at uco!
"polyphant (pol-i-fant) - noun   the mythical beast--part bird, part snake, part jam stain--which invariably wins childrens' painting competitions in the five-to-seven age group "
i love ludo     smile 
goosecruives (goos-crives) - plural noun   (archaic)  a pair of wooden trousers worn by poultry keepers in the middle ages 
aboyne (a-boyn) - verb   to beat an e playful ert at a game of skill by playing so appallingly that none of his clever tactics or strategies are of any use to him 
"jurby (jur-bi) - noun   a loose woolen garment reaching to the knees and with three or more armholes, knitted by the wearer's well-meaning but incompetent aunt "
hassop (has-sup) - noun   the pocket down the back of an armchair used for storing pennies and bits of lego 
greely (gree-lee) - noun   someone who continually annoys you by continually apologizing for annoying you 
"golant (gol-unt) - adjective   blank, sly and faintly embarrassed   pertaining to the e playful ression seen on the face of someone who has clearly forgotten your name "
"it doesn't matter what's wrong with your computer   if you walk all the way across campus to it to fix something, there will be nothing to fix once they look at what was wrong   -_-"
getting into the wifi here is such a pain   i hate it  why can't the regular dorms have regular wired internet???
and i have wifi again!!!!  yay!!!!!!  i thought i was going to have to give up for the night 
grimbister (grim-bis-ter) - noun   large body of cars on a highway all traveling at exactly the speed limit because one of them is a police car 
gotta love those random fire safety drills   -_-    playful 
stibbard (stib-ard) - noun   the invisible brake pedal on the passenger's side of the car 
"i will lift you off the ground \and release you"
"well, i went out and did my social thing for the week, possibly month    playful "
okay    i just shot my first roll of film for my darkroom class    i really hope i shot everything correctly and that i don't screw up my film when i develop it later 
holy cow    the weather has been so incredibly nice this past two days    why does the threat of snow for monday have to ruin it??!!!
"whoo!!  i feel accomplished   i just developed my first roll of film, and it turned out better than i feared it might    laugh "
i got woken up this morning by a very painful cramp in my calf     ouch    annoyed 
"aahhh    this is the weather for jeans, short sleeves, and flip-flops   enjoy it while you can, because it's supposed to come to an abrupt halt by monday "
why does it have to be so difficult to find enough information on phenylisothiocyanate to write a 1 or 2 <propfemale> paper?  honestly!   playful 
heck yes!  i just finished making my first print in the darkroom   it was awesome    laugh 
so    where is all this horrible blizzardry we're supposed to be getting?
"okay, i can't tell    is it still snowing, or is the wind just blowing a lot of the already-fallen snow around?"
"uuggghhhh    this is getting old   after a while, not even random comedy central and cartoon network programming loses its charm "
"oh, how i love that this is the 2nd night in a row where the wifi isn't fast enough to support half-decent videochatting   i really do "
"ahh, the <propfemale> days of nickelodeon   i'm watching good burger on abc family    laugh "
"oh, joy!  this looks like it will be a day when i have to re-sign in to access the internet every half hour   woo!"
football   boo 
and wifi hates me tonight too   awesome   no webcam for me   nope   -_-
arrrgrrarrr       why does school have to be canceled tomorrow?  sitting in the dorm is no fun at all   i'd rather go to class   -_-
well that was fun   i spent an entire evening geeking-out with <propfirst> jinkies pearson and <propmale> potter stuff    laugh 
"internet   seriously   what do you have against me?  i haven't been able to cam with my boyfriend since before the first round of snow, with maybe one or two days in between   this is getting very aggravating "
i hate this weather so much    it's been killing my hands for weeks 
why does it smell like dry dog food outside?  holy crap 
"aaaaahhhhh!!!  this isn't fair    maybe    the new rocklahoma lineup has just been released   as much as i dislike rok for the turn they took, they have one band this year that i'd kill to see   whitesnake "
"my mom is awesome   i just received a <propfirst> stover chocolate box filled with a few chocolate hearts, a hershey's special dark bar, and a dvd of <propmale> <propmale>'s \9 \"""""
"wow   today was definitely interesting   i spent from about 2:40 til 11:40 with <propfirst> jinkies pearson and <propfirst> tomlinson   comics and books and ice cream   oh, my!"
"okay    it's time to start finding strings and pull them   if i go to rocklahoma this year, i want it to be the right way:  with one of the bands playing there "
   why is my internet deciding that it wants to be slow again?  -_-
is june here yet?  no?  dang 
i feel like a stalker   playful 
"and i'm off to the darkroom once more!  i have some film to develop   my first roll came out fine, so hopefully i'll have the same luck for this project too    playful "
"yay!  i got super lucky when developing my film    i forgot to do the different ones separately, so i had to just develop for one of them   they both turned out okay   whew!  also, ravenclaw for the win!!!  i can't wait for the quidditch stuff to start rolling    laugh "
"do you know what an amazing invention would be?  transition lens technology for your car windows   that would be awesome, because i have to roll down all of my windows if i'm driving on anything other than a relatively empty highway at night "
i'm watching a bunch of guys larp in hafer park with <propmale>  this is great   laugh 
"okay   well, i found out that i don't have strep throat, so i should be back to normal within a few days   awesome   now i think i'm going to go make a few hours magically disappear by working in the darkroom "
kamelot:  poetry for the poisoned   look it up   it is fantastic!
"well, you can't have a sore throat if you can barely feel it to begin with   doctors don't fool around  that stuff is strong    laugh "
oh my gosh    <propmale>'s today at lunch    it took so much effort to not laugh    laugh 
ow    my eyes hurt   -_-
"well, i feel accomplished   i spent 3 5 hours working on (and finishing) my darkroom assignment, then i immediately went and spent around an hour working out with <propmale>    smile "
i get to go to the friends of the library book sale with <propfirst> jinkies pearson in a little while   yay!   laugh 
it's time  this will be brutal  > laugh 
that was the most epic bookhunt i've ever been on   laugh 
i'm 43 (so close!) books richer now   awesome    laugh 
"i recently got back from the penn square mall with <propfirst> jinkies pearson, and we shared a weird e playful erience while there   we went into an apple store for the first time, and we immediately felt crazy, psychic-like effects on our bodies that went away when we left the store   we're on to you, apple "
i just shot 3 rolls of film in 2-2 5 hours   awesome    laugh 
"holy cow    developing film takes forever   i just spent nearly 3 hours developing and drying 3 rolls   on the bright side, it looks like every single photo turned out very well    smile "
"so, i'm happy   one (of two) of my projects is done, and the due date isn't until early april!  am i on the ball, or what?   playful "
"dear internet:  why do you hate me so much? what did i do to deserve you completely crapping out on me like that? it's not right  sincerely, <propfemale> "
"i'm serious, internet   what the heck did i do to you???"
i'm looking forward to spring break    i intend to spend a very large chunk of it reading the books i recently bought    laugh 
"so very, very close    i only have one class left until i get to finish packing and go home   if chemistry bores me half (more like 80%) to sleep again, i'm going to be mad, because i'm finally awake now and i have a 2 hour drive to look forward to    playful "
"and whoo!  time to start packing the rest of my stuff   i'm done for the day, and my break has started    laugh "
i think all of this fluorescent light i'm absorbing is unhealthy    
june   -_-
it doesn't matter if you took naps as a kid or not   you'll take them in college    playful 
"the masquerade has started, and i'm about to head over there    laugh "
"well, tonight was fun   i danced for multiple hours with <propfirst> pearson at the masquerade   however, now it's time for bed   goodnight, all "
i don't care that it's beyond cheesy  i love mama mia!   laugh 
"internet, \apparently i keep doing something to make you mad at me, thus causing you to prevent me from camming with <propfirst>   what the heck did i do?!?!?"
well    crap  i got some malware last night and had to drop my laptop off at a computer place to clean it up  i doubt i'll get it back before friday   annoyed \
"today may not have been my best by any means, but there is a merciful god    all of my film turned out okay    playful "
"jersey shore is on a tv at coyote <propfirst>'s    i still fail to see the appeal and or point  well, there is no point, but you get what i mean   playful "
yay for library computers with internet access!  i'll be here until i get done with an english assignment    playful 
"grr     just slightly over half a <propfemale> left, then my paper draft will be done   why is this taking so long??"
and done!  whoo!!  now to go back to my dorm    i think i'll continue reading wicked for a while 
i just skipped chem and stood in the cold for two hours to listen to a radical methodist and his wife rant  it was awesome  i have pics and video 
"i feel accomplished! after nearly 4 hours in the darkroom, the rest of my photos are on the racks drying  all that's left is flattening and touch-ups   laugh "
yay! i'm done with two photo projects that won't be due til monday!
"haha, aww   i think a group of high schoolers are on campus tonight for whatever reason  they're so cute    playful "
"fw: robdenbleyker: haha, the onion articles are all fake today! well played!"
my laptop is fixed!!! i can pick it up monday!  whooo!!
"awesome day with <propmale> and emily: <propfemale>'s, medieval fair, a bit of shopping, and dinner  my feet hurt   playful "
"oh, <propmale> tripped over stuff and (accidentally, of course) almost kicked a baby stroller, and i got hit on by a wizard  also, apparently i have legs   laugh "
"well, tomorrow should be a nice mix: no english comp  ii (good), chemistry test (meh), darkroom project presentations (good), and i get my laptop back   not too shabby "
"dear oklahoma weather,\what the hell?  i was comfortably wearing shorts yesterday!  what happened, are you prone to menopausal mood swings or something?  geeze   "
"okay, my laptop is back, but i still need to have it install java for me  then i'll be good to go   smile "
"and we're back online!!!  after a full week, i finally have my laptop with internet again    laugh "
"heheh, yes   e playful ect lots of photos to be uploaded very, very soon   within the next few hours for sure, but many in the immediate future "
"okay, my darkroom scans are up, as are my photos from that awesome rant by \brother jed\"" and his crazy wife   i'm uploading a particularly good video from the latter on youtube as i type   the url will be posted """
"okay, the 9-minute brother <propmale> and wife video may not be up for a while    it took too long to attempt to upload   i'm trying a shorter one instead    playful "
"i don't know how, but i win!  i got to give at today's blood drive    smile "
random thing of the day:  i took an abandoned (and obviously free) yardstick from a campus bathroom 
i just finished reading bloodsucking fiends by <propfirst> moore   it was excellent 
