3a0af8aad5108a52e2ee7ba9438016b6
"doing church service at new hope tomorrow with my brother <propfirst> and get lunch afterwards, wish the rain would go away so i could ride my bike "
surgery on june 2 -- not looking forward to that but i will get some time off to catch up on study (and video games)
"bad day yesterday shoulder really bothering me, and found out two old high school buddies died recently  they were brothers and both were younger than i am  my kid sister died of cancer <propfirst> 09, mom died of heart failure jul 09  think i am going to leather up and ride my bike all weekend  life is too short, make it happen "
i have surgery tomorrow to re attach a tendon in my shoulder please pray for my wife and the surgeons steady hand   thx
"surgery went well, i made it"
"dr appointment today he gave me another two weeks off then we talk about pt, gonna be a long summer "
"solo run to <propfemale> at the end of this week   got to get my bike serviced first (thursday) then take off friday or saturday   going to make a lazy run to <propmale> (maybe two days), visit moms grave and spend some time with my sister   after all this medical stuff i am looking forward to some solitary time   just me and my hog   will post pictures when i get back "
"just got back from my run to <propmale> about 20 minutes ago   first day out i thought i was going to die, but each day it got easier so i must have been doing something right   lake tahoe is beautiful this time of year(lots of people though) i will have pictures up soon   i gotta go take a shower "
"its been a long hard week really need jesus this morning   praise god he is everywhere including church   taking it day by day   my mother s been dead for almost a year now, still bothers me   i guess it will for a while   taking it day by day "
"vacation over had to go back to work today, still on light duty though   pt today and appointment with ortho surgeon tomorrow (follow up)   it was nice being on the road but it is also nice sleeping in my own bed   i feel better today "
<propmale> schwab just tried to charge $485 for a brake job  (front disc brakes only) on my wifes 2006 <propfemale> sedona    needless to say they did not get the job   muahahahahahaha    never forget the power of consumerism 
"i get knocked down, but i get up again, your never going to keep me down                 "
"two poker runs this weekend - i think i will do both   both are sponsered by <propmale> davidson dealerships, should be some good prizes "
"my mother, <propfemale> rowatt passed away a year ago today   rip <propfemale>   later"
"that which does not kill us, makes us stronger "
remember to serve the right and protect the innocent 
there is good in this world and it is worth fighting for 
"live every day like it was your last because one day, it will be "
"if you are done learning, you are done living "
"better to be silent and thought a fool, then to speak and remove all doubt "
"dear lord, please give me the strength to not slap an idiot today      amen"
married 18 years today 
"\time is the fire in which we all burn \"" - dr  soren"""
"i need a cup of coffee   doctor gave me another 30 days light duty   oh well the drivers are all working long hours right now, guess i will stop whining "
"\so you want me to be half monk and half  hitman \"" - <propfirst> bond"""
getting back in my rig on the 10th    smile )
can't believe how quiet a diesel engine is compared to the cacophony of the dispatch office!!!!!!     smile ))))
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! got a 16 pound butterball and my sister shellys dressing recipe!!!!!!!!!!!  this is gonna hurt    wink )
go ducks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oregon ducks  11-0
go ducks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ducks score again!!!!!!!!!
ducks 12-0   smile ))))
another nail in a beaver coffin!!!!!   37-13
ducks win 37 - 20    smile )
go ducks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     smile ))))
auburn has got defense
go pittsburgh!!!!!!!!
god likes pittsburg!!!!!
is glad the steelers woke up   smile )))
thinks it would be cool if the steelers played the packers at superbowl
"really into \old school\"" teams this year"""
go packers!!!!!!!!
with all the flags you would think it was a raiders game?!?!!
steelers vs packers hell yeah!!!!!!
go steelers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
c'mon pittsburgh you can do this!!!!!!!
crap  sad 
"spent most of the riding my bike, cold but i loved every minute of it    smile "
got soaking wet three times yesterday and a ticket for $287 on friday  not too sure i want to be a truck driver much longer!!!   annoyed 
