0de68c91704d41fe628b8ffee676964a
school tuesday    not looking forward to it
super bored
lame 4 hour dowload time for movie
g4 is best at night
"lightning struck in my backyard, nice"
just watched the happening     freaky cause it could actually hapen to us o o
"is finally in colorado, yay for lasting through 12 hours of driving"
i guess im jealous of me not being able to do facebook on my brothers psp  funny since i have a laptop which can do so much more then that hunk of junk
is going through a pile of cds for old music and is wondering why everyone plays mafia wars
"is finally doing something on his compr, first time in a week or so, went to texas roadhouse on friday, saw 4 people i know there, small small world"
"just met <propfirst> <propmale>  hesa country music satr  i felt bad that i didnt know any of his songs  still cool  dads cousin is touring with him  she also is good friends with members of theory of a deadman  man, i have an awesome family!"
boogi boogi hedgehog! to funny  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hk0l2tqfdvm
"first day of school is thursday the 20th    so long summer, i hardely knew yea "
fridayyyyy hurryyyy!
finished going through my disturbed cd rearraning song names considering they got messed up somehow
"yaaaaay, sick puppies' new cd  joyful "
"je vais aller à approach ce soir, alors je vais regarder la télévision"
listenin to three das grace's new   well its not new considerng its been out for a week
revisiting the cd lead sails paper anchor by atreyu  whyd i stop listening to it? haha
glad i have a new profile picture
yay! new term! ohh wait i only change one class > >
you silly english <propmale> with your kanigits! your mother was a hampster and your father smelt of elderberries! i fart in your general direction!
"is being a teen  on m comp, txting friends, listening to my favorite music, and waiting on something to finish dowloading    also wanna metion the fact i read a whole 300 <propfemale> book yesterday    never been more concentrated on finished a book like that before"
is getting mad at my computer for not doing the right thing at the right time
just got his drivers licence!!! whooo
wishing he had 9 99 in his itunes accoutnt so i can get the mew atreyu cd  sad 
went to best buy and got the new atreyu cd  laugh 
making dumplings for my sick sister    arnt i nice?
fearing the worst for my computer as it is having charging issues again
run down on events today: 1  crash into car 2  get lost going to church 3  talk about bringing a screamo band to church 4  get home and be bored for rest of day
bored outta my mind     txt me please!
*sigh* bored yet again  nothing boreing week of school ahead not looking forward to it
@ field trips next week for school whoo
once again listening to atreyu's new cd
dont have my phone  sad  this is gonna be a sad weekend
has 13 friend online whoo! haha
eating some of the best chips ive ever had
got a new phone yaayy
"job shadowing tommarrw, dont know what to e playful ect, lets hope for the best"
"talking to my friend on the phone a they shop, right now shopping sounds fun compared to what im doing"
"so, tuesday were supposed to get 6-12 inches of snow with whitout conditions    anyone else excited for the first snow day?  laugh "
a powerful winter storm will affect the region tuesday and wednesday  this system will produce 6 to 12 inches of snow with locally higher amounts possible across much of the area by wednesday night  thunder-snow may occur tuesday night along with very heavy snowfall rates of 1 to 2 inches an hour  whiteout conditions can be e playful ected at times   travel will become difficult    if not impossible 
snoooooowwwwww ddaaaaaayyyy
"i am drowning in a digital sea; i’m slipping beneath the sound  here my voice goes, to ones and zeros, i’m slipping beneath the sound "
headache + soar throat + broken heater = long night
playing some bloon tower defence
round 80= mind grenade
<propfemale> christmas  first one to say it on your friends list
"sadly, today, the amazing drummer for a7x died  r i p"
"watching the mlg <propmale> tourney for wow, people got skillz, wishing i had the 10$ for the hd stream"
"bored out of my mind, just waiting for the day to end so i can go to sleep"
"been about a week and a half but i finally got to talk to mah best friend, how lame is it that her phone got taken away cause she got a b, yes a b, on her report card,  found out she has 3rd block french, i know where ima headed after third block tommarrow =p"
word of the day: bromigo
saints win   suck it manning!
"great turn out for our fundraiser tonight  my job, making a dibetic friendly dessert called lemon cream cake   of love"
just got a perfect on a song thats been giving me trouble for the past few months on ttr 2  yay me
it's been a little over a year today that i met one of my best friends in an    unorthidox way to say the least  its funny how one joke can open you up to someone and their life  i wouldnt change a thing abot how we met and how we will live out our lives as friends  smile 
finally i can watch snl again  the olympics should not overrun my comedy on saturdays
eat it yoshi!
"to catch a predator is possibly the funniest show on tv, in a weird way  <propfirst> matthews could get anyone to sit in any chair"
"don't know how, but alls i know is that im on the recievg end of a 10k scholarship to new england culinary institute"
"happy mother's day to all you mms out there, and a quick happy birthday to all my friends who had their birthdays this weekend, couldnt keep up with all of them  laugh "
"just moved most of the things out of the basement, by this time next week ill have a second home in a second state"
"ended up lighting a firework and having it launch right into my cousins chest, thank god for zippity do das"
"had a cinderblock fall on my foot, not broken but swelled up to look like a baseball was inside it  swelling has gone down to make it look like my foot is just unproportional to my body  stupid fat foot"
"first broken bone, getting a cast on my foot on wednsday, not thrilled about scratching my foot with a spoon  annoyed "
i has boot
"woke up at 5, watched the remainder of adult swim (thank you 2 cartoon network channels) made breakfast, and now i'm watching ramsay's kitchen nightmares and listening to pendulum's new single, watercolour, all while waiting to go to an x-ray for my broken foot  busy? ha, no"
woke up from the storm and now i can't get back to sleep  screw you mother nature
"now, i know what your thinking, but <propfirst>!! es no possibles!"
but <propfirst>!!! es no possible!!
the russian police are stern    stern but fair
i has contacts!
love how old cartoons dont care what were in them  just witnessed <propfirst> get wasted in <propmale> & <propfirst>  ahh the good old days
"go suck a railroad spike, i haven't got any money"
7-4    cursed grammar 
i just lost the game
she let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater
"\look you stupid bastard you've got no arms \"" \""    tis but a flesh wound \"""""
wapa-chang!!
wake up check  shower check  go start my car? time to check for 2 new windows > >
jst spent 30 minutes vaccuming broken glass out of my car    gg rock    gg
just realized i have very long fingers
"\bass kicking out the trunk like i kidnapped <propmale> lee\"""""
word of the day    gutterslut!
and green bay wins
40 pacers     beats last times score of 32 woooooo
mmmmmmm oranges
