d2ee2871aa02698e66fdc72b2218cdd8
2011 resolutions: #1 finally finalize my divorce and #2 stop dating crazy assholes  i think that about covers it   yah 
i'm having a laminate laying party today  anyone in???
"seriously, if a guy that you're dating ever says or does anything to you that is really f*ed up, then leave immediately  do not just keep hoping things will change for the better   they really won't "
"brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, cold day! where are those 40+ degree temps we're supposed to be getting?!?!?!"
wowsa    greeeeeeeat job news down the grapevine today! uber-productive week!
still waiting    so glad monday's a holiday!
"yay, finally got my computer set up at my house so i can actually use the internet i'm already paying for!"
"ugggggghhhhh! my wow account is totally screwed up and now they've \permanently disabled\"" it  so not cool!"""
why did they discontinue naptime after kindergarten?!?! i need a nap!
"i feel like i'm drowning in paper work, uggh!  confidential "
awesome! first <propfemale> day in ages   but now it's coldddddddddder again!  smile   sad 
"it's a beautiful day in a neighborhood, a beautiful day in a neighborhood, somewhere else in the world   "
"woot woot! good week   super productive and busy, just the way i like it!!!"
i had some really strange dreams last night   
i hope it snows enough to go sledding   who wants to go sledding with me!?!
it's not that i can't live without you; it's that i don't even want to try 
"crap, i think my eyes hate me  far away stuff is super blurry now!!!!"
"rain, rain, go away, don't come back 'til i'm away!"
"i posted some of my pics from my recent trip to la   check them out, but they're unlabeled and out of order "
"well, i guess the lazy streak must end   tonight i am tiling my shower once again   i will accept help from anyone who offers!"
"brrrrrrrr! i hate cold weather, and i like cold offices even less   crank up the heat to 78, that's what it's here for!"
"unless you're willing to make the change yourself, don't complain about how it's already being done "
"fun night last night! today isn't lookin' so hot, though   got into work 30 <propfemale> early and someone had already dumped two kittens in my ac truck   not cool, asshole, not cool!"
morning seems to be coming way too early these days     sad 
"so my new little dog thought the pile of fiberglass in my living room was the best place in the whole house to sleep   let me tell you, it was not a good idea!"
spring cleaning! yayyyyyyyyy for nicer weather!!!!
hangover  surprise 
"sooooo tired, i wish it wasn't monday morning already!  sad "
"i love the spring, but i'm really ready for the blazing hot summer!"
so i think i've finally figured out that i'm allergic to animals   i walked into petsmart today and started breaking out in hives and every night when i get home i break out in hives and i have 2 dogs and 1 cat at home   so the evidence suggests   animal allergy   sad 
a 4 advil breakfast + 15 <propfemale>  phone conversation where citizen wouldn't stop yelling at me = lining up to be a great day!
what a beautiful day!
"uh, i hope i'm not allergic to poison <propfemale>   just mowed my weed patch surrounding my house and then trimmed one of my ugly yew shrubs   both places had poison <propfemale> coming up   eek!"
the palms of my hands are actually bruised from trying to push my stupid mower in my wreck of a yard   the automatic drive thingy wasn't working until my neighbor borrowed my mower after i was done   ouch!
at the dog park enjoying the absolutely beautiful day and letting my mutt-mutts get some exercise!
"ok, fb needs to fix the posts that keep cutting words off in the middle and continuing them on the next line  i think it happens when you text in your status, but really, fb, it's annoying!"
"can we just fast-forward to friday, please?"
i'm really bored and want to leave work and go home  how do i have a full day of overtime already and it's only the 2nd day of the week?!
called in sick today  i slept from 8pm last night to 11 smile 0am this morning   
is it bad that i really want to cut all my hair off again circa 2005ish?
"i got the score of the century today    levelor wood blinds for all my windows in my house and 60 sheets of 1 2\ drywall   and it was all free! yayyyyyy for me!"""
i'm buying a junk beater of a car today to drive for a few months so i can dump lots of money into my house insead of into a worthless vehicle  i think i may be nearing crazier everyday    eek!
chop chop chop! no more hair!
so haircut tomorrow instead i guess  is it a little creepy that some guy at the gas station who helped me put coolant in the engine of my car just asked me for my number? like can't guys help a girl for more than just to hit on them?
yay for short hair! pic will be coming soon!
i love the department of revenue since they can erroneously steal your tax return  i have mo to thank for this brilliant move since the bastards say i have to prove to them that i didn't live or work in mo in 2007  wtf??? so now you have to prove that you didn't live or work in a state in order to not owe them money? realllllllllly frustrating 
yayyyyyyyyy! i got an email from alaska today asking for a completed job application and background check authorization   one step closer to my dream! yesssssssss!
"does anyone wanna shoot some pool w me tonight (or sometime this week)? i want a break, and i think that'd be fun! let me know asap!"
"crap, my dog just ate my phone charger "
"yum, cream and sugar with a drop of coffee!"
"suppppppppper tired, blah "
somebody please shoot me now!
crud   locked my stupid keys in my truck at lunch  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
guess i shall tile now   blah 
"happy mother's day, mom, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and all the rest of the moms in my family! you've all made and raised some beautiful and healthy children that the world is better for!"
i think i should try to actually finish the application this time so i can join the peace corps !
yes!!! i'm finally back to pre-retarded marriage size and my favorite jeans fit again  yayyyyy!!!
"i am sooooooo psyched! i got a call from alaska tonight   i have a phone interview on wednesday night!!!! yayyyyy, i'm super excited!!!!"
"my use of exclamation points is out of control, but i just can't stop using them!!!"
"well, i was 1 out of 5 they interviewed for the position   they kept saying things like   \you seem like a really good fit\"" and \""great answer\"" which are usually good signs   i'll know by early next week at the latest! yay!!!"""
i don't wanna work anymore today   i'm not a fan  i wanna go to alaska!
does anyone wanna buy a 2010 worlds oceans of fun season pass with parking pass included?
no word from alaska yet   guess the silence speaks volumes   sad 
"well, starting the raw food lifestyle again   strawberry breakfast, yum!"
"yum, blackberry breakfast!"
"yay, a very successful raw day! only cheated with one thing, which is my downfall--iced tea! but at least it was only one cup instead of like 3!"
"thanks to everyone for all the really nice birthday wishes, etc ! i had a great birthday, and amazingly stuck to my raw lifestyle almost entirely! yay for 28!"
"omg, i'm going to die of exhaustion from trying to mow down my weedy jungle around my house   "
"man, when i'm good and stick to the raw food 100% in a day, i feel sooooooo happy and unstressed and energetic  it's amazing! i had yummy raw crunchy tacos today   delicious!"
"wow, i have the worst hangover ever   raw diet plus a couple long islands = very bad idea!"
"dang, i made a small slice in my pinky when i was washing my food processor tonight  it burns!"
"woot, woot! today i've been raw vegan for 3 weeks! i've dropped 12 4 pounds, my cravings for bad food have nearly disappeared, and i'm feeling better everyday! yay!"
"3 5 weeks raw   been tough but getting easier every day! looking and feeling great and almost no need for insulin now, yay!"
headed to iberia for father's day!
"wowsa, suntanned for about 40 minutes, and i'm about to pass out from heat exhaustion   no good!    then again, how else is my pale body supposed to get it's proper amount of vitamin d???"
"i'm so tired today, blah!"
omg!!! i just made raw lasagna and raw chocolate mousse with raw whipped vanilla creme and raspberries   it was off the hook delicious!!!!!! i'll post pics in a bit!
"yay!!! i got an asko stackable washer and dryer for $100 today, and a perfectly sized fridge for $125! today was very productive for the house!"
"i've been on a raw food preparing binge   onion bread, corn tortillas, spaghetti with meatballs, popsicles, strawberry shortcake, stuffed mushrooms, smoothies   dang!"
i just realized that my hair has grown quite a bit in the past 4-5 weeks since my last profile pic was taken   interesting! i need to get a new profile pic up soon  i've lost about 10 lbs  since that one   
"omg, i just washed and dried my first load of laundry in my new (used) asko washer and dryer   they smell sooooooooooo good!!! also, made some pretty decent raw \hamburger\"" helper tonight with leftovers   yum!"""
"yay! my raw quinoa sprouted, i made awesome raw flax pancakes with raw blueberry syrup for breakfast that were yummy, and i am dehydrated raw sunburgers and raw onion bread for dinner tonight! productive day so far!!! if anyone wants to share any of my delicious raw meals, let me know!"
"interesting   made raw vegan clurkey with mashed not-taters and gravy  very interesting combination of ingredients such as pine nuts, cauliflower, carrots, cashews, walnuts, and spices   the strange thing is it actually tasted like turkey, mashed potatoes, and gravy!"
i hope my raw eggplant bac-un is done soon! yum!!!
off to bliss fest   this should be fun!
"wowwww! this e-b l t a e-w  is awesome! (btw, it's an eggplant-bacun, <propfemale>, lettuce, tomato, avocado, <propmale> tortilla wrap   raw is so great!!!"
"my new car is super awesome! it's a 1987 subaru xt gl, 2wd, standard, 1 8l  i got it for a great price and it only has 84k original <propmale> on it! woot! thanks dad for fixing it up for me this weekend!"
is in a hyperactive mood today!
"eww, that was disgusting   my rib felt tight, so i pushed it back into place and actually felt it move   ewwwwwww "
2nd fun day at the zoo in 2 days!
i'm so tired today   i should probably go to bed!
what a gorgeous day in kc!! unfortunately i have to clean my house   but at least i got my exhaust completely fixed today in my new (old) car!!
"um, okay then   uggh "
"ok, so i was super proud of myself for totally cleaning my house and organizing everything on saturday, but then i realized as i was laying in bed last night that i apparently threw away two pairs of brand new pants i just bought  now i'm gonna have to dig through the garbage to find them   uggggh!"
"has a nice house (indoor only) cat that needs a new home  she's a brown tabby that is already spayed and declawed  she does okay with other animals after she has time to get used to them  i saved her from being euthanized a few months ago, but i'm finding it challenging to care for 3 cats  so please let me know if you'd like to have her as your pet!"
"is wondering why my brain now thinks that i have to be awake every weekend morning by 8am??? really, brain, i appreciate any extra sleep you would allow me to partake of!"
"is loving this beautiful, cloudless blue sky this morning!"
's nose won't stop running    ugggggh!! stupid allergies (at least i hope that's all it is) 
"wow, so i signed up for a full-coverage policy with geico today for my new (very old used) car   for a $50 deductible on the policy, it's going to only cost me $75 mo  woot!!! the other company i was with was charging me $80 mo  for just basic liability!"
i want to eat everything in site lately    bleh!
woooooot! i got an epic phone today and it's awesome!!!! :-$
another fun day in the neighborhood   wake me up when it's warm again!
omg! what is going on in kc today? end of dec and i'm in a t-shirt and comfortable outside!
"omg, someone please stop me   i'm on a painting bender   i can't seem to stop because i'm too excited to see it done!"
"well, i'm finally calling it a night  the good news is that i've successfully primed all the walls & ceiling with 2 coats of primer and 5 gals was enough "
"omg, 4x4 is friggen awesome!!"
"bleh, does ayone feel like helping me paint today?"
2 hrs of sleep last night  this isn't gonna be a fun day   
woot   i'll be starting as a cocktail server at ameristar soon for some extra house reno $$!
yay! my pellet furnace is finally running correctly!
anyone need a combo ac heat window unit? i'm selling my frigidaire 18500 16000 btu unit for $300 obo  bought it dec 2009 fr $600  works great and energystar 
day 2 back on the raw vegan wagon  1 2lbs lost 
day 3 raw vegan: -2 4lbs 
"day 4: -3 6 lbs\\   odd that each day i've dropped exactly 1 2 lbs"
"so just got my phone \fixed\"" by sprint   i felt totally naked and lost w o my droid pal for that hour! and it better work now or else i may kill this thing!"""
"omg, i am starting to lay my laminate floors and the very first piece has a vent register   not a good start!"
just as i suspected   not even a drop has fallen here yet!
casino orientation all day   fun times!
i can't seem to motivate to do anything this afternoon!
why is it stop & go traffic on a sat afternoon on i-435 s?! come on ppl   use the gas pedal plz!!!!
it's days like today that i slightly miss having a landlord   uggh 
"freakin huge nightmare    seriously, wth?"
<propfirst> daniels with sprite!
first night on my own at the casino   fun times! my feet now feel like stones attached to my legs     sad 
i'm lovin' this awesome weather today!
"i'm tired but i can't fall asleep   sad  bleh    today was a pretty great day, tho!"
"why did i take a 2nd job working until 3am? seriously, i must have been slightly delusional at the time   "
x-osted   bleh 
"so i don't really follow politics, etc, but if planned parenthood offers pregnancy prevention, abortion, etc to low income women, (cont  on next post)"
then isn't it only fair for them to also offer fertility treatments for low incme women w fertility issues on the opposite side of the spectrum?
woot   another fun night of working! please tip the beverage server nearest you!
time to fire up my cad skills and start this project   here's to some heltah skeltah for motivation! bam!
why does youtube hate my phone?! i can't play any videos on it  stupid epic is a pos   i hate you sprint 
i  love  spring and it's almost here!!!
"for the sake of the kids, please stop allowing them to be chubby and fat  obesity isn't cute on adults and it'll kill the kids eventually! thanks "
shopping is an e playful ensive pasttime!
"woah, i did a pull up today for the 1st time in my whole life!"
"omg, i must have just hit a bird or something  i was driving along on i-29 and all of a sudden animal parts were rolling up my windshield    sorry little animal"
mani pedi time!
"nothing says, \i'm not a hobo\"" like clean underwear!"""
