56f6972636384480fdee1ea7c7bc85a1
a few more beers and i might get this all figured out 
should i go fishing or go to work?
i am trying my best not to catch britton's cold!
mmmm  pizza     the food of champions
"thinking of oysters, scallops and beer this afternoon "
tgif!
the  redskins truely suck!
i hate cold rainy days!
wireless keyboards are horrible 
i think britton has finally given me her cold!
all packed and ready to head to <propmale> tomorrow 
finished a grueling day of class and now off to the rock bottom brewery 
getting ready to fly out of <propmale> this afternoon     but maybe a trip to the rock bottom brewery first    hmmmmm 
i forgot how much i love mondays     
rain rain go away
nothing like a good meal to help get through a cold wet day 
can't believe the redskins won 
looking forward to rock fishing tomorrow and thursday!
looking forward to having family and friends over for our thanksgiving celebration tomorrow!
relaxing after a fun thanksgiving saturday!
loving the sunshine!
debating on trying to beat the rain and do some rock fishing tomorrow afternoon 
i guess i will get started on my christmas shopping tomorrow 
well i helped britton out with her knee issues yesterday so i guess today is the day for christmas shopping 
is now done with christmas shopping!  now it is off to ukrops and the abc store!
if it is going to be this damn cold then i e playful ect some snow!!!
"ok, i think the people that designed the wii fit are on crack!  there is no way my ideal weight is 165 pounds!  i haven't weighed that since the 10th grade!  and a wii age of 65    i know i am getting older but 65!  i think its time for a reboot "
finally the end of a very busy monday!
just swam a mile and is now very tired 
"is packing for a ski trip to big sky, mt   lets hope the flight will get out okay saturday morning!"
"is tired after a great day of skiing at big sky, mt "
"long day of skiing, hot tub, turkey tacos, and now lots of wine   another great day "
is thinking that since dulles and richmond are going to get snowed in i should stay out west and enjoy the fresh snow and skiing
is now back in richmond via air <propfemale>!  the car is still buried in northern <propfemale> 
hates monday's
"after five days of flexerill and vicodin, a night of dos equis, and a night of tuaca and grand marnier, my back is finally back to normal!"
time to get back to work!
"spent the afternoon with britton, my sister and friends, bought a truckload of shrubs from the nursery and got them ready to plant and now kicked back with a gin and tonic!"
"woke up this morning, walked in the kitchen and     my blood pressure <propfemale> as i saw a flood of water coming from under the sink!  not exactly the correct lyrics for the <propfirst> prine song but a <propmale> pain in the butt none the less "
here comes the rain again!  lets hope the tornados stay away!
survived another monday and efm class now i am ready for the rest of the week!
having a hot <propfemale> and a hefeweizen at pauls 
"ok, we planted about 30 shrubs, moved half a dump truck load of dirt and mulch, made a run to the dump, mowed the grass, weeded the flower beds, ran the weed eater and edger   now its time to go to work   you know it was a busy weekend when you have to go to work to get away from \work\""!"""
drinking massive quantities of wine at montpelier 
bum!
"today is the start of a five day weekend!!!  hhhmmmmm, now its time to mow the grass, plant more shrubs and move a half a dump truck load of mulch   i see many beers in my future "
just popped the top on the first of many <propfemale> beverages in store for today!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes   i had a great day!
has enjoyed a nice relaxing morning by the pool!  now its time to go grade the driveway and do a run to the dump 
grilling hamburgers and corn on the cobb for dinner   now time for a cold one!
"i am lmao looking at the \people of walmart\"" pictures!  atleast i have not recognized anyone yet!"""
"this weather sucks!!!!!  102 with a heat index of 109 today at \camp trimble\""    the pool is even up to 92    ughhh   oh well it beats work!"""
is on terminal hold with verizon!
is at <propfirst> & omies having steamed shrimp and blue <propfemale> 
going in for lasik surgery now 
waiting on <propfirst>
sitting on the patio in front of the fire drinking a nice bottle of wine with britton 
hanging out at the iron horse 
"made it to the beach  eating pizza, drinking some fine beverages and watching football "
thinks seafood and alcohol are on the menu tonight!
thinks the movie the hangover is way funny!
is very full after dinner at <propfirst> & omies 
is enjoying a nice day of golf at the nags head  links 
mondays suck!
having 'versary lunch at mamma zu's!
i had another great day of rockfishing!
just completed a run to total wine for thanksgiving beverages!
i am so full         
is at the doctors office waiting and waiting and waiting     
hanging at the richmond airport  i hate early mornings 
is very tired from skiing a foot of fresh powder in the back bowls of vail!
lizard lick towing is way too funny!
