363ad6c2fbf167e86aa12eb3f5792f71
talk with me  smile 
"that rain was killer today  super tried from skateboarding today, but i got 9 bank and i did the ceral bowl  laugh   not that many of you even know what those things are     smile "
warped tour '09! its gonna be amazing  smile 
rentrer en soi 
i'm probably too stubborn for my own good  oh well 
"oh, hair dye  how you will always be my current affair   "
return fire!! ahh!!!!
"haha, i love pirate english "
just listened to out last choir concert on youtube  thanks <propfemale>  playful 
arcane sky (my band) just got our first original song put together  gonna get to recording it soon  smile 
ow! paper cut!  confidential 
huhzzah! (is there any right way to spell that? lol )
"pool isn't as hard as i thought it would be  now, <propmale> krueger  pinball? that's a whole different topic "
"um, lol?"
too many people to ache over
   and i still give trust so lightly   
now i can only see in black & white  i hear your bark but where's your bite?
officially a misanthrope 
the lovely bones 
"i wanna meet people who ask questions not to hear themselves talk but to know the answers, people smarter than me, people who smile at strangers, people who are not socially challenged, people who surprise me, people who are better than they realize, people who are getting better   "
"blimey, the <propfemale> is bloody brilliant tonight  i think i'd fancy a cup of  tea  or a walk in the park    if i wasn't so gutted  guess i gotta keep  my pecker up! (iloveengland)"
insanity is interesting 
lovin that big bad voodoo daddy   smile 
more peircings!!!! yaya 
"life has a funny, but effective, way of teaching us lessons  i'm intrigued   love "
being sick is not cool  sad 
"tattoos and a switchblade attitude, snakebite heart with a bubble gum smile "
soooo ready for summer 
"it's okay \\seasons are changing,\\and waves are crashing,\\and stars are falling all for us \\days grow longer and nights grow shorter"
misses her best friend 
oh mann   smile 
beauty is in the eye of the beholder 
tomorrow should be interesting  three more days til the weekend - in counting 
askjdh  school is so pointless at this point  lol 
speechless 
"however weird or dumb it may sound, i realized today that hogwarts will always be home to me "
summer is gooood 
"lol, i love how people use status updates for basically everything but their status updates "
need to get out of colorado!
i'm sad that i've been missing adventure time d:
an eye for an eye can make the world blind 
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\  love   love   love   love "
people can be sooo dumb!!!! pisses me off   
got so bored that i'm liking over 40 pages    lol 
need to get away for awhile lol 
anyone got tumblr? just joined 
lol i need to get more sleep 
one more round  love 
 love 
"i need people in life who will always be there \for me and want to be, not people who are there sometimes or when they \feel like it, or when they just happen to remember i exist "
just don't go fallin in love
awkwardd  lol 
"debating dying my hair brown or black  i'm tried of upkeeping the blonde, and it's definitely not good for my hair, lol  leave me a comment and tell me what you think?"
"haha  i wanna do this for funn  like this status and i'll tell you one thing i like about you, one that i don't, my first impression, and a confession   smile "
who's going to warped tour in colorado??
"hey!!! you! yeah, you!!! \hit me up and let's <propfemale> out!!!!  laugh \do it"
saturday night with best friendd  <propfemale> <propmale>  love 
i  love  adventure time 
going camping    wish me luck lol 
what to do what to do  is summer almost over already??
some people just aren't even worth a short paragraph on how awful they are in a facebook status update 
an idea is like a virus 
"the world is such a corrupted place, and yet something amazing and beautiful comes out of it everyday "
did anyone else catch those full double rainbows today? one word  epic 
"it's sad that you have senioritis when your both not even in school yet \and your not even a senior  i am a perfect example of this, lol "
"crazy night, pretty sure i'm going insane  lol  oh well!  smile "
i love going on those drives by yourself - they are really nice 
friday the 13th     my lucky day   smile 
in the words of <propfemale>; \i\,363ad6c2fbf167e86aa12eb3f5792f71,party foul 
"honestly, i don't really like facebook at all  the only reason i use it is because everyone that i wanna keep updated with uses it  lol "
after every low comes a high 
"a scattered memory like a far-off dream   \a far-off dream like a scattered memory  \\i want to line the pieces up   \yours, and mine "
"i want to be a pirate, like captain <propfirst> sparrow "
really wants to be roxas for halloween this year!!
"fyi to those of you who didn't know, i never moved lmao  i switched schools  and i did that because overland sucks at teaching (with a few exceptions)  tell me if it's gotten better this yearr "
"oh and here's your knife  you know, the one you left in my back "
fun night last night  love 
"i'm sorry that you had to jump to conclusions and put words in my mouth, leaving us in ruins, just because you were thinking so selfishly that you never even stopped to think that maybe not everything is as it appears "
hella 
amazing weekend  hope there will be many more like it  smile 
school seems like it might be fun this year  lol 
ndk is amazing 
"freakin amazing weekend! again, lol  two in a row? i wanna keep this streak going   smile "
caught up in my own little dream world 
sonic slushies =  love 
?????????   
lol i just love my weekends now  period 
i missed adventure time     again d:
"i've decided on what i want to do in life, and now more than ever i am determined to do it  i'll get there some how     love "
lol 
lovin my life   smile  not gonna let anyone get in my way or bring me down 
uuuuugggghhhh  being sick is so lamee   annoyed 
i have nothing to say to you 
this weekend does not want me to do anything with my life   
content   smile 
wow    just wow   smile 
its so amazing how sometimes the most amazing people come into your life right as you're hoping for them 
love my life  love 
another day with <propfemale> starks  love 
"i don't know, don't ask meeeee"
"the heart can be the biggest deceiver, or the only thing that is really telling the truth  \the tricky part is being able to tell the difference "
iodgaf 
mind>matter
gloomy days are almost always off days for me   annoyed 
i wonder how i should feel 
"lol, i'm totally a wanted wizard  wonder what i did  smile "
at the windows store with <propfemale> wollesen       wow this is a big computer   smile 
sextape   love 
mind>matter  ?
i got birds in my ears and a devil on my shoulder 
wow it's only 12 something    it feels way later lol 
? ?
impossible was never possible for me 
i hate getting bruises 
i guess you never know how truly close you are to the edge until something tries to push you off of it 
oh my buddha! ?
omg <propmale> potter is coming out! so stoked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
so    like this status and i'll tell you one thing that i honestly think about you   smile 
all reasonable thought is being drowned out     love 
are you hoping for a miracle? ?
bring the rain!
<propmale> potter comes out this week!!!! ahhhhh!!!!  love 
& sometimes you just have to sit there and wonder; how did this even happen? †
getting a tattoo for my birthday! excited 
is currently in existence 
i love <propmale> potter 
i solemnly swear i am up to no good 
"suddenly between sheets and eyelids, \i am reminded why i don't do this"
i just need to live in japan  lol 
idgaf 
"\your nicotine addiction makes me cold \"" lol having to roll down the windows in the car when anyone wants to smoke """
   interesting  lol   smile 
you really are my ecstasy     love 
classic 
"one today is worth two tomorrows, so live each one to it's fullest  no one makes it out alive anyways "
wants a hogwarts acceptance letter for christmas  lmao 
you would be in fantastic shape if you ran like your mouth  just sayin 
the world can be such an awkward place  lol 
"so, i have a gut feeling that i'm not getting any sleep tonight    "
is on the pursuit of happiness
f u  ?
"words just can't describe how i feel anymore  they used to be able to betray it perfectly, but now they just seem limp and useless compaired to my emotions    maybe that's why i just don't say much lately ?"
"i'm sorry but uh, idgaf  ?"
needs a change 
is gonna start kicking life's ass   smile 
what can you say when you have no words  
having a lovely time with <propfemale> starks; eating pizza and listening to mgmt  love 
"we don't sleep when the sun goes down\we don't waste our precious time   "
missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you've seen them or the amount of time since you've talked  it's about that very moment when you find yourself doing something & wishing they were right there next to you 
"so if you wanna come in then come in, disappear into me tonight  & if you wanna give in then give in    anything that you feel is right"
<propfemale> christmas   love 
i want that captain <propfirst> sparrow swag
"i've got a tight grip on reality but i can't\let go of what's in front of me here   "
think i'm going crazy  lovely 
feeling a bit anti-social   
sooo    possibly getting my angel bites done  tattoo on my birthday  aand getting my septum re-repierced in like a week  fun fun fun lol 
"and maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets and volcano  \all i know is that i love you too much to just walk away, though "
"if you were to be happy all the time you would know nothing of trails or hardships, & those things are what makes a person who they are  being happy 24 7 is the best way to be ignorant  its hard, but what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger "
"everyone changes  change is a fact of life  but it's the people that stick with you through the change and the pain, no matter what, that are the ones you should care about "
i've come to realize that things really aren't as bad as they seem anymore    you just have to deal with it and move on
"if you love to listen to and sing jpop rock & kpop rock but you're not japanese or korean, does that make you a nerd? lol"
 annoyed 
gotta love insomnia   
i just don't want to be awake anymore at all; and yet i find that i can never sleep at night   
"i've come to realize that after you get a car, a little more than half of your life is probably spent in it  lmao"
well  never doing that again  lol 
california is calling me 
birthday in t- 3 days  lol 
"it's been awhile, hasn't it   "
damn  time flies
can honestly say i had a happy birthday  thanks for all the wishes and to all the people who made it a good day  smile 
"there are just some songs your never forget the words to, no matter how much time has passed "
just a little pissed off 
"<propfemale> starks, you are pretty much the best friend i could have ever asked for now  thanks for everything   love "
offically just saw my first ufo  lol
don't test me  not in the mood for bullshit anymore 
i hate not being able to sleep  really i do 
?
i  love  <propmale> potter
something epic is about to happen  i can tell  lol
"had a very good day  \i feel accomplished  smile "
"is currently in existence  nothing more, nothing less "
?????????????
"sick of girls  in general, really    with only a few exceptions "
you're just asking for it now 
i  love  vitaminwater  smile 
draco dormiens nunquam titillandus 
kore wa zombie desu <propfemale>?  love 
if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here?
is it just me or has fb been acting alittle retarded lately?
when nothing goes right    go left 
ouch 
"sorry that i trip up and make mistakes  sorry that i have problems because of my past  but i would never use you or anyone, and i would never trample on what we have knowingly  don't be mistaken "
feels lucky to have people who care so much   love 
"and if the silence takes you, then i hope it takes me too "
"\we're all mad here \""  love """
idgaf anymore 
its only awkward if you make it that way 
"i fought the war, but the war won't stop for the love of god  i fought the war, i fought the war, but the war won "
seriously? keep my name out yo mouth  if it's not your business then you should know to stay out of it 
"do me this solid, if you would pretty lady, please grab your martini and meet me on the balcony "
"mean it truly, sincere heart  \why do you do this to me?\tear me apart "
i think it's about time to change it up
wwhpd?
sometimes you have to just walk away to see if anyone cares enough to <propmale> you 
"but baby, i think things will turn out fine "
if you don't like my peaches don't shake my tree
"you're just somewhere that i've been,\and i won't go back again "
interesting day with <propfemale> starks
"life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets  so, love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who do not "
worth it or not  i wonder 
"simple as this; <propfemale> starks is amazing, and i  love  her very much "
"\i don't go looking for trouble  trouble usually finds me \"""""
\can't promise that things won't be broken,\363ad6c2fbf167e86aa12eb3f5792f71,sleep is the cousin of death 
remember when you were a madman? thought you was batman!
sometimes i feel like i should speak out about how much i fucking dislike you  but i think i'll keep it to myself  this is what we would call avoiding drama when people are trying to start shit 
"i do my thing, i'm livin in my own world  ?"
i want to see sucker punch so freakin bad 
why is finding a job so difficult nowadays? pfft 
one of those days where i just want to just go to bed and never wake up 
"& i can tell just what you want, you don't want to be alone "
sometimes i can't believe it    i'm moving past the feeling 
"there are so many variables, and humans and our sanity, its all so fragile  its scary to think that if the balance tipped too far you could go insane  honestly i am so amazed that we can live normally or at all "
"\we are all cuddle puddlin through technology\"" lol  love """
"nothing will ever be perfect, but i think i like it that way "
"i wish i wasn't so helpless in this situation   i wish there was something more i could do about what you're facing  a way i could help  i never want to see you in pain or in trouble  yet i'm helpless like this, for now   "
"\don't write a check with your mouth that you can't cash with your ass \"""""
if yesterday wasn't seriously an eventful busy day then i really don't know what would be lol 
"fuck this shit, i'm going to hogwarts "
being a hopeless romantic sucks 
"gauged my ears up, my hair is now shockingly pretty much white-blonde, finally got a job which means i'm gonna have money, and i enjoy working there    life is good "
<propfirst> darko   love 
i forgot that this is why i rarely let people in anymore 
very fed up    if things don't change soon there will be some problems   
"don't cry, i'll bring this home to you  if i can make this night light enough to move "
"hi <propfemale> you forgot to log out on my phone and now you've been hacked! \-love <propfirst>   smile "
"i ? <propfemale> boop  and because i actually know and love her show, not because i saw her on a handbag or jacket and thought she looked cute "
fuck it 
i don't need to sing like i care about material things  i just want   
"i can't slow down, i won't be waiting for you "
i want to once again become numb 
we move just like the <propfemale> and sun 
isn't it pretty to think so?
"respect & follow through with my request when i seriously ask something reasonable of you, and i won't have to bother you about it again, & also you'll get something positive from me and our relationship will better itself in return  is it really that complicated?"
"fuck that shit, get outta your mind "
fuckyou 
"if you'd let me, i could, i'd show you how to build your fences, set restrictions "
yess only 3 more hours of work and then i'm off for two days  love  and i get saturday off next week! score 
everything just seems so black and white now  
tiring  but really good day   smile 
don't really know what to think at this point 
anything going on tonight?
 sad 
i'm not your toy love 
yup  i'm done with this shit 
"so pack your cigarettes twice as hard, trying to numb all those ancient scars "
"would you be there for me? would you betray me, save me?"
 sad 
"lol fuck everyone who brings you down, just remember to stay positive and that nothing is impossible "
 love 
i think i lost my mind then got it back 
"just never going to get my hopes up anymore or e playful ect anything of anyone  it'll be easier that way, i think "
lovely night  happy anniversary @<propfirst> rodman  love 
i almost forgot how much i love kingdom hearts ii
"this summer is going to be pretty epic, i can already tell "
don't really know what to say   
taking it all day by day 
 
"new phone, text me & let me know who you are lol "
"the way you're moving in your sleep,\the way you look before you leap,\the strange illusions that you keep,\you don't know but i'm noticing   love "
"\i feel like i'm a victim    of youth\"""""
i'm livin in my own world 
just need to get out of here 
"yesss, summer weather  finally  love "
cannot  wait to go swimming this summer 
boredom; the sickness we can never cure 
work is actually kind of fun today   smile  want to go swimming though 
anyone wanna chill this summer? feel like i've lost touch with a lot of you guys  lol 
ughh  woke up two mornings in a row with the worst pain in my head  getting my stupid head cold back  haven't even wanted to move these past few days  and i have work tomorrow      annoyed 
"ok  if it wasnt clear to you before, my feelings aren't a fucking toy "
let me be the one to save you 
just one more year 
good night despite the occasional downers
anything fun going down tonight that isn't edc?
yup  always alone  that much never changes 
i love getting paid  lol
\like this status, and i'll tell you;\363ad6c2fbf167e86aa12eb3f5792f71,"i know i'm not perfect and i know i make mistakes  but i'll always try to make up for it the best i can if you're important to me, and my intentions are never ones meant for hurt "
getting a puppy  smile 
loong day at work tomorrow  can't wait until i can go to a concert or parade or something that i'll really enjoy and just have fun 
forever  eventually  ever  never 
everything is a love-hate relationship 
everyone was right  being 17 really does suck because its right before you turn 18 
          
too good to be true 
"i am the deepest ocean, the most treacherous sea \and the most ominous of any abyss "
i love having days off 
just got done drawing the newest tattoo i want  it felt so good to draw again  should i post it?
this is driving me insane 
this lightning is fantastic 
i feel like things are getting better and worse all at the same time    lol
"i  love  fireworks  seriously, wish we had firework shows more often in the summer here "
"if there is one thing most people cannot understand, it's love "
i see something in the nothingness if you could picture this  ?
<propmale> potter swag  lol <propfirst> radcliff said swag  going to try talking in a biritsh accent all day in honor of the world premier of <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows pt  2 today   love   love  my life is almost over lmfao d;
going ghost for awhile  see you guys on the flip side 
"if only forgetting you was as easy as pointing a wand at my head and saying,\obliviate \"""""
take it all in stride 
<propmale> potter>everything else 
summer of intense storms
cleaning out my computer today and probably just chillin  freakin out though    only two more days   
<propmale> potter tonight    then i will be a mental zombie for the rest of the week    i've stuck with <propmale> and been obsessed since i was 9 to the very end  epic feelings   
"it won't ever be the same without you, <propmale> potter  but on a brighter note, happy anniversary to <propfirst>, its been a long time   love  and to <propfemale>, thank you for everything   love "
"yeah, i'm going to trip up  it happens  but that never means that i'm not trying my best to be better "
"i miss your smile \but i miss mine even more "
so    warped tour? i think yes 
"i've been learning lately that you can't keep a grudge forever, because then you can't go on truely living  but that never means that you should just forget what happened  "
"i just don't feel the need to put effort into things i'm not interested in anymore, i'm done pretending to be something i'm not just to impress others or make them happy "
   
i've gotten so tan this summer compared to what i usually am  i'm so proud of myself ha
stay positive 
so tired    of everything currently   
wow     
"lol sorry, i don't stand for bullshit  if you do something dumb and disrespectful i'm gonna call you out  simple as that "
we don't sleep we come alive 
can't wait for ndk  so stoked
currently content with where life is going 
"i've been right, i've been left, i've been wrong, i've been left behind  i've been up, but mostly down"
one thing i love about my work; iced chai lattes every day lol 
 sad  why is it that even when i do the right thing everything seems to have a way of backfiring or blowing up in my face   
i could really go for some adventure time right now 
"& sometimes, i swear, this will be the death of me "
"so call the mainland from the beach, part of which is washed up in bleach    the waves are rising for this time of year "
"like my status if you want to know \\1  how we met\2  your name in my phone\3  best feature\4  who you are to me\5  what i like about you\6  what i dislike about you\7  favorite memory of us\8  first impression\9 how close are we\10  do i challenge you to put this as your status"
"i know we're getting better, even if its slowly but surely  that's why i'll always keep trying "
"there are a few things i will always enjoy in life    and that is <propmale> potter ( love  love ), the sims, kingdom hearts, maplestory and anime   laugh "
i'm really too young to be feeling this old 
i wonder what changes this year will bring 
i need to be 18 already 
work seems to last forever sometimes    &i just wanna chill in a hot tub currently lol 
the forbidden fruit always tastes the sweetest 
went with <propfemale> starks to get her tattoo today    its beautiful! and she didn't show any sign of pain    scary      love 
i hate this 
"its official, my co-workers are awesome "
 annoyed 
i have a feeling today will be a good day 
"i can be your trebel, baby, you can be my bass"
seeing the 25th anniversary performance of <propmale> miserab<propmale>! should be interesting
is only human 
our worst battle is between what we know and how we feel 
anything going on tonight?
"dear heartbeat,"
i need to go to shows and stuff more oftenn 
\come at me, bro!\363ad6c2fbf167e86aa12eb3f5792f71,t-minus one day  extremely excited  ndk  love 
wow  intense  lol
"this connection between them was almost electric now  out of space, out of time  beyond the confines of dreams or reality "
wooww    thanks 
ugghhh so much school workk    gotta get it done though  annoyed 
"i, i love you like a love song "
"lol  smile  today is gonna be a good day, i can already tell "
"\i don't look good in normal  that's why i don't do it \"""""
ughh of course i have work early the morning after a saturday night lol 
"humans are odd, fascinating, dark & imaginative creatures  i am one myself, and yet i don't fully understand our nature  why we do, or think certain things  strange    & interesting, isn't it?"
&it almost feels like déjà vu    
?
lol i bet no one will recognize me anymore     laugh 
i want to be a vampire like the ones in the sims 3  that would be amazinggg
i hate this feeling     annoyed 
"i guess sometimes it takes hitting rock bottom for a minute, and having almost no one there for you, to realize what you really need and what is really going on "
lol 
so she ran away in her sleep 
