dcdba855ef6eca302a6f06bae7ba6379
to work i go
dude    whyd i reactivate my facebook?
its a bittersweet symphony
rest in peace gramps love ya
 joyful 
they call it a soup kitchen when bums have a orgy in yo car!
lets all drive on the left side of the road
"\don't get offended if i seem absent minded just keep telling me facts and keep making me smile don't get offended if i seem absent minded i get tongue-tied\""\",dcdba855ef6eca302a6f06bae7ba6379,"goin to the funeral, rest in peace gramps"
idk   just got home  call me up or somethn?
day turned out prety good  smile 
 smile  is all
well    
 joyful 
"can't stop the spirits when they need you ,this life is more than just a read thru"
woahhh
mmmmmmm  smile 
"bow down before the one you serve, your going to get what you deserve"
boooo
your a slave to money    then you die
such a prety lil thang
gonna getcha
well      
borring friday night   hit me up need some fun
who wants to go see resident evil with meh  smile 
the chetty <propfirst>
nothn to do =[
cut ties with all the lies that you've been living in 
hello rain     
bye bye snakebites  annoyed 
bored   hit me up   
"yay, i love when people try and steal my stuff!!!  laugh "
watching highschool drama makes me laugh   and upperclassmen thinkn there above everyone else   glad im outta that immature hell hole   good riddence  smile 
watching highschool drama makes me laugh   upperclassmen thinkn there above everyone else  pathetic    glad im outta that immature shit talkn hell hole   good riddence  smile 
"i used to think that the day would never come, id see the light in the shade of the morning sun, the morning sun is the drug that brings me near to the things ive lost, replaced by fear"
"gettn sick, woo"
and i tried to piece the puzzle of the universe
"well, she was pretty"
rather drunk
a heart of stone a smokeing gun i can give you life i can take it away 
shower  smile 
tired
anyone wana sell me a xbox 360?
 joyful 
"i'm not like them, but i can pretend, the sun is gone, but i have a light, the day is done, but i'm having fun, i think i'm dumb, or maybe just happy"
"its a bittersweet symphoney, this life"
twas a good night  smile 
another day
"\give me a reason why the minds a terriable thing to waste!\"""""
woah!!!!!!!!
pitter patter
"your a fugitive, but you dont know what your runnin away from"
"your a fugitive, but you dont know what you're runnin away from,you cant kid us, and you couldnt trick anyone "
dude   im bored hah hit me up
flattering
bored  smile 
ciggerettes out    goodnight world    
what to do today    
this is the soundtrack to my life 
bored woooooo!
gonna get some well needed rest  smile 
mann    board broke   fuck!!!!
should prolly get some sleep
these quiz things are wierd  surprise 
come crashing in   into my little world
"so, im bored    hit me up someone lol"
i feel clean  smile 
fuck deer!
 smile 
its a bittersweet symphony
"it makes a man outta me, you take the fun outta me, iv been consistant to the fuckn dream and ive paid my dues just to get them all back, simple man simple <propfemale>"
so
"load up on guns bring your friends, its fun to lose, and to pretend"
drawling out <propfemale> next tattoo    wow   i cant drawl worth a shit
another night
"bored, yet again   woooo!"
love when facebook always fucks up
mythbusters is interesting at times
"tired, time to drift off into my own little dream world"
i have some fucked up dreams sometimes
soundtrack 2 my life
smile  smile 
mhmm
bored
errbuddy break it up n lemme pack it
"it makes a man outta me, you take the fun outta me and ive been consistent to the fuckn dream and ive paid my dues just to get them all back simple man simple desires"
i feel like i can fly
new southpark time?
tired    for once
doctors pills make me grumpy
crutches fuckn suck
buh bye now
skate day today i think
happy  smile 
"love not bein able to sleep, wonderful"
bored
i like this  smile 
blehhhhhhh
smiles all around
skaten and whatnot today  smile  so perty outside!
<propfemale> yay
it smells like teen spirit 
i need a cigarette
cookies n milk
makes me happy  smile 
 smile 
gettn outta here!
skatepark then idk  smile 
snow ruins everything =[
 smile  =[  annoyed  =|
happy  smile 
tea n bed
bone chilling
really?   
lemon squares  smile 
with <propfirst>     rode the <propfemale> jolly trolley downtown!
got alot to do today for once
modest mouse
"well that is that and this is this  will you tell me what you saw and i'll tell you what you missed, when the ocean met the sky "
need a new kingpin  waiting for things to happen  smile 
"well we moved to the left and we moved to the right and sure as hell we stayed out almost every single night, but if the party's over, if the fun has to end could you do this for me my friend, would you just\please       bury me with it"
"<propfemale> cities, made of ashes"
nostalgia
great   snow   =[
got the job   cool
fuck snow yeah!!!!!
 smile  is all
i need a smoke    
fuck snow
bittersweet symphony gurllll
gonna put up the tree tonite  smile 
   happy       joyful 
burrrr
the strokes
mornings suck
whats all this number nonsense i dont get it
bored
"lifes a beach, im just playin in the sand"
i got an idea  joyful 
to work i go
tank tops in the winter  smile 
gotta work soon   back still hurts wooo
"sore, cold, and hungry"
reptilia
"lifes a beach, im just playin in the sand "
"food, work, sleep, n such"
"bad day allready, cant afford all this shit   ohh and work soon"
fuck     ehhh happens
"theres somethn i wana say, but i cant spit it out"
"relaxing today, for once"
needa get a late night shift job   anyone know if someones hiring?
a rainbow in the dark
so close to buying a ticket and leaving this fucking state
a good nights rest is a really good idea
<propfemale> christmas  surprise 
"all i want for christmas is a baker team brand logo heli-pop 8 00x31 75 deck, but all the sites are fresh outta stock =["
neck hurts     fuck
blood in my socks
"bored, in pain     i need me a massage"
"i once had a grip on everything, it feels better to let go"
"tired, bed early tonight?   sounds like a plan   oh and fuck you winter!"
"tired, and i gotta work    yay -_-"
i need a fuckn cigarette
"pissed off, gonna go skate the town"
sore    rest sounds amazing
cant sleep gota work in the morning  annoyed 
id better get my fuckn paycheck soon  been a month
planning 
<propmale>? a possibility   need some sleep been up all night doin math lol
"pissed, i just wana get outta here!"
bioshock?
feelin down today =[
pulled over 3 times in 1 night   damn just for my headlight
bioshock
the cure
bored  smile 
ohhhh boy
brownies   yum
"lol, i love when kids i dont even know start talkn shit and say that there gonna beat my ass     grow up kids ur not worth my time"
"bored, anyone wna do some shit?"
stranded
"bored, tired, and hungry"
so fuckn bored
"so fuckn bored, someone save me"
<propfirst> needs a cigarette pwease
"yeah, the night's not over, you're not trying hard enough  our lives are changing lanes, you ran me off the road, the wait is over i'm now taking over, you're no longer laughing, i'm not drowning fast enough "
ye put a smile on me face  smile 
happy  smile 
bored yay
theres an african child inside me
 joyful 
you make me happeh  joyful 
california babylon
