d35e9e06ea352d83340c08cfd206095e
does anyone have the information for the formal paper for onody? i don't have the paper with that stuff on it 
famoshebi ímaf ti?e?e akeleth akeleth nafoshima 
"painting today~ not sure what i'm going to paint, just trying out my set "
you guys know i'm never going to come back   right?
    facebook confuses me  :i
not much going on    i actually want school to start just so i'll have something to do 
i am so bored  i hope i get my own computer back soon 
going to the library in a few minutes  might meet up with <propfemale> and some others there later 
gotta babysit until <propfemale> comes home   she's getting ready to leave now 
has a baby sleeping on her 
got a haircut!
babysitting while everyone else is out 
is hanging out with crystal    might as well enjoy what we have left of summer 
fussy baby is fussy 
my schedule seems to be working out fine  lots of classes with friends~
i need help choosing a project for sculpture! should i do: a) a person sitting? b) a person falling? c) a person riding a giant squid? d) or something else? (suggestions would be nice~)
"gotta start working on my portfolio  oh, mr  onody, why do you do this to us!"
off to a good start  setting up the actual binder and wrote a journal entry already  any suggestions for books or subjects to write on?
i got stabbed while making my giant squid today   laugh 
zombie attack 
babysittinggggggg    again 
coming up with a possible halloween costume  it's a secret~
is not sure whether to go utopian or dystopian on this 
zoboomafoo is on   laugh d
gonna have vick come over for a bit   i love how everything now revolves around school (and baby)  :i
nomnomnom snacktime  alone with the baby once again 
i don't know why changing the language to pirate is so amusing  |d
attention: i have just been notified that i am a dinosaur  that is all 
first gsa meeting of the year was earlier today    it's actually pretty fun there!  laugh 
why? why not?
"the chicken wild rice soup i had wasn't really that good  = n=; it was okay for canned, but i've had much better   "
"my english teacher hates <propfemale>, should i take advantage of this?"
thanks everyone!
?p?p ? s?? ?s?? ¿???? ? u??? ss?l ??s ? p?p ?uo?????? l??un ???? ? u??? ss?l
still grinding away at that dinosaur picture 
sleepy baby is sleeping 
bye bye guys~ have fun without me!  wink 
research paper topic  :u why do the rest of the class get all last week and i only get tonight?!
i believe i will put stevejack next to my dinosaurs when i get both of those projects back 
is hating the drama between some of her friends 
"while the baby sleeps, <propfemale> shall work on schoolwork  :u"
so how was the show? rubbish!
health pamphlet and spanish poster    why does everyone give homework when my portfolio due date starts getting uncomfortably close!
what's the best way to escape a charging polar bear?
portfolio work go go go!
sick of the portfolio  portrait drawing break!
got the portfolio back  90%!
nothing interesting today  laugh 
friday at last! three day weekend~
portrait drawing  manface 
fa ando ratet kele asula uke   kon mklíklu!
i need some practice  anyone have any good (short) texts for me to translate?
"time to make one of the presentations for onody  conlangs, anyone?"
time for drawing   today is self-portrait day  let's see the fail 
fa ando nimau ke? fa na compefa temani  qo maái eshi fa compefaáv entalu?
<propfemale> kináketet nakev eshi fa!
   this research paper is not working  about to give up for the day  there goes peer review 
   fa kiná ímafet mán kon enta uejo fa? fa na sete  fa laktín sete  fa ando ?e?i  fa na na sete efe atel 
research paper today  feeling horrible  naseta ?e?e naši   
i'm printing in black and white! why do you need yellow ink?!
is as far as she's gonna get on the portfolio  going to bed 
fa ratetá mán konlang tiane?á seva~ fa e?hákeva vulosu ukise fa ratet 
"i feel like coming up with a new orthography today, but the old one already has the feel i need  hmmm   "
"ke ímaf \jot\""? fa ratet sete aren  fa ratet ateneva   e?maán ateneva let?"""
"at last! i know my purpose in life: to help people! and to do that, i must become    a psychofloobicologist!"
"do you get my joke? because your head, it is in the tuba!"
"if anyone knows of where a figment model sheet might be hiding in the depths of the internet, tell me  i can't find one anywhere!"
"it seems like the more i practice, the more things i find that need to be improved upon as well "
"you know, in my day we had goos hows "
stupid computer charger   not working right  >:i
"wait, how many words do we need for loughman's paper? does anyone remember?"
"about to give up     ?e, i don't even know what else to type! or even if i have the right amount of words    i love how i never say anything on facebook unless i'm complaining or something "
"if you're happy and you know it, clap your hair  *clap clap*"
people should have to wear helmets because you wont crash softly if you crash  you will crash into everything hardly and it will be bad 
"hey, you guys with hgss out there  who's gotten yellow <propmale>? and if so, has anyone gotten a flying one yet? i'd be willing to trade my surfer over for it "
do you think a portable wanjaxer would be worth it? i'm not too sure   
hello fixed computer  it's nice to have you back  c:
my father is a mountain and my mother is a washing machine     what is going on in this book?
someone punch me in the face (stick is optional)  my soul has been stolen by the photographers! >8u
"seesaws are not a good idea  fun, but not a good idea "
i feel like the koala that was eating the last grain of black sand 
"so, grasssnake, firepig, or waterotter?"
"if this portfolio doesn't kill me, nothing can  let's get this thing finished! >8u"
te?e qo há aloviqo kevevlanen ki?ani eše qo!
i never realized how much i used my left hand   
"jusa, <propfemale> kon šilmalu "
today was a great day~ i just have little room left on my bed anymore   giantchu takes up a whole corner  >8u
"first day of summer vacation~ finals finished yesterday, i'm free~"
"tiane?álu naqea ímaf   fa qo aši na <propfemale>? fa ašien, <propfemale> nakeleth vamie  qo fa ašiet atheqa? let fa asula ímaf? lemo arenevo ujo fa   "
esperanton mi estas lerni  c:
nice to be back in hillsborough   it's been a long time 
pool parties are fun~ i should go swimming more often      and maybe avoid being thrown in next time  my back still hurts   
didn't you know? the coffee drinks the teachers!
just got my copy of the language construction <propfemale> in the mail!  love 3
i know why <propfirst> cullen sparkles  he is secretly a vampire squid 
been up since 3am    i have found the reason why i don't get up in the morning  it is unbearably boring 
"i could have sworn camping was on the 18th, not the 8th  o ao;;"
i think i fixed my profile  did it work? can you see my wall? @ a@
<propfirst> luck can choke people with forks 
that that is is that that is not is not is that it it is
would that this hoodie were a time hoodie!
out black friday shopping     wow at toys r us  just wow 
yabukuron = the best  and you cannot convince me otherwise 
got my computer back!  love 
pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows
ripped out two projects today    i'm so off today  i can't even cast on right 
<propfemale> likes to punch people with her face 
"\do you want foo-foo or sna-sna?\"""""
all i want for christmas is a christmas pterodactyl  :u
what is your meaning of christmas?
hyvää joulua!  laugh 
it's extremely difficult to translate songs well (especially with the limited vocab of my conlang) but i kind of want to give it a try again  suggestions?
"any crafters at shs? knitting, crocheting, doesn't matter what  i need your help "
