0408caf28698509aed2770a002bd9682
is now home for a total of 4 1 2 days before he leaves for 2 years
"needs a job, anybody have any ideas?"
xkcd com makes the world so much better
"delaying the \should go to bed\"" by playing sonic  smile """
is going to attempt to fix his computers connectivity problems 
is in a much better mood cuz he just finished talking with one of the greatest people in the whole world
just had a wonderful poke war with a wonderful friend
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons 
gets to be in dekalb for over 12 hours today    woo hoo    
today != good (<> for you java users)
"woohoo, sitting in the basement of stevenson for 4+ hours waiting for my interview    "
may not be going to school today     stupid snow 
is trying for the umpteenth time to fix his computer
should have gone to bed about 2 hours ago but     his computer is now fixed  yay desktop!
wishes he lived in dekalb right about now
is having terrible dejavu
had fun driving into campus to the sight of helicopters hoving
"can overhear a guy listening to tonight, tonight in the comp-sci lab  my day just got so much better "
"the human being is not meant to go without personal human-to-human interaction  even those that say they don't need really do need it  our society today with all its texting and im'ing is making it easier and easier to fool ourselves into thinking we don't need personal interaction  some people may seem they don't like to interact, while in reality they are just waiting for someone to ask "
the navy is looking very attractive right about now    
"is on the \alternate list\"" for ca positions for next year    """
"so my professor today failed to print off the correct test, therefore it is now a test that gets to be taken on blackboard    live is great!"
is it human nature to have things that you cannot have?
why is it human nature to want things that you cannot have?
"wishes when the northern <propfemale> would quote him they would actually quote him, not put words that the writer thinks sound good into his mouth"
is wondering why he came to campus today since his one class he really comes for is cancelled today     
"stupid computer, give me back my freaking file! *mutter, mutter, mutter* stupid avg, and i thought that you were actually good      apparently not     "
rock climbing makes everything seem so much better  smile 
"woohoo, lost my desktop again       sad "
"and so i ask you my friends, what do you consider to be a friend?"
either just aced his math 240 exam or bombed it hardcore
has been quite enjoying the view of the sunrise from his rear-view mirror the past week or so 
is an idiot  complete and utter idiot  enough said 
"is starting to feel the frustrations of a comp-sci student, and he is only in the intro class!"
is starting to feel the frustrations of a comp-sci student 
woohoo! i figured it out!
has a feeling today is just going to be a good day 
"sa elections are today  remember to go out and vote! you need your niu onecard and you can vote at barsema, dusab, hsc, library, rec center! vote for quick,  alferez, <propmale>,  hudek!"
is so excited! less than a week!!!!!  laugh 
hates the annoying spyware that is just a pain to get rid of but doesn't harm your computer  if you are going to make it this annoying atleast do some damage!
is so excited for today!  laugh 
"is not as excited about today as he was earlier, but is now super excited for tomorrow!  laugh "
just went running with the best person in the whole world and a bunch of soon to be navy recruits and had a lot of fun 
"\mighty mysterious carbohydrates floating by\""? are you serious?"""
may have the best schedule he could ever think possible for fall semseter
is going to go see the helicopters by stevenson before going home
didn't know plans could backfire is so many many ways (i didn't know this many directions was possible from one stinkin plan)
"more training tonight for my job, whoopee"
"argh, i don't want to do my c++ homework right now but i should get started"
needs to find a study guide for the astb
"so    anybody want to go to my high schools production of <propmale> miserables on thursday, april 29th? i currently have three spare tickets "
is starting to study for the astb    and needs to remember to call the proctor tomorrow to set up a time to take it 
"is now signed up for the astb, now all he has to do is finish finals and study his butt off for this test"
"still has two tickets for <propmale> mis if anybody wants to go! (tomorrow, thurs  4 29, 7 smile 0 pm, my highschool)"
is getting excited for guild wars 2 even though it is probably still a year out      
"\whose the more foolish? the fool or the fool who follows him?\"""""
"well that is just not fair, i go to catch up on filing pictures for work and it won't let me onto the network drive i have to save them to     "
did well on his test  now he just has a ton of forms to fill out before the 20th (hopefully) 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes  it was a good day 
is almost done with this round of filling out forms for the navy
so the room my computer is in is about 91 degrees right now  i love not having the a c working 
set fire to everyone around but you 
hates the freakin news media 
how will our country ever survive with the ignorance that most people live in?
"great, now obama is making the british hate us      "
found firefly on hulu    life is good  smile 
"mercy is the <propfirst> of a great man    guess i am just a good man     well, i'm alright    "
"he who takes offense when none is intended is a fool, \he who takes offense when offense is intended is a bigger fool  \--confucious"
seems to be forever doomed to wondering where he went wrong 
wants a stinkin phone call already     
i just want my phonecall 
really enjoys living within hearing distance of ribfest  smile 
finally got around to checking some programming he got from a professor to look at over the summer and is starting to remember why he loves being a computer science <propmale>  smile 
is happy the anet is apparently taking some things from tabula rasa and implementing it with guild wars 2  smile  yay for tr not being a complete waste!
it is just one of those days    you know?
chicago seems to always make things seem better  smile 
why can't i seem to find anything that i need these days?
anybody have a spare sata cable i can borrow for a day? i can't find my spare 
"gah! why can't people learn to communicate effectively? just wasted 30 <propfemale> at work doing something that had apparently already been done, but nobody bothered to tell the person whose job it is to do said thing "
just barely missed beating melbu frahma  sad 
is outstanding  smile 
is in much worse shape than he thought    
has a week to get in shape for his fitness test for the navy      
was somewhat unimpressed with the conclusion to inception  good movie though 
"yeah, prt on thursday? we shall see how that goes     "
"okay my runner friends  best way to get into shape in a month  suggestions? any and all are welcome  i have some good ideas already, but the more the merrier right?"
"whee, all moved in, took less than an hour   smile "
"dog pound deli, how i have missed thee"
"ca interview in a little bit, gotta shower and get ready for that "
i think that went rather well 
wooohooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
unix where have you been all my life?
attempt 2 at the prt tomorrow afternoon    i can do it this time 
is in a really really really really really really really really really really really really good mood   smile 
passed his prt today and is now all but officially in the navy! just gotta wait for some paperwork to go through 
"just had the panic! at the disco cover of tonight, tonight by smashing pumpkins come up on pandora       it was the worst butchering of that wonderful song i have heard   sad "
why won't my virtual box let me get to the ubuntu image on my flash drive anymore? i need to do homework!
seriously people? howling at 11 smile 0?
won't get anything done today at this rate  why hulu? why?
"\where did i go wrong? i lost a friend\"""""
just got his csci assignment to work and has no idea what he changed so it works       
"please repost this if you know or are related to someone\ killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish \is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering \scum the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the \galactic   empire   continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't \copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
say goodbye to 4 year old phone  say hello to nice shiny new one!  smile 
end of a stressful week  what better to do than work on some more storyline and dungeons for d&d  smile 
"oy vey, bed time     "
woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess who is officially owned by the us navy?
"please\ put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone)\ who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in \case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy \and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of \people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the \remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
goal in life: watch all of the lord of the rings extended versions back to back to back  check! (took about 12 hours)
just got a pie in his face  smile  thanks tierney brinkman
home  smile 
new tron movie     i approve  smile 
"new computer is built, now the very lengthy process of transferring data      "
"<propfemale> christmas!\\oh, and serenity rpg for christmas? check!  laugh "
tron the second time was just as good  smile 
death by tray!
'tis a very very sad day  i could not successfully port my street hacker to my new computer (32-bit to 64-bit issues) and the publisher for the game has gone out of business and the website is not longer functional  i may never be able to play one of my favorite games every again  sad 
