dd62280aeeca261365568f54453b1d1c
"finished my first day of college  got rained on and stalked then hugged by a guy, who i believe might have been on the slow side "
"i've decided  people fail  except for me, because i'm amazing and not self-centered at all "
is mildly depressed by her <propfemale> little world and is wishing she could afford to travel  or could afford her own place  and or get a decent job that doesn't break you down the fiber of your being strand by strand  and is realizing that human existance is society is  pointless 
"*doesn't break down the fiber of your being, etc"
is stuck in a freakin' concrete box style waiting room (no exageration  no windows  and everything is that awful off-yellow) for at least 2 1 2 hours  with no cellphone and only the internet and schedule making to entertain her  
thinks she has a class schedule picked out! -glee-
is trying to make her fucking profile picture work but it's being retarded  
has suceeded~
"  is wondering what is on her mind    grey matter, perhaps? o o"
"wants a freakin' ps3, not only for the games, but to be able to buy <propfemale> trek on blue raaaay~!"
blech  heading off to work until 9pm  kill me!
is  doing nuffin'
is making stir frrrrrry~
"is listening to her nine-year-old sister try to sing modern hits and  failing  i hate to admit it, but it's kinda  cute  i'm thinking about recording her  and posting it here and humiliating her for years to come when she discovers facebook  hmm  "
"*correction to last status update*   -clears throat- just want to clarify, the fact that my sister was  failing  was cute  not the actual sister  that is all  -nod-"
is being cyber-bullied   sad 
is tired of fucking failing so hard and the devasting disappointment that comes with each little failure 
"doesn't want to do any freaking thing, and yet  does  its so goddamn frustrating!"
feels better after drawing freaky things  
has massive bleeding from her nasal cavities!  annoyed 
is all excited about x-mas now  i've already got most of my christmas shopping finished or at least planned~
  is still listening to daft punk  o o
has decided 'schizophrenic psycho' by puddle of mudd should be her theme song  (  is that bad? o o )
"has decided she needs sleep afterall, especially with icey roads  icey roads + tired driver = dead driver "
is actually studying for her history final~
is so fucking tired of drama and wants to just get along with her friends without having to worry about who's next to who and if a fight will break out  -sigh-
"is wishing oreos were a healthy food  >,<"
-flails-
"just woke up about an hour ago  and i have to be at work in four hours--goodbye, day  >,<"
is massively tired of doing friggin' homeowrk 
is  still working on homework  -dead-
is frustrated for no reason  -sigh-
refuses to go get her mother something from the kitchen when her mother is closer to the kitchen than she is!
"can't believe that even though her mother just saw her facebook status, she still is asking for crap that she's closer to  like  her blanket  its a little sad  she's lying on the couch  whining  i'm debating whether or not to put her out of her misery  "
wants the whining to stop! -dies-
"is sick  >,<"
"just dyed her hair and has reassured that it looks fine by a few people  i hope it looks alright  too tired to worry about it now, though  i have papers to write by tommorow  >,<"
"is totally listening to the best song ever - from the lion <propmale> soundtrack, 'be prepared' where scar sings to the hyenas about his evil plot~!  love "
hasn't updated in forever 
"has to take a stupid make-up exam for spanish  no quiero tomar el examen, pero tengo que  -sigh-"
thanks all for the happy birthday wishing goodness~ sorry it took so long to reply  ^^'
"is bored and hates this damn school  and wants  meatloaf  yes, meatloaf sounds wonderful right now  i  love  meatloaf~"
http annoyed  www xkcd com 721 
"is fucking tired of facebook, tired of all of the updates and applications and tired of feeling like she's missing out on real-fucking-life because of the stupid internet  and on a slightly hypocritical note: i also miss television    i miss it lots  damn you lack of satellite television! but, there's always netflix  "
"is tired of fucking ranting at a goddamn internet wall, hoping someone will comment  goddamnit all!"
http annoyed  www facebook com photo php?pid laugh 0960755&id=1369374953
"just moved peanut into the new house and am a little worried about random accidents  took him out once, he peed five times and just a few minutes after we had been inside, he started whining to be let out again, and what do you know?   three more pee-breaks  3am pee-breaks do not work well for me! but he's adorable and cuddly and my baby and totally worth it   i think"
decided to start updating her status more often  as if anyone cares   playful 
has decided she hates alcohol and the stupidity that always seem to accompany it 
is fucking wired and literally twitching while listening to <propfirst> massacre's 'ultrasound'  look it up  youtube  do it now  i command you 
"loves history, but is going to have a conniption fit if she has to do any more homework  four chapters with varying levels of assignments in nine days might not sound awful, but crap is really getting old "
"has magically only finished two more questions on her homework in the last, oh, two days? it isn't even fucking hard!"
"is on the brink of a nervous-fucking-break-down   peanut's been whining and crying since i got home and <propfemale>'s in heat  stupid shit is pissing me off  things that aren't my business, but things i have to deal with    someone kill me?"
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
has decided she fucking hates people in general
is a lot better mood today surprisingly  who knew organizing and cleaning a house could relieve stress?
is having a glorious steak 'n egg sandwich~
taking a break from life for halo 
and look at that   my fucking day went to shit again because of people  yay 
"i love religious people  they must have been put on this planet, by god, for my amusement  atheism ftw "
who's got two thumbs and just spilled an entire gallon of sweet tea on her carpet? this girl! -points thumbs at self- proof of my  winage 
"does anyone else think it is far too fucking cold outside?! jesus christ, i've got the heat on 70 and it isn't even touching it  yay for not being able to sleep because of the temperature  fucking wonderful  "
"also, am i weird for reeeeally loving the idea of this annoyed \http annoyed  wastelandweekend com "
so! i've had a new puppy since november and haven't posted almost anything about her just yet  must fix!
"poor peanut <propmale> butts is getting fixed very, very soon  hopefully he enjoys the last few days of complete manhood "
heartburn  fml 
fear  ftw
"damn you, facebook and your ability to easily distract me!"
going to the zooooo!  laugh 
"this is stupid, but   i was just reminded of my huge fear of water swimming \\watch the beginning of hereafter  jesus-fucking-christ  i was almost tearing up   and that's super weird for me  intense "
so am i the only one who fucking loves angry beavers?!  laugh 
"okay, so on my  6th or 7th hour on guitar hero; my left hand  might be dead "
"  mother, i want you to know   \\thank you for potty-training me and teaching me to walk, but as i said on your wall like three times before you kept deleting my responses, it only took 20 years, but i'm still pleased with the end result!  laugh  <propfemale> deener"
"so, going back to school  it has been decided  thinking about majoring in, *gasp*, english of some sort  maybe  i had mechanics  >> \\but, yeah, maybe teaching? don't know  want to do some sort of writing  reeeeally badly  creative writing, of course, none of that technical crap  but, now i have to figure out how to pay for it and where to go  joy  don't you love college? >,<"
