9579cf982c81d05a333541072239c28d
is so excited for the new year to start   going to be kissing my sweetheart at midnight ?
hate is easy   love takes courage 
"everytime i sneeze, my eye starts twitching"
working 12-8 smile 0pm today   got an 86 on my business law test this morning!
"me and <propfemale> ate an entire boston creme cake at work today, we regret nothing "
please stop raining
"saw the book of <propmale> with my boyfriend, awesome movie btw!"
closing with <propfemale> tonight!!
"teach only love, for that is what you are"
"has to work 1 smile 0 to 9 smile 0, thank you publix for killing my day"
stop being cold immediately!
watching the tudors before going to bed
just read the new secrets on postsecret com
i'm trying to catch up on some lecture videos before class tonight
i'm making a cake for girls night tonight! everything from scratch!
misti: what's imaginary? me: my friends lol
"test today at 1pm, then working 2 smile 0 until closing "
you and me could write a bad romance
is working tonight 1pm until closing time 
today was not as good as it should have been
"when i was coming home not too long ago, i was driving down us1 in t-ville, and i hit a heart balloon with my car   "
is staying up late to watch moulin rouge 
needs to stop staying up so late
working 3pm until closing time today!
roadtripping to carvel tomorrow (vero beach)   then a little girl's night dinner!
"going to carvel, be there in about an 1 hour and 45 <propfemale>"
"saw shutter island tonight with my boyfriend   it was an awesome movie, i wasn't too excited to see it at first, but i am so glad that i did "
"thank you <propfemale> for my flannel pajamas because without them, i would have froze last night"
"going to bed, i have to be back to work at 9am"
"loves a knight's tale, it has to be one of my favorite movies "
it's march already
"hate is easy, love takes courage"
"started off scheduled 34 hours, and i am going to end up with almost 40, i'm pretty excited"
"had a goodnight at work  smile , tomorrow i have a day off"
made pancakes
hooray for having a 6 smile 0-9 smile 0 shift that i have to revolve my day around
"got called in early to work, now i'm working 3 surprise 0-9 smile 0"
<propfemale> was a no go because cobb did not have a midnight showing  sad   but i'm seeing it tomorrow with my sweetheart after work
"working 10-7pm tonight, then the strawberry festival is this weekend   and that's where i'll be    all weekend"
has to be at the cocoa campus at 6:20am     strawberry festival all day    i'm not looking forward to it 
"i am burnt and tired and i would love to sleep in, but i have to work 6am until 3pm tomorrow"
"working 10-7 today, hopefully i'll get to see my sweetheart when i get off work"
"i don't know what happened, i should be happy, but i don't think i am"
i don't even know what to think right now
"had a wonderful day yesterday with my boyfriend, and today i feel so much better   working 2pm until closing tonight "
"just watched the new lady gada music video, telephone   i must say i am in love with her"
today is the start of a very long work week   working today 3pm until closing with <propfemale>!!
this is day 2 of a very busy work week   closing tonight and have to be back at 6am tomorrow 
"going into work at 6am  and even though my c s managers said i could leave at 10pm, i still got crap for why i was leaving at 10pm   isn't there supposed to be 10 hours between shifts anyways??"
"i decided on wed, when i work   i am wearing my st  <propfirst>'s day <propfemale> that says \kiss me i'm irish\"" """
"going out on a date tonight with mr  <propfirst> harmon, and we're going to see a movie   and perhaps afterwards ihop with some friends"
is working from 6pm until closing tonight
"closing again tonight, hoping it goes as well as it did last night "
my amazing boyfriend just dropped by to see me before i had to go to work   today is going to be a good day 
has a headache and has to study for her test tomorrow at 8am
"i hate my stupid phone, it keeps resetting itself and i am just done with it"
the weather is affecting my mood   i'm not liking it at all 
"i just watched moulin rouge again, my favorite song is the bolero that plays during the credits "
"is working 1pm until closing tonight, i love being the only office part timer available to work sundays"
is not very tired but is going to get into bed anyways
wants summer to happen immediately
i want your love and i want your revenge  you and me could write a bad romance 
"has to work from 2pm until closing tonight, even though i can think of at least 6 other things i'd rather be doing "
"let's have some fun, this beat is sick, i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  don't think too much, just bust that thick   i wanna take a ride on your disco stick "
"got called into work today, working 5pm until closing (yay for my 2nd 6 day work week in a row)   and ticketmaster needs to stop being a douche and mail the tickets already   seinfeld is in 9 days and i still don't have the tickets"
"i love that lavender blonde, the way she moves, the way she walks   i touch myself, can't get enough "
i can tell the next couple of days are not going to be fun 
is working 6pm until closing tonight 
"can't sleep, but i'm glad i don't have anywhere to be until 6pm "
it feels like my whole day has been building up for me to work at 6pm
"my work day did not seem as long as it really was, and the seinfeld tickets finally came today   church in the morning, and working 2pm until closing "
is hungry
"i won't tell you that i love you, kiss or hug you  cause i'm bluffin' with my muffin   i'm not lying i'm just stunnin' with my love-glue-gunning"
watching season 2 of how i met your mother  smile 
"going to sleep, and hopefully when i wake up, it will be a good day between cashiering, then the easter egg hunt at publix, and hopefully seeing my boyfriend"
"had an amazing evening with the boyfriend tonight   i love the nights where you stay at home, cuddle up, and watch tv, sometimes it's the perfect date "
"can't wait until friday when i have date night with my sweetheart, and we're going to see seinfeld"
really wants pretzels for some reason
"had an amazing day with my boyfriend   seinfeld was funnier than i thought, and i was wearing a pretty dress"
i hope everyone had a nice easter   i know i did because i got to spend the whole day with my sweetheart
just had a bite of <propfemale>'s chewy ice cream  weird but good 
"totally forgot that i have a test tomorrow  haha, i'm amazing"
"it's bad enough hearing coworkers complain at work all day, but when i just get off work, home trying to catch up on the dvr, please stop talking   i don't care about what you have to say because you say the same thing every day "
working until closing and getting a new male csm tomorrow 
"is working 3pm until closing  it should go by fast tonight, hopefully "
i'm a t-rex! rawr!!
"la lune trop pale, caresse l'opale, de tes yeux blases  princesse de la rue soit la bienvenue dans mon coeur brise "
just woke up and it feels so good to sleep in   now i have to get ready to work 1pm until closing time 
"just had waffle house with my boyfriend and my big sis <propfemale>   oh, how i love that boy?"
"got called in early for work today, so now i'm working 4pm until closing time "
"is watching monsters, inc  before work!"
there is no reason for a pair of pants to require 5 buttons on them to take them off   
did not get very good sleep last night 
"is going to sleep, i don't get to sleep in, but i guess i have saturday morning to look forward to   and thursday can't come soon enough"
the whole house smells like beef stew and deliciousness
has no business speaking in public
"got called into work today, working til 4pm, class at 5pm"
going out with <propfemale> tonight to get some dinner   sunday needs to be here immediately!
"put that thing back where it came from, or so help me"
me and <propfemale> built a blanket fort in the living room  i don't want to go to work
"is having a boyfriend filled day today, minus the 3ish hours he is in class   seeing anberlin at the fmf tonight "
"at the florida music festival with my wonderful boyfriend  anberlin on at 10 smile 0, we're pretty excited"
"dear publix, please stop calling me before 10 am "
"i was going to wake up at 11ish, but thank you publix for calling at 9 smile 0am to make sure i didn't over sleep"
so warn the villages because here comes the cuddle monster 
"i don't know why i'm still up, i have to work at 6am   "
wants to bake!!
is going to take my 1st exam now   i'm really anxious  sad 
"wants to go to bed because i was up at 5:15am, but i have to study some more for my final tomorrow   i am so tired of sitting still and staring at the screen trying to retain information "
i'm in the bathroom and there are a mother and daughter playing a word association game    kind of weird
"working today, 2pm until closing time   hopefully it will be a fun and easy night!"
"today is going to be my fifth night closing in a row, and working my seventh day in a row  1pm until closing time   monday is a day off which i will do absolutely nothing that day"
"working 1 pm until closing today   i'm not as happy as i should be, and some part of me is hoping work will make it better "
just bought a loaf of tomato <propmale> bread at panera  i have never been so excited to make sandwiches
"i'll be in my room, painting    homo things"
"is working from 6pm until closing tonight   i love that i have music to keep me entertained, but i need to get some new music because the shuffle is getting a bit over played"
is working 3pm until closing time   i am so excited for tomorrow and spending the day with my amazing boyfriend
it's hard to have a fun day when it's raining  sad 
"iron man 2 was an awesome movie, and i had an amazing day with my boyfriend!"
arabian nights tonight with my boyfriend and big sis!
"why must my actions have consequences?? working 6am - 3pm  had a wonderful past 2 days with my love, but did not get to sleep that much  sad "
i'm at my grandma's house and it's like 80 degrees and it's so effing hot
loves thursdays because that's the day she gets to spend with her amazing boyfriend?
"is working 3pm until 11pm today   oh, and 22 days until my 21st birthday!"
21 days until my 21st birthday   june 6th!  i'm pretty excited!
can't sleep yet  sad   my mind won't stop running long enough for me to relax and go to sleep
wants a vacation   
"yay for a work meeting at 11am, then picking up my boyfriend and spending the day with him?"
"had a fantastic time at the aquarium, and seeing an otter and dolphins!!  just got back from <propfirst> from eating at the mellow mushroom with my mom and new daddy "
thank you hbo for having the entire 6th season of sex and the city on demand 
"so, my 21st birthday is coming up in june 6th, and i'm thinking dinner at chilis   let me know if you want to go and i'll let you know the details!"
working tonight 3pm until closing in the front office with my bff <propfemale> in the back office!
is working today 2pm until closing time tonight   i have a feeling it's going to be a good night 
"don't worry about it, no matter how it looks    it still tastes the same  -waiter at carrabbas"
working today 12 smile 0 until 8 smile 0 today   hopefully today will be a good day
i'm so excited for my 21st birthday on sunday!!!
working 6 smile 0pm until closing   hopefully tonight will go be quick!
is in a weird mood 
"loved get him to the greek , it was hilarious!"
my 21st birthday is tomorrow!!
it's my birthday!!  thank you for all the birthday wishes so far   and remember tonight for those who are going 7pm!
"thank you for everybody who wished me a happy birthday today, and everybody who came to dinner  and thanks to my amazing boyfriend for spending the day with me"
working 1 smile 0pm until closing   please let tonight be a good night!
"<propfemale> posted that    i took it down immeidately as soon as i saw it   i apologize     <propfemale>, you are not okay lol"
working 3pm until closing tonight   had an awesome time yesterday with my boyfriend?
"working 10am until 7pm   i'm tired, and i hope i can make it through the day "
"booked the cruise!  on august 8th, my boyfriend and i will be on our way to the bahamas!"
got to see the boyfriend before work? working tonight 4pm until closing time 
at kobes with my boyfriend before we leave for home from tampa  smile 
"our server's name is \sweeeet tea\"" and our cook is named \""jet li\""  it's going to be a good meal"""
saw toy story 3 today before work with my sweetheart  working until closing time 
working saturday 10am until 7pm   i need to get into bed
i'm pretty sure i asked for today off  but i got scheduled working it anyways   
"going to see the comics of <propfemale> lately tonight with my big sis <propfemale>   and i'm feeling much better today, and i am so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend to take care of me last night?"
i'm thankful for chinese takeout  it never fails to be delicious 
40 days until the cruise   i am so excited!!!
"is working tonight from 4pm until closing time   i'm not too excited, but i did get to see my boyfriend today?"
"i wonder what percentage of people like me, don't actually want to be at eclipse, but are here anyways   "
<propfemale> smells like onions
working 9am until 7pm on the 4th  hopefully i can get out to see some fireworks!
it is dragging at work today  i need to get off soon!
working today 2pm until closing as the fec  hoping all goes well tonight
is so excited for her cruise in a month  august 8th can't come soon enough
saw predators tonight and it was so very good  i recommend that everyone see it immediately!
is working today from 11 until 7 smile 0 and i am feeling kind of blah today   i hope there are awesome people working to cheer me up 
<propfemale> is my favorite
had an amazing day with my amazing boyfriend for our two year together  i am so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend 
"hopefully it's an easy day today   picked up a 9-6 shift, fec "
had an amazing day yesterday with the boyfriend   and i am working 3pm until closing tonight
"had an awesome day yesterday at rock springs with <propfemale> and her kids  working until closing tonight, so i'm hoping it goes by fast "
"18 days until the cruise with my boyfriend, i'm so excited!!"
on my lunch break with <propfirst> at kelseys!
vagina
girls night tonight!  but i can't wait until tomorrow when i get to spend the day with my boyfriend?
"i'm tired of spiders, i have had 4 encounters within a 3 day period   i'm not happy   "
"nine days until the cruise, i am so excited, and so ready for an actual vacation!"
"5pm until closing tonight as a cashier, hoping i can make it these last 6 days!"
"working 9-4pm today, then two days off to spend with my boyfriend  smile "
"i ? monsters, inc "
"work today 6am-3pm, nap, then i'm finishing packing for the cruise  i just have to make it through today and tomorrow is the cruise with my boyfriend!! i'm so excited!"
"on my way to the port, even though it is raining nothing can bring down my excitement  be back thursday  smile "
back home! i had so much fun with my sweetheart?
picked up an 11-4 smile 0 shift today  i'm hoping it goes by fast
"going to church with my boyfriend today, then working 4pm until closing "
"working tonight 2pm untili closing time   we close at 9pm tonight, so hopefully i'll be out by 10pm  smile "
i can already tell i'm going to have a hard time getting out of bed tomorrow
"is sick, and does not want to go to work tonight   i did get really good sleep last night though "
i really want tonight to hurry up  i feel so miserable with this cold  sad 
"hanging with <propfemale>'s puppies, they're all sleeping and <propmale> is snoring lol"
"in class, hopefully it doesn't last until 9:50 like it's supposed to"
i have ucf silly bands!
i feel like i'm ready for another vacation already 
loved that i got to see my boyfriend tonight  smile 
it's a lazy study day today with class at 6pm 
watched the dark knight with my boyfriend   i'm so happy that i got to see him tonight ?
"working 2pm until closing tonight with <propmale>!!  i know what i am doing tonight, so hopefully everything will go right"
"work 9am until 6pm today  i am so tired, i do not prefer to work morning shifts "
had an awesome girl's night at applebees tonight!!
wants something exciting to happen
just got tickets for <propfirst> seinfeld!!!
at durangos with <propmale>!!
i want kobes so bad!
is working today from 10-6 smile 0  i'm really tired and i bet we're going to be really busy today  but i got to see my boyfriend last night  smile 
"is closing tonight, and i really hope it goes by fast"
cannot wait for the new season of house to start on monday!
"watching a how i met your mother marathon, not exactly how i planned to spend my evening, but it's probably the next best thing "
boyfriend time  love 
"what is wrong with customers today?? granted we work in the service industry, but we're people too "
i want to see easy a soooooo bad!!
working 3pm until closing tonight with <propfemale> <propfirst> si i'm pretty excited   hoping work goes better today than it did yesterday 
there's nothing like good music to make a bad day better
"dear world, when i wake up tomorrow, please be a better day "
baking a cake for united way!!
mr  riendeau is transferring to garden street   i don't want him to go  sad 
"i don't have to work until friday, but will be in tampa wed and thurs, so nothing i need to do is going to get done   "
"postsecret always makes me feel better, even if it just makes me feel less alone "
"had a decent 3 days off, now it's time to work again   3pm until closing tonight, and i'm not so excited "
got my flu shot on my break today!
"home from work, and i have to be back at 9am   i don't like mornings, but it's better then closing both weekend days"
"needs to go to bed, but i can't stop watching <propfemale> griffin !  completely worth it though lol"
just got back from seeing you again with miss <propfemale> <propmale> !!!
studying until work at 3pm 
"had an amazing night with my boyfriend, dinner at outback and saw easy a  i love him so much  smile "
"working tonight, 3pm until 8 smile 0 i believe   i'm really hoping time goes by fast, i'm pretty sure i have to study for something"
"working 3pm until closing tonight   i love closing tursday, friday, saturday and sunday! <end sarcasm>"
not closing tonight!! i believe i get off at 8 smile 0  smile 
"time to go to bed, i really need to study when i wake up "
"good morning, today seems like it's going to be a good day  smile "
i want to go to the zoo tomorrow 
"day off today, i got to sleep in without an alarm, and now i am going to do some relaxing and studying "
"working 10am-1pm for a dear friend of mine today, then a finance test at 2pm, and probably studying, relaxing, and missing my boyfriend for the rest of the day "
"working today from 11-4 smile 0  oh, and i have an hour break, it's one those shifts that just waste your time "
"test tomorrow morning at palm bay, i'm not looking forward to the drive "
"going to take that test now, going to get there early for some last minute studying   i've been kind of anxious lately and this isn't helping   "
"working 2pm until closing   yesterday sucked, i know today will be better though "
lost the happy  annoyed 
working today 3pm until closing time  at least i'm not closing tomorrow  smile 
had an amazing night last night with my amazing boyfriend ? work 10-6 smile 0 today and then <propmale> horror with some awesome people!
at the late night (early morning) double feature (<propmale> horror) picture show 
"had so much fun last night, <propmale> horror was awesome  now back to reality, working 3pm until closing time "
"going to the movies with <propfirst> and <propfemale>, seeing jackass!"
"don't be sad when the sun goes down, you'll wake up and i'm not around  i've got to go "
"day 3 of closing six nights in a row, i get to come in a bit late so i don't go over 40 hours  next friday will be so much better though  smile "
"i am so excited for tomorrow i get to spend the day with my wonderful boyfriend, and i get to see <propfirst> seinfeld again "
"at the house of blues with my sweetheart, waiting to see anberlin!"
"working today, 3pm until closing time  it probably won't be fun  sad "
something about november makes me feel lost
i just want to stay asleep until the week is over
"<propfirst> is my best friend, i like him almost as much as i like chipotle "
dinner and movies with <propmale>! i love him so much love 
"fin 3403 test today, and hoping to go see <propmale> potter tonight"
<propmale> potter was so good!
"baking a \high five\"" cake for <propfemale>'s birthday!"""
working 11-7pm event planning  come order some platters and turkey dinners!
"my lashes are dry, purple tears drops i cry   it don't have a price, loving you is <propfemale> pie "
i just heard a christmas song on the radio  i don't know how i feel about it yet
"my sleep schedule is screwed up, i'm just now crawling into bed  i'm not even that tired"
"working today 3pm until closing time  i can't wait until black friday shopping  i found this beautiful necklace, but too bad kohls isn't on my shopping plan "
"happy thanksgiving to everyone! i'm thankful for my amazing boyfriend, my friends, my family, and that publix is closed today  smile "
got the $298 tv from target!!! my black friday shopping is done because it can't get better than that 
"concert yesterday was good, long but good  i would have enjoyed it more if i had gotten more sleep, but yesterday the tv was more important than sleep  my ears are still ringing and i have to work at 3pm"
is in need of a smile  i'm going to bed hoping to wake up in a better mood  i was hoping postsecret would've put up the sunday secrets already 
it fits that it's raining
"i ordered a dress on 9-21-10, and it still hasn't shipped yet   "
"show your\support in fighting violence against children! change your facebook \profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  through monday dec  6th, there should be nohuman faces on facebook, but a nostalgic invasion of memories "
put that thing back where it came from or so help me!
banana is banana  son of a bitch
"send me a number to my inbox and i'll tell you how i feel about you    why not try this out, i'm honest lol"
625: you are a very lovely lady and always fun to be around  you always have a smile on your face and i'm glad you're my friend
"005: i haven't seen you in so long my friend! i'm not going to lie, i miss squidman, and all the randomness that you come along with "
"3: it's a bit weird when you go from seeing someone everyday and then not seeing them that much at all  i miss hanging out with you in class   and when(if) i get married, you'll be the only one allowed to call me <propfemale> <propmale>"
"7321: i really haven't <propmale> out with you all that much, but you're always so nice to me   it is appreciated especially since event planning is starting again for december so i'll be in the deli on weekends again "
"oh 204: you are definately my favorite of the gang   especially when you drive through medians   i love your jokes, but i miss not having you here at work! can i have a water for my otter?"
working 3pm until closing   it's too cold to leave the house though
exam at 7 smile 0 am   it's my last one  and i hate waking up so early when i am up this late 
"work at 6pm today, my whole day will be building up to that moment "
"this is it, working 6pm until closing time  i already can't wait until i get off "
"i hate being unhappy, i'm hoping work will make it better  i have the cool shift today 4-7 event planning, so i'll be hanging by the deli "
i think today should be bring your blanket to work day 
"it's like a bad dream, something from the back of a magazine  black and white and cheaply put together  like a slasher film, i'm torn in opposite directions   the plot sucks but the killings are gorgeous "
she never looked in the mirror  she never liked what she would see 
"i don't work until 6pm, i'm hoping to sleep in late"
i have 2 days off in a row and i don't know what to do with myself 
i really want a bagel with cream cheese right now 
"is going to finish up on christmas shopping today, heading to waterford lakes and perhaps a hollister because 40% off the whole store sounds good to me  then coming home and finishing this laundry   "
i spent more time and money shopping today than i should have   
"is this a moment to remember, or just a cold day in december?"
"work today 10-6, then going out for my dad's birthday "
the 29th needs to get here faster 
going to target with my big sis <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas!!  i hope everyone has a wonderful day ?
"watching a knight's tale with the family  hooray for new tv, and a ps3 to play blu-ray!"
"i don't know where all these clothes come from, i feel like i've been doing laundry for days"
at mellow mushroom with my boyfriend  i'm so happy he's home  smile 
i got a new phone! i'm so excited
i'm so excited for jersey shore!!!
i need to go to sleep but i can't stop watching criminal minds 
church today with my sweetheart and then closing the front office tonight 
"thank you zicam, without you today would not have been fun"
"i'm glad my classes are online, but i'm still not excited for this semester "
at the cheesecake factory celebrating two and a half years with my sweetheart  i love him so much love 
had an amazing night last night! working now until closing time 
"doctor doctor, you don't have to cure me "
"another good day at the east coast christian center,  and it will be a good day at work"
"working today, 10 smile 0 until 6pm   then i'm going to try to do a bit of studying"
"going to an <propmale> museum with <propfirst> today, and i'm hoping for some chipotle mexican grill when we're done"
had a good night last night with my sweetheart   i have the day off today so i'm going to get some studying done
studying all day for my test at six 
can't find the motivation to get out of bed 
baking cookies!!  love 
has the best boyfriend ever  love 
"taking a shift today 11-3pm, worst decision i've made in the past 24 hours"
merp 
at kelseys with my boyfriend for my break love 
"just got home from date night with my boyfriend  saw no strings attached, it was so good "
at disney for the day with my boyfriend and his family
at kobes with my love for a late <propfirst>'s day dinner  love 
working 10-6 smile 0pm  it doesn't  even feel like i slept last night  sad 
working tonight 2pm until closing time   it's going to be a good day 
i'm so excited for girl's night tonight after work!!
merp!
my jersey shore did not record last night  so now i have to wait until tonight to see it 
"on my way to see <propfemale> <propfemale>y with my boyfriend, sister <propfemale>, and her friend <propfemale>!!"
at seaworld with my wonderful boyfriend!!
amazing day today with my amazing boyfriend  love 
working today 2pm until 8pm   then getting to bed early so i can be back at work tomorrow at 6am 
i love mondays  at kobes with my sweetheart and then the movies 
working today   3pm until closing time   it should be a good day today 
hanging out with <propfirst>!!!!!
i  love  we the kings
waiting for anberlin to play  i'm pretty excited
zumba always makes the day better
working 2pm until closing tonight as fec  love 
"work today, 3pm until closing time  hopefully it goes by fast"
working 3pm until closing time  then my big 10am until 11pm shift tomorrow!
"big day today  working 10am-11pm, and i'm hoping it goes by fast"
i'm so excited for the next two days  i just have to wait for today to be over
had a surprisingly good day at work 
"cleaned out my car today, and getting my oil changed soon  i'm so excited for tonight"
"i hate it when people make it a family affair going to get an oil change, and don't bring anything to entertain the kids who are yelling and running around"
i need someone to cover my 5-8 cashier shift friday april 8th  it would be greatly appreciated 
had an amazing time at the house of blues tonight  yellowcard and all time low put on a good show
"thank you 45 <propfemale> of zumba for completely kicking my ass today, but in a good way "
driving home and there was a spider in my car  i hate spiders  sad 
studying all day for my test tomorrow   i hate studying when i know i have other things that need to be done too 
going to nest fest today with my wonderful boyfriend  love 
the drive was already completely worth it  i  love  <propfirst>'s mannequin 
studying until work at 2 smile 0pm  i can't wait until this semester is over
6 smile 0pm can't come soon enough 
going to see lady gaga tonight with <propfemale> <propmale>!!!  i'm so excited!!!
lady gaga put on such a good show  i will definately see her again 
opening this morning  i can't wait until 3pm so i can get off and sleep :  
just had sonnys with <propfemale> and <propfemale> for break  now back to work 
happy easter! hope everyone has a blessed day!
just baked a coca cola cake!
"good night last night with my sweetheart, now working 10 smile 0-2 smile 0 and studying for finals until bowling "
