3af745914d64d0a4b9894e6eea9b6011
say happy new year!!
i am going to texas next week  smile 
is ready to leave for texas tomorrow morning 
is in <propfirst> now 
is back in <propfemale>!
is going insane doing all her school work!!
has moved back to <propfirst> 
"has a new neice, she was born yesterday!"
misses all hra students in <propfemale>!
says <propfemale> christmas and happy holiday to everyone!!
has been sick this whole weekend  darn
"okay, i'll play along  it's doppelgänger week so change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) that you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with the photo, cut paste this to your status   i did the celebrity look alike thingy and it says i look 90 percent like her in the face   hey people i know i am so much fatter than her okay!"
"childrenwith\ special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not\ contagious  they want what we all want -- to be(loved and accepted  most\ people won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on\ your status for at least an hour? it's special education      week,       and\ this is in honor of all the kids "
got a new haircut today 
"is glad to be over food poisoning, but feels grumpy for some reason "
is overflowing with exhaustion!!!
"wonders why people have to put down others in order to make their selves feel better   especially someone's own mother   i know that is something i do not need to waste my energy on, just move and let it go "
is catching up on criminal minds   just watched the premier of season 6 and was crying like a baby   i love that show!!
i like it on top of the tv entertainment system!
is about to head out to my nieces 1st b-day party   i loves the baby!!! love 
it is funny how watching a tv show can make you catharsis   i am watching october road for the first time and can certainly relate to the show 
got only 2 hours of sleep again   this no sleep thing needs to stop!
is cleaning   hey not complaining because it could be worse as in not having a home to clean 
is excited to start her new job tomorrow sick of having no job or temp jobs 
had a decent day at my new job!
is thankful for the 4 day weekend getting to see all three nieces tomorrow woohoo and get to eat good food tomorrow as well 
happy turkey day everyone!!!  i hope it's a good day for you all 
needs a laugh tell me a joke   heck it can be at my e playful ense 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? tonot see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fightagainst child abuse, copy & paste to your status and inviteyour friends to do the <propfirst>"
wishes her mother would be an adult!!
"12345678910 you are an amazing girl who i truly miss and wished i lived near   you are also funny and a neat freak, but i need you to be a neat freak around me to keep me organized "
is ready for tomorrow to be over and is ready to <propfemale> out with my nieces on saturday 
needs a stone massage    stat!
