7cf33ed7e69e43ede3e241211ae96a7d
"happy new years everyone, i already got first flick of the year"
just shaved for the first time and didn't cut myself
"sleepy after all i did this weekend, hope i don't have to be awake tomorrow   "
just agree with the guy next to you  
"like these half days, always fun for me"
i just realized it is the weekend  time to catch up on sleep starting now!
"i gave up on trying to find out the truth, but it found me when i gave up"
bored and sleepy  or  sleepy and bored
just figured out it is easter  
being bored is boring  
saying sorry to people you acutally care about is much harder  
friday will be fun  if its not i will make it fun  
waiting  waiting  waiting   
i blame <propfemale> for getting wet  
just thinking about a few things  
friday! whats that? still thrusday? ok then  
"yay friday! won't be home for most of the day, yay!"
last night was fun haha  
hate fixing the house  
birthday party! oh  look at the time   too early to leave haha
what party?
"skateland was fun, found 25 cents in my skates!"
why am i always so tired  ?
thai tea?~
who knew we could still play tag  ?
less than three
"\what if?\"""""
"\what if\"" still holds it's true meaning"""
sometimes  its just worth it  
ice cold thai tea ?
"some people say that time is a healer, i disagree  "
weekend was fun  should do it again when i don't have a project due
if only there were no misunderstandings between us  
i'm going to the hospital but i don't know what for   
"sometimes the rain is relaxing, the thunder is a compliment to the rain along with the lightning  "
"remember kids, don't play around with sharp razors, like those used for shaving, you might accidentally cut off some hair you wish to keep   "
i'm really indecisive
doing hw  annoyed 
time   time   
dance  i almost forgot that was today if it wasn't for some people  
should i sleep or nap   hard choice   
"it is hard to e playful lain, i rather just show you"
who knows   
"there is always something to do, just look around"
tomorrow is another day  
i need to work soon  annoyed 
ah  no more work for today  now tomorrow  that is a different story  
??????????????????   
"yay <propfemale> soon, i get to forget about north <propfemale> and hickory, where there is nothing to see or do!"
"ugh  still in the car heading for maryland   <propfemale>, almost west <propfemale> now   annoyed "
the beach  smile 
tonight's texas hold em' game money balance: entered with 13$   few plays later ended with 5$   few plays after that $3  even more after that around $6   then after a few more plays ended with $14 75   in total i won $1 75  smile 
"hm   i went to <propfemale> with $30, and i left with $45   things are looking up  smile "
"learning is part of life, part of life is learning  "
its time to find out who is right  
let me think now  
i wonder what will happen
"i didn't know it was ok to put caffeine, guarana, and ginseng in a gum  "
natural selection?
? ~thai tea~ ?
"i keep looking back, only to find that nothing is there"
¥ ¥''
july 4th? what is so important about july 4th  ? i say we should have thai day!
"feels like vacation: a bunch of people speaking a language i don't  understand, in this case i do understand some of it because it is thai"
"sure it was just a dream, but it seems like it was real  ? either way it ended the same, everything unsolved "
driver's <propmale> today
still thinking   try asking me in a few years when i have forgotten who you are  smile 
what do i do when i have nothing to do  ? sleep all day  smile 
"finish<propmale> driver's <propmale> classes, got like 2 hours of sleep in class so i'm good  smile "
party all day  too bad i need to wake up early tomorrow  annoyed 
tired
i have my reasons 
got a new phone  smile 
i sometimes wish things were not as easy   oh well  
"movie today, it was good"
look around us   what do you think you see  
the operatiom is in progress  will it work? only time will tell  
woo! get to go to the beach again
going to the beach today   
i'm at the beach now and i want to go swiming  smile 
"plans never work out the way you intended, but sometimes that is just a good thing   "
i should stop playing poker for the rest of my vacation while i'm still even
"don't worry everyone, i'm ok  "
"i couldn't stay away from poker  i lost all of it   oh well, half of that money isn't mine and i can get some more money if i really needed some"
storm   
going back to hickory tomorrow  annoyed 
hmm  looks like there is more to learn about my past  i might start in england  maybe
wonder what's next
i'm still thinking   not sure if there is anything that will change that  playful 
first day of driving  how did i do? lets just say i'm lucky i didn't hit anyone or anything   
"1st semester---\\1  advanced orchestra\2  health & pe\3  earth environmental science cp\4  world history honors (?)\\2nd semester--\\1  advanced orchestra\2  algebra 1\3  career management\4  english 1 honors (?)"
driving in a few mins   
first day of school and already have homework  that i fell asleep doing
at school still waiting for the bus  annoyed 
i don't like waiting for this bus everyday  
"tennis      - -\"",2010-08-30 01 surprise 5:44""",7cf33ed7e69e43ede3e241211ae96a7d,things are looking up  smile 
already sleepy but my day just started   
 smile 
little distracted today  
meh  feel sick  
4th lunch  smile 
here we go again  
sleepy  fell asleep in 2nd and had a dream  smile  still sleepy  
too poor to even afford reduced school lunch  surprise 
i never realized how much i loved   the darkness  smile 
"bored, pe soon"
sleepy   wonder when can i sleep
"in science, sleepy and bored  wonder if i can sleep and still pass class  "
"not liking these kids on my bus   the same thing everyday, drama, gossip, hate, and people who can't control their emotions   might walk home one day  playful "
sleepy
   and so my adventure to be literate in thai begins   
bored  glad today is half day
my left hand   its happening again
little confused on what happened today   
"sleepy, tired, and bored  the combination that makes me want to sleep"
"when i came home, my house was 62°f  annoyed "
gum on me and then my bookbag  smells minty fresh but i think i'm forgetting something  smile 
i feel sick
hmm   company   
"weekend filled with fun, yay  smile "
someone stole my dollar   guess no lunch for another few weeks
"aah  i feel accomplished today, even though i failed   numb fingers, tumblers unmoved, and a bag filled with broken picks   i see this more as a learning e playful erience  "
i just noticed it was the 31st of october  
just waiting   november 7-12   and probably the next few months after that i will e playful eriment  heh  
"everytime i'm knocked down, i get back up stronger than before"
aaah   the mountains   brings back memories  
locks are just puzzles from my point of view
nothing is foolproof to a talented fool
noo  the pick broke
the lockpicker is back!!
i like getting 12 hours of sleep  smile 
??????????????  laugh 
i am now a creator
"ah  feels like new years already  but this time thai, not vietnamese"
"how do i end up in these situations  must be my luck\xo"
time flies when you're having fun  smile 
empty   
i'm half empty and half full
"fun day  laugh \\happy thanksgiving everyone"
been awake for 9hrs and now going to take a nap then sleep 
snow!!  laugh  its snowing haha ^ ^
haha  ahh  found something i was searching for  if only i found it sooner would i noticed how close it was to me
facing problems head on is sometimes good but i rather find an alternative route for others
i just noticed it was december  laugh 
can only see out of one eye right now and its about to go to zero    laugh 
"going to airport at 11pm, its been a while  smile "
bro is home
done with concert but i feel like i forgot something
three hour delay and what do i do?    sleep  smile 
the three hr delay turned into no school and what do i do?   sleep  smile 
hhs  i will rage on you when i get back  but that can wait for 2 more hours  
sometimes the isolation is not always so bad
i thought i would feel different but i feel the same xo
an almost relaxing birthday   
"happy christmas   ,,,  ,, ,____"
"the closet is underestimated these days in its field of usefulness  with the proper imagination it could be a room, bed room, closet, or and a storage room"
i'm a dreamer and i'm dreaming of those dreams
few months ago it was lock picking    now its video editing  laugh 
"tomorrow, i will create <propmale>"
"i did create <propmale>, but only i will know of it  it proves to be useful in creating more <propmale> haha "
april 2011 come fast please  
"the only time i'm not sleepy or tired we don't have school   oh well, time to go to work"
100 hours of gaming a day
looks like i have another reason to love the night  
this missing a few days of school thing is messing up my internal clock
"yep, internal clock is messed up  smile "
"weee sugar  laugh  it makes me really hyper but i shouldn't crash soon, i think it will happen around 1 or 3 ^^ going to run around like an idiot now, bye~"
out of energy x   sleeping time
i'm going to work all night - - r i p  sleep
i'm going to try to wake up 5 mins early  smile 
ughh   been playing this game for almost 6 hours straight  won't give up until i beat it even if it takes me 10 more hours > >
there is no such thing as sleep deprivation: i'm immune when it comes to games
11hrs    xo
haha listening to songs from the early 1930 to late 1940  now this  this is music
meh 
i've lost all ambition for worldly acclaim   
15 hours of sleep? looks like something was wrong with me
going to be editing a video for a week or so: don't assume i'm dead  yet
