390c0ffc9844a937f7a54c93eed1ce31
woo! happy new year!!
"my birthday is coming up  i should be looking forward to it, but i don't feel anythiong towards it  why should i be enthused about getting older?"
i'm turning 18 tomorrow  yay!
what the hell is twitter? o o
going to six flags and hoping <propfemale> gets to come along!
going to <propmale>'s pool to meet with <propfemale> 
i'm sick  dx
had an awesome weekend at sacanime and is drained   surprise 
i don't know what to think anymore  what the hell should i do with my life? i'm just confused at the moment 
"i've been having trouble sleeping and i've been getting mad easily  hormones or my new medication, wellbutrin? i wanna know the source of it all "
going to see 9 tonight!
is very excited! <propfirst>'s coming up to roseville to see me!  laugh dd
had a great week! but ever since he left i've been feeling a bit empty inside  
psha! christmas day and i'm stuck babysitting  i'm cuddling in my new chesire cat shirt and mah snuggly blanket  x3
i was able to watch good friends make fools of themselves  fun stuff! hehe  happy new years everyone!
oh noes! i'm becoming a narutard again  8o
i have the urge to siiing! where's the nearest karaoke bar!? x]
i'm waiting in my cold cell when the <propfemale> begins to chime  reflecting on my past life and it doesn't have much time 'cause at five o'clock they take me to the gallow's pole  the sands of time for me are running low  
just got back from hanging out with <propfirst> and adri  it was quite fun!  laugh d
had fun at denio's with <propfirst> and adri  comment mah pics?
theis day is going sooooo slow  - -
mc <propfirst> is stuck in my head  o o
i have officially caught dylon's cold  d;
i'm not sick anymore!! woot!  laugh d
would you like some moths with your <propfemale> food?
rockin' out to maximum the hormone  x3
rawr   smile 
plans on friday anyone?
ghazghkull mag uruk thraza!! x]
i feel like a moron  x]
i feel like a moron  ask me why!
"i wanna learn a new marial <propmale>  teach me, oh wise ones!!!! :b"
lemme draw on your pics! send me one and i'll make joo an alien!!  laugh 
it's been quite a while since i've been this angry  but dylon knows exactly how to anger the beast  >d
rawr?
who's going to sac-con on sunday?
needs to get out of the house  dylon is just too pissy   annoyed 
feeling lots better  thank you adri!!!
had to play operation on her 16 yr  old dog  success! bandadged and taped up without fail!
i had my last appointment with my psychiatrist this morning  hip hip hooray!
bnwvjsvhuwvberbvhnief ; 
new movies and ffxiii? thank you <propfirst> and <propfirst>!!  laugh d
today's a good day for yardwork   laugh 
he's a master of karate and friendship for everyone! dayman!~!!
it's nice to wake up with a house full of morons  so much fun  x]
"i never thought i would see a dog try to climb up a cat stand, but i stand corrected! <propfemale> is very stubborn for a 16 year old dog "
"i went to a job corp tour today  now if i pass the interview, i'll be able to get in there within 6 weeks!! washington ahoy!!"
"  i don't like it when random guys hit on me  i know you like what you see, but keep your comments to yo'self  x]"
"hey! i want som opinions over here  i want to go into cna, but i need 2 other jobs to look into  what do you think would be good for me?"
painting is a bitch to do  there's no way i'm becoming a painter   playful 
things are <propfemale> negative today  i just wanna beat the hate with a steel mallet  take that negative nancys!!!
"i just got <propfemale> in wonderland  go figure  and by the way    on the job corp thing, if anyone has any suggestions for me, i'd appreciate it lots "
i was having a tiring day until i started listening to reel big fish and save ferris  ska perks up anything! i  love  you ska!!!  laugh d
"i don't like you, guild wars  you make d's friends hog my computer  d<"
there are some weeird characters in tatsunoko animes   the game's pretty good though 
"getting nervous, but it's an excited nervous  any tips for tomorrow's interview?  laugh "
"i'm on the waiting list to go train in clearfield, utah "
can someone steal me away from auburn??
is having a ball with a perverse foreign film  hooray for killer condoms! lol
"there\s a whole colony of them!! run men!"""
"i've been waking up waay too early  every place i go, everyone's still asleep! lazy people   "
i came up with a great movie idea in my sleep!
for pony!!!
i don't like today  not at all   annoyed 
owowowow!! i made the mistake of dying my mom's hair without gloves  my fingers feel like the nail's falling off  yet i keep typing   dx
i found out today that my only grandparent has cancer  but i don't feel anything towards it   
i had a very funny conversation with my cousin <propfemale> today  i'm feeling a lot better than i was   laugh 
this weekend was pretty fun  i'm hoping the coming week will be too!
"im going to be truthful for 24 hours  you can ask anything (only in my inbox) and i will answer honestly, i dare you to put this as your status and see what you get !  smile "
"home alone again! it's kinda fun, that is, until dylon and <propfirst> come up to drink tonight  > >"
i'll be able to come down to roseville friday!
had so much fun friday! i feel like i'm becoming much better friends with adri and shaelyn  hopefully i'll be able to do something else next weekend   smile 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: caring  4: sarcastic  5: loveable   6: retarded  7: moody  8: special  9: spoiled  10: mouthy  11: random  12: hot  13: funny  14: fit  15: amazing  16: beautiful  17: cute  18: rude  19: strong  20:muscular 21:the awsomest person you ever met
anyone have any plans this weekend?
watching district 9
i haven't feeling all that well   annoyed 
the day is going good   smile 
taking my mom out to sizzler tonight  i hope everyone's having a good mother's day!
"rawr! i have 40 bucks that says \i can take you to roseville!\"" anyone wanna make plans?"""
nuuu! why did kakashi have to die!?!? d8
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence!"
"going to a home show today with uncle <propmale> and his family  personally, it kinda sounds like i'm babysitting on an outing, but i'd like to get out of the house   smile "
ick  my allergies are attacking me hard today  i dun like it 
getting the pool ready to swim in today 
"hahahah! <propfemale> looks like e t right about now  we had to wrap an ace bandage around her head so she wouldn't bloody up her ear, and the only bandage we had was 6 in  long  it's better than her going insane, but she looks hilarious!  laugh "
<(^-^)>
today has been a good day  ^-^
what do yew think of mah new pic? comments please! ^-^
"wooo! i'm going to adri's today  also, if you wanna contact me, my phone's being shut off the 23rd  weird <propmale> date   we need to change that "
rawr? ^-^
i'm in the final stages of being entered into the job corps program  yay me!  laugh 
eeew! i hate it when old guys try to hit on me  i got scurred today  dx
i'm sicky   annoyed 
barbeque today  laugh 
went to adri's and it was a blast! but i'm glad to be back home 
does anyone else know aboutany charges against mr  grove(rhs) for cruelty? i saw it on the news this morning and i wanna learn more about this   
"wooow, have i had a sucky day  dx"
fruity pebbles sounds really good right about now  :9
i'm going to a baby shower today-this'll be my 3rd   smile 
i don't understand why everyone's so pissy at me this morning  it's really depressing 
"if you \like\"" this status", i will post on \390c0ffc9844a937f7a54c93eed1ce31,what a morning! i woke up to find out my cat was lost  found her next to our neighbors yard hiding in a huge bush of flowers  dx
rawr!!!
woow my family has a lot of shit  going through our storage 
i am becoming addicted to jamba juice  there goes my money!  laugh 
i'm goin to adri's tomorrow!~  laugh 
our oldest dog is being put down today  it's hard to watch her suffer   sad 
the deed is done 
"we walk alone through this strange life, it can be so cold sometimes \just close your eyes and remember, if you search you just might find  "
wow  i've been such a narutard lately  should i get outta this? o o
   
i lieks to draaaw  joyful  and we have a new number  message me to get it!
going to the hospital in a few hours  <propfirst>'s having his surgery today 
everything's going hunky dory  i just wish it wasn't so damn hot!
"everyone keeps asking me what i want for my birthday, but i don\t know!"""
rawr!! hangin' out with the fam today  barbeque at <propfirst>'s tomorrow  and thanks everyone!!!
woo! i have the first two seasons of the mighty boosh now 
i had a great time yesterday at <propfirst>'s  it was good to <propfemale> out with the old gang   laugh 
another hot summer day is passing by  i need some excitement in my life   annoyed 
rockin' out to barracuda  x]
"overall, things have been good  it's been fun with <propfemale> and the boys   smile "
bazinga!
going to the state fair early tomorrow  x]
"thinking about trying out for american idol this year  that is, if i'm still here by then  which i'm pretty sure i will  either that or it's sacanime 2010  what do you guys think?"
anyone feel like going to the movies? i need out   laugh 
it turns out i'll be going to folsom lake this week instead 
"i'm pretty excited  i had a great time at folsom, got to talk to <propfirst>, finally have my first chapter up and i'm gonna <propfemale> out with some of my best friends tomorrow!  smile "
"i'm supposed to be outside, frolicking with everyone  but now all i can do is cry  "
forget it all 
i'm good  how's about you?
i'm gonna be seeing <propfemale> and her new baby soon   smile 
tell me people! do i look crazy to you?  laugh 
i'm getting fed up with the people around here  both of them are becoming lying hypocrites  i need to get away   
"i feel like playing some rockband 2 with friends  so, who has xbox live?"
what site can i go on to watch dinner for schmucks?
i have the pokemon theme stuck in my head 
maximum the hormone ftw
i needs help  o o
i sprained my ankle 
i can walk again! wooo!
wooo! i just heard back from job corps  they should be accepting me into the program within the next month or so  very happ about this   laugh d
wooo! i just heard back from job corps  they should be accepting me into the program within the next month or so  very happy about this   laugh d
"whenever you try to sneeze and you don't, an angel fakes an orgasm "
"the phone's getting turned back on tomorrow, amd my mom said she would make a special trip out to roseville for me  what do you guys wanna dooo??"
i should be coming down sunday  
plans are changing  not sure if i'll be able to go down anymore 
"schlag mich, baby, noch einmal!"
hangin out with <propfemale> and the kids on friday 
"\tweety tawt he taw a what?\""\",390c0ffc9844a937f7a54c93eed1ce31,"well,\i got no face and i'm here to say\come down and buy a used car today \for deals that are really gonna make you smiiiile! \ laugh "
who wants to take me to cheech & <propfirst>'s show at the legacy?  laugh 
i talk to turkeys that cross my path  x]
i feel like getting out of the house 
i'm pretty excited for the weekend  i hope everything goes as planned!!
anyone know where i can find some realistic cat ears?
what's the point of being friends with someone if they don't even bother to get to know you?
i like it on the table 
is having trouble finding inspiration 
i'm getting frustrated    
"if i can dress up for halloween this year, i'd like to be    the ice <propmale>!"
i made a french snail out of <propmale>   smile 
"i've been accepted to <propmale>, but my date to leave is pending  i'd like to see some old friends before i get it  so i'd like to plan something with all my friends  talk to me people!!!"
i love singing in the shower   laugh 
i had a nightmare about drowning with my loved ones and closest friends  what does that mean?
what's everyone doing for halloween?
"after watching it's effin' science, i wanna run across a non neutonian liquid "
i need a sewing machine 
"\like\"" my status and i'll tell you 1) what i learned about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) what color you remind me of  3)my first memory of you  4) what animal you remind me of  5) ask you something i've always wondered about you  6) my favorite thing about    you  7) i'll challenge you to repost this  [after i watch my naruto!  playful ]"""
the whole menard farm's coming up tonight  i'm looking forward to it 
please put this as your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) that has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2011 is that people understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are very terrifying and nearly always unstoppable  93% of people won't copy and past this  the other 7% sing in the shower 
i have foreign songs stuck in my head  anime music is becoming bittersweet for me 
 surprise 
i'm not good at sewing by hand  d;
owww  my cat just mauled the shit outta me  dx
utah has an opening! i'm going into job corps! i'm very excited   laugh d
it's official  i'm leaving on november 2nd  just got the call this morning  and finally the nerves are kicking in  o o
i believe either friday or saturday will be my last free day to <propfemale> out before i leave  please contact me if you want to see me before then so i know what to do and where to go 
i have a cellphone of my own now  you should message me and get it   laugh 
it's my last night in california  and i'm nervous as ever   but it'll work out just fine 
"life is pretty awesome right now  can't get online much, but i have good friends i consider family right here  success is coming my way people! oh, and i have a boyfriend now too  squeee!!!!! >\\\\\\<"
my brother is a douche 
grrr   i'm in a sour mood  it makes me regret coming back to california for winter break  dx
<propfemale> christmas!
grarrr! one week's already gone 
"wow, it's already been 2 weeks  clearfield, here i come!"
"things are well  there have been a few rough spots since i've been back, and things swerve off the path i have been wanting to take, but i think it's for the better  i certainly have been learning though! i have to think things through "
