550f25f70a36604290a58e6fb833e0e1
"thinks that june brings out the \ strange \"" in people """
"eeewww!!!! ( thanks, but no thanks, for the visual babe! ) gross!"
feels diconnected after leaving the cell phone at work  seperation anxiety???? who knows 
sampled a 5 hour energy shot     fell asleep two hours later  what gives?
fyi- ambidextrous- 1  able to use both hands with equal facility 2  unusually skillful; adroit 
"reminder: stressed spelled backwords spells \ desserts  \"" bring on the <propmale> & <propfirst>'s baby  now i really have an excuse!!"""
enjoying the beautiful summer night with margaritas on the patio  and of course the best garlic & <propmale> mashed potatoes ever!!  smile 
"maybe i should panic about tomorrow  or i'll just have another cup of coffee, go to bed and deal with it all as it comes  yep, that sounds like an awesome plan!!  smile "
"has had a <propmale> case of the \can't sleeps\"" and it's really starting to tick me off """
"can't wait for \ where the wild things are \"" to open """
has a smile imprinted on her heart   smile 
is enjoying the sound of absolutely nothing!!! silence is <propfemale> in a loud world   smile  and it pairs well with <propfemale> too!  smile 
time to make the coffee and listen to rest of the world complain about tired they are 
"time is a great teacheer, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils- <propfirst> <propmale> berlioz"
"boys all went to the drag strips, and i finally have a moment of peace with the sun still shining  wow!! i just don't know what the hell to do  oh well, maybe i'll clean something "
is going to get up early to watch the perseid meteor shower  win!
"vacation 1sts         on a boat   win!;   driving a boat   win!;   jet ski's   win!;   camping out on a boat   win!;    weekend without the kids ( seven years later )   win!   riding a jet ski with 10 gallons of gas strapped to my ass to and from the <propfemale>, with the sinking knowledge that i am now floating napalm   fail! (won't be volunteering for that job again, any time soon ) haha = awesome vacation! work   fail"
is thouroughly pissed off and annoyed!!!
compost happens!!!
"he who angers you, controls you "
"watching the same spider crawl up the wall, then fall, then crawl up the wall again for the last 20 <propfemale>  stupid arachnid, or metaphore for life???? hmmm     i think i can, i think i can   haha smile "
"welcomes fall with open arms, cozy sweatshirts, and warm blankets!! oh yeah and coffee   of course!  smile "
"*saying good-bye to the mind-numbing, soul-sucking, life-stealing, excrutiatingly painful day! **thank you master path, for once again stealing my will to live for 9 hours!! *slightly over-dramatized status update!  smile  **notes of sarcasm! haha!!!  smile  so glad it is over!!! (for me anyway!)"
it's the simple things    ya know!!  smile 
"a \jiffy\"" is an actual unit of measure for 1 100th of second!! be careful next time you use it   smile """
"\   we do not wash our pits in the pool of sacrid tears!  \"" master shi fu"""
artificial intelligence has nothing on natural stupidity!!
i am ready to see my breath outside!!! fall weather where <propmale> thou???
"paranormal activity was alright  not great, just alright! monsters vs  aliens, now that's a great flick!!  smile "
i'm pretty sure that all my buttons have been exhausted for the entire week  sometime next week they will be fully functional for pushing again 
why do raisins have to ruin so much of whats good in life?? wrinkley little buggers need to go shrivel up and die somewhere other than my trail mix!!
"got my first, and probably only, pair of armani pants today smile  and i'm not above saying that i got them for free from a nieghbors garage sale  haha  not bad for something i'll probably never wear "
"zoo, aquarium, bio~park, numerous train rides, and hundreds of silly animal pics = two very sleepy children, and two very sleepy parents  smile  why can't everyday be sunday? so much fun!!"
"\last thing i remember  i was running towards the door  \"""""
pizza 9 for dinner!!!  smile  thanks <propfirst> for letting me know that there's one right next door to me  smile  i never would have even noticed!!
is lovin' that hemi-cuda  smile 
there is no x  in espresso and no a in tomorrow  smile 
"can't remember the last time i walked 5mi smile  tired and sore, but well worth \making strides\"" for breast cancer research!! so many strong women!!"""
is way excited for our 60mph gusts of wind today and tomorrow  smile 
thinks that i may have found the one little straw that broke the camels back  sad 
"watched \family jewels\"" for the 1st time  absolutely hilariuos!! brought me to tears a few times    who would have ever thought <propfirst> simmons was so funny??"""
went from 26 to 18 tomato plants in less than 24 hours  sad  workin' hard to keep the rest happy  smile  but the wind and cold are not helping the situation  sad 
"wishes there were more red, and less purple, in a bag of skittles   "
"slowly erasing the last few weeks, one <propfemale> at a time   smile  thank you friday for finally showing up!!!"
"happy mommas day, to all you beautiful mommas  smile "
"enjoying an unsually quiet night in the city  on the back porch with a cup of <propfemale>, the old man, and the dog  smile  greatful for peaceful moments!!"
"what part of \sudden death\"" did you not understand??   """
"11 5 hours, 500+ people, and 85+ frappuuccinos, stand between me and a 4 day weekend   smile  wahoo!! i think i can   i think i can   i hope i can?"
here we go    i just really wish i could have a cup of coffe first  sad 
"9 hours later, and i can finally feel my face again    ouch  sad "
fightin' off the wa wa's   
"fun, fun     surprise )"
"aside from the pain and chipmunk cheeks, this has been a magnificent weekend  surprise ) to bad it's over!!"
smile  surprise )
spiders don't bother me  if fact i prefer them to any other creepy crawly  but that does not mean i want them in the shower with me at 3 smile 0 in the morning  sad 
"if i would have known that my store was going to be turned into a water park, with a wading pool and even a waterfall   i would have brought my swimsuit with me        poor planning on my part  sad "
"dear aps super-intendent, you suck!! sincerely, one pissed off mama!!"
"can you hear  can you hear it???   it's the winds of change!!!  smile    and it's about damn time, too  i was starting to get bored    smile "
"is tired and sore after cardio & plyometrics!! and totally unmotivated for shoulders, arms, and abs  sad    it's not really a day off, is it??"
"yay for new tires   smile  now when i take my hands off the wheel, i don't have to use my knees to keep the jeep straight  lol  surprise )"
focus     focus     just focus nang~it  smile 
mcalisters for dinner  mmmmm    then off to finally see ironman 2!! good times smile 
"i think the \caloric\"" gods are mad at  me because i ate a handful of goobers for breakfast sad  why else would a steaming pitcher of non-fat milk jump off the counter and pour down my leg??"""
"the boys found an extremely old horse shoe in the backyard with <propmale> nails still in place  told the boys to keep digging, and maybe they would find the horse that wore that shoe   smile "
you know whats worse than the lakers winning the championship?? having to listen to laker fans talk about winning the championship ughh   not looking forward to it  surprise (!!
"\i've never been to heaven   but i've been to oklahoma\"""""
"have you ever had one those days, where you have not only made your own life complete hell, but everyone else's lives around you, hell as well?? ummm    yeah that pretty much sums it up for me, my day, and everyone who has the misfortune of coming into contact with me today  i'm staying home now    lol  smile "
what a wonderful pre~dads day  spent the day & night with the fam @ cliffs  <propmale> is finally tall enough to ride the real rides smile  <propfemale> awesome riding the rattler with my boy   he's growing up so fast!!  surprise )
got <propmale> an ipod touch for dads day    surprise ) sad thing is   it's smarter than both of us  surprise (
sanity???
took the drive to moriarty for fireworks~major win  smile  burning the skin off my thumb with a friggin' sparkler~massive failure!   sad 
is looking forward to a day off tomorrow  surprise )     maybe?? hopefully  surprise )
goin' to get the boat!! wahoo    happy (way early) birthday pops  smile 
off to cochiti to play with the new toy smile  woohoo for days off!!  smile 
"we left with 4 people, 2 cars, 1 dog and boat  then came back with 4 people, 2 cars, 1 dog, and a boat   aside from a few minor hiccups (like forgetting the key to the boat) i'd say all went well  lol!! good times  smile "
fabulous night  smile 
"2 hours in, and <propfemale> is gone    hoping to hold on for 8 more work days until vacation officially starts!! i think i can   i think i can      surprise ("
has come to the conclusion that our resident poltergeist is from a cold weather climate!! lol   he she it becomes very bitchy in warm weather  haha  surprise )
"cannot e playful ress in words, how happy i am to see you, friday    if you only knew  surprise )"
<propmale> officially got the federal courthouse       wa   friggin   hoo man!!! i can hear the doors opening   now it's just a matter of getting through them before they slam shut again   lol   happy day!!
"four military cargo planes, each one surrounded by four f-16s each   hmm  a little un-nerving! oh well, i'm over it, on with the day  surprise )"
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes  had a great time with friends and family  and to my favorite teenager ever   thanks for the birthday brownies ( got up at 2 smile 0 am and ate half the pan    and had no guilt!!) and also for letting me be a part of your celebration   surprise )
"is \dealing with ambiguity\"""""
"tuesdays will never be the same  surprise (\sayin' goodbye to capt  <propmale>"
only a little more than 48 hours now  surprise )  getting harder and harder to contain my excitement!!  surprise )
"just about 24 hours away  surprise ) hoping for a smooth ride, for all, until that time comes!!"
is officially unavailable until further notice!!  surprise )
vacation is now officially over  surprise (
one <propfemale> away from a really good nights sleep  surprise )
"summer nights that are so cold, you need big comfy sweatshirt!! definately one of my favorite things in this world  surprise )"
"getting ready to enjoy this beautiful weather by curling up with fam and watching <propfemale> in wonderland, while making ourselves sick with loads of junk food!!      party on!!  surprise )"
"found a beautiful black kitten tonight  very lovable, and social  long hair w green eyes  going searching for its home tomorrow, but if i have no luck, anybody want a kitten?? i don't want to take to the shelter  surprise ( but i can't keep it  please ask around   she, i think, is absolutely adorable   surprise )"
wednesday      why are you such a cruel day??
is electric       surprise )
"that little edge is coming closer and closer, faster than e playful ected  surprise (    i'm so frustrated i could just kick someone      any vounteers??  surprise )"
m&m's    breakfast of champions!! lol
welcome to the jungle     surprise )
would like some sleep    please!! it's been a week now of an hour here and 15min there   maybe before the oompa loompas start invading my awake time?      because thats just not normal!!
has a black widow making a home in my windsheild wipers!!    or should i say had    she has now been relocated to the bank drive thru  surprise )
"finally saw inception  surprise ) my thoughts    it was the butler, in the conservatory, with the candlestick!!   lol  but in all seriousness   absolutely phenomenal movie     surprise )"
"football!!!! i don't care if it is the cowboys and the bengals (ugh), it's still football!! soooo excited      surprise )"
"why is it, that the 1st 6 hours fly by, but the last 5 hours drag on and on and on     ?  surprise ("
"you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him swim       surprise )"
and it begins    
here we go     
"when the world goes crazy, and everyone turns mad    when all else fails   indiana jones theme song, baby!! works every time    for what?? i don't know    it just does  surprise )"
had a awesome night with family and friends  surprise ) thank you to everybody who came for making this a wonderful b~day for the most wonderful husband in the world!!  surprise )
wishes people would just do things my way   lol   imagine how easy my life would be  surprise )
"why is it, when you go and do the really big grocery shopping trip, that you always end up hungry for something you don't have??"
really doesn't like <propfemale> crow!! but i really do love <propmale> springstein    random thought of the day i guess?
<propfemale>      ??
"would much rather be fishing  surprise ) or sleeping, or even scrubbing the toilet   and why does chick-fil-a's spicy salad dressing taste like bacon bits??  surprise (   ugh, i need a nap, i'm getting cranky!! lol   "
there is no charge for pure awesomeness!!
it's the final countdown!!  surprise  
"now that my keys don't weigh 5lbs anymore, i'm gonna lose my only key to the jeep   i just know it  surprise ("
8 hours to go   not really sure how to feel about that yet  surprise  
"good~bye journal center   surprise ( you have brought me 5 years of stress, sleepless nights, and tears of frustration    but more importantly you have brought me smiles, painstaking laughter, the best partners ever, and some of the most memorable moments of my life  surprise )   i will miss you!!  here's to learning how to baby step through the next wave of life!!"
"way to much fun for one night  thanks everyone, i really needed a night like tonight!! happy \early\"" birthday <propfemale>  surprise ) pics to come soon ;o)"""
it's 4 am     i have no where to go  why am i awake?? i guess old habits die hard   lol
so   my landlord decided to not pay the mortgage with rent money on the house we've been renting for 5 years     can we say foreclosure?? ugh    looks like we're having a moving party   anyone interested in attending?? lol   
"having a <propfemale> before bed surprise )    why, because it's been a long damn week, thats why!!"
"so my 80lb 1 2 pit, 1 2 husky, got her butt whooped by two much smaller, geriatric dogs and a 20lb cat  surprise ( my poor <propfemale> <propfirst>, such a lover, never a fighter!!"
ugh       on so many levels!
"pizza and beer fir dinner !! that could only mean 1 thing    football!! it's back  1st regular season game, saints & vikes! let the trash talkin' begin!! go bears  life is complete for 5 months  surprise ) lol  so friggin' exciting!!"
"after so many years of not being in school, i realized last night that i have no clue what a capital q looks like in cursive   lol  so much for helping with homework   "
"watching da bears  surprise ) hoping the d has an awesome game     for fans sake, and <propfirst> cutlers sake  o line looking really bad this year  surprise ( urlacher and the d looking good though  surprise )  hoping to whoop some cowgirl ass!!"
"oh yeah, baby!! big win for da bears!! cowgirls must have been a great lunch!! 2-0 start  cutler looked good, defense, awesome   again  just hoping for some changes on o-line  pack next mon night  gonna be a nail biter!!"
"you load 16 tons, what do you get?"
found a sun scorpion on the wall at my front door!! so cool  never seen one in the city before  taking him out to the west side tomorrow!  surprise )
"bears and packers tonight!! the tension between the old man and myself begins! one will be handed 1st loss of the season, the other goes home undefeated and at the top of the division! it also determines who gets to sleep on the couch!! i love football lol   go bears!"
"well, bears are now only undefeated team in nfc!! can't say we played the greatest game we ever played, but the pack sure helped us win with 152 yards in penalties!! a w is a w, right  i'll sure take it  lol go bears!!"
"is watching my 3 yr old practice his \street fighter\"" moves with a darth vadar mask on and a hockey stick  lol  gotta love boys!!"""
"gave into a sick, morbid curiosity and watched about 10min of jersey shore last night  time i will never get back!!  i am so ashamed    surprise ("
"both front and back lawns mowed, weeds whacked, and flowers prepped for winter  dogs bathed, dried and brushed!! balloons in the am  friends and some pool in the pm  then bears @ giants sunday night!! looks like i'll be enjoying my last wknd before going back to work  it's been a wonderful 5 wks off!  surprise )"
"they say  \if it seems to good to be true   it is\""\",550f25f70a36604290a58e6fb833e0e1,beautiful :•}
there's a polar bear in the fridge-i-d-daire  surprise )
happy monday  surprise (
"thanks to the jets and redskins   surprise ) you guys just handed the bears sole possesion of the nfc north  surprise )  it's only wk 5 and it doesn't mean much yet, as any bear fan can tell you   but thanks anyway     surprise ) da bears"
thinks that some people need to just stay out of my way!! especially the stupid ones   and the selfish ones   i think that would be the best for all  surprise )
"found a spider in my sugar bowl this morning  i gently scooped it out and transfered him carefully to the backyard  found a black widow tonight in my garage  i gently grabbed the bug spray and carefully transfered her to spider heaven   sorry widows, spiders don't bother, but you are no spider   you are black death in my house   ugh!!"
is a proud mama of one ninja and a mini police officer  surprise ) so cute!! e playful ect pictures to come after halloween  surprise )
wahoo for thursdays that act like fridays !!!!  surprise )
dragons   woohooo    
time for this ol' lady to hit the sack!! sucks getting older  surprise ( lol   goodnight world!!
want instant regression?? just add bubble wrap!
"so, my husband decided to create a potato cannon last night and had the boys out till  1030 in the cold playing with it    sometimes i wonder why i am the only one in my house that actually grows older   lol  smile "
"there have been three 11 yr old girls hanging out around my house for the last 3 days, waiting for <propmale>     would it be wrong if i smacked 'em around a little?? and why am i the only one that is bothered by this?? ugh    i am not ready for this!!"
it's not that hard to be kind!!  surprise )
my focus needs focus : )
"so, after 7 years together, <propmale> and i finally decided to get hitched  and here we are, 45 dollars, a justice of the peace and 5 years later  happy 5th anniversary to the one person in this world who knows me, inside and out, better than anyone and still loves me  smile     at least he says he does    lol"
"back from an absolutely wonderful, relaxing, and much needed taos northern new mexico retreat, of sorts   surprise ) stayed in the best little b&b that a private rooftop deck and hot tub  champagne and hot tub in 12 degree weather  then running down stairs to warm up by the fire   surprise ) absolutley wonderful  wanted to stay forever!!"
back to life      back to reality?
"enjoying a magnificent cup of christmas blend espresso roast before bed  surprise ) oh the <propfemale> of it all  it's the little things, right?  surprise )"
"needs a shot of coffee in my baileys tonight!! yah, something like that  "
"if the government can toy around with the idea of printing 600 billion us dollars to dump back into the american economy, even though it'll weaken the us dollar, why can't i?? i promise i'll buy american made  surprise )"
"have to be up in a few hours for work, but can't sleep  surprise ( i have a headache, heartburn, and the munchies! remedy      ibuprofen, tums, and tomorrows apple pie  surprise ) gotta love your 30's!!"
burr  
bumbles bounce!!! bet ya didn't know that  surprise )
dinner and potter with mom!! good times  surprise )
3 day weekend    woohoo    root canal at 7am tomorrow   not so woohoo  surprise (
root canal is done and picked up the new oven (woohoo)  even got a nap in!! feels like an eventful day off oh how i have missed the smell of something in the oven!! now just need to decide between what to bake   surprise )
"it's 10 o'clock on a friday night, and everyone is asleep!! guess i'll spend my evening with <propfirst> pesci, <propmale> macchio, and a glass of wine!!  surprise )"
there's something magical about this holiday season  surprise ) so many things to be grateful for!!
"had a dream that the bears beat the patriots in a huge game  is it a sign of things to come?? bears patriots superbowl?? or maybe, as freud would say, it's wish fullfilment   or maybe it says that i have no life and take football way to seriously    lol   what i am sure of      this sundays game is stressing me out    lol  "
there's only one thing better than ka-chow      ska-doosh!!  surprise )
"the entire fam's playin' hookie from all responsibility tomorrow!! so that means drink in hand, chipmunks christmas in the stereo, and tree decorating tonight! woohoo   surprise )"
patiently waiting for snow  surprise )
"is e playful erimenting with capsaicin as migrane prevention  haven't had one since i bought a jar of pepperoncinis, and have consumed them daily  who knows, maybe lsd isn't the only answer   haha  a pepperoncini a day keeps the migraine away  lol "
"is a cookie decorating fool   30 down, 40 to go   a big thanks to the two most imaginative kids who have helped me to see that when it's a cookie, red trees, blue snowmen, and green <propfemale> canes are cool    lol  "
mission accomplished!!
"saying good~bye to work for 6 whole days!!  surprise ) it's been 6 years since i was able to be \home for the holidays\""  surprise )  and i'm gonna love every minute of it!!"""
"already finished the baking, most of the wrapping, and braved wal-mart   surprise ( now with coffee in hand and boxing gloves off, i am ready for the mall on christmas <propfemale>  it's best if people just stay away from me    lol  hopefully i can go to bed when i'm done   surprise )"
needs to be wrung out really well and then <propmale> out to dry by morning!
you are never promised tomorrow  remember that today!
the journey of a 1000 <propmale> begins with one step     right outside my front door!! imagine that  surprise )
"it's now set!! the bears will host the seachickens next week in soldier field   surprise )!! kinda wish the pack was knocked out of the playoffs, but at least they play the falcons before we do!! they'll be great guinea pigs! lol   i love the playoffs!!"
got called a stinky devil by a customer at work today! just when you think you've heard it all     you haven't   lol  people frighten me sometimes   
"isn't quite sure what the \big deal\"" happens to be  i don't feel like the stars have stripped my identity ;o)"""
"bears packers   nfc championship at soldier field  oldest rivalry in the nfl, only 2nd time in history    can we say party at the wildes?? who cares about the superbowl     this is gonna be momentus    surprise )"
"thinks every adult should slide down a slide, or swing on a swing after a stressful week  surprise )  thanks to my boys for helping me remember that today!!  surprise )"
"lookin' pretty ugly     time to start drinkin'!! ughhh, so hard to be a bears fan  "
"steelers and packers, huh? is there any possible way that both teams can lose!!!!"
you know the day has endless possibilities when it starts with an oreo cookie  smile 
has been carving away at white chocolate for hours now   surprise ( whos bright fricken idea was it to make a wii out of chocolate in the 1st place??
the cake is finally finished!! with 3 hrs to spare  surprise ) happy #9 to the most wonderful son in the world   woohoo 
"so the party was a success, i think    still don't know how a wii party turned into word war lll with nerf guns, but hey, everyone seemed to have a good time  surprise )"
lil smokies   check  chips & queso stuff   check  cheese balls to launch @ my packer fan (ugh) husband   check  i think i'm ready!!
"since when did superbowl sunday turn into <propfirst> night?? why is there a red carpet?? and why is <propfemale> aniston throwing passes to strahan?? i'm so confused     i just want real football, please!!"
"congrats packer fans  great game  glad to see the lombardi trophy back in the nfc north     the closer to chicago, the better   easier to take away next year     if there is a \next year\""   lol"""
red sky in the morning     
i seem to have misplaced my zzzzzz's  surprise (
adults     who says you have to act like one??
baby steppin' my way through the day  surprise  
mmmmm   turtles  surprise )
i could really go for something deep fried right now!  surprise )
"\  and his enemies would go blind from over- e playful osure to pure awesomeness   \""  surprise )"""
my brain is gone  gone i tell you  surprise (
"may have had one too many, but still had a wonderful time tonight   surprise )"
"people watching in the wal-mart parking lot  scary!   entertaining, but scary!"
tip of the day    don't try and play golf with a baseball bat    it gets ugly!!
7 day weekend     oh ya!!
ouch!! stupid detail     surprise )
"14 hours straight on a firetruck cake    i'm done    not literally, but definately mentally and physically!!  surprise )"
"happy 4th b~day to my little man    both boys are now a year older, and i have 11 months until it starts over again    surprise )"
"girl scout cookie day!! my entire day is devoted to thin mints, tag-a-longs, and samoas  oh my!  surprise )"
stupid itunes is gettin me in trouble again  even when they're all only  69 cents     surprise (
happy fat tuesday  indulge and enjoy!!  surprise )
is it wrong to laugh at other peoples stupidity??
with honors even     surprise ) 17 yrs later  haha
i just don't wanna!
mondays suck  surprise (
has a nasty case of the ugly 'what ifs'  surprise (
feels like taking the midnight train going anywhere  surprise )
who would've thought that two spiders and a money tree would make that much of difference?
saturday    i am now willing to embrace you with all my being  surprise )  the 1st 6 hours didn't count!!
"have \if i only had a brain\"" stuck in my head  happens everytime i'm at work   coincidence??"""
\sing     even if you don't know the words \,550f25f70a36604290a58e6fb833e0e1,and       it's finally over  hello beautiful bed!  surprise )
is raising a glass to every soldier who has been fighting the war on terrorism  to the troops who actually killed him  to all the families and victims of 9 11  and to all the heroes of that fateful day  osama bin laden is dead!!
"12 years ago on this day, i started dating my now husband!! can't believe how fast time flies when ur having fun  surprise )"
