a3b0ae4274a50245389d6687415bfd7e
was actually conscious for new year 
"downloaded a computer background for the first time in my life, it was moderately fun "
eating corrupted pizza 
reading <propfemale> bwahahaha!!!
"\keep your government hands off my medicare \"" -- anti-healthcare protester"""
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww on facebook
hello? can u people read this? hows this stupid thing work? this social networking stuff is melting my brain
socrates was a badass 
"if anyone gets a weird message from me, don't open it, it's some weird virus thing  anyone who did open it message me, i got a way to get rid of it "
i'm your only friend i'm not your only friend but i'm a little glowing friend but really i'm not actually your friend but i am
goodnight!
good morning world!
college is a conspiracy 
my dendrites are on fire!
zomg5daystilreunionofsuperfriends!!!! wahhhhhhhhhhhhh
trimming my toenails
is looking exceptionally ugly today
picking my nose
decided to read some more <propfirst> <propfemale>    now i'm scared again 
when you don't sleep for 27 hours things start mooooooovviiiiiiiiinngggggg                 
"\the only thing that interferes with my learning is my education \"" story of my life """
wants socrates at his next birthday party  plato can come too i guess 
is actually wearing a shirt with something printed on it  isn't that awesome?
"truth, justice, and proxy servers will forever be victorious over megavideo "
why does music sound better without the itunes equalizer?
just had rocket poo 
fuck comcast
insomnia ftw!!
"\perhaps i know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter \"" - friedrich nietzsche"""
just got a ps3  life is good 
fuck facebugs!
"lol wtf just pwn pvp with dbs, w00t"
"you know    if you try really hard, there are actually 27 hours in a day "
hot dog + chili + bacon + onions = masterpiece 
everything i say is a double entendre 
"my armpits were soooooo stinky that even after taking a shower and washing them, they still smell  how about that?"
pop goes the weasel = wop goes the peasel 
why don't you make like a banana and shit!!
wow    no one on at 4am today    i'm so sad 
"fuck the dsm-iv, i wanna have apd!"
"half done with 8 <propfemale> shitshit, it's like a final boss where the pre-final boss is harder than the real one and the real one has 2 heads where one likes physics and the other doesn't believe anything ever  i bet no one has any idea what the hell this means "
"face it snake, once you're farting, you're always farting "
"has discovered his most powerful attack yet, smellwave "
i always forget my witty and insightful comments whenever i actually feel like posting something  so sad 
microwaved-synthetic-mega-barbecue-shitty-ass-radioactive-chicken is going to kill me 
i am space wizard!
"just sitting around, with my ass, up my ass "
"\beware of all enterprises that require new clothes \""~ <propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau"""
there ain't no rest for the wicked   
where's mah <propfemale>?!?!?
just had a brilliant idea: changing my below picture text box thingy to the status i never wanted to change    so i can post statuses again! this is great!
i just want to wish <propmale> cheney a very happy birthday 
"can't get my brain in gear, somebody help me "
"i had the opportunity to punch 3 people today, but there was nobody in the immediate vicinity that deserved punching   "
"i had my biyearly dose of caffeine today, but am still yawning    how the hell does that work?"
trying to not kill natakus is harder than it looks   
"i have an armhair that's almost 2 inches long, i just measured it    and am perplexed as to why it is 5x longer than all the other hairs on my arm  i am also strangely proud "
"decided that my facebook status is more useful as a personal journal, because i doubt anybody actually reads it "
totally realized that i just put shit in its place 
decided british sitcoms are awesome 
damn tired of the fat smoking slacker retard mutants at c o d  they need to learn to be human 
playin frickin pikmin again 
decided 
"holy shit  friday special of house, this week is twice as great now "
omnomaly: something that is effectively uneatable 
zomg earthquakes in illinois?!?!? quick! blame the obama administration!
discovered a new drug  it's called lost 
my earbuds will soon die  who wants to give me new ones?
god  stumbleupon is more fun than is possibly possible 
this is what happens when <propfirst> trebek has a picture of a giraffe up his ass during an earthquake!!!!
zomfg finally found a mmo that i like! holy goddammit!
all mes are very sick of categorical propositions 
should really be sleeping 
"whatever you do, don't mention the war "
meet <propfirst> ensor!
has officially decided that chess is awesome 
yay for 10% extraversion!
the sheer destructive power of smellwave is truly a thing to be feared   
fuck chess titans!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"for relaxing times, make it suntory time "
my <propfemale> is 100 mbps? really? something tells me that with that much bandwidth i should be able to use my fucking internet 
my perpetual case of brain-fog is getting worse   
beard <propmale> barbasol!
"decided to make instant mashed potatoes, but halfway through discovered i had no milk  i instead substituted 1 2 cup of milk with 1 2 stick of butter    these potatoes are delicious "
just busted my beard    with beard <propmale> barbasol!!!
holy shit fog  gonna go take my magical bear companion and e playful lore tv land before someone dies 
there's nothing like trying to finish an assignment before your brain stops thinking 
good morning everybody!
playing kingdom hearts again    this fun is immense 
so i was debating whether to have cookies and milk or a milkshake for desert when it hit me    why not cookies and milkshake!?
"was incredibly out of it today, hope my brain comes back tomorrow  that would be nice "
"decided to study farmville a bit, looks like cheap harvest <propfemale> rip-off with the slight bonus of being sort of multiplayer in a way  my verdict? the game is more fun than watching grass grow, but less fun than eating  a lot less fun  eating rulez "
"seems like every time i take a dump, my laptop touchpad stops working  why is that?"
hot sauce + lasagna = delicious 
i must agree with <propfirst> crane: reeses peanut butter cups do make you feel good    they don't help you sleep however 
where is my legendary cosmic blade??? and where the hell did this snow come from??? blaahahewjioawjdjfiaijfmaklcmvkalsdilfjaldj
can't    grind    fast    enough   
just realized that i can totally become a fan of bands i like on here 
"what did i get for my birthday you ask? a massive, tedious assignment for logic class  wonderful "
videogames based on the work of influential swiss psychiatrists are the best!
word of the day: enantiodromia 
"i had a good status to post, but i forgot it "
no kut-ku in mh3??? wtf is this?!?!?!?!!?
"my armpits smell like burning rubber, no joke "
"heard an excellent e playful ression today: \beating my head against change relic\""    this phrase has never applied more to my life """
"wonders if anyone actually reads my statuses besides my brother    10$ says he \likes\"" this """
"ehhhhhhhhhh, sleeping = too difficult  i need something really boring, but everythings interesting right now  blah "
we lost the game   
"there are seriously not enough hours in a day, someone needs to petition the universe for more "
holy shit  my computer is    fast again 
"just went up in the treefort again, it's green with mildew and half the supports fell out    it can now officially be called \old\"" and \""ridiculously unsafe\"" """
"fucking videogames need to fucking stop having 1 fucking tnl, its so fucking annoying fucking fuck!"
"i have been playing videogames for about 24 hours straight, since 4 o'clock yesterday  i will now attempt to sleep  goodnight "
"toasted peanut butter and chocolate chip sandwich, anyone?"
amazing  i am now popular enough on facebook to have random people(?) friend me and try and get my money 
is hunting monster 
goin' to j d p  wednesday's 
"3 cheers for the dude who might get 20 years for getting into palin's email, may he be jailed in a blaze of <propfemale>   "
"wow, way to take the individuality out of my profile facebook  fuck you, i spent a lot of time writing that masterfully-crafted-description-of-myself-that-n surprise ne-ever-read "
"just figured out every unsolved philosophical problem on wikipedia  take that, people-with-degrees "
gonna hunt jaylenosaurus-rex just as soon as i get a fucking plate 
"whoever agrees that my office character should be \legs\"" please like this """
i should be allowed to glue my poster 
a little part of me died today  it was eaten by a saber-toothed asshole 
"\you can only be young once  but you can always be immature \"" - <propmale> <propmale>"""
"on the first day of being sick, i felt like shit  on the second day, i felt like 2 shits  it is currently the third day, and i feel like 3 shits now  by the end of the week, i will feel like 7 whole shits  wow "
i have lost the motivation to get motivated about motivating 
the dude abides 
"i have a ps3 controller working on my computer, and am playing morrowind with it  s'right bitches-without-ps3-controllers-on-their-pcs "
just made a toasted quadruple decker peanut butter sandwhich 
just spent all night destroying children 
still despises fanciness 
decided i'm going to be the best ever 
let's all play a fun game: guess how many ps2s i have 
they think they finally found schrodinger's cat! whoopee!!!
"my profile pic    is an actual photo of me for the first time ever! no worries though, i'll go back to god*jesus as soon as everyone sees how awesome my new bike is "
just had a chunky burp 
"know what i did for the 4th? ate a pita burger with onions, hummus, yogurt, and cilantro inside  it almost caused an overt e playful losion "
"just had the startling revelation that i can actually \like\"" things that i like on here!"""
"\going to church doesn't make you a christian any more than going to the garage makes you a car \"" - <propfirst> j  <propfirst>"""
"gamesplosion, activate!!"
fiber bars and burritos in the same day? this could get exciting   
am i questing for dragon? or is dragon questing for me   
"luck is stoopid, whuiajejaidsjfklajsld;fk;lasd!!!!"
"pulling another all nighter, and i can't wait for the hallucinations to start "
hates blue colored bird-gargoyle shenanigans 
"on mars, everyone drives like a <propmale> "
"in my long absence from playing it, i have become absurdly good at minesweeper "
is pretty sure that square has completely forgotten what makes videogames fun 
vegeta iz in mah supermarket!
"rock and roll mcdoooonalds, rock and roll mcdooooonalds, rock and roll mcdoooooooooonalds, rock and roll mcdoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonalds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
chrono trigger = best game ever 
overweight baby brigade = worst game ever 
can't wait for the social unrest to start!
"\bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch!\"" - my brother"""
"damn humans, killing all my pleistocene megafauna "
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo facebook is gonna stop supporting profile boxes from applications!! i won't be a kut-ku whose office character is legs anymore!! what will my identity become???? fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!
oleg's legacy lives on in his house's 12 trillion gigawatt driveway lights and its ability to knock out my power using only air conditioning units 
theres nothing like digging a six foot hole through compacted <propmale> and broken cinder blocks when you haven't slept in a full day and didn't put on any deodorant that morning  i got 10$ though    for gas money 
"r i p  atlus, your ability to actually make something worthy of being called a videogame will be missed "
"i am ready for chicago, but is chicago ready for me? my guess is no "
"compared to chicago, wheaton just feels evil "
loves it when hackers start changing his registry values without his permission 
loling is fun!
good to know that 7-11 is as weird as ever 
"ok i lied on my last status, but only to say that minecraft is super awesome and everyone should play it forever "
"accidentally left the ice cream out and felt bad about throwing it away, deciding it would be better to just eat the whole carton  bad idea "
"i had a status, but i eated it "
my happiness has a direct correlation to the number of games-that-i-really-didn't-think-were-gonna-get-ported that are actually getting ported  man yeah 
"if anyone can figure out what my profile pic is, i shall give them some kind of prize  good luck mortals "
can't    escape    painting   
you must crease intelligently!!!
"survived falling off a ladder today by ninja jumping on top of a grill  in case you were wondering, it was awesome "
"wants a monitor in his monitor so he can game while he games \\meaning i want another monitor so i can just play minecraft constantly, who wants to give me one?"
"concrete is heavy, and stupid "
why is the day before halloween so much more awesome than halloween this year?
"very angry for 2 reasons: 1  coconuts are not actually sweet, and 2  i can't set \awesomeville\"" or \""land of lexus\"" as my hometown on here  today was not a good day """
looking for biomes now 
is a socialist for halloween this year 
go vote you bozos 
is over 9000 
being drive-by malwared has inadvertently fixed my computer by screwing up my hard disk so much that chkdsk auto ran itself and corrected all the logical errors that have been making my computer run slow as dead molasses  thanks security tool!
is the goddamn batman 
"mmmm, cinnamon toast crunch with eggnog instead of milk   \\i should be so fat "
"a call of duty: black ops edition    jeep  a fucking jeep  like, the car, jeep  it's a normal jeep, but its black    instead of the, uh, black you could get a jeep in  what  the  fuck  i don't know if it's the relative sameness of a black ops jeep to a normal jeep, or the absurd marketability of call of duty, but something about this scenario is making me extremely mad "
"liked the green beans more than the turkey this year, which illustrates just how sick i am of meat "
why does the universe conspire to keep me from getting farther in rayman 2??? whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?????????
fixed my mouse by busting it in half and throwing it across the room  magical 
"looked outside and said \aww fuck!\"""""
comcast needs to stop coming up with stupid adjectives to describe itself and give me my internetz nao!!!!1
needs an external hard drive before vista hits critical mass 
   what the shit riot?
has the strange urge to stock up on pre-beta minecraft gift codes   
"first tourette's guy comes back, and now minecraft enters beta?? christmas has been totally eclipsed this year "
"r i p pup, you will be missed "
buy 2 get 1 free on ps2 games? best  christmas  evar 
i think <propfemale> claus might qualify as a bed intruder  be careful everyone 
furnace is broken  fml 
"finally all moved into my new room  fare thee well, brother "
desk space ftw 
my new years resolution is to come up with a new years resolution for next new years  go me 
if anyone was wondering what happened to all the birds and fish in arkansas    it was meeeeeeee!!!!!
i should be the only person allowed to have double standards 
"hey facebook! i thought the new profile was going to suck, but i think it's actually better than the old one  too bad i still hate you "
is crafting while he mines 
laptop modification complete!
"iggy j  will officially be my rapper name if, by <propmale>, i ever become a rapper "
play with ascii or get a <propmale>    worst ultimatum ever 
"first haircut in over 2 years, how exciting "
has    run out of cobblestone   
update: i have replenished my stores of cobblestone by deciding to grow a <propmale> in my basement 
had forgotten how great not-wheaton is 
"for the first time in my life, i have been overcome by irony  well played, universe "
has posted the first gem in a long line of conversations consisting of me being unbearably mean to people on omegle 
"had a dream that nixon came back to life and implemented a negative income tax structure, i was a secret agent hiding out in a trash can that fought russians "
wow  skyrim is looking less like oblivion and more like a videogame  i'm impressed 
give me card let purchase computer now 
watching watson roflstomp jeopardy is way too entertaining 
"new computer is on the way, and for the technically inclined   \\case - coolermaster haf 932 full tower gaming case\processor - intel® core i7 960 processor (4x 3 20ghz 8mb l3 cache)\memory - 6 gb [2 gb x3] ddr3-1600\video card - nvidia geforce gtx 560 ti - 2gb\motherboard - [sli] asus p6x5 laugh -e\hard drive - 640 gb hard drive -- 64m cache, 7200 rpm, 6 0gb s"
snow??? again????? blajldfakdjfajoirjweawoetiuojamdsadfj;!1a!!
i am the modren man 
<propfirst> sheen 2012 
"laptop is feeling slightly better, still has 1 foot in the grave though  and yes, my computer has feet "
how do you drown a skeleton? we just don't know 
using butter as a milk substitute again   
"so many videogames i want to play, so few computers capable of doing so   "
has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
ship my damn computer already 
turns out i'm part french and not part <propmale>  my whole life has been one big lieeeeee!!!
"how wonderful! my computer actually decided to work halfway decently today, probably because of all the birthday wishes i got  i should have one of these every day and see if that fixes it "
the dmv is still the stupidest place on earth 
headdesk: for when facepalm just isn't enough 
it shipped! w0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000t!
i'm now bringing spiders into my room to try and get rid of all these stupid ants  it's gonna be goddamn jumanji in here pretty soon 
"cosmos on hulu, there goes my day "
i  fucking  hate  microsoft 
"i love the new 1,700$ view from my laptop "
"maximum frustration threshold has been reached  fuck 3 kinds of windows, misleading ethernet ports, horrendously bad resolution, hardware drivers, back ordered peripherals, cords that are always in my way, program incompatibility, password resets, ants, and my own stupidity  i'm gonna go take a cold shower  good night "
