74bfbd02e59cf84080e99ae4c4f1a185
happy new years <propfemale> people  =}
happy new year
"gonna be okay, gonna be okay, one day, one day, that day never came, that day never comes, i'm not letting go, i keep hanging on, everyone says that time heals the pain, i've been waiting forever, that day never came!"
"sleepy, but can fall asleep  want sleep, need sleep!"
<propfemale> <propfemale>! what is stuff so funny when you're sleepy?
sry guys i ment: why is stuff so funny when you're sleepy?
<propmale> potter!!!! i can't wait for it!
"he pointed the wand very carefully into the boy's face: he wanted to see it happen, the destruction of this one, ine playful licable danger  the child began to cry: it had seen that he was not <propfirst>  he did not like it crying, he never been able to stomach the s"
i'm an offical member of s p e w  hahaha!!!
<propmale> potter less than a week  midnight movie
hagrid annoyed piders are really misunderstood creatures  its something to do with the eyes  harry surprise r it could be the pinchers
is watching the first <propmale> potter movie 
thinks <propfemale> phreed is awesome!  love 
sleepy sleepy
ok i need help  should i get color braces or braces that could take a few month off of the time i need them and will be less pain full? i don't know what to get!  sad 
"just got back from the fair  sorry franny, me and <propfemale> went today "
i can't wait for octuber 
there are so many new cds coming out in the next months
"'komm und rette mich, ich verbrenne innerlich komm und rette mich, ich schaff's nicht ohne dich komm und rette mich, rette mich, rette mich'- rette mich tokio hotel"
is watching charmed and hating having to go to swimming
swim camp in 3 days   sad 
"i got my wisdom teeth out  and it hurts  its bleeding, too!"
i feel like im going to throw up 
feeling better but mouth still hurts  sad 
wishes her mouth would just heal
there no real love in you
might get her halloween costume today
hey du is the best song on humanoid by tokio hotel
"i love the way that you're heart breaks,  with every injustice and deadly fate, praying it all be new, living like it all depends on you, here you are down on your knees again, trying to find air to breathe again, only surrender will help you now, i love you please see and believe again,"
"best day of my life  doesn't have school tomorrow, then the swim team wins meet against <propmale>, then coaches tell us that we don't have morning practice!"
omg  i want a kindle so bad 
i got braces today
going to pull an all nighter  who's with me?
pissed at her parents!
hatingg everyone watching new <propfemale> right now
refined i will be the most dazzling precious treasure ill be treasured over all the earth
<propfemale> thanksgiving people and happy soon to be chistmas
just saw a tokio hotel commercial   ok so it was for a cell but whatever  playful 
"hey <propfirst>, dont make it bad    "
"you are the truth outscreaming the lies, you are the truth saving my life"
you try your hardest to perfect your e playful lanation you lie until they've run out of questions
"<propfirst> in a sing-song voice \my daddy shot your daddy in the head \"""""
did anyone else notice thatn the sience study guide ms  devrise repeat like 15 questons ?
christmas break =}
the computer won't let me load the pics from last night  :{
they rings final stop but i keep hearing flyleaf like the music is playing through a closed door  probably not good to to hearing things
woohoo its the holiday week! now its party time!
happy christmas everyone! enjoy the holidays!!!!!
guess what?!?!?!?!?!?! there are pink dolphins in the amazon river!!!
pirates of the caribbean: on stranger tides  summer 2011!!!!!!!!!!     according 2 google  laugh 
"i'm so sick  i can't talk, my nose is running, my throat hurts, and my ears are plugged  =["
happy new year
should go to bed
reading do hard things! whgich is super boring and the people who wrote should not be writing books  it doesn't flow!
"for some reason i'm happy even though i have no reson to be  school has started again, i did bad on some exams, and have lots of homework"
i'm coold!!!!!!!!!
lol i forgot i left my computer on  smile 
lol the capital is said to be huanted
can't wait for presidents day
i hate school! its to early and u get work to do at home cuz the teacher think u don't have anything to do  we have sports and stuff theat happens after school  some kids also have jobs  moast of us are up to 2 surprise 0 doing the homework they gave us  they yell at us for being tired and falling asleep in calss  it just pisses me off 
hello everyone!
playing monoploy on the computer
"for all who are wondering *taurine* is an amino sulfonic acid that is found in high levels in the skeletal and heart muscles of humans, as well as in white blood cells, and the central nervous system  it is also found in some plants, such as seaweed, fungi and bacteria "
"giving up doesn't always mean your weak, sometimes it just means your strong enough to let go!"
i sleep with my peepers open
lol i took pics of stephy while she was sleeping
gosh i feel <propfemale> fat
"i really don't like people who get mad at others for using 'bad' grammar when the cause point is the real issue, not the grammar "
"deep down in my heart there was a chasm, a longing that i couldn't fill, i thought i found what i needed in the dark, by changing my vaules it took control, i believed in the dark and its lie, in the dark came a light, it made me feel treasued, lifting my arms towards it i fell a pull in my heart, as if arising from a dream my eyes open to the light, now i say to you 'arise and be all that you dream!'"
looking up how to build a fast mouse trap car!
going to try and make funnel cake
my dad is so slow when ges texting  funny to watch
on 39 clues wedsite
sleepy 
twichy+coffe=super active squirrel
<propmale> on idol next week!
shit i have homework  and i'm not doing it
going to talent show
"\what you fell over for?\"" \""i didn't do it on purpose!\"""""
my teeth are numb and the hurt like hell  the braces are rubbing against my lower lip and digging in to it 
i've got soul but i'm not a soldier
"the sun will set on this, my dear     your labors aren't in vain "
"i don't have many minutes, so don't text or call me "
are things you're living for worth christ dying for?
"thinking about it, wanting it, needing it, yet still scared of it "
<propmale> <propmale> in about three days
my facebook hasn't changed!
downloading things off tokio hotel's website 
watching the opening ceremony for the olympics
i need good scary movies 
birthday tomorrow!
hate school  thinking about not going
"people stop texting steph please, she has no more minutes "
listening to tokio hotel  happy  smile 
going shopping
"chile was hit by an 8 8 earthquake, which cause a tsunami in hawaii with 7 ft  high waves  the tsunami also hit part of california, and will hit <propfemale> within 24 hours of chile's quake "
death has been swallowed up by life   this dead will rise   dying to death and rising to life!
started writing another book  might actually finish this one  hahaha  smile 
has anyone heard of thoughts com?
just saw the first mosquito of this year!!!!
cleaning my room 
pie day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
june is way to far way
night everyone  smile 
tomorrow i might go tanning and get gel or acrylic nails 
my head hurts and my stomach hates me 
"i'm gonna write my english paper tonight, so i can sleep in class "
"i'm now a vegetarian, started yesterday "
"don't look at the past again    the first and last has made everything new    and you are too    so lift your head    and let your story be told    life on earth will end for all conceived    and prove to be only a breath    a mist, a womb for what's to come    how soon forever arrives!!!"
"we were innocent once, but that was so long ago "
no? ???? ??do?d ???? o? ??? ??u ??????
driver's <propmale> starts next week <propfemale> awesome!!!! anyone else want to so it at sears?
"dude, deaths that involve the young and are une playful ected are so depressing  sad "
"playing with my candle  probably not a good idea, but it's fun "
just drink like 24 once of water in under 15 minutes  stupid thing to do 
"\pooootatooooe eeeeeatterrrr!\""- satan"""
going driving in about 20 <propfemale> 
hating all the pwoplw who aren't in michigan enjoying their sun instead of clouds and rain 
in the hearts of the blind something you'll never find is a vision of light!
oh my god! i was just on <propfemale> meyer's website and her book the host is being made into a movie!!!!!!!!!!
"yeah well then you thought wrong, cause you can't serve god and money, you can on serve one or the other"
should i cut my hair?
started cleaning my room forever ago  why is it taking so long?!
passed driver's <propmale>  might get my level 1 license tomorrow so i can start driving 
"got home from <propfemale>'s at like noon, ate and then slept for hours "
has anyone every heard of a band called skillet?
got my hair cut 
i wish i could say fuck it to the science project 
i'm <propfemale> not gonna be able to sleep tonight 
taking a break from the science project 
the science project takes to much work
almost done printing my articles 
gonna shower and then get back to my project
almost done  just have to put the trifold together and cited and give a small summary of each article  should be in bed by 3 smile 0 maybe earlier  hopefully not later 
swimming at 6
"ain't tired, but should sleep"
when the kids in the class of 2013 are in 11 grade on 11 11 11 at 11:11 it will be a yahtzee for them!
"those people don't hate them, please love them, we're not above them, you can have everything but have nothing "
reading the host and loving it 
love the song vois sur ton chemin from <propmale> choristes  the chorus
i'm gonna let my hair grow out  i liked it long 
i want to learn how to play the violin 
9 smile 0 and i want to sleep
making cookies!!!!!!!
going to get started on my homework 
i want to sleep but have to do my math notes  might do three and the rest on homeroom and lunch 
do we have to do the vocab of this chapter in history?
forget homework  schools almost over  what can they do in a week?
almost just jumped on my cat 
<propfemale>'s open house later 
french and english tomorrow
have to do my thoe studying guide
we would all eat healthier if there were no fast food places 
super bored
swimming tomorrow
going to sleep  i love summer
watching tokio hotel tv season 2
lights just flickered  almost hope that the power goes out 
july 20 will rock!
sick but might be getting better
tomorrow is just a future yesterday 
"reliving my childhood by watching my favorite childhood tv show, yu-gi-oh!"
teeth hurt
calling all incoming freshmen and people at lansing catholic waverly for girls and guys swimming and diving  we need you 
michigan adventure tomorrow  i think i might do the rip cord this year 
i found out something weird about my family  my great-grandparents on my dad's side were named <propfirst> and bell(nickname for something i can't spell in polish)  on my dad's mother's side there was a <propmale> 
"\then you will know the truth and the truth will set you free\"" <propfirst> 8:23"""
"second <propmale> they don't ever matter, people never change "
loved the flash back part of humanoid city live where they showed tokio hotel when they were around 13 or 14 years old  adorable 
"the sun will shine like never before, one day i will be ready to go, see the world behind my wall "
high school swimming at 8 surprise 0 in the morning 
first day of swimming went better then i thought it would 
second day of swimming over and sore from it  only two days till i can rest and sleep-in
friday the 13th
"\ma-li-ki-li-ki!\""-jack sparrow"""
just to let everyone know: lansing cahtolic starts in a week 
cut my toe at swimming on the lockerroom door 
sick  sad 
school tomorrow
on <propfemale> 292 of mockingjay
watching 300
listening to music from the 70s  have to say the best <propfemale> for music
i think i bruised the bone in my ring finger on my left hand
got my new camera! happy about 
why this there homework when we have classwork?
remi gaillard is super funny
tgif   it's special!!!
this week is hell!!!!!!!!!!!
made it through hell! now the fun part starts!  smile 
"halloween should have been fun, but some douche bag screwed it all up  thanks douche bag!"
homework gets in the way of sleep and teachers wonder why we all fall asleep in class 
"this was a great weekend, but lots of homework to do later"
<propmale> tonight  good luck guys 
watching hp3  smile 
"i have to do geom, write a paper, rewrite a paper, take pics, read 5 chapters, and do a chen project  thanks teachers!"
black friday shopping in a few hours
penguin pillow pet from <propfemale> oleniczak
watching the <propfemale>'s secret fashion show
"every person has 1000 wishes; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of, is fighting or has survived cancer"
am i crazy for not wanting a snow day tomorrow?
only one exam tomorrow and it's french 2
"\you are young    life has been kind to you    you will learn \"""""
"stupid clouds i want to see the total lunar eclipse  a total lunar eclipse on the winter solstice, it's like a once in a life time opporunity "
happy christmas everyone
only got two christmas presents this year  i got the ipod touch 4th generation  i love it!  smile 
sick! i have no idea if it's getting better of worse   sad 
last day in 2010 and december
"\the strongest among you may not wear a crown\"""""
most public schools have exams this week  thank god lansing catholic took care of that before winter break   smile 
mom took my laptop and used all the battery 
dude everything is closing  lansing catholic please closed!!!!!!! i mean even the colleges canceled classes 
"pizza now, taco <propfemale> later!"
school sucks  everyone knoes it  i mean even teacher are happy about snow days 
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this"
i need a month long break from all responsibilities 
"\there's more than one way to skin a cat \"""""
"i went to the doctor in october because my shoulder was hurting he said i had tendonitis, gave me voltaren gel, and said the pain would go way  4 months later my shoulder still hurts  i go to a different doctor, he does x-rays and arm movements  i actually have an ac secpeartion in my right shoulder, which is worse "
"\thank you oh my father for giving us your son and leaving your spirit till the work on earth is done\"" -kutless"""
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=48-qbkejlje&feature=related
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
i can't do my english outline so i'm screwed 
"i might get the lg banter touch soon  tried to post a pic , but didn't work"
guess who has to do more research for her outline  this whole paper bull 
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this    in the status of all my friends and family!!
"history project then sleep, scerw honors chem  i'm already failing"
working on outline 
"chem worksheet, to do or not to do? that is the question "
1st paragraph in my research paper is done!!!!!  laugh 
got a 19 overall on my practice act  i hope that's good 
going to see a movie with my sissy  smile 
"can't wait for summer, but i guess spring break will just have to do for now "
"for all wlc swimmers there is a swimmers, parents, and coaches meeting wednesday march 30 at 6 smile 0pm at the pool to discuss what to do to prevent waverly from shutting down the pool "
"blueberry, strawberry, and grape"
i really want to go to <propfemale> next spring break!
happy birthday to my dad!
"i don't know if i'll make it, but watch how good i'll fake it"
"dear sunday's warm weather, no one likes a tease "
nighty night everyone!
help! <propfemale> or <propfemale>?
"research paper do tomorrow, how much has been done? i opened the document "
paper is done!!
