983160d41347de1704d5b37b7c6c44bf
back in ohio   why did we have to leave florida    
doesnt want to go back to ohio
sadly back from new york
horse show tomm then to the track on sunday
why do people have to be assholes?
loved the storm while it lasted
one show down another to go tomm
<propmale> loads again!!! yay!!!
dance then off to <propfemale>'s
partying n hopefully watching four of five different firework shows then a horse show the next day
swimming  
sadly not showing
hopefuuly watching fireworks!!!!
mall then movies
is in pain   and the doctors dont know y so im on happy meds!!!! yay! fml
"is bored out of her mind \taking it easy\""     grrr"""
can legally drink in canada!!!  playful 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!
is wondering why her email account isnt working   any other findlay ppl having this prob?
making sure she has everything for nyc!
wants someone to shoot some pool with
back to ny and then off to <propmale> and finally home for the vet to come out!
has to leave for <propmale> sooner than she thought
ny and <propmale> were crazeee fun   cant wait to do it all over again
does the busiest week of the summer never end????
"its the end of the summer, its the end of it all,those days are gone its over now were moving on, its the end of the summer, but we'll see it all again, so hold on till this moment till then, its the end of the summer"
had a blast last nite and hopefully will catch up on sleep tonite!
it just has to be a friggin monday   stupid computers!!!
dentist   then so many calls to make   but its good to be busy
riding meeting tonite!!!
has found a new addiction     online poker bad i no
barn then swim party tonite
horse shows all weekeend
is proud of her pony but pissed at how many ppl cut her off at the show!!!!
is pissed at how the girl cut her hair   apparently she did not understand the layers concept  sad 
a girls nite out was exactly wat she needed
swimming then off to the barn
is glad that her phillies are off their losing streak
track for the weekend  hopefully the bikes are out  smile 
home from the track  but still soaking wet thanx to a water fight
out to get her cars oil changed then running errands for the rest of the day
making cheesecake   then out
"say goodbye to the warm breeze  we could be almost anywhere  i'll miss you, 'till the next time, i hope i see you there  i hope i see you back here  it's the end of the summer, it's the end of it all  those days are gone, it's over now, we're moving on it's the end of the summer, but we'll see it all again"
packing for mental bootcamp and trying to find time for the pony in there somewhere
"leaving in the morning for \mental bootcamp\""(love that saying for college!!)"""
is unpacked and finally moved in!!!!
"off to bio, organic chem, and physics   why was i excited for school again?"
head over to the gym in a few
labs then clubbing tonite!!!!!
ice cream   chilling   then clubbing  its gonna be a fun night!
<propmale> g was amazing!
blueberry pancakes are gonna be o so yummy!
"finally back from morning barn duty, its gonna be a long day"
starts work tomm! then tryouts are tuesday!
how on earth is week 2 so busy  hopefully ill find some down time before this coming monday
work then classes til five then barn duty at 6    sad 
"exhausted   studying o-chem, finalizing stuff for tommorow and hopefully getting to bed at a reasonable time tonite! but who knows"
had a blast bowling but still didnt break 100  lol
going home for fair!  still have to pack   grr
its a good thing i came back  so much for a stress free weekend  gah
back in class  
and so continues the busiest week of the year     hoping i have time today to get some groceries
class from 930 to 900 tonite then sand volleyballl!!
sand volleyball is gonna be beast  
on our mission nowhere bound  inhibitions underground 
"laundry,homework, then working out  txt me if u wanna go"
missing my shadow already
cant believe her pup is really gone
"for every tear shed, a moment of happiness is remembered and charished again"
cant wait for tonite!
"why, o why do things like to collapse all at once  is it to make us stronger or just a test to see what we can handle?"
tonite was exactly wat was needed  hoping the weekend continues like this
so much for an easy week   fml cant wait for september to be over
wants it to stop being so dark and dreary outside
"you smell like how angels ought to smell, and you look like you're ready to go so hold my hand, i'll take you everywhere, anywhere, you wanna go"
is going to freeze her ass off at sand volleyball tonite!
recycled percussion is tonite  and so the crazy nonstop weekend begins
n so the crazy weekend just got even more crazy
is wondering what went wrong and how these past few weeks happended
cant wait for thursday!!!!
is ready to just give up
organic chem was cancelledhopefully the rest of the day will get better as well    smile 
on my way home!
hit 2 hours of construction on her 2 1 2 hour trip home   and then got to akron and found out her exit was closed   i forgot it was construction season  sad 
figures i go home for break and i wind up sick  gah
back in findlay!
movie night @ <propfemale> hennings!!!!
just wants there to be someone to <propfemale> on
labs for the rest of the day   booo
is pumped for a homework free weekend!!!
wants to go out tonite! anyone want to join text it
doesnt want tommorrow to come
hoping this week continues this way
cpb tonite
where has the day gone?
starts the longest day ever   hopefully it goes by somewhat quickly
making chocolate peanut butter brownies!!!  smile 
*one more class then the weekend starts*
time to start studying again   gah
can it be tommorow already?
made stovetop popcorn and didnt burn herself   then the butter came along
crazy nonstop day ahead followed by jabali acrobats at 8 tonite in the amu!!!!!!!!!
jabali was pretty much mind blowing   partially due to kimmie eaken and her amazing comments!!
cant wait for fear factory and paranormal activity!!!!
loves halloween!
doesnt want to wake up today
black light party tonite yay!!!!
thought that this would be the year that the phillies would go all the way   guess not sad 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9 annoyed poiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:god loving  22 annoyed mart  23 annoyed oving  24 annoyed oyal  25:trustworthy  26:fake
its always interesting when one goes to bg   but always a good time as well  smile 
why are mondays always busy?
does anyone else find it strange that its like short weather outside and its mid november?
spending the holiday with the family at lake michigan
back in findlay
going crazyyy!!
rock n relax tonite!! 9 smile 0 at henderson!!!
thoroughly misses her bestie!!! <propfemale> you better come home soon!!!
what a crazy day  from freezing with the pony to attempting remove a flat tire on my brothers car to trying to figure out why her checks arent in the mail   
started with one crazy pony and one big oaf and ended up with a pony that actually listens and still a big oaf   got to luv horses
loves the fact that there is snow on the ground!
wants to know why its cold in florida!
uhh penguins   crappy conditions for a winter classic and a sad day for a loss
back in findlay
with fronds like these who needs anenomes
finally have windows 7 installed yay! movie night tonight 
just found out the autobahn now has a speed limit    wtf were they thinking?!?!?
didnt know that scuba could make one so hungry    off to make enchiladas!
longest day ever  done with class now off to a office hour
"take a breath, don't it sound so easy? never had a doubt now im going crazy "
time won't let me go if you gave me back those years i'd do it all better i swear
cause our days were numbered by nights on too many rooftops  they said we'd burn so bright  we'd burn this city and go 
baking is done   now the even more fun part of the night begins!!
"secret love, my escape  take me far far away  secret love, are you there?"
"turn a <propfemale>, im a book half unread  i wanna be laughed at, laughed with just because  i wanna feel weightless and that should be enough "
had a blast tonight at frickers!!!
"i want to live where soul meets body and let the sun wrap its arms around me and bathe my skin in water cool and cleansing and feel, feel what its like to be new"
"quiz, classes, work, dinner, barn duty   then hopefully time for a friday night!"
and id give up forever to touch you   cause i know that you feel me somehow    your the closest thing to heaven that ill ever be   and i dont wanna go home right now
"well i took a walk around the world to ease my troubled mind i left my body lying somewhere in the sands of time but i watched the world float to the dark side of the <propfemale> i feel there is nothing i can do, yeah"
is the day finally over????
"a green light, unkind, nowhere to go on a one track mind, it's a break down at the wrong time, im catching up but im still behind"
"weekends are for the warriors, all those late nights walking through front doors at day break, raise all of the glasses high, this ones to all us sitting around on a friday night"
working out shower internship indian guru! comedy jam!
chem lab  lunch  scuba 1-5 txt it
"and i know no matter where life takes me to, a part of me will always be with you "
people are retarded   enough said 
so chem lab was more like volcano e playful losion but only for my group   it was interestig to say the least  
is according to her roomie a neon eskimo
studying physics   then some supernatural(yay) and maybe some genetics   boo
so as the weekend begins we start to have snow   couldnt it wait?
so the snow turned into a blizzard while <propfemale> r  and i were at the track meet    walked 300ft and couldnt see the car   evil
"did not realize that it could be so hard to find a box of specific dimensions that is sold by itself   note to self next time start with photography studios and dont try the post office, ups, or staples"
its just gotta be a monday   gah
could you be everything? my rise and my fall?
down to 1 shower in a house of 12 girls    someone please fix the upstairs shower already!!!!!!!
hoping this snow stops so the airport wont be backed up when we fly out
"sometimes i look at my own face, and i don't know who i am"
internship forms are all sent out    yay now the game of waiting begins   boo
studying but wishing it were the weekend already
"don't forget, we've got unfinished business, stories yet to unfold,  tales that must be retold"
cant wait for tuesday   
"before i know what it feels like? where to, where do i go? if you never try, then you'll never know "
sitting at the airport waiting for the flight   text it
atlanta   wow  time flies and its crazy not to have time to get on a computer   but having a fun time   anyone have any ideas of what they want on campus text it!!
"exhausted    flying home tomm to a genetics test, chem lab, english paper, and lots of other work to make up"
"i can’t believe i would call this love- fools & horses \selfish\"""""
"paper, dinner, barn duty, another paper, and lab    cant wait for break"
going to destress by swimming   text it if ya wanna go
is there anyone left in this little town of findlay??
starting to hear back from zoos regarding internships   yay!! now just have to call to set up interviews!
finally back home!
forgot just how amazing a good ride could be   and to top it off <propmale> hasn't forgotten his flying lead changes!!!
taught the lil sis how to drive stick in the snow   scary
"this time i'm mistaken for handing you a heart worth breaking and i've been wrong, i've been down, been to the bottom of every bottle these five words in my head scream are we having fun yet?"
packing then back to school
"another reason not to drink and drive: if you throw a beer can out the window it will damage something in this case my front bumper thank you for \being considerate drivers\""!!!!!!"""
"talk, talk is cheap  give me a word you can keep  cause youre halfway gone and im on way  and im feeling, feelin feelin this way"
"loves the fact that its above 40, and there is still snow on the ground yet i feel like wearing shorts"
so thinking about a new haircut    but i dont know whether to let it grow longer or cut in a <propmale> style just a little longer? opinions please!!!!!
sooooo ready for the weekend!!!
"good end to a never ending week   relaxing walk by the river w  <propfemale> n <propfemale>, then free movie, and actually going to get some sleep for once"
just found out that espionage is a crime that warrants the death penalty in new mexico   so  dont dress up as a spy on haloween or otherwise
thank goodness its tuesday now cause its been one of the worst and longest mondays in i dont know how long
totally needed the girls night to relax   hopefully the rest of the weekend will go similarly
if i could i would do all of this again travel back in time with you to where this all began we could hide inside ourselves and leave the world behind and make believe there's something left to find
going old school and watching crocodile dundee!!!!!  playful 
why can't it still be sunday?
sunshine where did you disappear to?
gotta love cpb meeting   the quotes you find there are amazing!!!
"apparently my song of the day (i need you, relient k) has turned into my song of the week    gotta love when that happens"
"a week of the 50s and 60s followed by rain is normal, but since when does it switch from that kind of weather to snow?!?!?! o wait   i forgot this is ohio    grr"
just got off the phone with utica zoo for an interview  cross your fingers!!!!
had a blast at the ground fighting seminar and now cant wait until tonight at 10pm for sailesh!!!! the shows going down in the fishbowl(amu-mpr)!
got a call from buffalo zoo!!! this day is starting to look better and better!
can it be thursday afternoon??? please    
studying o chem then back to campus for the scavenger hunt!
having one of those days where the music is sticking in my head better than the subject im studying   gah
"all i need is half a <propmale>, a second thought, a second glance i'll prove i got whatever it takes"
"is back in findlay, where there is internet even if it doesnt always work! yay!!!"
"studying reproduction, genetics and writing a paper    text it cause ill most likely need the break!"
"barn duty, casino night, and a paper tonight   gotta love wednesday nights"
"so went for looking for a park, then stumbled upon a sign that said dangerous curves, then played on the playground, and then came upon balsley ave "
is officially interning at buffalo zoo this summer!
getting ready for one long monday   gah
"according to <propfemale> r , guys make you feel act like a girl!   love the irony"
"'cause i'll be by your side, wherever you fall, in the dead of night, whenever you call, and please don't fight, these hands that are holding you, my hands are holding you"
had a blast tonight!
loves the fact that findlay maintenance does not know how to fix a gas leak    thus leading to a freeeeezzzing cold house  
steak n shake + cool manager dude + <propfemale> renz + <propfemale> r  + <propfemale> go round + free food= amazing mid night distraction!!!!!
back from diving in 44 degree water and now going through a diff kind of torture its called o chem
drive-in movie tonight along w  passport prizes being given away after the movie!!! croy gym at 9 smile 0pm!!
gotta love playing in thunderstorms! just watch out for the hail!!
"doesnt understand why i can ace a genetics lab final with barely studying, but then when i turn around and study for genetics i cant seem to give the teacher what she wants    gah so glad that this crazy week is finals!!!"
"late night munchies is tonight at henderson, don't forget to come and get some comfort food and listen to <propfirst> silverman at 9 smile 0pm!!!!"
"thanks to everybody who came to late night munchies and all those behind the scenes people(cpb greek life fac staff), we couldnt have done it without you!!!! and lastly a very special thanks to <propfirst> silverman for providing an excellent performance!"
so glad genetics is done and over with!!!!!!!! now just one more exam <propmale> and a checkout dive for scuba on friday then done for the year!! kaching!  playful 
"finally home from school, now just to figure out where everything goes since my sis took over the closet while i was gone    this is gonna be interesting!"
"give it up and just let it go what you had you will never know the reason is right, but the feelings are wrong now we sing to a different song "
"all the right friends in all the wrong places so yeah, we're going down they got all the right moves in all the right faces so yeah, we're going down"
off to the track!
just got my scuba license in the mail!!! now to find somewhere to go     sugggestions?
season finales   gah they leave you breathless for more yet at the same time manage to make you so full of questions that you dont think you can wait for the next season to start   why does this have to be??
"trippin out \spinning around\i'm underground\i fell down"
destination: buffalo and proving mapquest wrong
having one hell of an adventure in buffalo   lets just say it started by not being able to get in the apartment i subleased for the summer and now has me looking for other summer housing!
found and moved into another apartment  job hunting today and starting the internship tomm!
"see the lines, see the lines; i start feeling; when im lost, when im lost; there's no meaning; call it this, call it this; spinning sideways and never stops   "
"what a beautiful smile, can i stay for a while, on this beautiful night, we'll make everything right"
another crazy day at the zoo   but loving it none the less
"when i wake up, \the dream isn't done \i wanna see your face, \and know i made it home \if nothing is true, \what more can i do?\i am still painting flowers for you "
"i wanna feel reckless, wanna live it up, just because"
"anyone interested in a all time low, boys like girls, third eye blind, good <propfemale>, simple plan concert on june 18 at tower city in <propmale>??"
if this trend of whenever im bored i go workout keeps up    im going to be one sore puppy by tommorrow 
having one of those days where i cant stop singing the songs that are popping in and out of my head
bored out of mi mente   text it
just got done from an awesome day at work thanks to some anteaters   lol
had a blast today  not just trying to unwind
when the lights go out  we'll be safe and sound  we'll take control of the world  like it's all we have to hold on to  and we'll be a dream
needs to figure out something to do today  
trying to figure out what to have for lunch   hmm maybe huevos rancheros  or go to the grocery
gahhhh   lost why do this to me  i get all this way and now cant find season 6's early episodes!!! grr
online english class issss boring    nuf said
at the airport for the majority of the day   text it!
does not understand why connection flights go the opposite direction you want to go 
"if airplanes in a night sky are like shooting stars, does that mean i was in a \shooting star\"" last night?"""
seriously considering kicking someones ass right now    gahhhh
"finally has a job for the summer, but the lady at the hair salon botched my hair so kinda a conflicting mood"
so the world cup today    crappy crappy calls for the usa game   but thankfully england tied so we still have a <propmale> at making it into the brackets!!! but please can we please win at least one game?????
finally done with class for the night working at the zoo tomm and thursday text it!
"wide awake my mistake so predictable, you were fake, i was great, nothing personal  im walking whos laughing now  im wasted wasting time "
can someone please text me whats going on in the usa vs ghana game tomm??? im going to miss it because of work and i really dont think ill be able to wait to hear what happens(ed)   gahhh evil 
attempting to make homemade pizza and yes im going to try and throw it   so this could be interesting
yay! its raining now if it would just thunderstorm   life would be grand  smile 
is in need of a back massage or another form of relaxation
so today at the zoo i was stalked by a tortoise named ralphie   
going downtown for a fun night at thursday at the square and pure  smile 
just shut up and kiss me 
just took a quiz that told me im graceful     haha wow that quiz is soooo wrong  they obviously dont know im a klutz lol
if history repeats itself im sooooo getting a dinsoar and naming him fred    roar  playful 
"so today at the zoo <propfemale> penna and i were serenaded by a guy on a bulldozer, while walking to our building needless to say the day has only gotten better!  smile "
doesnt like this thing called disease   its quite annoying  sad 
i have to say its weird to say im now in my twenties!  playful  thanks for all the birthday wishes guys!!
"thanks guys! i love you all, new friends or old friends just the same! you all provide me with some sort of crazy fun time, a shoulder to <propfemale> on, a laugh every now and then, pick me up when needed and most importantly just being the person you are!!! thanks again all!"
vs party then on my way home for a kick ass couple of days!  wink 
is it bad that i still have energy at this time of night? text it if you wanna do something 
goodbye ohio  hello again new york 
doesnt want to go back to this thing called work   
gym time hopefully it will calm me down
was basically flashed by a 95 yr old lady at work who then defended herself by saying you see worse on tv these days   yeah
yay finally done with english!!!!
"what a beautiful smile, can i stay for a while, on this beautiful night, well make everything right    "
poolside for the day until work starts  text it
"ive been looking for a driver whos qualified, so if you think your the one step into my ride  wink "
"packing and switching cars so i can get everything home in one trip! then maybe some shopping, but who knows"
"last week in ny, and its gonna fly  tomm at the zoo then straight to work   texts are more than welcome   playful "
last day in ny  off to work then packing n cleaning  then the drive home!  smile 
had a blast on the rapids today
just cant seem to shake this mood off    hopefully sleep will cure
so i walk into the guys house to  hear them saying dang i cant find those cougars but im finding plenty of beaver    
heres to the being mad busy before my first class has started and hoping that the semester will slow down at some point 
finally ran two <propmale> without spraining my stupid ankles and then proceeded to get coldstone with <propfemale> renz
cant wait to get out and party it up tonight   gotta love not starting classes on friday til noon!  laugh 
had a blast last night and carrying the fun times over to tonight with <propmale> pike-extravaganza at 8pm in winnebrenner!
and thus begins the cooking tour of the states! yay!
campus program board tonight! if you want to get involved on campus come on out to the meeting  its at 9 smile 0 in the amu's endly room!
"'cause im a gypsy, are you coming with me? i might steal your clothes and wear them if they fit me "
o findlay email how i loathe thee  
just had a blast doing a workout with martial arts and a nice run afterwards!
just got my guitar!!!! needless to say im in a good mood
california and oregon down: 46 to go!
"banner making, sga meeting, studying, and learning chords   hopefully it all gets done"
gahh can this week have an extra 24hrs before thursday so i can have a lil bit of a break at some point??
does anyone know how to unlock a phone when the last four digits dont work????
glad that hitting random <propfirst> works better than the factory setting when unlocking ones phone!!!
kicking up a storm at koehler and then off to the vball courts to dig it   and who said working out couldnt be fun??  playful 
"oooo the joys of packing, then off to classes and then to indy for the weekend!"
done with first anatomy test!!!! score!
still sick but somehow being covered in paint at the end of the day makes it seem better   now just to figure out how to remove paint from ones lips   
"i got your runaway smile in my piggy bank, baby, gonna cash it right in for a new <propfemale> "
finally getting a <propmale> to practice the guitar!
nom nom nom nom nom    eating baked ziti cant you tell  i just wish it was not so hot   bad oven  playful 
i dont read the newspapers because they all have ugly print 
"just realized that in every single class today, sex was a subject of discussion, and i didnt even have anatomy today   you gotta love how professors get off track"
"if i could i would do all of this again\travel back in time with you to where this all began\we could hide inside ourselves and leave the world behind"
hitting up the park and playground today  text it if you wanna join the party
kitchens a mess but the smells coming from it are sooo tempting    now just waiting for the oven to finish!!!
southern desserts are amazing  cant wait to figure out what states to do this weekend!
love the high after a good workout! now back to studying   sad 
cant wait to get her free coldstone!!!!!
off to the homecoming game   now just hoping my orange hair stays orange with this rain!  smile 
cant believe this weekend is almost done  but three days and then a nice break! yay!
i've been thinking about light red strawberry blonde highlights  or should i leave it how it is   thoughts??
dont settle for a spark    light a fire instead   u gotta love doves quotes
i need to learn the <propmale> of balance 
i like it on my dresser 
driving again   this time for a quick trip to akron and back
bored in boardman    text it if ya wanna do something
wishes it could still be fall break but alas all good things must come to an end
"take me home tonight,\i don't want to let you go till you see the light,\take me home tonight!"
"would love to be in vegas right now and forget this thing called school for the weekend, like some lucky ppl are doing!"
"busy day  a and p exam, classes, meetings and then heading over to <propfemale>'s next great <propfemale> talent show!"
sleep  then off to take a double whammy in the forms of cell biology and psychology ooo what fun!  wink 
is in desparate need of a back massage  
"another 3 states down, maine, vermont, and connecticut (whoever said that lobster is an aphrodisiac was terribly wrong they are an angerisiac   stupid shells)"
loving the wet roads    although i wish i could have more playtime  hmm i mean driving time  smile 
hoping tomorrow only looks as busy as it does on paper   cause a day with a break would be nice!
at lazer night   
attempting to finish a paper and write notes for 8 chapters by tonight  this is gonna be interesting
off we go internship hunting again!
everyday i fight for all my future somethings
can it please be finals week already   i think it might be slightly easier to breathe then
"1 paper, 2 exams, 3 finals   done   now to finish out the week with 1 final, and 2 meetings "
motivation where o where did you go???
headed over to henderson for late night munchies with the human itunes!
forgot how entertaining poprocks can be 
done with chemistry forever!!!!! so excited!!!
finally home w  the fam and the new puppy  text me if ya wanna do something
"fairgrounds check, snow check, cars now covered in snow check"
studying for the stupid gre  
whats ammrogenos? @<propfemale> knecht
"tonight's like a knife\would you cut me with your kiss?"
"while i missed findlay, i def  did not miss this internet "
"here we go, \just lose control and let your body give in, \to the beat"
almost thru week one!! yay now only 15 more weeks to go    
loving the way yoga just makes everything else disappear
"meetings, office hour, p90x, and then a 3hr class to top off the night   should be cake compared to yesterday"
"there's more to see than can ever be seen\more to do than can ever be done\there's far too much to take in here\more to find than can ever be found"
is pumped for comedy jam!
"its now official every comedy show i go to, i get picked on  but at least this year i only had a song about me "
thank you snow for turning into ice it made driving a blast! although you could of stopped pelting me in the face that would have been much appreciated!
"52 thoroughbred horses need homes  will go to sugarcreek this saturday for slaughter  gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling, yearlings, 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded  free and papered  friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 barnesvi   lle, oh \--please pass this along to anyone you know, who can help!!"
"finally got my car open and unlocked and almost got backed into hit by stupid ignorant drivers in the parking lot where i had the right away to be driving not once, or twice but 4 freaking times within less than 30sec!!! i swear people need to learn how to drive!!!"
one completed p90x ab workout and an additional 30 <propfemale> of pylo   not to bad for a monday night  
had a very productive morning with <propfemale> <propmale> that started by getting 3 cars unstuck from our drive   i think we need to start a business with this one
"going back and listening to some old school soundtracks   only problem is that i now want to go and watch top gun, back to the future, indiana jones, jurassic park, independance day, etc   why cant movies be made like this anymore?"
so i was sitting in old main  while playing with some wrinkly balls and a prickly stick when a proff came up and started talking about the taxonomic structure of the pokemon family    gotta love findlay!
finally done w  the craziness of the week   now to start the even crazier weekend 
"wants to go play in the \puddles\"" that are on the other side of campus   why cant the other side of campus have some of this lake front property as well"""
feels like a little kid in grade school again    field trip!
"2 tests, a drive home and then hello spring break!"
finally home for a little while  text it you wanna <propfemale>
towhat to watch fast and the furious or gone in 60 seconds? decisions decisions
hello south <propfemale> and gorgeous weather!!
"covered in grease, partially deaf, and relaxing in the sun is not a bad way to spend the day"
according to one of my professors nickelback should be used as a torture device for <propmale> qaeda
karaoke in wts! just got off stage debating about getting back on
what a great start to the week    not   grrrr
it must be spring cause the number of ricers on the road has e playful loded
packing then off to indy for the weekend
pumped for casino night!!!
"sometimes i feel like i'm from another world\and everything i want in life seems impossible\'cause people, they'll tear you apart \ but in the bottom of our hearts\the dream's alive inside\ and we won't forget"
