4702570edd44139fb6ea24b3e02ff828
first lesson of 2010: stir sticks  fuck yeah 
desperately needs to purchase a bat cravat  i need to become as gawth as ruffles 
thinks video games is a real cool guy  eh squanders precious time and doesn't afraid of anything 
is like ze great <propmale> flynn   with fewer venereal diseases 
wants the cheese phone back 
"in the words of ween, it's gonna be a long night  i'm not even going to imagine how long the day will be  d:"
is overjoyed with sc2  best game evar  ?
attention duelists! my hair is assaulting you!
the one you love and the one who loves you are never the same person  remember that 
"wants to marry bil mosely  like, right now "
?_?
wobbuffet 
is officially addicted to crackheads  best <propfemale> evar 
spy's sappin' mah sentry! d:
thinks about herself when she touches you 
"they say i'm a wicked young lady, but i've been tryin' hard lately   aw, fuck it, i'm a monster, i admit it!"
has been on a macro-making frenzy  you haven't heard the last of it 
"registered for ndk, and is getting to work on her cosplay for it   my nerdiness is guaranteed now "
will make you waaaaaatch 
"1 question, 1 honest answer  you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox) any question, anything  no matter how awkward it can be, i'll answer it honestly, no catch   for the lulz "
wants to own more power tools  they make her feel important 
"is on your ceiling, watching you masturbate  and she doesn't approve "
"rly, rly wishes she owned a psp at the moment "
"don't believe in yourself; believe in me, who believes in you   indecision "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or do not speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of me  when finished, paste this paragraph into your status and see what happens  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"has discovered that despite improvement, she's still pretty damn ugly inside "
is <propfirst>'s violent revenge fantasy 
is in despair! the incomprehensible playstation network has left me in despair!
"is enjoying the \wicker man\"" remake with <propmale> cage way more than she should """
"is here to kick ass and play mortal kombat, and she's all out of ass  be very afraid  ?"
is thankful for pie and godawful b-movies  and belated posts 
"is paying homage to a fictional character's birthday  in other words, i'm unbelievably pathetic "
is starting to think that insanity might be a viable option 
"no longer believes in miracles  i'm still waiting for my telekinesis, higher power of my choosing  d:<"
"fukken snow day, you's guys! yes!"
is going to strangle you with your frilly training bra   indecision 
conform conform conform
wants it to be vacuum time already  d:<
"do i look like a stoner to you? no, really, do i?"
is going to take a baseball bat to the next director that makes a romantic comedy 
jazzhands!
"now asks you, my comrades, aquaintances, and associates   do you like pokemans?"
is gonna put you in a small dress and hurt you 
"was pleasantly surprised by sherlock holmes, and is eagerly anticipating her new phone "
"in heaven, everything is fine     unless you're stuck with the lady in the radiator  i think i'd rather choose hell "
decided to do a full metal alchemist cosplay for ndk this year   i regret nothing 
is no longer a total failure  emphasis on the 'total' 
is questioning the definition of life and existence  nothing like lucky <propfemale> to put you in an existentialist kind of mood 
"i am the god of hell-fire, and i bring you   fiah!"
is a basterd 
"has words of wisdom: don't suspend disbelief while watching a final destination marathon, kiddies  you'll start thinking that every inanimate object is out to kill you "
do a barrel roll 
butt-stuffers incorporated!
"is irrevocably evil, and wouldn't have it any other way  ?"
oraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraora
"gentlemen, behold! i have made love to this machine!"
"ffffffffffffffffff-curse you, nannerpuss! d:"
enter the konami code! up up down down left right left right b a select start!
"now realizes that while love might not conquer all, it certainly makes everyday life more tolerable "
's parents are watching twilight  what  the fuck 
would hire a team of trained circus mice to empty the dishwasher   if she only had the money 
toasty!
"is watching <propfirst>, as dubbed by 4kids   my life is now completely meaningless "
is going to start breaking into people's homes to steal their canned goods   all in the name of lulz 
thinks about herself when she touches you 
is undergoing the first february 14th in her adolescent life that isn't filled with misanthropy and disgust   that's a start 
?_? yooooooooooou 
"\   did that guy from labryinth just turn into a bird?\"""""
has received the biggest intellectual challange of her life from watching 'the hills' this weekend  lolwut 
you cannot grasp the true form of gigyas' attack 
"is made entirely of tinfoil, in case you were wondering "
fuck thursdays   time to re-re-re-re-watch ichi the killer and eat cookies 'til i'm diabetic 
"is terrified that she might run the risk of becoming a hipster   simply liking the decemberists doesn't make you one, does it? d:"
fighting robotic ninjas and doing a guitar solo on a flaming blimp  in outer space  while wearing a bulletproof dress  oh yes 
wants her laptop to stop changing font sizes  make it sttttoooooopppp  d:
wants her own breakfast machine  that would be nice   indecision 
vicodin + ice cream = best shopping list ever 
"\heaven's net is wide   but lets nothing through \""  laugh """
"fetal position isn't exactly a mood, but it sums things up right now "
   and i pulled on trouble's braids 
"iiiiiiiiii   i wanna mmm mmm, iiiiii   "
porkchop sandwiches!
rising dragon of the zodiac!
your rhymes are like hookers; i cut them up and store them in my freezer for later 
just hit herself in the face while trying to open the sugar bowl  i am unstoppable 
will break you until there's nothing left to break   or something like that 
ice cream truck  it is outside 
"there's a concert at the <propmale> park barn tomorrow at 7 surprise 0  my band is going to be playing there \\i demand that you all come "
"hates hippies  dirty, stinking hippies "
so my cat just dragged a ginormous snake into the house and set it at my mom's feet   happy mother's day?
"wishes she had kamina sunglasses to go with the rest of her graduation ensemble  leaving high school should be gar, should it not?"
let me fall out of a window with confetti in my hair 
"remember kids, knowing is half the battle "
it's hard for thee to kick against the pricks 
roadroller da!
just downloaded 3 dlc packs for fallout 3 and a shitload of lady gaga songs for rock band  fuck yeah 
"wearing my snuggie under my robes tomorrow for graduation, and there's nothing you can do to stop me "
"quickly, everyone! tell me the manliest thing you can think of!"
i'm still more special   indecision 
whothehelldoyouthinkiam   kiiiiiiiiick!
wishes she knew how to quit you  d:
"regrets nothing \\   oh who am i kidding, i regret everything  d:"
choppingupthebeeschoppingupthebeeschoppingbees!
"<propfirst> l  <propmale> was relatively underwhelming in iron man 2 \\   what is this world coming to?!"
<propfirst> hopper noooooooooooooooooooooooo
is playing bioshock and enjoying every glorious minute of it  i wanna shoot bees out of my hands  d:
"i'm the warden, and you're a criminal~"
foppery and foolishness 
"good decision: beating 2 am ennui by watching a good movie \\bad decision: watching a gory, disgusting movie with graphic tooth-pulling scenes   and eating half a pizza beforehand  blaaargh "
"i'm a dirty frat boy on a dirty soccer team go into the locker room, after wrestling~"
coffee and cat hair: part of a nutritious breakfast 
"it's touching how some people can still make your ulcers fester, even if you haven't seen them for years  hating someone shouldn't feel this satisfactory   love "
"and when you're dying, i'll be   still alive "
"oh, what the hell   if you hit the\\like\"" button on this status", i will post on your wall what i like\4702570edd44139fb6ea24b3e02ff828,i accidentally married one of the sheep 
"if you're aspie and you know it, flap your hands  *flap flap*\if you're aspie and you know it, flap your hands  *flap flap*\\if you're aspie and you know it, your complex body movements will surely show it \if you're aspie and you know it, flap your hands! *flap flap*"
no! we drink the bleach!
has anyone really been as far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
hikeeba!
these peanuts taste like mini-wheats 
tender misanthropy   love 
i'm not here for your love or money; i'm down here for your soul 
cat just left a dead baby bird outside of my room  what 
do i repulse you?
is going to break into your house tonight and eat all your cereal  hurm 
it's katamari time 
"brb, ridgeway "
"back with a vengeance, and ready to mock the hell outta some twilight "
fool! have you heard my legend?
the milk tastes like bacon and the soda tastes like pickles  what has science done
you can't hurt me! not with my   cheese helmet!
"interior crocodile alligator, i drive a chevrolet movie theater "
would you kindly?
"conform conform conform\\like this status and i'll tell you my first impression of you, what i like about you, what i don't like about you, a confession, and a memory "
just went full retard 
"i need music, stat  good, bad, whatever  just hit me with recommendations "
"woke up this morning feeling like bobcat goldthwait \\clearly something is very wrong "
<propfirst> the cat is my name   and i say unto thee
aroundtheworldaroundthewo surprise rldaroundtheworldaroundthewo surprise rld
is it train time yet?
"you're turning into a flake, doc  god help us all "
get  me  out of here 
"ich bin rammstein, apparently "
"has had \sexual healing\"" stuck in her head since this morning  worst song ever to want to burst into in the middle of class """
hurpa derp durr 
"just gotta dye my hair, then i'll be ready for ndk  god, i love being a nerd "
will end you and all that you love 
listening to nothing but alestorm this sunday  who's with me?
wenches and mead 
hehe   'niblets' 
ah hates it when people i don't like enjoy the things that i like  if that makes any sense 
aaaaahhh! atmospheric electrical discharges!
"i no longer have fear, for i know now that captain spaulding is watching over me "
   my own stupidity never ceases to amaze me  damn it 
anyone have a cure for stupidity? i'll take anything at this point 
"hey, i'm wearing pants again   how did that happen?"
you wa shock!
"you are tearing me apart, <propfemale>!"
"procrastination stops   now!\\i should probably get off of facebook "
always crashing in the same car 
we should have each other for tea - we should have each other with cream   love 
"life itself is only a vision  a dream  nothing exists, save empty space and you  and you    are but a thought "
"two steps forward, three steps back "
"i will break you, nabakov "
has fury 
"we'll have a jammy-time, one and all "
"running down the hallway in moss, shrieking and waving a newspaper \\sounds good to me "
the weather today is lazy with a <propmale> of passive aggression 
ack   face is frozos 
i get agoraphobia on facebook  there's a word for this sort of thing   oh yes  'pathetic' 
breakfast for dinner   love 
"i can do no wrong, for i know not what it is "
threw up and turned blue while giving blood today  oh yes 
"last night was a good night  i learned that lizards speak my language, kids like me, bikers have poor grammar, and i have freaking amazing friends  also, science   love "
is the strongest  ?
spoooooooooooooooooon!
"the weather today is petulant and self-obsessed, with occasional fits of jealous rage "
hamboning! it'll save your life 
oh god my head blood vessels make it stop 
"god hates a coward, <propmale> "
on s'fait des langues en   ford mustang?
"well then, finals   let us dance "
desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu~
"do the impossible, see the invisible - row row, fight da powah\touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable - row row, fight da powah"
and remember: the beatings will continue until morale improves 
harrooo 
and festivus for the re
"sometimes i like to throw toothpicks into the woods and yell \you're home!\"""""
freedom is slavery  war is peace  ignorance is strength 
"salt lake! woooo! we're going to salt lake, you guys!"
"seccom masada-sensei, my love for you is boundless   love "
"guys, guys! space ghost vs  the tick: who would win?"
"\it has been said with truth that so great is the ferocity displayed by the mole that if it could be magnified to the size of a lion it would be one of the most terrible of living creatures \"""""
one of these days i'm gonna sell my soul let 'em find out what they bought 
ponyo   love 
"some days i know that if i let my brain fully understand what my gut was propelling me into, it'd <propmale> itself out my ear "
off to arizona  i will be handing out business cards stating that i am a doctor of journalism and a notorious heterosexual 
we got a doberman   love  i am filled with irrational exuberance 
must not sleep  must warn others 
deadpool is on mvsc3  my life is complete 
i am receiving radio free europe in my headbones  i have many headbones 
never knows best 
i'm in the mood for total war 
the domino effect didn't make communism spread through europe  i did 
"compared to me, they're all droopy-eyed, limbless children "
"it's all the same, 5,2,4  kalinka? malinka? just play the chord "
some days you just can't get rid of a bomb 
i'm a force 'a nature 
