b417d5e5f85b80d23b8511b751788d86
hot <propmale> is the best movie ever
hates boredom and throwing up
does too much texting
just got back from bucking hay all day
i had a pretty legit night
its time to chill with some amigos
the chapel softball team dominated
has a kink in his neck
needs something interesting to say
slamball is awesome
my dogs just ate two boxes of pop tarts
1  weight training - wolden 2  geometry - moyer 3  photography 1 - hawk 4  sports med 1 - brennan 5  english 12 - schroeder 6  cwp - olsen
is hittin the bowling ally tonight with some amigos
i will always be a stanwood spartan!
we need ac in our house
"had an awesome night, im glad we have ac in the camper, or i would have been miserable "
is laughing because every thing posted by his friends is about the heat
why is church vollyball so intense? it dosnt even matter what church you go to its always intense
had a b e a utiful day
"summer breeze was the bomb! my team won the vollyball championship and pretty much dominated everything, a week of tubing, wake boarding  jet ski's and friends, it dosnt get much better than that"
jr  high camp was the bomb!
cant sleep
"football was great, cant wait for some games"
football was great but my legs are gettin a little sore
spartan football baby!!! its gonna be a good year!
i wanna go back to summer breeze!
i miss my fro  sad 
first day of senior year tomorrow!!!!! im almost done with high school!!!
senior power!
"probably cant play play in the first game of the season because of possible concussion, isnt that just great"
its senior time
"first game time tomorow, i already have excited butterflies, im insanely excited"
"well     that was a complete waste of my time, have the coaches never heard of substitution? obviously the guys out there were not gettin the job done "
is going to a buddies house to watch uw stomp lsu  wink 
is ready for friday to be here
"thank you football angels, i would really enjoy a mountain dew if thats possible"
raise your hand if you want the steelers to get destryoed tonight
"game against meadowdale today, we are ready for a w"
"another loss 35-14, i have nothing to say about it"
"well, at least uw got a win this year, its looking like a good year"
"havnt been this bored in a long time, im so bored i cant even sleep"
yeah!! kickin off the nfl season!! im gonna win some fantasy football championships no problem
seahawks are looking ok
"game against lake stevens, gonna be a good one"
"i cannot believe that jusy happened, that game was the biggest hearbreaker"
"uw is hanging in with usc, looking good"
it was crazy hot today
"game against mp today, we really need this win"
"we play <propmale> tomorow, this is one is pretty winable (sp?)"
anyone else have an extreme case of senioritus?
"football is over in a week, then i have to get a job so i will have enough money to move out when i turn 18 (;"
"i had to bring back the fro pic, i miss it but it will be back"
"haha its good to find out that texing in awkward situations is a common thing, haha im glad im not the only one that does it "
bored beyond belief
my man <propfirst> rankin is tearing it up in the seahawk games
"wow the seahawks are really great at screwing things up, thanks hasselback and o-line"
"i have no idea what i want for christmas, i need some suggestions!"
"i'm enjoying the money, the big house, the cars; what ghetto kid wouldn't?                                                                                    - o j  simpson"
happy turkey day facebook!!
its agood day to be a uw fan
"dawgs, you have let me down  sad "
"i hate you microsoft, way to get my hopes up and then crush 'em"
im gonna laugh if the steelers lose to the browns
lol steelers lost to that raiders and the browns
senior assassin has begun   
snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
come back snow!! you always come and get my hopes up and then you leave again  sad 
never underestimate the power of preyer  smile 
"just got legit info on alot of people playing senior assassin, if you want to buy some info let me know  wink "
just got xbox live my gamertag is m0lecule send me a friend request
r i p <propfirst> henery
is volunteering at the lights of christmas for five hours tonight
"today was intense, did some hunting for senior assassin and almost got eliminated, and had some quality bonding time  wink "
gotta figure my life out
anybody else like waking up at 1 smile 0 pm?
haha r i p subway
"2010, we had our ups and downs, its been real, peace"
"\insert inspirational quote here\"""""
"well, philly and cincy has dissapointed me, now lets see what baltimore and arizona can do"
"ready for the weekend, nfl playoff games should be great"
who dat!!!! excited to see the saints whoop up on the colts tomorrow
"you know when you reach into your pocket and you find some cash, but then you get all sad cuz you realize its just your lunch money? its kinda like that "
cant even wait for game time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comment"
is a fan of becoming a fan of things
saw dear <propfirst> today   i cried
"i like to think of myself as a one man wolf pack, its just how i roll"
i should probably think about doin my senior project haha
i hate <propfemale>ns who talk trash about <propfemale>    leave!!!!
why do people ride there bikes on the street when there is a sidewalk right next to them? im going to run over the next person i see doing that 
"my grandma has a blood clot in her lung, please keep her in your prayers"
"i guess my grandma dosnt have a blood clot, it might be lung cancer, she is really gonna need all the prayer she can get"
i pretty much think im gonna do track
"just heard like 7 or 8 gunshots pretty close to my house, this is the hood now"
kind of want to see clash of the titans in 3d
"good luck ballers, lets show the state how stanwood rolls "
who went to the game? how did it go?
i  love  <propmale> gump
"getting my truck fixed, super happy about that"
"i'm tired of this crap, im getting out of my house and its gonna be soon"
i want to become a fan of people liking there own status
"going to the game today, lets go boys i woke up at 5 so i can support you, you better not lose"
"the game today was legit, i definatley had the best outfit there, going again tomorow, should be a good one "
o my lanta
"good game boys, way to make it this far"
if anyone has any pics of me in the cheer outfit can you send them to me please?
"wow, why does <propmale> strong feel the need to post this stupid crap all over my wall, that really pisses me off"
new hendrix album is a work of <propmale> 
"got too see <propfirst> otero today, his mom is a champ idk how she does it  had some legit convos on the <propfirst> ride home  wink  "
"wow, real life out of high school is closing in fast  i cant even believe it"
4 more days untill my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i hate my life, i am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored"
"gotta present my senior project next wednesday, haha i guess that means i should probably start it"
"about to work on my truck, trying get this babay fixed up"
the green zone is an extremely legit movie
i will be 18 tomorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yes!! ungrounded baby, hit me up, lets <propfemale>!!"
im gettin a tat!
"i need a prom date, any takers????"
u dub goin to the next round!!! bring it on  new mexico!!!
"i got my truck fixed, so glad to have my baby back"
"flipped a quad and severly bruised my elbow and got a concussion, but had an extremley fun day yesterday"
really wish it was <propfemale> out
"that game was unbearable, really hard to watch"
and spring break has officially started   
"got a pick up basketball game today, nothing like a little street ball"
"will smith is thinking about a men in bliack 3!!!!!!!, i hope he decides ti do it"
"gettin my wisdome teeth pulled friday, yay"
you think you know whats up    and the pow!!! right in the kisser 
fourth shrek movie!!! im super excited may 21st
"i have played extreme amounts of xbox lately, life is good"
i hope i dont have dry socket
"you cannot be anything you want to be, but you can be more of what you already are"
"wow my mouth constantly hurts from getting my wisdom teethe pulled a week ago, i cant even sleep "
r i p <propfemale>
"i cant even wait untill the nfl and college football season comes around, life is so boring in the offseason"
it was all a dream   
im gonna sneek into the ice cream mans truck and replace his music with some wu-tang
"just bought a new game and now my xbox wont read discs, awesome"
the draft is in two days!!!!  im like a little kid waiting for christmas!!!!
"we only humans girl we make mistakes, to make it up i do whatever it take i love you like a fat kid love cake"
men in black 3 in 3d next summer!!!! im so excited!!
"seahawks drafted okung and <propfirst>, i think it was a very successful draft"
all you losers have fun at prom
"if your too kool for skool and didnt  go to prom, like my status"
"bears, beats, battlestar galatica"
just another day in the hood
hangin with the homies tonight
<propfirst> favre super bowl 2010 mvp
can you say halo reach beta? cant wait to play it
bomb threats are my favorite
who all is going to the graduation party with the school?
"hanging out down the street,  the same old thing we did last week"
fried chicken and watermelon anyone?
west philadelphia born and raised   
"car wash for breast cancer, hooray for boobies  one of the better car wash signs i have seen"
do people really think that <propfirst> montana wears shape ups?
"gave blood for the first time today, everyone told me i would feel sick and or dizzy, i felt fine, i could fill those bags all day long"
text cha cha i might get your question 
"these are the last 14 days of school i will ever have, thats whats up "
"based on my knowledge from working for cha cha, i have discovered that there are alot of dumb people out there "
where the heck do i buy peace tea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pokemon for gameboy will live forever 
anybody been to folklife yet? how is it?
"already halfway through 2010, absolutely amazing how fast time flies "
im pretty sure the army is calling my name
"got my two 12 inch kickers set up, sounds nice"
"life is good, lovin the summer time"
"chillin in the car they spent all day waxin\leanin to the side but you can't speed through\two <propmale> an hour so everybody sees you\there's an air of love and of happiness\and this is the fresh <propmale>'s new defintion of summer madness\\well said his roayl freshness"
"i grew up on a farm and i was born with no rhythm, \dr  phil’s my unkle and i like to <propfemale> with him  \i can’t dance, i wear kkhaki pants, \my middle name’s <propmale>, my grandma’s from <propfemale>  \so maybe i’m wack, cuz' my skin ain’t black, \but you can’t talk smack cuz' whity just struck back"
red <propfirst> and cold stone with home boys last night  good stuff
haha ocho cinco and owens possibly on the same team?  this season should be fun 
"shaq to the celtics, good stuff"
extremely unhappy the fair dosnt have the ring of fire
can some one tell me who won the volleyball tourny at summer breeze?
really interested to see how ocho cinco does tonight
"everyoody is leaving, this is kinda wierd  me and my fellow losers will have fun in stanwood "
the beach was fun but now im just sitting at home hot and bored 
i hate you with a burning passion <propfirst> favre
"different day, same stuff"
"my boy mikey v is starting qb for the eagles, i knew he would bounce back "
"children with special needs only want what we all want    to be accepted  may i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your \status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is \in honor of all children - made in a unique way or who learn a little differently "
cj spiller is tearing it up on kick returns
<propfirst> fitzgerald or <propmale> <propmale>?
"the social network was a great movie, thanks <propfirst> zuckerburg your a boss"
wow seattle picked marshawn lynch and <propfirst> moss is a viking
"yeah baby, threw down 12 tacos at taco tuesday"
"dear media,"
"hey media, thanks for adding a bunch of uneeded hype to this heroin issue, i love it when all i hear is people talking about it, and nothing has even been accomplished"
thats right marshawn is in beast mode
where's linder
"copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch inthe face  but we can raise awareness  93% of people wont re-post this  they need a punch in the face "
is handing out vials of insulin to obese kids this halloween
"got an interview at best buy, thats whats up"
"<propfirst> hart tearing it up, thats what i like to see"
faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see 
"you know when that one thing happens that you never thought would happen and your like, wow did that really just happen?"
"come on mikey v, lets do this thing"
i like how <propfirst> farve does excellent the second i bench him from my fantasy team 
"went ice skating and got a boo boo on my elbow but it was fun, thanks wife!"
i am officially a best buy employee
wow <propmale> is destroying  kc
glad i drafted <propfirst> <propmale> on my fantasy teams
"i'm <propfirst> mathis, women want me, men want to be me, and animals want to learn how to talk so they can <propfemale> out with me"
20-28 on completions + 333 passing yards + 4 passing td's + 80 rushing yards + 2 rushing td's = huge man crush
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  what's    on my shirt now  9  challenge you to post this  smile 
best buy is the coolest place to work
"if <propfirst> <propmale> dosnt play against the niners because he was \suspected\"" of driving intoxicated im going to be a very unhappy man """
bad fantasy week for me  sad 
<propfirst> vick needs to slide and quit taking hits
"<propfirst> hobbs got smashed, i hope he is ok"
just so i can be like everbody else on facebook    snow!!!!
i cant e playful ress my love for snl 
"im pretty sure <propfirst> zuckerburg said facebook was cool beause there were no ads, now there are a rediculous amount of ads and its really annoying  your ruining facebook <propfirst> "
who wants to join the military with me so we can take part in the korean war ii?
does anyone remember the black guy that would come in and teach us professor b  in elementary school? i miss him
anyone see the cortland finnegan <propfirst> <propmale> fight? that was fun
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse; copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same"
gotta love them dawgs
"well done boys, well done  <propfirst> polk you were wonderful my friend "
"i love the movie shark tale, i forgot all about it"
"do, dah, dippity"
it really makes me mad when i run out of cereal
we live in a world where hostility kills tranquility and lessens the possibilty of one man to love another like one loves his brother 
i just spilled a big box of nerds twice and a glass of milk all with in thirty seconds of each other and i cant find the broom  are you kidding me?
"im not too sure why everyone feels the the to hate on somebody,  especially when they have no reason to hate  people need to just need to <propmale> and relax "
"facebookin at work on my new droid, very satisfying"
gonna get a fat paycheck this pay period
does anyone have a fushigi? i really wanna get one but i want to be sure they work
<propfemale> willson is the best!!!!!!!
wow is anyone watching the dallas arizona game? it's crazy
i would very much like a day off
"well played branding, well played your really good at this game"
super happy i have new years off!
petco has some of the coolest looking water creatures i have ever seen
ha ha seahawks going to the super bowl with a losing record
"i am officially a part time employee at best buy, the manager just told me i can go home and i get paid till 7, tasty"
im determined to conquer boredom and its evil ways
"money departs from a blind man quickly \                                           -<propfemale> linder"
today sucks
what's on your mind facebook?
the saints are gonna get a seatown beatdown tomorrow!!!
"attention facebook, the spicy mcchicken from mcdonalds is a master peice, that is all "
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy "
it really bothers me when people wear out of date jerseys in public
"o baby this game is gettin good, <propfemale> in there hawks"
i  love  <propfirst> <propmale>
"lets go hawks, we are losing momentum"
what!!! marshawn is in beast mode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! who just saw that!!!! he broke six tackles!!!!!!
"<propmale> <propmale>, you rascal you"
eagles d just isn't cutting the mustard
"sorry to see philly lose, happy to see seattle playing chicago"
hospital food is my favorite!
that was a fun game to watch
being in seattle really makes me wish i had a camera
what is the deal? why is everyone so convinced its gonna snow like crazy?
the onion sports dome is already on of my favorite shows and it just started
i was unaware that xbox controlers have legs
"i just love black people, i love everything about them"
dang dawgs that would have been a good win
who loves orange soda?
"super stoked for the hawks game this weekend, i wish i didn't have to work so i could join the send off party"
"i started cooking bacon, only to find we have no eggs, needless to say i'm not a happy camper"
"wow ok, maybe the hawks will score 21 unanswered and tie it up?"
"tru is down for the count, time for thurmond to step up"
"ha ha hawks signed <propmale> cable as assistant head coach, interesting"
its interesting how much can change in a day
i missed american idol thanks a lot <propfemale>  sad 
does anybody else watch blue mountain state?
can anyone say u dub?
tired
zeds dead baby
kindles are super lame why would you not get a nook?
ha ha why are there so many guys that are drama queens on facebook? im kinda getting tired of all the dramatic posts
come on jets get it together 
ha ha did anyone see mendenhall hump rothlessberger when the kneed it?
i miss you fantasy football
i'm never going to shave my beard    ever
i love you <propfirst>!!!!!!  love  ~rebecca
i love my momma  smile 
i wish i lived in the shire
ha ha the nfc is dominating
let's go dawgs get it together
"the true soldier fights not because he hates what's in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him"
the beats by dre display in best buy is a black people magnet i love it
"some people on american idol are just crazy, did anybody see the <propfirst> brown wannabe?"
"having a good day at work, i'm selling like a champ"
i love <propfemale> willson!  smile 
congrats green bay i pretty much called your victory at the beginning of the season
valentines day is no good!
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n !! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
"eggs and bacon is not just a meal for breakfast, but a suitable meal for all hours of the day"
i love how the last few bites of a crunch wrap supreme are so messy and delicious
mistadobalina mista <propmale> dobalina
if <propfirst> farley wasn't fat would he still be funny? the world may never know
"doing a little work and lunch with pops, not bad"
even tho uw lost my boy mba had a nice game
 love  eggs and bacon  love 
that <propmale> wizard is giving away free power rings!!
im craving fruity pebbles right now
i love it when my dogs fart and it scares them
the fox sports article on cam <propmale> being a legend in his own mind is the dumbest article i have read
uw why must you lose like this?
"is <propfirst> sheen a psyco?\\[x] yes\[ ] no"
"no eggs, sweet"
o my lanta it feels sooooooo good to be back in the gym!!!!!!!!!
magic <propmale> posts way to much on facebook
i probably took more than anybody could survive  i was banging seven-gram rocks  because that’s how i roll 
"farmville wont work on this computer, im not a happy camper, however dubstep is lifting my mood"
"just saw a guy beating up a woman next to twin city foods, i wish i wasn't so skinny and weak"
"<propmale> gump is the best movie ever, the acting, the music, the story, everything  my favorite movie of all time"
it's about time we get hd tv
ha ha tiki barber filed papers to come out of retirement
if the color green really was the cause of global warning then why must all the midgets lick the toes of the innocent indiginous tribes of guadilahara
scruuuub
well done uw
that  miami  <propfemale> game was a good one
"so some one needs to come in to best buy, find me and apply for a best buy credit"
"<propfirst> is looking good, i hope the dawgs can knock off as"
"lockout sweet, we just got hd tv, there better be football next season or im gonna be pissed"
"fly, you fools  gandalf your the man"
"thansks for the birthday wishes everyone, i m just working from 230-900 on the this wonderful day"
work is really boring and i'm really hot
"i spilled a whole medium mountain dew in my truck, fantastic"
my boy <propmale> and uw gonna tear it up tonight
"today is gonna be <propfemale> boring, <propfemale> will make it better  smile "
"wow <propfirst> polk kicked off of the team, fantastic"
ha ha the casino cracks me up
these black nurses <propfemale> has  are my favorite!
i had hot sauce made with ghost peppers and i almost died
does anyone have an hdmi cable i can barrow????? i just got crysis 2 and i need to e playful erience it in hd!! please!!
