2d1efbf5a331c452ac78a1e21ec2c42a
looking for a job         laugh 
is losing weight  smile 
haiiiiiiiiii arigato
is bored
sheeps has skin diseases!!!!!!!!!!!!!! d:
roller coaster
is watching <propfemale> lately  laugh 
"is making a \100 things to do berfore i die\"" list  laugh """
can't wait for saturday yaaaaay
has drumline all week 8-12pm d:
i wake up in vegas everyday      laugh 
nai nai     hahahahahaha
ahhh my dad moved the ps3 in the living room because his tv broke (from playing game all the time)   that means madden everyday  annoyed 
haiiiiiii
needs to workout ;-;
legs hurt
ahahahaha
starts school tomorrow & is also going to try out for tennis  laugh  ftw
is hungryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy mhm
whatever mom
volunteered at they pacific islands festival for key club  smile 
theres a she wolf in the closet open up & set her free theres a she wolf in the closet let it out so it can breathe   laugh dddddd ahhhhhh
bored
chinese new years are wayyyyy better
haii  laugh 
hearing aid      wink 
dilligaf
nice game babes against durango!  wink 
"sweet 16 (; thanks guys, love you all  love 33"
"\you try to crawl into my head\"" ):"""
"<propfemale>, he's a douche  laugh "
"<propfemale>'s \mini me\""  smile """
playing mlb 10 on ps3  wink 
woke up early  softball practice at seven in the morning
i looooveeeee my madre  wink  haha happy mamas day  love 
treeeeees (;
"\you rock like spock!\"" -<propfemale>  laugh """
should i or no? hmmm   
"i'm serious <propmale>, i'm gonna call child services!  wink "
"kayla: don't call my name, don't call my name     uriel! (;"
damn that was hott  wink 
epiphany!
besties  smile 
switch-a-roooooooo (;
those were good times  smile  haha nice meeting up with you <propmale>  laugh 
whoa headache
mon petit copain  smile 
mmmm  boys are stupid
hoping that i'm doing the right thing
"tennis, anyone?"
why does my life suck right now? - -
whoaa i think you're a fcking cutieeeee  wink 
allrighty let's do this
hella funny!
tounge piercing? hahaha  laugh 
kyrztopher is mine!  smile 
"all i hear in my mind is: entropy, enthalpy, specific heat, kilajoules! man, i am so not ready for the chem test tomorrow - -"
gatorade!  laugh 
"trying to do my geometry project \ """
"take 'em off, put 'em down just a lil bit (;"
aiight (;
a piece left! (;
strung out on you   
liar liar liar liar liar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
t t
lol went to the gym yaaay
<propfemale> <propfemale>  laugh 
cuppy cake hahaha
things are gonna start blowin tomorrow  laugh 
pika    *sneeze* hehehe pokemon
wtf!!! cmon washington d;
french final ahhhhh
"az wildcats, baby!  laugh "
watching final fantasy
i think pheobe needs to start working out again ahhh
hawaii rainbow wahines!!!!!!!  laugh dddddd
"brah, no invite?! (oh no wait you did)"
"i'm suppose to be studying for chemistry and geometry, but i no like"
i need to study my freakin ions again!! totally forgot them - -
i think i like you  surprise 
sooo i woke this morning and thought i heard a meow o o i don't have a <propfemale>!!
"i'm a <propmale> yaaaaaay! hit me up guys, let's <propfemale>  smile "
running up that hill by placebo  calming song i think lol
yeaaa hawaii  laugh 
"who won, ucla or flordia?"
woah! haha <propfemale>
wiggly wiggly wiggly hahahaha (ilyamanda)
arizona wildcats! shit imma miss washington though
hawaii vs arizona! oh shiiiiiiit
just watched superbad  i need sleep
going for <propfemale> and ucla  annoyed  so whoever wins yay!
"\woooow! thats a low price!\"""""
"arizona vs ucla haha its on, go wildcats!"
rj berger is prettyyy funny
oh gosh i love that huggies jeans diaper commercial  laugh 
that was a dumbass move (left fielder)
yea i need to find a job so i won't be sitting on my ass all summer  annoyed  
"\arre-arredondo arre-arredondo\"" lmao ahh lets go wildcats"""
dude my team got killed! haha maybe next year lol  laugh 
aiinokea lol
why is a <propfemale> like a writting desk?
haha sooo i forgot to turn in my chemistry book ahh
"so here i am wearing surf shorts, walking to pick up my sister hahaha schweet!"
cal state fullerton  laugh 
ahh got my phone taken away
i think i finally figured out the deal about guys ahh yep
96707 all day sonnnn
"be a flirt, lift your shirt???? eww perv"
two years yay
technology deprived  surprise 
"dear deity whoever listens to me the most, why did you create such idiots upon this earth?"
missing something
got my phone back hahaha yay
lost planet 2 all night haha
why do asians think they're badass? haha i know im asian too but i don't act like i have a chopstick shoved up my ass
hakuna matata smile 
<propfemale> is here (;
"shalalala dont stop now, dont hide how you wanna kiss the girl haha little mermaid (;"
"you're broken, im broken, and thats all right"
happy still  smile 
mornings suuuuck
cinniminion!? smile 
yea im sleeping with <propfemale> (;
"\forever\"" is a stupid word"""
"\you cock-juggling thundercunt\""  smile """
"i wish someone could tell me that i was a \tulip\"" girl"""
ughhh distraught wtf
"got desperate, wished at 11:11pm"
the battle for the hott japanese guy is on!  laugh 
kefe smile 
ever had that feeling when you feel like crying but you cant? hmm strange
truth be told    
hey guess what? i'm granting your wish    letting you go 
<propfemale> balls of independence!!!!!
im pretty good at listening to my ipod and watching tv at the same time
refuse to be forgotten
mmm softball again smile 
"without death there is no beginning, so guess what? youre dead to me smile "
i miss my madre  frowny 
i got a new sister!!!!! pieper alferez smile 
someone should send me some zippys!!!!!
i think i just saw a smurf jew on the table
ghost recon and call of duty needs to come out already
<propfirst> bergman is a douche!!!!!! so everyone should go and fuck him up for me
"allright i'm calm, thanks to zellman"
"haha found my old ds, yaaay fire red pokemon all night long"
i'm looking so good without you(;
rip my ps3 ;         wahhhhhhh!!!!
haha i like doin quizzes that people have already taken
"fell asleep for 5 minutes, had a nightmare that i was drowning ; "
"\what is important to you? would you give me the happiness of stealing it from you?\"""""
why in the motherfudge am i still up!?!?
interesting convo with zellman
haha ps3 is alive again! <propfemale> vs capcom
and i wonder if i ever crossed your mind
ooooh its windyyyyyy!!!!
two hippos and two baby elephants  wink 
wow that just killed my mood
damn that just killed my mood even more ah lame
thrice  love   love   love   love   love 
just finished reading the lucky one ah it was cute
i just died a little ; 
i need some sleep
i think a cuddle <propmale> is needed ah cant sleep
my name is pheobe and paco is my baby hahahaha
everythings just peachy   yea peaches are good
"i lied, everythings not so peachy wtfffff"
no no wait i lied again  laugh 
"before i answer you bitch, lemme spit one question, if you hate me so much what's up with your obsession? and yea i'd rather be the ballsack than the <propmale> hahaha cunt you so lameee"
foxtrot uniform <propfirst> kilo
it has been a while since ive swung my softball bat    ; 
hey heyy heyyy   
i miss youuuu     and you and you and you and you hehe
"exxxit liiiiiight, enterrrrr niiiiight"
newborns smell like oreo cookies mmm yummy ha i love my baby sister  love 
lightning love 33
i haaaate cali drivers! learn how to freakin drive!!!! haha road rage
paintball gun is found aha i kill youu!
yes i feel like a happy camper smile 
nutella!!!
wow my elbow is effed up ; 
this may be the freakiest dream ive ever had  surprise 
word of the day: debauchery
you so dakine!
i cant believe im watching jersey shore right now lol
"pomona, ca? smile "
oi?
forget you! im diggin my main squeeze ha my wifey  wink 
ooh someone is gettin <propmale> cracks!!!
industrial techno be blowin up in here
no i'm not alright with that  
eminem is my best friend
i spy a <propfirst> behring doing taekwondo haha
let's go yankees hahaha  laugh 
estuans interius <propfirst> vehementi  hahaha if you know where this is from then you mustve been bored like me
"i dunno what's worse, online applications or written applications blehh they both suck"
"like a good neighbor, statefarm is there!  with a sledgehammer"
finally taking drivers <propmale>! gotta get my license smile 
it smells like rain    yuuuuuucky
yankees love 33
soooo    anyone know when school starts?
aishiteru   
i think there's too much boob talk
doubts and strong oppostions
"you don't get another <propmale>, life is no nintendo game"
"wow that wasn't my best workout ; so out of shape, i want my softball legs back hahaha"
nom nom nom your face
"ha i need a break, byeee"
flarious by <propfemale> <propfemale>  laugh 
zarith (;
gears of war threeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
falcon puuuuunchhhhhhh!!!!!
you make me wanna throw up butterflies and glitter haha smile 
i can't resist because i'm a sucker for promiscuous
kayaking on the 22nd!!!! yessiree  laugh 
i haaaaate crickets  
so freakin happy!!!!!! and yea the world should know hahaha
made in <propfemale>
ooosh tomorrow?
hm wow yoda status haha
had a nice day smile 
go hawaii!! little league  laugh dddd
why do i like youu!?!?  surprise 
"thrice, deftones, and incubus is all i need right now"
j'ai soif et faim ;
what the heck am i thinkin?  no god knows
"damn boy, im still lookin good without you(;"
"truth be told, i miss you    turth be told, i'm lying!"
waipahu vs huntington  smile 
you try to crawl into my head  
i believe i believe!!! haha in bujesus yesss
aye! you one scrubb  laugh 
"you took me home, i drink too much  cause of you, my liver turns to dust"
i dnt feel good and zubats are annoying
"f4d3d, needs sleep"
2hr sleep yessss -     -
just went school shopping  for clothes  laugh 
gow2 be callin my name hahaha
someone should cuddle with me bc i'm hella cold and has one mean headache yay
omg gundam wing on syfy channel!?!?!? ha sweeeet
i text too much
okasaaaannnnn! hehehe
"i want a keyboard, drum set, and synthesizer"
resistance 3?!? where was i for resistance 2? ;
"dear motherfudger, my time is wasted with you"
well then    laugh dddddd
sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye
ehhh shaddup  
are you doing the herbal? winky dink haha
wow sooo im in cali? haha
"master of puppets, im pulling your strings  twisting your mind and slashing your dreams  blinded by me, you can't see a thing  just call my name cause i'll hear you screammmm master master"
i want a tongue web piercing    hehehehe
"soy <propfemale> prededor, imma loser baby, so why don't you kill me?"
where are youuuu?  frowny 
wtf whos hacking me
woo kayaking tomorrow with the fam  laugh 
marry me <propfirst> <propmale>!!!!!!!! hahaha me likey
greetings from arizona  laugh 
"\hold me like youve held onto life\"""""
school starts in a week! ha wow what happened to studying for sats over the summer?
woke up this morning  you got yourself a gun
oh yea i like watching ff7 with <propmale> subtitles ; wheres the remote control?!
"schedule: sports medicine, pe 1, physics 1 honors, us history 1 honors, alg 2, american lit honors hahaha yay"
"today, i think something died in my heart    oh it was you haha"
i hate filling out job applications - - but i need some moolah to buy stuff haha
"dear kuunani <propfirst>, i loves youu!  laugh dd"
"someone should kidnap me, anywhere but here is just fine  "
i can hear my mind laughing at me    ;
oooh the new metroid game looks fun to play
"boys are gonna make me go lesbian or something, fckin hate them blehhhh"
bury me alive  
"get them bottles poppin, we get that drip andthat drop, now get me two more bottles cuz you knw it dont stop, helllllll yeaaaa drink it up drink it up"
cmon hawaii  laugh dd
wtf i don't even have a damn binder and pencil
"alright kardashians, spin crowd, then sleeeeeeep!"
school yay smile 
"ohh yea it be \snowing\"" in my classes  laugh dd"""
"ha what the heck, algebra2 diagnostic test?"
gonna be late on the second day of school
aha 4 hrs into school and i already lose my sports medicine book    but i found it  laugh 
angelyka <propmale> and i like to pee together during lunch  laugh d
gonna see my awesome chica kuunani <propfirst> tomorrow!!  laugh d
5 x 5 = 30! hahaha suckahhhhh
"had an awesome time with <propmale>, <propfemale>, and joan smile "
lol forgot about <propmale>  laugh 
"he said i was a bitch bc i asked \are you okay?\"" wow you're a dumbass! no wait i'm a dumbass for actually feeling some sympathy for you haha fck you"""
hey i will get you a spoon so you can eat my ass hahaha
"\i would suck the fart outta her ass like a <propfemale> hit\""  wink d"""
dude you've just been cockblocked by <propmale> jobs
its quite obvious that pheobe needs to start working out again
"what is a \poke\""? hm?"""
me and <propfemale> berke are gonna tryout for bowling because we like big balls  laugh d
total bum status today haha yay
soooo  my essay is a bunch of bullshit haha
mumford and sons
i freaakin love ms dinkel hahaha
9 11  frowny 
pikachu is my boyfraannn!  laugh 
<propfirst> bieber  you need more water bottles thrown at you
jenova
utah   hm mormon
i need to get my drivers license like pronto!!!
bergman  laugh d
resident evil toniiiiiight
yay just found out i passed all my proficiency tests!
may i fondle with your breast-uh-ses  ? please?
movies tomorrow?
gonna watch devil
"awesome day haha! devil was actually good  then went movie hopping with the babe and saw bits of the other guys, takers, easy a, inception, machete, and resident evil "
"must stay up to watch bleach, inuyasha, and gundam wing with <propfirst>"
people are lame 
unhappy camper
worried hm i dunno where he is ahh wtf  sad (((
happy camper  laugh d
drivers test scheduled on october 20th yay
parents met the boyfriend today hehe it went better than i thought  smile 
so i saw these girls dancing naked and i was sure they were witches
someone should lend me fable
omg windwaker!
its hard to find clothes for a boyfriend
"for the turtle, would you like whipped cream   and  turtles?"
youll see me driving on the road  laugh 
cal poly pomona or cal state fullerton?!?!?!  sad 
"\the light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us  only that day <propfemale>s to which we are awake  there is more day to <propfemale>  the sun is but a morning star \"""""
i need to start training for softball and iron girl  surprise 
theres rice on the floor!! i hate rice on the floor
"dear <propfemale>, i want kalua pig, lau lau, lomi  salmon, and zippys chili!!!!!"
gonna workout by just dance 2  playful 
"wheeeeeeee whee whee wheeeeeeeee, wheeeeeeeeeee wheeeeee whee whee   wheeeeeeee!"
it was like being a hungry baby in a topless bar
<propfirst> bergman is a poop  annoyed 
i want poh-tah-toe  sad 
watching pokemon 4ever on netflix!!!! yaaaaaaaay
"rain, rain go away, come again another day   i need to run"
opened up some presents already haha!
<propfemale> xmas!!  smile 
gonna run with my new shoes!!  laugh 
snow?!?! in vegas?!?! hahaha
does anyone have perryman for alg2?!?!
no i dont like you  no im not in a good mood
"basso, how could you     sad "
sats on may 7th! study study study  sad 
gamertag: pheebz808
some people have no life  level 1106 on soul calibar  oh  hell  no   
"dear <propfirst> mehl, i love it when you call me <propfirst> winkle, throw your hands in the air if youre a true whale!  laugh "
i didnt know afi was blaqk audio
ponyo!!!!!
"marinka vandam likes to do the \praying mantis\"""""
a lot of chicks look like they've been caked in the face haha
when you can see your breath outside that means its too freakin cold!!!!
no one's gonna take me alive
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me
capcom vs <propfemale> 3
<propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> carmona better come to softball today
i made varsity softball yaaaaay!
i think im done with this
grandma ; love 
grandma alferez love 33
