edda4117d55bab2c8c620e69d1f0ab33
"so i got a new phone, my computer broke, i thik i got a job, oh and i'm not preg    woohoo, shut up mom   lol"
i love you mommy
"yes yes, you read the last one right, dont yell at me  all of you know mom, just ask her, tell her i said it was ok    playful  hot dam "
lalalala i hate being sick might give mom a call today
i got a tatoo!!!!!!!
"fuck i hate being that mad  i'm ok now, but god dam, motherfuckers need to not be 2faced    *sigh* kisses all"
"so it started raining today, and hasn't stoped yet, it's days like this i miss morro bay  i love you guys "
drunk bowling!!! woohoo
happy new years i'm trashed lol
so did anyone miss the memo that i'm having a baby??? ya i'm 19 weeks    smile  my baby reg is with <propmale> world  just enter my name (<propfemale> riggs) my state (<propfemale>) and when i'm going to pop (july 2 or 3)    thats just if you want to get me something   lol
so my baby shower is in march (i think) and if you want to go drop me a note with all your contact info so my stepmom can make the invites   
so my baby shower is in march (i think) and if you want to go drop me a note with all your contact info so my stepmom can make the invites    that means you!!! i need everyone's info so i can get this shit moving  i still want contact info for you people who likve to far to come since you should still get your pretty paper invite     laugh  dont pissoff the prego    
"i love how when i need to use my car, the people i'm being so nice as to let use it want to be all pissy, sorry if i'm 21 fucking weeks preg and dont want to walk home from work in the fucking foot and a half of snow!!!! what no one seems to get is that my dad will take the car away if he finds out i'm walking to and from work, and he always knows  !!gahhhh!!"
boy   !!! yes we're having a boy
my fine is $855     dam
"so workouts when your hella preg sucks     i'm 26 weeks, i have 14 weeks to go ( about 3 months 2 weeks to go) we have bad ass ultrasound pic's, we just need a scaner so i can post them  lol "
"and i'm off all fucking week and most likly next week to   someone come work out with me    working out alone sucks, it wont be a hard workout for you cuz we'll be going at the prego's pace   lol but i just dont want to do it alone anymore    lol  laugh "
"i think my boss is firing me and just dosn't have the guts to tell me, and you know what thats kool, cuz her kid is a spoiled brat who needs to be put in special edd  i'm cool with not working since every one but me in the house is working again   wooo go <propfirst>!!!"
so i got myself the funnest astrology book ever   lol go ahead ask me all about your zodiac     you'll laugh for days
"so i have a headake, i just realized that like half my family ates the other half    ahd badly, like to the point that they cant even get together for a few lame houres to have my babyshower    i dont get it    but hey that means i get two showers and more gifts   lol"
"baby gift list     walmart com if anyone feels like geting me something, thats the whole list all you need is my name (<propfemale> riggs)"
"pop quiz kids, what happnes when you take a woman with depresion, get her pregnant, then let her cry herself to sleep when her depresion has been really bad for 3 days, while you go sit in your her living room and drink completly ignoring her? she goes completly fucking nuts       then when she hears the voice of some woman she dosn't know in her living room? you dont want to find out!!"
so sorry about the atack of the bitch last night   lol all better
pic's of the baby are up    take a look
i have come to the conclusion that i am going to hell in multiple religions    should be fun   lol
"(rubs forhead) y r men so confusing, y is lust so complicated, y is life so hard??"
if only for one day the answer was yes what would you ask of me??
"so my myspace is a lil emo now, or maby it's just the bullition i posted"
"omg omg omg omg omg omg!!!!!! (pant pany gasp gasp) so i'm on the laurell k  hamilton official web <propfemale> and i stumbled into her online store, i have decided that if i dont have one of the shirts i'm going to die   lol  it's the everything i need to know about life i learned from reading <propfemale> <propfirst>  starts to twich i want it i want it, if someone gets it for me i'll be your good little slafe forever    lol"
"fuck      so i really did lose my job, so i'm going to lose my laptop, my phone, and alot of the other nifty things i've really started to enjoy  cuz there's no way i can pay 15 every 2 weeks for my phone, and almost 60 a month for my laptop  i cant make <propmale> pay it, thats not fair to him "
"good god, so the fing muse struck the whole first chapter and at least 8 other really cool parts to god knows how many other chapter's jumped out of my head  i dont know how many of my friends are going to end up as parts of this, but i have a fealing quite a few, if any one really dosn't want to be turned into part of my new book, let me know"
"so if you a semi large e playful loshion near down town reno today, no big just me, i'm cooking   lol sorry to anyone who lives to close    lol i'm having way to much fun   lol"
"come on people, work with me  all i want is 4 u to add one simple app, i dont care if you even play it after i get 8 people to add me and do my upgrades you can deleat i dont care  i'm just running out of stuf i can do with out the upgrades    (farmville)"
"so the baby shower is today!!!! if you do not rsvp by 1 you cant come since the shower is at 2 pm \text 775 224 5369 04 call 342 8726"
"happy mom day to all the moms  i woke up in a kind of shock, i'm a mom now, i get to have people tell me happy moms day, it was kinda strange   lol but in a good way"
going to the movies with my love  see you all later 
"so the movie rocked and we had a blast, i love date night, or rather date day, one day alone with him is just not      well i'm gready i want more lol"
"?? is one in the afternoon to early to be thinking about sex?? some how it feels like drinking before 12, dont ask me   lol"
"just take off your wing, they can never get you quite as high as i did  and you know it   "
"hahaha thats fun, i turned it to pirate and i cant stop giggling  you sould try it"
"feeling super sexxxy right now, so i took some new pic's   "
"i'm shure 10 in the morning is way to early to be thinking about sex  but i cant help it  lol, is it conceted to say that some of the pic's i took yesterday turned me on    lol thank god it's friday or my house would be wanting to kill me   lol"
"omg today sucked    my cat got hurt somehow, he got his neck pinched realy realy bad  and the reno vet's gave me the fucking run around, cuz i'm not working and preg  i feel like shit my cat's are my baby's, it's killing me that he's hurt "
"so <propfirst> is going to be ok, but he looks so bad, the vet put the cone on his neck and he's pissed, but i'm ok with him being mad at least he's alive to be mad at me  on other new's, the baby could be here any time now and i really want him here so i can sleep  it's hard to sleep when 7 pounds are rolling inside you "
so the dr  says any time this month for baby day  we are tryng to hold him in till at least the 14th cuz thats when <propmale>'s vacation kicks in so this weekend i'm going to go 4 whealing and see if that makes him come out   lol any other ideas (other than walking) to get him out here??
"i know i have to get out of bed and be a big girl, but i dont wanna  i have to give my cat his med's, do dishes, start my dinner for tonight, and plan <propmale>'s birthday  not excited    i just want to go swiming and pretend i'm not real "
"omg omg omg omg, i was just boping around on the net and i found hard core eye <propfemale>, *pant pant* so hot"
"well i dont have a laptop anymore rac is such a scam     dont ever go there  they wanted to charge me over 600 for one of the little notebooks that you see at walmart for 200 350 <propmale>, so fucked up  so no new pic's for a while, and i cant get on yahoo messanger or skype till i get a new one  dam "
"yes i'm a bitch!!! unfortunately most women \will not repost this    i make mistakes, i'm crazy and occasionally out of \control  i'm emotional, and at times and i'm hard to handle - but if you \can't handle me at my worst, you sure as hell don't deserve me at my\best! (if you're a bitch, repost this! i dare you)   "
going on a walk (i dont wanna) down to the river with my soon to be sister in law and her 3 month old  we will be heading downtown towrads the river circle  meet up with us if you want   laugh 
"so my dr's appt yesterday was cool, she told me i need to have lots of vigorous sex, as much as me and my partner can handle  and thats always fun to be told  so hey any volunteers   lol"
"false alarm last night, so sigh no baby  we just get to keep trying   lol"
"lame lame lame!!!! this sucks hardcore ass, i'm in so much pain that it takes me 20 fucking minets to walk from my computer to the kitchen  i'm 39 weeks preg and it feels like it's never going to end  i'm sick of being in pain      sad  d:"
going to go take a bath to see if that will help with the pain
"i'm so done  none stop pain all night got 2 hours of sleep (my grand total for the week is now 5) and the pain is so bad i'm almost blacking out  39 weeks today, and i'm going to have the dr  induce me on thursday at my appt "
"so dr today, we will see if she will be nice and induce me  cus i'm not doing another week of this crap "
"so no baby yet, but the pains gone down  the guys have a betting pool going to see when i pop  <propmale>'s dad says 9 something tonight, lets hope "
so no 9 something tonight   lol any one else wanna add a bet on when i pop  bet's start a $2
*sigh* still no baby  but we're working on it  i walked for like 3 hours today and am going to go take a nice cold shower  lets hope that helps lol
i wanna go swimming!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but <propmale> wont swim in the river or the <propfemale>  and i dont want to go fight for space with a bunch of kids     *sigh* never any luck 
"it's so hot in my house, we have no ac and it's like 90 outside  and still no baby   "
"10:57 am on his due date, it's already so hot that we are driping  still no baby  also no want for food  when it's this hot i have a really hard time eating  if he's not here today i'm charging late fee's lol"
blahh we feel over cooked   
"i'm so fucking pissed     all day yesterday i waited to go swiming, then dude had to cancle cus of work  ok shit happnes!! so he tells us mon for shure  so this morning he says not till 3, then it's 4 then it's 5 ish  and now i'm starting to think it wont happne at all  all i fucking want is to go swiming!!!"
still no baby     i feel like i'm going to be preg forever   
so i got to go swimming today  and it was wonderful!! so now i'm hoping that baby will come now 
i hate my body clock  it's not even 8 smile 0 why am i awake    *sigh* i'm going back to bed
"so umm hey, any of you girls that have kids, did your water break? what did it feel like??"
i did all the tests for at home and i think my water broke this morning so i'm going to the dr today to see if i'm right  it may be that i'm just so ready for baby to be here that i created this but we can hope right
"so dr  say's that my water didn't break, but it dont matter, they set me up for an iol tomoro at 3"
so we go in to have them induce me at 3 pm today  if any of you are the praying type start up around then  i need a healthy quick labor and a healthy baby boy  i love you all!
"so he,s hear!! 9frickin pounds!!! i'm so worn out "
we r at renown if u wanna come see us  he is the cutest kid here no joke
"so posting tto facebook from <propmale>'s phone was a pain in the ass  lol  my new little wonder was born 9 pounds and 20 inches, he was only 4 day's overdue so he is a big boy  we are home and so thankfull to be out of the hospital "
"so i think i have this night feeding thing figured out  after he's atached and i'm good and proped up and he's good and proped up, i go back to sleep, not like a deep sleep but def asleap  <propfemale> did that all night and i feel fine today  also leting him just eat and eat ment he slept longer in between  he's a happy boy i cant w<propfemale>t to get pic's up "
"breast feeding is amazing, i cant picture geting out of bed making a bottle feeding the baby changing him puting him back to sleep and trying to go back to sleep before he's hungry again  all i have to do is pick him up settle back into bed feed him change him and put him back to sleep"
"so i over did it yesterday, little man's appt, then to walmart for over an hour  then i find out most women dont really leave there houses for 3 or 4 days after geting home    o o i only gave birth 4 days ago and i'm already moving "
"so we did lunch with my grandma and papa, his greatgranma and greatpapa   lol, he slept the whole time   lol"
omg omg omg!!!! i put our baby swing together todady and he's been asleap for 2 hours  i had to wake him up to feed him!!!!! next time i see my aunt b i'm going to kiss her whole face for geting me the swing   lol
hey every one  pic's of little dude are up but just not on face book  my post about our365  com has a link to all the pic's
feading a 2 week old and typing now thats multi-tasking
"lol so an ex dedacated a song to me today   lol  i think he was trying to be rude with the song he picked but i think the song is hot, and it's a complament that i fucked his head up that bad   lol (toxic valintine by all time low)"
so my crazy land lady has decided to do a random walk thrugh next week  cuz ya the house with a newborne is going to be fucking spotless    so anyone wanna come have a cleaning party i'll get pizza and rum    
"almost clean, and then we fing out she wont be here till thursday    -_- t_t"
"almost clean, and then we fing out she wont be here till thursday    -_- t_t"
so just waiting for my friend lizzy to come see me    sigh
so lizzy being here was fun  we got some photos of the baby  that was great 
"talking to my boyfriend when he's drinking is like beating my head on the wall, for hours, hard  i've had more luck teaching math to a dog  i dont even know why i talk to him when he's like this  it pisses me off so bad, so much, more than i can e playful lane in this post!!!"
"i'm so glad i have people in my life like <propfirst>, cuz i might have done something stupid otherwise  love you people "
so i died my hair last night  black    it looks ok  i need another box 2 get the missed spots but i dont know y i didnt do this before  lol
"talked to an ald friend last night, then woke up with \need you now\"" by lady antebellum stuck in my head """
"so do any of you know where i can go to try to find out what an old \rare\"" car of my papa's is worth", he wants to put it in hot augest nights next year and told me to gat as much info about it as i can    \edda4117d55bab2c8c620e69d1f0ab33,got my ring got my ring got my ring got my ring!!!!!
"so i started the livestrong com lose weight dare, it's super cool it's the ultimate food calorie counter and work out tracker  lol and the website is free   hehehe"
"so day 2 on my livestrong com weight loss dare, tracking your cal intake sucks a lil, well alot but it wakes my ass up to what i'm really eating  <propmale> thinks i'm being silly, but i really dont want to be fat anymore and i dont know how else to do it  and dont tell me i'm not fat    cuz i am, my dr said so, not horidly but ya fat"
i'm not random you just cant think as fast as me   lol
so today is me and <propmale>'s 2 year   lol
"wow, 2 years, who would have thought "
so has anyone talked to <propfemale> in a bit    her last update was a firw by her house     big fire   
so i droped 2 pounds doing my livestrong com
september 19 is international talk like a pirate day! isn't that fun
"having a bbq today, so much fun"
lol happy talk like a pirate day
girl party!!! if you didn't get an invite its only cuz u dont live in <propfemale> or cant get here to come     so excited
hey girls    check your events update on the party   lol  laugh 
"so i'm trying to get all my healthy me apts up and running, and it took me 2 hours and i'm not even done    makes me want to scream    "
"so i need a new roommate    any takers?? i live on the number 2 bus line one block from the 5, 11, 13, and 15  and only a 5 <propfemale> walk to city center and down town    the rent for the room is only 270 power is 70 to 80 and we have net already set up   "
i'm so excited for my party    ohh i want so manny of the things she's going to be selling i could never have all the cash i need   lol  i want all my girls to be able to e playful erience this stuff  so much fun  laugh 
so excited to go to my moms
btw the net got turned off at my house cuz charter sux so sorry i've been mia
fyi to every one from ca i will be back in slo  from the 21 till after turky day hit me up if you wanna see me and my amazingly cute baby!!!
so i'm here!!! slo town here i am!! miss me?
"happy turky day my loves  oh the things i am greatful for, my lover, my child, my sister and my mother  the fact that my son is starting to be able to amuse himself for 5 <propfemale>  the fact that  i am 400 <propmale> from reno  the fact that every one i love is healthy  that i am loved  that our landlady finaly got us a new oven  yes i am thankful"
kinda over my man's need to party thing  its geting kind of old   
ahh the sweet revenge of the hangover    lol that's what he gets! sadly i dout it will teach him  sad 
so as another year comes to an end i realize how greatful i am for my amazing friends and family  i would like to say thank you for all the love and suport i have goten from all of you this year  i love you all <propfemale> christmas!!
sigh the babys teething    no more sleep
so my baby has 2 teeth and he's chewing on everything
so tomorow is my 21st birthday!!! so excited lol
"so i am super pissed!!! my baby cuz is living in fucking <propfemale> now and he got beat up by some 18 yearold assholes  now i know my cuz is no saint he really has a smart mouth so i'm shure he asked for it but god dam it my cuz is only 100 pounds, and like 4 of these fucks did this  how manny 18 year old \men\"" do you need to break his nose and give him a cuncusion  it makes me sick and i hope they go to jail!!"""
so i'm super drunk!!! like 6 drinks at shooters in reno and i'm hella trashed and feeling really good!
so we won a super cool spa room for last night and it was amazing  we had <propfemale> and fruit and drinks we had so much fun 
i hate politics!! i swear to god if one more person thinks i care if they think they have an opion on it i'm going to scream!!! i dont care!! i swear to goddess i am just going to move to <propfemale>!
i hate snow! it makes my body hurt! i am alergic to snow!!
so i should have working internet in the house soon! the 23 is our turn on day so ohh ya i will be back with a vengence!!
so att is a bitch!! they fucked us over so if they don't fix it by tomorow we will be taking it over the top!!
so btw the dmv sucks!!!!!!!
"so we have house net again!!!!!!\so excited, i'm so back"
"is bored    like a mouse    with a yo-yo    i mean really, what is a mouse gonna do with a yo-yo??!! i'm serious, think logically"
i figured it out   bella only likes <propfirst> more cause he will go down on her even if it is that time of the month 
"so hey\if we were locked in a room alone for 24hrs what would we b doing? comments below or my in box for the shy  playful "
i'm going to go have a 3some     with my bed my pillow and my blanket!!! kisses and night night every one
so computer in bath room not a bad idea  computer for music during bath still not a bad idea    forgeting you skype is on while with computer in the bath    bad idea   lol
i feel like i should sing rubber ducky   lol
so who has skype???
so my bed is talking dirty to me and tomorow is my big gym day so peice loves
just got home from the gym     i feel like i got hit by a truck! but 300 cal an hour isnt a bad rate   lol
good lord ppl what am i choped liver??? why will no one come love on me?!? i just want one friend to come chill and no one ever comes! i mean for real i am home all day almost every day cant you ppl just stop in for a <propfemale>
so i'm on skype if anyone wants to talk to me    jayne riggs
"god mornings suck\at least i rememberd ro set my coffie maker last night so i got to have my drink right off the bat"
"so ya ppl suck\i'm in a chat room and they are all hella rude"
"so excited, my step mom wants to take my kid for the weekend"
"wow so its already friday\huu"
"so i am playin on a new websight kinda like facebook but called fetlife, it's kinda bad ass if thas what ur into   lol"
playing on skype
"so i found myself thinking of <propfemale> today, so this is the first time since she left us i didn't cry when i did  i dont know  i feel better then i have in years  new friends help "
maby its me but the healthfood fruit shakes never tast good to me  and now i have to do like one a week for my gym thing     lame
you're sleeping between a hot girl and a gay dude  you're all naked   who do you turn your back to when you sleep?
happy <propfemale> drinking day
"apple lemon\ya i know dont ask"
ya changed my mind just apple lol
"most of us have at least 200 friends on facebook, but when it comes to needing a friend to talk to, how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee not even 15 of your friends will like this status  like this status if you will be there for me     set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you"
"ouch ouch ouch, cut my finger open today, and it hurts really bad  and now i relize that i'm out of pepsi      sad "
so i'm siting on my front porch blaring ke$ha and dancing   lol i love my girls
"going downtown going to start trouble, hit me up "
dancing on my porch to really loud music     wanna come watch? lol
"so ya     just a bit drunk\lol"
"one warning to all of you who think your cute, any april fools joke that have my kid, my parents or my love in them will not be taken well  other than that, free for all  lets play"
"so i just sent the strangest message ever, and i'm shure dude is going to think i'm crazy"
"so, i'm still doing card readings, i will do your reading starting at 1$, comeon who wants to know your future"
"so we took baby <propfirst> to the park today  he loves the swings, hates the sand, and is really not shure about that grass thing"
"kc, know that i love you  you are toms best friend and you are almost like family to me  but also know this, tonight is the last time you make me cry from being a drunk ass  when you drink at my house all you do is get mean and tell me i'm shit so i'm over it  done  i love you but if you want to come over do it sober "
