c759cc36ed61f6cfad0133dc4ec7374c
my house was teepeed    cool 
"is hella hungry because all he ate today was a chocolate chip chewy bar, and a chipolte"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=r-gj7og--ya pretty sick
two pages of dubble spaced bullshit finally done  smile 
<propmale> weasly is a p i m p 
i need a new profile picture    badly  annoyed 
11:11
"oh why, ayal?"
"aight, night! oh, i dont work tomorrow, yessss, but i do on tuesday, lol"
what the fuck were the chances   
hawaii till el 10th
camp everytown > hawaii
what would happen if i suddenly decided that i didnt like being called kashi?
rain was here  smile 
tangerines are good  smile 
goodnight
"goodnight summer, ill see you in 9 months"
i actually got a good id   yearbook picture this year!!!!
this was deffinitly one of the faster weeks of my life
thank you <propfemale> stanczak!!!
i need to shoot less
that sucked 
catch-22 actually seems like a good book    its a shame
<propfirst> shaver is the stupidest person i know 
my speakers dont go loud enough
"course notes, then spark's notes"
kicked out of 4   5 fucking practices 
i am no longer a sushi virgin 
<propfirst> peek is the man 
how come all of my recent profile pics have been with my shirt off?
"bye facebook, i ahve to get pre calc done now "
"hellllla <propfemale> vu, lol"
"<propmale> ralley tomorrow at lunch, be there if ur not, im goin optimus prime on yo ass"
i sure hope that the class of 2011 didn't set the bar tooo high for the seniors    
homecoming was helllla fun  too bad my phone broke tho  sad 
just finished taking a nap from 3:15 to 7 surprise 0
i hella feel like a wizard right now 
"220-215 in favor, go house of reps!! now its ur turn senate!!!"
"hey, check out the fhs historical albums just uploaded on my <propfemale>  also, help tag please!"
"i'll love anybody who helps me tag <propmale> and sophomore rallys, campus patrol, and the watermelon run!!!"
halfway through the month    15 days to go
blood drive = super amazing
snowboarding tomorrow in colorado!!!
california here i come
was it a surprise? or did the name just rub off
less than 4 hours till the end of no-shave november!!!!
aftershave sure feels good  playful 
tomorrow's gonna suck  sad 
worst day of the weeks over
asaf avidan-antonir
"asaf avidan-antonir i'll give u that one, pretty clever  thanks for changing my status"
"tomorrow, i'm gonna wake up, shower, brush my teeth, and then shave!!!!"
my drive to do work is gone
<propfemale> luotto is a nice person and doesnt leave mean statuses on her friends facebooks  your welcome kashi  smile 
new phone!!!
"selling ayal pomerantz's call of duty: modern warfare 2 for $15 for the 360, anyone?"
cant start apush  annoyed 
"gave a hobo 75 cents today at inn-n-out, then a split second later he got kicked out, great "
there is nothing to do in sunnyvale 
fremont idc exchange tomorrow!!!!!
passion pit 
book of <propmale> > avatar
needs a haircut 
school? bring it 
everybody vote!!! http annoyed  delllounge com superprom justinjieli default aspx
fuck this 
what classes should i   shouldnt i take next year?
"so the made interview was hella sick, but for some reason mine was way shorter than everyone before me  sad "
everybody make sure to check ur mailboxes this week and check out the measure b flyer!!!  laugh 
dude i feel hella accomplished right now
tuesday? no problem  wednesday? easy  thursday? fuck fuck fuck fuck
is it too late to buy my prom bid?
is officially vegetarian 
is hairy 
just took a 2 hour nap
was kissed by a 6 year old boy at work today    what?
so im deffinitly gonna rock the stubble for a bit
everybody feel free to check out   tag pictures of the fremont community just posted up!
the <propfirst> kashi athletic pose of the week is a go 
g t l 
"who ever would have thought that grapes of wrath would mention \swagger\"""""
fuck the ap
"\don't touch my nipple!\"" <propfirst> barnea",\c759cc36ed61f6cfad0133dc4ec7374c,"after like 7 years, i finally found my yellowcard ocean avenue cd"
"pirates of penzance tonight at 7 smile 0, helllz yeah"
now that swimming's over i have wayyyy too much free time
this is the most bored i've been in a long time
biking around sunnyvale is legit 
vote for <propfirst> kashi for senior cabinet!!
"vote for <propfirst> kashi for senior cabinet!!\also check out save the phoenix! to keep our newspaper from being cancelled!"
call me damnit!!!
"how come two different radio stations can play the exact same crappy song at the exact same time, but cant play the exact same good song at the same time?"
my phone ran out of batteres    while charging 
water polo and biking makes really soar legs
anyone dtb (down to bike)?
dtgajj?
"heyo class of 2011!\so tomorrow theres gonna me a meeting for us talking about our homecoming choice (the theme is pixar) and our senior prommmmm locations\so come to room 87 tomorrow at lunch to check dis sheit out!"
yo ffffreeemont  check out fremont's open swim tomorrow from 3 smile 0 to 5 smile 0 pm at the fremont pool! it's gonna be a warm day and it'll be a blast!
sick just in time for the last week of school  annoyed 
"so today i was driving my car and i changed to a\ radio station that was playing\airplanes by b o b\now, the \interesting thing about this was that: \this radio station was live 105"
it just dawned on me that tomorrow is the last frekin' day of school
"hey, thanks fucking boss for not getting me that chipolte that u said u were gonna get for me busting my ass off to clean ur pigeon shitted out shed, that sure inspires me to work hard this summer  playful "
i just had the worst possible instant <propfemale> ever imagined 
"ooooops, i pooped in my pants  annoyed "
go ghanaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!
"so last night i probably had like the weirdest but most interesting dream that i've ever had, and at the same time super awsome and like enlighteningish"
"so just now i saw this asian lady pull into panama park, and then i guess that when she was parking, she put her foot on the accelerator instead of the brake, and then drove up the curb, knocked over a stone trash can, and then crashed into the bench    whoa"
alright lets do this  bring it on ap chem
lost my drive to do my ap chem cuz my bro has my calculator  got the first problem done tho!
"i love it when kids take dumps in the pool, 2nd day in a row!  laugh "
"can we pretend that\airplanes in the night sky\are like shooting stars?\i could really use a wish right now"
i'm in that mood where everything is a metaphor
i am unique 
let your waves crash down and take me away
feels good to finally be able to sleep in
so whose not gonna do the calc ab packet   hasn't done it yet?
seven of clubs
"and we are back down the road, to what we know so well"
ouuuuuccchhhhhh 
done with homework already    what?
"and once again, it begins"
third day in a row going to bed before 10 surprise 0   
"water polo, food, work, more food, do what i durr, sleep"
"aight, sounds good"
asdfhqwerpoasiudvlknwqeoiauflbvkhwaertpoiausdlvkhawsertoaisdlkvaslidghlieandklhvgiashjslkdhvlasierfhasldknv
best buddies meeting tomorrow at lunch in room 5 (in the main building)! come build friendships and bonds with teenagers with special needs!
"yeeeeee, chillin on the couch yo!"
hey does anybody know the calc a b homework?
why have i been hungry for the past few days straight? i have been nonstop eating almost
my dream has finally come true: i swam a goal in in water polo vs  saratoga today  laugh 
lymbrook idc was siiiiick!
a small act of kindness really does go a long way
i keep my trails happy
hey everybody! come on by to fremont anywhere from 9 surprise 0am - 3 surprise 0pm to work on the homecoming walls! see u there!  laugh 
"spirit\ week is this week fremont! just a reminder, here are the days: mon- pj \day tues-sports day weds-superhero day thurs- nerd day fri-gender swap \day! doooooo eeeettttttt!!!!!!!  laugh dddddd"
"school, polo, wall, eat sleep <-- my tuesday"
7 more days
2 more days
i just realized its free fuckin chipolte day today
6 more days till daylight savings time ends  why has it been so fucking long?
chillin in mr  tuana's office!  playful 
"aight, so whose down to grow a stache with me?"
"and, goodnight"
fuck <propfemale>
fuck mirror matches
back to schooooolllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"rise against's new album, endgame, is coming out on march 15th, hellz yeah"
"i'm considering getting a tumblr, hahaha"
i am not a dirty dacer!
does anyone know what the calc homework is? mr  d didnt put it on school loop
swimming tomorrow? helllllllllllll yeaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"fuckit, i'm a senior"
6 smile 0am tomorrow like a boss
tl; dr
"new 92 3, yay or nay?"
"turns out that the old tv at csc will be donated to fremont if nobody claims it by friday, lawl"
hey guys! vote for <propfemale> st <propfirst> for asb cab  ps she sucks at using a phone so i'm  writing this for her
"hey seniors! if any of you want to sign up for fantastics this friday (april 8th), come and find me, or feel free to message me on facebook, text me, or whatever  laugh "
