225584f5534a9c0b592d036c6110f7e2
"is feeling beyond refreshed, and excited about tomorrow! i'm walking in with e playful ectation, god's going to do amazing things today, tomorrow, and forever! i'm fully putting \god first\""!!!"""
"is full of life, and e playful ectation  gonna be the light, and a blessing for others "
"running production at champion kids church    two services of this, two services of choir, then set up for cyc! get this, i still haven't had coffee and i'm wide awake!  smile "
"hot tea, leather jacket, pumpkin patch, and <propfirst> mayer    bliss "
"thinks the jesus is born float looks stunning, cannot wait for tonight when its lit up!  love "
is anxious    here comes jesus is born      smile 
"is pumped up, for the 3rd year in a row!"
"considering becoming a vegan   reading up on it currently, finding out all the pros and cons, what do you think?"
"happy st  patrick’s day! i’m as <propfemale> as the fake accent <propmale> dicaprio put on for the gangs of new york  yeah, i’m that <propfemale>   love "
just realized that yesterday marked the anniversery of the `shot that rang through the memphis sky free at last they took your life they could not take your pride ' rip mlk
youth was phenomenal now its time to bring high e playful ectation for sunday services! i'm excited are you?
is the music of the night 
enjoying a beautiful message with a cup of joe   that i cant drink anymore   its just for looks 
because youre with me i will not fear 
"well night three of vbx went out with a bang! <propfirst> bieber, water slides, turin scriptures into raps, great message, fantastic worship and kids just having a blast for jesus! cant wait 4 kids blitz on sun!"
its kids blitz today!
meeting up with <propfemale> <propmale> bring on the funtimes!
i  love  my church 
great night celebrating pastor stephens 50th birthday! tons of laughs and heartwarming stories  so blessed to know and call him pastor! a night to remember!
[champion_youth] was phenomenal!
i  love  the house and its people 
hillsonglive tour in tminus 20hours and 20minutes    pure epicness
blasting the new  hills record while the wheels on the bus go round and round 
god moved tonight 
has something worth living for 
i love me some [champion_youth]
jesus is all i need 
if all else fails love abundantly 
love is waiting til its right 
"the more i seek you the more i find you, the more i love you!"
"pray, and let god worry "
whose ready for a champion_youth takeover???
faith without deeds is dead 
another phenomenal night of champion youth! god is doing huge  things!
`god is attracted to movement ' pastor <propfirst> burchell
hot cup of <propmale> grey and the san <propfirst> bay 
let love radiate out to all you meet  let love touch the hearts of people you don't even know  let love reach to the far corners of the earth  love is what is saving the world 
i choose love 
is ready for a good word 
"tonight isn't about you or i or how we loud worship, or what we can bring to the table  its about bringing praise to the saviour for he is the answer; through him we are redeemed  he is holy  we are saved  let tonight be about the god encounter that was hand picked and destined especially for you  come with open hearts and a willing spirit to just dwell in his presence  6 30pm champion church"
god is utterly and truly beautiful and amazing  i could have dwelled in his presence until the rising of the sun  tonight was beyond phenomenal!
our god is with us nothing can stand againist us 
"because god has made us for himself, our hearts are restless until they rest in him "
looking forward to mychampion tonight 
"a good word is coming, i can feel it  i'm bringing my e playful ectation to the table and laying it out before the maker  he's got something especially picked out and ordained for each of us to hear tonight; so are you ready? i am! i'll save you a seat! hello mychampion at champion church"
loved every bit of tonight   smile 
ready for an amazing day in the house!!
is writing a book 
"\love people past their sins \""--pastor lacinda bloomfield"""
in every doubt speak 'jesus' in every mistake speak 'jesus' in every moment of <propfemale> speak 'jesus' in your highs speak 'jesus' in the fire speak 'jesus' in dry seasons speak 'jesus' with everyhing you have speak 'jesus' in every single circumstance life throws at you speak 'jesus'; there is such power in his name; jesus our god worthy of praise!
`i will not give more faith to the problem than to the answer ' our god isnt a `if its your will ' he's a `thy will be done' god! claim everything in faith!!
beyond excited for all that god has set to come! greater things are yet to be done in this city!
"my waitress eyed me when she saw me in a scarf and i ordered a cup of hot tea, yeah i know its over a hundred out but im believin in fall weather whose with me?"
"loves her mates, nuff said "
has places to go and people to see
its starting to look fall around here  i havent had this much glitter on me since jesus is born! oh festivities how you turn me into a glitter junkie 
"happy birthday to my little sister <propfemale> vicks  she's the big 8 years old now! amazing how much she has grown! i love her beyond words, and am so proud to call her my sister! she's got a <propfemale> set out for her by god and i cannot wait to see where he leads her in the years to come  shes got such a strong foundation laid under her feet with christ, its so beautiful! here's looking at you kiddo   love you! xox"
"had an amazing time at champion this morning with god's beautiful women! beautful beautiful worship by pastor <propfemale> & <propmale> & pastor lacinda always brings a god sent spirit filled message! \invade the intimidation space with love!\"" getting ready now for my sister's party!"""
"loves her mama so much, she bought me the cutest heels i have ever seen!  smile "
looking forward to a blessed day in the house 
"our god is for us, nothing can stop us "
god is my victory and he is here 
your attitude has a mirroring effect on the people you encounter; actions speak higher volumes than words; take on this day with a smile on your face and joy in your heart 
"excited for the yuma family pumpkin patch mall event tonight at harkins theatre  come out tonight to help kick off champion's annual pumpkin patch  this is such a fantastic and amazing outreach for familys! tonight they're going to be pirates, princesses, music and games, and i think i heard that captain <propfirst> sparrow is going to be there     wink "
who stood and fought for you when no one else would stand and fight for you? the champion of champions: jesus christ 
if i'm gonna drown let me sink into his ocean of grace 
tonight is the opening night of the pumpkin patch! come out to champion at 5pm for a blast! dont forget that the pirate show starts at 7 30pm! i'm soooo excited are you??!
"amazing first night at the pumpkin patch! food, games, bootless, princesses, and <propfirst> sparrow! sounds like a typical night at champion!"
had a great night at da pum'kin patch with some amazing people!  smile 
i am an instrument of the living god 
"as god, he had every right to refuse becoming a man but yieled and did--because he was willing  he had the right to be served by all mankind but came to serve instead  he had the right to live in peace & safety but willingly laid down his life  he even willingly endured the grueling torture of the cross; he loved, cooperated, and did his father's will instead of his own   now will you?"
"blackbird singin in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly "
last night of the pirate show; gods gonna shift so many hearts with this one! cheers to all who participated in this amazing show!
ready for an amazing day in the house 
in so much pain   cheers to trunks n treats and being bruised 
poetic? i think so; `you need to have a hawks eye and a doves heart ' -<propmale>
this world needs a love revolution            -pastor <propfirst> bloomfield
'make the road straight for god '   -<propfirst> 1:23 msg
"love is here, love is now, love is pouring out "
seasons may change winter to spring; but i love you until the end of time 
accoring to hastings it's christmastime   since all i hear 'chestnuts roating on an open fire' in the background and they're selling pepermint bark   whoop <propfemale>!
tonight the dj's got me fallin in love again
"so we will run, altogether our hearts a flame  with a fire that can't be tamed  our god, all <propfemale> to your name, jesus "
spending the rest of her birthday at champion youth! so looking forward to being around these yougens! god's got a lot set out for tonight!
"i know that you are for me  i know that you will never forsake me in weakness  i know that you have come down, even if to write upon my heart to remind me of who you are "
"youth was great! now its in and out with <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and sterl   good times with good people "
busy day ahead! church; to see some close friends get baptized  then the spiritual giftings class  then the jib casting call! oh how i love long sundays!
"my spiritual giftings: perceiver, exhorter, and teacher  yep that's me  smile "
jib casting call! it's the most wonderful time of the year!
"save a turkey, & eat some green beans!"
"\lukka <propfemale> bru!\"" -<propmale> brown """
"getting a little dizzy    from not eating and waiting til later, when the green bean caserole is complete!"
"the pros of being a vegetarian, no food coma for me!"
"less than 5 hours of sleep, time to break out the christmas decorations "
tasks of the day: find a hairstyle and stick to it & pick out an outfit and wear it   this isn't going to be easy 
how i love weddings!
"\there's still time to finish well  god desires you to be apart of the solution \"" pastor <propfirst> bloomfield"""
so i get into my car and turn on the radio and what song comes on? <propfirst> did you know     that's what some people call ironic
praying for some christmas <propfemale> snow in the yuma desert 
"you and i? we go together like the winter & a sweater, like candycanes & hot chocolate, like fingerless gloves & peacoats "
"me in a singsong voice, regarding the bonfire: \chestnuts roasting on an open fire   \"" sterling: \""let's get the fire going first before we worry about the chestnuts \"""""
wants to go back in time to the 1930's when men called their women 'dollface'   i love those old fashioned terms 
"everytime a <propfemale> rings, an angel gets it's wings "
y'know what's so much fun? gettin all dolled up      wink 
"dinner with <propmale>, sterl, <propfirst> and ben    i feel like that riahana song the only girl in the world    haha"
"woke up burning hot and decided to go into the kitchen to get some water, unknowing that the stove had been left on and a pot was still cooking! thank you jesus for pulling me out a deep sleep to turn it off!!"
"it's a sad reality when there's a show on tv where future brides compete to win head to toe plastic surgery and their fiance's are supporting their 'new' looks  lord give me a man that loves me for me, for i am fearfully and wonderfully made "
"\chase after the character of god \"" pastor <propfirst> bloomfield """
"hot chocolate and mexican food, great way to end the night of the electric light parade "
"jesus, you have my heart, we'll never be worlds apart "
"in the chaos, in confusion i know you're soveriegn still   in the weakness of my moment you give me grace to do your will  "
"\the world does not exist merely to satisfy our own desires \"" <propfirst> lasch """
is simply having a wonderful christmastime 
"has given my life to the only one who makes the <propfemale> reflect the sun, every stary night that was his design "
"<propmale> did pray for rain, and yuma has been looking pretty dry   god must've heard pastor's passionate message last night "
"one grande caramel apple spice, it's like drinking apple pie!"
"itchy from the hay, hot & tired from the sun, and has drank more water than a camel can store   the bright side the set for jib is looking phenomenal!"
likes to dance    er  bust a move!
"if you only knew what the future holds, after a hurrican comes a rainbow "
lunch with my parents   smile 
"jesus leads, i follow "
"there can be miracles, when you believe "
"it wasn't a silent night, there was blood on the ground  you could hear a woman crying on the streets of <propfirst>'s town  the stable wasn't clean & the cobblestones were cold & <propfirst> full of grace with the tears on her face had no mothers hand to hold  it was a labor of pain, it was a cold sky above, but for the girl on ground in the dark with every beat of her beautiful heart it was a labor of love "
"fuzzy christmas socks, presents wrapped, carols & candles   now it's time for the polar e playful ress!"
"<propfirst>, sweet <propfirst> so strong yet so frail; carried a baby sent to save the world  wise men will seek him and find in him peace   <propfirst>, sweet <propfirst> tonight your <propmale> is born "
"in his name all opression shall cease, oh night devine "
"looking back over this year   we're given 525,600 minutes to do something great or small    with these last minutes remaining we can still finish well in 20ten "
only two services tomorrow at champion  10:15 & 11 smile 0  see you there!  smile 
i love my church & god's people that reside in it 
"\the enemy thinks i'm his target but i'm actually god's secret weapon whose freely given me the favor of him \"" pastor <propfirst>"""
set the bar higher and pursue god!
"declaring favor, massive favor   thank you jesus "
got birds singin in <propfemale> on my shoulder; cheers beautiful sunday!
"\as a teenager i realized that to pursue god's call on my life would mean that sunday's would never be my own  above anything else i love serving god and ministering the word  it is the cause of christ that compels me \"" pastor <propfirst> <propmale> """
food for thought: god will build you as long  as you don't try to build yourself 
"waay too many champions sick! declare the healing; speak it, see it, grab onto it, & don't let go! our spirit's got it, now our stubborn flesh needs to play catch up "
jesus is legit  'nuff said 
today is my momma's birthday! god blessed me with an amazing momma!
love from the center of who you are: don't fake it  don't hit back: discover beauty in everyone  don't let evil get the best of you; get the best of evil by doing good 
"i love my church, time to make you shine! it's church care operation sad hampion church! see you there!"
"youth was legit! thank you jesus for your holy spirit!! how i love you, crave you, and <propfemale> you daily!"
"is in awe of the one who gave it all, all i am is yours "
prayer requests? send them this way     smile 
sick and the only remedy i need is more cowbell    and starbucks  wink 
"when i can't feel you, i have learned to reach out just the same  when i can't hear you, i know you still hear every word i pray  and i want you more than i want to live another day  and as i wait for you, maybe i'm made more faithful"
"i will never be the same, after tonight   thank you jesus"
"two friends of mine, <propfirst> and <propfirst> are going to american idol! siiick!"
"\grace; undeserved favor \"" pastor <propfirst> bloomfield"""
"say a prayer for me, i'm singing the national anthem tonight     smile "
"one more step forward  passport paid for this week  144 days to go  stepping forward, stepping up and stepping out!"
i  love  my church life 
"\don't ever put a limit on god \"" pastor <propfirst> sweet"""
"give me the beat boys and free my soul, i wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away   "
"\if slaughterhouses had glass walls everyone would be a vegetarian \"" <propfirst> mccartney"""
no sweeter name than the name of jesus 
"for you i'd write a symphony, i'd tell the violins it's time to sink or swim "
"\live in the position god has for you \"" pastor <propfirst> mckern"""
so excited and looking forward to sisterhood! much needed time with some amazing women!
"god doesn't call the qualified, he qualifies those who are called, and those who are to come "
passport bought   one step closer! thank you jesus! 133 days til aus!
"weather like this calls for pj's, hot peppermint tea, <propfirst> baylin, <propmale> barnes, and mat nathanson     love "
"\nobody puts baby in the corner   \"""""
"\walk in the miraculous and e playful erience the wind beneath your wings   \"" pastor <propfirst> bloomfield"""
"lost my voice, if you come across it please let it know i miss it and want it to return home to my vocal chords where it belongs     smile "
"kids combo, check  high pitched scream, check  fever for <propfirst> bieber check!!!"
"editing stuff for youth, searching for decor for youth and putting together music and such for women's conference; you could call me a busy <propfemale>   smile "
are you ready for a miracle?
"jesus, you are lord of all    preparing my heart, my mind, my will, and emotions for sisterhood this morning; wondering what new ladies he's bringing today and how i can be used for his doing to bring a smile to their faces   thankful for another day closer to my heart's <propfemale> "
what a friend we've found in jesus 
"\let's drop the church of the world and embrace the church of the spirit   \"" pastor <propfirst>"""
you've got so much love in you 
conflict creates the fire of effects and emotions; and like every fire it has two aspects that of burning and that of giving light 
"champions today is miracle offering sunday! bring something miraculous and watch god do his wonders in your life    9, 10:15, 11 smile 0, &12:45   see you there!"
god will give us great success 
youth was legit! thank you jesus for another night filled with your spirit and passion!
"declaring the healing hand of god to flow through god's champions  by his stripes we are healed so receive it   it's ours for the taking  thank you lord, for your healing that only comes from you, & that throws doctors on a whirlwind  heal us all from the top of our heads, to the bottom of our feet, from the inner most part of us to the layers of skin on the outside  jesus; name above all names   thank you "
it's a sundress and cowboy boots kind of day 
"i love my lead pastor, lacinda bloomfield, such beauty, such grace, such wisdom   thank you jesus for her     love "
"god is the light that shows us the way, for there is nothing that god cannot do  no matter how steep the mountain - the lord is going to climb it with you  where hope grows, miracles <propfemale> "
"\don't lose your grip on love and loyalty  tie them around your neck; carve their initials on your heart  earn a reputation for living well in god's eyes and the eyes of the people \"" proverbs 3 smile -4"""
"\friends don't let friends walk across the bridge alone \""--dani duran    how i love my danigirl    love """
break my heart for what breaks yours   
found my old gameboy color with the super marioland still in it   now where are my pokemon ones   
cause baby you're a firework   love 
"day 1:  i am a daughter of the most high who is fearfully and wonderfully made, daily i walk and bask in the favor and promises of god  even when i walk in the valley of death, i'm not afraid for he walks at my side, his trusty shepherd's crook makes me feel secure; i can do all things through christ who gives me strength!!"
"day 2: i am a light, here to bring out the god colors of this world; better yet i am here to bring out the god flavors of this world! i was born for such a time as this to complete the task he ordained for me  his plan is one of hope, to prosper me, not to harm me  with him i walk by faith and not by sight  i am a prophet to the nations!!!"
"day 3: god is my provider  by his stripes i daily bask in his healing  those who wait upon god get fresh strength  they spread their wings and soar like eages, they run and don't get tired, they walk and don't lag behind  when i ask it is given unto me, when i seek i find, when i knock the door is opened  his road is narrow, his burden is light  love has saved my soul; i run toward him, his light leads me home "
"day 4: i am the redeemed of the lord  all power is given unto my lord, my friend, my savior  he calls me friend: i am my beloved's and he is mine  daily i bask in his healing, his blood has saved me  it is no longer i that lives in me, but christ  love has saved me; to love is to recieve a glimpse of heaven  daily i cry 'holy' to god almighty  here i am, send me!"
prayer is like oxygen for the soul 
"day 5: i am being made perfect in every good work to do god's will  no weapon formed against me shall prosper  i am increasing abounding in love  i am his daugher, made in the image of god; in his likeness  i am blessed when i come in and blessed when i go out  i have the outpouring of the holy spirit upon my life continually  his blessings on me are great and overwhelming; his mercies for me are new each morning "
ohhhh it's gonna be a long night working on decor stuff for youth  coffee? check  kol? check  here  we  go!
"day 6: i am an heir of christ and a joint heir with christ, i have absolute freedom because the son has made me free  i am strong and of good courage; for the lord my god is with me wherever i go  i am his daughter  i find life and receive favor from god  he is for me,  he will never foresake me  on christ the solid rock i stand all other ground is sinking sand "
"day 7: today is the day that the lord has made i will rejoice and be glad  i am given exceedingly great and precious promises and by them i am a partaker of god's diving nature  i am fearfully and wonderfully made born for such a time as this ready and willing to follow him wherever he goes  here i am lord, send me  i have been given the spirit of wisdom and revelation so i may know god better  i am god's property "
"day 8: god calls me his own; i delight myself in him and he gives me the desires of my heart  he equipps me daily to live out his plan he has ordained for me  the lord does not give me a spirit of fear but of a sound mind  i am blessed when i go in and blessed when i go out  wherever he goes, i follow  he opens up the windows of heaven and pours out blessings on me, i lack nothing with him "
"\who says you're not perfect? who says you're not worth it? you've got every right to a beautiful life \"" <propfemale> gomez"""
"day 9: today, i walk in the favor of god; his blessing floods over me like an ocean  i am blessed when i go in and blessed when i go out; he is my provider im i fear nothing "
"glee, one day i will be on thee "
has something worth living for 
"\i am receiving all of my needs met according to god's riches in <propfemale> by jesus christ \"" <propmale>  4:19"""
come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination 
thinks it's high time to tan!
"i'm no beauty <propfemale>, i'm just beautiful me  smile "
got my prom dress    wink  now i need a date! ha
one god no matter what language you praise and worship him in!
"my mama, <propfemale> s  vicks  walks in the healing of god; send up your prayers for her  she is a child of god, sickness does not have dominion over her life "
"it's sunday  smile , looking forward to a beautiful day with god's beautiful people "
"i love my church, my beautiful pastors and all the beautiful people that dwell in his house "
champion youth is what i live for 
as much as i dislike hospitals it was great seeing pastor b and joking around   only pastor b would ask for starbucks!
whose gonna join me in not wearing shoes tomorrow?
"could go for a cup of hot chocolate right about    now, yeah now "
the hands that cradle the stars are the hands that bled for me 
today is my dad's birthday! happy birthday <propmale> vicks you're the best daddy ever!!
a nice caramel vanilla latte before i hit the hay    smile 
likes her coffee blonde and sweet   yum  love 
if i could be any disney <propfemale> i'd be <propfemale>; je t'aime <propfemale> amor!
"just seasoned and color organized my closet, and realized i have more clothes than h&m!"
coffee at 3 in the afternoon? yes!
"my own tea party this morning includes english tea, european fashion, british accents, crumpets, and the beatles and drake <propfemale> playing in the background "
"we can dance until we die, you and i will be young forever "
"what's your favorite tv show? doing something rad for youth on sunday, need imput "
"happy birthday to the beautiful <propfemale> watson, hope 21 is a blessed and amazing year!"
embracing her inner nerd while <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 plays 
biiiig day tomorrow; time to sleep!
was the first person to audition for x factor! sooo awesome!
"well after the judges scored i found out that i was exactly 1 point away from competing in the x factor round two finalists  amazing job to everyone that sang, you all did awesome! it was such a blessing to be a part of this god oppurtunity! so ready for church tomorrow! and hillsong conference this july!!!"
"according to my brother, <propfirst> deleon i remind him of zoey deschannel "
"is about to embark on a chord overstreet, <propmale> criss, and <propfemale> <propfemale> exstravaganza! glee! glee! gleeeee!"
"with everything i've got   my heart will sing, how i love you "
sleep? what's that? i think it left the building 
"according to pastor lacinda's book i am the voice, eyes & back   smile "
is having one of those i didn't do anything to my hair but it looks great days    smile 
"what if your blessings come from rain drops? what if your healing comes in tears? what if trails in life, the storms, the strife are his mercies in disguise?"
"san <propmale>, i am in love "
late night skype conversations with ladeisha verhoeff
"on a night like this, i could fall in love, i could fall in love with you    love "
naptime 
"is a good girl, loves her mama, loves jesus, and <propfemale> too "
"and i find myself here on my knees again caught up in grace like an avalanche, nothing compares to this love, love, love   burning in my heart"
in the middle of my little mess i forget how big i'm blessed it might not be what i would choose but this is stuff that you use 
"my dear we're, slow dancing in a burning room "
listening to the beautiful lacinda bloomfield speak truth and love into champion_youth tonight  soooo good!
my life would suck without you    love 
i walk in the favor of the lord; i am having all of my needs met according to him 
the only reason why i'll watch the voice is for <propfirst> levine and shockingly i'm okay with that 
i am blessed when i go in and blessed when i go out  the lord my god is with me wherever i go 
selling my guitar; whose interested?
i'm on a boat   i'm on a boat   i'm on a boat with jesus 
i will be 20 in six months    oh wow
sitting in an awc class    i haven't been in school in so long   i think i'm learning about  plants?
you are the everlasting god 
3 nails + 1 cross= 4given   
"i  love  my momma <propfemale> s  vicks and my spiritual momma's <propfemale> mellon, lacinda bloomfield and <propfemale> broom  happy mother's day to you beautiful god fearing mommas!! love you lots and lots!"
i owe you my life and i will worship you forever 
if you're like me and you love coconut starbucks' new mocha coconut frapp was made for you! it's beyond delicious--with coconut shavings and flavoring! yum!!
my life is complete! silk makes chocolate soy milk in juice boxes with straws!
"entered her sister, <propfemale> in a <propfirst> bieber contest without her knowing and got a phone call and <propfemale> won! yeah, i'm a pretty awesome big sister   just sayin "
the pros and cons of having an atheltic frame naturally; pro #1; i obtain muscle fairly quickly  con #1; i obtain muscle fairly quickly    le sigh 
