c212e1adbc329c8da16d5a2f194059c7
happy new year everyone!
"i am screaming at the tv at michigan's d  ugh! if michigan loses this one, not only will we probably not go to a bowl game, but i'm going to personally fire <propmale> rodriguez myself!"
"words i need to live by: there is no use worrying about things over which you have no control, and if you have control, you can do something about them instead of worrying - <propmale> c  <propfemale>"
"i have one thing to say today    go blue! i will not say that michigan will lose, and i will not say that <propmale> <propmale> will get fired if he loses, but we won't, so there's nothing to worry about  hail to the victors(cause that's what we'll be tomorrow!!!)"
"i'm asking for no ridicule tomorrow  i am so irritated at michigan  <propmale> <propmale> will get another year to fix the program, i'm 100% sure on that    what i'm not sure of is if the fans will give him another year   next year we're goin 6-6 or better   go blue!"
i'm sick and feel like crap  i hope everyone is feeling better than i am  smile  happy thanksgiving too!
"very sad today  had a family member pass away and one is really sick  now it leaves me wondering, \who's next?\"""""
"just waiting for christmas break, thanks to the snow on the ground  i think i could have went the last 2 days without getting really excited, if it wasn't for that dang snow!"
"just had an argument about what 100 dollars in pennies are    and i lost    yes, that means i did math wrong  playful "
hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas  i got a new phone with unlimited texting(no more minute phones!!!) 
"dont know about everyone else, but i am starting to feel the effects of school    there's a <propmale> for a snow day on friday if we're lucky, so everyone better start wearing their pajama's inside out and spinning in circles!!!!"
"i find it odd that girls facebook updates are always so serious, yet guys one normally have very little meaning  playful "
"almost had a status update of \school tomorrow  annoyed \"" but i caught myself  yay  smile """
"coming home spirit week: anyone who wears pajamas on monday for the spirit day will get a piece of gum from if they say the code word \younique\""(part of our yearbook theme and the coming home theme)  smile """
"i'm mad and excited  mad: the saints won  i can't lose this bet  excited: it's coming home week  yay for pajama day tomorrow  i have a bag of gum(while supplies last), and if you're wearing your pj's and say the code word \younique\"" i will give you a piece  i promise """
crazy hat hair day! i e playful ect to see everyone with some awesome headgear and or hair!!!
enjoying the snow day! i'm very surprised that we didn't have school! gonna make a snowman!!!
maybe it's time to just stop trying be nice with you  i got the message loud and clear  annoyed 
i really want to know: do people really laugh out loud at all of their texts????
"you know it's been an odd day when you're not only sprinting around the halls trying to grab a posted, but you end up slamming into a door and knocking over someone  ah, journalism rocks  smile "
"feel i may be getting sick  i'm freezing cold of a sudden, and apparently i'm really pale  blech "
"watching ccha championship game! u of m v  nmu(northern michigan university)  the score is 0-0 heading into the 2nd period  will be a weird start for the period, 4 on 3 in michigan's favor for 1:40, then 4 on 4 for about 40 seconds, then nmu pp for a minute in a half  go blue!!!!"
and michigan wins the ccha tournament!!!!! 2-1 against northern michigan universtiy!!!!! we're goin' dancing to the ncaa hockey tournament! let's go blue!!!!!
"very productive day today, except for the awesome nap i took right smack dab in the middle of the day  eh   i'll be sure to be up until midnight  annoyed "
"\looking at her makes me want to eat a strawberry \"" \""    what?\"""""
"does anyone else feel like this week was the longest one of the year? eh    we got a four day week and then spring break, so i guess i won't complain "
come on blue    we gotta beat miami! we need a frozen four here in detroit with you in it!
awesome and very interesting day today  3 more days!!!
"tired of home, tired of school, and just plain tired "
the first choice!!!!!!!
"not excited for school tomorrow, but excited to see my friends  smile "
"had 0 hours of sleep last night  attempted to stay at school, but failed and went home  i slept for 5 hours when i got home though, so i'm feeling (moderately) better "
i had an absolutely awesome day today  thanks for the people person who made it great  laugh 
i'm shocked <propfirst> clausen was the 48th player picked in the draft  i'm even more shocked that tebow was picked before him 
wings are putting on a good show  let's go wings! 2-0 with no signs of stopping!
at <propmale>'s birthday party  i swear all of them run on endless energy!
"anyone else outside when the rainbow was out today? it was <propmale>'s first one he had ever seen, and i must say the jumping up and down let me know he was excited  playful "
"definitely an emotional game for the tigers after a tribute to <propmale> harwell, i'm betting that we're going to see a game worthy of <propmale> harwell broadcasting  smile "
"kaelynn, elmo(alexandria), and i just found out how to call each other at the same time  we're at burger <propmale> and we look like nerds being so pumped about this!"
"\i've got a good palindrome: mom!\"" \""wow!\"""""
played an intense game of hide and seek in a soy bean field!  smile 
"i'm wide awake  less than 5 1 2 hours sleep until tomorrow, and i don't think i'm going to bed anytime soon "
this is so damn ridiculous  how do you lose a perfect game on a bad call????
"don't know what it is, but i haven't been able to sleep well all week     this sucks   annoyed "
really realized tomorrow is our last day of school this morning  the year has been awesome  lotsa memories this year  thanks to all that made the year great 
need some opinions: walleye fishing on lake huron or salmon fishing on lake michigan?
"world cup action for the u s  today  i'm hopeful, but not e playful ectant, for a u s  win  let's go yanks!"
"20 years ago, i had a great uncle <propfirst>  he had a pet fox  it scratched his face off  fun times "
out on road goin' up north!
sitting by a fire up north     and it's raining 
"gooooooooaaaaaaaallllllll!!!!!!!!!! thank you, <propmale> <propmale>!"
"today and tomorrow up north, then home on sunday night monday morning!  smile "
no ride so nothing to do today  annoyed 
congrats to spain on successfully winning their first world cup  if only the u s  could follow suit in 4 years!
2 1 2 hours til' i'm supposed to wake up  and i can't sleep  too excited for cedar point!!  smile 
on our way to lake huron for walleye fishing!
"spiking my hair again, because i can   playful "
"\are you taking your best pig     to the show?\"""""
detroit beach pizzeria  laugh 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
i'm becoming nervous for august 18th 
"i'm gonna ask everyone to wish me luck for this tournament sponsored by lg  it's in 10 minutes  it's worth $100k and i need all the luck i can get  semi-finals, i'm here! finals, here i come!!! (hopefully)"
"well    i lost  only the top 5 got in and i messed up  oh well, i'm happy i'm nationally ranked 20th for speed texting  i would like to think that's an accomplishment in itself  smile "
anyone have any good bands i should listen to?
feel like it's gonna be a good day  game against smcc later 
"1  algebra 2 grant\2  spanish 1 kennedy\3  space science tiani\4  economics koleszar\5  english 10 romine\6  chemistry tiani\lemme know if you have any with me "
"alright first day of school  missing some of the classes i had last year, though "
it's just absolutely wonderful that i can't sleep 
running barefoot is fun  i plan on doing it more often 
at the <propmale> game with my papa  game is absolutely insane  84 total points and it's not close to being done  we aren't even halfway through the 3rd quarter 
starting of the 4th quarter for the jefferson-grosse ile    another touchdown  make it 61-49 
come on grosse ile!!! 61-56 <propmale>! they're catching up! no signs of stopping them either  this game is something else 
"sad i missed the end of the michigan game, just really glad they won  smile "
"wow    heartbreaking loss  1-0 <propmale>, when we should have had a goal and tied it up but they called it back on a bogus call   annoyed "
stockbridge tournament today 
"loving practice lately  though my glasses are pretty screwed up, so i'll probably either get new ones or contacts soon "
found out i might get contacts for the last week of the soccer season   smile 
all of you who said we couldn't win- the airport soccer team just proved you wrong!
"it's been almost a week since airport soccer had their first win of the season  tomorrow against <propmale>, it's gonna be the second "
the point of no return!
"alright, for superstar day- <propmale> potter or mclovin? this is a very important question  playful "
"due to popular demand, i will be wearing <propmale> potter themed things  along with a scar, i'm finding a stick as a wand  i'm not sure what else i should do with <propmale> potter  any ideas?"
"working powderouff game, then hw, then straight to bed  playful "
'grats to the seniors for winning powderpuff  good day all around
anyone else feel like it should be friday already?
"if you're looking for me at the game, i'll be the guy with the very blue hair  playful "
game against <propmale> tomorrow 
districts at romulus today     biggest game of the season 
"district semi-finals, here we come!  surprise  airport win  laugh "
district semi-finals against riverview \\n
"we may have lost today, jets, but the heart we showed today is what this team is about  thanks to the seniors for a great year  we left everything on that field, and i'm proud of what was accomplished today "
not feeling too good   annoyed 
gonna try to go to school tomorrow 
"since it seems like the whole world is doing it, and i find it interesting, like this and i'll tell you one thing i like and dislike about you"
someone should give me some good music to listen to 
i'm loving the michigan state-iowa game  loving it  let's just not have another northwestern-msu game!
"as a kid i hated how the teacher on the magic school bus said \as i always say\"" more than the actual phrase she said  <_<"""
indoor game!! seniors vs  underclassmen!
"6-5 seniors  sad  well, we did pretty dang good airport underclassmen!"
went to indoor field to practice  good day 
let's go blue! nice way to start the game!!
come on michigan! good game! goin into ot!
triple overtime!
yeah! let's go blue! hail to the victors baby! 67-65 michigan in triple overtime!
seattle sounders at la galaxy  let's go sounders!  laugh 
god it feels late 
"nice to see seattle get a goal in the playoffs  too bad it's too little, too late "
i'm thinking somebody wants to bring me some <propfemale> starbursts tomorrow  just sayin'
13-5 loss  annoyed 
"well phone is pretty much broke  i can see only a half of the front screen, and can't type with the inside  great "
"i'm beginning to think it's impossible to get sick of soccer, which is definitely a good thing "
"indoor tomorrow, prolly not gonna sleep tonight cause of the two hour nap i took  playful  new phone tomorrow"
10-2 loss to south pole x-clusive  not one of our better days  playful 
could this day go by any slower?
so i have an ihp for something i already did  that makes total sense 
out with ¡james liedel trying to find grecian center  playful 
"i'm probably going to be eating my words at around 7 surprise 0 today, but i have some hope! airport underclassmen team, let's go kick some senior ass!  playful "
"good job llama palooza and your 7-3 win, you earned it  playful "
"happy thanksgiving everyone  if i come back 10 pounds heavier, don't be too shocked  playful "
you know it's gonna be a good day when you have pie for your first meal!
the game tomorrow  let's go blue!!
"tsk tsk, michigan just isn't what they used to be  ah well, still love em'!"
"decisions, decisions   "
"3 questions away from failing my first test in segment 1, but i still passed  smile  soccer game later against <propmale>'s jv "
inbox me a number and i'll post something about you  in order to avoid spamming peoples' feeds though i'm gonna do a few at a time 
"123: i don't know you very well, but you seem really cool  sometime we have to talk  smile \\52: my tied-for-first favorite ybk editor  you're really nice and the fun times we've had honestly will stick with me forever  i probably annoyed you with all of my questions  playful  we had so many laughs, it just stinks that we don't have the class anymore  sad  if you ever come to visit at ahs, you need to get me out of class asap "
"8590: i haven't talked to you in forever! i hope all is well with you  smile  i remember our lockers being by each others way back in the 6th grade  laugh \\11 smile  : (as told by me to keep the smiley face) you're really cool and i hope we all can have some chocolate sauce with your boss some time  playful  and    alabama sucks  playful "
"18- we've had some discussions over the years, haven't we? we gotta talk some more sometime though!\\007- my pen pal! to think of the luck that had to happen that we are friends is mind boggling  playful  but, i need to let you know, the pittsburgh penguins? yeah, they suck "
"72497426847- we just started talking this year, but we've had a lot of laughs  we need to <propfemale> out sometime! it's gonna suuuuuck without you next semester!\\36- wow   through all of the ups and downs we've had, we're still friends  insane  i seriously could trust you with my life, and i know you're the only person i've ever met that can have about a 30 <propfemale> discussion about whatever's going on  smile "
"26: so while you're slightly obsessed with fall out boy, just a *little*    you basically are my family  so thanks for putting up with me these years  smile  i really appreciate it  laugh "
people who have never had chicken in a biscuit crackers truly have never lived 
"24: remember when we used to absolutely hate each other? fun times  playful  but we became really good friends last year, and we gotta talk more  laugh "
"wait, today's friday?! this whole day i thought it was thursday! sweet!!"
"okay, last number thing i think i'll do  \11: i don't know you too well, but from what your friend tells me you're pretty cool  smile "
"to all those complaining about snow: you live in michigan  this shouldn't be that big of a shock we're getting snow in december  i'd understand if it was in november, but it's freaking close to christmas  snow needs to be here!"
"almost 100% <propmale> for school tomorrow i bet, but we all want the day off! it's a monday- the tied-for-first-with-friday best day to close school!"
got accepted to go to a leadership conference at michigan state!!
awesome day  smcc game at 6 
"christmas break, come a little quicker if you could!"
if school doesn't go quick tomorrow i'm not gonna come to school for a couple of weeks 
round 2 against smcc  let's try this again   
"my knee feels as bad as it looks right now, and that's pretty bad  thought i was gonna tear off the nerves this time, looks like i still feel it  ah well, i'll be better in a week or so(hopefully) "
meeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry christma- oh wait  3 days early 
