97c84d1425f1a670c0c8ec0c8f04ced7
is going to have such a messed up sleep cycle when school starts back up :b
caaaant wait to see her best friend :b
"is going to hannas for the night, hit up the cell!"
is tiiiiired!
wants sleeeep
is tired and sick
i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  wink 
"is actually on this thing, what the?! haha goin to her mamas wink   love 33 youuu guyssss"
updated a bunch of stuff  smile  good-bye!
just got home from youthgroup and wants to get a tan 
"is at her mamas house, bored"
is happy
hates swineflu  crying 
"cup of tea, then bed- yyyyyay for niquil ha"
is taking a shower and feels so much better  smile ))
loves sytycd  love 
"cannot wait for halloween, seriously  love "
"is happy, happy, happy  smile )))))))"
"\how great is our god?\""  love """
has musicmakers practice at 5 smile 0 -_- so she cant go to the front ha  sad 
caaaaaaaaaaaaant believe her dad is such a dbag! haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa g00dnight!
is fgdrgdrgdrgdg !!!!!!
loves bbq chicken and <propfemale> goethe  smile 
wants ouuut of this house
is genuinely happy  smile 
smile  nod  say something witty before he finds out what an incredible geek you are 
"loves youthgroup, a lot  love   smile "
is going to bed  smile  goodnight!
iiiiiiiiiiiis ch-ch-chiiiiiilllin
"is at <propfemale>, txt call 7798084 to chill"
playing freerice for hannas english class c(; txt call hg to chilllll love 
reaallllyyy loves <propfemale> goethe and is going to bed  smile   love 
is home and wants to go to the front tonightttt ;*
's heart is burning for god!
loveeeeeeeeeeeeees chai tea and sytycd!!
"is hanging out w <propfirst>, then youthgroup  smile "
"- shower, sleep, school, <propfemale>'s, home"
"is sitting at home, suspended  gayyy"
"thought paranormal activity was horrible, now watching the proposal  smile "
"- \that is one dead fish\"" hahahaha i love <propfirst> so much  love """
"is awake after 6 or so hours of sleep, wooo"
loves god and is going to bed
"needs some new friends who can actually relate   hm, goodnight  love "
is so blessed and had such an amazing day!  smile 
loves thanksgiving and her family!
is going to bed at a decent hour c smile  goodnight
"loves how hilarious <propfirst> is, seriously hahahahahaha"
"is with <propfemale>, about to go to bed  love "
nvr has enough time for sleep!
"is a busy girl, but never too busy for god  love "
"stands up for what she believes in, always  smile "
"is spin, spin, spinning at 1000 <propmale> an hour- and so are you "
"is exhausted, goodnight  smile "
juuust got off the phone w <propfemale> and is going to bed !
loves god  love  goodnight!  smile 
"has a preformance in two hrs, woooohoo"
was a beast during her solo and is very happy!  smile 
"loves god, chai tea, good books, and chilly winter weather love "
reads 24 7  smile 
loves christmas time  smile   love 
wants something to do!
isssssssss home and wants someone good to talk to  smile 
rlyyyyyyy wants a kitten  surprise 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis happy :b
loves loves lovesssss christmas  love 33333333
is having a great morning! <propfemale> christmas  smile 
is w gabba gabba gabbaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! s03xcit3d!
do you believee in life afterrr looooovvvveeeee?!? hahahah weee doo wink  happy newyrr
"\did your mom just call you a whore?\"" -<propfemale> crowton"""
"you can count on me like 1 2 3, ill be there and i know that i can count on you like 4 3 2 and you'll be there cause that's what friends are supposed to do  smile "
needs more than 3 comforters!!!!!!!! :b haha
"is in a bad mood, goodnight"
cannot wait for tomorrow and is in the mood to cuddle :b  love 333
is sleepy and had an incredible day  smile 
is so unbelievably happy!!!!  smile )))  love 
had a great day and is going to bed super early  love 
is going to get cheesy fiesta potatos w hg ;* txt the cell to chill
"is exhausted and not wanting to take exams tmrw, vomit!"
got an 86 on her spanish exam and is studying for tmrw  smile 
is done 
loves her youthgroup and her b0yzz :b  love 
is crazzzzyyy :b  love 
"is showering, going to bed, and doesnt want to go to school tmrw!!"
feels like pooppppppppp  sad 
has the most amazing best friends in the world  smile 
is going to the mallllllllll!
"is going to sleep, finally  smile "
- consume me from the inside out lord
"  all those other girls, well, they're beautiful but wld they write a song for you?"
is obsessssseeeddd w gossip girl  surprise  ridiculous! hahaha  love 
i  love  <propfemale> shes sooo p3rffff!  kiss 
loves jesus!
is babysitting tonight with <propfemale>  smile 
"is free to run, dance, and live for you! love "
"wants to lay in bed with a sweet boy, one who's different, and just talk  you'd think that wouldn't be so hard to find in bradenton!"
"love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud "
"for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also  <propmale> 12 smile 4  love  keep god your first priority!"
"love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave  it burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame  many waters cannot quench love; rivers cannot wash it away   love "
stiiiillll doesn't know if she got the job! > indecision 
any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves love 
"truth is beauty, yet beauty is not truth  knowledge is power, but power is not knowledge  faith is the greatest force within this universe  with it, you may do all that is possible, and even that which is not &hearts;"
's heart and mind are never in syncccccccc !
feels refreshed and ridiculously good  sweetdreams  love 
"let go of your heart, let go of your head, and feel it now  love "
"your heart cares for nothing in return, and im just takin, taking you in  caught up in your smile, im happy as a child but im still drownin, drownin in your love "
"loves loves loves everyone at youthgroup so much!!!!!!!!  smile   love  and <propmale> <propfirst> did amazing tonight, but i e playful ected as much!"
"loves rainy, cozy nights and god  smile "
's life is absolutely positively perfectttttttttt!!!!  love  hit up the cell if ya neeeed me ;* gnite!
has work til 11  surprise  oooh boy! haha
had an amazing day and is super sleeepy!  kiss  goodnight  love 
is workin til 10  love 
is home from work and loves <propfemale> rosenthal for being a lifesaver  love   smile 
is really going to bed now hahaha :b  love  night!
is spending time with <propfirst> d000dz  she is seriously my beautiful muse  i just can't get enough of her    nope   can't get enough 
just got back from youthgroup and hanging out with mr  <propfirst>  smile  sick and sleepy but i love god!  smile  goodnight love 
"is home from work, clean, and ready for bed w burkley smile   love "
doesn't want to go to schooooooooooooool -_____- poop
has work from 6-10  smile 
waaaaants the beach  love 33 !!!!
iiiiiiis at ebeefs house wif her baaaabies and is getting black tmrw in the sun! :bbb  love  hit up the cellllll !!!
"wishes ppl didn't make things so complicated, blaaah"
has hair like a lion mane :b work frm 6-10 then out and about  smile 
has a secret crush on <propfirst> dodson that has finally gone public!  love  love  love 
loves the hakej package  wink   love  lovelovelovelove  love 3333
doesssssnnnt understand!!!!
loves hakej and needs plans for tonightttt!  wink 
is w beeeeeeeef and wishes there was stuff to do in bradenton ;b love 
just got off work and is exhausted! gooooodnightttt
wants out of bradenton! yyyyyeah <propmale>!!
"is going to bed, fiiinally!  smile  goodnight!"
haaaates school when mags not here! -ï- workin tonight til 10
"needs to take the sats, acts, and figure out what colleges to apply for nxt yr  stresssss!!!!!!"
sleep sleep sleep oh how i love you  love 
"i want to pull back the shield between us, so i can kiss you  i'd love to drop my defenses and fall, fall into your arms  if you're cold i will stay, i'll stay, even when springtime feels cold  love "
is so relieved  how great is our god!!?  love  rough day but looking up  smile 
just left coreys and was watching a pretty intense sword fight :bb ahaha w hg hit us up!
work work work tillll 11!
"is home, clean, annnd sleeepy!! :b"
is with <propfemale>  smile 
hates boys!
"is reading and staying home tmrw  today was full of surprises, to say the least  wink  ahaahaha"
"does not become emotionally attatched  no way, no how!!!! all my single ladiess put your hands up! ;bbbb"
is obsessed w back massages  so good!
"  bed, school, work 3-11, kellys! hiiit up the cell"
is going to be a senior at mhs nxt yr  wink !
"wants something to do tonight, hit me up 8402622"
zooot! haha :b i love maggish the fish  smile 
work til 9 w coraaall!
wants summer to start already!
just woke up :b no work todaaaaay!  love 
wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuubs her lizzy howe!
hates anal fun and has work frm 3 to 10
doesnt know how shes getting to workkkk at 5!
soooooo gpp
soooooo good!  smile  i wuv hg foooeva!!
has work til 11 and a heaaadache! chillin w <propfirst> and <propfemale> later  smile 
love love loves life  smile ))!
school = gay
has work tmrw frm 3-10 -__-
birthday in 14 daaays!  smile 
its too early to function!
caaant wait for yg!  kiss 
school school schoooool then work work work!!
work til six followed by some quality time with mag and <propfemale>  smile 
hello mfer hey high how ya duuurin! :bb i love magmag
loves days offffffffffff ! txt me and lets go to the beach 8402622
the more i clean the more messy my room gets   ?
"cleaned rm, re-pierced nose, did laundry, washed burk, maaaybe drum circle tonight?  wink "
painting toes then sleep love 
such a silly boy you must be if you think your games phase meee ;b lilo wubbbsss stitch!!
17 in 8 daaaays  smile )))!
wuuuuvs bedtime  smile )))
lovelovelovesss cute boys!  wink  sweetdreams!
has to make two timelines todayyy! blahh
"home, hist project, gym w kimmer, youthgrp, sleeeeeep!  smile "
"the tougher it gets, the cooler i get!  wink  8402622  love  phone thennn bedtime ;*"
"boys are like buses, miss one nxt 15 ones comin  smile "
if you wanna job tbell on <propmale> is hiring  smile  fill out an appàtacobell com and call the store to set up an interview nxt week  kiss 
chilll as a cucumber :bb baha sweeeet dreams babies  love 
"shower, chilllin, work, out w my girls, sleep ;* bday in 4 daysssss!!! love "
cauuuse im so trill liiike  smile  baha i wuv mag and quesildilla :bbbb
shes so preetty like  kiss  haha out and about
"just woke up, gooooooooooooood mornin"
spending the night@mags love 
theres so many ways to love you  smile  wiiif stitch! hw then sleeep  love 
"\    uh why do you wake up at six?\"" \""juliee hit her in the headd!!!\"" goooooood morning bahaha (;"""
is 17 tmrwwww  smile 
got chocolate at work  smile  birfday girl in less than two hours! yaaay goodnight  smile  love 
is 17!  smile  yaaaay!!! goodmooornin (( smile 
wants today to just be over 
loves mag and cute clothes and cake and almost getting suspended and birthdays!
w the best friendddd  smile  i love her failed baking attempt and brendans successful one ahah! (; ggggooodnight babies!
shhhmeeeble shmob  smile  mini-vacation and getting my hurr done  smile 
blondes have more fun? :bbbb
youthgroup w mr fannin  smile 
"here's to the future, i'm done with the past"
"hopped up out the bed and turned on my swag, as alwaaays  smile  baha"
at tbell without power making <propfemale> go on adventures w me  smile 
"jst got home frm hangin out w b and mag, goin to the chorus concert, and tb  smile  i looooove mag!  smile "
my status is gonna be affected if i keep it up like a love sick crackhead
hello night out!!!  smile  i wuv mag! yay!
"to early to function haha \dude a polar bear rolled around in here!\"" aahahaha smile """
beach day w magmag
is watching some child covered in chips be attacked by birds ahahaaaha
needs a car  asap  work at four then sleep  smile 
hates writing in pen on a hard surface! mags house after school smile  yay!
i gotta sweet tooth ;b
you better know my name cause boy i keep that flame im like a massive bonfire makin you cuties perspire :b
too early to function 
i love my bed
wants to sleep forever    summer is taking way too long to arrive!!
    i rly cant wait until im a senior at mhs and then im out of bradenton for the rest of forever
is sick and has done nothing but sleep since eleven  sad 
happy birthday <propfemale> stockford  smile 
gotta love cops circling your neighborhood  hahaha :b
at work then idkk  smile  txt me!
@<propfemale> stockford is my life baha
"work, work, work  then finally shower and sleep "
"\its all broken arms fault\"" hahaha yay for drivethru w gimpy :b"""
i'm obsessed w jeopardy  seriously  you go girl!
"hlf day, sick, goin to get mags hair done w her, then gettin paid, mall w b, yg, sleep "
"i seriously cry during every chickflick, happy or sad  hahhah :b"
"school sucks, 4 more daysss! smile  wrk til 9 then sleeping for eternity"
spanish exam = success!  smile  work til 10 then w mag for da niiight!  kiss 
tbell tbell tbell tbell tbellllllll! then out out out w maaaaggiiieee love 
"i don't believe in boyfriends, i believe in fun  wink "
20summersummersummer10!
loves mixed babies smile !
"no time to waste, no time to hateeee  smile  @mags and going to bed for ever!"
wif my girls  wink  hiiit us up!
"3 hrs asleep and 7 hrs of work is not a good idea  gettin off at 6, takin a nap, then out for the night w mag  i miss sleeping!"
fr33 my b0ii m!tchy baha nighhttt smile 
"is mama goose, ddddddduh"
"my sister is in town!  smile  going to <propfemale> out w her, zach, and my mommy but then wif mag and brie for the night love 3"
he does lsd in lakewood every weekend  jk  but rly sometimes he does  his birth control i mean certificate! i love bicycles 
all i do is win win win no matter what
"left my phone at tfos in lakewooood, perf -_- wrk til 9 then idk"
got my phone back!  smile  8402622
i hate <propfemale> stockford  love  haha workin til 9 then beats me!
[social+]just downloaded social-plus and now can use dislike buttons  yessss!  smile [ ]
"[social+]woke up, showered, checked fbk, chillin til 5, work, off at 11   then the night begins![ ]"
thinks <propfemale> stockford is a dbaggggg
is laying in maggies bed forever 
you can't be wise and in love at the same time
"\do you want me to like   lesbian wrestle you right now bc i have no pants on?\"" -<propfemale> goethe"""
"live for the nights you won't remember, with the people you'll never forget love "
i rly hate the dentist   -_-
going to see eclipse! smile  finally my face feels normal bahaha:b i miss you <propfemale> stockford!
watching <propfirst> mouse clubhouse w holly smile  then work 4-10
w <propmale> then sleep  work frm 10-6 tmrwwwww
in love w my bed love 
work til 11
i love my mental best friend  smile 
"i need to take sats, acts and figure out where the hell i want to go to college  poop "
hey <propfemale> look what they are doin to me smile  wif holla for the night woohoo!
"as long as you know men are like children, you know everything  wink "
"so i was at kevins  and then i found five dollars! paha wif my bestfwend, hg, and jessss!"
"you ever love somebody so much, \you could barely breathe when you with them?\you meet and neither one of you even know what hit them? got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah, them chills, used to get them but now you gettin fuckin sick of lookin at 'em"
"when im good, im very good   but when im bad, im better  wink "
just got punched in the face by <propfemale> stockford  ahahahahaha what the fuck!
like my status andd ill tell u what i think abt youu(;
i think today might officially be the shittiest day ever 
"im piling boxes infront of the door tryna block it sayin daddy please don't leave, stop it  sad "
"tummy ache  annoyed  haaaa fml  getting ready to go out w mag for the night, hit me up"
bradenton i only like you when im fucked up 
"i fucking hate kentucky, the economy, and working when all i want to do is cry "
dying my hair brown tmrw
pay$day!!
goin to sleep like yeah! hahaha
work  naptime  psych hw  movies  sleep love 
brown haaaaaair dnt care! haaha wif magmag kiss 
jst got back frm shoppppin  wink  gettin cute then drivin to gville w my mama and mag
"hey, hey, hey daddy wink     disturbing"
and the creepycreepycreepy and creepy and the creeeepycreepy! haha  smile  i wuv mag! goodnight!
gville gville gville!
"im a nympho, shes a nympho, we some nymphos, we like to fuckkkk! hahaha smile "
"mag works 12-4, i work 4-10; back in bradenton, any parties tonightt?!  wink  hit us up while we're off love "
so high up we aint nvr come downnnnnn! smile  work@12 baahaaha
"i broke mags phone last niiight  annoyed ( txt mine if you wanna chill tnght! @wrk til 4"""
"off work, leeeetssss chill!  smile "
a thought is not a thought unless you think abt it      my mind is blown
"he jst cant refuse it, likes the way i do it(; w holla then outttt!"
half dub prb meggans after ;* holla!
"i hate getting stuck at work bc the rain! going home, sleeping, then kellys house tonight! while the parents are away the girls will play! haha:b"
since highschool ive bought so many lighters  where the fuck do they all go?! -_- st00pid
oh i just want to let you know   you're fucking mental! mental! ahahahaha lick my body ;*  love  tonights gunna be a g00d night!
we get wasted like da white booooyyysss!:b
i want to sleep forever  i love <propfemale> stockford!  smile  work 4 to 10 tmrwww!
"sleeping forever   whadda joke! got home@7, now at kellas, wrk 4-10, then partypartyparty(;"
i sound like a lesbian w no voice and i think im dead  must  sleep  tacohell ownz my soullllll!
"happy birfffdaaay hg! love  w <propfemale>, shanny, and <propfemale> goin to drumcircle tonight ;*"
sick  sad 
love is heartache carefully disguised as a blessing
~*~c0mm3nt m@ii st4tus nd ii will t3ll y3w wut ii th!nk b0ut chu~*~
                      <propfirst> dodson!!! d:<
going to <propmale> crickett then work 4-10
"im glad when i say shit i get it done, i nvr plan my days arnd who will smoke me out, i have a job that actually gives me hrs, and that even though im busy as fuck i make time for the ppl i care abt  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckyou, have a nice life boooboo;*  love "
"im outspoken, strong, ambitious, and know exactly what i want  if that makes me a bitch, then i'm a bitch  hate to disappoint you  <propfemale> crawford's for the night love "
quitting smoking is just a matter of saying no  no no no no no!
im not going to die of lung cancer smile  @shmellys w aut and leavin for tampa tmrw mornin  kiss 
"today is a celebration of <propfirst> dodson's life  without that day, i would most likely not be standing, or at least standing sanely, today  here's to you, <propfirst>  thank you for being born "
tampa watch out! here we ccuuummm! smile 
we drive like the cullens   d:<
you know what? im at college and i like it!!!!! muahahha
tonight we will conquer the bull like never before! but first    wendys and mcdonalds! haha its not yo birthday!
"get out daaa waaay, pretty girls comin through! smile "
"munchies 420 w <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and whoever else happens to be in <propmale>s truck! nomnomnomnomnomnomnom love "
i love when my dad comes to visit and i don't even see him for five minutes! oh wait   
i used to think you were a rly good friend until you decided everyone else in the world takes priority  seriously     idgaf anymore  have fun w the people you talk shit about on a reg basis 
"currently indulging in a \mind-erasing\"" treatment  hollaaaa at me if youre cute ;b i dnt believe in boyfriends but i believe in havin fuuuuun!"""
"back from beach  work 5-10  den 0ut 2 pl@y w autumn schenk, <propfirst> dodson, <propfemale> crawford, <propmale> <propfirst> simmons, <propfirst> daigle, &<propmale> tilley       and parry muahahaha love "
8 days since ive smoked a cigarette! smile  boooo-yah!
men are like a fine wine; they start out like grapes and its our job to stomp on them until they mature into something you would have dinner with? ;*
bad girls club stole my heart! briiiiing on the trashy girls  kiss 
white ave 
my back is <propmale> than my front      and i like it!!!!! lets get nasty tooonight! ;*
happy girls are the prettiest  smile 
"i walk arnd my house w my hair a piled on top of my head, no makeup on, wearing the most comfortable nappy clothes and when i pass the mirror i cant help but think \   my pooooooooor future husband!!!\"" > smile  haha"""
work 3-10 then getting my groove on w a loko love  hahahaha
operation drunk occurring bai!
i get the shit end of every deal  i hate being the middle child 
my kiss is like whiskey it gets him drunk and he wakes up in the mornin w the taste of my tongue  wink 
"cant wait to graduate, move out, get my own place w a chillll ass roommate and adopt a kitten  hhhhhhhhhhhellllllllllllllllllllll yaa! love "
thank you autumn schenk for getting me sick     -_- work 3-10 then sleeping forever
i feel like shit  goodnight 
"ive broken my heart so many times ive stopped keeping track  i talk myself in, talk myself out, get all worked up and then let myself down  all i can say is i guess i havent met you yet"
i see a bad nigga and i think i wanna hollaaaa then he say he wanna love me but im all abt the dollaaar;* $$$$$$$$$$$
<propfirst> mayer in tampa on sept 10! whos all goinnng?
oh im growing tired of letting you steal everything i have  youre making me feel like i was born to service you  i was born to destroy you 
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have 
"good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life"
"but she's so hypnotizing, the way she laughs when she sings makes you smile in your sleep love  srq mall w hg and possibly aut ;*"
"if you look up trashy in the dictionary, youll find a picture of me!!!    oh wait?"
mexican food followed by white ave  love 
"i was born to be stubborn, to be a little bit bitchy, to push ppl and to push myself  i was taught to nvr take life for granted, to live a little, to love w everything i had, to nvr give up, to believe in myself, but most of all, to fight for what i believe in "
"first, god created man        then he had a better idea  wink "
"gotta read two books, fill out stuff on them, read a couple parts of the bible, write about it, write a college acceptance essay, and finish my ap psych notebook  i hate school "
"home from work, goodnight  love "
"i rly can not understand why any female wld ever make herself sound dumb intentionally    ? maybe i'm crazy, but i'm way too intelligent for that and i have way too much respect for myself  it's okay to have a brain and boobs! goodnight "
"it is way too early  work til 2, someone txt me and gimme a ride hooome pleaseee!!!"
"and i'm sorry but i can't bend over backwards to please you anymore  you've never been worth it and i've given so many chances, but you always do the same thing  you're out of chances, you'll never change, and idgaf anymore  i trust you as far as i can throw you, and i can't even pick you up  nap time love "
"getting drunk, going camping in the wilderness    god autumn schenk what the hell have you gotten me into?"
<propfemale> vs wild         just why
"i love my house  there aren't any bushes, i have a bed, we have air conditioning, no bugs    work 11-6 then i'm sleeping for a very, very long time  yayyyy!"
"finished the kite runner, took a nap, jst woke up and now im watchin the movieeeeee  love "
"i need to buy ink, a new charger for my laptop, all my back to school supplies, etc  dfnsejfnjkfnsjfns why does money go so quickly?!!! -_-"
my family sucks  goodnight 
work til nine then going to mags to do hw and watch kite runner (again!:b) then mhs bright and early and getting my tan on around one  now you can stalk my life!
"why the hell is <propmale> schwarzenegger the governor of california   ? and why am i jst finding out about this right now!? <propfemale> stockford, you have opened my eyes to so much "
i forgot how cold it is in mags house  fmllllllllllllllllllll! plus side: entire bed to myself  laugh  woohoo!
just got home from mhs and now i have my schedule!! smile  yaaay!
"good morning  smile  going to mhs w aut to get her schedule figured out, then back home, then to work from 3-8 "
"woke up, did ap lit hw, now off to work  bai!"
sooo sleeeepy
sdjfsdfnsfjsnjenfsnsefjsnf im so glad <propmale> <propmale> exists!
"i know god will not give me anything i cannot handle, but sometimes i wish that he didnt trust me so much! school work, phone, sleep  love "
going to <propmale> penneys w aut and grandma ;*
i just witnessed autumn rape her grandma 
im not ready for school to start !!!!!
at <propfemale> stockford's house doin work like yeah!  love 
"i've been waiting too damn long for autumn to wake up, so now i'm going to attack her and drag her ass out of bed and say \time for sum fl sunshine!!!!!\"" > smile """
      autumn is cooking us a romantic dinner  this is completely normal    right?!!?  annoyed 
wow she completely swooned me  love 
bring on the naked boys and bubbles!!!!!!!!!!!!                 wink   love  ya autumn schenk
last day of summer and i have so much hw to finish and im sick? wtf is this?!
"i really need to get my laptop charger fixed  im sick of people blaring the television while i try to do my school work!!!!!!!!!!! sorry, but my grades take priority over your movie  shut the hell up -_-"
"seven pgs left of ap psych, blow drying my hair picking out my outfit for tmrw, then sleeping pills and bedddddd time"
"ap psych complete  ap lit complete  sleeping pills have been taken  time for dreamland, oh hell yeah! love "
first day of senior year    and id rather be in my bed
pull me down hard and drown me in love
"and you've been caught, red handed, and we're laughing  i love <propfemale> stockford! ;* yay for being single!"
"independently exhausted     i wish money grew on trees and grades were given for smiling, not for tests homework  goodnight fbk love "
"today is going to be a good day  smile  three classes wif my best friend <propfemale> stockford, yaaaay!"
"thanks to <propmale> <propmale> i broke my phone while \swimming\"" and lost all my <propfirst>  msg me your number!"""
slept 10 hrs and im still sleepy    this isnt normal
i hate getting sent home early  sad  i wish i wasnt sick wtf!!!!
i'm in love with my bed  love 
"three ibu profen, two dayquil gelcaps, and cough drops     now off to school!"
the square game is entirely too intense   
goooooo canes !!!  smile 
i wanna be forever young ;b
i wish my immune system ddnt suck -§- going out to lunch w my mama then work at 3
well idk   ask me in an hour -txt frm aut schenk
"cleaned rearranged my room, finished all hw, and feeling a little bit better!  smile  yaaay!"
i loveeeee my best frieeeeeend <propfemale> stockford !  smile  goodnight  love 
i wish i was in college 
so sick of hw  im nvr going to sleep tonight !
"im sick of my mom allowing her boy friend to treat her like shit  homework, homework, homework, then finally going to bed "
thank you bed for being so unbelievably comfortable  goodnight!
goooooood morning  smile  school then with my two best friends!
i love basking in <propfirst> wilsons <propfemale>     smile  with nuh boiz <propfirst> an <propmale>
"homework complete, time to sleep!"
"dolphin girl, i doont gettt it, waataaaahhhh, dis head! and imma beat yo mama !     me and gabba need to gtfo of here"
i thought a heard a bird   ? no its my raptor in my backpack 
beach w <propmale> and brendy
immmmaaa do me  wink  maaaaggie stockford i adore yooou !  love 
just got beat by a crippled man    then he kissed my cheek and hit me again !
fuck school tmrw 
the only man a girl can trust is her daddy  goodnight
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
"so much school work, so little time  off to work  love "
"\and i love that you have this insane way of talking in circles that makes perfect sense\""            why haven't i met someone who says that to me?"""
"<propfemale> walsh is mia, replaced by this robot that works at tbell and does hw until the middle of the night "
going out to dinner wif <propmale> and brendaaaan !
im alwaysss doin something wrong     sad 
sometimes a hurt is so deep that you think youre going to drown 
i need a car and to gtfo of this town 
im up off my knees  i love maggie love 
aye mag i like yo fit you rememba me gurl ?! my namez r0b
so much for not smoking  fuccckkkk youuuu assssholeeee
"bought new stuff for my bed, cooking w <propfemale> walsh, then going out and about w <propfemale> stockford! love "
ill be the best you never had  wink 
"you know, you know, you know ill nvr ask you change"
"goooood book, cup of coffee, waiting for my best friend to get off work  love "
"can i get that <propfemale> on the rock, rock, rock, can i get salt all arnd that rim, rim, rim, rim  wink "
i wish i loved bed time this much when i was little! goodnight  smile 
i wish i wasnt awake right now !
when a good girls gone she's gone forever (;
poor little misunderstood baby no one likes a sad face
fake grass at mhs? ahahaahaha it matches all the fake girls  wink 
almost hit a man on a bike hahahhahaahhaa
i rly need to stop procrastinating and study for this damn psych test     im drinking a whole pot of coffee tmrw
fffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccckkkkkkkkkkk
woohoo
extremely exhausted        lolz alliteration! ;*
ready to see manatee whoop some palmetto ass tonight!!?  wink   love 
meeeoowww ahaha  smile 
well               this is going to be awkward!
ggggggotta gtfo
"\comin through with another one! look i caught another one!!\""  smile  i love little kids on the pier so much!"""
im w a bad bitch hes w his friends (;
"\im gunna eat yo shit right now! gettinn moneyyy oh grandma loves dis sawng!\""  love """
<propfemale> believes that a <propfemale> shower wld be the death of her  surprise 
my life is preeeeeeeetty g00d!  smile 
work 12-8 then spending time w my padre  smile 
whats the hw for ap psych ?
"the minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for"
"best yr of my life? nawww man, just fast forward to graduation so i can actually start my life"
school then convincing <propmale> to take me to walmart so i can buy a paint by <propfirst>  smile  yay!
sooooooo sleeeepppy! going to sb w mag smile 
!m$0: *;! bahaha
"here's to the shit we tlk, the boys we stalk, to running frm the cop, the laughs tht cnt stop, the gossip we spill, the looks tht can kill  to having eachothers back, the nxt morning gathering facts, downing the beers, spilling the tears  to running pong, to staying out all night long- cheeeers ! you're my best friend mstock !"
"goooood morningggg, cant wait til 12 30"
"kidnapped, call the po and blame <propfemale>! !m$o kiss ;"
"live to love, love to live"
"a man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears"
"dont tell me im always right, im not  dont let me win every fight  when i cry play w my hair and keep your promise if you say youll always be here "
"i think men are afraid to be with a successful woman, because we are terribly strong, we know what we want and we are not fragile enough"
"shes the type of girl who smiles even when shes crying, who stays strong through it all "
"theres no such thing as good girls gone wrong, only bad girls found out  wink "
i keep waiting to find a boy who has more balls than i do
"eventually you snap and say the things you've been holding back, meaner than you ever intended to  fml "
"ill nvr be the perfect girl- the one who doesn't spill something on her white shirt, who always holds her tongue, who \let's it go\"" and doesn't tlk in circles   that just isn't me"""
"when you smile, the whole world stops and stars for a while"
"sick of being a boring bradenton boy? we have just the thing for you! personality! sold for as little as $3 in a can, also referred to as four loko! now you can be confident while you creep on the girl whos obviously not interested!        just why"
white rhino wooooped my ass
"you see right through me, how do you do that shit?"
frisk-frisk-frisk-friiiisssskkaaaayyy!
goodnight <propfemale>
tokyo w mag hahah smile 
i love wednesdays!
there are just some things you do w your best friend that you nvr tlk abt in public    ahahahahahahahah  love 
"and this is a tribute to all the women in the world who have spent a part, big or small, of their childhood intensely loving an asshole or complete moron"
fuuuuuck my life  annoyed  
life is rough so youve gotta be tough
"sick of people blowing up my phone! im fine, <propfemale> left me&mag at some kids house bc she was drunk&ddnt want to take us home, she was pissed bc we tld her that was bs- dnt offer to chill&leave us somewhere, i needed to get shit out of her car that i let her borrow, i got it, then she flipped shit&hit me in the bridge of my nose "
i hate being sick  sad  watching weeds love 
"the difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter  love "
i love when my best friend comes over when im sick  smile 
"partying is out, diet and gym membership is in  wink  time to get my shit together w my best friend <propfemale> stockford!"
"went grocery shopping w mag, hell yeah!"
"and the ppl in the houses all went to the university where they were put in boxes and they came out all the same, and there's doctors and lawyers and business executives and they're all made out of ticky tacky and they all look jst the same  love "
i like it on my dresser
"back to school for <propfemale> walsh then make up work, shower, and bed time  bai!"
i love this weather!!  smile 
"\julieeee walllssshhh!\"" \""howd ya knw?!\"" \""i saw your arms and i know those armssss!\"" hahaha mag smile """
"trust no man, fear no bitch"
"actions speak louder than words, so stop talking and grow a pair"
"fuck you sats, im tired"
"if you ever wonder how a girl survives, just look at who's by her side love !"
"its mikeys birthday so, being the best taco coworker evz, im chanting happy bday to him in an old woman opera voice and am reminding him not to rape childen  laugh "
men are like dogs    licking everything they smell
what a great start to my morning     not 
all girls want is sex!        oh wait lolzjk wrong gender love 
nap time w the best friend  smile 
white ave w mag!
i may be bad but im perffffectly good  wink 
"like an apple hanging frm a tree, i picked ripest one, i still got the seeds"
"one day itll hit, hard, like a ton of bricks, and youll be drowning- drowning in your sudden realizations wo any hope of getting back up  that day, ill reach out my hand and help you out "
"counting down the days til collegeeeeeeee   gotta gtfo of here, nobody can have fun sober in this town"
"hypocrites are my faaavvvvorite, april foools!"
the amount of distaste i have for drunken idiots is ridiculous  i wish i had a vehicle and cld leave them stranded places bc they annoy me and i wish i cld drive my own damn self to school  can't wait to go to college and only come back to visit mag! goodnight world 
"i love blueberry flavored coffee and the people i work with smile  workin til 6 30, then mags, then gabs!"
"dnt blame me for you being single, i let that dog off his leash yrs agoooo- naaaht my fault ya cnt give a dog a bone(;"
dead 
"they try to change me but they realize they can't, i can't be tamed"
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sphallolalia               you slay me! work 5-1 love 
its a beautiful day for a walk  smile  hopefully tmrw morning is too for my mothers sake!
can i get a fuuckkk yooou?!!     goodnight world
i dnt give @ fuxkk ! l0lzx0x         just no!
"women get the last word in every argument, anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument love  haahahahahaha"
hoe got drunk and swaaaalllloowed it ahaha!!!!!!!
marmath $$$     ? hahahahaha
youre gunna catch a cold frm the ice inside your soul
i wish on my left hand i only had a middle finger so i cld say fuuuck you to everyone 24 7
perfect math equation: lying faggot + dirty hoe = match made in heaven! ahahaha smile 
musssst get a car!  smile 
"you've got opinions man, we're all entitled to em, but i never asked so let me thank you for your time and try not to waste anymore of mine smile  hahaha"
free fries at mcdonalds   i love monopoly and mags good luck  smile 
it's bad enough that i have to wake up early every day for school   plus have a job   and hours of homework? do teachers not understand the need for a social life?! -_-
"arizona tea, i love you"
nobody's right if everybody's wrong
"i hate to break it to you babe, but i'm not drowning, there's no one here to save"
my two favorite girls on earth: <propfemale> stockford and gabby <propfirst>  love 333333
"fuck fake ass ppl        srsly, youre i n s a n e "
gotta get out of hereeeeeeeeeeee! college college college !!!!!!
goooooooodnight world! (( smile 
everrrrrythings gunna be all right  love  i wuv <propfemale> stockfoooooord! smile 
"\peanut    peanuts    idk <propmale> peanuts just reminds me of    mens balls  i can't name my dog after a mans balls!\"" -my mom"""
random people scream singing in their car? haahahaha just yes! smile 
quality time w <propfemale> stockford? i think soooooo!  smile   love  cells goodddddddd h0ll3r
feeling good we're feeling alriiight yeah smile   love 
girl im going crazy cause i cant get ya off my minddddddddd seems like the only thing that i think about is you all the time  smile  goodnight!
"i really, really, really love gabby <propfirst> and <propfemale> stockford  love  most amazing girls on this planet!"
longest day at work ever -§-
"school, opera, home, hw, sleep    boo-yah"
watching <propfemale>
<propfemale> the opera makes me wanna kill myself
make me feel like im the only one who knows your heart  smile 
adventure time doodoodoo
my life cldnt possibly be more awkward than it is right now ahahaha why
"clean slate, fresh start, and refusing to over analyze  love  homework then bed time smile "
"out of habit, i twisted the stem of my apple while singing the alphabet to myself  landed on d   who the fuck am i going to marry ahahaha"
gather your strength and rise up little bluebirdddddd  love 
"one step at a time, there's no need to rush  love  going to bed, my shoulder hurts  sad , goodnight! smile "
nastiest morning ever    ew
fuck yeah i was so right abt this cereal   
mission thermos is complete!
"all ive gotta say is \cummm and get it!!\"" hahaha i love my best friend  smile """
tumbling all over the place  smile  sweetdreams
prettttiest morning ive seen in a while! smile 
i might kill my mom in five   four   threee   two   one
"\its hot\"" \""no its not thts jst you\"" \""mom its hot\"" \""its always like this    shut up and sleep naked!\"" hahhahahaha"""
off to church with miss <propfirst> brockett! smile 
booooooooooooooooooooooooo!  smile 
"\trick or treat do you like what you see?\"" -ky wil"""
they say its better to have loved and lost but thats nothing but a bunch of fucking bull shit bc love makes people want to fucking die 
its hard right now but im going to learn to love life without you  goodnight love 
"goodmorning broken heart, nice to see you again  its been awhile "
date like a man so you dnt get played like a bitch
theres tons of fish in the water so the waters i will test
the one thing i still know is that youre keeping me down
"dear <propfemale> crowton, im going to give you a swirly"
just rescued a turtle  smile 
ill take a breath to wave away this day and continue on forward to tomorrow  love 
"half of your heart is a man who's never loved anything, you always knew id hate that you nvr gave me more than half of your heart"
"i'm a prize not a project, you can't revise me and change me to get a better grade, accept me for who i am"
my heart hurts
money on my miiiind
no more time to make it work its time to say bye bye  wink 
"in this tug of war you'll always win, even when i'm right"
it's such a beautiful day today!  smile   love 
time to swing on the swings w mag then off to work  smile 
my best friend is eating acorns because she wants to be a squirrel     i dont know what to say
i really wish every song i rly love ddnt remind me of you
"go on play your games cause i'm sorry, i'm too good for you anyways"
"you dont always die from tobacco, sometimes you just lose a lung"
"so about lil waynes new album blowing huge black <propmale>       yeah, just no"
fruit salad love  yummy yummy ;b
my best friend is quite a talented young lady  smile 
at work til nine  smile  donate a dollar to help support armed forces families!
considering massage therapy as a career choice    hmm
"at work until ten, gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"
bustin dees headz    whaaaaattt!?!
"i rly just wish i was asleep right now, nvr been more awkward in my life"
"lost my voice and feeling like death, fabulous  sad "
feeling like pooooop -_- goodnight world
actions speak louder than words    my entire family needs to realize that
"gooood to knw this time nxt yr i'll be a full time student studying massage therapy living on my own and working full time  smile     but until then, offfff to work then hw then sleep  love "
"why does everyone ask me abt happy endings when i mention my new future plans   ? obviously itll be free, duuuh"
burr burrr burr!!
"dear mr trinci, please make ap psych more interesting   zzzz"
sppppppppppppeeeeeeeeeechlesssssssssssssss
!m$0^*; shmeedle bop gdnght  love 
true love is seeing an imperfect person perfectly   i love you <propfemale>  kiss 
please dont let me go
turn your napkin into a finger puppet         o o
"with greyson joy wallis and <propfemale> crowton doing our ap lit project    which actually means i'm doing it, greyson is as always is yelling, and <propfemale> is sitting in a corner being gassy and eating ice cream "
i just dont understand why im at school     
waiting w manny at target for some breadsticks     grrreat!!
off work earlyyyy time to clean my messy room  smile 
i love my best friend soulmate! :b
without struggle there is no progress  love 
you'll always be my hero even though you've lost your mind
why is it friday night and why is there nothing to do  ?
"just kidding, time to get rowdy  smile "
"i want someone who makes me feel comfortable being me, who not only listens but understands, who doesnt try to change me and doesnt make me feel unworthy  someone who will love me through it all and who wont throw my heart away and who makes me giggle and who i can melt into without feeling afraid to be pushed away  where are you?"
mooooooooneeeeyyyy hunnngggrrrryyy $$$ off at ten then   ? ;b
"i dont want to, wont let myself, i have to realize this might be, this could be, this is goodbye"
"got my act scores, filled out a couple university applications to keep options open, received massage school brochures in the mail, ap lit project finished  love  life is good!"
"she wanna do it while the car is on, she say she wanna fog the windows, she say she wanna get it on, she wanna do it in the parking lot right now"
"some of us think its holding on that makes us strong, but i believe its letting go"
just witnessed some child eat his own eye boogers    why
"i'm not upset that you lied to me, i'm upset because i can no longer trust you"
"at walmart w a box of starcrunches, <propfemale> mostard & onion pretzels, sweet tea, <propfemale>, and warhead spray <propfemale>     i love my life"
bradenton keeps it classy at the fish preserve :b
"i love yooouu, and yooouuu, and you!     but idk abt you   "
but relationships are often so hard to tame and a prada dress never broke my heart before
currently sitting in my tent made of multiple comforters jamming sleeping in the back of my moms car     gainesville here i come!  smile 
haaaaappy thanksgiving nomnomnom  smile 
my mom loves the twilight movies more than i do   hahahahaha
gainesville! gainesville! gainesville!  laugh !
"boys are filthy liars that fill your head w promises that they just intend to break, they shld come w a warning label"
sleepover with <propfemale> goethe tonight!  smile 
all i have to say is why and sandwich
i'm extremely fond of <propfemale> crowton   love   love 
"stressing the fuck out, c00l"
"and ladies, when you start to get sad simply remember    he had a small <propmale> anyways  wink "
i saw you   and him  walkin through the rain    you fuckin him aint you!  love 
officer o gtfo of the parking lot so i can go home!
lokos get the job done  wink 
"life without the f spells lie, and trust me    you'll wind up face to face w a lot of them"
today i got in a battle while standing in the lunch line w a child that was like 4 ft tall     just yes
i will one day be an old lady with an abundance of cats
cudddddddle weather makes me depressed -§-
all i want for christmas is a money tree $$
this cold weather is makin my nose and cheeks pink!!
change your profile picture to one of a cartoon from your childhood and tell your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human faces on fbk until mon- only an invasion of childhood memories  for the fight against child abuse!  love 
i seriously just give up
and at the end of every day all i know is that i used to love and have love and that it left me more empty than ive ever been before 
"when people text me saying \np\""     i think of neopoints and neopets  normal?"""
"boy wtf are you thinking, stds arent pokemon   the goal isnt to catch them all -§-"
i love <propfemale> botero  love 333333 !!!!  smile )))))))))))))))))
cold  as  fuck 
hi im <propfemale> walsh and im straight forward and tell ppl how i feel instead of lying to everyone about absolutely everything and being a psycho! nice to meet ya smile 
acid rain brought us pennies! you demolished our faces but <propmale> for the pennies!    you are poo d:< -gab
"chorus concert was a huge success in my book, i mean   who doesnt love crazy black girls and naked men!"
"oh bbooyy ya look s0 g00d, i almost forgot how insane you are   and how fake     and what a compulsive liar you are    lol jk i still remember, sowwy you arent that attractive  wink "
maggies naked right meow  wink 
i love <propfemale> crowton and hot chocolate  smile 
"time to work, work, work!  smile "
man hunt   ? woohoo cant wait for sat!
i love my best friend more than you and you and you and you    no srsly
"we can always party on our own, so raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways  smile "
"feeeeeelin good we're feelin alright, yeah"
saaaayyy wuhwuhwhhat?!
i loved a boy like a little girl as i waited for rain all while standing in the desert
"w <propfemale> crowton , <propfirst> crowton , <propfemale> stockford , montana stockford gettin w y l d on a school night!  surprise   love   love   love   love "
shoobledooobledoooo school i hate you !
rebbbbbellllll status w mag and shmelsea love  then work from 330-930  -_-
school and cold weather?!     i miss summer and the beach so much
i am mentally fucked   time to singg
"closing my eyes and drifting off to sleep, goodnight insanity   hellooo sweet dreams love "
so which face on your six sided dice am i gettin tonight
"im sorry <propmale> mars, but i wouldnt jump in a train fo ya"
and all you're hearing is your own damn echoooes
goodnight <propfemale>  love 
feeling so sick omfg why
first day of christmas break   and im sick -§-
"the iq levels these bradenton boys have    good god, help us"
"ive done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness but you keep treating me like a staircase, it's time to fucking step and i won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath  you know what you've done, no need to go in depth, i told you you'd be sorry if i fucking left, i'd laugh while you wept  how's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it?  love "
singing colt 45 with my little brother while decorating the tree before work    i love my life and for once in the past couple days don't feel like my ovaries are e playful loding!
i really like taking forever to update my status when my mom is freaking out trying to get on the computer   > smile  sleepover w mag and chels tnght!  love  ahahah
"my two favorite girls are passssed out, ahahah  smile  time to call it a night! love  <propmale> in the morning!!"
so much for going to sleep early! waking up at 7 for magic kingdom      these princesses better be legit!
"all i want is to curl up in a ball and cuddle while watching movies, im sorry disney world but im so sleepy!"
"\its a frozen banana covered in chocolate and nuts!\"" -<propfemale> powers ahaha sooo gooddd! smile """
"goooodbye <propmale> and <propfirst> mouse, hellooo bradenton and work tmrw -§-"
maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed  maybe they just need to run free till they find someone just as wild to run with them  love 
<propfirst> sellars is going down  basement 
i love waking up to my brother and sisters fiance hxc gaming while my sister and mom make brunch!  smile  i love christmas time  love 
<propfemale> christmas!  smile 
missing <propfirst> <propfirst> walsh very much  love  love you daddy! eating dinner with the fam and then reading > smile  christmas is my fav!
"taking advantage of <propfemale> <propfemale> walsh 's sleep deprivation? > smile  boo-yah, get on witcha bad self  wink "
i jusy dnt knw whats going on bahahaaaaaah playingapples to apples and goin wwylddd!!
feelin absolutely great  smile  gn worlddd !!!!!
"red hair, don't care  wink  and woohoo work from 3-10! then w the love of my life: <propfemale> crowton  love "
"1:20 in the a m  and im eating a protein bar, really? hahaha"
"you got that somethin that keeps me so off balance, baby youre a challenge, lets e playful lore your talent  wink "
im at some random house w fist pumpin babies! awee!
"learning to crochet scarves, cleaning my room, and reading  i'm all sorts of productive while <propfemale> is at work! hahaha"
my heart was your piñata = mind blown
i dont mean to bitch and moan   but tweezing sucks!!
in 2011 i wont fall for some douchebag guys bull shit lies    baha looks like btown has no options!
c 3*:wcbcbo!
watching a documentary reading the true blood series    then bedtime!  smile 
¡mags then baking cookies wif chels for hamlet in the courtyrd!  smile 
hamlet is boring and im freezing   -§-
ill undress my mind and dare you to follow
"\the streetlights are still on at seven thirty!?\"" -me \""   its the aliens   yay!\"" -mag"""
tacos tacos tacos then maggies b)
i really dnt like people     counting down the minutes til i gtfo of work!
"i was a mess of a dreamer who had the nerve to adore you, ill never be as cold as you"
"good conversations are a turn on, bradenton males need higher iqs pweaaase"
maybe this is how the world is meant to be
"if only you were able to see things how i do, with my kaleidoscope eyes"
so sick  my body hates me 
pull me down hard and drown me in love
"take, take, take it all but you never give"
"i want to tell you that my heart is too heavy to hold, but i like the sight of your fingers outstretched towards me too much to let you know "
i love to color  smile 
the walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy
"\wanna listen to my hit clips? ive got backstreet boys\"" hahahahahahaha"""
"this time next week my sister, <propfemale> <propfemale> walsh, is going to be married    i need to invest in waterproof mascara in the next couple days  i love you so much  love "
"chillin w the <propmale> couple, stoppin by friendship village, mackin on my lesbian cat woman   my life is getting a little outta hand"
"i mean, i guess it's okay to invite your friends places and ditch them all night for a guy    oh wait    nope  people in this town are way too egocentric and ignorant  flop the situation arnd and apologize, so damn ridiculous "
"i was young and in love, i gave you everything but it wasnt enough"
"soft blankets, chai tea, rain, and tumblr  i mean, exam reviews!!! :b"
"three exams down, four to go    -_- fast forward to the weekend and <propfemale>'s wedding pleaaase!!  love "
"oh boy you make me feel like, oh boy you really turn me on boy and i don't know what to dooooooooo0o00o0o0o ;* can i please state that studying for exams suck   yeah  "
insomnia = clean rm and more songs on my ipod
sometimes i like to blow up peoples notifications by liking and unliking things    dont judge me
karynas gunna blog abt me !  sad 
"productive day at school, booyah!"
tumblr tumblr sandwich tumblr shower tumblr tumblr nap tumblr nails tumblr party tumblr sleep and repeat forever
"p-p-p-party time, gotta end my last first semester the right way!  smile  i love <propfemale> parkin, brielle grunewald, & <propfemale> stockford"
deeees gurlz b t-t-trippppin
dubstep = blown mind  surprise 
"everyone lets you down  plus side, jennas getting married tmrw, yay"
wedddinggg day!  smile 
peeing in a bridesmaid dress is basically impossible!!!
i get really sad when my daddy leaves  sad 
"my own bed, chai tea, a good book, a brother-in-law, and the first half my senior year is over  life isnt perfect but i have so much to be thankful for  love "
"tumblr, tumbling, tumble, tumblrrr  love "
went into my senior year thinking i'd be super excited and love every moment    now i just wish i had a remote and could fast forward to summer  high school = gay 
i wish i couldnt sing worth a damn so that mr jomisko wldnt e playful ect shit from me -§- fuck my life
he used to be the person of my dreams and now he's just a demon of my nightmares
true blood books > show
"pokemon, yeah i love pokemon bitch so what  pikachu, squirtle, charzard   why you hatin? real ganstas love pokemon fuck the crips!"
i need a car !!!!!!!!
"i want to meet an amazing guy, no seriously though"
"dear bradenton males: think with your brain, not about getting brain "
accepted to fgcu!  smile 
srsly where do all these bruises come from   ?
adeezy and <propfemale> are married fo evvvaaaa !!
what ah we sellinnnnnnnnnnnnn <propfirst> smith ? choooocooolaaatezzz
just why 
"lets get <propmale> and build a house on a mountain makin everybody look like ants, way up there, you and i, you and i"
"i got muh mind on muh money, money on muh mind, but yousa hell of a distraction when ya shake ya behind"
<propmale> jr blows my mind  love  im so mature
<propfemale> walsh   on the back porch   weapon? shot gun     damnit <propfemale> stockford!
"biiiiippppooolllaaarrr and doesnt listen to anyone, ever    c00l"
i rly cannot wait to go to fgcu!  smile   love 
valentines day   ? wtf kind of holiday is that?
i love to jst fuck w ppl   ahaha
"i will nvr wrap my mind arnd the shallow minds of males   nope, no way, not me"
"mother nature, you saaaaahk"
you create your mind so make your mental space
"in the aftermath of the destructive path tht we're on, two psychopaths but we knw tht no matter what we put in each other's backs tht we'll have each other's"
"people think family is here to pick you up when youre falling down    what a joke, they just push you further "
i feel like complete shit  awesome 
nyquil + steriods + allergy pill on an empty stomach = vom
work from as soon as i can get there til 9 smile 0    fuck my life
walking dead
august couldn't come soon enough         no srsly
"doctor, finally"
time to sleep forever
watching the entire first season of greys anatomy
im never going to keep food down again  im so sick of being this sick 
disk 3 season 2 greys anatomy        love 
"when all else fails eat popsicles, crackers, and buy a netflix account"
s0 much makeup wrk for ap lit       whhyyyyyyy  crying 
"seep,zzzzzzz"
"up, upppp and away* its valentines dayyyy smile "
ya lewk gewd
tttttttttttttttttaco
"same shit, different day"
"we all have a story to tell, whether we whisper or yell"
munch
lay down for nap    wake up 4 hrs later and realize you're nvr going to sleep again 
"3 day weekend, just yes  love "
"call me spongebob, stackin krabby patties"
buhbuhbuheeeeaacchh love 
yoo but<propfemale> geh <propfemale> beh duh
iiiiveee goootttt alll thaaa maaakkiiinngsss riiighht hereee alll iii needdd isss a plaaaccee tooo c000ookkk
"ap lit homework was completed while laying out in my backyard, now i'm sunburnt and caught up w school work- life is good  love "
rah rah like a dungeon dragon
cough cough cough cough
"buh buh buh beach, yay"
havent you heard? the only thing i <propmale> is a shot ;*
"so tired, vocal mpa til late! go canes  smile "
"what do i look like, a chimney?"
that awkward moment when you try to step arnd someone and you both step the same way   
"hopped up outta bed, turned my tan on"
"so feddddddddddd up, vdfgdrgdsabvc"
get me the fuck out of this town!
and those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
your love was a gathered storm that i chased across the sky
"i guess you could say that we broke up because of artistic differences    he saw himself as alive, and i saw him dead   ahahahaha"
iss = coloring all day
"water everywhere, love it"
surrounded by a bunch of selfish assholes      fuck you bradenton
coffee and a good book sounds so awesome right now
"im late, im late, im late!"
"there has gotta be a party tnght, wtf is wrong w you ppl! 9418402622, hit me up smile "
"look like <propfemale> smoke like marley, waaaaaaadddup"
i really should get off stumbleupon       nahh
"went to lunch, then beach, then wif <propfemale>, now work til 9, then quality <propfemale> time   oh yeah!  smile "
munchin so hard paha
"follow the 3 r's: respect for self, respect for others, and responsibility for all your actions"
"cue sand, sun, and tanning"
no two people are comparable since each one of us is unique  be and love who you are 
"y0u r ¡nn0ying, no srsly  you = a tumor sucking the good mood frm my life! goodnight, ahahaha"
"quality time with my girl <propfemale> edmonds, getting our nails done :b"
sleep sounds so good right now but is simply not an option
i hate tacobell
feelin like linus carrying my blanket everywhere i gooo
hyped uppp !!  smile 
"work it, work it out giirrlll"
<propfemale> goethe !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
aaand sleep
"coffee and stumbleupon until work from 10-4, gooooodmorning"
work work work tacos work work work
"dear bradenton males: wear a condom  no seriously, why is everyone in this town pregnant?"
"cold, cold water surrounds me now and all i've got is your hand  love "
graduation needs to hurrrry up!
"only i wld trip going up the stairs, ahahahahaha just yes  smile "
"voice is seepy, time to watch <propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory  smile "
tan tan tan
"looking at you it occurred to me, i could sit down all day wearing nothing but your kiss  you make mirrors want to grind themselves back down into sand because they can't do your reflection justice  love "
they werent kidding when they said things get worse before they get better
there is no such thing as too much sleep 
"dont worry about a thing, cause every little thing is gunna be alright  love "
"cup of coffee and ap lit work, uuuuuuuuuuuuuughh"
my dog is like an annoying child     -§-
love is a temporary madness  it erupts like an earthquake and then subsides 
"take a breathe and don't cry, look on the bright side"
life speeeeeeeeeeeeeeds by like a dream
"i'm from a whole other world, a different dimension"
"$$$$$$ over anything, everyone, and everything  kiss "
theres nothing worse than seeing your daddy cry  heart-broken 
"new phone, txt me w your name: 9415453495"
"relieving stress by playing pokemon <propfemale> before bed, dont judge me"
please go and find another mind to stain the way that you did mine  love 
"that's correct, im a priority not an option and certainly not a rug to wipe your dirty ass feet on sweetie ;*"
looking forward to sleeping forever after work  love 
please get me the fuck out of this house and shit town 
"it's raining men, hallelujah!"
thunderstorms = bein lulled to sleep like a baby
"dear manatee county students: since our principals and other important figures don't close school when there are tornados wrecking havoc all over the place, i suggest just this once skipping last period bc driving in this weather is going to be a disaster in itself  call me the weather woman "
"no reception, lights flickering, and im supposed to be at work by five    who in the hell would want to go get taco <propfemale> during this storm? insanity "
"my girls: <propfemale>, he is we, <propfemale> bareilles, <propfemale> spektor, <propfemale> michaelson, colbie caillat, and <propfirst> swift  love "
"maybe all men are a drug  sometimes they bring you down and sometimes, like now, they get you so high  love "
note to self: avoid all clothing stores online or you will plan your entire next paycheck around shopping
people change and so do feelings 
"its just me and this shoreline, you've sailed so far away"
i know entirely too many beautiful people who never are truly appreciated for all that they do for others  that disgusts me and is extremely depressing 
"south florida museum w <propfemale> edmonds to see a streetcar named <propfemale> and get extra credit points for my ap lit class, booo-yah!"
she acts like summer and walks like rain
"dear bed,\i cannot wait until we meet again \love you fo eva,\<propfemale>"
"hey 101 5 fever, fuck you "
watching the butterfly effect w <propfemale> for the first time ever
"letting go doesn't mean giving up, but rather accepting that there are things that simply cannot be"
"hurt me once, shame on you- hurt me twice, shame on me "
be who you are and say how you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
eye wuvzzz brand-eeeee
"you don't get to choose when or who you meet, but you do get to choose who you hold on to"
i am absolutely imperfect and i love it
girls don't like boys girls like cars and money
"if you obey all the rules, youll miss out on all the fun"
"it's like i have espn or something, my breasts can always tell when it's going to rain   well, they can tell when it's raining"
"the real <propmale> of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right time, but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment"
"i want to get away, i want to fly awayyy, yeahhhhhhhyeahhhhyeahhhh"
to love in spite of all is the secret of greatness  and may very well be the greatest secret in this universe 
pull me down hard and drown me in love
"i hopped up outta bed and turned on my swag, no big deal"
"i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin' in my way"
"the history books forgot about us and the bible didn't mention us, not even once"
you seem to have a lot to say after being the one to push me awayyyyyyyyy
"dont fear the unknown, embrace it"
"fall seven times, get back up eight  love "
iiiii may be bad but im perfectly good at it ;b
there's only one thing young ladies should be inserting in themselves and that's knowledge 
we all have scars and stories
"if you think it's necessary to judge me by my past, don't get mad when i put you there"
i guess slutty is in season?
"never love somebody who treats you like you're ordinary, love the person who sees that you're extraordinary  love "
if i had a face like yours     i would punch it
"i'd call you a tool     but, then you'd have to serve some sort of purpose  "
"if you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends :b  love "
<propfirst> is great
let me see that thonggg baby make your booty go dunaduna
"everybody everybody wants to love, everybody everybody wants to be loved"
"watching the office, season 1 episode 1 (alexys gonzalez, this is for you)"
someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else  love 
itsssss my 18th birttthhhhdaaayyyy  wink  <propfemale> stockford is singing to me on the phone right now
<propfemale> lovessssss you on your 18th bdayyy ;*
"bed at 8:20? yeah, i'm a grownup now"
my liver's askin where the liquorssss aaaatttt!?
bouncing <propfemale> meowmeowmeow? theme song of my life haha
"but for now we are young, let us lay in the sun and count every beautiful thing we can see"
"itz z3 end 0f z3 world1!!1!! d:< nbr, i'm going back to sleep bc i'm rly sick and just dgaf -_-"
101 2? onehundredandonepointtwo!? d:< my body hates me 
diva is a female version of a hustler   loljk diva = <propfemale> walsh  kiss 
embracing the fuck out of my bed  love 
"love that will not betray you, dismay or enslave you, it will set you free"
"s0r3thr04t, wtfffffffffffffff d:< !!!!"
"under your thumbbb iiii can't breaattheee, so i won't let you close enough to hurt meeeeeee"
"the happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything"
"spend your life with who makes you happy, not who you have to impress "
"graduation practice when i'd rather be in bed, aweeeeeeeeesome"
"so excited to be living with gabby <propfirst>, <propfemale> edmonds, and <propfirst> <propfemale> ploski next yrrrr!!!!  love   smile "
"hello bed, pleased to be acquainted with yaaaaaaa ;b"
<propfemale> awaits
no more high school ever again wooooooohoooooooooooooo > smile   love 
"the day i quit tacohell willlll be the best day of my life, fuck this shit"
time to relax and jam to sappy music w maggggggg
got my nose re-pierced while mag got her industrial  love  we look good
summertiiiiiiiiiime and the livins easy  love 
"at the beach, soakin up the rays"
"good guys in bradenton? lol, funny joke"
"i'm weird \\m ,"
"bring on the sun, salty water, and sand"
youre beautiful the way you are
if people are trying to bring you down it only means you're above them
"i got my mind on my money, money on my mind but yousa hell of a distraction when you shake your behind!"
nap time? i think so
"one three two four, sleeeeeeep"
fucking onions
"my favorite movie is the notebook, don't judge me"
ft myers bound  love 
i'd be lying if i said i didn't love fgcu more than i ever imagined  smile 
everyone walks around with their heads down instead of looking up and seeing how beautiful the sky is
you stumble upon the most wonderful things when you stop searching for them  smile 
"i wanna love you and treat you right, i wanna love you every day and every night"
"and im free, free fallin  love "
never been this happy before  love 
i'm about to be reunited with my best friend after a month of her being out of state!  love 
"safe sex is great sex, better wear that latex cause you don't want that late text, that \i think i'm late  annoyed \"" text"""
yogurt mountain
watching <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows pt 1 for the first time hahaha
time for boyfriend to meet the dad   dundundunn!
"nature says sleep, i say no "
why hello there hookah bar!
sister bonding time followed by <propmale> potter at midnight  smile 
"dear bed,\i enjoy spending quality one-on-one time with you  you're my best friend \love,\j wow"
i love when i lay in my bed with my wandering mind appreciating all of the beautiful people i have in my life  love 
i love brandy edmonds
i love tumblr  smile 
you're not popular but your vagina is
"count your blessings, not your problems"
"entirely too many jealous people in the world trying to drag everyone down! i'm too busy for that nonsense, all smiles over here!"
"i may not be proud of some of the things i've done in my past, but i sure as hell am proud of who i am today "
"\i wish school was half as easy as the girls in it    \"""""
"never think just saying you love someone is enough, love is a verb and it means nothing without action "
does anyone want a free <propfemale> named samson? he's the shit but my sister can't keep him at her new apartment  annoyed  so he's free and really pretty  hit me up!
watching inception with my bayyyyybeeee  kiss   love  <propfirst> hayes you da best!
"when i was little and my parents put me to bed, i'd throw temper tantrums  now when people drag me out of bed, i throw temper tantrums  go figure "
13 days until i leave the place i've called home my entire life for fgcu  mind blown 
"when you start to know someone, all their physical characteristics start to disappear  you begin to dwell in their energy, recognize the scent of their skin  you see only the essence of the person, not the shell  that’s why you can’t fall in love with beauty  you can lust after it, be infatuated by it, want to own it  you can love it with your eyes and your body but not your heart "
