0d5c5cb7f7a6abe937bcb3c98b347db7
oh r'lyeh? ya r'lyeh!
*<propfemale> sigh* i'm too jaded for my age 
well    just woke up from a fun and interesting night  hope the rest of you enjoyed it!
just got done playing dragon age    and now realizes it's 5 smile 0 in the goddamn morning   
"in my place, in my place, were lines that i couldn't change, and i was lost   "
"let us remember, life's such a beautiful mistake\it's precious and fragile, sometimes more than we can take\it's stronger than fire, greater than all things men create\and i don't know what you want from me\but i don't wanna be perfect anymore"
watching a spider crawl up my wall    and would probably be one of the few people to do so without cringing in fear 
"never before have i seen so many choices in the gender box of an application    guy, dude, gentleman, chap, ninja, jedi, grrl, chixxor    male and female are at the bottom of the list  (gog com)"
i wonder why i try so hard when the end result is never worth the cost  somebody save myself from me 
everything has fallen apart    what turned out to be a good night is turning into a fuckin' nightmare  i fuckin' give 
"now my heart is a mess, murder scene in my chest \\not a clue how you got through the door\\but i'm glad that you came, no regret and no shame\\as i'm lying here dead on the floor"
work at 7am tomorrow    do not want to go  leave me nice messages while i'm gone  much grass 
"going out to sea today  just gonna be a few days, so i won't be missing too much "
"do you count on me now? and do you wait up for me all night?\\i wish i could run to you when you need me \\you know i can't be far    for long   "
"so happy to see the parents again    can't wait to see the little brother on monday, though "
"i'm a frock 3rd class! now i just have a few days of indoc before i put the chevron on and another 6 months before i get paid that, lol "
"you can call me petty officer grammer, now!  laugh "
time for sleep  it has been too long of a day 
"i don't want to be perfect anymore  you don't have to be perfect anymore, 'cuz your love is perfect just the same "
a fun weekend away with the cousins  happy father's day to all  underway on nuclear power tomorrow 
eye exam today  pupils are dilated  everything is bright and my depth perception is way off  ow 
good ol' thunderstorm  power to the base is out  pizza hut for lunch  hooyah!
"when comfort is an empty evening\\hanging onto complications\\sometimes quick sand has a massive appeal to me"
"sitting on the bed or lying wide awake\there's demons in my head and it's more than i can take\i think i'm on a roll but i think it's kinda weak\saying all i know is i gotta get away from me"
"is planning on quitting tobacco  i think i can figure it out, but i'm gonna need a little help to get me through this  anybody?"
to the world of starcraft    you have taken over my life yet again 
"i'm afraid i tend to disappear\into an anxious state\when you draw near\there is no reasoning\it's quite a silly thing\but it's the way i've been for years\\so i will understand if you don't stay\they say i'm great at first\but then the magic fades\into an awful <propfemale> of dismal views\and pessimistic attitudes"
i hate moving sososo much 
"i love that if i ever need a confidence boost, i just go to the gay bar  =p"
"i so want to get back on track\and i'll do whatever it takes\even if it kills me   \\(underway today    be back soon)"
i wish i was <propfirst> estacado 
"i'll destroy this useless heart\i'll fuck it up so it'll never beat again\not just for me but for anyone"
"them: tell me that you're alright!\me:     everything is alright \\why is my life a mcs discography on infinite loop?"
"i'll kick tomorrow\fight back at the pouring rain\i'll send the weakends\down the drain, down the drain"
"it's a little weird to sit down and read psych evals about yourself, and more than a little saddening   "
"we have doubled the washers at my barracks, which means?    we have two washers, and both are taken  fml"
i am the artist in the ambulance   
"i am due for a miracle\i'm waiting for a sign\i'll stare straight into the sun\and i won't close my eyes\until i understand or go blind"
"i want my muse back    now that i'm not as busy, i'm getting back into writing    inspiration, please?"
"hysteria, hysteria\it's happening again\i fall apart, i fall apart\i'm back where i began\if it were anybody else but you\i would not be afraid\a total calamity\of the choices i have made"
why does my mind have to be a fractured mess of paranoid anxiety and hopeless confusion? why do i need medecine to tell me i'm alright? when does it end? i am the one who lost his way   
about to watch toy story 3d with friends 
"standing watch for hours at a time gives me time to think, not all good thoughts either  this medicine should make it better though   "
"going on a bike ride with my cousins    god help me, lol "
"pedaled 9 <propmale>, went to a car show, met up with a friend    today was a good day "
maaaatt daaamooon!
time for nightwatch    this better be epic 
"i have a car now  when i'm back in texas, i'll be a happy camper   smile "
"maybe one day i could live normally without any help, but for now    i'll need 20mg and cigarettes everyday   "
"a ghost is all that's left of everything we swore we never would forget    \\we tried to bleed the sickness, but we drained our hearts instead   \we are the ones who lost our faith   \\we dug ourselves an early grave   \\we are the dead    can we be saved?"
"if i ever feel down, i shall turn to 'the big bang theory'    it is the shit!"
"sleep is on my mind  watch at 4am, so i'm gonna snooze this duty day away "
i has it  the halo: reach limited edition console  bow before its awesomesauce 
seperation physical on the 27th  not too much longer now   
i wish i could do the shit they did on night day watch
"i have a few names for my cat  i'm torn between einstein, <propmale>, and sergeant fuzzyboots!"
watching a spider build its web  it's quite beautiful to watch 
"give away a love and then remove another too \painted words adorn the walls echoing untrue \i feel cold   \\promises abound you rarely find them to begin \maybe i'm afraid to let you all the way in \i guess so   \\i excuse myself, i'm used to my little cell \i amuse myself in my very own private hell   "
"pounding headache, stuffy nose, extreme exhaustion    man, i am on fire today "
"if i were a werewolf, this place would be fucked "
*sigh* i'm no longer working at group 2  now it's back to menial tasking again   
nothing like watching spongebob to remind me of good times 
"it matters not how strait the gate\how charged with punishments the scroll\i am the master of my fate\i am the captain of my soul"
i'm getting an honorable discharge! yeah!
"for the first time, the happy pills aren't getting me through this  someone else please save myself from me "
"if you make me use my imagination, you're gonna end up in a threesome with your boyfriend and a llama   "
"15 days left in the navy   \7 days left for group pt\5 more duty days left   \freedom has never tasted so sweet "
"it's a rainy day    the mood for tonight is set, hehe "
"just got done cooking for my friends    everyone is fat, dumb, and happy now  i'm so happy with how it turned out "
13 5 4
"all i can do is close my eyes and cross my heart and hope to die 'cuz you don't fucking listen when i'm around \\the least you can do is take it back, all the vicious remarks and verbal attacks, 'cuz i can't fucking stand it when you're around "
reading the dead space novel    reeeal creepy 
"holy shit  finished one novel today, and already halfway through a second  i'm on a roll!"
finished my second book this week  i'm on a roll!
"only two more duty days, not including this one  texas, i'm coming home to you "
"an early morning for watch sucks, but it was worth it  had an amazing night with an amazing girl on my mind "
fermented balls   
being evil (in game) never felt so good   
i'm on facebook    because <propfemale> has a browser tab that i can use    i think that's a pretty awesome idea!
you're like a cock in slow motion  it's like watching you fappin' through a windshield!
"a nice long conversation with you was just what the doctor ordered  your crazy mind, kindred soul, and tender heart make any of our moments memorable  thank you, <propfemale>   love "
"my last watch in the navy starts now  freedom, you are all but mine "
i am a free man    though i can't feel i appreciate it    heh   
hanging out with the cousin for a few days  this should be interesting   
"i'm starting to believe the ocean's much like you   \because it gives and it takes away   "
hmmm    i'm still awake    i'm thinking i have problems 
"i awake to find no peace of mind \i said, \how do you live as a fugitive?\""\",0d5c5cb7f7a6abe937bcb3c98b347db7,i'm already back to the old habit: playing games 'til sunrise    life is good 
i wouldn't say 'mission accomplished'    but we didn't fail miserably    for that i say 'mission salvaged'     smile 
"i'll <propfemale>t this broken heart\i'll fix it up so it will work again\better than before\then i'll <propfemale> in a mystery\a tragic tale of all that's yet to come\with fingers crossed there will be love   "
i'm worthless    end of discussion   
my capacity for bouncing back is getting better    the human mind is a weird thing 
"i'm good at willing myself out of bad dreams    but when it comes to night terrors, i'm helpless    but i know it's just sleep paralysis, so it's not as scary "
just hit 24 hours    time to sleep    never much liked the say time anyway 
"moving out to null-sec on <propfemale>    even if you don't know what that is, wish me luck anyway "
i'm a saaaaaad panda 
"i've touched down in texas  after all this time, i'm finally home   "
i can hardly wait until my damn party gets started tomorrow    23 5 hours to be precise 
"i will not be pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed or numbered "
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, and thanks to the ones who were able to show up to the party  it was thirty-two different kinds of epic    minimal hangover, too    and someone really awesome to drunk text until i pass out     smile "
"by the way guys     i lost my phone    and it's dead    so here for a little while, i'll be phoneless until my new phone comes in    either monday or tuesday  call me on the house phone until then: 817-573-8870"
"going skydiving today    oh man, wish me luck! =p"
new video! watch it now! =p
"no you girls never know\oh no, you girls'll never know\no you girls never know\how you make a boy feel"
just got my new phone in the mail!
it sucks wanting to talk to someone    and not feeling motivated because you think no one cares what you say    i wish my mind wasn't a broken toy nobody wants to fix   
just got done watching the imaginarium of dr  parnassus  quite the intriguing flick 
"smoking a cigarette in nothing but my boxers    god, i love being home "
yeah toast!!!
watching the walking dead  wish i had some company 
now i'm watching the prisoner  it seems good so far 
"alright, i'm just going to say this once, and it will make me feel better if all my friends hear it too: <propfemale>, i hope you fuckin' die!"
"watching \the pacific\""  who wants to join me?"""
"at a random coffee shop with the mom  some kinda stand up comedy thing going on  gets me out of the house, so i'm okay with it "
"too many christian overtones in that coffee house  glad we left when we did  now, for something completely different "
"i never ever cried when i was feeling down\i've always been scared of the sound\jesus don't love me, no one ever carried my load\i'm too young to feel this old"
"my body aches, it heaves it shakes\all somersaults through so-called art\and i still don't know exactly who i am\i never will\amen"
is it the in thing to do these days? have a fuckin' child before you turn 21? seriously? most of you are fuckin' idiots to begin with 
"help yeah, <propfirst>!"
"why do people have over 1,000 friends on facebook? honestly    you don't talk to even half these people    do you just want to feel like you did in high school?"
"sometimes, i think the only way for humanity to be cured is if the earth were bathed in nuclear fire  maybe i just hate everyone that much   "
"it's sad that my longest conversation of the day came from the admissions rep for iadt  45 minutes    god, i need a life "
my biggest regret in life is not a girl who broke my heart    it's not giving it to the girl who most deserved it 
salvation lies behind those dead eyes that watch you sleep every night 
"bye bye, blackbird   "
"hi, i'm dude manrod, and i shave with an angry ferret  that's tough!"
i is mining on <propfemale>! it's really just to kill time until insomnia opens 
at a club  lots of people  bored out of my mind  go me 
just watched the trailer for cowboys and aliens    do want!
i'm looking at profiles    and despite the fact that some people are older than me    need to go back to middle school    because your spelling is an embarrassment   
on my way to see the cowboys play    happy thanksgiving everyone!
thanksgiving = fail  thanks dad for ruining a cowboys game and making alcohol less appealing to me 
i love being 21  so drunk   
*sigh*
god    i hate being sick   
"alright, i'm going to go on a deletion spree    it's time to get rid of some \friends\"" on my list    you all have 48 hours    starting an hour and a half ago   """
24 more hours    and then it's time to cull the heard 
"just got back from my first date in    who knows how long    and yes, it was pretty sweet   smile "
"if you are reading this    you have survived not one, but two rounds of deletion  congratulations, you are still worth a damn "
"fuck my life, i hate cleaning    but i'm getting moneys    and i do love me some moneys!  laugh "
"since everyone seems to be choosing a random cartoon to put as their profile pic    i'm gonna go with who you could see me as, lando    fuckin' cyclops!"
"i have a new rave name now    when we go the club next time, you will now know me as \faze\""! =p"""
"damn right, the cowboys beat the colts!  laugh "
"alright kids, let us do that number thing  you send me a number in my inbox or whatever\ and i'll either tell it how it is between us or answer any question you\ want  i doubt many of you will do this, but meh, lets go!"
"27) you are indispensable  you've been a very good friend, but if booze ever happens around us (and it usually does), you always make me regret it in the morning, hahaha!"
"42) took us over 20 years to finally meet up, and had some great fun while i've known you  too bad i'm not up there anymore  oh, and your family doesn't lie when they say you're a bad influence, which makes us awesome as a team   smile "
"13) i won't lie, i pretty much hated you for a short time, especially when you told me you wanted to end my career  jokes on you, lol! i ended it myself by accident, and that's when we became friends again, due to the rangers and the yankees and a mutual hatred of a certain person  you know who i'm talking about "
"31490: one good thing out of this, you were probably the most sane person i dated  no seriously, you didn't try to kill me or go crazy on me, so that is definitely a plus "
"26: i hated your guts at first, mostly over a mutual acquaintance  then you talked to me first, and now i don't hate your guts  you're actually a pretty cool guy  we should <propfemale> out one of these days "
"t4c0: all i can remember are good times with rock band, bad times with douchebag that lived with both of us, and ugly times in high school  we need to <propfemale> out more often, in my opinion "
"24) i crushed on you pretty hard when i first met you while we watched pirates of the caribbean 2  the pokes and what not made me all giddy and such  i don't crush on you anymore, but you're still a sweetheart, and i'd be a liar if i said you weren't cute   smile "
"33) fuck your idea of a 21st birthday! hahaha, but seriously, you've been a good friend throughout school, but we haven't talked much since then  we should <propfemale> out and have more fun drinking times  i don't want to rendered near comatose next time, however, and if you get a bottle of rum anywhere close to my face again   "
"72) i didn't have much of an opportunity to <propfemale> out with you a whole lot, but i do remember the pretty awesome hotel party that you and i were a part of    and the remnants of a bottle of vodka i decided to leave all for you  hope you enjoyed that much, lol "
"37) you were the first guy i looked up to while in the navy  if i had questions, you had answers  too bad it ended all too soon for you there  i'm just glad you're finding success elsewhere  oh, and i absolutely do not like talking to you on the phone  you're much more enjoyable in person "
"22) i don't know a whole lot about you, but i pretty much fell in love with the fact that you were about as geeky as i was  too bad i don't think we'll be spending a lot of time together   "
"007) really? you are not <propfirst> bond  =p  but since you asked    i find you to be absotively posilutely gorgeous, and your ability to stay that way after two kids is mind boggling  i wish that we could have spent more time together, but alas    the navy didn't like me enough   sad "
"77) how was i to know that a simple writing exercise would turn into something so epic, both on and off the paper? i still can't wait for the opportunity to meet with you, and i'm stoked that we are both writing again  you have no idea how happy that makes me!"
hahaha    i must be a sick bastard 
so they are rebooting the tomb raider franchise    can't tell if i'm excited or nervous about this development 
"hell, even as an old fuck, <propmale> eastwood could still kick our collective asses "
"spending more time with tnm    oh, how you are so awesome   !"
"i could bury you alive but you might crawl out with a knife\and kill me when i'm sleeping\that's why\i can't decide whether you should live or die\oh, you'll probably go to heaven\please don't <propfemale> your head and cry\no wonder why my heart feels dead inside\it's cold and hard and petrified\lock the doors and close the blinds\we're going for a ride"
i need a job    halp?
"time for sleep    thanks for everything, by the way    and you know who you are   smile "
"interesting chain of events today    met an age old friend i haven't seen in 6 years, go to a bar, come home for some horror movies, and now the internet isn't working    eh?"
drunk    hot tub    missing some clothes    good night 
i is makin' s'ghetti!
yup    tron was the shit   
fucking nic fits    i so want a cigarette right now 
"if any of you don't have any plans for new years, stop by my house  i'm having a little something going on  there will be booze and fireworks    just sayin'   "
i think i'ma play me some fable 3 
hmmm    cleaning the house for my sisters arrival    out of cigarettes    problem? i think so   
i still fold my clothes in the style of the navy    fml 
"i guess i should go to bed now    *sigh* i hope you're doing alright, you know who     sad "
"so fable 3 is beat    and my body is fiending for a cigarette    ack, why did i have to start smoking in the first place?"
"sad panda    domination match on mw2, 199 to 130, seconds left on the clock    and some douche on the other team launches a tactical nuke    and we lost     sad "
"one more week until the next installment of incursion! yes!\btw: this is for <propfemale>, and i bet more than half of you still don't know what i'm talking about "
"i wonder why so many of you have 100+ photos of yourselves in the same pose, wearing the same smile, with the same people    if you're going to put pictures up, make sure they're an update or a worthy memory or even something funny, otherwise you just look like an attention whore "
i assume you all have guns and crack!
"i am now a licensed driver    be afraid, be very afraid   "
"if i die, i bequeath to all of you    a boot to the head "
