3ea66a62418d6931fa407cfe965ebcb6
so far today is a good day   it has been 3 hours since ive had a smoke    pray to the various gods i dont turn into she hulk if someone sneezes
had a great convo with my little brother didnt bite anyones head off    although i cheated and had another half than a half of a smoke    come on peeps gotta give me some type of credit here  loves you alls
been waiting for two people to accept a friendship request for months now    i suppose i shouldnt hold my breath wink 
i feel like i need a smoke     pray to your god's peeps i miss the taste of the tar    could put bubble yum in my younger selfs hair for being so stupid for starting 
diito chickie sewing eh? cool i crochet myself    is making stuff with stuff cool?
ah i found my brother my blood brother happppyyyyyy <propfirst> i found my blood brother   sorry for yelling
i don't remember saving 95% on an apple ipad ????
now its an iphone and a 3d tv haha that cracks me up
"it is amazing how a test can claim your below average in intelligence, could it not be the questions asked are totally goof ball when it comes to the real world, now ask me if i know about ufos, then then i'll be marked genious ;}"
thank god <propfirst> you were right my eq is quite high at least it levels itself with the iq test
gotta get offline
can't think eyes blurred jeezzzz i've been a jabberjaw today
what in hades is a tag? whats it do for the love of crumb won't someone edumacate me ;}
"boy, randomly pick a name from your past here it leads to 10 more people etc etc"
my hubby stole my pita bread
kick ass welcome cous peeps say hi to my big cousin
welcome <propfirst>  another fine young cannibal is part of the circle  <propfemale>
"ahhhhh, damn computer, trying to post  a message  anyhoo ya'll gotta check out my friend <propfirst> and his band if you love punk you'll love them  www myspace com outoforderoi"
p s i'll be annoying ya'll on occation about them
my hubby was asked my honesty box question his answer was <propmale> cranston aka the shadow haha the shadow knows! ;}
to all who know <propfirst> dub check out his notes    thought involking and if you don't know him hell read them anyway  he never says s*&t just to say it 
ugh    this site is exciting yet depressing    really puts you to thinking   do i remember things correctly? to those that matter i'll check in from time to time but life is meant to be led away from this thing   heh lets see how long that thought lasts
cheers <propfirst>! thanks for the hook up!
sooo i just saw blue man group  awesome 
its strange to hear about tukey day in october!
it sucks when you can relate to one's plight but have no choice but to be a spectater
if you love punk or even just like it check out www myspace com outoforderoi
if you like punk checkout www myspace com outoforedroi
i donnnnnnn'tttttttt feeeeeeeeeellllllllll gooooooooooddddddd  watch out for the *sniffle* damn head cold going around it ssuuuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkssssss
why cant life be more like <propfemale> trek?
painting stuff rocks
"as well as my hands work, sewing is a nono for me i'm sooooooo stressed about heming a pair of pants   ha if that is what stresses me out i guess i'm doing ok "
dont dictate to me who i can and cant love or support  it makes me very grrr 
today is one of those days where it is hard to be positive
ah hell this new updated crud is perplexing me    can't seem to send a private message ahhhhhh   i'll try again later
the holidays make my head hurt 
at this very moment i am sooo humbug
boondock saints rule the cosmos 
crunch time on the baking front  wish me luck 
"ok now ill never watch the f@?*in news again  the numb nuts said the eclipse was tonight  im sorry <propfemale>, once again news and weather ruin a beautiful thing "
"lord knows when i'll have a <propmale> to say <propfemale> x-mas happy holidays shalom and happy winter solstice love you all my brothers and sisters, lets hope this round is a pleasent one!"
i'm soooo full of happy feelings today    even though bad stuff is happening    thinking of comfortably numb by pink flloyd    must find music to soothe this savage soul    need to commune with anybody really    off to read <propfirst> dubs notes    cheers!
woke up in a tizzy cause it really urking me    for the love of crumb does anyone know how to properly clean a guitar? its my father in laws and its in need of a little tender care wanted to clean it for him   plus musical instruments should be cared for  am i wrong????
ugh just had a smoke than lost my cookies    this is a good thing right? yet another reason to quit
ok two of the best scenes from the ice age movies are from <propfemale> of the dinosaurs  the first is the tango scene between the male and female squirrels and the next is the crime scene spoofs about <propmale> beating a t-rex with broccoli 
death sucks  having a crummy day trying to hold it together for my husband  pray to your gods peeps that i don't either e playful lode or implode  loves ya all
"today is alright, could sleep for a year though"
does anyone else remember the game mastermind? great board game 
is it just me or on occation does a husband need to be bopped on the nose with a newspaper?
i have looked everywhere   it is official   ive lost my banannas
thank you dear hearts for the happy b days two thumbs up!
jeezzzz still amazed by who you can find on this thing mega death cool!
alright i must share this thought with you all and if you choose to crack wise i don't blame you  boy <propfirst> is freakin' awesome  ;p
anyone else hear about the new zodiac sign? according to what i hear i am now sagittarius????? sorry scientists but i was born capricorn i'll die as capricorn!!!!
favorite xmen by far is wolverine  best ever 
hairspray  great musical  if you dig musicals check it out  <propfirst> travolta in drag  priceless
why do i feel like a complete idiot at times????still to this day am running to catch up with everyone else    grumble grumble
poor bilbo baggins  he carried the weight of the world on his shoulders  then it is shifted to frodo  poor poor hobbits   
not at all cool to be picking on bigger people    its like picking on someone who is gay    not at all cool 
if anyone cares on the cartoon network they are playing mad for a while pretty damn funny!
no matter who plays him   clark <propmale> rocks   i suppose that means superman rocks too! id still have to say that wolverine is still my all time favorite though   close second is spawn   then hellboy   ok gonna shut up now laugh 
ugh! good to commune with good people but has too much time gone by for some?and buy the way if im too forceful in anything i am truly sorry   not meaning to be    least i got myself   that is an important thing   i dont mind if you dont like me cause i do just dont pretend to 
its like a giant slushie out there!
if you dig <propfemale> monsters ie vampires and werewolves a new show being human is on syfy right at this moment
has anyone esle written any bad poetry? yeesh i gots a boat load of them     laugh 
<propfirst> <propmale> is one funny brit
futurama   good for what ails ya
everyone should read <propfirst> dubs notes   period!  laugh 
now its a giant snow globe out there!
shoveling time   not so bad with music blasting in my ears!
i have said it on more than one occation   vulcans rule!  laugh 
ok still trying to figure out this tag thing   in order to snag a photo you have to claim you are in it ??? or am i in desperate need of edumacation?
thank you all for the lovely game requests but it is not so much my thing if i do choose to check these out i will let you know much love
wow   i like 42 people   wowwww ;}
well just finished my sleep study   turns out i need air!
it has finally happened    i think i am becoming more girlie girl   when the hell did i start liking pink?????
ugh feels like someone just walked over my grave   ive got goose bumps here    surprise 
i am laughing my ass off all because of the best of <propfirst> kattan   hahaha its sooo stupid but in a good way
who the hell came up with the buttered cat theory????i hate it when i forget details    playful 
does anyone know what happened to <propfemale> pollard?
"love her or hate her she has a good message   \be kind to each other\"" <propfemale>"""
omg    the cutest thing in the world   a cat singing the blues wink 
to my wonderful husband   thank you for laughing at my dirty jokes wink  you make this place my home
feelin like a million bucks feels good to be free!
it is one thing to fib when you are too little to know better   it another thing when you are an adult   i am furious right now and somebody will face my wrath   i am sick of lying   no more of it!!!!done!!!
to reign we must keep silent speak only when nesscessary  yet another great lesson  lets hope i can adhere to this
well we seem to be over the first strom   second one coming around 3 am   bring it!
snow+rain=ice blah
i gotta stop typing when i wake up   i have enough problems writing stuff laugh 
meet the spartans is pure cheesy goodness   ya wanna laugh check it out
sick of shoveling snow   maybe a snowman is in order   
creeped out due to some scummy dude lurking around the house   hes gone now but lets just say my fur is up
jeezz setting up a printer now a days is like working for nasa  playful 
<propfirst> simmons sweatin to the oldies is cracking me up hardcore   this should be fun ;p
making jam and jelly today not too shabby
everybody go outside and look at the <propfemale> theres a huge ass ring around it
everyone i'd like to ask you to say a quick prayer to which ever god you pray to that my mother in law crosses over soon   cancer sucks
thank you for praying to your gods   rebecca r delory october 9 1955 - febuary 14 2011
it has been a rough patch the past few days very tired
made more jam today   laundry    moving branches from the drive way   basically a slave to chores ;}
shovel shovel and more shovel my granddad was right if the stripe on the fuzzy catepillars is wide we are in for one heck of a winter   a little indian wisdom to share
just saw the short 9 and than the movie 9 based on the short  it is stunning    dark but beautiful  highly recommend this film cheers!
sweet home alabama   damn cute movie   how many years has that been out?
cross stitching   not so bad once you figure out the pattern laugh 
does anyone else here simply enjoy <propfirst> and kumars antics? if you have never seen either white castle or escape from guantanamo bay i recommend them   pure gold
gotta go to a fam shindig today   ugh oh how i hate large crowds    ugh
why do i feel so blah today   ?
kung fu panda rocks if you enjoy this film check out the follow up secrets of the furious five it is short but sweeeeetttt laugh 
i'm as nervous as a yak in heat and i think i know why    ? the q is do i do anything about it? or do i hide under a rock for a spell?
laugh if you will but shakespeare curls my toes   in a good way that is!
oh by the way   silence is golden   but only if you want it   good to hear a voice again laugh 
planet of the apes   gold   space chimps   priceless   heeha im such a baby i think on the day i die ill be watching a cartoon  wink 
canadian bacon is gabisha redonculous    how many of us really have canoes and dont pronounce our os? heeha
going for the first question session for a d d testing to see if my knat like attention span is that or something else   it would all make even more sense if that is an issue! wish me luck peeps   huh good thing im good at oral testing!
its been over ten years since ive seen reservoir dogs    what was i thinking? good job <propmale>! favorite out of all of em   mr  blonde! sick f@*k    clowns to the left of me jokers to the right wink 
step one of testing done today the next session is an iq eval   lets hope i dont score low   yipes!
is anyone else having trouble with their inbox retrieving   facebook is cheezing me off    just a wee bit playful 
went to bugaboo creek for my hubbys bday   filled with mountie wood statues and talking buffalo and moose heads   great food and cheesy goodness   awesome  wink 
the movie up just pulls on my heart strings   and yes   it is a cartoon!  laugh 
today is step two of figuring out why my focus is so bad   i q  that is
passed my i q  test sooo thats not the problem phase three focus and memorizing skills
why do i feel like im on a one way street going the wrong way???
doc oz is debating medical marijuna on wfxt if anyone is interested  i say yes legalize it for medicinal use! i think what bothers me is that oxycontin is legal and damaging and addictive and an opiate but something completely natural not refinded is not permitted  does that make sense? i say hell if it helps a cancer patient i repeat a cancer patient eat and have less pain who are we to deny them relief
i have to say that the karate kid with jayden smith is a great remake seen it about five times and i still get carried away by it
i have some kick ass people in my life   my dream? that one day all of my brothers and sisters can meet   heh when im a multi millionaire mayhalps that will happen!
how bad is the snow in novie? we hardly got any snow here in weymouth
face off is an exvellent film travolta and cage are fab actors   soo believable
