44a047b760653feb8b552dd4c8d7c2ac
i volunteered saturday at <propfemale> spangled celebrations so that i could go to the <propfirst> <propmale> concert for free   i actually got to meet <propfirst> <propmale> after his concert   <propfirst> and i were walking out to our vehicle and he suggested we walk a different directions 
"what a week it has been already  <propmale> totaled my blazer so now i am sharing <propfirst>'s mini <propfirst> with <propmale>   i get home from work, <propmale> leaves for work   <propfirst> brought it to my attention last night thought that we have to have another vehicle for <propmale> before "
hello everyone    i want to thank everyone for the prayers concerning my vehicle situation   last night <propfirst> and i went and looked at a blazer that has a blown motor  and we bought this vehicle for only $400 00 it is in amazing shape (body wise) complete
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!
"for my friend and savior,  jesus, a new facebook challenge   i am out to prove that my friends will  repost,i hope i am right!!! lets lift up his name and make a  statement!! when jesus died on on the cross he was thinking of you and  me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, repost this!!!"
i am building my horse stable and i still need 4 harnesses and 4 nails  help would be appreciated!!! thanks everyone!!!
"attn ! do not click the  \ok\"" button when you click on a \""get a collectible\"" post  click the  \""home\"" button or the \""back\"" button to return to the home <propfemale>  each  collectible can be claimed 10 times  if the first person to claim it  hits \""ok\"" they ruin it for 9 other people - this is why they are gone in  2 seconds            it's not just collectable it also works for valentines and the animals  all of the postings"""
<propfemale>  holloway i care for all of your farms!! let's see who in my fv  neighbors list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own  bulletin  let's see who the true fv neighbors are!!
"put ? this ? on ? your ?  status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? wonderfull ? son's ? in the ?  world, i have 3 of them   erik,jesse and <propmale>"
hey zoo world friends   i need arachnids or insects to complete my next achievement any help would be appreciated   thank you!!!!
i am not sure how i feel today   a little emotionally confused i guess    my baby boy (<propmale>) is legally an adult today   no more babies   
"<propfemale> alert: stop playing   for a minute - copy and repost! 3 yr old boy taken by man in rochester   mn driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate # 98b351  repost now! you know   you would keep it going if it was someone you knew  seriously!!! i  hope  to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a child is in  danger!!"
"sons outgrow our laps, but never our hearts   ? put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awesome ? son(s) ? in the ? world!!!  i have 3 of the most amazing sons myself   <propmale> is 23, <propfirst> is 21 and <propmale> is 18!!!"
can any of my zoo friends send me a binturong or a white tiger please!!! i will return the favor!! thank you
"farmville appreciation day?  if you appreciate your farmville friends for all the help they give        let them know by posting this     i truly do appreciate  mine  so,thank you all very much"
"if your dad is your hero,  whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an  angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone  know you are proud of your dad  i ? my dad xoxoxoxoxox"
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!
"for my savior, jesus  christ,  a new facebook challenge    i am out to prove that my friends  will  repost, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a   statement! when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you and me    and i am so blessed by him everyday  if you are not ashamed of the   gospel of jesus christ,       copy and repost "
"i am a cook, a housekeeper,  a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid,  security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off, i  work through the day and some of the night, i am underpaid and  overworked now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if  you're a mom! proud to be a mom and grandma!"
hey zoo mates  please help me out   i need a binturong and a hedge hog   i have been at this level forever please have mercy on me    i will return the favor if i can   thank you
i have a binturong i just need 1 little bitty hedgehog please!!!!  thank you <propfemale> for the binturong!!!
hey zoo mates does anyone have a hedgehog they can give me? please please
"mber alert********stop  playing for a minute-copy and repost! 3 yr old boy taken by man in  rochester mi driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate #98b351 repost now!  seriously!!!!!!! i hope to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a  child is in danger"
well i think i will head to bed also  good night everyone!!!
let's see who is paying  attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result  of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but  also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays  attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching    to  see who real
"this is holy week    i am  out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!! let's  lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross,  he died for you and me!! happy easter everyone!!! okay i reposted it!  who's next"
does anyone who plays zoo world have a hedgehog they can give me? please please
i am asking all my friends to please send prayers for me to have strength and wisdom  my boyfriend moved out on me with no warning and left me with a huge financial mess  emotionally i am a mess because i actually love him and i have no idea how i am going to get through this  so please everyone send prayers my way  i know that is the only way i am going to make it  thanks
thank you for the prayers i have already received  i am asking all my friends to please send prayers for me to have strength and wisdom  my boyfriend moved out on me with no warning and left me with a huge financial mess  emotionally i am a mess because i actually love him and i have no idea how i am going to get through this  so please everyone send prayers my way  i know that is the only way i am going to make it  
i just want to send a big thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!! it was good   thank you    i also appreciate all the prayers that have been going out   my miracle is coming   i love my fb friends    
happy birthday <propfemale>!!! i hope it is an amazing day for you!!!1
"hey fv neighbors and friends, does anyone know how to rotate things with the moving hand? e playful ecially houses and animals"
"let's\ lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the \cross he was thinking of you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel\ of jesus christ,copy and repost"
so everyone i just had an interesting last few hours   i let my 3 daushunds outside and next thing i know they are all in the woods barking like crazy   i hell for them and they won't come home   so i follow the barks and get them to come to me and they have cornered a skunk and all 3 of them got sprayed  so i bring them into the house and one by one they all get a bath    now don't you wish you were me today?!!!
"there are many complaints that facebook has \becomeunacceptably slow the report shows that facebook has a number \ofnonactive members  they want us to re-post this message to see who\ areactive and who are not  if you don't post this message within 2 \weeks   "
"dear zoomates,  i am in need of a few animals   here is my list  \mammals: dasyure; prairie dog; black panther; white rhino; kudo and a <propfemale> blue bird    could you please check your inventory and see if you can help me out please!!!"
"hello fb friends and neighbors it looks like i need more neighbors on farmville, and i need zoo mates also   so please add me as a friend and a neighbor please!!!"
"what\ are you suppose to do when the devil keeps throwing obsticles in your \course? i pray, and pray,  and study, try to maintain and the live the \life that is given to me, i am going to keep believing and trusting \god   i love you lord jesus  i am going keep on trying to keep the \faith   "
"hello fv friends if you are sending me gifts please send nails, blankets, boards  i am trying to build another nursery    thank you"
tiger
"every single one of you is on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you as a friend, but also as family!!! lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention    copy and paste this in your status"
good evening or morning fv neighbors   my <propfemale> hive is full   i have no buildings left to build so try to send something else please   if you need building materials or bees just ask i am more than happy to send them   thank you i love my neighbors and zoo mates
hi zoo mates   could you please add my friend <propfemale> as your friend and zoo mate   she only has one zoo mate me  she is just starting and needs all the help she can get   http annoyed  www facebook com ?ref=home#! profile php?id=100000449226059&ref=ts   thank you
help   i am not showing any posts on my screen except news feed   how do i change it?
"i need a zoo mate to help me   i have only had 2 hours of sleep since yesterday morning and need to go to bed very very soon, but i have 4 babies being born in 1 hr 20 minutes can anyone make sure they get fed ? please"
"to\ all my zoo friends  smile  share this on your wall to make sure you did not \miss anyone if you know someone that helpsyou with zoo world and e playful ects\ nothing in return for the hard work that they do please share this and \say thank you for all that you do, with out you we would be really lost \in our gaming efforts ? ? thank you !!    "
"hello fb friends   i wanted to give an update on the games i am playing   i am only playing farmville and zoo world these days   my cafe friends if you send requests i send what your asking for, but am not accepting any gifts   fv friends   i am done with all buildings and upgrading my vehicles so i really need nothing   if you need something send me what you need and i will return it   have a great day!!!  smile "
hello zoo mates:  i have a request   does anyone have a blue-throated bee-eater they can <propfemale> me so i can unlock please  i will return it immediately   thank you in advance
"hello zoo mates   who knows the link to the breeding schecdule  i printed it off, but i would like to pass it on to another zoo mate   thank you in advance"
i still need help with my teacup pig but it won't post   please help
i only need one more person to go to my home <propfemale> and click on my teacup pig   thank you for the help   smile 
i have a teacup piggy that needs 5 more people to help her   you can find her him on my home <propfemale> if you wouldn't mind helping   ty  smile 
need 4 more zoo mates to help my teacup pig   please  smile 
zoo mates   i still need 6 people to help my teacup piggy   please find him on my home <propfemale>  smile 
my zoo mates   i need help with my tiger 6 more please!!! thank you
hey zoo mates  i only need 1 more person to help my tiger thank you!!!
still need help with my shark if anyone can still help  i really would appreciate it smile ?
"god our father, walk through my house and take away all my worries and illnesses and please watch over and heal my family in jesus name, amen  this prayer is so powerful  a blessing is coming to you in form of a new job, a house, marriage or financially  does god come first in your life? if so, stop what you're doing & set this to your status  watch what he does ?"
"please zoo mates   i still need 3 more helping hands today for my tiger mission, thank you to everyone that helped  smile "
need 1 more person to rescue my shark  please help smile ?
"today, 8:46 am - 10:28 am   everyone on facebook should be silent,no postings or chat, from the time the first plane hit until the last building fell  repost and pass it on?"
farmville neighbors i really could use bottles if you can send them i would be very appreciative   thank you always for your kindness  smile 
"farmville neighbors if you can send nails please do   need nail badly, thank you  smile "
fv neighbors   i need 3 bottles and 3 nails to finish up my nursery's   thank you smile 
fv neighbors i need 1 nail and 3 bottles to finish up   thanks everyone  smile 
fv neighbors i now only need 3 bottles to finish my nursery's thank you smile 
ok i am calling it a night my wonderful fb friends   i hope you all have a pleasant evening or day depending on your time zones   good night  smile 
"\i like it on the kitchen chair\"""""
i like it on the kitchen chair!!!
i like it anywhere in the kitchen!!!!!!!
"i believe in jesus christ  one of my facebook friends challenged \allbelievers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, \if you \",44a047b760653feb8b552dd4c laugh 7c2ac,"i like on the kitchen chair, or anywhere in the kitchen!!!!!"
do any of my farmville neighbors know when we are getting our baskets? i can't accept any of my gifts  sad 
"let's\ see howforthcoming my facebook friends are   and if they are paying \attention leave a one word comment that you think best describes me \using thethird letter of your first name  no repeats  it can be only one\ word then copy and paste this post on your wall so i \   can      leave   a   wordabout you  this should be    interesting"
"farmville friends i would like to make a suggestion   if you wait to use your fertilize all until you are ready to pick your crops, then your neighbors can send you fuel, or collectibles or whatever they receive by fertilizing your crops for you!!!"
"on\ your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for \2010-2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease\ nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure , but \acceptance and equal rights 93% won't copy and paste this  \will      you    take a stand and make it your status for at least one \hour ? see more"
need 1 more click on my undercover dog please!!!!!!!!!
"keep this going !! heavenly father, walk through my house and take away all of my worries and any illnesses; please watch over and protect my family and friends   in jesus name, amen  this prayer is so powerful  stop what you are doing and set this to your status  watch what he'll do"
"keep\ this going !! heavenly father, walk through my house and take away all \of my worries and any illnesses; please watch over and protect my family\ and friends   in jesus name, amen  this prayer is so powerful  stop \what you are doing and set this to your status  watch what he'll do"
farmville neighbors can a couple of you please send me some check buttons   thank you!  smile ?
life is good because my god is bigger than any storm i may have to weather   and i have been blessed with the most amazing friends   wish you all a wonderful thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!
"life is good because my\ god is bigger than any storm i may have to weather   and i have been \blessed with the most amazing friends and family   wish you all a happy, happy \thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!"
zoo mates can anyone tell me the link to the newest breeding chart? thanks
"my last day in wisconsin was suppose to finish packing and make the rounds to say goodbye to my amazing friends   but didn't happen woke up this morning feeling like i had been ran over by a truck  and really sick to the tummy\ anyhow went back to bed and slept all day  anyhow my dear wisconsin friends i love you bunches and please keep in touch   hello illinois friends   i will be back tomorrow  mwah everyone!!!"
well i am officially in illinois now  made it safely to the flatlands
<propfemale> christmas to everyone and i hope god blesses you all!!!!!!!!!!!
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebook user has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  i proudly did "
is any one besides me having trouble getting on farmville
