9199ce518044e9a50b911cc2bdec97fc
had a blast at the blue october concert! love them so much
i have the song 'mad world' stuck in my head  
i feel so   left out of the human race   
is it dumb that i would rather read all my text books than go to work right now?
got off work about two and a half hours ago and has to be back at work in eight hours!!! blah!!!!!!!! at least more money!
yay i'm done with work! now i'm working on my complextion ;p
feel like shit! dejavu! (suicidal tendencies)
i'm happy  partying with my goodest friend <propfemale>!  love 
thinking about sleep because there's nothing better to do   
watchin <propmale> zombie's halloween! fn freaky!
"blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  late night, come home  work sucks, i know "
comment my pictures darn it!!!!
well i'm done with classes for the day and i don't have to work! unfortunately this means i need to find some motivation to work on school projects  playful 
lol  i added new photos    so you can see the motivation to work on school stuff isn't working    
"i wrote a <propfemale> and a half summary for anthropology, and two half <propfemale>s for speech extra credit  so that equals two and a half <propfemale>s of homework  yay me! so um   comment my photos cause i'm a good girl??"
hanging out with my dad tomorrow  it was his birthday on friday the 13th!
"the facebook trick- press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click, then press up, then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>  it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!"
oh don't you just hate seeing people that you once knew 
just finished my four <propfemale> research paper on <propmale> dali! a <propmale> feat!
"hey, i know some of you don't play farmville any longer, but could you just add me so i can get that stupid ribbon??? will not bother you any longer   "
blah  work 
done with speech outline  just one more project and two finals to go and i'll be done with this semester 
"no school! i'm done! 100 on my <propmale> journal, 96 on my research paper     i think i'm getting all a's this semester! and no work for the next two days!!!! life is great!"
wow  did work suck today   playful 
"feeling sick  sore throat and cough  unfortunately i must work tonight, and it's kid's night  blah "
"working out makes me feel a little better, at least i'll be excited for summer and swimming"
watching tv  what an exciting friday night  
thanks grandpa for the birthday gift! i love you!!
um  i hate the new facebook <propfemale> 
i've been prayin waves  i been prayin for tidal waves  i wanna see the ground your way  i wanna watch it going running down  tool- anema
didnt send pink elephant thingy  someone hacked my facebook  sorry everyone 
work at one  yay 
doesn't feel like sleeping    ever 
what have i become   my sweetest friend  you can have it all my empire of dirt  i will let you down  i will you make you hurt 
"so glad tomorrow's friday! have the day off, the only thing that would make it more awesome is if it was pay day  "
i've seen better days    and weeks and months   
oh darn the czechs lost the hockey game  sad 
": annoyed igh:: sometimes it annoys me when i have a strong opinion, but i don't know how to put my arguments in the right words    i thought my logic class would help, but so far not yet "
no class or work tomorrow and this time it's pay day  so hopefully this friday will be the best day i've had all month    or maybe even so far this year    i'm crossing my fingers  annoyed 
today i am dirty and i want to be pretty  tomorrow i know that i'm just dirt - <propfemale> manson
dirt 
well i was wondering    is it bad that:whenever i stand up i feel like i'm going to pass out? everything goes dark and i start feeling really dizzy  
went shopping today  yay!
errrrrrrrrrr! facebook is running slow for me     how about all of you??? i can't seem to load any games   
okay  i'm tired of this  you use words that don't even exist to make your point that is invailid! i am not a whore 
how is everyone? i'm glad the weather is warming up and the sun is shining  i think i like this time of year best 
"at least my pants are baggy again  what wonders exercise can do  unfortunately i didn't have the <propmale> to work out tonight, i feel like i've spent 48 hours working on a research paper about the origins of the internet         yes    two days of no life just work and this silly paper "
"well, time to go work out and then i need to study for my logic final tomorow     and work  sad "
"i dont wanna go dont make me go to work! i hate sunday nights    wayyy boring  besides i have better things to do   (logic, poetry, mass media finals monday tuesday wednesday)"
"i'm done i'm done! no more classes for about three whole weeks! exciting, huh? then i have three summer classes and i'll be done with my liberal arts degree!"
i had a really strange dream about the world ending last night this morning  its strange too because i haven't been watching or reading any end of the world themes   
i'm in arizona! the weather has been incredibly beautiful!
i'm home now  sad  and how dull iowa is!
i can't believe how early i woke up today! this gives me plenty of time to run errands before work    and maybe do some cleaning??
just got done working out!! the lady who was exercising next to me gave me a compliment on how hard i was working out  smile  i was doing about 200 (or more) strides per minute for a whole hour!
ohh boy it's thursday  that means a hetic work day 
alright only  a few things to get done and i'll be driving down to missouri 
drove back from missouri and shaved some minutes off by speeding ;-p now i'm feeling tired and dizzy   
having four days off in a row makes me lazy
is feeling weird   
just had a good workout now i need some good sleep so i can get my butt up and to school in the morning 
so    my teachers are interesting    all dudes this summer 
wants to go swimming since its so nice outside!
work was too long    workout time    then what?
"thanks a lot to whoever vandalized my car  real mature  no wonder i hardly open up to people, for the most part they're just assholes "
i refuse to value the opinion of an idiot who can't even spell a five letter word right 
i'm feeling aggravated today    there are too many idiots out on the road this memorial day   
is bored! please someone entertain me   
ugh! i hate when my day is over at one! another wasted day at hy-vee    playful 
i had to take a catering to camp dodge today   
oooo my class   
done with class! test tuesday  
needs to find the ambition to go workout   
and    i did! guess there was nothing better to do!
"if ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy?"
well behaved women seldom make history 
"agnostics for peace  i don't know, and you don't know either "
i miss having an entire day off so i could enjoy this beautiful weather    my summer is wasted 
has to be to work in less than a half hour    blah 
it's eleven eleven! make a wish!
"so yeah, exciting day at work today and it'll be an exciting day at school tomorrow  how is everyone???"
ugh  sociology test tomorrow    
sooo    i just got my first stitches ever today    whoopie  not 
"ready, set, g     no no no no wait!"
bunch of old songs for early 2000's are running through my head today 
work work work school work work study test schcool work     ugh when does it end? i want to enjoy summer!
"i don't want to sleep  and even if i did lay down and shut my eyes, sleep wouldn't come for another two hours or so  ooo insomnia, i thought i cured you "
wow  lack of sleep does me no good   
"well    it was <propfemale> when i woke up, but now i hear thunder "
i woke up to tornado sirens today!
"i'm tired of anxiety attacks, but i'm feeling better now "
what a night    i hate the new salad case    it's pretty but tedious 
ahh i feel refreshed
"ugh! paper due tomorrow and i haven't started yet    and i work at 2     hopefully it won't be too hard, its just another stupid paper about myself "
"another test, another paper  another exhausting day at work  where's my break?"
i hate the sound of voices echoing in the hallways 
what a nice walk home  smile 
"watched the shrink with <propfirst> spacey in it  good movie, you should watch it "
i'm going to watch one flew over the cuckoo's nest and go to sleep
oh a weakness for the boondock saints   first movie
erm    so any ideas of what to do with free time???
cleaning out grandma's fridge today    the oldest thing found so far is from 2006    let's see if we can beat that!  wink 
well   i get my hair done tomorrow    
"i am vertical\but i would rather be horizontal\i am not a tree with my root in the soil\sucking up minterals and motherly love\so that each march i may gleam into leaf    \-<propfemale> plath"
well today has been annoying but at least i have internet back 
i had forgotten how wonderful working out felt  i guess this means i will do it more often  smile 
i have to work in an hour!!!! and i just woke up an hour ago  lack of sleep was killing me working all those morning shifts  where is my money! next pay check is going to be a gooood one  wink 
"and now i am boycotting chicken  baked chicken, fried chicken, chicken strips, chicken noodles, chicken salad, chicken burritos, rotisseri chicken, chicken gravy     why must we have so much chicken in the hyvee kitchen????"
i'm happy because i accomplished so much today! i even fit in a workout before going to work  smile  hopefully kid's night won't be so terrible tomorrow 
here is a new status update  have not updated for a week  annoyed  guess there isn't much to say 
ugh  kid's night and then a morning shift 
workout? accomplished  work? accomplished  cleaning? half way there   smile  oh ambition has struck me again 
ugh  lemons  i just can't make lemonade anymore  i give up 
why did i wake up? there is nothing on here 
cool  i made the <propfirst>'s list for summer 2010!
i love fall
music  fill my mind and make the notes my thoughts 
"i'm becoming less defined as days go by, fading away, well you might say i'm losing focus  kind of drifting into the abstract, in terms of how i see myself "
oh  what to wear for the halloween party?
"off to work soon, so glad i get to miss trick or treat"
"well thanks to the very nice lady customer at hy-vee that noticed my necklace, it made my day  wink "
interesting night at work    some things about some people should just never be thought upon    (alli!)
"uhh eight thirty  what shall we do today <propfemale>? drive around some more? if only i had money, i would find something interesting for us to do  (i need a new comfy sweatshirt too, but at least i have a winter coat now  smile "
"yesterday i over heard a mother talking to her daughter in support of having a physical confrontation with another girl at her school    i do not know what the circumstances are, but it just doesn't seem right to me  what do you think?"
awww    kid cudi  good times  smile 
"i have an awesome schedule next week: wednesday, thursday and friday off!!! i didn't even ask for it  now what to do    "
ugh  work  at least the house is clean 
and when i get off work i like to go to a place in my mind where hy-vee does not exist 
"just got done sleeping 24 hours out of 30    not sure if that was the flu or not, but my stomach still doesn't feel right "
work was terrible tonight  i really don't want to see another tenderloin ever again 
argh!
"i love watching \the wall\"""""
"can people tell time? apparently not  my appointment was scheduled at 12:50, not 1 smile 0  i would rather not waste more than forty minutes of my time, so i just left "
okay msi do your thing  flush this christmas music out of my head!!!!!!!!
hoping for system to put me in a good mood   
"well well, what to do tonight  "
the weather is terrible  all i want to do is stay inside this cozy house!
redyed  more red  i just can't get it the exact way i want it!
"the snow, from a year ago, is different from the snow now "
i feel blah 
today is going to be a good day  today is going to be a good day  please let today be a good day!
well it was a good day  smile  hoping for another good day off tomorrow!
i can't wait for some days off  let's go kids night 
everyday is exactly the same  there is no love here and there is no pain  nin
come on kids' night  please don't suck too badly 
face first falls and nervous breakdowns
i got to play some pool today so that was fun
"hmmm  blind melon, no rain is on my mind   laugh "
"what a late night, but i enjoyed watching kick-ass with <propfemale>  wasn't exactly e playful ecting it to be that gruesome of a movie "
"you almost always pick the best times\to drop the worst lines\you almost made me cry again this time\another false alarm\red flashing lights\well this time i'm not going to watch myself die\i think i made it a game to play your game\and let myself cry\i buried myself alive on the inside\so i could shut you out\and let you go away for a long time"
\you and i, we may look the same\9199ce518044e9a50b911cc2bdec97fc,"you say i am narcissistic and cold hearted, well yeah maybe\but i don't give a damn about you this much is true\my vision is blurry and my thoughts are hazy baby\i know i'm stupid so i must be smarter than you"
"clever got me this far \then tricky got me in \eye on what i'm after\i don't need another friend \smile and drop the cliche \'till you think i'm listening \i take just what i came for \then i'm out the door again"
two days off in a row    what am i going to do!!!
man its good to find an extra hundred dollars you didn't know you had 
"meh  i thought i would be happier today  my work schedule was to be only 18 hours, but after picking up some huge caterings, my hours doubled  36 hours this week, 9 days of working in a row, i'm already exhausted with four down "
okay  maybe more than 36 hours this week if we keep getting out after 9 smile 0  i am not content with my job 
just finished working out and i feel great!!!
too bad the theory of evolution has not worked on some people
"thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  i had a good day  except now i'm feeling a bit ill, so i'm glad it held off  and no, it is not a hangover type of ill, it's a sore throat, stuffed nose, stuffed head type of ill "
are there any doctor moms out there?? i can't get rid of whatever this sore throat and nose thing is    i don't wanna go to the doctor because it costs too much money  sad 
i am bored bored bored 
"and everything i never liked about you is kind of seeping into me \i try to laugh about it now but isn't it funny how everything works out \\i enjoy a lil nin with my workout "
errrrrr my brain is going bonkers  i wish i could sleep normally  and wake up refreshed when i do get enough sleep 
this world is pathetic  freedom protected for the crazies  it makes me sick 
hmmm the zen of tool 
"difficult not to feel a little bit disappointed \and passed over"
corn beef and cabbage? no thank you      (puke)
mmm fish    from 11 to 7 
blahh    i am not a morning person  so lets go deal with some idiots   
meh  life is dull 
seventeen minutes until work  i suppose i should get in work attire? blah 
"maybe that is why i sleep so often, my dreams are amazing compared to my real life "
hm  well the space i live in has been cleaned  now i don't feel like doing anything 
