e122d25f57f47a511cbee15a99abd247
loves basketball 
watchn the cowboys vs  eagles!cowboys got this nfc east locked up 
watchin cowboys vs  eagles cowboys got this nfc east locked up!
is about to watch game 5 of the nba finals:magic@lakers  
is needs sumtin to do tomorrow 
pitched and hit good tonight and got real dirty lol  some pple shouldn't talk crap b4 a game if they can't back it up haha jk  praying for the webber family r i p <propfemale> webber
is getting ready for the game!
"girl you know i-i-i,girl you know i-i-i "
is everybody know the razorbacks gone come back!lol
has pitching prac tomorrow for all-stars 
is home from prac  wonderin what ima do today
got baseball practice tomorrow 
is watchin the lsu vs  texas game  got baseball prac tomorrow 
is like <propmale> jones for lsu is pretty good!
lsu tigers = 2009 ncaa cws champions!
is wonderin what we gone do at prac  today 
is r i p <propfirst> jackson! sad 
is at my cuzins house playin da 360 
second place is just the first loser 
is r i p <propfirst> mays 
second place is just the first loser 
"\anything's possible\""-kevin <propfemale>"""
doesn't know how to add pics from a phone  sumbody inbox me!lol
is r i p <propmale> mcnair 
just got done havin a war w fireworks!not even tired :it must still be that adrenaline pumpin  i have nothin to do now but be bored 
thinks life is like a box of terrible anaolgies 
says remember: some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue 
"just got back from benton  beat <propmale> 9-3!  i pitched 3 innings,gave up one run  2-3 with a homerun (got walked twice) next game tonight at 7 "
"just got back from benton  beat <propmale> 10-3!  i pitched 3 innings,gave up one run  2-3 with a homerun (got walked twice) next game tonight at 7 "
is leavin for the game  good luck to the 15 yr olds  3-0 in state let's keep it goin 14's 
can't wait for the game tomorrow  one more win and we in the finals!
"my car so new but my money so old,my grill iced out so my barbeque is cold "
is gettin ready for the game  
is state championship game tonight against <propmale> or lrjd in <propmale>!
is watchin' cops lol
is watchin' the kansas city royals @ texas rangers 
is like does anybody remember when t o  had that fake suicide?
"just got back from football practice,now i got baseball practice at 1 "
is bout' to go to practice 
lrjd tomorrow at noon and then idk 
is watchin shooter on tnt  ready for lrjd tomorrow 
is chattin with big l lol  ready for the game tomorrow 
is getting ready for the game and my birthday is tomorrow 
is ready for the game tomorrow @ <propmale> against fort smith today is my birthday 
is about to get off here still kinda tired from football practice 
tell her to make an appointment with mr  i can't make an appointment 
is wonderin why these people gotta b so difficult 
what's up brah?
is like damn tiger how u let <propfemale> win 
"usain bolt,9 58 100m"
"3,2,1 blast off you bastards,spaceship doors my garage is nasa "
wants to go to school tomorrow!
is ready to catch a 50 yd td pass lol
"oh it's like that?,yea it's like that "
is watchin' monday night football!
really needs a new prof pic haha
how 'bout dem hogs lol
doesn't understand 
needs to work my catching 
is ready for chapel tommorrow 
wonders why people poke me on here haha
<propfirst> cowboys   34-21  1-0
"way to blow the game bills  patriots suck,just got lucky "
-requiem for a dream 
is listenin to music
is ready for the game tomorrow!it's bear season 
is watchin sunday night football!colts @ cardinals!
is watchin sunday night football!go cardinals!
is glad we won last night 
steelers are dominating!
13-0 arkansas!im feelin a upset!
20-0 arkansas!arkansas got this 
watchin the cowboys vs  falcons! <propfemale> know the cowboys got this 
is talking to someone very special
if the cowboys win they'll be in first place 
messed up bad  
is stupid 
he** yeah indianapolis gettin smoked!
new england got this 
camden fairview next  
<propmale> mccluster went beast
is going to phoenix tomorrow  
lets go arkansas!
tejada sucks along w lsu 
is wondering why tarzan doesn't have a beard  
lil <propmale> look f***ed up now lmao
is watchin the <propmale> game 
"nebraska-12,texas-10   finish them nebraska!"
look like the redskins about to get the saints 
is watchin the cowboys vs  giants  cowboys 'bout to be 9-3!
-<propfirst> ingram 
 sad 
how 'bout them cowboys??
"is thinkin about that beautiful girl!(hint    g?\{)&m   )"""
can't wait 'til christmas!
it needs to stop raining
watchin clemson about to upset nc
is ready for that game tomorrow boyyy!
thy will not mine be done 
vikings+jets=superbowl    jets=superbowl champions  haha
"wow,the vikings got cheated "
life is good right now 
is at home still sick
can't play tomorrow 
is ready to watch them colts run through the saints!
colts got this 
all the way turned up!
is stupid
another ice day  i can't believe smile 
"hand down,man down "
wonderin how many people goin to daybreak tomorrow 
i'm so fast before i leave i been gone 
usa is goin beast mode in hockey 
got my phone back hmu
 
is ready for that game tomorrow 
"pct 56%---rank 2,081,687---ppr 1830 so far in my bracket "
georgetown and vanderbilt butt f'd up my bracket man 
mississippi state 
my bracket pretty much sucks now 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is back 
j r  smith be lookin high on the court 
<propmale> cook --[[[------]]]-- 
butler about to get the upset!
butler! 63-59 
can't stand people who make plans and cancel at the last minute absolutely cannot unless there's a plausible reason 
all poodles are dogs but not all dogs are poodles 
does anybody else think butler's gonna win besides me?
 
im callin it  stanford 60-54 over uconn!
 
why black folks so loud?lol
<propmale> cook ugly hahahaha 
about to get somethin to drink im thirsty as a mug 
 
tiger woods is still good as hell 
this week goin by too slow 
"and we dont want no problems,okay you're a goon but whats a goon to a goblem"
"and we dont want no problems,okay you're a goon but whats a goon to a goblin "
sittin in study hall 
needs somethin to do!
you know its been a long game when the position players have to come in and pitch  ^18th inning cardinals vs mets!
 
might be gettin my hair braided 
got my hair braided 
where the party at?
is praying for her and her family!
"hey pal,where'd you get that sandwich?"
apparantly there's an invisible tornado somewhere 
 
"cowboys got dez bryant,we goin to da superbowl fa sho now lol"
at dollar general buyin my cereal for tomorrow cereal squad!
in study hall waitin for lunch to be here! cereal squad!!
cant wait for this summer and football 
is watchin the celtics@cavaliers!
<propmale> james>black mamba!
cavs makin a comeback!
why do refs get so dramatic when they call offensive fouls??lol
omg i cant believe this!
"ima beast,you a pet,ak long neck,keith sweat "
doesnt know about this anymore!
hmm
feels bad for what i did 
come on lebron
 
can't stop thinking about her! sorry for what i did! man i wish i had a time machine 
 
 
dang my knee hurt but atleast phoenix tied the series up and we won tonight (wt) cant wait for this weekend with <propfemale> 
is sittin in study hall 
"hand down,man down "
bout to watch the blindside 
 
is ready to watch the celtics to get this win 
is goin to get my hair braided 
on the way to fayetteville 
 
dang people really gettin mad cuz the lakers bout to lose lol
its funny how some people are only laker fans at the end of the year during the playoffs 
i wish i could be a fake lakers fan lol
somebody come shake my head 
"red sox vs  yankees,celtics vs  lakers,white hall vs  <propmale>   "
<propfirst> <propmale> jr  is a beast 
goal!
south carolina>ucla 
south <propfemale>!
good job guys 
l2ms 
"lebron,d-wade,bosh=nba championship "
6 o'clock!
once again its us and <propmale> 
 
cant wait 4 season 2 of jersey shore 
cant wait to go to louisiana 
regional champs! world series bound!!
watchin some football 
this weekend goin by so slow 
"lifes a beach,im just playing in the sand "
jersey shore is the shitt  
ready for them cowboys to whoop up on them redskins tomorrow!
gs 
how did we meet? copy this on your status and see who remembers 
"no matter what you do,somebodies gonna think it was a bad decision "
tired of the same ol stuff frm ppl
"gone get yo camera phone out,its a photoshoot"
is out there 
wow!
whose gonna be the new #1 in college football?
on my way to obu 
wow   ohio state sucks 
rangers vs  giants in world series 
playoffs!
hmm  lsu finally played somebody and they lost 
big game this week against chapel 
text me
everything i ate tasted good today
arkansas 'bout to blow these boys out 
<propfirst> owens is a beast idc what anybody says 
"when some people spell words wrong,i wonder if they actually try to sound it out because some people just be way off lol"
stupid ion quiz 
 
i'm sorry 
the sec always has the best football games every week 
the nfl is so violent 
 
can't wait 'til our first game 
man aint this some bs 
football field at 2 if you wanna play 
had a good day 
happy thanksgiving everybody!!
old people in my family crack me up forreal lol
"<propfirst> williams,you suck"
"24-0,come on auburn "
football at the field if you wanna play
<propmale> for heisman!auburn for the bcs title game 
touchdown arkansas!
razorbacks > tigers 
"<propfirst> jefferson,you are not cam <propmale> "
 
what's wrong with people these days?
its all about how you finish a ball game that counts 
"heat @ cavs,lebron returns lol"
"and you know what they say when you great,its not murder its assassinate "
good job lady bulldogs on the championship! i'm ready for dec 14
i guess ill play the <propfirst> game since im boredd  inbox me <propfirst> people!
12--you a beast at basketball and you cool to talk to 
1--i don't really know you but you seem nice  lol
"111111111111---you gone be our kicker next year,you good at baseball,and when yall gone take that picture dude??lol"
8--you have a bright future ahead of you 
"420--i haven't talked to you in forever,where you been?lol"
"34--you need to stay awake in coach <propfirst> class lol but you the best dancer i've ever seen,no homo"
"21196--you're one of my best friends,best friends,you're funny and you always smell good"
10--you have a good personality and you have a look-alike ahah
25--you don't talk to me anymore at church lol and you use to date one of my best friends
"13--well i dunked on you in practice yesterday,but you do have a better jumpshot than you know who,and we gettin crunked for the game this weekend and next tuesday"
323--you my homeboy's girlfriend and you have some pretty nice friends lmao and you're a good girl who's always innocent
"69--umm you're sexy,i think you have a good personality even though you always disagree with me but i like it because you're so cute and cuddly  smile ))"
987--uhmm you're cute and we had a math class in 9th grade haha
"16--you're my best friend,you always smell good,your locker is right beside mine,you don't like our 4th period teacher very much,your birthday is on october 12th,you play softball,your hair always looks nice!"
"5--you'll probably start at corner next year,you gonna be playin on the varsity team in basketball with me by the end of the season,and you got hops "
841--i love and miss you!!! you need to get your phone back!! smile  smile 
more <propfirst>!!
"1--i like yo dreads(no homo lol),you about to go d1 in football,i always get a good laugh whenever you roastin somebody,i look up to you bruhh"
"321--you a baller,you got handles,you always come fresh to school"
"354--you're a beast in baseball,you still think you can shoot a 3 on me,you fast for a white boy lol,and you and your gf are cute together"
is ready for december 14th and christmas break!
inbox me <propfirst> people!
"003--your nickname is radiation,we played on the same babe <propfemale> team this year,and you were my favorite 14 yr old lol"
"004--i see you at church almost every wednesday,ronnie is one of your bestfriends,you go to lame watson chapel lol,and you're cute"
"88--we been cool since seabrook when we were little,both of our all <propfemale> teams went to the world series this year,and you got a big head lol"
"88--you were my favorite senior last year,you played softball,you and <propfemale> were best friends,and what you call me is my favorite nickname lol"
5--you're not the smartest kid on the block lol but you're my third favorite person from <propfemale> lol and you and my friend are dating i think haha
"14--you were my favorite senior last year,you played softball,you and <propfemale> were best friends,and what you call me is my favorite nickname lol"
"ù17--you're one of my favorite people even though you always bully me for no reason lol,you're funny,smart,you stay on your phone constantly at school,you"
"ù're the tallest girl i know lol jk,and you're very mature"
"û0--you and your brother used to live down the street from me,you're like a sister to me,you have really pretty friends,you're gonna be a cheerleader for"
"ûthe <propfirst> cowboys one day lol,i miss your whole family including you the most,and i might see you soon"
"35--you always mean mug me in the hallways lol,you always bully me,you're short,and you're always smiling"
"26--you're a beast at softball,you say hey to me almost everyday,you're always posted up across from me in the hallway,and you're cute"
"þ22222222--you're a beast at basketball,softball,and volleyball,you're funny,you have to deal with some crazy moms lol,you're fun to talk to wink ,im sad we d"
"þon't have a class together this year,you tell the best jokes and have the best pick up lines,and you're beautiful!"
"1--you're fun to talk to,you're pretty,you live a million <propmale> away,you always have a different profile pic when i talk to you,and you always say my pick up lines are lame lol"
<propfirst> people!
"3--i see you everyday in the halls,and you're always smiling"
01023--you never talk to me lol and you're cute
"403--you're my favorite person from chapel lol,ive only seen you once,and you get crazy on the weekends!"
000026--your nickname is redfield and you're always bullying me lol
"51--you're pretty strong,pretty good at football,and you a cool dude"
"87--you a cool dude,i miss last year's football season,and you were my favorite fat boy even above <propfirst> lol"
"007--you were my favorite rookie,you always have something positive to say,and youre cool lol"
44--we're friends
"o541--you're beautiful,really flexible wink ,you never talk to me when you're in a bad mood,we've had our share of good and bad times but we're still close,an"
od you're going far in life
"9999--you my brutha lol,you owe me $20 cuz i had more packs than you this year,you always laughin in the hallways and we been cool since moody"
<propfirst> <propmale> is the best receiver in the nfl right now in my opinion 
    because i didn't point at <propfemale> after i dunked i'm letting everyone know they were for her  smile  and <propfemale> is the best bestfriend anyone could ask for!!  laugh 
had a pretty good day 
anybody have any gum i can have
needs somethin to do after school 
 
i wish i could rewind time to about a year ago 
got the win 50-43 
i've made a lot of mistakes in my life but this is probably the one i regret the most 
wow   
where all the saints fans at??
who wants to come play in the snow with me?
i've been looking at some of these snowmen on facebook and just about all of them would put mine to shame 
had a good time at church  wow its cold outside!
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and summer were here  next time log off fag smile  hahahahah"
 
i have a question:why do girls like vampires so much?
chapel's referees cheated me out the game 
 
is leaving friday morning 
is too sore 
why are we in school today?
no school tomorrow!
the difference between a successful person and others is not the lack of strength or knowledge but the lack of will 
wow!
grammy awards!
<propfemale> minaj=black lady gaga 
    
sorry everybody
"ed,edd'n,eddy "
why is everybody mad at me?
st john's is beast mode!
can't a guy have girls as friends without people thinking they're talking?
just picked up that 2nd offer from louisville 
is excited about tomorrow!
"got to spend time with the best college football coaches in the country today,had a pretty good time "
<propfemale> stackhouse is the best best friend anyone could ever have!! smile 
congratulations to ualr's men and women basketball teams!
follow me on twitter: @j_sprinkle19
is wondering what all he's doing this weekend 
"if you still have a perfect bracket,either you're lucky or you need to get a life "
"don't tell me i can't have it all,unless you plan to stop me "
had a great day! i'm loving spring break so far  can't wait for tomorrow 
is bored so i guess i'll play the number game   send me <propfirst>??
"23- you're pretty good at basketball,laid back cool dude,and we're in the same life group "
"75- beast at football,even though you don't play real basketball you still have a good shot lol,i wish you good luck in college,and we need yalls class back for football lol"
"22- we used to be spanish partners lol, you always have girl scout cookies or some kind of candy,and you're always talking about something "
"10- haven't really talked to you in a while,you're pretty cool though"
"13- really cute,i really don't know you but you seem like a pretty cool person"
"21-well well well,i'm shocked to get a number from you,i don't think i've ever had a conversation with you but i know that you don't get jokes very well lol, you're really pretty though"
"26- you're pretty cool,never really got to know you yet,good looking"
"1994- really cute,fun to <propfemale> with,nice personality,just an all around fun girl"
"7- my ninja,we played on the same little league team when i was 12,good basketball player,hilarious dude,cool as ice"
8507- pretty cool dude  hope all is well 
"21- did you fall from heaven? smile ,you need to hmu sometime,you seem like a pretty cool girl,i can tell you have a great personality,really pretty!"
"22- pretty good at basketball even though you got a big head lol,probably <propmale> <propmale>'s biggest fan,cool dude,funny as crap"
16-pretty cool girl 
"16- i'm on the phone with you right now,you're beautiful,fun to talk to and fun to be around,i always make you smile,you're my best friend and i have you in check wink "
