02b525787f2a0f48b9d9e0156e61cba4
i'm not getting up till sunday  zzzzzzz
"hi, i got bord so i though let's try facebook  what's up?"
going to unoh friday to check out the campus 
i want a pontiac firefly  smile 
bing!
just got back from visiting the <propmale> institute of pittsburg and pittsburg technical institute 
"it's true! after prolonging graduation for 3 years so i could go to the joint vocational school, i've decided to graduate and move on to college  haven't decided what college, but i'm going  the acjvs senior ceremony is tonight at 6 smile 0 at lakeside high school  smile "
going to visit lakeland community college friday  smile 
did not like lakeland community college much 
two hours into the day and it allready sucks!
i am under attack in world war game and seem to always fail in defending myself! please help me by joining as my <propfemale> even if you don't really care about the game  more <propfemale>s will increase my attack and defence ability even if you don't play 
"\some say that the stig is so fast he can out run a fence around a baseball field \"""""
"hay, i just saw a commercial on tv for toy story 3  out june 18th "
going to set a time to go look at the <propmale> <propmale> institute
is planning on visiting the <propmale> institute of <propmale> friday!
liked the <propmale> institute of <propmale>!
anyone else watching the address the nation?
" sad  the <propmale> institute of <propmale> does not teach mechanical design, just exterior concept"
what am i gonna do  what am i gonna do  annoyed 
the voltage is hear!
sssleeeeepp
i love multitasking
so we took stuff to my parents house and a roll of monolium that <propmale> out the back  dad pulls into the garage with the back hatch open  the wiper hit the top of the doorway and was pulled back  boom! bye bye window!!! > sad 
"my top ten cars\1  lamborgini reventon\2  lamborgini murcielago\3  roadmaster (semi truck)\4  chevy volt\5  pontiac g8 (sport truck)\6  dodge challenger\7  mitsubishi eclipse 1999\8  mitsubishi eclipse 2006\9  pontiac solstice coupe\10  pontiac bonneville 2000"
big head! big head!
rest in peace pontiac  sad 
"aaaawww, what to do with my life?"
you know your computer sucks when you start having problems playing facebook games do to insufficient memory 
"ooww thunder, rummble rumble"
hhmmmmm!!
"\i don't know what i don't know  that's why i don't know it \"""""
\i am not backwards!!!\,02b525787f2a0f48b9d9e0156e61cba4,"geeerrrrrrrrr!!! my car wouldn't start! no electrical power what so ever  but it was fun to drive dads saturn to scouts  weee, <propmale> transmission and an extra 50 horsepower "
my computer froze cause it couldn't handle a small e playful ansion in farmville  i'm so getting a new computer 
my car needs a new battery
finally got a new battery for my car today  i put it in and cleaned the car inside and out  all ready for tomarrow! yaaaa
my internet keeps going on in off like made windstream is working on there end 
someone talk to me!
"i just found out that the ford fiestas 40mpg is on premium fuel like the fortwo  what's the point in getting better mpg if you pay more for the gas  the chevy cruze is said to get 40 mpg on regular but will cost $5,000 more in msrp than the fiesta  the cruze is bigger so it makes up for the higher cost  playful "
"oh my god! i miss my old car so much i can't sleep  it physically herts  i actually have thoughts of trying to find it and buy it back, even if it is in pieces  what's wrong with me  surprise "
is anyone interested or know someone interested about the chevy volt? i know alot about it so ask me questions!
k
"is feeling lonly, depressed and angree "
i'm really starting to like corvettes  smile 
drove the geo for half hour  smile 
watched transformers  now watching transformers 2  laugh 
i just saw the halo reach commercial on tv  swweeeet
"my lakeland schedule aug 28- dec 17\business m 8 surprise 0-10:40 madison\computers mw 5-6:55 c building\algebra tr 2-3:15 a building\english tr 3 smile 0-4:45 a building"
yaaaaaaa  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   laugh  i got a job!!!! starting monday 
my first day of work went well 
ya! finished my first week of work  worked a strait 7 1 2 hours today! i was real close to finishing my part of the project 
wwaaaazzuuuuuuup!
work didn't go so good today  sad  the boss isn't happy with my work  i think i need to be more independant and think things through  i'm worried   
"eerrrr! the boss thinks that he needs someone with more e playful erience  i disagree! now that i have had time to think about it what happened today  the people how made the part i was drawing had rounded a number to meet fraction standards  long story short, we had most of the same problems  i had a hard time reading the stupid thing so it took me longer  that was his other complaint which i told him to begin with  errrr!"
i think the boss might keep me for a while more at least  i'm working hard to keep the job 
wow  i talked to <propfemale> for 3 hours  gwizz  big brother is home for the weekend  <propfemale>'s party saturday  and <propmale>'s eagle court of honor sunday after the usual 3 hours of church  i not use to this 
?
omg i feel like crap   sad 
is making pizza! yumyum
"nice off them to run the highways detour down my street  well, they got'a put it somewhere  i just hope they're planning to fix my road next "
"school, break, work, school  i might loose my mind, but who's to say i haven't already "
silence   
"going to <propfemale>'s and <propmale>'s for afternoon picnic tomarrow  hot dogs and hamburgers! looking forward to that 30,000 mile <propfirst> "
loves cotton <propfemale>!
"better look out gm, new car company coming up!"
just saw a geo metro on tv in cops
is thinking on buying halo reach 
"stupid highway traffic jam! they closed the on ramp so i was diverted north  all i knew was home was to the east, away from the sun  a 40min trip turned into 2 hours   2 hours! no radio or person to talk to  i got to see alot of unknown though smile "
my car has a new paint job  bug!
who would win in a fight yoda or master cheif?
fantastic weather today!!
60minute class 90minutes driving  hmmm
engineering may be what i do  but an artist is what i am 
poke forever!
"just got a new forza 3, halo3 odst, and halo reach  smile  $101"
113 degrees in la  new record 
<propmale> <propmale>o baad ad duba
my memory sucks 
"a sad sad thing just happened    huu, i ran out of orange juice  sad "
epic fail or an epic win to defeat myself     surprise      fail   
does anyone else really hate pickup trucks and suvs 
i spent all day avoiding my xbox because i had homework to do  instead i watched tv and movies waiting for my brain to get in the thinking mood  never happened  my brain is gone  i can't do anything right anymore  life is sucking  but i'm still holding on to my dream 
lol time to get on that homework    could be a long day tomarrow   hmmm
sooo    what do think?
lol my exhaust pipe broke off the muffler  now my ears hert 
my chat bar vanished along with the list of people online  hm
soooo yaaa 
"just saw a metro convertable on seinfeld and now knows a yottabyte is 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 bytes"
"i really want your help on this friends  tell me what you think  what makes an <propfemale>n car <propfemale>n? is it that it is made by an <propfemale>n car manufacturer? is it that it is assebled in <propfemale>? is it that the parts are made by <propfemale>ns? or is it that the raw materials come from our soil  or is it even that it is designed by an <propfemale>n engineer  seriously, were do you draw the line?"
feels sad and depressed and dosn't know y  sad 
"a sad day in car town  i sold my 2010 camaro and 05 mustang because the 08 challenger was over priced and required level 150  it would be an incomplete collection for a long time, so i got a dodge viper to follow my vette and a ford gt after that  then i'm saving for lambo countach and a murcielago svt  i'd rather have the original murcielago "
is eating a hawiian pizza  canadian bacon and pineapple
"well, out a work for a while  solidworks stopped working  the boss said he will try to find me some other projects to do till the order for 2011 solidworks comes in "
just finished halo3 odst on normal for the first time 
wants more hawiian pizza!
had a crapy day
"just made his day all better by scoring 200,000 points in odst firefight  after 99 minutes i got a metal for over 100 kills without dieing and 650 kills with 14 deaths "
is depressed again 
"did not get called into work today  sad i'm not getting any money, but happy about a free day   annoyed "
started and finish halo reach today 
had i dream last night that i acually got my chevy metro back  it had no engine and the drivers side tire was gone and the rusted part of the frame was completly cut away  lol i miss my car  sad 
had a great idea for top gears amphibious challenge  one of them should have made it a fan boat like the ones they use for the everglades  laugh 
nothing to say  nothing to do   playful 
wha hoo! grunt birthday party!
"ow crap, after the loss of solidworks 2007 at work i haven't been abile to work  so the boss is looking at getting 2011 which is really e playful ensive  i called today and he said he thinks he would need a new computer to run it as well  looks like i'm out for a long time  that is unless i find a way to get it myself and then get paid per part at home it's a new idea that needs some thinking thru,but i think it could work "
"ya, solidworks is $4,000 for standard and $5,500 for professional which includes photoview  i don't have that much, and with no income i'm not getting there  the good news is that a computer to run it apears to be less than what i e playful ected "
"well, i was ready for greatness  i accually got my text book for computers and started reading  i was going to read two chapters today and one every day after  but three pages in i got this zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  i slept for an hour  then got right back to it and then stopped to check facebook  i hate reading!"
aawwww  good time to start on my homework 
"well, to save gas, i decided to go from lakelands <propfemale> campus directly to the main campus  i forgot the classes where six and a half hours apart  i did finish reading chapter one of coputer class and i feel i got nothing out of it really  bllaaa, to much time at school "
"good night all, zzzzzzzzz-_-"
just scored 140 splatters out of 800 kills in reach  500 kills with the wraith  haha 
missen my old metro  i <propfirst> it in my drawing on tuesday   sad 
why is a level 55 allowed to attack me when i'm a level 50 !!! f'n castle age people  and why if i put everything i get to defence do people still stomp on me  i guess i need to join a guild and get more friends   playful 
"i hate not making progress  no job, no money, no progress  sad "
"i just saw a plow truck dumping salt down the road, i guess there e playful ecting snow  hail is coming down right now "
watch'n transformers 
who likes pontiacs? i do!
lol class starts in 5 minutes 
"i just scored big with my new lambo in car town  over 7,000 points!"
i had a live chat with an agent from chevy about the chevy volt and she said that the volt will run off electricity from the battery even if driving at highway speeds  but a teacher in unoh alternative fuels department who aided in its development beleved it gas generator when energy consumption would reach that level   the agent also said it would be offered in all 50 states by 2012 
just spent 2 and 1 2 hours rakeing leafs and is only half done 
had another dream about his old metro    it's still alive somewhere i know it! lol
"lol \i'm gona bust   your   face out\""  watching transformers 2"""
"aaahhhh, sucks  sad "
"well, when we took the geo to monro's for some repairs, they broke off a stub( the threading that the tire's attached to)and didn't replace it  took it back in today and they put a new stub on, but no nut  and now it's making a grinding noise  f u monro's  i'll see what dad saids "
"pictures from the la autoshow  ya volt!\http annoyed  www youtube com gmblogs?x=us_showcase_329"
poke and tickle 
off to school again 
"aw, what a crappy day  sad "
had dinner at <propfirst>'s with the family after replaceing ballbearings on the <propfirst>  it was fun  smile 
i feel socially ignored 
i'm at a lakekand computer  they are so much faster 
aww! what now?
really shouldn't of had a third cup of milk  i'm freakin cold!
this thanksgiving i am thankful for everything i have and how it they makes me feel  special thanks to all 106 of my facebook friends and the many others not on fb  happy holidays!
"stayed at my sisters the last two nights, played video games with <propmale> and <propfemale> all friday  going back later today "
so i checked that 99' eclipse and it did have a for sale sign in the window  as much as i would like to buy it i really need to put my career ideas first  i also saw a metro on a car lot! early 90's kinda like mine  i'm thinking it would be a good thing to learn mechanics on  i'm close to having enough for solidworks but that last amount seems really far of 
hay! that research project is due tomarrow! better get started 
"20 hours of school activity, i'm done  "
"yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! that geo i looked at is for sale $400  smile  it isn't road worthy though, ran into a tree or pole but mechanically it's good  the mechanic thinks with some magic it could be made road worthy  going in tomarrow, hopefully i can get dad to come "
"just saw a chevy volt commercial on tv  about a $1 50 for a complete charge  compared to my geo, it's a gallon of gas  $2 80  the volt costs 4 times as much when the metros where new  but the volt is bigger ??"
"? if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever  whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you or if he is an angel in heaven  copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know that you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly ?"
"my second geo metro is on its way! $425  and it's a 94', the same year  + a c and a radio  it most likly won't be road worthy ever again though  but it's good for parts "
"i saw my first chevy cruise today! and one of the first insights, i was half tempted to race him lol "
so it's pokemon profile week  who new?
she's up in the air 
is so screwed 
noooooooooooooooo! where did the poke go! i can't poke new people anymore  sad 
the title has been transfered  it's offically mine  laugh 
<propmale>'s back from akron  the weather made the drive questionable 
been to <propfemale> campus  teacher cancelled class 
my computer class is crap! i did better on the quizs when i didn't try  it's like they are worded to get you the wrong answers  i hate english!!!
just scored a 42 out of 50 on my intro to computer final!
scored 90 on my algebra test 
?? i'm thinking that the chevy volt is being built on the same platform as a saab 9-3  they look a lot alike including it's overall shape     annoyed 
when i poke you i really mean it!
cleaning house while lstening to music 
"when the tone goes off at any given time of day or night, a firefighter, emt, or paramedic is startled awake, gets dressed in seconds, and is en-route to the emergency  regardless of the hour, the weather conditions, the holiday, or anything else…when needed, they promptly respond and do it because they care! put this as your status if you are an emergency responder, know one, or love one"
up at 5 smile 0? very odd 
"i think i'm sick, not shure "
taking <propmale> back to akron  sad 
yaaaaaaa  yaaaaa   snow is back  smile 
"just thought about this  the volt's gas powered generator gets 37 mpg  i haven't heard weither that was city, highway, average, or continuis   annoyed "
worked on my metro today! removed the door handle mechanizim and i'm gonna fix it  did some other stuff too that's to complicated to e playful lain  gonna try and align the front tires next  they're kinda questionable 
waching knight rider  hay look a volkswagon thing!
"can't sleep, i miss master  sad "
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along!"
does anyone care?
i'm surprized! i actually enjoyed my 5 hour class  even though i woke up at 6:20 to be there on time  and even though it was the teachers first time teaching a college class  today was a review day  smile 
 sad 
going for a cruise! be back in half 
today a claim a great victory!
lisening to my new soundtracks 
school was crap  sad 
school went much better today 
sleeping through the rest of sunday zzzzzz
 annoyed   i don't know anymore 
where did the posting of texting while driving go?
hahaha poking sprea     pokepocalypse    pokehurraciane    
ahhhhh! no school! more time to catch up for the quiz   laugh 
"i just herd that a clidsdale weighs 2,000 lbs  that's a few hundred more than my car "
dad got his car stuck in my driveway  it took an hour or more to get him out  ug 
"i miss the days when i was smart  i keep wondering what caused my brain to work so smoothly  was it the class room, the teacher, exercise? or the people around me   sad  i want to be at my best again "
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has (diabetes)  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us, in memory of too many to mention, and in honor of all fighting it! ?"
going for a cruise  that is if turtle will make it out of the driveway  she hasn't failed me yet though 
on my way to zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz school 
i am intending to study some algebra so i'm watching tv and blahing on fb  but i'm not playing xbox though!
"gone gone gone, smeegul is free!"
"i hate these stupid fb adds that don't even work! 4000 get xbox live points for liking, sharing, and a survey  lies! it's only worked once for me when cartown offered point for starting millionaire city   annoyed "
it's beautiful outside  smile 
my outdoor thermometer says it's 50 degrees!
 sad 
finished halo 3  surprise dst on legendary  it wasn't to hard after playing reach
congratulation to <propfirst> fields on achieving eagle scout!
rolls-royce to unveil 100% electric super-luxury car next month
shuveled out the driveway  think i got a cold 
growing up is for the old 
"a snowmobiler just drove by, on the road   annoyed "
"aahhh! i'm naked    not really, just my face  wink "
"the eagle eye, coming soon   smile "
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this    in the status of all my friends and family!!
 sad 
 sad  i've lost inspiration 
in a much better mood this morning  ya solidworks!
dad got me some tools  laugh 
my exhaust has a hole in it again  annoyed 
lol i want to see mitsubishi make an awd v6 version of the dodge challenger  how great would that be 
merp  playful 
so my chapter 6 midterm is tomarrow and i'm just finishing chapter 5    yep
so screwed
"\tomarrow  is albunday \"""""
taking mom to the dentis 
i saw a metro for sale on a lot the other day  a red 2000 sedan 4cyl from the looks of it 
copy this onto your status and see what people rate you! (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) love-able (6) crazy (7) i want you ( smile  spoiled (9) great parent (10) wild (11) funny (12) beautiful (13) mature (14) ugly (15) i’d take you home (16) wish i had your number (17) weird (1 smile  honest (19) freak (20)sexy
"heck ya! dad may have just won $25,000 or a chevy cruise eco! and his 60th birthday is tomarrow  lmao fg"
"if u see the guy with a curled mustash, wish him a happy 60th!   happy birthday dad!"
so i helped mom work on a card for dad this afternoon and then we went to see about this contest thing  then watched mission inpossible    and now it's past midnight 
i'm gonna make the black <propfemale> on halo reach  it gonna be sweet!
no i will not buy gas today   or yesterday   or the hole week before that 
-_- zzzzzzzzzzzz
today will be a very long day 
"i need help  find the lcd of 12,18,20 the book says it should be 180"
 sad 
y is house taking the team for a drive in a monster truck?
 sad  stupid algebra
"i have never had sex, done drugs, got drunk, or snuck out  copy & paste as your status and whoever likes it, thinks your lying "
"today almost turned around for me  i saw a real chevy volt! it was on a trailer being pulled by a pickup  but now, i had too come home and suck at halo reach  sad "
i just watched top gear make random cars amphibious so i'm theorizing about that myself 
someone should make an ice cream bar with alcohol in it 
i just played a great game of civilization: revolution on my 360  a holl nation just gave up and merged with mine  i didn't even need to attack   smile 
victory goes to those who believe in it the longest 
"i don't think this computer is going to last another year  \your virtual memory is running low\"" warning is poping up more and more  web pages are randomly freezing and loading them is taking longer  after around 10 years :? i think it's time for a new one """
?  smile 
the world seems to be getting less friendly  sad  but i still have a few who care and that's all that matters!
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you think!!"
had a very good day!
 surprise  i got myself a new friend  kity kity kity  her name is scarlette  my sister got a new dog and they didn't get along  she's gone e playful loring and probably will be for days  there's alot to e playful lore  haha
scarlette woke me up at 4 now i'm tired and felling quezzy   playful 
