35b972fc97bc0df395f6911a3e38deea
"one month    home season returns! feb 6th, 2010 phillyrollergirls com"
"is packing, getting ready to move   "
"hearts beating, skipping a beat, hands in my pocket, i keep moving my feet   "
is starting to put the pieces back together   
final day   
"mentally, physically, emotionally strained     sigh"
just bleh   
looking for something to do tomorrow night    
is having a house party wend 16th! every one is invited!
can't wait for home season to start! phillyrollerderby com
recovering from last night   
sigh    lots of snow   
tonight i tip my hat and walk away  perhaps tomorrow    
"strange sounds are just an arrangment, now i have no fear or containment   "
loves trains    can't wait to get on one today and head off to de   
heading back to philly in the morning   
you worry me   
where <propmale> thou my roller derby? ::tear::
"2010, i can handle whatever you got for me    bring it on"
these shots are for you   
somebody has me smiling    
can you see me now?
"holding my breath, waiting to fall"
who doesn't love tacos   
we are the shadows that linger in the alleys while you sit at home and waste away   
"psssaw, who needs sleep!? not i"
the sun is melting me    
"sew sew sew, no needles in my finger this time  yesssss     "
if you only knew   
foiled   again
"i'm trying to find a balance, trying to find a balance     -atmosphere"
"just got done 12 hours of work     suck, just suck"
the sweet pain of victory    and <propfemale> over  we are the 2010 warrior cup champs! i love my butchers!
"called outta work, sick, going back to bed    icky"
"moving     so excited     just me, my mister, and our dog   "
want some one to play video games with me  sad 
sometimes i forget my lungs need air  in and then out      sigh
"it takes few words to change the outcome, many to control it   "
so    yeah
maybe this is all a dream   
"one win down, 2 more to go! watch 4pm today as philly continues to stop any one in their tracks to a championship win! derbynewsnetwork com"
"watch philly kill it in the championship bout today at 6pm! 2 down, one to go!\derbynewsnetwork com"
need a ride to practice tonight    text me if you can help!
"have a headache, want a drink   "
"stop raining already, need to ride my bike to wawa    "
"ohio roller girls \green\"" team is on a 7 game winning streak  too bad \",35b972fc97bc0df395f6911a3e3 laugh eea,"sorry ohio  no winning streak for you, philly wins  good game ohio!   "
"skyland, one more that was in our path of destruction! dolls win last night!"
"nose is swollen, pulled groin, bruise neck, cut ear and aching body    i love roller derby!"
"bad headache all day, and now 8 hours of work    fun stuff"
today is one of those days  sigh 
kill kill kill! lets go dolls!
"watch out garden state, the dolls are on their way!"
sooooo sick   
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the\first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  *the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011*"
"philly roller girls\dolls' mvp 2010\   antidote\***thank you dolls so much! this season you ladies helped me remember why i love this game so much! your all rad, for real ***"
"usually you just break my heart, this time it feels like you stomped on it "
where do i go from here?
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can  "
"need a ride to practice tonight, call me if you can help!"
vegan wing bowl at the <propfemale> today 3pm!
"need ride to practice tonight, text me if you can help! thanks"
