8c888a8fa631df509aa4d12a08d50c07
happy new year everyone!  laugh 
"to start off the new year i just saw the movie \legacy of tron \"""""
"i in a love mood   smile  what i mean is that i love god, i'm really happy with my friends and my life "
i love the quizes that i took   love  i hope you guys like them 
has anyone every day dreamed before? because i sure would like to know if your <propmale> to share some of your dreams will me  please  smile 
this is something i felt like saying  even though i'm in pain i'll still help people when their sick or hurt in some way despite what condition i'm in  this is because of love   smile 
hey you guys i got great news!  laugh  i got cruches and my pain is going away! but it's still there  and i'm feeling better than yesterday   smile   love  have a nice day you guys! but i have some bad news        i lost the game!  smile  hahaha
i just realized one thing that i couldn't live without  it is either my friends or music  if either one of these was gone i don't know what i would do  (this is what i have been thinking of all day) oh yeah and my injured foot is healing faster than i thought  it's amazing!  smile 
"if only things were just as easy as they were said  then things would be a whole lot easier   smile  but i guess that would take away the fun in it  there's always a price to everything, i suppose   smile "
"life and love have something in common, you'll never know exactly where either one will take you  think about it   smile "
another day went by and i had a awesome talk with my best friend   smile 
"have wonderful time, even if it's simple  enjoy the simplicities of life for as long as you have them  these are my words of wisdom   smile "
i recently ate a chinese buffet resturant  there was good food over there   smile  did you know that doghnuts are different in <propfemale>?
"love needs to shared among everyone across the entire globe  right now, idky, i feel i should somebody, and i don't care who  all i know is that it feels great when you i help somebody with their problems   smile   love "
"just now i worked out harder than i ever had in the past and i feel like dropping on the floor, resting, without any concern to what i land on "
i hate it when you're trying to think of a something to write about and no idea comes to mind but it only comes when least e playful ect it and it's one of your best ideas  i wish i could control that and have good ideas more often   smile 
i writing more and more poems every day  i think i'm getting good at it   smile 
"i just saw an ant die this morning in one of the baptismal founts in the chapel at my school  poor ant, at least it died holy   sad    r i p  holy ant"
"there's a gigantic rainbow over my house and one end of it is on     a construction site   annoyed  oh well, it still magnificent though   laugh "
i having a hard time writing more poems  i need some more ideas  can anyone help me? i appreciate any help   smile 
is having aggravating time with geometry homework   sad 
i just went to my neighborhood's annual block party and i spilled lemonade on my pants! lol epic fail!  laugh 
"it feels as though this week has been slow and a bit busy for everyone i know  i wonder how this school year is going to end, how my parish is going to be without fr  <propmale>, how this summer is going to turn out and how a new school year is going to be like   annoyed  i guess we'll all know when we get there  i love god for that he has given me   love "
may god bless you all!  smile 
i'm cleaning my entire house as a gift to my mom  i hope i can do it all   smile 
is it just me or has it been a long day?  smile 
is having crazy day dreams while listening to music   smile 
has just seen another episode of criminal minds a few days ago and wrote two new poems but hasn't posted them yet   smile 
the future holds many things that are uncertain and we don't know what will happen  all we can do now is pray that it will all work with the grace of god   smile 
everyones wonders what happens everyone else's lives   smile 
just wo more weeks untill summer for me  yay!  joyful 
i hope one day we can all be happy and share joy with those whom we each help out and become new and good friends with   smile 
"i am always suprised, good or bad, at what life throws at me  it's hard to enjoy and see the bright side everything but we can all do it   smile "
is finishing extra essays before exams come   smile 
one more week until summer   smile 
"i feel so really bad right now, i have a bad headache and i can't go to sleep   sad "
i don't feel like studying but i have to do it   annoyed 
4 more days until summer for me and counting down  hay!  laugh 
3 days until summer and counting!  smile 
only 2 days and 3 exams left until summer for me! yay!  laugh 
one day left and two exams! i can't wait! summer's only a day away!  laugh 
"yay!!!!!  joyful  summer's herer!!!!!  laugh  hmmm, now what?  annoyed "
"turning your worst problem into your greatest joy is easy to do, if you think about it   wink "
my toliet's handle broke! no!!!!  sad 
is planning my future   smile 
"i just cleaned every room in my house, washed the table, cleaned the counters, cleaned my room and bathroom, sorted out the food pantry, vaccumed the stairs and worked out for 1 hour  i did all this withot being told to, i feel so accomplished and tired   smile "
another day of summer is almost done and i had a great time   smile 
"i can't believe it! so many things are happening this weekend, i wonder how it's all going to turn out?  smile "
"when you're down and out,\when you're on the street,\when evening falls so hard,\i will comfort you,\i'll take your part   wink "
i went to my first <propmale> league baseball game in arlington yesterday when the rangers beat tampa bay! i had such a great time at my first baseball game!  laugh 
i'm so bored! x( i'm stuck at home doing chores for most of my summer and i'll be bored out my mind! somebody help me!!!!!!!!!  sad 
life is good and so is god!  smile 
i looked up myself on google and i get someone else with my exact name  *i need to go talk to myself about this * lol jk!  laugh 
reminders about yourself can be a great blessing  *i feel like a wise old man right now*  smile 
is cooling off after a rigorous workout   laugh 
is a bit lonely 
"this is a question for anyone who can read this: when you pray for something like bravery, does god make you brave or does he give you the oppurtunity to become brave?"
is worried 
is daydreaming about being able to walk normally 
is surprised 
is in a good mood   smile 
is jammin' to music and acting wild   smile 
lost the game  ;p
why's transposing music so hard? x(
"when i was watering the grass, i ended up watering myself too   laugh "
is having a bitter-sweet moment  i'm excited for my annual florida trip but i'm sad since i couldn't talk to my best friend 
one of the most stupidest laws ever created is: in texas you can't threaten someone with an unloaded gun   playful 
me and my mom  helped my dad finish building our new gate just before our annual vacation trip to florida  see you guys in a several days   smile 
is having a blast in florida!!!  laugh 
is back from florida and had a great time!!!  laugh 
is wondering on what to do 
is waiting 
is soaked with sweat   laugh 
the chore i hate the most is pulling weeds   troubled 
i pulled a ton of weeds along with my dad and i earned $20! yay!  laugh  i like pulling weeds now and i'm not saying that because i earned some cash 
the song that best describes who i am is <propmale> & garfunkel's bridge over troubled water  what about anyone else?  smile 
"i just a cute, little, brown, cottin-tail <propfemale> scurry by me in my backyard while i was watering the plants  it was so cute!  smile "
is finishing out his icee   smile 
don't stop believin'       in god!!!  laugh 
"i had an awesome time at the sacred heart anniversay mass celebration!  laugh  i helped with the drink stand through out most of the celebration  oh! by surprise, i accidently offended somone   annoyed  later i learned that it wasn't my fault and now i'm just happy   smile "
today is the day i get to start my driver's <propmale> class! i'm so exciti<propmale>!  laugh 
i went to spring creek and the guy at the register charged me with the wrong food so to keep my family quiet about he gave my mom and sister two cobblers and me a bowl full of ice cream  life is good!  wink 
needs a hair cut   laugh 
my first of summer band camp and i get is plenty of music and a tan   smile 
"watching \full metal alchemist\"" is a blast! it's just a giant chemistry equation shown in a fantastic way!  laugh """
no matter what i do i can't pick a single hairstyle to change my hair to   sad  someone!!! please help me!!!!!
coming soon: the adventures of dante: the cute guinea pig!!!  laugh 
i'm wondering how dps will react if i tell them that i have cerebral palsy while learning how to drive 
i finally got my permit! i can't wait to start driving! wahooooooooo!!!  laugh 
"while playing on my mom's guitar and practicing my first first notes on it, it made me realize how wonderful music and practicing is  i now wonder where has my passion for practicing my trumpet gone and why  it seems i should get back to practicing my trumpet once again and, this time i hope, continue doing to get better at it   wink "
my driver's <propmale> course final exam is today with 75 questions  i hope i do well enough to pass   smile 
is pulling weeds 
"my first day of school is tomorrow  i feel happy that school begins and that my boredom goes away but i feel sad since summer ends and the flood of homework comes on by again  oh well, i'll just make the best of it   smile "
"my first day of school was longer than i thought  i had a 4 hour band practice in the summer heat right after school ended but thankful i don't march   smile  oh, we're also playing bad romance this year "
my second day of school had finally passed and was as long as yesterday  i hope the rest of the year isn't this long  even if it's going to be that way i'm still going to make the best of it   smile 
is using <propfemale> stone to learn spanish   smile 
my 3rd time of pratice driving and it was the best one yet! this time i went with my dad instead of my mom  i was surprised when my dad told me to drive through streets and intersections since with my mom only let me drive in parking lots  i finally got somewhat used to driving at 30 mph  i hope the rest of driving e playful erience would be like today   laugh 
"last night's football game was awesome! even though i don't like football  however we won 36 - 8 and i played our \catch me if you can!\"" theme with the band and other songs so as \""i feel good\"" and \""bad romance\"" in the stands  it was an amazing night!  laugh """
wonders what life would be like if i didn't exsist? *this isn't a suicidal thought; i'm just curious!*  annoyed 
is doing laundry 
is doing homework and praticing 
"had an excellent tine at last night's football game  we won 25 -22, it was a close game  before the game i got new friends and was a good friend to my friends  later on the way home i had adrenilin rush and an 30 minutes i passed out  what an amazing night!  laugh "
it's wonderful having the peace of mind of knowing that being around your friends and family is being surrounded by their love for you   smile   love 
today's tornado got very close to bl but all we got was a lot of rain  it exciting though!  laugh 
<propmale> out with <propfemale> at faith formation!  wink 
i just figured out that i'm a romanticist   of movies and entertainment in general but with some action mixed in with it 
what do i do? what i do choose to be? i'm so confussed  somebody hhhhheeeeeelllllpppppp!!!!!!! dx
is over his depression   smile 
drove on the highway for the first time about 6 hours ago  it was thrilling  plus i was kind of nervous because my dad was pounding on his side of the car pretending he had a brake pedal  overall it was amazing!  wink 
the two most unlikely roomates are: <propmale> cosby and hitler   wink 
"a person who truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is  a true friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart  a good person will never betray you and will always support you   smile "
"just daydreamed about presenting his entire life from begining tp present day all in a movie in front of all bl, sacred heart and all of my friends revealing all of the bad things in my life that i keep secret  in the daydream it was called \the life of <propfirst> b  weseman: the good & bad sides \"""""
ugh!! dx i just came from a football game and now i have to go to a band contest tommorow at 9 a m  i'm going to hate this week 
wonders what god planned for him in his life as he drives through the fog of mystery and excitement only to see patches of the road ahead due to the support from the gifts of family and friends that god has given him 
is daydreaming how wonderful it is making new good and close friends and is daydreaming how awesome my current and forever-lasting friends are  i love you guys!!!  love 
one of my family's ducks fell victim to a natural predator  i think it was a cat that killed panic during the cover of darkness  it's so sad   sad 
"another blow to our family! now we've lost another duck to, what we think is, a cat attack  i'm so sad  dx"
another sad news report of my life: a bobcat (a k a  <propmale> the cat) struck again and killed another duck but this time the horrible animal actually broke in the pen and killed calm  now all that's left of the 4 duck is <propfemale>'s duck  dx
everyone i have wonderful news!!!!  laugh 
has a mean headache 
note to self: never drink coffee again  if i do then drink the entire bottle next time 
everyone one of my friends who are not part of the bl band  we won state!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!! and we got four awards to show for it!!!! yahoo!!!!!!  laugh  (check my photos for the new album i just posted!)
"i drove my family's fanciest car today  i was so nervous because it's so e playful ensive to repair and plus it's has twice the horse power and reactivity than to the car i'm used to driving  thankfully, i didn't get a single scratch on it   smile "
if there is one i'm good at it's self-examination 
hugged katlin <propfirst>   smile 
i love it when god helps you through life because it's love he's showering you with and it's amazing!  laugh 
life is nothing without it's irony 
chatted with <propfemale> and <propfemale> jones!  wink 
"it turns out my name actually means \a dark haired gift of god that dwells in a meadow \"" so i had my name's slighty wrong  oh well   smile """
"yesterday, overall, was a really amazing day for me  the only bad thing that happened was that we won the football at san <propfirst> against holy cross 53 - 30, that means the band and i go to <propmale> for the next game next saturday  however, on the bright side, i get to spend more time with my best friend   wink "
had an excellent chat with his big sister yesterday  i love you big sis!  laugh 
"i bought new shoes and they are black  which is different for me since i favor white over black  btw, they're awesome!  laugh "
yeah! hooray! yahoo! i finally got my letterman jacket!!!!  laugh 
this is what happened to me just 1 hour ago  be sure to read the next comment  lol it's funny!  laugh 
"is making two pizzas with the cook, his sister   smile "
's flashdrive just found out that his flash drive just went through the washer and dryer and is hoping that all of the files still work and are unharmed   annoyed 
thanksgiving is over  all that's left now is the calm before the storm of christmas as day by day it slowly heightens our anticipation and suspence for gifts and joy on the anual day celebrating the birth of jesus christ 
"for once in a long time, i actually practiced my trumpet at home!!! i feel so proud of myself right now   smile "
"thanks to the support and encouragement i got from my two best friends, <propfemale> & cat, i started making changes in my life and found the motivation to keep them  thanks again you two!  laugh "
is feeling conflicted 
"i don't know if anyone else has noticed but, it seems that eveyone has changed their profile pictures all at once for some reason   annoyed "
"acoording to a good friend of mine, i'm a chick magnet   smile "
exams next week and i plan on studying like there's no tomorrow  and 16 days until christmas  x)
is having a bad day   sad 
"exams are here for me for the next 4 days and i hope i do well on of them   smile \*btw, prayers are appreciated *  wink "
"i'm drawing beginner anime faces and, in my opinion, i'm doing half-way decent   surprisingly i can draw something fairly well! yay!  joyful "
when my dad inadvertently got lost coming home i had to guide him out of frisco and mckinney   smile 
hhhhoooorrrrraaaaayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!! exams are finished! and     wineter break begins! 2 weeks of r&r! yay!  joyful 
yay! now i'm only one step away from taking my driver's license test!  joyful 
is lonely 
is feeling nostalgic right now  ah memories   smile 
roadtrip day has arrived and i hope i don't get bored on the way to and back   smile 
"now i'm back, i love being home again   smile "
<propfemale> christmas to all & to all a good night!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas to all & to all a good night!  laugh 
is wonderfully lost in nostalgia and fantasies 
hey does anyone want a date? because i can get you one   wink 
i finally have my own laptop! wahoo! this is awesome!  laugh 
"put (poke) me if u ever had a crush on me or still do\put (like) this status if u think i am a good friend\put (message) me if u ever wanted a relationship with me\put (comment) on this if we have had good memories\now lets see who's brave enough to copy this and put on their status"
after looking up only my last name i discovered that my family owns an engineering company for race cars and a construction company 
it's been said many times many ways it's snowing!!!!!  laugh 
today i found that my next door neighbor died  dx
"attention!!!!! to all of those whom have read my depressing poem, i've deleted it  thanks to the support of my friends, in other words to those who have read it, i've realized the error of my ways and will never do that again  thank you all for help  thanks you being my good friends   wink "
crashed and fell asleep on his bed due to caffine  dx
"it's so warm outside, you know? i don't even need a thick coat anymore  would any like to buy ice cream and eat it outside with me?  laugh "
for the first time in my life i got asked out to a dance by one of my best friends   laugh 
"\ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you \"" <propfirst> 7:7"""
"went to the sixth-floor museum and old red courthouse, had an awesome lunch with cat and her father and i'm feeling relaxed  to end this day, a peaceful rest is calling  a good day? i think so   wink "
yyyeeeessss!!!!!!! no school for me tomorrow!!!!!! wwwwwaaaaahhhoooo!!!!!!  laugh 
\i kissed a girl and i liked it\,8c888a8fa631df509aa4d12a0 laugh 50c07,"just came back from e playful loring my two backyards with my sister and boy do i have pictures for all to see! it's a wonderful winter wonderland! a sea of white, sheets of ice and blankets of snow! it's amazing!  laugh "
"passing around a game: i'd like my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right  just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  x)"
just watched an episode of the big bang theory   smile 
yay! the super bowl is finally here! yahoo!  wink 
best half-time show ever!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
" smile ,  playful ,  wink ,  laugh ,  smile ,  kiss , > sad , b), bl, > surprise , o o, (^^^),  surprise , :v, -_-, 3 smile ,  annoyed ,  sad ,  crying ,  playful utnman:,  annoyed ],  love , o smile ,  joyful , <(\) : the emoticons of facebook """
had a good time at pure reality with <propfemale>! a good day? i think so   wink 
feels at peace while washing the pots and pans  ah   smile 
"finished watching all of the epsiodes of \strawberry panic!\""  smile """
i'm so p o ed at dps!!!!!! > sad 
"failed my driver's license test today and was a little disappointed but i got some good practice in thanks to my dad's help  plus the <propfemale> weather changed my mood a bit too  now i look to avenge my loss so dps, look out!  laugh "
"when the today darkens, tomorrow becomes 10x brighter; whenever that is "
"joke of the day: the human cannon ball just died a few days ago  i know it's sad  when the company was asked what they were going to do they replied, \we don't know where we can find a man of the caliber \"""""
when you can always be yourself around people then that's when you know you're in the right crowd  (quote made by me )
"sibling war!! copy and paste this if you're the best and smartest of your siblings  if it stands for one hour without them protesting it, it's so true "
something very ineteresting happened to me today  i got hit on by a gay guy  o o
 smile   yrots a gnitirw si namesew wehttam (<-- read backwards)
"wow! today has been a crazy day for me on facebook because i set a personal record of, at least, having 50 notifications  idk exactly how many i got, i lost count after 20   playful "
i'm having an amazing birthday!  laugh 
had unforgetable awesome friendship bonding time with his best friend katie-chan and newly met friends lisa-chan and ryan-kun   laugh 
"what makes a relationship of any kind, between any two people, fun and sucessful is with god  for he knows what the both of you truly <propfemale> and he will let the both you e playful erience what that is together, whether the two of you know it or not   wink "
you daily news report: our top story - psychic convention closed today due to unforeseen events 
hates allerges!!!!! x(
