a216dca0d313dceb4d532ec264e4fdec
remember! what goes around comes around!
i need a new car!!!
im gonna turn this frown upside down and put my middle fingers up in the air!!!!
"i am a cook, a housekeeper, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handy man, a maid, security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off, i work through the day and some of the night, i am under paid and over worked   now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if you're a mom ?"
im so sick of seeing you stupid girls post shit about your lil boyfriends being your everything and never see you post shit about ya kids  grow up we are not teenagers anymore!
i wanna go fishin!!  sad 
it wont be like this for long       smile     u see that?? nosey!!
dying of double ear infections and working   god help me!
for u fakes   n u kno who u r   dont lie bout nething cuz eventually the truth will come out stupid   fuck cant i ever deal wit people who r real???
oooook girls   my sis and i are having a huuuuuuuuuuuuge garage sale tomorrow and sunday   gonna start at 7 and @ 2400 bentley court  off of creasy spring n take left on thames    so if ur lookin for sum cute clothes u gotta come!! all brand names!! and q's just ask   
love your enemies ; )
it sucks being pregnant n alone   wtf did i do to deserve this???
theres always that one family member that is ignorant as shit and will argue with you about anything and everything and they always think they are right   n u want to strangle them    but u cant!!! ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
real sad and pathetic when people you trust would steal a dollar from you  when they could of just asked   patheeeeeeeeetic looooser!!
need 4 more ppl to help with my barn raising please
i need sum more people to help with my barn raisin lol i kno i need a life!!!!!!!!!!! lol
someone got a crib to sell lemme kno pleassssssse  smile 
i will pay goood money for someone to do my homework!! lol any takers??? haha! just kiddin    i think  annoyed 
anyone have a bouncer or swing they are getting rid of?
anyone want a cat? i have to get rid of mine  sad  shes named foxy and is black and has a sweet but crazy personality   i have tons of stuff to give with her  she is litter box trained and likes kids   pleaseeeeee help me!
all you guys girls talking shit on me and <propmale> can suck my <propmale>!!! and you know who you are!!!! hahahaha!!!
muahahaha!!!! i love my haters!! keep hatin!!  smile 
i took family photos yesterday  let me know if you wanna see ill send a link to you   smile 
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! i miss and love ya!!  smile 
ha ha you left your <propfemale> open    should never do that lmfao i love you   love shandell
