d0046839dbd1daa4a9838a653dceaea9
happy new year everyone!  bonne annee!
the hangover is one of the funniest movies ever!
my username =  peter fredday
wants to have the world's longest name!
sad face! i will never have the longest name     it would need to have over 590! letters! world record is from some <propmale> guy  or at least thats the rumor  whats on the internet      sad 
wow    slept to 11  heheheheheheheheheh
"yayah! party it up with the joshmister, the pfeffinator, and the <propfirst> ______!  beach then <propfirst>'s then maybe my house even! yay!"
fun last night    except apprently i can't be out after dark  so i has no phone for a bit      sad 
"rain, rain go away    "
"football, football, and more football "
gots my mca results today! math: 866   reading: 889  science: 891  woot!
never wants to redo another kitchen     ever 
"school's going good, finally got my computer working again  lol      hope the rest of the year goes well too! (>'')>"
back to school again     yay! sorta 
yay! 3-1 now! beat roseville 26-12!
homecoming! go bears!
football game tomorrow! gonna beat the crap out of <propmale> lake  and i really hate artistic homework   
yay! friday! football is really cold now    lol
really need to plan ahead    
sad face      my xbox 360 broke   only way to get it fixed is $120!
slipknot is a pretty good band     and i think no one will believe that i listen to them 
omg sam's house!
had a great idea! making a self sufficent wing aircraft with co2 filters in the propulsion system to clean up the atmosphere! any thoughts? <propfirst>?
do da do da dooooo 
go dragged to the where the wild things are movie      no one should watch that ever 
just finished his l a  project  yay procrastination!
going up against hastings tomorrow! get out of school early! yay!
ugh  no more free time     maybe that change next week after football is over
yay partay tonightz!  hopefully     rofl
bowling partay! woot! yay go meeting random new people!
"why so much homework! oh yeah, i was sick     "
wait  is aj larson one of berlin's friends?
i haz the best foto <propfemale>!
whoz aj larson? seriously    
 sad  there's homework inbetween me and mw2       guess i gots to do it 
dooby dooby dowap dooby dooby doowap    <propfirst>  hehehehhe
the ads on the side of the <propfemale> are officially annoying me    
weird prank calls    lol
yay! in canada now! visiting my grandparents for thanksgiving    but man its cold here! lol
haha! all the kids here have school right now     fail
yay  go karts are fun
domo rules! www domonation com
"will be completely honest for another 24 hours    you can ask me one question i can take anything (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, wierd or cheesy it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  smile -- sure why not ?  smile   found this on <propfirst>'s and thought i would be fun! bring it!"
"ahhh     food, family, curling, football, go karts, domo  awesome week!"
huh  north campus has an online store now      weeeeeeird 
why must there be school tomorrow?
hmm   
so happy its going to be friday tomorrow!
gots most of my hw done now    just need to finish those atoms  ugh i hate mr olsen  get to <propfemale> with <propfirst> later  that'll be fun!
"\santa came to say     im a pimp!\"""""
hmmm   thinking about joining up with da jazz band      anyone in it?
its mendez the mexican jewish bowling pin!
got my passion for piano back! yay
why does everyone have a pokemon now???
why must we have school this week? why!?!
yay! gots my permit now!
"yay for an apparent giant snowstorm      still if there's six feet of snow on the grounds, we will go to school   lol"
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope you got what you wanted!
has anyone seen the avatar movie???  wondering if its good or not 
finally saw district nine! great movie 
"yay! i finally beat assassin's creed 2! sorta      still need to find over 90 feathers, 7 statues, 3 tombs, and like 40 viewpoints   lol   wtf aliens"
anyone doing anything today?
anarcho communis
why do people throw grilled cheese at me? lol  that was so funny yesterday
what amazing things can i do today?         not much  lol
"hey, anyone in psychology? i'm wondering if i should take it next year   pretty much taking all honors classes, french (again and again and again), renaisance performance, so i got a half credit left    "
   
prestiege  yayz  finally after 3 video games in the series i have finally prestieged  lvl 20 1st prestiege now 
n'orleans is going down next week!!!
go <propfirst>!  <propfirst> brown for <propfemale> senator!
made a group  ftw!
anarcho communism by wikipedia
need a new heater for my house  apparently the thirty year old heater is finally kicking the bucket     was really cold yesterday
<propfemale>  must  take  a  pill       seriously calm down
"you don\t deserve shoes! lol"""
apparently am terrible at go      must practice and pwn computer
had my first behind the wheel thingy   pretty fun  cool instructor
yes! i got straight a's   woot!
what happens when you reach the edge of the universe???
01001001 000 0100110 0100111 01010101 01000101 000 01000010 01001001 01001110 01000001 01010010 01011001 (000 = space)
"live together, or die alone"
which voice in my head should i listen too?
http annoyed  politicalcompass org printablegraph?ec laugh  62&soc=-4 87
"thinks i should right down my random thoughts in a notebook   also, obama must not have ever taken an economics class    he's doing the opposite of what he should be"
have to do evil biography report after lunch   ugh   but then i guess i'm done for the weekend 
yay  finally got that <propfirst> twain book report done  did it in 2 days lol  3 1 2 pages of boring 
country official sucks  who with me?
"\feminist must really hate softball\""       random thought"""
when will halo reach beta come out!!!!!! argh!
no homework sort of     only four day week which is awesome   need something to do this weekend though!
yay facebook is working again! been like error <propfemale> for a week 
argh   science paper 
tacos rule!  lol
"new glasses  really better vision now, look cool too"
in my society      lol
i want my own computer       ugh 
guess i should probably get to work now        lol  poetry packet thingy time!
why is my computer so slow    been trying to open email on it for about 10 mins now  really? evil thing   want to dump the hard drive and hack some linux on to it    ah once my parents buy a new computer  it shall be mine
"y'all don'r actually exist, unless i can see, hear, touch, smell, taste (ew) you     gotta love idealism   the same ones that say your all a figment of my imagination  woot woot  philosophize"
gah  anyone wanna <propfemale> todayz?
can't remember that cat hat website     argh 
i'm like in every cultural minority  lol   epic fail 
why crosby?! why!!!!!!!!!
cat or fox? cat or fox? cat or fox? cat or fox? cat or fox? cat or fox? argh
is a furry  lol  simple as dat   laugh 
yay for reading cold war american propaganda in language arts!  they got communism soooooooooooo wrong   <propfemale> anarcho communism
omg halo reach beta trailer is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hangin with da samster  with <propfemale> cat hat  lol   cept no one cares   
"aye, always have great pictures in my head but i just can't draw them!"
coolio! got a bamboo tablet for our computer today! with photoshop elements      this could be pretty fun!
going to the car show today  could be fun 
autoshow was pretty cool   the nissan cube is amazing! also the smart car is actually pretty roomy on the inside very weird 
god i hate trolls    
realizing that everyone possibly can see everything i've done on facebook      hmm 
i think i could say absolutly anything in my status and no one would say anything      wonder how many people actually read my statuses  lol
feminists are sexist   nuff said  lol     also found funny comic   u should chk it out
"comic tricked me into losing the game      ugh     the game   rule 1: you are playing the game   rule 2: whenever you think about the game, you lose   rule 3: loss must be announced"
questioning his faith 
i did it! 4 years of webcomics in 3 days! woot 
agnostic theism     yay finding stuff you agree with 
lol  <propmale> 4 pic
get out of my head!
time to troll the trolls  woot
there's too many of them! aaaaaahhhh      *drowns in pile of trolls*  also learned cool game   snap game for the win   j fizz go long!!!  *snap*
ok  can someone please help me understand religion  for it or otherwise     need  to  decide    ugh
had 19 notifications      anything over 10 freaks me out
rugby now is my favorite european sport       almost better than football even  hmm
should not have looked up what j fizz told me too      more confused now 
"ow  mosquito ringtone kinda hurts your ears     i need to try and download that,  worked at first with my dad, then turned up speakers and he could hear it   but it said it can't be too loud"
needs to get more friends     hm
must  buy  own computer    
slowly finding ways to amuse himself  yay for nice weather
must remember not to zone out when i'm riding a bike  almost hit a car that turned in fron of me  lol
the church of the apathetic agnostic  for the win! lol  most random funny site i've been on
just applied for a fake degree over the internet    yay?
cheese pizza time    evil no meat on friday rule  why???
is now a reverend of a small internet church   yes! i can potentially legally marry people
"after arguing with myself in my head and in a mirror for some reason, i've concluded that you don't need proof to prove that something does not exist  you only need proof to prove that something is indeed true  to prove its not true all you need is the absense of posistive proof  so if you cannot prove that god is real, he can be assumed to be not real       sorta "
"okay gonna leave a warning lol  if you put anything on facebook it becomes public, which means anything on facebook is fair game  you have a right to your opinion and i have one to mine so yes i'm going to comment on stuff if i disagree with you  if you no likey delete it or block me from posting on your wall  dur"
also yay for facebook rants
oh hey here's a goodun too  dang too long   comment section!
"sooooo wait  what the hell happened with healthcare? saying obama signed it, but it needs to go to senate as well  wtf!"
omg holy crap concessions freaked me out  a;ldskfjasd;lkf
practic round for golf today! hopefully wont do too bad    lol   also yay for blockage!
golf was fun  wow 3 hours long for 9 holes     shot a 62  okay i guess 
still doesn't understand how the church can support soldiers so much  in the bible it says do not kill but most of them do  hypocrisy
"woah  i have so much homework to do over spring break! need to start finish monologue, debate, and macro pkt     waaaaaah"
nononononono hell no! thats not what it means <propfemale>  god damn it 
"\something  something  something  dark side\"" to - \""something  something  something  jesus\"""""
"for those who philosophize  reading spinoza's \ethics\""     circular reasoning much? part 1 proposistion 11  also a few more but don't have book on hand """
"rapta jesus! \nothing in the bible said that jesus wasn't a raptor\"""""
what is making that noise!?!?!?!
"go to youtube type in \why christiannity fails\"" watch parts 1 & 2     makes some damn good sense"""
everything needs a reason! if you think you don't need a reason to think a certain way means your ignorant arrogant or just a moron   
omg omg omg! i found pirate as a language for facebook!
argh  i knew <propmale> would get out of that somehow     stupid split personality thingy
"haircut! dad bought a jeep, and went to the golf dome!"
"oh yeah  happy \a\"" week!"""
authority only exists because you allow it to      random thought for da day 
wonders how long it'll take to basically tick off all of my friends using facebook      gonna start counting  lol
   zzzzzz     
buddhism is quite interesting  i think i'm going to look into that more    
god i love being an admin! bringing down the banhammer 
is in canadia now    cooler but not that cold thankfully
the # of kids bops makes you feel old doesn't it? remember when it was #1? now its like 17 or something   
why can't there be a religion that thinks that life is actually worth living? i mean seriously! every one i've look at says the life is evil      why
"got failed at church today    during the little summation of the readings the priest basically said \free will = the freedom to serve god\""  freedom doesn't = servitude     please tell me someone else sees how this is wrong """
gah! every single thing is closed here! nothing to do!
"ok  i give one last <propmale> to religion  e playful lain how evil can exist in the world with a \caring\"" god  go!"""
"how is it that people are online, but not online for chat? wtf?"
manian & dj splash!
renardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenardrenard!
ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º° ¨°º¤ø„¸techno„ø¤º°¨ „ø¤º°¨forever`°º¤ø
you people listen yet? lol
"this is my reality and it's just the raver's fantasy  cause i know if you´re in love with me tonight, we're ravin' through the night "
keeps going on the lapfox website and stays there for damn hours     must  sleep  but  can't  must  listen     lol
happy easter   playful uctoc bockpec!
speedcore  woot
"ah  speedcore, everything everyone else hates in music  but for somereason i like   "
ugh    so far cheapest phat pants i've found be 130 bucks     damn 
lol  who's 651-707-5043? and 651-717-5948? in canada so i can't txt peoples    but wondering 
ha you all have to go back to school tomorrowz! i however get to spend 8 hours in a car     about the same dontcha think?
really wishes trolls were a little smarter   
"https annoyed  secure freepress net site advocacy?cmd laugh isplay&page=useraction&id=437 go to this  save da internet  also thoughts for the day  1  i hate missing school, so much homework 2  <propfirst> woodruff is a prick 3  stop spreading hate and lies 'bout furries, its annoying  4  pancakes "
i  love  troll logic  so easy to rip to shreds     =p
    thinking thoughts of people who have thought and think that their thoughts may be worth thinking and telling other thinkers so that they think that thought and make more thoughts to think about     confusion ftw!
supports the people of kyrgyzstan   
wow  seriously had this discussion on the bus this morning    who would win: master cheif vs  a jedi  jedi won apparently  the whole force thing is working in their favor 
wonders why people care so much about what others do with their lives    
why must it post everything i do on the news feed  argh   
yay! i have hate pictures on groups! they actually think i care what the post    fail  the next step is to get blocked 
this isnt racist but i love black people on xbox live 
"let me be your daily dose of blasphemy, i have it all: social, political, economical, and religious  just step right up everybody! lol "
ugh    facebook doesnt work on my computer!
yay  back to normal   
wants the roads to be clean so he can longboard    
got a 88 100 for a monologue <propfirst> twain speech that i wrote the night before i had to present  procrastination win!
is war evil? or are there things worth fighting for? if there is something worth fighting for how do you know its the right thing? each side of a war thinks the other is evil and that they are right  how do you know that you are not the evil one? argh! get out of my head!
must figure out how the us navy hospital ships work     
"hmm i think the right wrong thing is over     if wanting freedom and equality is wrong, i dont want to be right "
ice cream man! lol 
can anyone give me some tips on the trebuchet project for school? like how the sling is made     working on it but so far its not working  help
apparently it take 9 hours to build a trebuchet to make a golf ball fly 2 meters      but yay its finished!
why must there be macro packets in the world? why    
wishes there were more anarchists in wb
annnnnnnnd back to more agnosticism 
rave anyone???
o_e
yes! its the weekend!
anything to keep the muffin war going lol
and just heard of a sad f'ed up story    some people are completely and utterly retarded im sorry
"     apparently my french nickname is \juju\""  awesome!"""
hit ctrl+w for awesomeness!
guess what!? i get the tops of my braces off tomorrow!!!
concessions and original life need to update  argh   smile 
facebook chat + blaring techno + gravitational time dialation = my afternoon  lol
litterally i want to break everything in my house
is so g he's almost h  lol 
3 more days! yes!
hmmm    can you download something off the internet directly to a usb using internet e playful lorer?
op seeyup!
hmm    i want to have a bettter understanding of nihilism  any help? google isn't working well   playful 
why wouldnt they release it on a friday or something??? why a monday? whyyyyyyy!
should get me some nietzsche! (nee-chee) lol
craaaaaap    schedule issues  i think i'm gonna have like a full month of being at different camps  hmm   
well that was weird     felt bad for eating chicken? wtf 
"now wants to go utterly destroy this so called creation \museum\"""""
"school is going to suck tomorrow because i could be playing halo instead of \learning\""    sad face  yeah thats really geeky but whatever """
"\how could you see me??? i was hiding in a bush!!!!\"" \""yo mom's bush\"" fail"""
"i'm really starting to like that show \into the universe with <propfirst> hawking\"" good show    """
halo: reach thou <propmale> a he<propmale>less wench  the damn servers are down! fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu    
yes! odst actually has value more than a coaster!!!
to cram or not to cram  that is the question  lol 
well i finished homework    now i could study or     play halo  hmmm 
the final seemed to go ok     wait we have 3 tests tomorrow    fuuuuu
woot 183 180 on the macro final
well i could actually do something      or i can look at stupid pictures on the internet while listening to the soviet anthem  yeah you wish you could have that much awesome
when in doubt    make it up
damn i love that song    
hellllllooooooo? is anyone actually around?
okay everything keeps shaking in my eyes     i think i need a nap or im having a seizure  wtf
wonders how greece will turn out    hopefully for the better (aka anarchist win)
mmmmmm    awardsy
failed at studying i know this already!
bring it ap test!
"do this up,up,down,down,left,right,left,right,b,a,enter button,right click,up,down\its awesome!"
"\i will smash the corner stone of society with the hammer of the people and it will crumble down upon those who try to hold it up\"""""
19!
"majority rule only works if you're also considering individual rights  because you can't have five wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper  \<propfirst> flynt"
meh     not the best weekend ever 
<propmale> 19:27 aka holy shiiiiiiiiiiitake mushrooms  (you like the save?)
oh it'd be nice if people would talk to me other than when they have to   
wishes he had that multiple personality disorder thingy     thatd be cool!
"the law is an adroit mixture of customs that are beneficial to society, and could be followed even if no law existed, and others that are of advantage to a ruling minority, but harmful to the masses of men, and can be enforced on them only by terror  \-- <propfirst> kropotkin (hijacked from someone else  playful )"
"\god theory\"" i came up with the other day   """
"\no fleshies allowed\"""""
"okay    if you put smelly food in the fridge, and put a half empty can of dr pepper in there at the same time     the dr pepper will taste like that smelly food  ew ruined <propfemale> dr p!"
i likez me dem tetris! haha
needs me some more pictures     
soooooo close! 14 left     
had a weird moment last night haha     got out of bed to open the door for my cat (which will not stop bugging me) and as i got out my ankle locked and wouldn't move  haha    it was really weird
http annoyed  www thinkgeek com tshirts-apparel unisex sciencemath de50 zoom 
"\in soviet russs     screw this i'm getting vodka\"" lol"""
"anyone else play \tetris\""?"""
well    this plan epically failed   playful 
kropotkin quote (stupid character limit)
ah  the quest for meaning in a pointless universe  haha
huh  apparently that friends revealed thing was a scam and got deleted  lol fail  haha
"\est-ce que\"" is the most annoying word ever created! its so annoying having to write it over and over and over again!"""
only ten more loooooooooongggg days left 
huh? says people are doing stuff     but they're not online  huh        lol
wow i honestly think this <propfemale> made my head hurt from the anger     haha http annoyed  www facebook com #! oneman onewoman?ref=ts
"just got back from half price    bought fredrich nietzsche's \thus spake zarusthra\"" (spelt wrong) hopefully it'll be a good one  to jfizz's dismay haha"""
haha superman was invented in the 1800's    dont give me no comic crap lol!
<propfirst>'s teapot is ftw haha   
"holy crap! anyone see that sinkhole in guatemala? its 30 stories deep, it swallowed a 3 story apartment building!"
damn havnt done yoga in a looooooong time     forgot how good it is! haha
feris wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha    i need a picture of ferris buehler now for that geometry project
    really need to stop going on that <propfemale> 
"went golfing this morning    i swear i had a lucky tee, 6 great tee shots in a row and the tee never broke  gonna keep that for next time haha"
hmm    feels like writing
wow i really really hate mr  olsen now    
"not in cruelty, not in wrath, the reaper came today  an angel visited this grey path, and took the cube away! (rip companion cube)"
"had some great and awkward times downtown! haha    and yes coffee still tastes like \burnt water\"" jfizz"""
summer!!!!! yayz
sweet! i finally have my own laptop! whoo hoo!  laugh 
because cake makes a great breakfast food!
hmm    made a second life todayz
"hmm    is there anything going on today in this town? evil rain, can't go outside haha"
going to vertical endeavors tonight! hopefully i'll climb without freaking out so much lol
wow my 'uncle' is terrible  lol  nigeria vs  germany in the world cup    he noticed a very interesting thing with the scoreboard   playful 
(jwugiwb + mfjguncrt = mwig) ewe!  playful 
ihbr dqy khui qw qfng qkdy! hhupk! ewe
"hmm    more sciency ramble  taking that matter and energy are equivalent to each other, and the law of convservation of energy  wouldnt that mean that there would be a law of conservation of matter (matter cannot be created or destroyed) ????? hmm    "
heading out to canadia today! eight   hours    away    lol 
"cabin is going great! lots of fun at the beach and i can <propfemale> with my canadian friends  also read a book by the dalai lama, pretty good book    hope you guys are having a good summer too"
   stupid character limit
"hello internet, i've missed you so     playful "
"i finally get back home from my cabin, and now i have to leave again tomorrow! well 1 2 a day home is good enough  playful "
cya guys next week! off to grey wolf!
well now that im home pretty much nothing will happen lol  playful 
finally got renard on my mp3
well tommorrow is gonna be bad lol    not gonna get much sleep lol
left 4 dead 2 is a really fun game!
firefox is awesome
"politics: the <propmale> of insulting your opponent  \and you win when you've done it the best "
off to camp again tomorrow! yay i get to actually do something again!
"back from tomahawk, gonna be home the rest of the summer  but it was definitely a great week"
happy friday the 13th  playful 
"class schedule  playful \\advisory: swoboda\algebra 2: larsen\honors bio: hoernema\honors l a : dittrich\french 2: erickson\lunch c\renaissance performance: nordenst\honors am  history: whalen\2nd semester: history becomes 5th hour, and ap micro: seeba becomes 6th  laugh "
ugh i hate bear cards    so far i've sold a whopping 2 cards  playful  and i think the most i could sell would be 3 lol
yes! twoadays are finally over
i should probably start that language arts homework shouldn't i    
   now i can't find that assignment sheet     fml
can someone tell me what the language arts website is? i need to find that assignment sheet for the paper  playful 
homework on the first day of school just isn't cool   
whoo! 28 wbl - 21 cretin!
so close! fml! haha still 41-13! whoo!
"damn    i had one stupid thing to go buy this weekend and i forgot, stupid poster board   "
"i hate skyward    i missed one language arts assignment, only one  and now if i mess up an assignment again i can't play football    fml"
"see ya appendix, not like you did anything anyway  playful "
"hmm    i don't think the history day paper will actually be that hard, since i wrote up the background part of it and got 2 pages  just have to wait and see  playful "
whoo! finished the rough draft!  playful  7 pages long
"apparently, the snow destroyed my internet"
done  playful 
note to self: make sure you have enough gas for the snowblower before the storm hits
