fef129097f13b4700198a4de2ebf47dd
"i really  want some squid, yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyy"
i wish that life would just stop and slow down for a little bit
today is a sad day 2 celebrities have died <propfemale> fawcett and <propfirst> <propmale>
"not cool, i am definitely living past 51 "
"yay, i might finally be getting a job, woo hoo!!!!!"
it is too frigging hot
can't wait until fall when it is cool and not so dang hot
"mom is kicking me off, gotta go bye bye"
"got scheduled for classes at college today, it will be english comp 2, intro to lit, and math 91 which is elementary algebra- fun fun fun!!!!"
"i am so tired, i need sleep!!!"
"i need a new book to read, of course i need money first  can't wait for college to start i am so bored "
wants to put pics up but her sister ate up all the messaging money on the phone plan texting her boyfriend 
life is so awesome
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you "
"does anybody know of any jobs that i could get, i really need one "
can't wait till the apartment inspection is over with 
"had fun at lunch today, mole is awesome "
needs to go school shopping
needs to go to bed earlier than 12 smile 0 in the morning so she can be ready when college starts
is so tired but is waiting for her parents to get home so she can unlock the door for them
has hit the loopy part of being tired-i wish my parents would hurry up and get home so i can go to sleep
is making chocolate butterscotch brownies for a picnic tomorrow  yummy smile 
is getting her hair dyed auburn today
is really tired
is extremely bored
"my aunts staying the night and shes drunk and funny, woo-hoo, (with the greatest sarcasm)"
is tired
"time for bed night, night"
is bored
"is bored, why can't school start sooner"
"woo-hoo school has started, now to get through the week!"
"is coughing out her lungs, ouchy"
"coughing hurts so much, i hate it"
feels pukey
has to go do homework
"i'm tired of writing about literature and movies  wierd how even when i don't mean it to english class sneaks into my life, i  can't even craft a sentence without having my english textbook name in it  aaaahhhhh!!!!!i need a large break from analyzing literature, i only wish it were that easy "
happy birthday miky
is so bored
"¿mi grandpa está muriendo, qué yo hace? voy a ver que lo este fin de semana y yo asustan i love spanish translators, especially the one microsoft word uses  leave comments if you understand what it says, if you don't you may ask me "
life is sucky right now
research paper finally done woohoo
only one more final o go then im done for the quarter yay
"time to cook, yay"
"ugh, mom and <propfirst> r arguing"
"woohoo finals r over, no school till january 4th, woohoo"
ugh my stomach feels weird
follow me on twitter @kmd180
follow @kmd180
"hey everybody guess what i got a 3 5 in both my english classes, and i got a 3 0 in math  pllus i got on te vice president's honor roll  isn't that awesome"
ugh
"its time to get off the internet, i have exhausted my brain and it is late, not only that but i have a book i need to read, so night night to those who are online at this time of night"
"i can't wait till christmas,it is going to be so fun  wooooooo-hoooooooo"
one of my cats went missing
"old christmas cartoons are awesome, woo-hoo  get to see the miser brothers and isle of misfit toys  awesome"
had to dye miky's hair today and i broke my parents shower
"school tomorrow, yay"
"ugh, i need a break, weekend is coming, yayay"
im tired
"school is slowly sucking away my social life, soon i will be only interacting with other students and books, oh how fun my life is"
i wish i could skip school tomorrow
tgif
i dont want to go back to school
"owey i got my hand burnt frying up chicken, it hurts"
"my bday is on the thursday after this coming thursday, and i have an 11-hr school day on my bday  ugh "
"can i go to sleep? no i am at school until 8 surprise 0 at night, man i just love this"
could somebody tell me what celebrity i look like so i can participate in doppelganger week  i would appreciate it very much  smile 
i turn 19 tomorrow woo-hooo
woo-hooo homework
"owey, i hurt like i just fell off a truck, karate hurts"
woo-hoo four day weekend
"owey, karate hurts"
"signed up for classes today, all the good times for science were already closed, so i am taking american lit , intro to philosophy, and general psych , woo-hoo "
"happy b-day to my baby cousin who was born at like 3 o'clock this morning, i love you baby <propfirst>!!!"
"dang it, fox cancelled my favorite show on tv right now, past life"
english got cancelled today
"the projector in my english class got stolen, who would do such a thing?"
"lol    ?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"lol    ?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
i have to download software to watch a movie for english
"i actually do read each one of my posts   never doubt that i care for you greatly  i am not only glad to count you as family, but also glad to count you as friend   i care for all of you!!! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and repost this as your status  let's see who the true friends are!   "
wish me luc kon my math test
im hungry
i am bored
my allergies are acting up super bad today
"is ready to go home, but still has over 2 1 2 hours left in school"
homework should die >(
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    spokane, washington-totally not where i would have chosen to be born, i prefer chewelah, wa personally "
hmmm
general biology final today
woo-hoo im done with my bio final!!!!
"my math final is done, yay, only one more final to go!!!"
"i bombed my math final, but i still passed the class with a 2 0  i have to retake the class in the fall though because i need a 2 5 in it"
"my grades for the quarter are a 3 1 in bio 160, a 3 9 in english 220, a 2 0 on math 92, and a 3 5 in karate "
school starts again on monday
mis abuelos casa es increible   smile 
<propfemale> <propmale> day april 29th
allergies suck
i have a date on saturday  smile 
i miss my mommy  sad 
"72% on psych final, not that great  sad "
"facebook is at it again  go to the top right of your screen, click account, then click edit friends  go to the left side of your screen, click phonebook  everyone's phone # is being published  please repost to let your friends know of this change in security so they may remove their phone # or change their privacy sett   ings  they can go back and delete their <propfirst> off of their <propfemale>"
muahahahahahahaha
i hate adware
"how many of you personally know all the people of your friends list? welll, here is a task for you  i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  (be nice)then, repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  you'll be amazed!"
"for\24 hours you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will \answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to \put this as your status and see what kind of question you get!"
"hello everyone  look at your status, now back to mine, now back to yours, now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down, back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be  i'm on a computer "
"ugh, that is all i can say, ugh"
"let's\see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends \list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not \only glad to count you as friends, but also as family  let's see who on \my friends' list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really is… i    <propfemale> family \& friendships  thank you for being part of my life!"
"sewing up rips in a comforter is not an easy task, especially when the rips are like a foot long and there are two of them "
"dude, the school's computers have windows 7  awesome!"
no hablo ingles  lo siento  tu hablas espanol?
blah  that is all 
"r i p  grandpa rancourt, you will be sorely missed by all who knew you, you were a great grandpa "
memo to self: must get psych homework done tonight!
oh tuesdays  how i love your long school days and hunger pangs  -sigh-
"ugh, i am just tired, i think i need to sleep for like 3 days  if only i didn't have school "
"i'm going to totally ace my math test today, this test is going down,  smile "
needs to go to bed
"as of right now, i have an 88 6% in psych 210, a 94 47% in math 92, and a 97 7% in spanish 121  yay for me!"
"jalapenos, serranos, and habaneros, oh my!"
"mikayla <propmale> turns 16 tomorrow, everybody go put things on her wall!"
is about to fall asleep because of nyquil
"woo-hoo, one class today! then i am coming home and sleeping "
"no math class today, woo-hoo!"
i'm hungry!
"be ready spokanites! the snow is coming, in fact according to khq it might be coming thursday  get your shovels ready!!"
"on't click on my previous status, it isn't real i checked, they just want you to do a quiz thing and do an offer thing or whatever, so yeah "
i want cheese!
ugh
"i am tired, considering skipping yoga today, especially since i totally spaced this morning and put on clothes that are kind of hard to do yoga in  -sigh-"
rawr
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface it will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her,you get the virus too   ! please copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes   please pass it on"
making apple pie today
i hate my winter cough it sucks
mmm  bubble-gum soda
blah!
oh the weather in spokane is frightful and cold!!
ugh chest cold
"all community colleges of spokane campuses are closed today due to snow  yay! not to mention both spokane sd and mead sd, and a bunch of others ranging from places in idaho to counties close by to spokane  geez, this was a big snow storm "
blueberry
i am so bored
night night world
"i can almost hit a good sounding c6, it is off by some cents, but it is getting there!\i can at least recognize what it sounds like and how to make it, though my voice does like to drop down to b5, but yeah  i almost have c6!"
wrist braces are a pain in the rear 
it's friday  yay!
has a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour  i'm pretty sure i know the ones that will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour  to honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer  hope to see it in your status soon  rip ? grandpa 
school is boring 
as of right now i have a 4 0 in my business grammar class  hopefully i do well on the test today so it stays there 
"ugh, sore throat and my voice is gone"
"today is the last day of finals week, then i'm off for the summer  yippeeee!"
i just opened two cans with a hammer and a knife!
 smile  boo spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? i ?haha sn???s ?no? o? ??s?d pu? ?do? ‘s??? p??? u?? no? ?i -- ?sod i ???? o? uo??u???? ??d spu???? ?? ?o ?u?? ?oh
