88d0bba9122bcda8ac5613d4e0bf82af
sleep is good      swim is better!
   if i had a mind i'd be able to answer this question   lol 
"a failed early morning fishing trip at 700am at tick holler     due to 30 degree weather, and a windchill of 20, plus a gloveless friend equated to 30 <propfemale> of no fish and a day of hanging out!"
is no longer tired!! swim practice today was great!! car is leaking radiator fluid though    
sad swim is over     and putting in job applications 
"if i got a nickel everytime i got to tell <propfirst> she should have listened id be eating caviar!!! why couldn't she wait long enough so i could get more wood??? we needed the wood to get the golf kart through the mud, but nooooo, she had to try going through anyway!! just because we have half the gap covered over, she for some reason thinks oh, we can still make it     "
"so 10 <propfemale>  later as i am ankle deep in muddy water, in tennis shoes, in this freaking weather, i am trying to lift up one side of the golf kart so she can slide the board under the tires so we can elivate the kart above the stinking muddy mud  and then she goes and loses one of her boots in the mud and i have to <propfemale> her out of the dumb mud "
"anyways, the golf kart is still down in the mud, im inside and warm, so is she, but tomorrow im gonna have to get it out        bluh      we should have just stayed in the pasture we were already sledding in  now im gonna go drink a gallon of tea because i just want to "
dosent think he can drink any more tea
is bored and outta ideas 
is tired from running for an hour for no reason 
is so excited about the act!    jk
"'s throat hurts, i was wearing a hat with a stretchy string, i stretched it to far, so the little bead thing snapped back into my <propfirst>'s apple "
is glad the act is over! beck! that was the most non-eciting thing ever!
is tired from an amazingly good weekend minus a horrid hour-long process of getting rear ended and getting a report and all sorted out 
just ingenuitively (prob  spelled wrong) used a coat hanger to suspend his exhaust pipe so he could drive again 
"       not feeling much of anything, kinda normal "
butterfinger plus keyboard = unhappy me!!!!!
wahoooooo! the shop can take my car in 2 days! much quicker fix than we were originally told!!!!
<propfemale> splints stink!
there are some stupid people that just should not drive 
wishes <propfemale> splints would die 
shackel cross     became shallcross      kinda cool 
im awake!
hurdles hurdles hurdles!!!! attack the hurdles!!! no trailing leg!!! jump!!!!
"pole vaulting    charge at a hole in the ground, put the pole down, jump and swing      much harder than it simply sounds "
is home!
is happy! idk why!
is sleepy!
thinks camping is insane    everything goes wrong 
thinks i eat too much at times 
has the return of <propfemale> splints!!! dun dun dunnnnn 
is surprised that there is so many people on that this is the first time ive had a scroll bar under the chat icon 
ug    im sore from practice  but it is survivable 
dosent want to do his forensics report     
is happy that track practice went so well 
is going fishing! wahoooo!
"fishing was great!!!! <propfirst> and i hiked way back into an inlet, and found a beaver den "
"had fun at the track meet, even though i had back to back races, which was killer  and i cleared 8'6\ in pole vaulting """
happy easter everyone!!!!
my tan line wont go away     
"went biking, and hiking and threw a log around, and hacked at some brush with a machettee, can u tell im bored?"
off to target!
is bored     i spy something blue 
"is glad we had a tough, if not a <propmale> short, track practice "
wants to make a hurdle course out back      cause i need to do better 
"'s legs hurt, and it was an easy practice too "
"found one of the baseballs from the baseball game, near his car  so i gave it to the twins so they have a new ball!"
"worked on my grandmother's flower bed, and then spread mulch in our flower beds, and then mowed     and i still have the wife beater tan line from that first day in the sun     sad "
is crazy   
just went for a bike ride 
"went out and swung on the swing with <propfirst>  we both feel sick and dizzy now from us spinning eachother, she made it like ten minutes, i did like 5 seconds "
im feeling extremely dizzy and queasy after an extreme spinning swing  fishing was great! the was a fifth grade huustler trying to sell us a chair too!
     
im hungry 
"im hungry again     and i just ate taco <propfemale>, and gondolier pizza    "
track was great today even though it rained! im frustrated with myself for getting 5th in 300 hurdles because the next 3 people only beat me by a second      and the 1st place dude just 4   
is bored
is going to stand in the rain 
"today has been jam packed, work was kinda fun though "
today is the worst day of my life 
is afraid of <propfemale> 
purple frogs!
track party was amazing!
"thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes yesterday! it was a good day, even though i got to work   smile "
"once upon a time, in a land very near to the third rock from the sun, upon the moons surface, a tribe of moonapolids walked  they dug great round craters in tribute to the flying homonids in the white spaceship  okay, im bored     lol "
swim!
i hate twilight     
swim + taco <propfemale> = really happy me 
"<propfirst>- \where do you want to go eat?\""\",8 laugh 0bba9122bcda8ac5613d4e0bf82af,swim meet tonight! hurray!
"swim meet was amazing, we didnt win, but it was a heck of a lotta fun  and everyone was great to be around  cant wait till smi "
"never hit the snooze button on your alarm, just get your sleepy self out of freaking bed "
this weekend is gonna be amazing! im so excited!
this weekend was the best weekend of my life  so much fun! gotta go again!
"yay! saturday, my day off!"
"its alive! there shall be a <propmale> b  swim team yet! \anyone who is interested should message <propmale>, and ask how they can help!"
anyone else waiting for school to start so they can sleep in a <propmale> later???
cant wait for city! gonna be great!
school! here i come!
looks like this will be a great senior year!
cross country is great!
"sooo hungry, all the time    "
enjoys being lied to 
work again at 6! anyone coming to see a movie?
swim needs to start soon!!
anyone hungry?
sure! i was just meaning she'd get mad 
thinks that being happy all the time is wonderful 
wahoooo!
had a great time at the bonfire last night 
yay work!
bed time!
so cross country and taco <propfemale> was one of the best nights ever!
getting chased by dogs every time i ride a bike is not fun  especially when i have to go by several times 
work work work  yet i enjoy it 
north <propfemale>!!!!! 1 more day! aaaaaaa!
my hip flexor hurts feels like somebody is stabbing it everytime i move it 
"gotta love fall, its just perfect "
rc cola+moonpies+great people+great movie+pizza= great night!
today was great! one of the best days ever!
"a 4 day break from school, filled with 4 days of work! it was still great!"
and another great weekend comes to an end!
"i overcame my fear of heights for the first time today! i actually finished the climbing tower 3 times, rather than quitting halfway through  "
"here in this croud im feeling all alone, turn me around and point me back to home, getting lost more every day, and i cant tear myself away, from the stars in my eyes with no light, here are my terms, have some faith in me, and i'll let you be who you want to be who you need to be, life on the <propfemale> couldn't be any stranger \gotta love <propfirst> cook "
"work is like a zombified trance where i robotically fill popcorn bags and drink cups, and try to sell buckets  its great though!\     "
"so, this thing called life     its great  just thought everyone should know "
risk       not good at 142 am
"loves great days that shouldn't end  but, can't wait till the next one!"
"yum, rootbeer float  almost as good as the moonpie and rc cola i had earlier "
"you and i, in a little toy shop, buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got, sat down free at the break of <propfemale>, till one by one, they were gone  back at base bugs in the software flash the message somethings out there, floating in the summer sky, 99 red balloons go by   best song ever    no matter who sings it, or in whichever language its in "
i just wanna take the exams! is that too much to ask for? does anyone think so? go away snow!
and of course swim is cancelled! not fair! i need some rc cola and moonpies    
just took a bike ride      i don't reccomend that anyone else should go    25degrees is too cold    
im such a risk nerd 
such a great day 
"whyyyyy! why won't it just magically be fixed?? well, its kind of fun to work on, but oh so frustrating "
"snow! play! play in snow! \snow way out \snow off \snow freaking way you don't find these jokes funny "
so hungry   why wont my stomach ever be happy with what it gets? why is it so greedy?
"so, snow + me = ideas      like, igloo! yay!\it isn't done, and it is really cold on the toes "
its done!
"me: school? it isn't cancelled? yay! i get to learn something!\mean friend: why would you want to start learning now after 17 years of not learning?"
so my igloo collapsed   sad 
"6 hours till i wake up, 45 minutes after carpool, 45 minutes after the carpool arrival at ut  kisl swim meet baby! wahoooooo!"
"best day ever  im so tired  we dropped 47 seconds off our 400 freestyle relay! between coffee, a bread shop, kisl, wild wings, and a crazy car ride; im beyond happy "
"yay! now i have work, im sorry homework "
"swimming on the willam blount swim team has been the best four years of my life  i would have gone insane without it  thank you team  thank you <propmale>, and thank you <propmale> "
"<propfemale>, i think the risk addiction is back   smile  darn game "
ug  10 days till hurdles      sad  why can't it be 1 or 2?
wahooooo! packers!
"so          6 days  until absolute joy  come rain, sleet, snow, hail, tornado, earthquake, tsunami, or nuclear holocaust, i will hurdle "
so     im just going to say it is 5 days now    even though 5 days is an hour away 
yay! work time!
4 days!
3 days!
2 days!
1 day!
"soccer at the park with friends, good stuff   smile "
"so, i should be asleep     buuuuuuuuttttt        oh well "
it's time for an eagles relapse 
work totally has my sleep clock off track  i wish i was sleepy 
please oh please have the pole vault pit out tomorrow!
"why do today what you can put off till tomorrow? well, tomorrow is when it's due     work time!"
yay  sleep time 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  anyone else ever get that feeling?
"c'mon 30 degrees? there goes a midnight run  hmm, might eat a pop-tart instead "
"work again, on stimulus tuesday    which means filling tons of little bags of dollar popcorn     fun stuff "
"cloudy cool day, good stuff "
orange 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! can't wait for the meet tomorrow! too excitied to sleep!
great ending to a rather dull day 
track meet of epic proportions tomorrow  it is going to be great 
"yeah! good meet! got first in 300 hurdles and won a shirt  had like 13 teams there  let the 4x400 down with second though  sorry guys  but chili's was awesome too! hey, <propfirst> albright       i just clicked a pen and set it down "
