1586e8de28b382098cd52b52eca9021f
has opened up a new chapter in the book of enlightenment
writing a paper about me     anyone care to describe?
i love ramen
should be doing my outline
going to write history for new dnd character  laugh 
omg i'm alive
would yo be willing to murder an innocent person if it would end hunger in the world?
just incase anyone get's anything about a video from me don't open it some ass hacked my account
"mahna, mahna"
i have twenty four boxes of tagalongs in my closet
twenty three boxes of tagalongs in my closet
almost done
22 boxes of tagalongs in my closet
making music  smile 
i wonder if you have a facebook?
i lost the game
what should i write a song about?
become a fan of my new <propfemale>  laugh 
join my fan <propfemale>!  laugh  it's only a little egotistical
i luv mah <propfemale> fans!
wasting time blink-182  smile 
is bald
that's a little creepy laugh 
little shop of horrors  smile 
going to bed    will be <propmale> of the pool tomorow
"went to little shop of horrors, again   smile "
i lost the game
really hoping this cold doesn't cut into my weekend
did <propfemale> <propfirst>
had second brakefast
<propmale> has a kid
anyone with jones know what's due tomorow?
wrote some blog stuff
lets burn down something beautiful    so please understand this isn't goodbye  this is i can't stand you
just shot ale
just woke up  from a five hour nap        
why would they take my shoes?!?
i'm not used to being alone on saturday night 
last ap test tomorow  smile 
i think it would be ironic if we were all made of iron 
got home today and my xbox 360 wouldn't turn on     now i have a ps3
8436
i don't understand <propmale> of the w<propmale>l spam!
"self sacrifice is more of a state of mind, as opposed to an action"
just beat metal gear solid 4     again
just talked to <propfirst> beiber
wants everyone to know that if they really care about my b day that they should buy me an enzo ferrari
gonna wake up at 7 tomorrow   
"now more than ever, i need everyone to stick it to the man! stick it to the man until there is no more man "
can anyone tell me who <propfirst> laflam is???
can't fall asleep        going to try again at 11 smile 0
"adjectives on a typewriter, he moves his words like a prize fighter"
cried like a baby
life is only as difficult as you see it as
anyone play mag?
sooooooooooooooooooo sick
home
just got home        time to write a paper!
"not only did i get to finish my proposal tonight, but i get to wake up i 5 hours! also i get to prepare for the homecoming dance!  laugh   laugh   laugh   sad "
homecoming was awesome
someone help me out     i forgot the music theory site
maybe if i go to bed now i won't be falling asleep in calculus
do you love your pineapple?
finally getting around to importing blink-182 cds to my ps3
"for an all-e playful ense-paid, one-week vacation anywhere in the world, whold you be willing to kill a butterfly by pulling off its wings?"
would you be willing to murder an innocent person if it would end world hunger?
wow    finally the mag developers realized there was a game freezing problem     maybe it'll get taken care of
on and on reckless abandon!
i am an idea   and idea's are bulletproof
just beat god of war 3
"<propfemale> <propfemale> where are you tonight? and, who's layin' there by your side? every night i fall a sleep with you, and i wake up alone   laugh  love blink-182"
really happy about changing my language on facebook to pirate
food-coma
"if i can't wish for more wishes, can i wish for more genies?"
nutella    win
"every time i sovle my rubiks cube it makes me sad, because i'm not solving it anymore "
"i hit puppies with kittens, i hate children"
"my most recent foe, the assassin, has been defeated  now i shall move on to none other than the great dragon  i feel the journy will be long and perilous  not to be far different from the days of the lost odyssey  the cake is a lie!"
is bald
foxy shazam has changed my life
starting the revolution
i think this storm was sent to test my sanity    i can game only so much
just read the hellsing manga all of the way through     again     mind (still) = blown
my warped is looking like it's going  be really good 
dubstep?
"listening to \you and i\"" by <propfemale> michaelson on repeat"""
jesus christ pepper is going to warped!
"in the words of undercover brother, i got to get my cool back "
