7d3def4a060fa43cec3120d22648e1ef
i'm having a rough time trying to figure out what im suppose to do   
kinda blank     hmmmm
hmm  a brand new day   what to do     i gotta find a way to k-town   
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so that you can learn how to let go  things go wrong, so that you appeciate them when they're right  you believe lies so you can eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together "
omg i will never pick strawberries again    for only $4 bucks a flat    sorry the back pain is not worth it!! but least i made enough for a game card for world of warcraft      woohoo here i come w o w!!!!
"i got the \jimmy\"" back!!!  now i need a amp     anyone got one for sale?? please  laugh  atleast a 1000 watt       """
living in manistee now      in my new apartment      its amazing     whats better than going to the beach like everyday  laugh 
omg thanks everyone!!!!    wish it was little better    but hey gotta make it the best you can!!!    love 
hmm i'm 20 years old     now what     
hmm today is pretty dark and boring     d=     ugh
blah blah blah           borded
oo i think i need to recover from lastnight    my head is still fuzzy     pfft thanks alot ang! =p
sleepy  sad 
ugh another day         laugh  so bored
" yawn   what to do, what to do?"
ugh just great     what the hell am i gonna do now?!?!   im screwed d=
hunger need food      d=
gonna go hide in the couch        annoyed 
rawrrrrr  laugh         blah yea im bored  smile 
"if you don't like something, change it  if you can't change it, change your attitude "
man    i wish i had some         rootbeer!!!!!!!
sigh gotta deal with my mom and dad in court today    should be interesting  sad 
roar      my house is nice and clean! sigh waiting on <propmale> to get home from work  bored!!!
bad night    but hopefully today is better!!!
pfft so much for me gettin a new car     so fucked up    ><
woohoo hookin my subs in the jeeps    hehe its gonna sounds fuckin bad!  laugh 
subs in the jeep sound amazing!!!
got a interview at the casino at noon    woot wish me luck!!!!!!!
interview went very well    gotta call back next wednesday   smile  hopefully i get the job     laugh 
sleepyyyyy
sigh now what?
blah        im fuckin bored   
"love the moment  flowers grow out of dark moments  therefore, each \moment is vital  it affects the whole  life is a succession of such \moments and to live each, is to succeed "
omg <propmale> took my phone and im fuckin bored!
"new day and new shit to deal with     but had one hell of a night!!  laugh \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008"
"looking for a pet    anyone got some kittens?  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008"
wish i could find someone with some kittens    d=
dam it    need game time for wow ><
woot got my cold tattoo!
holy fuck     its rainy and <propfemale>    oo
it's <propmale> birthday    yup that means we are gonna party tonight    hehe  i love you babe!!!
<propmale> is graduating youthbuild today     smile 
another monday    going to work with dustin   putting siding up    fun fun
world of warcraft is shattering today    oo deathwing is here    fuck!!!
home sweet home    woot clean house!!!  laugh 
im loving the snow    and (wow) cataclysm!!!!
woot got a new phone!!
lady's and gentlemen     i wash my hands off this weirdness
i need music       to set free    to let me bleed
ugh all out of game time for wow      sad 
omfg    thank you mom    got wow back!!!
d= sleepy    first day of mental toughness  and well   i actually really enjoyed it =p
"day #2 for mental toughness    and it was great, but my phone is a pos    need to replace it     ><  stressful day   "
day #3 mental toughness    got out early woot but it was good  smile  making a lot of new friends
ugh got a nasty cold and i gotta get up early for another day of mental toughest     i hope i feel better  sad 
i hate being sick     it sucks!!!  sad 
day #4 mental toughness      (me=fail)  too sick today      sad 
day #5 mental toughness     went half of the day    still really sick      sad 
"war is known to change a man, \\and the whiskeys known to change a man\\but that’s not me \\i rarely drink from the bottle\\but i’ll smoke a little weed "
day #7 of mental toughness went awesome    tomorrow is the big day    i hope everyone makes it    hopefully i make it    laugh 
day #8 mental toughness     today everyone got to find out if they got chosen or not    i wanna wish the best of luck to the ones who didn't make it    but guess who's part of youthbuild 2011   laugh   laugh   laugh  woot
such a long day    ready to relax    -_-
woot snow day   
woot got my phone back    dont have no ones number tho     least i got my phone     haha
had one hell of a night  it was great  almost like old times  toasty we gotta do that again next weekend  lol
for the horde!!  smile 
ugh feel like crap    going back to bed  sad 
woot lvl 79 and got epic flying woot    time for bed    night
going ice fishing  smile 
omg i need to to clean my house  time for everyone to go home  grrrr  love  thank you for understandin this morning    love  you!
ugh have to go the the doctors     blah wellston med fails    always takes forever  annoyed 
home from work    but its civic service time  sad 
is very sleepy  annoyed 
so far been up since 4 smile 0 am and only got like 2 and half hours of sleep  had to drive all the way to grayling to get there by 8   so lame   lol
someone list me some good songs to download      smile 
going to the dog party    wooot
uggh anyone got a extra xbox controller i can bum for a couple days   smile 
why always after havin a amazing awesome day    the next usually always sucks    blah    guess its life   
i love snow days    i got to clean my house     smile 
woot blizz sent me a free authenticator for w o w   laugh 
woot got some wow time    and omg people suck!
for the horde  love    got my blood elf pally level 85     woot
time for sleep    8 o'clock comes fast     d= blah
"sigh    same shit, different day   "
there isnt nothing a <propfemale> bottle rocket can't fix      joyful 
"horrible    just a horrible day    hope things get better, so far maybe   "
i wanna enjoy this nice sunshine     but nothing to do    anyone wanna kick it and do something??   laugh 
someone come chill and <propfemale> out with me?  laugh   i wanna do something   !!
woot its friday and i got paid   oh yea!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"you're so endearing, you're so beautiful,\well i don't look like they do, and i don't love like they do\but i don't hate like they do\am i ever on your mind?"
going to tc to get my hair did    ill post pics   smile 
omg we got thunder snow   
snow rain and thunder    sigh  where is my sunshine?!?!
watching full metal alchemist with my <propfemale>!  love 
