d1b28462153c5f154a6a5f9db3a86b15
"im on ur computer, eating all ur cookies"
is too busy hateing on haters to talk to u      
"is getting pissed at his alarm clock's blinking, but is too tired to set the right time "
"nothing is on my mind facebook, stop asking!"
"its too much, its just too much t-t"
"is stuck in the interweb, please bring scissors and save him  surprise "
bored out of my mind  anyone feel like talking?
t-t
in case u ppl havent heard    im gonna be an uncle! go <propfirst>!!!!!!
wishing something other than <propfirst> <propmale> was on the tv in hospital waiting room  its pure torture! how dose such an old man have such a deep voice anyway?
"<propmale> <propfirst> hart is born ladies and gentalmen  gave everyone a scare but, its alive! my little brother's son is born, regoice!"
"owwww, my back is killing me, i think its time for bed now "
"-developing story- <propmale>'s ghost was alegedly sighted at disney world today  reports of other dead celebs have also surfaced of late  these spirits were apparently busily involved in activites such as annoncing <propfemale> landings and dancing dirty  e playful erts are not yet sure if these \phamous phantoms\"" are connected to the echoing of the song \""holy diver\"" in the rock and roll hall of fame """
"all in all it was a a pretty good day folks  a <propmale> akward, but getting out of the house and hanging put me in an awsome mood  laugh "
"back hurting, friends sleeping, bored, back hurting more "
"omg, for a minet there i was 100% conviced i had a tail! i dont know y, but i suddenly got this weird feeling in my head and body that i had a friggen tail! it feels like what i assume phantom limb syndrom dose  really freaked out right now, almost to the point where i keep checking to see if i have sprouted a new body part ever five minets  save me!!!!"
"eh, tried  really tired  long day  gonna go to bed    i think  yah im gonna go to bed, but ill hurry before i change my mind     or my mind changes me   "
wow  devo was on the colbert report  their hats are blue now! they are promoting their new album i guess lol 
really bored  just got done studying for my class 
writing my paper and fulling with envy for those that are out for the summer 
yah    carmax used a dramatic chimpmunk reference    really?
its better to have loved and lost    then have to live with that bitch the rest of my life!
thinks that anything that cant be fixed with duct tape is a lost cause 
anyone wanna go out to eat later or something? bored as all hell in here   
might be going to the mall in a bit  if ya see me there i might grab ya something to eat or see a movie er something if havent spent the money yet  laugh 
"well, as i sit here reflecting on my past few years, ive come to realize something  extended exsposer to my friends has led to several irational fears, such as any amount of cookies over 49 and glass bottles  however, they have since become very funny inside jokes that resurface once about every month  laugh "
"was looking through my room today and found the strangest thing    a silver coin with the ten commandments engraved on it  im not even christan o-0   btw, weird coinsidence, the bible is the most stolen book of all time! another realted weird thing is that the word weird is one of the only english words that dosnt follow the i before e rule  weird right?"
"well, night fb  yah i cant do it    who the fu@! says goodnight to a website anyway! either way, night to the ppl on fb  heres to hoping u always sleep as good as the night before and ur days never get worse than their predicesors  aim low kids  wink  ied wish ya long life to but for some of u that might be a curse  play me off   "
"ok, i know i said goodnight about ten minets ago, but one last thing  ppl who cant tell the diffrence between a question and a statment bug me -_-  ex  would u like to see a movie? (thats a questions) ex  lets see a movie? ( thats a statement with a contextualy cofusedbquestion <propfirst> at the end!) thats all u need for common sense lit 101, study tests tomorrow!"
"happy 4th ppl  to celebrate heres an imaginary gopher bomb, so frag someone elses imagination with it "
"well everyone in here has driffted to sleep  everyone but me that is, cant sleep  weve had a power outage here for about 6 hours now  its just me and the candle at this point, and he isnt much of a conversationalist  if u have my # text it, the candle is getting kinda old   "
cant sleep   
"in all the s&!t of our daily lives we forget the great lives we have lived, the things weve had the <propmale> to do and the ppl weve met along the way  ive camped for months, ive kayaked in tidal oceans, ive been to concerts, i saw momuments in d c , ive seen whales,i spent a day in a sawna, ive seen a month at sea, ive floated down river rapids in an inflatable bed! heres to the ppl who make life worth living "
"it bothers me how many ppl think they have crappy lives  a breakup with a boyfriend of 2 weeks is not a reason to slit wrists, if ur only problem is a curfem u should probly put down the noose, and if u havent seen ur girlfriend in 2 days pills and whisky is not ur solution  if u really think ur pitiful problems are so important the go ahead and pull the trigger so we dont have to hear ur cries for attention anymore "
apparently my old boy scout leader was just arrested for child pornography o-0  wow lol!
"blue oyster cult was beyond awsome  epic times 2,055+ 700 to the ulitmet power  epic solos on every innstrument  if ued seen itm ued know  they played all the songs i wanted to hear "
ive probly got more sonic boom in my veins right now than godzilla has in his throught  i dont fear the reaper cause after tonight i can die happy  boc light this city on flames with ur godly rock cause i fucking burn for you!!!!!
"owww, headache first thing in the morning "
i think im gonna start a crusade against certain types of ppl  or individuals  not sure yet  i guess that sometimes in the absence of love you just need someone to hate 
tomorrow is my last day of school    yay!
"i think i have found a new species of insect  it can stay in the same place for hours without twiching and looks like a green leaf in color and wingspan  it also has the body of a catapillar, wings of a b-fly and kinda like a moth  i took pics of it a month 2 back cause ied never seen anything like it  tonight i saw the same insect, but it was red this time and not green  i took pics  opinions on what it could be?"
"if insomnia keeps pwning me i think im gonna become a night watchmen, or a bat "
dont look now but geoffs got his fro stuck in the fan again    omg he just knocked over the candle    damn it the dinning rooms on fire           o holy hell the children    the chilldrennnn!!!! geoff what have u done!?!?!
"u, u dont undastand mam   "
fact: there is more church attendence and church in politics then back in the days of the founding fathers  fact: a main contributer to bush's reelection was an overly christian republican  party called the religous right who vote soly on who has better religous values  christian religon in the us is electing officals who are pro-war and anti-gay rights  fight it 
"just saw the weirdest sign placement  there was a sign that said \we accept food stamps\"" and then right under that it said \""adult movies ($11) buy one get one free\""  laugh """
"is it just me, or does it seem that when some people touch a keyboard or phone they imediatly forgor almost everything they know about puntuation?"
"we found umpteen baby bunnies in the garden  ones dead, ones not looking to well    the others are friggen bouncin all over the box "
i was just vicously attacked by an ice cube   
we are gonna kick the living shit out of that grass! you know who you are 
finaly took my revenge on the ice cube 
my phone is randomly likeing and unlikeing things  stupid touchscreen 
"pretty cool night with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, kait, <propmale>, gerb and <propmale>  oh amd thanks to chels and <propfirst>  wink   just got back, now sleep "
a parade is one hell of an alarm clock   
well    my foots caught in the radiator so guess where im sleeping tonight    t-t life sucks 
"well, after over a half hour im free from the radiator  thanks to the two ppl who cared   "
"damn it  just woke up, i think im going back to sleep  ill wake up tonight, not ready to be up yet "
bored   
urggg  its so friggen load here with the screaming    anyone wanna talk?
can't sleep latly   
so bored lol 
"my ex is being a complet bitch  thats ok, shes like a cheap vodka, she burns less the 2ed time "
guess whos in the hospital again lol  me  thats y <propmale> beat me to it and congratz to <propmale> 
"thank god im outta there  really freaky day, they thought i had damaged heart tissue or a puntctured lung  they had me on o2 tubes, ekg moniteringm and nitroglycerine "
if theres a bright side to todays hospital ordeal its that im wiped enough to go to bed at a normal time tonight  as in now 
"if people dont stop forwarding me those stupid chain texts, ill make my own, except ill follow through with the threat!"
so bored yet still unable to sleep  anyone awake and talking?
so i took a shower and then was imediatly compelled by the ocd in my to clean that disgusting grill  so now i smell of shampoo and hamburgers  fml
tonight wasnt half bad  smile 
woke up on the floor of chelseas room and completly forgot how i got there for a second :-0  scary 
fob thanks for the memories
might be moving to wallingford or <propfirst> in the comeing weeks 
"well i called <propfemale> at 10 this morning and we baked <propmale> a cake  during the batter makeing for the 4 teir cake wich is choclate and yellow cake i tried cleaning a mixing bowl with a wooden spoon  it did not work  we had many epic faliures makeing it, including cheleas idea to mix coloring in a plastic bag  but we finnaly just surprised <propmale> with cake  yay "
watching prez confrence in a few <propfemale>  hes ending combat operations in iraq and bringing alot of troops home 
"i may not agree with everything he says, but it was a pretty good speech "
"so tired, already done so much today, and have so much left to do   "
"ians a prostitute, going rate is 60 paid to ke in full    go forz it ppl "
"ever been so bored and sad that you feel like its raining on you inside your own house, but then you realize its just another leak in ur cealing, but then ur just as sad but suddenly not so bored anymore cause you realize that now you have something to do?"
woke up and thought my house was burning down  i rushed my ass downstairs only to figure out a humidifier had been running and made a bunch of steam wich i thought was smoke through my fogged glasses  how delightful 
"do gay guys find the song \love and marrige\"" offensive?"""
"nooooooooo! i knew shed die eventualy but not this soon  she was a fighter, <propmale> on dispite how old she was  shed been haveing promblems for awhile now and i just ignored it  i didnt have a <propmale> to say goodbye  my xbox died!!! the disk tray wont open and ive been haveing red rings for an hour now, its time to call it doc  i needz a grief counsler!"
driving for the first time since my accident today  be careful glass walls and inocent cashiers 
just recived an important email but there is a problem  its written almost completly in <propmale>    he could use some translation help   
"my family came here on the mayflower, founded hartford and fought for the north in the cival war so i cant help but ask    y am i living in this cruddy house? errr "
"head hurts, long day today, longer one tomorrow "
"\who calls eight times on a saturday morning?\"" \""zakk it's wensday   \"" \""shut up i'm trying to sleep \"""""
i just learned that <propmale> used to deficate in mcdonalds playscapes and watch other kids smell it and laugh 
bored and tired   
something weird just happened    eh o well 
painting part of the house while listening to living la <propfemale> loca on the radio and so many ppl are stareing  laugh 
bored  anyone wanna talk?
"another celebrity has died so barack can live (inside joke)  anyway, peace giraldo "
fails with directions   
zakk also fails at fire safty -_-
and pot pies   
"ever been driving when u feel like ur gonna pass out, then you hit a tree? then u realize u werent driving, u were dreaming and griping ur pillow like a wheel? and u didnt crash, u just fell out of bed and slammed ur head on ur nightstand? and just as u realize uve lost a little too much blood u pass out?"
did anything ever hurt u so bad it hit u so suddenly and powerfuly that it felt like u just got shot?
"what about \i dont like you\"" dont you understand  stop calling my phone """
i just realized that when i'm 33 my brother sister will be 15  laugh 
"just got back from the doctors  they stuck me with three needles and more to come  laugh   so best case is that ive got really bad anxiety, worst case is ive got a combo of diabeties and a failing heart and im as good as gone at 17  fingers crossed pplz! oh, and soon ill have a fancy new heart monitor    yay! cause everyone likes a cyborg right? if u cant tell im in a pretty crappy mood -_-"
my hands amd feet keep going numb and it feels like there is a vice grip on my chest   
"\im like a baby youre like a cat  when we get happy we bolth get fat\""  laugh """
"\thats one hell of a pie\"""""
ive had 2 hours of sleep in the past three days  im running pretty much on empty    coffee time!
"been a busy day already, school 6-9"
"if i was an idiot google maps would have just killed me  it told me that in order to get from my house to <propfemale> i should \step 25  kayak across the pacific ocean\""  great advice google lol """
going for my tilt table test soon 
tilt table test was not fun    but i have a diagnosis finaly 
"everything you do to better yourself will inevitably have a downfall  you can e playful ress yourself and be judged, or pose and feel fake  confess you feelings and be shunned and ignored, or bottle them and hate yourself  keep you secrets and be parinoid, or tell them and be vunerable  only you can decide what is worth the loss  be loved? or love yourself?"
its just wet enough outside for the air to be refreshing 
"i feel like i'm not where i'm ment to be right now  like i should definatly be somewhere else but i don't know where  i havent changed, but something definatly isn't the same   "
pizza and a movie 
"across the universe was an awsome movie  great night tonight, glad i stayed home  night pplz "
no school tonight 
"probably heading to bed early tonight, to bored to stay up  laugh "
"school soon  mas in the hospital, and im bored out of my mind home alone  great day   "
"the last thing i remebered was washing my hair, then the next thing i know im being woken from a sound sleep to cold water  guess i accidentaly got clean and well rested at the same time    win?"
"\thats the most badass rainbow ive ever seen\"""""
just got a hand carved wooden sculpture of a hand makeing a peace sign 
"school in an hour and a half, not in a good mood "
"ive got an idea for a new gameshow  pick any other gameshow(for this a example we will use survivor) and put them in a settinging simialr to the show (we will put our survivor winner on a deserted island) and leave them alone  ill call it \now do it for real @zzho!l\"""""
"great night tonight, lots of ppl, lots of fun  learned how to use roller skates    to a degree    ill sleep well  thanks for the fun times, love u all "
"just got plato's \republic\"" and <propfirst> <propmale>'s \""origin of species\"" (a k a  \""on the origin of species by means of natural selection\"") so i'll be reading for awhile methinks """
"today i'm craving two things  they bolth can not be touched or held  bolth will inevitably hurt me and someone else, but be tremendously satisfying while they last  bolth can be good or bad, depending on the point of veiw  for what do i thirst?"
tired
would anyone mind teaching me to read sheet music?
i've smoked for years now  it's time to quite  no more cigarettes for me  smile 
"got your back <propfirst>, bitches be crazy "
"since everyone seems to be in a crappy fucking mood tonight this mourning let me extend these few words of my condolences  some of you tonight have lost a significant other due to your diffrences, some have lost a friend due to an unfortunate passing, and some have lost a little bit more of their sanity due to the drama and stress and day to day life  for all of you, i'm sorry for your loss "
not feeling well  >~<
not doing so well  its looking to be a terrible week  texts would be cool   
can't find his damn tie -_-
tv: <propfirst> malloy has closed all state courts for the day  me: mabey my luck really is turning around  woot!
my back is killing me -_-
its ppl like you that make me glad i can take my glasses off and be blind for a little while 
gonna try to get some sleep now  the insomnia has been worse latly and i have this funny feeling that tomorrow isnt exactly going to be a sunshiny day   
"been trying to sleep for well over three hours now  if i don't fall alseep soon, i'm going to have to resort to drastic measures    ie  baseball bat upside the head "
"so at like 7 smile 0 this morning a woman comes to my house and asks me if i found jesus yet  did i say: a) yeah hes on my couch turning water into vodka, b) why? is there a reward? or c) yeah he's in my basment rocking out to \don't stop beliving\""?"""
"well, it was a really akward mall friday, followed by a sleepless night close behind a busy saturday  how fun "
finaly found that damn tie  laugh 
"not feeling great, and honestly loving it  ive never slept so well  can i stay sick forever?"
damn you tie  i shall master you!!!!!!!!!!
finaly has a job
so apprently im on the back pourch for a few hours locked out while my parents are at an auto show of some sort  thanks for the memo <propfirst>   
"busy day tomorrow  set my alarm clock to the correct time for the first time in over a year  shame that, i was so used to it's blinking "
my first day of work is complete  im sore everywhere  ill do it again tomorrow and be even more sore  laugh 
less than three hours to recover from work untill school  busy day  i feel like a wrek and look like a mess but im oddly    happy 
"ok, if u write a serious text or update, do not e playful ect me to take u seriously if u put an emotocon right after it  ur imaturity astounds me  laugh "
gaming with my lil bro  just like old times  smile 
ate way too much  need tea to calm the stomach     lots of tea 
"well now, things just got interesting "
"its been 11 months and u pick now to apologize? either u had an a sudden guilt attack or u want something  either way, it spells trouble for me   "
*i fall down the stairs* mom: are you ok? me: i think i hit my head pretty bad my vision is blurry i can't see you! mom: zakk you knocked ur glasses off in the fall  me: ooohhhhh   
i have come to a great truth  this ends tonight 
moveing into my new apartment this sunday  in two days i will finaly be on my own  smile 
is finaly on his own  moved in and relaxing on the couch with my friend roomate boss <propmale> 
you would not belive the day i'm haveing   
my room finaly contains more than just an air matress and lamp  smile 
and the countdown to 19 begins   
there are currently three jamacins in my house!!!!
"in pain, and so tired    o well, time to work  laugh "
not being able to fall asleep is amazing    
"insomnia my old friend, its good to see you, its been so long  you have amazing timeing, i was just thinking about how i would love some company about now!"
