cb3cb29ba759a6bfed29aec9c39ccacb
"quicks the word and sharps the action  after all, the surprise is on our side "
thouroughly enjoyed watching the thunderstorm through her window last night 
is leaving for missouri early saturday morning and will miss all of you greatly 
is in missouri!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the water is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
has a headache  oh the joy 
yay!!!! <propfemale> is here!!!!
is super tired after last night
is lonely 
"\i don't know  i don't speak wind \""                                                                     -<propmale> from ice age 3"""
is all packed for awanita and cant wait to leave!
thinks 1 <propfirst> 3 smile -4 is a very encouraging passage of srcipture for young ladies in this day and age 
is so thankfull!!! margs surgery is over and she is staying the night in the hospitol  she is recovering very well and the nodule was benign  thanks for your prays 
is at amandas house!!!
is disappointed 
is totally super excited and cant wait for the 21st of august!!!!
didnt get nearly enough sleep last night 
watched <propfemale> finish her graphite drawing of a beautiful horse
shool just started this morning  im kind of sick all ready
birthday tomorrow  woohoo 
"\live without the sunlight  love without your haertbeat \""  -<propfirst> bowie"""
"\y'know?\"""""
had a doctors appointment today  glad its over with  they had to prick my finger 
 smile  is happy  smile 
is disappionted   sad 
bleah  school 
is home alone
is waiting
<propmale> headache
its just different
is stunned
is scaring herself
doesnt know
is deleriously happy!!!
"\who's the fairest in the land\"" games don't always turn out so nice """
just wok up 30 minutes ago 
"\it seemed he never coul redeem from such a steadfast spell his ladys eyes   \"""""
yo det<propfemale>r <propfemale> lengua
is fortunate that she is not in college or she wouldnt be sitting perusing facebook 
"\a leaf falls here and there  no one notices till the tree is bare \"""""
has to read fifteen pages of the most boring history book in world
is leaving on monday
flavisham!
"ow!!! sheep, you lied!!!"
"\are you sure this wont in any way emancipate me from my ridiculous striped pants?\"""""
is glad that she is back from charelston 
"school is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect  but nobody's perfect, so why practice?"
had more fun than i thought i would at the fall festival  pehaps it was due to seeing some une playful ected faces   laugh 
"\my brother! canst thou sommon up th every rocks?\"""""
every time i'm down you can make it right and that makes you larger then life 
is thankfull for the rain 
is saying thank you to all the veterans 
         stupid headache       stupid sickness           stupid stupid stupid 
beta beat <propfemale> on saturday! yay!!! 4 to 1!
that whispering sound you hear when snow falls is actually the sighing cry of dying snowflakes 
all of my family are hypocrites  but not me  i admit that i'm a hypocrite and don't try to deny it 
statuses are overated  and of course thats why i put up a status 
going to the turkey bowl!!! soccor is so fun!
beta beat basilion!!! the rest of my fam is not so happy with the outcome   laugh 
thanksgiving break starts tomorrow!!!
happy birthday <propfemale> and happy thanksgiving!
thanksgiving beak!!!
cried when i watched master and commander last night 
is undecided 
whatever
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just missed seeing a cyote run across the yard 
is so ready for christmas break
doesn't like the dark the very much 
"95% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> bieber at the top of a skyscraper about to jump  copy and paste this if you are part of the 5% that would sit there with popcorn and a camera and yell \do a flip\""    """
tomorrow is my last day of school!!!
has one more exam tomorrow before schools out for christmas break!!! please pray for me  it's geometry    
just finished school  had to take a geometry exam  oh the excitement 
is delightfully surprised!
just got my hair cut  now i have bangs!
is loving the fringe
is feeling like the <propfemale> of the blah's 
knows she shouldn't be feeling like this so near christmas but she is 
is feeling good and can't wait for christmas!
"\it may be raining but theres a rainbow above you  you better let somebody love before its too late \"""""
"\name a shrub after me  something dangerous and prickly and hard to eradicate \"""""
is kind of underwhelmed
is watching her sisters make a quilt-excitement 
"started school today and read two whole books, one half book, and another half book, all for fun "
feels like she could very well be the banana <propmale> 
would rather chew glass 
if a picture paints a thousand words then why can't i paint you?
"\come down off your <propfemale>  fortress stong bad--------------- a unicorn is waiting for you at a rainbow bridge           \"" you get fench fries!!!! you get french fries!!!!! you don't get french fries!!!!!"""
i spent all day yesterday helping dad redo our side porch and my back is killing me
"\the government that governs best governs least \"""""
when you say you love me the world goes still so still inside and when you say you love me for a moment i know why i'm alive 
has come to a sudden realization that has amazingly lifted my spitits!
"i don't believe in <propfirst> pan, frankenstien, or superman  all i want to do is-bycicle! bycicle!!!"
is sure she is forgetting something but can't remember what      oh yes!!! she cut <propfemale>'s hair today! it's above her <propfemale> and looks amazing!
scored a 120 today at bowling 
cant do the stupid science fair board!!!!!!!! and its due thursday!!! grrrrrr!
bleah                                                                      science 
won the first place ribbon in the science fair today  now i can stop stressing over it 
just about froze my toes off at my sisters soccor games 
get to see my big sis today!
spending the night at my granparents  homeschooling sure has its perks 
"\nonsense! your only saying that because no one ever has \"""""
wishes  she knew the words to the song of the entwives 
us watching lotr again 
usually finds great inspiration in the lotr movies  not so today apparently  everything i write is awfll  maybe i'll try drawing    
will hopefully soon have 89 friends instead of only 88 
is watching survivor  the villians just won a challenge 
is being spectator for a debate between my imaginary friends and the voices in my head  be jealous  be very jealous 
i feel quite left out 
there never was a tale of greater woe then that of <propfemale> and her <propmale> 
but the man who are signed of the cross of christ go gaily in the dark 
is reading about hondo <propfirst> 
the <propfemale> is not made of green cheese  it's made of cake  a common misconception but it's easily corrected 
babe i'm leaving  must be on my way  the time is drawing near 
i'll take any risk to tie back the hands of time and stay with you here to night 
"those \nyahs\"" get down in your stomach and fester """
just got back from the easter service  it was amazing 
"deep into that darkness peering, long i stood there,wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before "
"i almost have all of the <propfemale> memorized! just in time too, i have to perform it in two weeks "
"oh frabjous day! callou, callay!"
what? a llama? he's supposed to be dead!
if the phantom of the opera can't get it's a small world out of his head he is going to freak out
whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you   stranger 
those who seek wisdom in old age is like a <propfirst> in the sand  those who seek wisdom in youth is like an inscription on stone 
i just don't understand people who like summer  it's hot and boring and there is absoutely nothing to do  sure you can have friends over but only if they all happen to be free when you are 
a less perceptive person would think i was insane 
why does summer have to be so hot?!?!
"\i am exhaused from living up to your e playful ectations \"""""
a  b  and the c  of d 
"as bobo says, \the crazy swedes are back in branson!\"""""
do you know why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
lovely  just lovely 
i will be leaving for missouri next morning  bye
i'm getting all my hair chopped off at two this afternoon!
"i'm waiting for the right time, for the day i catch your eye, to let you know that i'm yours to hold "
i'm back! hold the applause 
take yourself to higher places!
can't wait till wednesday!
actually i don't have to wait till weds! it all ready happened!
"new car, caviar, four <propfemale> daydream    "
from the corner of my eye there is a tear i'm trying to cry 
"i wonder what tomorrow has in mind for me, or am i even in it's mind at all    "
can you feel the phoenix rising?
doesn't start school till the 23!
i just finished  making the most amazing chocolate chip cookies 
"life is an ocean, love is a boat  in troubled waters it keeps us afloat "
first day of school and already finished  go home schoolers!
can't think of anything to say    
'cause i'd get a thousand hugs from ten-thousand lightning bugs 
love ain't breezy it's a howlin' wind 
just saw the sorcerors apprentice for the second time  loved it!
and who can say why your heart cries when your love lies? only time   
"\natha daged dhaer!\"""""
"the poor, the poor,the poor, they stand, wedged by the pressing of trade's hand, against an inward opening door that pressure tightens evermore; they sigh a monstrous, foul air sigh for the outside leagues of liberty, where <propmale>, sweet lark, translates the sky into a heavenly <propfemale>  -<propfirst> lanier"
"here i am, dear lord, tasting hints of fame\and i don't want it anymore \if it's not you that i gain\                          -rocket summer"
goodbye facebook world! i won't see y'all again till sunday afternoon 
i am still exhausted 
even a perfect day can end in rain 
"every day may not be good, but there is something good in  every day "
"like sunlight burning at midnight making my life something so beautiful, beautiful "
i was having a slight difficulty typing yesterday because i sliced my finger open trimming flower stems  at least the flowers turned out ok!
"bored, bored, bored  and yes i have school, but i don't want to do it "
there is something about <propfemale> sunlight filtering through the slowly changing leaves that is indescribable 
it's october! it's supposed to be cooler than this!!!
is thankful that it seems to finally be cooling down 
listening to ryandan  they are amazing!!!
my pet rock died today   crying 
there's a peck here with an acorn pointed at me!
"victim of love i see a broken heart, and i could be wrong but i'm not, no i'm not  victim of love, we're not so far apart  show me what kind of love have you got                    -eagles"
tired after practice but i also feel really good if that makes any sense 
\please, join me in putting this in your status if \cb3cb29ba759a6bfed29aec9c39ccacb,i may have a <propmale> to get a job!!!
it's so fluffy i'm gonna die!!!
life is good 
i can't believe we lost to the upstate eagles! i hope we do better this friday 
game day! i'm already nervous   annoyed 
yay!!! we won 38-26! i also fouled the same girl three times in thirty seconds but whatever    
getting ready to leave for the turkey bowl! go <propmale>!!!
"poor, poor basilean   6-0   what a pity    "
reading the imitation of christ by thomis a kempis for history this week and next  i only have three days of school before break!
is thankful for curly hair that looks okay no matter what i do to it 
"i am lauhging right now at this football game  do people seriously watch this stuff? like, what in the world?"
watching the jungle book with <propmale> cleese  real good movie y'all!
"for every time you fall apart\there'll be a soul to guide your journey\but if you choose to turn away\there in the mirror\you'll see my face\-ryandan"
my team won the tournament game today!!!
just <propfirst> an amazingly cute zebra on the back of my sheet of biology terms  probably will transfer it to my sketchbook later 
have two basketball games today  jv and varsity  we're so gonna win!!!
"so, yeah   we lost both games  drat it all and botheration!"
lost yesterdays game to the upstate eagles 
oh dear  i seem to be having a slight coughing problem 
"well, the jv lost 18-16 but varsity won 38-33  pretty disappointed that we lost to the hurricanes "
had way more fun at the gca upper school and staff christmas party than i e playful ected  and i love lindor truffles!
there was much rejoicing 
 laugh  that's all i've got to say   laugh 
i changed my mind   sad 
all dressed up and ready to go 
wow  just went for a test drive in my new pajamas  these things go way faster than my old ones 
"so, it turns out i did not need to wake up at seven o'clock after all  ~sigh~"
is frustrated 
is loving homeschooling 
is tired 
farewell! i go to find the sun 
yay! the gaurdians varsity guys beat <propfirst> <propmale>!!!
theyr'e taking the hobbits to isengard!
and i've no idea were that day gone went  yet i know that it's time well spent 
gca lions just beat brca warriors 28-21!
i fear neither death nor pain 
"i hate comeing home to a house completly deviod of prepared food  oh, and we won 43-21 and the varsity guys won 54?-41"
when you fall in a bottemless pit you die of starvation 
sometimes   wizards are so awesome it hurts 
"\cheerleaders gone! now i can date science fiction <propmale> again!!!\"""""
aira aldaron! i have a tournement next week and i won't be able to watch any of the guys games due to conflicting schedules!
i hate it when the little voices argue with my imaginary friends 
"oh, so, we won thursdays game 48-16 and the varsity guys won 73-59  and i made two beautiful freethrows "
"ok, two things i can't stand right now: being an only and valentines day "
"i have another basketball tournement later this week  oh, the joy and the <propfemale>  lol"
i thought i was better but my sneaky cough decided to launch a super secret stealth attack this morning 
twenty-nine 
thirty-four 
hope is a dangerous thing    
aquadextrous 
disconfect 
it's astounding how long it takes tea kettle full of water to boil 
<propfemale> 
we are the kings and queens    
smile for a purpose and worry not becuase it has none   
"poor little fly, why do you cry? caught in a web  soon you'll be-eaten "
time isn't healing pretty sick of staring at my ceiling i can't help the way i feel about you    
that must mean it's my un-birthday too!
all that is gold does not glitter  not all those who wander are lost 
drums  drums in the deep  they are coming    
