c9e50870a58c100706f38c008f51ea0a
it's as natural as a gorilla beating its chest
familiarity breeds brilliance
yesterday was indeed a good day 
"my brother likes godsmack and his birthday is coming up, so i placed an order for a cd  now amazon thinks i'm emo "
"stung by a <propfemale>, stepped on a nail, and hit in the head with a board  my life is an episode of the stooges right now and i'm playing all three roles "
likes this status update!
enjoys my job  there aren't many places you can dress up all fancy-like and work at the same time 
wouldn't mind a subtle life change 
lots of fresh snow = ski season is here  now i have a reason to enjoy it 
"is now on neighborhood watch  try me now grandma, i've got my eye on you "
is accident prone 
's farm keeps dying in farmville  i can't even take care of a virtual farm      
is reading a new book  what an enlightening way to spend my time 
just ate a stale rice krispy treat       and liked it  judge me as you may 
"- ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, oh stupid <propfirst>'s day shenanigans "
arrogance and self-awareness seldom go hand in hand 
"life is a miracle, deal with it "
what is better than a show with off the wall comedy improv? how about two shows?!? 7 pm to 9 smile 0 pm tonight at the brand spanking new salt rock coffee shop on 12th street  come back and finish your ab workout the otw way 
had a pretty good week last week  i dare this week to do better 
"hey utah, in case you've failed to notice april fools day is over  that being said please restore the sunshine and clear skies as previously planned  that will be all "
happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true 
off the wall comedy improv tomorrow at the washington terrace playhouse  the show starts at 10 smile 0 pm with tickets at an affordable price of 5 dollars per person  but wait there's more! if you need more laughter off the wall also plays saturday at the salt rock coffee shop on 12th street at 9 smile 0 pm with equal price and equal hilarity! come out and laugh with us 
flogging <propfemale>!
"will be playing with the very talented off the wall cast tonight at salt rock coffee on 12th street  the show starts at 9 smile 0 and tickets are $5 dollars  come out and laugh with us, i dare you!"
wonders what jumping on a pogo stick in an earthquake would be like 
is mad!
did so well on my monologue tonight! i enjoy that feeling
it's an improv filled weekend!
was just talked into buying a bar of chocolate by a very persuasive 6 year old     oh the youth of today
bbq on top of one of salt lake city's tallest buildings  can it get any better?
what a busy day  i sympathize with the headless chicken
"enjoys black tie events, very much so "
is on the <propmale> road to dublin
my lack of interest has caused my farm-ville to wilt away and die  i hope nobody calls peta-ville
"scars only remind us of where we've been, they don't have to dictate where we're going "
ah power-naps  where would i be without you?
nothing like a nice long run in the rain to clear your mind
"is going to sign up for fall semester today, and i'm excited to do so  hooray for higher education "
"in an alternate universe; everything goes the way i'd like it to, and <propfirst> <propmale> narrates my life "
"<propfirst> dempsey set to be cast on transformers 3? what's he going to do, charm the robots to death?"
"<propfirst> downey <propmale>, you never fail to disappoint me "
tonight is off the wall comedy improv's birthday and you're invited! come on out and laugh at the biggest show of the year!
here's an interesting fact      donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes 
"nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength  - st  <propfirst> de sales"
thanks to the off the wall fans for coming out and to my friends for making this another great weekend  - don't stop believin'
is sunburnt to the enth yes the enth degree 
"is playing rock, paper, scissors with <propfirst> scissorhands "
"hey life, throw all the curveballs you want  i don't play baseball "
nothing gets your day going better than a good old interrogation right when you walk in to work 
would like to have a cool british accent 
successfully used a jedi mind trick 
"now that you're out of school come to off the wall comedy improv tonight  the show starts at 10 smile 0, be there and bring your friends!"
oh what-o what-o what-a fun night
absolutely enjoys the ocean movies
come out friday and saturday to see your favorite funny people perform with off the wall comedy improv  friday's cast stars yours truly along with an amazing cast  come buy a t-shirt! free personalized <propfirst> hugs just for buying a ticket 
enjoy's watching things blow up via a slow-mo camera 
best  weekend  ever! big thanks to all who were there  i have the absolute best friends one could ask for 
while at the weber state testing center i was asked for id to take a test  i promptly gave the woman my licence to kill      she was not amused 
would like to see spider-man the musical 
absolutely enjoys life's ah-ha!! moments 
ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
"my grandfather's a little forgetful, but he likes to give me advice  one day, he took me aside and left me there "
i'm still trying to figure out why kamikazi pilots wore helmets 
allergies suck  especially if you're superman
tan: check! - euro shorts: check! - designer shades: check! resort attire: check! tropical paradise here i come 
lax!
my shuttle driver is currently rocking out to gaga 
freestyling on the north shore  totally worth getting thrashed by <propfemale> 
captain <propfirst> is here 
is lost!!
is homeward bound 
i think one of the requirements to make it into being a flight stewardess is you have to be really good at tetris 
oh what a night  thanks to all the coolest people ever 
"is playing with a great otw cast tonight at 12th street salt rock coffee  come and watch, show starts at 9 smile 0 and we're 108 times better than fireworks!"
big thanks to all who came out yesterday and made the show so awesome 
"to see a world in a grain of sand\and heaven in a wild flower\hold infinity in the palm of your hand\and eternity in an hour "
"fight crime, shoot back!"
"big news folks! \\i have left off the wall\\<propmale> uribe, <propmale> nufrio, <propmale> goodman, <propmale> \dittmore, <propfirst> rossander, aidan steenblik, <propfirst> noyes, <propmale> \myler, <propfirst> lindner, <propfemale> corona, <propfirst> benson, <propfirst> degennaro, <propmale> hurst and i \have set up the hilarity house! all your favorite actors & characters are putting together the \hottest new way to see comedy with mission improvable!"
rdj considered for possible lead role in new wizard of oz film  get excited 
come support the newest and coolest troupe around and see all of your favorite spies! mission: improvible brought to you by hilarity house productions  for two action-packed hours we will play your favorite improv games with a little dabble of espionage at the salt rock coffee shop! the show is this saturday at 9 smile 0 pm and is only $5 
"good morning ladies and gentlemen  your mission, whether or not you decide to accept it, is to attend mission: improvible tonight! location: salt rock coffee time: 9 smile 0pm price: $5 dollars description: two hours of improv spy-themed hilarity      see you there!"
"you've been activated  location: salt rock coffee shop (270 12th street, ogden, ut)     time: 21 smile 0 hours (9 smile 0 pm)     price: $5 00 dollars     mission:improvible  see you there!"
"instead of going to fireworks tonight, come see the newest and coolest improv troupe in utah    mission:improvible by hilarity house productions! it's two full hours of awesome laughter and if you're still hungry for a light show i will personally do cartwheels in the parking lot with sparklers in my mouth  i'd like to see utah fireworks beat that "
hmmmmm good day  smile 
leftover california pizza kitchen is just as good as fresh california pizza kitchen 
was attacked by a swarm of moskilloes
"\i await a protector!\"""""
the brain controls the mind!
loves my grandma and grandpa  smile 
would like to visit new york city 
"your mission whether or not you decide to accept it, is to come see the funniest people you know in mission:improvible this saturday night at salt rock coffee! the show starts at 9 smile 0pm and is only 5 dollars for two hours of side-splitting entertainment  see you there!"
what a fun show tonight folks! thanks to all who came out and made mission:improvible so great!
enjoy's watching mystery diagnosis with my mom
is going on an adventure!!
"an older woman called me a \handsome baby chicken\"" today  hooray for good looking poultry!"""
it feels like antarctica in here 
i enjoyed today very much  smile 
is going to see the e playful endables  the total amount of testosterone may shatter the universe 
"fiji water tastes like evian water, which tastes like aquafina water, which tastes like generic bottled water, which tastes like tap water  whoda thunk?"
would like to visit the haunted lost city in peru 
cannot fathom how busy this semester will be 
would like a new bionic shoulder 
"big things are happening with mission:improvible that can only be measured on the scale of epic proportions  come check us out tonight at salt rock coffee  show starts at 9 smile 0 pm, see you there!"
"'s professor has a an awesome english accent, thus putting him in one of the coolest people he knows list "
saw a man with a huge forhead and incredibly bushy eyebrows today  i was tempted to ask him if he has switched to geico 
"update, the ground looks crazy cool at 135 mph"
motorcycle ride in the rain  yes!!
come out to mission:improvible and support your favorite local funny people tonight at salt rock coffee! the show starts at 9 smile 0 and is only $5 bucks  again it's on the big stage so lets fill the house!!! see you there 
i solemnly swear that i am up to no good
"had fun tonight hanging out with eysten, sagan, and cute little <propfemale>!!"
yaaargh  i be goin' to the gym to take care of me booty 
thinks changing while driving should be considered a sport 
<propfirst> <propmale> comincia è a metà dell'opera 
genetics blow my mind
happy 9-02-10  at least <propfemale> hills has something to celebrate 
my motorcycle is whole again
great show from m:i tonight  you guys rock
"with a suit and clipboard, you can be a pro at anything "
having classes across campus goes under the list of bad ideas
study abroad in europe next summer? yes please and thank you 
"well check that night under \awesome\"""""
and you take me the way i am
great show at mission:improvible tonight  thanks to everyone who came out to salt rock and helped support your local improv troupe and favorite local coffee shop  i'm a happy camper and i'm not even camping 
really enjoys glee's version of any way you want it!
if you haven't seen chaplin i suggest you do  it's classic film at it's absolute finest 
"cold hands, warm heart   "
"truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for \ -<propmale> marley"""
i still remember the day i found out canadian bacon was just ham      completely shattered my entire universe 
"i don't know why you say goodbye, when i say hello"
"come to mission:improvible this weekend to see another spy filled comedy show at salt rock coffee  bring some new friends and introduce them to the way of the prov, and please help salt rock by purchasing one of the drinks from their wide variety of deliciousness  drink of the week is the butterfinger, so come get it for 10% off!!"
i got a lobotomy once      it was a no brainer 
"dear friday, you have no idea how glad i am to see you  love - <propfirst>"
my day has been made 
tonight! come watch <propfirst> rossander on the mic and celebrate the epic return of <propfemale> corona as the mission:improvible cast entertains you for 2 hours of hilarious comedy  help support salt rock and buy a delicious coffee or freshly made smoothie  show starts at 9 smile 0 and is only 5 dollars! anyone who buys a specialty drink at the cafe gets free hugs
longboarding for <propmale> in slc all day with some of my best friends!
30 hours without sleep and still going strong!
"oh ocean, i miss you "
"let the only gravity between you and the stars, be your willingness to reach for it "
come see hilarity house productions' mission:improvible this saturday at salt rock coffee  there's a great cast list lined up this week with the hilarious mr  <propfirst> rossander hosting  the show starts at 9 smile 0 and is only 5 dollars at the door! see you there!
goodbye muffin  i will never forget you   
"tonight your mission is improvible  come see your favorite funny people act out the craziest scenes at salt rock coffee  show starts at 9 smile 0 pm and is only 5 dollars, that's cheaper than a movie folks  also, come cool off your indian summer with salt rock's drink of the week, the frozen hot chocolate!!"
the key to happiness is finding it in places where it seems not to be
"to set the record straight  no, i did not dye my hair "
make sure you don't miss this weeks improv show as philly's m@& rocks the stage with m:i for two hours of hilarity  see you there!
if only college was as easy as mastering a patronus charm  i'd have that down!!
happy 108 day everyone  if you don't have a reason to celebrate it then find 108 things to do 
<propfirst> fisher is the man
a customer told me he was going to punch me in the face today  i don't know why but i smiled  smile 
had an awesome time with my friends at nightmare on 13th last night  now back to work and school     the nightmare continues 
non mi sento bene
dream until your dreams come true    
what are you doing tonight? mission:improvible starts in t-minus two hours  come see us for the best laughs in the world!
i really want to see due date
"dear crazy person, toilet paper does not come in \loaves \"" the end"""
anyone in <propfirst> should check out mission:improvible playing with the antics at 9 pm tonight! it's going to be a good time 
free running!
"1st sick day in almost 5 years  oh, and the sky is falling "
"group theatre project, conquered  boo-yah!"
really loves all his hilariously talented improv friends 
force unleashed 2! <propfemale> wars nerds unite
dear utah water company  i would've really liked a shower this morning but you are outside our neighborhood messing with our water system  kindly leave now and put everything back as it was 
"this weekend, hilarity house productions is having it's first annual mission:improvible halloween show! this show is going to be huge, and it's the show you don't want to miss!!! all of your actors will be in costumes and you are invited to dress up  prizes will be given for the best costume and free <propfemale> for errybody! see you there!"
got to dress up at work today  yessss!
nothing makes you feel more like a man than walking into dillard's and asking for eyeliner 
come see mission:improvible's first halloween show tonight at 9 smile 0 at salt rock coffee  tickets are only 5 dollars and there will be prizes for best costume so dress up! you can also come to salt rock early and enjoy the free carnival they have going out in the parking lot  see you there!
"random acts of kindness: i challenge you to do something nice, big or small for someone this week "
mmmmmmmmmmmeditation          
has really wavy hair 
just had a visit from <propmale> stromberg  crazy how seeing an old friend can brighten your day 
a study in the washington post says that women have better verbal skills than men  i just want to say to the authors of that study:    duh 
"well hello, monday    we meet again "
just got out of a workshop with a bunch of really talented improvisers  we have a show coming up on november 27th before the mission:improvible show starting at 7 smile 0 pm  it's only 5 dollars plus your purchased ticket gets you into the mission:improvible show too! that's twice the prov and twice the talented number of people  we'll see you there 
<propfirst>'s mongolian is my favorite restaurant ever
is off to see five carols and jingle jacks with his favorite people!
great opening show <propfirst>'s and <propfirst>'s!
"hey, i don't know if you've heard but northern utah's funniest improv troupe is playing tonight at 9 smile 0 pm at salt rock coffee on 12th street in ogden  it's only 5 dollars to get in for hours of laughs  see you there!"
huge thanks to the over 130 people for making last night's show of m:i so great!
happy birthday dad!!!
happy 3rd birfday little <propfemale> <propfemale> weight!
happy hump day!
ugh      
vip status at keys!
what a good night!
"thanksgiving and christmas are coming up, and many families need your help  the people at mission:improvible are raising 2800 pounds of food equal to all the actors weight  bring your donation in and add to the scale  we are also accepting coats and hats  come support a great cause "
there's nothing like a 6 mile run to start your day off right 
i have to see <propmale> potter soon!
it's the week of thanksgiving! what are you thankful for?
goodbye beautiful warm nights and clear skies     hello extreme downhill skiing and killer power-slides  winter is here and i couldn't be more excited!
i am dressed like <propmale> potter right now by accident 
turkey bowl!
i am thankful for every single person i have ever known and shared some part of my life with  without all of you i wouldn't be who i am today 
two big shows tonight folks! first at 7 smile 0 is <propmale> nufrio and <propmale> dittmore's improv class battling it out  tickets are only 5 dollars and that will also get you into the mission:improvible show held afterward  come on out!
two absolutely hilarious shows last night! i sure know some funny people  smile 
i have my zombie plan ready at a moments notice  what's yours?
dolce far niente!
pumpkin spice egg nog!
has discovered a new talent    cooking 
la ferrovia for dinner and class credit? i love italian 
nightmares are not the way i wanted to wake up at 3 in the morning!
"sundance film festival, january 20th-30th 2011!"
is excited for the events in the next few months  life is looking great
"come to mission:improvible, (northern utah's funniest comedy improv troupe) tonight! if you bring in 5 cans of food you get a dollar off at the door  all donations go to the ogden rescue mission  show starts at 9 smile 0pm and is located at salt rock coffee     mission:improvible - so funny it's classified "
the dementors are breeding   
the woman helping me at the home depot has a bigger adams apple than i do    confusion???
the last episode of the walking dead was epic
hooray for final completion!
the world needs less ford focuses and suspicious looking hooligans  that is all 
"fly your flags at half mast today, or find your own way to pay your respects to our fallen heroes  december 7th, 1941 - americas darkest day"
buy a map  throw a dart 
"gunpowder, now that's a man's smell "
bruschetta is probably my favorite food ever 
is watching the old school batman 
"come to mission:improvible tonight, and help celebrate one of our last saturday night shows before we make the switch to fridays we've got a great cast for you! show starts at 9 smile 0 pm at salt rock coffee (270 12th street, ogden, ut) so funny it's classified   "
"also this weeks drink from salt rock is the white peppermint mocha frappe  if you've never had christmas in a cup, now is your <propmale> "
best  show  ever
"tonight i will be on msnbc at 7 pm  tune in, watch, enjoy, and see if you can tell which characters i am out of all the blurred documentary images "
well    they were mighty generous with those blurrs 
"give everything, e playful ect nothing"
"<propfirst> bond 23 has been purchased and is back in pre-production, with a hopeful release date of 2012     happiest day of my life "
be charitable and give to someone less fortunate than you  become the hero you never thought you could 
"\all truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them\"" ~ galileo galilei"""
come see mission:improvible's ugly sweater show this saturday at salt rock! be a hero and bring in clothing and cans of food to donate to those in need and recieve a discount at the door  also wear your ugliest sweater for our contest and try to win a prize!
tron!
"\why don't you transform into a better driver \"" ~ <propfirst> degennaro"""
"has donned his ugly sweater and acquired food to donate at mission:improvible's ugly sweater show and last show of the year! come help celebrate by giving a gift to the hungry, in exchange for the gift of laughter  show starts at 9 smile 0 pm at salt rock coffee "
you know you like halloween when you are already working on your costume for next year 
"laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live "
office pranks are fun  smile 
pretty sure i found a passageway to narnia at work  i think i'm going to hide there for the rest of the day 
"lay lady lay, new favorite song of all time "
what a good friendsmas dinner! i have the coolest friends around 
alzheimers is rampant in the world  why do you think <propfemale> checks his list twice?
is on the grid 
"a customer dropped off a cryptic letter today  i'm pretty sure they're insane, but i'm going to try to decipher it anyway "
"dear weber state, i hate your accuplacer test and i don't hate many things  fix this problem  disrespectfully yours - <propfirst>"
i went to work this morning in utah  i stepped out of work into russia 
got a puppy!
"well 2010, it's been great and i've learned so much   but, unfortunately our time is done and 2011 looks to be infinitely better  so here's to looking forward!"
just ate the biggest bowl of salad ever!
"so two guys walk into a bar, proving <propmale>'s theory of evolution to be correct "
customer called me <propfirst> today and started humming the <propfirst> bond theme song  he may be insane but i consider it a compliment nonetheless 
"tuition-$2500 00, parking-$90 00, books-$220 00, knowledge that if you fail any classes you'll be extremely poor for no reason-$priceless"
i solemnly swear that i am up to no good 
"after long wait, mission:improvible returns tonight! not only is this the best improv troupe in northern utah but tonight it's free! show starts at 10 surprise 0 pm at salt rock coffee  come share the laughs with us  - so funny it's classified   "
"over 275 people showed up to mission:improvible tonight, and when i say 275 i mean 9,000! great job everyone!"
almost sushi time with some of my besties!
"burn notice: great plot lines, horrible actors "
i love dinner for schmucks 
i intend to live forever- so far so good
"i fell asleep at lunch for 5 minutes but it seemed like an hour  also i had a crazy dream, <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale> dicaprio were there  no big deal "
"life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at at time and at times, you weep "
let's stay best friends until we are old and senile  then we'll be new best friends 
"i don't know about you, but the bahamas look mighty tempting right about now "
"mission:improvible's second friday show of the year will kick off right with a stellar cast  yours truly, <propfirst>, aidan, <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale> with <propfirst> on the mic  show starts friday at 10 pm and is only $5  see you there!"
apparently i'm now a taurus? i call bull on that one 
"the weather is unpredictable, your zodiac has changed, we live in an unsure world  luckily there's mission:improvible, guaranteed to play every friday at 10pm and certain to make you laugh  see you tonight!"
"also tonight, we've got awesome merch including personalized buttons with each nights actors pictures and shirts for sale!"
will be doing a workshop today from 2-4pm at salt rock coffee  the workshop is free for all curious about the ways of the prov  come check it out!
sushi-for-lunch-yeah!
rdj stealing the show at the <propfemale> globes  i admire that man
an idiot abroad looks so good 
"that's what she said huh? i don't know who ''she'' is, but she has a rather foul mouth "
guten abend
i love sundance  that is all 
"dear deep breather, for your own safety, kindly stop doing meditation and breathing exercises in my classroom behind me  i have a strong urge to punch you "
enjoys pretending to be <propmale> and famous  now on to the real thing 
is off to weber state to see some of his favorite people!!
<propfemale> wiig is soooo funny 
"just in case you forget my name, i'll write it in the stars for you "
is juicing blood oranges  no biggie
is pondering if he's crazy enough to try the polar bear swim 
"come to mission:improvible tonight as <propmale> nufrio, aidan steenblik, <propfemale> maki, <propfirst> degennaro, <propmale>ua goodman, and <propmale> m uribe jr rock the stage with your host <propfirst> rossander! you don't want to miss this cast of stellar comedians  see you tonight!"
"what an amazing show tonight  if you haven't seen our incredibly talented performers, you are missing out!"
will be taking the plunge this morning for the ogden city winterfest's polar bear swim  come join in or check it out
farewell <propfirst> <propmale> 
"according to my fortune cookie, my lost possession will be found within the month  which is great, i was worried i'd never find that million dollars "
"still hasn't seen the final <propmale> potter movie and has to see it now  otherwise i will continue having horecrux dreams, the end "
tonights mission:improvible is going to rock! 5 dollars for 1 5 hours with northern utah's funniest people? you can't beat that!
office prank day  smile 
<propfemale>'s with awesome people and then over to mission:improvible  i dare tonight to be better
"is at the pharmacy, picking up his prescription for more cowbell "
''late for work'' does not work in real-life scenarios 
is at the gateway watching a world record attempt for the most children stuffed in an elevator  will they reach 13?
<propfirst> brand is a funny man
i love valentines day!
convinced a co-worker today that the beeping sound she heard on the phone was a government agency tracing the call     sometimes i really love my job 
has some really talented friends  good prov night!
it's so <propfemale>! <propfirst> poppins is having a horrible day i'm sure 
northern utah's funniest improv troupe is playing tonight! come see all of your favorites turn up the funny for two hours on the salt rock coffee stage! see you tonight!
mgm is set to make a robocop reboot 
"''the highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it '' - <propfirst> ruskin"
"tonight's show come see <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, aidan and i rock the salt rock stage with <propmale> nufrio on the mic! bring your friends and you could be the one picked to play a game on stage  see you there!"
"360 on the freeway and a perfect recovery at 45  yeah, i'm currently living a bond movie "
"loves, loves, loves me some black keys"
well hello motorcycle weather  i have really missed you   smile 
about to go on stage at mo's bar and grill! hello slc!
"improv tonight folks! come see <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propmale> nufrio, and i rock the stage in hilarious fashion with <propmale> dittmore on the mic!"
the brain tells the mind what to do 
enjoys answering the phone at work in british  smile 
come see all your mission:improvible friends light up the stage tonight at salt rock coffee! you can also watch the show in your brand new m:i t-shirt for only 10 bucks!
that was so fun! huge thanks to our talented actors and to everyone who came out to laugh with us  your support is the best!
is excited to learn the ways of the prov with <propmale> dittmore tonight 
this morning on my way to work a man pulled up next to me and began yelling at me from inside his truck for no apparent reason  i promptly turned and licked my window while waving and laughing  the look of sheer confusion on his face was priceless 
will be running the tech tonight for mission:improvible which starts at 10 pm at salt rock  come suggest some sweet <propfemale> rock for our st patties day show!
is bowling for <propfemale> today!
hump day!
"come win with mission:improvible tonight! the show starts at 10 pm and is going to be epic! also, enjoy a green apple smoothie during the show  they're so good and 10 percent off!"
