f260d0ac235960de964866cf2c66c12f
very confused
is slightly less confused   granny and aunt <propfirst> need to go to their farms   i weeded them 
"tired   up too late last night, still up to late tonight "
spending the day in the kitchen  making apple pies and then apple dip   gotta love fall
"get to go home tonight, watch my house, and go to bed    hopefully  before midnight tonight "
"getting sick, don't even know if i should go home tonight since my <propfemale> just has surgery on her face  feel like shit, it sucks"
got me a laptop  so happy!
my baby girl doesn't feel good and i don't like it
my baby girl has a strep infection 
tired
"facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left,right, left, right, b,a, enter key, right click, then press up & down & magic circleswill appear! the only way to stop it is to log of   (yarr)f or reload thepage    it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!"
chaos
happy birthday shorty  sad  wish i could be with you
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
<propfemale> christmas ya'll  time to go night-night me thinks
"happy new year everyone   there are enough stupid, drunk people out, you don't need to be one of them "
happy birthday brie brie  wish i was with you  sad 
i hate mondays
i never know what to write on this thing
i'm only gonna be a teenager for one more day! i'm too young to be that damn old!
i am a teenager no mores  annoyed 
i has a new phone and it is amazing  playful 
yay! i finally finished my first block of classes! waited till yesterday to start my finals   um   don't think i'm gonna do that next time   smile 
haven't had a cigarette in over 36 hours now   i haven't killed anything yet   things are looking good so far   smile   hopefully i quit for good 
delegation is great
so bored
eddft5gfyubhgtrdstnjhuoonjkghyr
"watched the fireworks on my front porch with my mommy  well, we watched 10 minutes worth anyway  they're not worth the mosquitoes like they used to be when i was little but they were still good "
the day is good
it is too damn hot
www wwwdotcom com
"hey, i have a new samsung epic with a second battery and external battery charger, screen protectors, a hard plastic case and two chargers  i am trying to sell it all for 500  it is a sprint phone a retails for 600 without the extra accessories  if you're interested message me or call me if you have my number  thanks!"
"against the grain should be a way of life\\what's worth the prize is always worth the fight\\every second counts 'cause there's no second try\\so live like you'll never live it twice"
happy thanksgiving everyone
<propfemale> christmas all
"*warning*** the national weather service has issued a flash flood warning for chicago, il and surrounding areas for sunday the 23rd of january  this warning will be in effect from 2 surprise 0pm until 6 surprise 0pm  this flash flood will be caused by the tears of the bear fans as they watch their crazy superbowl dreams fade away  crying will intensify as the game goes on"
i gots a car! yay!
stupid snow
not enough time in the damn day
