be9590555cbbed73dcfc4e819767be37
"yeah i know i always gotta fuck shit up     instead of a poke'mon i did digimon, instead of <propmale> i do cartoon network    but hey    samurai <propfirst> is the shit"
akuuuuuu!
"long ago in a distant land  i aku, the shapeshifting master of darkness, unleashed an unspeakable evil  but, a foolish samuria warrior weilding a magic sword steped fourth to opose  before the final blow was struck i tore open a portal in time and flung him into the future, where my evil is law  now the fool seeks to return to the past, and undo the future that is aku!"
"apparently there was some for of storm last night, but i wouldn't know seeing as i slept through it "
sentio aliquos togatos contra me conspirare
"current games being rocked: fight night round 4, nodiatis, rune factory, monster <propmale> freedom unite, runes of magic, and the occasional legend of dragoon  and still got time for the girl, hell yeah!"
"been owning up a storm the past few days  life is good, and i've had a nice respite  time to get back in the game!"
final fantasy dissidia = pure pwnage
i'm thinking     air force     you with me <propfirst>?
crashing at <propfemale>'s tonight  early ass morning tomorrow    ugh
i am totally going to bro out on fruzzleday!
give me like     3 days and i'll be <propfirst> stark!
fffffffuck! weather is too inhuman i cannot sleeeeeep!
homg heroes is back on! huzzah!
"what the hell is with all the emoness on everybodies facebook status  i mean    no offense people but i persoanlly don't want to hear about all the horrible things that happen to people you know on a daily basis    save that for messaged, conversations, and twitter    cuz i don't use that one "
remind me to never again speak my mind about people and their need for attention  wastes my time and it get's me nowhere but into a conversation with said people about said need for attention 
i tunes and some good old illustrator and wow time    boy oh boy! ~zeushala and areshala   one helluva tag team~
i love warsong gultch    i hate newbs and pricks    
"goin to 6 flags amorrow for the fright fest preview for free (due to good buddies in low places) no line, free food, good times  also got my ps3 up and running, just need sum good gameage   and ideas?"
"last night was uber fun, goin to the girls today  gunna watch some t v  then maybe hit up the ps3 and some wow "
demon's souls tonight   gunna has me some fun! going to see an old friend tomorrow whom i've missed 
got my body back! and fed the <propfemale> some cake    (two different games have been referenced in the above statment)
"shower and maybe some wow, or demon's souls   i need to plug in some <propmale> ass gametime soon     motivate me?"
"i'm not epic, i'm legendary!"
rule #1: cardio
"viral scan, whilst i wait going to demon up some souls  anyone doing anything fun lemme know!"
all clean and warm   got nothing to do     gunna demon some souls  hit up my cell with a txt or call if you wanna <propfemale> 262-705-8496
feel the wrath of my shun goku satsu!
prototyping up the city  wish i was that badass   
"just watched silent hill for like the 10th time in my life  horrible, horrible movie compared to the game(s) it's based on "
i sound like my vochal chords where ripped out and randomly rearranged  i feel like 90% today though  going to legend of <propfemale> it up a notch cuz i feel nostalgic 
my voice is pising me off    sing! anyone from ita's choir should get that joke  
this is probably nothing to be proud of  but for shit's and giggles i joined a <propfemale> fleet academy   and i'm aceing everyhting    just thought i'd share    
finally able to play ps2 games on my computer  huzzah!
i hate disney! they have their hands on everything from <propfemale> to the new <propmale> of persia movie!!!!
hammers can forge one other thing other than weapons     a man!
fuck drills i have a hammer mother fuckers!
fuck drills i have a hammer mother fuckers!
looks like i be joinin da aero force soon 
"dragon age origins, the first game for the next gen to openly murder children and women who are hepless    hell yes! (i'm just exicted for the ralisim okay?)"
"dragon age origins, the first game for the next gen to openly murder children and women who are hepless    hell yes! (i'm just exicted for the realisim okay?)"
"duck tales, ohhh oh ohh! every day their out there makin' duck tales ohh oh ohh! d-d-d-danger watch behind you, there's a stranger out to find you! what to do just grab on to some duck tales ohh oh ohh!"
going to watch assassins creed tonight on spike tv  looks like i'm in for a good time  joyful 
am now more pumped than ever for acii!!!!!
"i think if i can actually make the 1 5 mile run tomorrow, that i might indeed actually be some form of god or demi-god    let's find out!"
"kicked ass and took names in a 14 solid hour block of assassins creed 2, my god that game is so fun! going to bed   wake up, same plan "
"shower time, then some more ac2   got to do some treasure hunting and feather finding    *sigh* hate these side quests   "
"just beat assassins creed ii! not only do i say go buy both games, and play them in order to see the most epic story ever told  but i go so far as to watch it agasin when your friends play it, and anyone else you know  hell even record yourself playing it and watch it over and over and over again  my god this is the best story i've ever seen!"
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get "
breakfeast! of champoions this morn  it be steak with a side of steak!
scrubs season 9!!!!! i'm super super amped   hopfully it won't jump the shark now     
"fuck the united negro college fund! black people are not better than any other colored skin person out there! i have had a lot of black friends, and i know that they are just as smart if not smarter than most other people i know  i'm sorry but i'm sick of this racist bullshit! gah!"
"sleep time now, room cleaning when i regain conciousness     dear god      i don't even want to think about what i might find in here "
"well i managed to find two playstations, a  guitar, 4 swords, some shoes, a dead body, and i think a yeti whilst cleaning my room today    and i'm only half way done!!!!!"
"well on the plus side, the yeti i founds makes a nice blanket to stay warm  one the minus side    well   i found my 64 and controller with a copy of ocarina or time, but i want majora's mask    anybody got a 64 version of majora's mask then can lend or sell me? till then hittin up old school oot "
i gots a unicorn! i named him horny!
horny learned horning!
so two days of breaking news to families later and i can finally have a good nights sleep  this whole proposing and getting offically engaged thing is hell on the nerves at first   but totally totally worth it 
digimon > pokemon
"i think we need to stop looking at each other as caucasian, african american, hispanic, asian, indian, native american  we need to look past the pigment of our skin and start seeing each other for what we really are  human beings  there could be several billion other species of intellegent life out there in the universe who have gone past pigment segregation and have seen their species as a unified people "
"two years ago, in the year of the cow, we had mad cow disease  then in the year of the chicken, avian flu  and now, in the year of the pig, swine flu  2012, is the year of the dragon    now i know why the world is going to end "
"really people   playing all the old poke'mon games  look i never thought i'd be the one to say this, but you all need to get lives!"
body language is stuck in my head and i can't stop singing it!!!!
"i'm suddenly full of a red hot rage the is slowly consuming the logical part of me   i'm going to go to bed before i e playful lode   and before anyone asks, no there is no reason it just is  good day "
long but epic day  tomorrow i re-begin the hunt  for now    sleep    
"got shafted today, hopefully i can sleep it off    night all "
demon's souls time   ryan imma catch up to yo ass!
sherlock holmes > avatar
"i'm just putting this out here, i'm gunna change the world  nuff' said "
well it's back to good ol' keesler afb
it's closing time   
god    i am so not a morning person    
"bed time now, office ungodly early, but i need to break the beast from it's cage and finish off strong!"
"ok, so i went and picked up the nercronomicon today and i tried summoning cthulhu and my moms house caught fire \randomly\""    i think i've summoned a great old one  joyful """
ever have one of those days where 90% of anything that can go wrong goes even worse then you could imagine    and then the other 10% just goes wrong? that;s my day today    
"instead of a grandfather, i want to be an epicfather! and instead of a great-grandfather i want to be a legendaryfather!"
kickin' ass and takin names in street fighter iv 
just spent like    idk 200+ dollars on video games and books today     yeah i think imma bet set for a while 
mass effect 2 is amazing!!!
finally back home 
offical airman trainee  tis' going to be a good life i lead
"finished mass effect 2, hate that fucking game       "
i am sooooooo out of shape!
"definition of keigan: usually a tall male  very good looking features, and a caring heart   insanely funny, can make you laugh at any time  very chill and cute  dude  fun to be around, and an awesome friend  but never underestimate a  keigan  he will fuck you up if he wants to "
today i am missing the spark of life    let's find seomthing that makes sparks       
"seriously, children shouldn't be allowed to play a childrens card game  i mean the fate of the world can be decided by the outcome as well as their individual souls      i need to get the exodia cards     "
i just bought the necronomicon!~
phresh pharaoh of bel air!
reading the most morbid and disguisting book i have ever read    and loving every second of it!
just bought a magic deck    yayz!
why is it that the day after you get something to do that requires two people     no one else is available?
"round 3,971,826,826,730^7,234,726,936,622*x of resident evil 5 with <propfirst>  yay us!"
"the fuck is with your hair, your hair, your hair, your hair, i like you, your hair, your boobs, your hair, your personality, and uh     the rare poke'mon, a shiny mokuba  i've got a masterball with your name on it!"
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu  r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
"\ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn \"" (\""in his house at r'lyeh dead cthulhu waits dreaming \"")"""
looking for background music for a video is hard    
screw six pack abs  i want fridge pack abs!
butter beer is amazing!
"heavy rain statistics: 3 alive, child saved, origami kill caught  goodnight!"
"in life there are hunters, and then there's monster hunters!"
gunna hit up the hunt on psp for a bit while the girl has some good ole' fashon consol time  (presumably heavy rain but idk yet)
"ran the mile and a half at pt today    lungs felt like molten lead, legs we're 100 lbs hevier, and i felt sick    fortunatly i'm all better and it's lunch time now "
"this is the sword, this is the spear, this is sparta hell is near! never falter never fear, this is madness! we are the sword, we are the spear, we are sparta know no fear  this is our blood and these are our bones, die on your sheild for hell is your home! huah!"
"life is like a hurricane here in duckburg  race cars, lasers, aeroplanes - it's a duck blur  you might solve a mystery or rewrite history     duck tales, o surprise o  tales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, o surprise o     d-d-d-danger, watch behind you - there's a stranger out to find you  what to do? just grab onto some duck tales, o surprise o!"
well i offically look forward to running 2 4 <propmale> with <propfirst> tomorrow     i think i've finally snapped and have become active  tis' a sad sad day for human kinda   
"callin all ds poke'mon trainers (diamon, <propfemale>, platinum, heart gold, and soul silver) we should be friends and do cool shit!"
like fire hellfire this fire in my skin this burning <propfemale> is turning me to sin
"dear gengar, thank you for being so badass and having <propfemale> bond "
"fuck it, i'm going back to singing and voice acting  it's been far too long since i've done either!"
someone talk to me or txt me   i'm bored and sick of hunting chansey's
wants to play <propfirst> party and see what happens if you don't take the <propfemale>
"16 badges, beat the elite, got my chansey     time to start a new game!"
"i wanna be the very best, like no one ever was!"
"screw being a poke'mon master, i wanna work for team rocket and take over this bitch!"
"shower time, game time, and then idk what after i get tired of games     "
card games on motorcycles!
i need a weapon!
eeeeehhh heh heh heh heh ho hooooo!
wow i'm actually up today  weird 
samurai sentai shinkenjaa!
"feeling philosophical, anyone who wants to chat hit up my digits or message me "
"just woke up and feel like i've been hit by a very small but still very truck like truck  need to pull myself up outta this, so food and a nice hot shower "
"chanchanbara chanbara, chanbarabara chanbara!"
whew i'm all nasty and dirty from working on the house!
this is sparta!
"i lost 1 3 lbs from  eating burger <propmale> last night! but gain 13 in a few months from running  2 5 <propmale>, doing push-ups and sit-ups  i love you too body!"
vaginas on motorcycles!
http annoyed  www formspring me zeushala ask me random ass stuff or serious stuff    just ask!
red ring of death     fml!
"bout to rip it up like a beast today for my workout, and then i shall commence the hunt for monsters in monster <propmale> tri! in this world there are hunters, and then there are monster <propmale>s!"
fucking kelbi!
"well unless i find some people with monster <propmale> tri i'm going to stick to the offline quests for a while  finishing up my 3'stars little later today, have yet to need find decent weapon and armour    so is this all there is capcom?"
does anybody have monster <propmale> tri!?!?!?!
can anyone teach me to spezak with a scottish or <propfemale> accent? i know they arn't the same  but if you can teach either i want to learn 
"need people to hunt with, if you have a wii and are able to hook it up to the internet, go buy monster <propmale> tri and get online "
deadliest warrior = most badass show i've seen in a long time 
going to buy powerthirst!
i have never before gotten this bored this fast   
ever have headphone on so long   taht when you take them off your ears feel cool because the blood returns to it's normal flow     not to mention all the muffeled sounds are so much clearer and louder    i think i'll put them back on now    
just saw the fucking ghostbusters car!
"every time i try to talk to someone it's \sorry this\"" and \""forgive me that\"" and \""i'm not worthy\"""""
ha ha ha ha ha mwa ha ha ha ha gyah ha ha ha ha we got his leather pants!
"you ever have one of those days, where you're just   board    like just the other day you had something fun to do and planned on doing it tomorrow as well but    it just lost it's appeal    yeah i love days like this    love'em"
annnnnd bored now 
"you will always be mine until my dying breath\\possessing my soul, you're my obsession"
worked out for the day    going to relax and just enjoy the rest of it    leaving in t minus 17 days
"yeah, we gotta start\\looking at the hands of the time we've been given\\if this is all we got and we gotta start thinking\\if every second counts on a clock that's ticking\\gotta live like we're dying\\we only got 86,400 seconds in a day to\\turn it all around or to throw it all away\\we gotta tell them that we love them\\while we got the <propmale> to say\\gotta live like we're dying"
"attention to any and all who care,\ i will be departing for meps on monday june 21st at 5 surprise 0p m \  my going away party will be the last <propmale> anyone will get to see me before i leave and may very well be the last <propmale> period  any and all goodbyes should be left before monday at 5 surprise 0 so i can read them before i'm gone  if you don't have a invite to my party and would like to attend please let me know "
"i'm gunna be honest \i bawled at the end of toystory 3 "
"this is my final facebook status before i leave, and this is the last time i will have checked my facebook  so i'll be seeing you all when i get back "
"3 and a half weeks left!!!!!!!\wish me luck!!!!!!!"
"5 days left \wish me luck on final evals cuz i wanna see my family "
"1 day left \324 knights!"
"bout to ship to tech school \keesler afb mississippi \imma have fuuuuuuuuuun \hit me up again as i can have a social life again "
"tech school is pretty bomb \just have to stay up for all my briefings and be on time     not too hard i guess     "
"<propfemale> craft 2 and snacks for a bit, got pt at 04 and then breifings all day then ip phase is pretty much done    huzzah!"
"class at 0600, time to shower shave and gets all prettah!"
"at the age of 4mom knows everything! at 8 moms knows a lot! at 12 mom doesn’t reallyknow everything  at 14 mom doesn't know anything  at 16 mom doesn’texist  at 18 she’s old fashioned  at 25 maybe mom does know about this!at 35 before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45 i wonder what mom thinks   about this  at 75 i wish    i could ask my mom about this  re-post thisif you had or have the best mom in the world  i do"
"reeeeeeed woooooolves!\huh red huh wolves, oooooooowwwwwwww!"
1 week down    x more to go
12 hour cq shift at 6    whoooooooo!
12 hour cq shift    hooooooooooooooo!
12 hours of cq later    i'm out!
"another day, another dollar    well technically another day closer to pay day    which is the first and fifteenth every month for me  huh!"
first day of class done   3 more to go this week then a 4 day weekend thanks to down fridays and holidays   huh!
"one more day of class then testing on fruzzel day, huh!"
payday huh!
after bmt i never thought i'd say this    but i have way too much free time on my hands 
phase 3 weekend hut!
"passed pt eval this morning, and did a 12 hr cq shift hua!\i'm <propfemale> very very tired   and i have at least 2 weeks till i start class     *sigh*"
more cq shifts and then a 3 day weekend hua!
"i want to start classes so i can gtfo of keesler afb, not that it's bad here but i just wanna go operational  3 day weekend coming up hua!"
gotta love life in the air force 
"afi for another week, yes indeedy, looks like i'll be spending my free time on civ v and ffxiv instead of studying     darn the luck "
civ 5!
"if these people tell this story to their children as they sleep\maybe someday they'll see a hero is just a man who knows he's free"
"send me the best you've got!\\send me your strongest machine!\\the fight my brother fought   \\here, now, will end with me!\\is this the best you've got?\\this? this? your strongest machine?\\now with one power shot   \\you'll see what vengeance means "
fat night!!!
just another day in the united states air force 
well i'm stuck here till at least january february     unless i can pull something out of my rear end to jump me ahead in the course     anybody got any ideas? i need to get out of here 
"should i buy dead rising 2, and if so what should i buy it on   xbox or pc?"
everyone id going out tonight while i get to sit here by myself and do nothing    yay!
jalapeno pizza wooo!
oh man domino's loads their pizza with jalapenos     i love it 
"must    start    class    soon    or    else    go   insane    \nothing to do in mississippi!\    nothing to do in wisconsin for that matter     why am i always stuck with nothing to do?"
so i started class this week    aaaaand it's fun as hell      huzzah!
"day one of operation 3 day week down, two days to go    wooooo!"
just another 3 day weekend in the u s  air force  except i got to spend this one with my fiance' aaaand got little to no sleep    pt is gunna suck come monday
"and so we bring close to another wonderful weekend \class starts again tomorrow, and we have a full week \*sigh* well here goes nothing "
whoo day one of five done   and somehow i managed to royally f up my knee    christ!
"tomorrow is friday, which means weekend, which means free tickets to a hockey game    hoo red hoo wolves owwwwww!"
"and so we bring close to another day in the wonderful u s  air force \aim high, fly fight win!"
"guess whose going to misawa afb, japan?\this guy!"
"still super amped i'm going to japan for my first base!\got fable 3 and fallout new vegas to tide me over on this long upcoming 3 day weekend, and i have two 4 day weekends just around the corner  gotta love the u s  air force"
end to another wonderful weekend    full week this week    *sigh* rough stuff
"only 2 and a half days of school this week   \1 2 3 4 i  love  the  air  force!"
"and so we bring close to another weekend at keesler afb \\pt in the morning and blues for class, only 2 1 2 days this week \oh and drill team practice "
"got my black rope sheet so working on getting that done \spinning rifles hurts just fyi \pt eval class and retreat tomorrow     then \half-day\"" wed \",be9590555cbbed73dcfc4e819767be37,and thus beging our 4 day weekend    god i love the air force!
"bought a kinect last night, twice as fun as the wii but twice as tiring   and these are only launch titles   i'm interested in seeing what else comes out for it "
"tech school is some fun shit \hope i won't lose touch with the friends i've made here when i move to japan "
i hurt all over    i'm not moving at all tomorrow    
full week    boo    
half day tomorrow then a weekend   finally!
3 day week hua!
"100% on my block iii test \my gpa is over 9000!!!!!!\*crushes reflective belt*"
"sent shewchuck out with some good ass food \he will be missed, but he's moving on to bigger and better things    as will i soon  good luck and god speed, sir "
one     more      day!
"\a date which will live in infamy\""\",be9590555cbbed73dcfc4e819767be37,"graduating 4th and final block of my main section tomorrow, after that afi till after exodus and then hopfully s+ shortly after i return  also getting teeth removed on tuesday  let's make this a good week!"
"passed block 4\got 100% on my final test and had a 90 gpa"
"got my black rope yesterday, and am getting my wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow \so far it's been a good week "
am currently at -4 of my total teeth  not feeling 100% but not feeling bad 
i have a hole in my mouth!
only 2 duty days left until i get to go home!
"\god damn it <propmale> quit missing the damn table!\"" -<propmale> lewis\",be9590555cbbed73dcfc4e819767be37,"gunna play borderlands and try to enjoy my time here till classes start \love my wife <propfemale> wise !"
it's morphin time!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post"
"killing floor, monster hunter: freedom unite, borderlands, and gladiator begins \welcome back to the tech school grind "
"fuck this new zodiac shit, i'm a goddamn fish!"
motherfucking leaves!
"i've been in tech school far, far too long "
"final day of class february 22nd 2011 \just one more test!"
and then there were two
"i paaaaaaaassssssed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\875 900!"
"just need to out process monday and i can finally go home, then go to my next base  misawa ab japan       laaaaaa~"
"shutting down my computer for the last time at keesler afb  planes leaves at 1530 tomorrow, and i'll be on my way at 1200  it's been an e playful erience that's for sure, made some good friends  goodnight keesler afb, and good night tech school  i'm operational now, and i'm heading to japan "
"on my way back to ms so i can fly to jp \wheeeeeew!"
"landed, safe, getting settled, updates coming soon "
"picked out our apartment today  should get to move in, in a few days  wheeeeeeeew!"
"first actual japanese e playful eriances \sushi not bad \earthquakes serious fun!"
"long story short, no power = bad time \that's the only damage me and <propfemale> has is sever case of boredum \earthquake,tsunami, radioactive giant lizard all avoided us \we are as safe as safe can be, you can all relax "
power up!
poke'mon on bicycles!
"worked 7-1730, tasked out on energy conservation base wide  working night shift until further notice  good for everyone back state side though "
