6de68bfe1c91d25a71950ef57370ce57
'09!
is paitienly waiting for everything to go wrong
is thinking <propfirst>'s party is gonna be the shit
crazy nights '09 continues
im getting slipknot tickets who wants to come with 
fuck i gotta work again
"jesus, did i just say that or was i thinking?"
high five turtle 
we cant stop here this is bat country 
my money is on trogdar!
"who fuses the music, with no illusions, producing the blue prints, clueless?"
nay! we are but men! rock!
got tomorrow off time to get shitty!
"trainwreck that i am, and i am what i am what i am  a trainwreck, that i am and i am what i am what i am  a trainwreck "
harvest is gonna kick ass!
glad my friends are asholes
fuck
the first rule of project mayhem is you do not talk about project mayhem 
"picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies  somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly, a girl with kaleidoscope eyes "
"i know what they want  and i know they don't want me to stay  and you and i will find  that when i need you  i need it quickly  in fact, you'll never know"
gieco  so easy a caveman could do it 
i just got attacked and it made my night!
the next person to say shenanigans is gonna get pistol whipped
16 days and counting!
sorry everyone i got hacked
sorry everyone i got hacked and 15 days
"what the fuck happened last night went tubing, fell off the back of a pick-up, and then nothingness, and only 7 days"
"thanx for the birthday wishes its gonna be crazy, and everyone who is 21 should give me a call lets get trashed"
i survived it was a kick ass night and roster mccabe is awesome
soooo    who else is excited for modest mouse!!! smile 
"modest mouse       oh that was amazing, got a picture with <propmale> it was a great night  wish that i wouldn't have ditched everyone at the party "
"well i managed to get sunday off, im comin home on saturday who wants to party?"
so i hate my job but what r u gonna do?
when did august become the hottest month of the year?
workin all weekend     weak!
so after a year i have like 5 days of pto built up i think its time for vacation 
grand forks why oh why do you suck so bad!
11 days till harvestfest! woot! woot!
why does work go so slow and the rest of the day goes so fast?
kegger lets get trashed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"vacation almost over, its like i never even had one, it has been a blast though thanx to everyone that helped make it fun"
first day back to work        not bad 
"how much wood could a wood<propmale> <propmale>, if a wood<propmale> could <propmale> wood?"
is booboo!
<propfirst> <propmale> and the pain in gf tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"went to the social network last night it was pretty good, but <propfirst> zuckerberg give me part of your 26 billion, please "
wish i could go to the uproar festival tomorrow but i get to work  weak shit              
so many concerts coming so little time               why?????????
is glad the vikings can play        
"holy shit the old guy still has it, but whats it worth with the kick coverage like shit           "
fail! moss and favre i thought it was gonna be epic                
anyone wanna go frolfing tomorrow if its nice i got the whole day off give me a shout
my phone is out of minutes hit me up on here if ur tring to get ahold of me
damn its back to work tommorow      
anyone know of a cheap car im in the market of buying       ?
super excited! does anyone wanna go to fargo 
fargo trip was a fail           dammit!
people tell me slow my roll        i'm screamin out fuck that!
work                                                                                 does it ever end 
loves and has missed my little sister @<propfemale> <propfemale> casavan    and she may have hacked my account and changed my status cuz i left myself signed in   
yay! i get to see my aunt tomorrow! ! !
loves  hearin stories about his dad from aunt <propfemale>
i love u grandma! you will be missed by many!
