fa46e796b4d7bd86c441615f03a915d3
to all my facebook frnds i have never n will nvr smoke a cigarette n i wld def not key a car for revenge     do u guys all think im that mean?!?  sad 
plz comment to my last post i really wanna clear stuff up ok?!?
bored outta my mind!!! -<propmale>
ugh school on wednsday     o well on the plus side i get to c all my frnds again
heyy ppl cnt wait to through a partay u guys r all invited if u want comment yah or no to this plz thnx
srry that was supposed to say throw a partay lol my b
my frnd insists that if i asked sum1 to homecomin they wld go wid me im gon change my honesty box q to ask if i asked u if u wld so yah answer plz
 love 
i love j p!!  lol yay!  love 
if u have cell or aim send me a message we'll chat  smile 
gonna
"\maybe it's true that i cant live without you and maybe two is better than one but theres so much time to figure out the rest of my life and you've already got my coming undone   \"""""
im so happy!!!
at first i took u as a frnd but now it might b more    u hurt me once but for u i think im willing to feel it     love 
<propmale> at home goin to the mall on wednsday!
thanx guys! yur awesome!
 love  how is it possible to b so stressed and still b as happy as i am around u  smile 
"i never knew how much love cld come from my heart but then i met u and the love wont stop  smile  txt me, love!  laugh   love   love   love "
had the most amazing vaca <propfemale> wid tht most amazing person <propfemale> my bf n i cnt even describe how proud i m 2 b able 2 call him dat  smile  n now its a snow day n i love how i can tlk to him and he understands me  smile  ily baby! 4<propfemale> n always!
ily boo!! i miss you sooo much! i cnt wait till i cn b wid you all the time  smile     soon  smile     jst the thought of you always being by my side gives my butterflies ill always love you! xx-4evayours-xx
theres a moment in all of our lives when we finally find that one person we feel knows us the most n that means the world to us  most dont e playful ect that person to be waiting on the other side of an open door  but you never know right? i found the person i know understands me better than ne1 and he deffinately means the world to me   smile  if you havent found them yet dont give up  just be patient  your day will come 
ok ppl im de-frnding ne 1 that isnt my true frnd
alright if yur still my frnd at this point then yur safe    love you guys!!!
<propmale> at my grams goin to my dads house 2nite then back home! txt!!
<propmale> at my grams than home!
nothing
i love <propfirst> downey!!! lol n <propfemale>!!!!  smile 
all i wanna do is be with you!!!!!!!  love 
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence , i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping,i have you in my heart   smile "
at hotel in pitts  gettin ready to go to bcc to watch my aunt in a 2 mile race  i hear its freezin out side! bbbbrrrrr!!! wish me luck fightin the cold lol  smile 
alright ppl im deletin my fb account    i know its horrible! lol not ! i got myspace so look me up !
jammin out  smile  takin piks  smile  txt it  playful 
why cant frnds stay frnds no matter wats goin on round it    annoyed 
"\who doesnt long for someone to hold who knows how to love you without being told?\"" love you baby  love """
txt me ppl
just chillin  smile  text me!
"\who doesnt long for someone to hold who knows how to love you without beong told? somebody tell me why im on my own if theres a soulmate for everyone\"""""
why?
sssssoooooooooooo bbbbbbbbbooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> tired!!!
"well once again <propmale> bored   hopefully sumthin fun l8r, ne sugestions?"
 playful 
lol nachos @ 10 pm gotta love it!!!! lol
bout to watch a movie on netflix  smile 
ne1 know ne awesome dance songs? im tryin to make a new playlist  playful  thnx!!
goin to the apple barn l8r  smile  txt the cell!!
just chillin goin to my aunts for supper then mayb to my bros football game!! hit up the cell!! please! lmao
"be honest! if youthink i'm cute, like this status  if you love me put a ?   if i am yourfriend put a  smile , if you want to go out with me put a  laugh   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me put a  laugh   if ur not scared post this as ur status"
off to costa rica!   smile 
