8b808172cf8e548203967acd82f467e5
going to a movie then dyeing my hair it needs something done with it i just hope it looks good
this is totaly random but i really need new pictures  mine r so old!
stellar
yo guys only 10 more days till new mooooooonnnnn!!!!!!!
swim meet this weekend dso not looking forward to it
watching glee in like 15min i love that show
watching elf and is so stuffed
watching the office love that show!! only one more day till the weekend!!!
<propfemale> was here
"swim meet today, didn't make it back to finals i sucked but im going to movie so the movies so thats good i guess  smile "
making a podcast with my mom and <propfemale>
i hate swimming for making me get up at 5:15 every morrning over break
happpy new year!!!!! it's finally 2011 and the end of winter training smile 
"im so bord, and hungery, and tired i hated practice this mornning to many 500's"
watching paranormal activity tonight hope its not too scary
back to school tomorrow uck!
so bord there's nothing to do on a snow monday
i love today its amazing the best day ever by far!!!!
snow day  the only good thing about living in ohio
got my state in 400im yeaaaa!!!
it's only wendsday yuck sad 
shopping with <propfemale> tomorrow!!
"so bord, and can't wait for all the snow to melt"
"the weekend's here, finally smile "
we all must embrace the warmness smile 
got my zone in the 500fr!!!! smile  smile 
hoping to get out of swimming saturday and sleep in smile 
"no swimming this weekend!!! and no plans, yet smile "
free concert tomorrow!! thanks kate smile 
spring break!!! hanging with friends and my bf smile  smile 
parents r letting me auddition for will wonka!!! im so exited get to c all my friends again smile 
ughhh school tomorrow
"so bord and tiered sad  the week needs to go by faster, cause it's only tuesday sad "
"\laughter is a mood altering tranquilizer with no harmful side effects \"" smile   i cant help but think of <propfirst> when ever i see this quote smile """
ail is a brest cancer ninja annoyed  rawwwwwww
"today is a sad day sad  nobody loves me, except for kej"
listenign to creepy swenny <propmale> music and doing nothing smile  smile  smile  smile 
<propmale> wonka audition tomorrowwwwww!!!!!
cast list posted monday i cant wait!!!!!
": smile ( very sad and horrible day sad  but no harm no foul, wizard of oz is next on my list smile  smile "
only 9 days left of schooooollll!!!!!
okay this stupid spanish dish is takeing forever i feel like i'm never gonna finish annoyed 
"it finally the weekend and almost over with school and what do i do? bust my ankel now im limping and a mess and useing crutches and no mall tomorrow, i hate my clummsy self sad "
"great weekend, so far got to spend it with my love <propfemale> and gio smile "
"nothings wrong with my ankle it's a stupid tedion, i have to now go to a special doctor and probably be in a boot sad  stupid leg"
hanging out with <propfemale> today yayyyyy!! and maybe <propfirst>?
am now a blond <propfemale>
summer is here smile  smile 
"@ relay for life smile  sucky day for it, but at least im makeing somewhat of a defferince smile "
"started summer gym, i hate it  it's wayyy worse then regular school  doesn't help i'm in a boot"
"grrr bord to death sad  but got my new contacts, i have greenish eyes now smile "
"\what's a laxative?\"" ~kate \",8b808172cf8e548203967acd82f467e5,"im a winkie!!! i have no idea what that is, but at least i got a part!! smile "
watching eclipse in imax smile 
"2 days till states, i cant decide if thats a good thing or abad thing"
it's only wednesday sad 
got 8th in the mile smile  but it hurt like hell sad 
"got done with the wizard of oz rehersal and i suck at dancing, and all i did was twirl down the stage and i still suck at that i need <propmale> help and practice"
@ the mall with izzy @ the <propmale> store smile 
"\the key to immortality is living a life worth remembering\"""""
about to ride dimondback with kate smile !yess
"my hair is now black \its crazy!"
3 weeks till school sad  only on <propfemale> 50 of my summer reading project and i lost the questions im supossed to answer not a good way to start high school
hunger games party tonite smile 
"i was out watering the lawn this morrning and i swear i saw a kidnapper, he was going up and down our streets looking strangly at people  and to top it off he was in one of the those white creepy vans and it with the coke symbol torn off of it  im scared for my life!"
11 days till schoool: smile (
only 100 pages of frankenstine to go sad  in three days
"tomorrows friday, last day of the first week of school only 175 days to go!!"
"swimming starts in less then a week i am sooo not ready for that, im going to die, <propmale>'s gonna kill us sad "
"camping with <propfemale> hartshorn and <propfirst> medico last night which was amazing, i love u guys"
season finally of true bloods on tonite smile 
lost my phone crying 
"i wish my life was like the marry old land of oz   \creepy happy 24 7"
only one more wizard of oz im sooo sad crying 
"when life hits us hard we all just have to move on\but its always easier said then done "
when life sucks i know i have the friends that will get me through my misery
muse concert tomorrow!!!
only one more day till the weekend!!
"you know that guy that you fall for and think he's defferent then the rest, well i fell for that guy and turns out he's just like all the rest, someone who just breaks my heart "
"worst week of my life, it's only monday and all i want to do is lock myself in my room all week adn eat a ton of junk food  <propmale> sucks"
when i get hit hard with life i always have those friends to make me smile smile  i love my ginger!! smile 
school tomorrow yuck!
"sickness\yuck!"
i feel as if everything is crumbling and im losing the ones i love one by one
im so bord and putting off studying grrr stupid finals
finally finals r over know we get a day off!!
"studying for finals is a complete waste, u still fail sad "
b lunch anyone?
facebook helps save relationships
"my chemical romance \enough said"
just here cillin with my new wife!
my chemical romance concert who will help me convince my mother to take me?
at <propfemale> smidebush's with <propfemale> schwietert and <propfemale> franzoni smile  fun times!
"so much swimming today, i feel like im gonna pass out\it was rough"
i've spent more time on facebook today then i have in the past month annoyed 
grr morning practice tomorrow annoyed 
its only monday and im already losing my mind
"\you just have to get through today because the sun will always come up tomorrow \"" <propfemale>"""
somewhere over the rainbow we end up in a land of munchkins to find unlickly friends on the way to the wonderful wizard of oz  but eventually we come to find where the blue birds fly is no place like home 
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, luv ya smile "
my mother woke me up made me get dressed and took me to the school just to find out we have no school grrr annoyed 
"snow day!\which means 12 hrs of sleep smile "
away swim meet and now im so tired not looking forward to morning practice tomorrow sad 
i love theater people they make me so happy smile 
new ipad yayyyyy!
<propfemale> christmas! there's no swimming!
it's only 10 and i already need a nap
i day of swimming down now only 4 days and 8 practices left
okay y'all only 6more practices to go and ones a recovery we can do this smile  i hope! please don't make it to hard <propmale> 
i need to get mentally prepared for our afternoon practice well at least that's what <propmale> says which can never mean anything good
when everything goes wrong i know i have my amazing <propfemale> fowler on my side can't wait to c u this weekend smile 
pretty little liars smile  i love this show smile 
long day thank goodness it's friday smile 
grr homework and lots of it plus morning practice tomorrow annoyed 
it's almost friday and then we get monday off yayyyyy
grr people need to mind their own business and not talk about me behind my back but if u do talk about me at least have the balls to say it to my face!
new pillows make me happy smile  smile 
"\mason what is your profession!\"" smile """
school tomorrow is anyone excited
grrr i feel like crap stupid sickness annoyed 
no school which is a good thing because i still feel like crap annoyed 
let's just say blue eyes look creepy
popchips r awesome smile 
tomorrow thursday smile 
so if someone falls going up the stairs and then falls again trying to get up don't laugh cause it's probably goning to be me
morning practice then no school sad  i was not happy
hey people so i'm having a war with <propfirst> magness and we r trying to decide who's better muse or coldplay it's an obvious decision that muse is better but she apprently needs some convincing annoyed  so like this if u love muse but really who dosent?
tomorrows friday smile 
i need a date for tomorrow nite!
super bowl tomorrow smile 
don't be a douchebag smile 
the truth is u can't trust anyone
grr so tierd from the swim meet this morning annoyed  i need a nap and some coffee
i need a hug and someone who will listen sad 
"yayyyyy for theater,  <propfirst> magness and <propfemale> hennessey smile "
team building? who knows how this will go over annoyed 
how do you tell apart the friends that will always be there for u and the friends the will just stab u in the back?
\this night is sparkling, don't you let it go\8b808172cf8e548203967acd82f467e5,i love the titanic love 
"yayyyyy no school, just hw, practice and rehearsal smile "
"so many test teachers r trying to cram in,\stop cramming!"
yay tomorrow i get to <propfemale> out with my buds smile  yay
exams tomorrow good luck everyone smile 
so tierd i really need a nap
longest day of my life sad 
"this weeks gonna be awsome, i have a feeling smile "
grrrr snow annoyed  the only thing that might be good about snow is snow days and no way r we getting one tomorrow annoyed 
i miss <propfemale> fowler! we need to <propfemale> out more that one time at the mall wasn't enough!
"tomorrow's sunday, that's sad sad "
why do sheep brains smell like old lady?
"movies tonite, my first social weekend in like a year  swimming is ruining my social life sad "
"u know when u walk down the hall and c someone u know and they wave so u wave back, but then u realize they were waving to the person behind u, yeah it's embarrassing annoyed "
hanging out with <propfemale> pelfrey tonight super excited smile 
a really horrible scary movie+a really crappy original disney channel movie=awesome movie night with <propfemale> pelfrey
homework over spring break sucks annoyed 
