23b62e8828fbe755ac15d8eb0ca4f359
   just started a new blog at mrsjaymay23 blogspot com     check it out if you want  smile 
really looking forward to going to l a  in a week! gonna go visit some people and go to disneyland with the hubby!  smile 
gettin prepared for the facebook switch over    i dont really like the idea of myspace selling user info to <propmale> collectors    makes you go hmmm   
"if i came with a warning label, what would\it say? (comment   then copy and paste this to your status and see the\warnings you get)"
pulling out my hair trying to access the internet using the wii because my laptop crapped out on me and isn't working! <propfirst> will have to take a look at it 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!! i love you all!!!  joyful 
yesterday was awesome!!! thanks for all the birthday wishes; it made my day!!!! lots of love to you all!!!  smile 
"had a wonderful day with the hubs, friends, and family at my birthday party!!!  joyful "
fate rarely calls upos us at a time of our choosing and that time is now     you can only do your best with the situation at hand 
happy 4th everyone!!! what are your plans?
"i feel low energy    despite that, my brother encouraged me to do some stretches and i feel a little better!  smile "
not liking this hot weather    wish it was winter already
"ah   the smell of pay day! unfortunately, almost the whole thing goes to bills this time   "
inception was a weird but good movie overall!  smile 
facebook is sooo not user friendly!!! arggg!!
gonna <propfemale> out with my best <propmale> today! looking forward to it  smile 
feel achy from rearranging my room but i like the way it looks!  smile 
i'm simply exhilarated with my car up and running again! my super duper awesome hubby <propfirst> may fixed it!!!!! yay!!!!!!!
   didn't do much for mine and <propfirst>'s anniv but we both had a good time enjoying each others company today!  smile 
thanks for the anniversary wishes!!!  smile 
another busy day   
tonight we get to see if we are on tv or not!
havin fun workin on a blog to make money! yay!
"if you want to check out my blog, the web address is: bmw328igrl wordpress com    i must forewarn you it is a work in progress  smile "
the weekend seemed like it flew by!!! where does the time really go? anyone have any ideas???
happy that my blog is taking off! yay!
looking forward to halloween! <propfirst> is almost done with the entire war machine costume! (war machine is from the movie iron man 2 for those of you who don't know the character) i will post pics as soon as i have some  smile 
tomorrow is the big night for <propfirst>! hope we win some more money!  smile 
"halloween was awesome! it would have been more awesome if <propfirst> won the contest last night  he came in second place; unfortunately, there was no second place prize!  sad  i dressed up as \black widow\"" (<propfemale> johansson's character from iron man 2) but people thought i was a correctional officer!  playful """
tgif! the week seemed to drag on    no big plans but i do enjoy the weekend!  smile 
someone is hogging the computer    someone has found facebook and enjoys it too much!
thanksgiving was a blast! had a lot of fun hanging out with everyone!  smile  how was everyone elses thanksgiving?
feel a little under the weather today    i felt like i had a slight fever last night  still got chores and laundry to do today  gonna be busy workin on my website today; new look and new info!  smile 
just finished pulling out all my hair from working on my website all day    i do like the new look though  smile 
"btw, there are still some glitches from me switching to the new web design; let me know of any that you see please   smile "
"believe those who are seeking the truth   doubt those who find it   ~andre gide\is that not the truth or what?"
i was outside raking leaves when all of a sudden a dog came up to me  she was a sweet little dog  we tried to find her owner but to no avail  her tags appeared to be old  we put her in the backyard while i went inside to get her some food and water  when i came back out she was gone   sad  there was a little hole underneath the fence that she must have crawled out   sad 
"got some work to do    wait, why am i on facebook then????"
"dont get me wrong, i love the holidays but i hate when jerks are on the loose    got yelled at today from some jerk saying \i took his parking spot\"" not only that but he came banging on my trunk to tell me that    such a jerk!!"""
i hate that i get headaches before it rains   but i guess i at least get a forewarning and i can let others know when its gonna rain   smile 
my computer crashed! so annoying! now im stuck using the wii temporarily til i can figure something out!
"i hate being sick! i swear that everytime i get sick, something always happens that keeps me from staying in bed   "
"making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity  -<propfirst> mingus"
"if you could have anything this xmas, what would it be? (regardless of money)"
<propfemale> xmas to all! i hope you all got what you wanted this year!  smile 
"<propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propmale> are coming over soon to <propfemale> out with us and watch a movie! it will be fun; we are gonna make a fire and have some yummy spaghetti with some dessert afterwards!!!"
off to another day of website updates and taking care of sick people at the martinez house   smile 
"i'm soooo excited!!! my laptop is up and running again; all it needed was a charger!\yay!!!!"
i have the world's most awesomest husband ever! he has been taking extremely good care of me right now    he's making me feel better much faster  smile 
"does anyone know of a place where you can learn how to work on bmws online? i want to learn how to work on them so that way i can fix some things   smile  maybe a \how to fix a 98 bmw 328i for dummies\"" book? lol!"""
question re-phrase: does anyone know of a place online where i can learn to work on bmws? ( i re-read the old question and thought it sounded funny! lol!)
don't really have any big plans for the weekend but i am looking forward to it   smile  now off to working on the website again   smile 
had a great time hangin' with may today! she is a blast!  laugh 
"jsyk    facebook can give your personal information (i e, phone <propfirst>, e-mails, addresses; etc   ) to third party people    if you don't want your information out there for these people, delete it  i did \\if any of you guys want to call me and don't have my number, contact me and i will send it to you via e-mail  i will be more than happy to give you my contact info   smile "
not feeling well today  didn't sleep well  sad 
"when it rains, it freakin' pours!!!! i'm sooo upset  someone got a hold of <propfirst>'s card info and charged $99 dollars worth of gas to our account  now we are in the negative and to make it worse, he gets paid tomorrow and the bank said that they can't do anything about the transaction till it goes through the account  so hopefully they give us the money back right away  *getting a headache from the aggravation*"
"got some triop eggs in my aquarium   smile  waiting for them to hatch  if you don't know what triops are, they are also known as sea monkeys   smile "
the triops hatched! i bet you there are at least a thousand of those little buggers in there! lol! they are kinda gross looking!
waiting for doctor to get her butt over here already
"nothing wreaks more than fake \positive reinforcement\""   """
waiting at the dmv sucks   
it can be so confusing sometimes  lol! i have brine shrimp not triops  i will have to take pics for you guys when they get bigger so you can see them   smile 
help me brainstorm here: what are the types of things that you buy online? what are things that you only buy online?
had a very nice time with the family at the crab feed  smile 
hope u feel better!  smile 
just finished eating and cleaning the kitchen  now i'm just relaxin and watchin tv
at applebees with the hubby
hanging out with may today! yay!!!  smile 
looking forward to finally getting a working phone!!!!  laugh 
anyone have skype? i'm new to skype  does anyone know how to work this thing? any pointers or a quick layout that someone can give me?
"i was on youtube looking for new material to add to my website when i came across a news video on there on an incident where robbers that broke into a house poisoned a fish in an aquarium  you know why the robbers did it? they said because they didn't want any witnesses!!!! i mean, really?!!"
"i'm frustrated with my computer! so many things don't work on it anymore! microphone <propfirst>, cd drive, and bluetooth don't work on my comp    time to upgrade but where to find the money   "
oh my gosh! it's snowing!!! yeah right! no it's not! *sarcastic mood from hopes being up about snow*  playful  you suck meteorologists!
having some nice quality time with the hubby
my sweetie pie is such a sweetheart    he made a special trip to the store to get me coffee  wink 
going to go to schollenberger park with my bestest friend may  smile 
had a great time last night with may and the hubbs   smile 
"i hate spammers! if you are fed up with them, \like\"" this status update"""
thought for the day: one knows their imperfections more than anyone else; telling someone about their imperfections doesnt help
got a lot of stuff done today!  smile  yay me!
"it is so annoying when people keep changing agreements with you  once something is agreed upon, quit trying to alter it to fit your \current\"" needs """
"mmm    starbucks in the a m on a rainy saturday morning  \ thanks to my hubby for getting it for me  wink  now i can sit in my pjs in bed and keep cozy under blnkts"
one of my angelfish is dying   sad  he had a case of pop eye that i didn't notice   sad 
"thank you to everyone that \liked\"" the howtocareforfish com <propfemale>!  smile  it really helps people become more aware of keeping fish healthy and happy   smile """
just started a new exercise regimen   smile  just did a good run on the treadmill  smile 
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i can comment on yours too! be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you think;"
"anyone want a nikon coolpix s3000? $80 \hit me up if you are interested    practically like  new aand comes with everything even the box"
