64e27f87999c7990f775aafb98a24a51
somebody call  seriously bored 
had a nice sober newyear with good friends 
work in 4 hrs!! bowling was totally worth it!
hearts bodybuilding 
listening to some oceanlab and spacing out 
quads glutes and hams  nuked 
ready to get these finals over with 
is getting fat!
knees hurt 
fafsa makes me want to break shit 
"\you guys are all hot until you start talking   \""  - anonymous girl from the gym"""
is in the best mood ever!
still not figured out what i am doing for newyear 
i love snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today couldn't get much worse   
has a lot of stuff to do today   
is learning   
got a webcam!!!!
worst week ever   
soul calibur pisses me off more than anything ever 
my phone doesn't work  temporarily stop texting  use facebook  i should have a new phone with the same number within the next week or two 
fml 
apparently my bed is now shared with an overweight cat   
extremely tired  its only 11:10  this normal sleep schedule thing is killing me 
another day 
throwing down some new loops  might finish this one 
needs some new music to listen to  any suggestions?
everybody!!!- i got a new phone  my number is 812-718-9347  easy to remember huh?   still trying to figure out how the heck it works  one of those touch screen palm pri things 
echausted like crazy 
metabolism  out of control 
just got done doing 3 hrs of homework i didn't even know i had  i see a nap happening tomorow   
i have decided the videogames have gone too far  i walked out onto the iupuc campus today in the snow and for a solid 3 or 4 seconds i was subconciously scoping the field infront of me for potential land mines   
worthless day 
making stir fry for the first time  wish me luck!
gyros for the win
time to do taxes!!
time for legs    ugh 
everyone but me is sick!!!! going to hide in my room till all of this passes!
absolutely exhausted 
listening to radiohead for the first time in forever   completely blown away like its the first time i heard them  every time 
this morning can't possibly get any worse 
"alright kids, the phone number is back to the original 812-592-8898 as of as soon as i get to the verizon place in the morning  returned the palm  sprint sucks  so text me  doing nothing but studying finite tomorow  sad "
"dragonforce seems to aid you in doing any kind of task a whole lot faster   not sure whether you get pumped from the music or just want to get as far away from it as possible--- as soon as possible   either way, powerstudying for the win!"
is honestly looking foreward to going to work at 6017  yea   its been one of those weeks 
snow + toast + dir en grey= win 
feels horrible  sad 
finally got some sleep  amazing 
is facebook a piece of crap and slow stuff down and not send messages for everyone or does it just hate me?
diet starts monday!!!
strange 
rock bottom!
one week down  12 to go 
frustration on an epic level 
"why, hello abs  it's been a while "
just found diet a&w cream soda at kroger   life just greatly improved   
late night pickle run at kroger  dieting for a show is kinda like pregnancy   
finishing up writing my i minute of music for the may 22 bodybuilding competition!
got the best phone call ever 
ksh patta patta patta patta ksh  patta patta patta patta ksh patta patta patta ksh+bap jig jig    jigga jigga ji-ga ji-ga jigga jigga
needs a new profile picture 
grape fruit!!
egg whites and finite 
bored  hit me up  592-8898
sick  very sick  no time for this   grr
mangled the front of my car on a deer this morning  sad 
glad to be somewhat back into the swing of things 
had an awesome run through cbus this morning!
driving a prius until car is dealt with
ugh  stressed 
hoping this whole car thing works out 
"dear comcast and or my router, i hate you "
   weird   
needs a ride up to fishers to get my car!!!!
just precooked and packed 8 meals and cleaned the kitchen in 40 minutes  record time 
working on posing  5 more weeks and 10 more pounds  getting uncomfortably close 
car isn't happy  sad 
starving    
the bimmer apparently has 3 bent rims  anybody want to donate?
hell yea!!! a voice activated- talking pokedex app for my phone! i knew this droid would be useful eventually!!
tea time!
i think everything that can possibly screw up screws up  worst <propfemale> ever or something   
sc2 finally has a release date   about time!!!
can't wait to get fat again!!!!
this hellish semester is almost over   
bodybuilding show in the morn! wish me luck kiddies!
"soooooo relieved that today is over  met a ton of cool people today,and got a pleasant surprise of support from awesome friends!!  ended up third in my division  will do better next time due to many things learned  if anybody has pics (that don't suck   if you can find any) post em! i don't have any    food time! gotta gain that 55lbs back!"
swole season 
ac is finally on   the chances of me flipping out and breaking shit has decreased by    100%
"a couple of competition pictures are now up in my pictures for those who didn't go  they aren't very good, but they were the only ones i could get currently "
needs to quit being a grump!
is really getting into folk metal 
hate   summer  want to move north   way north 
quadz  ow 
<propfirst> c food store pastries   why do you taunt me so   
good night  good friends 
anybody know of good piano teachers?
needs to quit training so late!
who wants to play some soccer next week??
a swim under the stars was a perfect way to end the night!
according to my phone it is 78 degrees and <propfemale> with 0% <propmale> of precipitation and a flash flood watch   
mag bar 
time for the work week  sad 
can't sleep as usual 
is going to miss the game  sad  somebody has to keep me updated!
"wait, it was this morning! deutschland!! lol!"
wearing swimtrunks to work was a phenomenal idea!
on the way to tennessee   4 days with no gym   i may lose my mind!
"a steaming cup of coffee, a good book and a beautiful mountain range right off of my balcony high above the trees  i think this will be a good day "
damn black bear ruined my run  sad 
insomnia like crazy   
freedom   finally  what shall i do this week   
write music or sleep  this is a frequent question 
clothes shopping   why can't things come in bodybuilder sizes?
where is a good place to eat lunch in louisville? and where is a good gym?? time to drive around and figure it out   
nothing like night city driving to some good trance music!
very long day   
survived another work week  sleep sounds amazing 
a full night of sleep is amazing! so pumped 
"a good book, a steady downpour outside and some trance radio   good afternoon!"
so sore   more so than usual   what the hell
ugh   why am i so patient   
"made some new friends, danced a lot- good night!"
mmmm bdubs
anybody wan't to come and train legs today?? i have no workout <propmale>  kiss (
most insane leg day i have had in months!  smile 
can't handle this heat  it needs to be fall asap!
can't stand watching what people eat!
wants to play some dance dance revolution   asap!
overtime!! yay!!!
drove a crystler sebring all the way to louisville  sad  made me appreciate the hell out of my bimmer!!
home from overtime  time for some much needed sleep!
finally  a day to relax a bit after a crazy week 
my gluuuuuuuuuutes!!!  sad 
just wants a solid night of sleep! maybe monday   
more overtime this week! good and bad i suppose 
ahhh  nothing like taking a long shower and laying around in a towel after being in a warehouse for the past three days!
composer's block   
i wish i could do some kind of brain imaging e playful eriment to see what trance music is causing up there  makes my day better no matter what!
time to teach the little punks!  playful 
sc2   see everybody in a couple of weeks   
"is a bit tired of boxes, twelve hour shifts, and not having a weekend "
way too many decisions all at once!!! stress  sad 
another 10 hrs of overtime!
skipped the gym today   work is killer 
just got a free xbox 360   well   almost free  30$ replacement drive     seriously   nerdgasm   thank you gos 
"watching \made in germany\"" about <propmale> ruhl  his wife is bigger than me   humiliation   """
legs are so sore i can hardly walk!
thinking about getting one of those 25$ phone plans that run off verizon towers  my droid is worthless for my needs  all i use is the gps  save me 60 bucks a month   
dysmorphia sucks   
can't sleep
pumped out of my mind about having my mondays back!
tgim!!
needs to get out and have a good evening  lacking stimuli 
quadz
quite a frustrating day 
fresh
why can't life be like harvest <propfemale>?
is terrified of fountain drinks because the diet might actually not be diet   
just cooked the best meal ever!
"listening to some opeth  it has been too long, they blow my mind every time   "
needs training partner tonight asap! mine all bailed!
mmmmmm sushi
i wish i had signed up for cable tv with the internet just so i could watch hgtv   
this breakfast buffet has no idea the carnage which is going to ensue   
pwning homework face!!!
baking 
feeling ill
anyone want to buy a droid in perfect condition? (no not the kind that fits in your x-wing) i am going to be parting with mine soon  i don't use any of the apps or internet stuff 
desperate times call for desperate measures  guess ill have to be a stripper 
giving random people i don't know nutrition advice in the cafe
i think i could eat protein brownies all day every day   mmmmmmmmm
feeling burnt out 
one of those angry days i suppose 
seeing muse tomorrow!
davin
piece of shit smart phones  lol 
muse was phenomenal  pics and video up soon 
i hear sirens  since i live in a rural area i never hear sirens  i do hear sirens a lot when i visit cities  i love cities  brain immediately associates sirens with cities (positive stimuli)  i hear sirens and get all happy  bizarre 
needs a knee replacement  maybe two  i blame the warehouse   
quit wearing those dumb shoes  they aren't going to make you not fat 
thinks life is going to improve immensely during the next couple of months  smile 
i hate my kneeeees!!!!
sometimes i wonder if am the only person with a last fm account that has both a dimmu borgir and <propmale> styles channel   
 smile 
rode a horse today!
finally have figured out what is wrong with the bimmer!! just have to fix it now   and pay for parts    sigh   
thanks everybody! my birthday has been great!
going outta my head
wonderful weather! i wish i had time to go hiking!
trying to figure out gradschool options makes me want to scream   
boiling 4 or 5 dozen eggs! yummm
louisville tonight!!
a perfect november day! makes me want to sit down with a book and some tea!
wants the next two weeks to be over   now
nitrous oxide finally has a full cd out!!!!!!!!!
"wishes i could have some christmas music, lights, snow, a big sweater, a stiff drink, and a good videogame! it is that time of year   i hate you, finals   i hate you   "
meow
is going kinda crazy   
"\everytime i hear a bassdrop i want to chokehold a deer!\"" --rj hicks while listening to a deathcore track   """
trying to do all of your internet stuff from your phone is like having dialup all over again    i think the ptsd is coming back   
has a wicked cold but had a perfect christmas anyway!
is excited about the future   for the first time 
hungry   always  sad 
there are many mornings stand in front of a mirror   silent   cold   taking a long hard look at the man who stares back at me   and i think to myself   what the hell!!?? i look like i should be in a tekken game   
i hate taking nutrition courses in college  pop general nutrition is so much different than fitness nutrition  if i hear the words low fat diet one more time i am going to scream   
this semester will probably be by far the hardest one i have for my undergrad  annoyed  second week of school and i literally have no free time unless it cuts into my sleep   
is oddly chipper   
"cant wait for 60s, green and thunderstorms!"
taking a whole week off from the gym for the first time in more than 3 years  it would seem that i have mono  sad 
"mono it is  got the bloodwork done today  plus a sinus infection that has spread to my throat just for good measure! i suppose this is a good opportunity to let everything recover muscle wise, as well as recover from over-use of stimulants lol "
first day back to the gym!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the day after leg day is always irritating because i can't tell if my quads are twitching or if my phone is constantly ringing in my pocket   
i   hate   mono 
desperately needs change 
all nighter   still not done with homework   i hate this semester   luckily its with perfect company  smile 
was in an awful mood and then saw new skyrim screenshots   ooooooooooo
wish i could train like back in highschool   
uninspired 
so much homework!!!!
i love it when oncourse decides to magically erase a post that took me a good 45 minutes to write   
cheesy biscuits   
slowly people make me lose what little remaining faith i have in the human race  i just want to meet someone i can respect 
i just calculated i get about 350-525g of carbs just from <propfemale> bunches of oats per day   
d&d needs to happen    and happen soon!
just discovered the secrets of dubstep composition on fl studio   about time!
i need everyone to send me their phone number asap  i have a new phone and my old one is toast  lost every single contact!!
<propfirst> <propmale> blows my mind 
at times my rate of consumption is annoying   
this will be the crappiest night next day ever  i hate procrastination 
"nothing destroys the self esteem like being an a student and staring at a stats final, frustrated that you can't think of how to solve the problems, knowing that you will have to retake the class  your thousand dollars were spent merely to put you through immense amounts of stress for an entire semester "
awesome! the republican headquarters next door is having a meeting!!! thanks for stealing every parking spot in a three block radius! i hope you don't mind winds of plague resonating through your walls!!!
love some goa trance at night 
time to move north  i can't handle being in an oven every time i walk out of my apartment 
"you know you are a nerd when you are looking to download a series called \into the worm hole\"" and you spell it \""wyrm\""   """
wants to go on a trip 
needs a workout <propmale> tonight asap!!
is writing a pretty cool trance track  it will be posted as soon as it is finished!
is a viking 
holy crap i'm almost 240lbs! happy day 
<propfemale> kemp is the sweetest person alive  i came home and she had made me a delicious dinner!!!
wants icecream 
new vnv cd tomorrow!!!
just downloaded ff7 for my phone! maybe there is some hope in this world   
i wish there was more time in a week  i want to go hiking!
