04256ef2398062fb2b79f74b08c55604
god i hate looking for schools none of what they say makes sense 
i'm home
hates being on hold for doctor's offices 
can't sleep so i'm sorting through some of my photos 
i had my own <propmale> holiday moment today    pictures to follow 
 
l'amertume remplit mon coeur 
people suck 
why is it that there never seems to be anything to do on sunday nights and i'm always restless then?
farmville is down     oh no! what will i do instead  guess it's back to the book
farmville has snow!!!!
trying to learn to just let go and drift 
<propfemale> x-mas to all 
blue
how do you send a mass email on facebook?
what is that funny stat <propfemale>? i book marked it but now i can't find it
doesn't know what to feel but wishes it didn't hurt
please participate in my barn raising
loves snow days  no work 
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  ? so love the people who treat you right  ? forget about the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it     post to your wall if you agree! the man that wrote this is indeed correct"
i hate job hunting
lol
busy and productive morning  i want to quit and it's only 10 30 i hate job hunting
please no more bricks just everything else
who is this face i see in the mirror and why isn't she me?
"for those still sending me building supplies, thank you but my stable is built "
stayed up too late studying     now i'm really tired 
i really hate change  not looking forward to what i have to do tomorrow 
heros is an awesome show
well i'm an official server at the texas roadhouse!
so connected and so far away
really long day solved by milanos   
twelve long hours at work with 3 of them being down right brutal and i have to do it again tomorrow  no wonder i don't want to move  it was so worth it though and my manager said he's going to give me a new section tomorrow so maybe i'll make even more money    yeah   
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  i had a great birthday 
can i go to never never land?
supper excited about <propfirst> coming tomorrow 
"had a great day yesterday and today, the jemez was so relaxing and e playful lora was cool with <propfirst> "
je quitte cet place comme une ombre sous <propfemale> so<propfemale>il  <propfemale> vie change autour de moi et je change avec lui 
i totally want a pet dragon
i'm missing <propfirst>  sad 
only shooting stars break the mold 
i wonder what it says about me that i laugh with my eyes closed?
i hate it when the game i'm addicted to doesn't work
i love my cat! he makes the world just a little bit better
so tired  long weekend    how is everyone?
"it is all very well, when the pen flows, but then there are the dark days when imagination deserts one, and it is an effort to put anything down on paper  that little you have achieved stares at you at the end of the day, and you know the next morning you will have to scrape it down and start again elizabeth aston, the true <propfemale> spirit, 2006"
time to force myself to go to the gym   
got to love taco <propfemale> for late night munchies
"love sheets that just come out of the dryer    so nice and warm, you just want to cuddle down in them and never leave "
finally finished my halloween costume
"u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing theirfamily while u are safe at home  in the minute it takes u to read this,military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but theyare also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's militaryappreciation week  re-post if u are in the military, love a militarymember, or appreciate our troops"
happy halloween
the man in the <propfemale>   
i'm moving up in the world and it feels good  plus more money for me    it was a really good night at work    except for the pulled muscle of course 
i want to fly in a balloon    
stupid cat stands in the middle of the street and meows at me like he's not going to get chased down and spanked     why can't he stay in the yard like a good cat?
i get my car back today!!!!
pleasantly tired after a trip to the gym with my gym <propmale>  feeling healthier by the minute 
like the snow but don't like not being able to go anywhere 
hanging out with <propfirst> getting nails done then movie and gym  pretty good day off!
thanks to mom now i'm craving brownies!
yesterday was amazing!!!
going to make some money  smile 
watching color splash    i'm an hgtv slut     time to move some furniture around again 
got an iphone!!!!   smile 
minds are like parachutes they only function when they are open- fortune cookie
<propfirst> and me swing dancing
the pbr was awesome!!!
another great night at the pbr
wonderful last day at the pbr  guess i'm ready to go back to work tomorrow smile 
played with my bow got my car back and swing dancing  pretty good day off
