2f45e1ee22c1aa91905f789c0ae24370
gets to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> tomorrow! yay!
is going to <propfirst>'s today 
"just watched rambo: first blood part 1, and part 2  i'm pissed because we don't own rambo iii"
loves <propfirst>
just got done doing yard-work for my mom for like 3 hours  i am tired!
"should go to bed, but isn't "
is about to watch saving private <propfirst>
is astounded at the great movie saving private <propfirst> 
has a bunch of crap to do tomorrow 
is going to watch a movie tonight    haven't quite figured out what yet   
watched good will hunting last night  that was a very good movie 
r i p  <propfirst> mays! (age 50) 
is listening to pink <propmale>  it's been a while  
is getting his new phone (the same one) activated 
"is putting all his music (over 350 songs) onto his phone, because his old phone screwed up and deleted all of it  piece of crap!"
"dude, it is 1:22 am"
happy 4th of july  i'm just sitting at home   *sigh*
just played warioworld for the first time (gamecube)  its awesome!
is probably doing nothing but playing <propfemale> tomorrow   i just got wind waker   pretty awesome
is waiting for fedex to deliver his phone case (silicone) cuz he just got a new one and wants protection!
is thinking about the past   some good some bad   
doesn't know what to watch    im not tired (with 6 hours of sleep)
just woke up   pretty bad
had 1 hour of sleep last night       
just got back from cedar point    it was fun 
is getting a haircut tomorrow  you can tell from the pic i need one 
"saw <propmale> potter at 12:20 am this morning  that movie left out so many crucial parts from the book, and honestly, if you havn't read the book you would be totally lost  plus, they made stuff up  i liked it, but it agrivated me "
fixed his airsoft gun  it's time   
just woke up   i need to stop waking up at the crack of noon 
doesnt know what to do today
just realized the super smash bros  brawl theme is in latin 
is freaking confused 
is finally going to bed 
is doing nothing
wants to watch rambo iii
might <propfemale> with his cousin today 
is mad that it stopped raining (in toledo)
"just saw \yes man\"" i liked it """
is doing nothing today    pity
is listening to system of a down
just got a new clip for my airsoft gun  sweet 
should probably go to bed    yeah    nows good 
"just beat \the conduit\"" (wii)  it is (to me) the best of nintendo's first person shooters since \""goldeneye\""  an excellent game """
is tired from working all day 
is debating whether or not to watch <propfemale> wars 
doesn't know what to do on this rainy day  clean?
isn't sure what he should do right now  
is feeling nostalgic 
is going to bed  i'm freaking tired!
just biked 10 <propmale> 
"is so  pissed at verizon  i am now incapable of using my phone, until 2  plus, all this morning "
finally got his phone settled and fixed 
"wow, phones screwed up again  of course "
not sure what to do today 
just got back from the wedding reception  congrats mrs  <propfemale> pickle!!
party!!!!! at 4!
"should probably get to bed soon, but not gonna happen   "
played <propmale> of persia (warrior within) for the past few hours  good game  bed time though  orientation tomorrow 
orientation today  i still haven't picked my classes for my schedule  this will be interesting 
"wow, i didnt even get my schedule  i feel so left out "
finally got his schedule  7th period lunch  funfunfun
is on his brother's new <propmale> book  this is pretty impressive  im most likely going to get one when i go to college  smile 
"is finally getting his locker number and combo tomorrow  naturally, i have to bike there  why must these things take so long?"
"didn't get his locker today  when i got there they were out to lunch  then when i came back, it was closed  going there at 7 a m  tomorrow "
is going to bed early  needs to get up at 6 smile 0 am to get to northview by 7 
does anyone have 6th period lunch??
just got home from the gaf  has to go to church in his work cloths  great 
just saw valkyrie  enough said 
just finished his homework  none for the rest of the day!
is so mad his freaking nintendo64 stopped working  that was my childhood!
is on facebook from his internet channel on his wii  just got it
is looking forward to this weekend 
is going to bed  lot of stuff this weekend 
is sick  this sucks 
has a fever  this sucks
is staying in his room all day with a fever and sore throat  hope i can go to school tomorrow 
is all better!
had a great day today  especially for a monday 
just started his homework now  can't make a habit of this 
is pretty awake  surprising due to the fact that i had 7 hours of sleep 
for some reason has the russian national anthem stuck in his head   
can't wait for friday!!!! it's gonna be intense!!!
just got a working dreamcast!!
just watched rambo iii  not as bad as i remember it  actually a good movie   
just read 30 pages of mlia    awesome
"just got home from last nights halloween party   wow, i feel    no more <propfemale>"
is on his bro's <propmale> book  amazing!
just watched back to the future  always good to see
just finished that paper due in benya tomorrow    i had to retype the whole thing because i forgot my rough draft at school   awesome  sad 
is so mad!!! the airsoft gun i just bought isn't working properly!!!
just got back from an airsoft sleepover  my gun was awesome
is playing earthbound  awesome
just beat pokemon red version    i feel so accomplished  laugh  
is starting his english project    happy new year! welcome 2010!
"is rather indifferent regarding school tomorrow  i realize it is entirely necessary, but part of me feels im just not ready  oh well, time to face reality "
is having a dr  house moment 
is in deep thought 
snow!!!
geux saints!
snowday tomorrow as well?
is looking forward to this long weekend  laugh 
is finishing the french project    looks like crap  
is happy its the weekend
tomorrow is friday!
should go to bed? nahh    <propfirst> kart!
is getting his math on!
got a new (but the same) phone 
modern warefare for the wii: awesome
thanks everyone for all of the awesome birthday wishes!!!!
is feeling    abnormal today 
is fixing his ps2    finally broke after 9 years of use    thank god they sell new today!
fixed his ps2    after about two hours of work!
is for some reason on facebook when he should be in bed   ?
braces arn't too bad!
is not going to festurama  laugh 
for the first time all day my freaking internet works!!!! yay!!!
is glad it's the weekend  how much homework can teachers cram in in 3 more days of actual classes? a lot!!
"is \liking\"" pretty much every status on facebook   """
odst    kind of sucks
i'm out!!!
grand theft auto 4  theres my day 
has been engulfed with boredom  what shall i do?
mw2 =  laugh 
xbox ruined assasin's creed 2  sad 
assasin's creed 2  smile 
types in the 3rd person 
"recieved free mcdonald's for \lack of service\""  complaining is awesome """
chocolate milk is awesome
is honoring <propfirst> mays by keeping his caps lock on!
megaman is so frustrating!
"sleep is needed, but will not come   "
"forget call of duty, halo and whatnot    let's bust out n64 goldeneye!"
"needs to go to sleep, but must stay awake in order to put sheets on his bed   sad "
"i have no idea how to spend my sunday night, so what do i do? alphabetize and list every n64 game and the countless vhs movies i own "
dirty work is sooo funny!
n64 perfect dark is even better than it was back in the day!
thinks collegehumor is awesome!
does anyone know if there is summer homework for ap us history?
got his bottom braces on   ouch
my old computer finally works! thank you will butler!
got up early again today    tired once again 
is eating bagelbites for the first time in a while 
doesn't know what he is doing today 
<propfemale> coke!!!!
who else has 5th period lunch!?!
4 hours of sleep  laugh 
back from northview    apparently i can't switch my 5th lunch and 7th gym
one good ps1 game: medal of honor
needs to trick out his room 
halo reach is pretty cool 
is quite angry 
is quite happy now 
18 hole game of golf with cousins reciting happy gilmore quotes  turned out to be a fun sunday 
time for the bio powerpoint    due tuesday    uuugggghhh
got the(airsoft)  ak fixed!!! yay! thanks again to <propfirst> needham!
wow did this weekend go fast  sad 
is awesome 
"for some reason cannot access his youtube account    just says \try again later\""  fine work now!!! but    nope   """
a gunner's dream: pink <propmale> 
bioshock    nuff said 
"feels great to be completely awake with 10 hours of sleep and another day of leaf raking! not as bad, plus an overnight at <propmale>'s house to look forward to! winwin!"
good morning 
"can no longer speak in the third person, for my name is not before the sentence, but above   "
<propfirst> smallets is one awesome dude 
hardcore!
still freaking foggy outside!
procrastination   how facebook aids it   
the wall is a terrible movie!
too early for this crap  annoyed  why must i wake up at 5 smile 0?
j'ai envie de dormir!
well    ultimate was awesome   and the rain made it better    and    we have a late start tomorrow    and    fricker's wings soon    and    well that's all that is on my mind    for now       
procrastinating got me stuck with doing the 10 pages for papa d (mr  dubiel)    plus i have to deal with benya's journal crap    and math    oh well  time to get sh-stuff done!
80s music  laugh 
pineapple e playful ress  laugh ~~
lazy day   rake    dubial sentences    music    meh
just got finished cleaning room and organizing attic  whew!
modern warefare 1 is better than 2 
ultimate was really cool  pizza time!    oh yeah    and homework!
time for    not knowing how the rest of my weekend will turn out  oh well!
this weekend? assassin's creed brotherhood!
nous avons <propfemale> jour neige!
super <propfirst> world is awesome
oh christmas    how close you are!
how shall i spend my break?
just waiting for christmas   
how do i turn the shuffle off on my ipod?
sprained my wrist    funfunfun
break is ending so soon! crap
does not want to do papa d's sentences     *sigh*   
"weekend, but still have to do benya project    what fun"
"so <propmale> street near my house, someone hit a telephone pole which happened to have a gas line beneath it so that was burning while no one had any power   busted out the flashlights and here comes the power! by far an interesting  night "
having the satisfaction of having all hw done a d my room clean while listening to system of a down is awesome! plus going on facebook on an ipod touch is nice too 
no school? well we probably will have it    meh
"got the old dinosaur (12 year old pc) set up with the \new\"" monitor  i'm just glad this thing works! yippee!"""
does anyone remember (the band) bush?
just looked through 7th and 8th grade yearbooks   wow!
?????? aka hello in russian
teaching ers to my mommy whom is catching on fast  very fun  wink 
loading 15gigs of music off of a 500gb external onto a 12 year old pc  lets just say it takes a while 
the only problem with taking pictures on an ipod touch is getting them onto a computer   
get smart is such a funny movie
"i love how all these people are \studying\"" but still go on facebook saying how bad it is lol jk"""
no exams tomorrow  smile  last 3 start thursday
is learning russian
fixed my nes (again) just in time for a snow day! time for some <propfirst>!
time to finish studying for geometry (somehow) and bio  why am i telling you this? procrastination from studying that's why    crap    off to studying   
borrowing my bro's xbox    only problem is there is no harddrive  hehe   
is getting addicted to starcraft
waiting for the bus sucks    wait i have wifi out here? cool
wants black ops now
ipod died- exchanged it for anothr at target  thanks to the dinosaur pc it took 5 hours to upload my music  fun stuff
can't sleep  will bevery pleasant tomorrow im sure    
"guess what has 33letters? that's right! the russian alphabet   don't forget, some letters are <propfirst> too "
"for some reason i was looking forward to school  oh well, i'm over it "
porch chairs blew away so i just went on a search and rescue mission to extract them from the street and relocate them to the back yard- all without touching the snow i'm my yard  i sidled across my fence  it was epic!
like a boss!
watching every <propmale> potter movie  hahahahaha
"spiderman was on my girl, so i beat him with a rubber hose  i whooped spiderman's ***!\- <propfirst> <propmale>"
needs new music   
? ?????? ??? ??????? ??????? which was all typed on my russian keyboard  
just got live- time for some cod!    tomorrow     i'm tired   
"think not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for it "
ready to take on the day
had to go to ut with my mom due to the lack of power at my house    for one day and still going 
j'ai changé la langue de facebook il par<propfemale> <propfemale> français
the boombox is not a toy!
what if he shot me in the face? that's a risk we were willing to take!
"we've got no money, we've got no jobs, our pets heads are falling off!"
j'aime bien <propfemale> français!
let's do this 
waiting for black ops to come in the mail    c'mon!
propaganda postrers are the best
suuupppeerrr mmmeeaatt-boyyy!
what? not snow! my biggest weakness!
? ????? ????
wants a revolver airsoft gun- too bad they are only 6rd and gas   
waaarrrppppzzzzoonnnee!!!- smboy
"surprisingly, this weekend is going really slow  sweet"
i hate being tired
"so i picked up my ipod to hear some <propmale> goodman and it fell from my hands and somehow rolled to the other room   i guess my ipod doesn't like that, rammstein it is then "
trigger happy tv  smile 
"?????????? ???? ????? ????? ?????-???????  my first sentence, i'm so proud "
??????? ??????  you know who you are in bio!
remove his engine!
