842e9e0a5a79b297bbf7d1d623d4abdb
"let's see who is paying attention    every single\one of you are on my friend list is a result of a conscious decision i\am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!let's \see who in my friend list actually pays      attention copyand paste\this in your status  i will be watching to see who does4hoursago2   "
"hey, <propfemale>!  thanks for the 'not me' invite, but the only kid i've got is my cat!"
"leave one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot, anything you remember  don't send a message,leave a comment here  next, leave this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you  leave on for 24 hours, it could be interesting what people remember"
ugh! i hate being sick!
"happy birthday, <propfirst>! how much money did you raise?"
one more day 'til my vacation! can't wait!  smile 
hubby and i went fishing out on swanzey lake earlier today  caught nothing but punk'n seed! must have been a school of them under our boat!
by myself on vacay today  hubby had to go to work 
"back from getting a coffee and muffin at dunk'n donuts and washing my car  with all the suds that got on me i could have washed myself, too!  lol"
"been out on the lake fishing and then a nice, cool swim! caught nothing btw! lol"
just ate a whole jar of pickles! lol
back to work tomorrow  enjoyed vacay way too much!  smile  how do you go back to work when you're this relaxed?
"you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will answer you no matter what  you have my complete honesty, & the question will only be between you & and me    post this as your status and see what people ask you"
what does time mean to you? how would you define it?
happy birthday <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
saw a bald eagle flying aroung swanzey lake this morning!
off to church and then chior picnic afterwards! i don't sing anymore but still considered part of the chior family! nice!  smile 
i am sooooo tired!
anyone still in contact with <propmale> mcguire? can't find him on fb or anywhere else online  anybody?
"true friends don't care if you're broke, when your house is a mess, or about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are! a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you are blessed    with at least one true friend  they will know who they are!"
going to take some time from the computer for awhile  probably be on every other day or so and maybe more often on the weekends  need to take some time out for myself that isn't about virtual living!  smile 
"today is\world cancer day - i'd appreciate it if you would post this request  \93% won't repost it  a small request  just one line  dear god, i pray for\a cure for cancer  amen & thank you!"
saw the bald eagle flying around swanzey lake again today!
"it doesn't matter what you do or who you spend your with, it is the spirit with which you approach it that matters! my words     "
the homeless go without eating   elderly going without needed medicines   mentally ill without treament   troops without proper equipment   yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first!!!99% of people on facebook won't have the guts      to   repost   this!!!!!!will you???????
does anybody know how to transfer the farmvill cash you are gifted to the game? i'm clueless as to how this works!
any of my fb friends ever been to the <propmale> priory  in vermont? just curious 
"lost her grandfather, <propmale> (<propmale>) h  thompson at 5:50 this morning  prayers for me and my family, please "
buried her beloved grandfather today     he wil be deeply missed       
going to the joy wah in bellows falls to celebrate our 9th wedding annivesary!
not sure i believe in reincarnation     but i often wonder if i have been through this world before     
bleah!  feeling yucky this morning    sad 
is having trouble figuring out her greeting card program  can any of you local fb friends help?
"an fyi to my fb friends: while i still get on here on occasion, i don't really have the time or energy to keep up with more than farmville and, of course, <propfemale> pyramid when i can  trust me when i say that i am not ignoring or avoiding you "
i lost 1 5lbs of body fat working out at curves for the last month and lost a total of 2 inches! yay!!
"?????????????? ????? ??????????????\~ if you have wonderful friends, put this on your wall  ~\i'm privileged to have many  thank you, for being you  \?????????????? ????? ??????????????"
"god, i invite you into my everyday activities  help me to take my bath or shower  help me get dressed  help me to tie my shoes  help me to do the things i think i can do without you  amen "
great news! i lost 4lbs and 6 overall inches!!! yay!!!
visited and likes cornerstone baptist church in swanzey
