2d9b0a1fa096ef193d20095d97d01e84
2010 <propfemale> bowl champs!
is staying home while the rest of his family goes on vacation
putting together some jams for the 4 1 2 hour drive tomorrow
could potentially get a summer internship in worthington now?
is in florida 
tryouts   
is h6
internet!
beat the trojans!
it would be nice if we could have running water some time in the next year   
now has a full appreciation for the wonders of indoor plumbing after feeling like a hobo for the past 2 days 
is done with the first day of class 
beat the hoosiers!
can't sleep anymore
is not looking forward to watching the video today   
bandancing?
"i don't even know what to say, buckeyes   "
is evidently a sultry seller
is getting the lube ready for the chbe 200 midterm tomorrow   
thanks so much everybody for the birthday wishes!
beat the nittany lions!
bucks won    jackets won    free chili    it was a good day 
reallllly hates math right now   
i can smell the roses!
"exams, here we go   "
is a little bit annoyed that his chemical engineering grade still isn't up yet even though the final was a week ago and somehow the professors for all of the other classes found a way to post the grades   
big ten: 0 5 on new years day   epic fail 
wow   the first saturday of the quarter has officially been more boring than simply going to class   what's wrong with this picture?
no motivation    to do    anything   
is looking for something to do this weekend
needs to try sleeping some time 
so    in one week physics went from being ridiculously easy to impossible?
inconsistent weather is inconsistent 
is going to laugh so hard when his macroeconomics midterm ends up being harder than the o chem midterm 
yep   electricity and magnetism is definitely the worst subject conceived by man 
stupid weather   
new facebook layout again already    why am i not surprised?
: fueled by two hours of sleep and coffee since 1989 
so you said you wanted a little snow   
"that's what i'm talking about!  it's about freaking time, osu!"
is glad that a quarter is only 10 weeks long 
will be 21 just in time for the band dance  laugh 
"come on, thursday   "
midterms over    now it's time to slack until finals week
let's go team usa!  beat canada!
"*sigh* well, at least being an ohio native i'm used to title game losses by now   good effort for silver, though "
i still can't decide if i want to apply for nanoscale research this summer   
"found out that he has back-to-back organic chem and physics 132 finals for 4 straight hours, and they won't let him reschedule    *groan*"
ugh   exam week 
tomorrow is not going to go well     annoyed 
"well, at least it's over   for now "
nothing to do   
it's your birthday    it's on earth day   
"is having a scheduling  crisis because he suddenly realized that none of the courses he needs  to take are offered during convenient quarters, and as a result has to take  physics 133 over the summer just so that he can be forced to take physical chemistry  during marching band season   "
would appreciate it very much if verizon could actually fix his phone or replace it instead of failing twice 
diels-alder   ugh 
found a bat in his apartment 
loves working his ass off and still getting screwed anyway 
"is officially done with all of the chem 254 labs   take that, synthetic organic chemistry!"
is done with finals!
poop
amurrica!
has free time and can't figure out what to do with it    what is this madness?
what is it going to take to even be considered for just one interview?
"so evidently if you ate as much spinach as popeye, you would die from an oxalic acid overdose   oh the things they teach kids in cartoons   "
go south <propfemale>!
what's this?  it's the day of the homecoming parade and there's a 0% <propmale> of rain?  i'll believe it when i see it   
had an awesome day!  thanks so much to everyone for the birthday wishes!
buckeyes    always scaring me half to death   nice w 
the jackets are 13-6!
how do you keep your family safe from a wolverine?  move to pasadena 
<propmale> goodrich    ugh
"thank you, football players, for completely destroying the reputation of ohio state   jerks "
was part of the official e playful erience of ohio state's first victory over an sec team   bucks 
this new profile blows   really badly   i never agreed to this!
there are not enough hours in the day   
