d1e9618af626543b746b488300375313
bahumbug exams
whats on my mine? this box askes me    when did applebees become the new hot place to be?          and y the hell wasn't  i invited!!!!
just when you realize your dreams are coming true   and your just a few steps from being on top of the world you stop for a second to realize this great accomplishment means nothing without have her here with me to share it this moment with   
i didn't see the like or dislike button show up
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments "
i hit a mother freakin coon! on the the way home
thanks to everyone one for wishing a happy b-day      playful 
"for my savior, jesus christ, a new facebook challenge   i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!"
you ever wake up from a dream and just make you have a bad day     
sitting back sippin and dippin    i am going to sleep good tonight
"when something breaks you fix it, if you can cant fix it toss it and buy a new one, when you can seem to find a new one to buy do you keep looking? or say fuck it?                     sippin n dippin"
"roll roll roll um up, pick out the seeds and stems, light it up, take a puff and pass it to ya friends        "
"just finish exam 1, this weekend exam 2, no exam for the thrid or forth class yet and class 5 who knows              btw            phi theta kappa whoop whoop!"
"just a few more days    i can hear the mountian streams calling my name, and the trout fearing for their lives"
this weeks agenda work school sleep repeat til friday work fish sleep repeat!
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands; one nation under god indivisible with <propfemale> and justice for all \ i grew up reciting this every morning in school; it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone  let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending anyone! it will offend me if not re-posted!"""
"went fishing yesterday, pastout at 4 p m  and woke up today 3 more hours and doing it again  ha"
"what does everyone like so much? once agian let out the circle, plus i trying to keep my mind out the gutter anyone want to fill me in?"
"when sober girls around me, they be actin like they drunk"
11 more our and the trip begings
no bear  annoyed  but i got a little <propmale> that everyone there thought was a trophy ha!
"thinking of showing my face in etown saterday night     anything going on, or at least anyone going to b out and about ?"
so is anyone coming out to play  in this snow 2 night     
boredom rocks!!!!
turned in 3 finials today    only one class left thrusday and its all over  smile 
snow leave! car is now parked time to work on the truck and get it out to play    or work ha
"dont get mad at me cuz your girl is with me      if you cant keep her happy then she is going to find someone else    my advice to you is do her right, talk to her, listen to her   and most of all be around for her   cuz if you where  doing these thing then i couldn't make my move "
thinking about you !!!!
she's my tan legged <propfemale>     i'm her redneck <propmale>
"love is supposed to be forgiving, and devotion; love is not complicated its simple and runs deep within your soul  when ur in love u have a <propmale> that ur still alone, due to the fact ur not sure the other feels the same but when ur both in love u become one, ur not jealous, but trusting, u have faith that the other with do right by u and not miss guide u, u have faith in the other, their's not lust but passion"
trust is the key to opening many doors along a hall    lose the key and you can heard the dead bolts lock from the door you already unlocked     now where do you go when the trust is gone?
2005 mustang 4sale!!!! hit me up
"absolutely! i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  <propfirst> 10 smile 3"
"thinking of her , the more i am with you the more i want wo be with you    the longer you away the fast i want you to come back     the best time is the time spent with you  playful "
gots a few ppl coming to look at the car this weekend lets hope someone gots some cash and then here comes a truck  smile 
love his new truck
shes on my mind  playful   love 
sunday evening showers     wishing she was with me  love 
thakyou everyone for all the brithday wishes    i really appercaite it  smile 
thanx everyone 4 the b-day wishes     really appercaite it    never e playful ected so many    smile 
