808d365bf1eadc0c6c718fdcb1c0130b
"at edd's ringing in the new year with all my good friends  for those who aren't here, have a safe and happy new year!"
can't be beat!
is working out at the gym 
when did i decide it wasn't cool to sleep at night anymore?
has to be up early for f'ing <propfirst>'s cancer benefit at captain <propfirst>'s  come out 
is chillin'
is on vacation!
"wants to go to cedar point sometime this week  i'm on vacation, so any day is good  anyone interested?"
is playing vball at captain <propfirst>'s
ready for volleyball leagues
is turning in for a couple of hours 
crushed his opposition     again 
i didn't think <propmale> grohl would actually show up 
relaxin'
double-header today  i wish i weren't so tired    
"dayton, here i come!"
glad to finally be home 
going to get a palm pre tonight 
started bowling for the winter today  didn't do too bad  threw a 237 
i hate when close friends move away   
i need to find my bed 
want to play volleyball but need sleep more sad 
i need another player for my thursday night nine-ball team  preferably a four  anyone interested?
just took a step out of my box 
i like my new tattoo 
nothing much
i'm feeling outgoing today 
wins again!
can't wait for skydiving tomorrow  hope it's somewhat warm 
"i'm glad i'm still alive after skydiving, especially considering the people that jumped out after me are not "
i hope i can keep winning  maybe i can get top gun this session 
i like winning money while playing pool 
i don't want the season to change  i hate the cold 
pool leagues tonight  let's see if i can stay undefeated!
"using today to catch up on sleep  the pay is nice, but working 60 hours a week just sucks  no free time sad "
sometimes i wish an arrow would just appear to point me in the right direction 
i need to figure out what to dress up as for my friends halloween wedding  any ideas?
"i have no lid upon my head, but if i did, you could look inside and see what's on my mind  oh, it's you "
freshly tattoed 
"why is it i'm good at everything i do, except the one thing i want to be good at?"
strippers are funny
i need to get a damn costume already 
"finally home after the wedding festivities  now it's time to relax, kick my feet up   "
i finally won at leagues  that slump was really getting to me 
hates when women don't take the man's name when they're married  there's something about the double last name that just bothers me 
killing people on call of duty
nothing like a 70-30 win at pool leagues!
"what to do tonight? maybe captain <propfirst>'s? i don't know  if anyone's doing anything, hit me up "
can't play cod due to the giant blood blister on my thumb  sad 
why can't i get just one screw?  why can't i get just one screw? believe me i know what to do! but something won't let me make love to you 
time for sleep
"at work, only 3 hours left!"
my medication made me sick  so much for work 
i hate insurance companies  i wish it wasn't such a necessity 
watching a movie
fml!!!!@#%&
taking a nap before playoffs 
"going to see sherlock holmes, then maybe a party "
i finally have a saturday off and i don't have anything to do! where is everyone? hit me up 
happy new day!
going out to michaels 
i woke up late and missed my dentist appt  fml!
thanks to all of those who were out at <propfirst>'s tonight  you turned a shitty night into a great one  i miss my old spot 
back to the gym today! gotta lose some pounds!
going to bed  up at 3 for another 10 hour day     
my face feels like it's going to fall off    
i slept for 20 hours last night  now i'm ready for bed again    and i've only been awake four hours  there's gotta be something wrong with me 
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this- you betcha i have the guts to repost this!"
thanks to everyone for all the bday wishes  smile 
thanks to everyone who made it out last night  i had a great time!
"<propfirst>- a charismastic, charming, handsome, respectful and chivalrous gentleman of high upbringing  a '<propmale> charming' so to speak in many aspects  the perfect boyfriend; someone who will stay on the phone with you just because, someone who opens doors for you, someone who makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside whenever you're near them  they generally are funny, and tease you a lot  but you never care "
magic and then captain <propfirst>'s for <propfirst> and rj's birthdays
going to bed way too late  gotta be at work in three hours     
i was pleasantly surprised to find out my body fat is only 17%  now if i could only lose this gut 
going to pool leagues
bowling tournament at <propfemale> 
"should i give up or should i just keep chasing pavement, even though it leads nowhere "
how does facebook decide who's stories are top stories anyways? i like to read them all 
"sleep, then pool tourney, then parties!"
going to mcmenamy's for karaoke!
i hate cars! they cost me so much money!
going to <propfirst>'s for steph's bday 
so glad tomorrow's my friday  smile 
watching cirque du freak
every day is exactly the same     
"chillin' til pool leagues, then name that tune afterwards "
magic tourney   then maybe out? what's everyone doing tonight?
going out  don't know where yet  text me
"chillin' at home, listening to sad music and generally just feeling anti-social "
watching capitalism: a love story
going to visit slamm
happy easter!
i want coldstone!
just got home from chipotle and coldstone  i'm now finding it hard to move  mmmm     naptime 
going to get some practice for pool leagues  then pool leagues and maybe karaoke at up a creek afterwards  i haven't sang in soooo long!
"i was tired until i went out, now i'm wide awake"
enjoying some fetuccine <propmale>  smile 
at havana house with the a-team having a belgian breakfast  yum!
is amazed by the stupidity of some people 
name that tune at slim's!
chillin' at <propfemale>'s
"ugh, drank too much last night"
"doing laundry, then packing for the trip to lancaster in the morning  i love bowling tournaments!"
on my way to lancaster for a bowling tourney 
"did well in team event  almost got a triplicate  196, 196, 197"
"relaxed for the last hour in the hot tub, now it's time for rummy!"
what a day  5 hours of bowling followed by 3 hours of driving  so glad i'm home  no work tomorrow! woot woot! what's everyone doing tonight?
roll-offs tonight! give me some money!
lost    sad face
going to the rig to <propfemale>  hopefully i'll see <propfirst> raptis and <propfemale> welch there  smile 
at pool leagues  losing our ass  up a creek tonight for karaoke!
lost again  that's two days now  sad 
i hate when i get into the shortest line and sams club and it ends up being the retarded line where everyone in front of me has problems
i have no luck today  sad 
overslept! fml!
volleyball at 430 
"i feel like playing pool, but nobody wants to playwith me  sad  looks like i was destined to play splinter cell all night "
at perkins
at captain kellys enjoying the lovely weather  smile 
i don't think it's that funny when i hit my funny bone 
got a new modem  maybe my net  will actually run right now 
party tonight! i can't wait!
unsatisfied!
pool leagues and then maybe karaoke
<propmale> mckee is playing the house of blues on july 22  anyone want to go with me?
stoked for vacation! only two more days   
"to bed, up at 3 am for work  tgif!"
nap and then pool leagues 
won at pool leagues  got a break and run  29 out of 30 balls ain't too shabby  smile 
"cleaned the car, all the fluids are full  now it's time to pack  rock on the range tomorrow!"
on the road 
already burnt to a crisp
rock on the range was awesome! i love my friends! now for a week in dayton!
"breakfast, then hiking with <propfemale> at yellow springs!"
had a great time last night  now to help a friend move and then poker all night!
had a great time at soft rock  wish i didn't have to drive home tomorrow 
i love my friends!
watching the lovely bones
laying here  can't sleep  too many thoughts  i hate having an overly active mind!
"summertime, and the suns out late  kinda feels weird going to bed while the sun is out "
eating pizza  then a nap  later on i'll be at the rig  stop out people!
playing mw2 until pool leagues
"come up to meet ya, tell you i'm sorry  you don't know how lovely you are  i had to find you, tell you i need ya, and tell you i set you apart"
"so, 3 hours of volleyball makes me feel old yet refreshed  my hip hurts "
it's 5:20 am  do you know where your children are?
watching inglourious basterds
playing pool at captain kellys
at the rig  where's everyone at?
internets out until tuesday  fml!
i gots my net back!
"has been rated xxx  due to the graphic nature, may not be suitable for all viewers  please be advised nudity, language, and violence may be present"
"is amazed by what control + w does, try it!"
shower then <propfirst>'s
"thinks if you buy the logic that guns kill people, than mustn't it also be true that pencils misspell words; cars drive drunk; & spoons make people fat?"
how many times a day do you ask yourself how bad you really need your job?
if you can't say something nice about someone   come sit by me   i wanna laugh and say mean things too  lol
"wonders how i can remember lyrics to a song i haven't heard since 1992  but can't, even for a million bucks; remember why i just walked into the kitchen  "
's weather alert: it's almost too hot to breathe 
i really wish i hadn't  agreed to work overtime this week 
is no longer listed as sober
"if i had a <propfemale> for every time i thought of you, i would be a millionaire if i had a <propfemale> for every time i missed you, i would be a billionaire "
who wants to go to the ledges with me  today when i get off work? (saturday) i get out at 2
had a great evening  now for some much needed rest 
only got 2 hrs of sleep last night  vball is gonna suck!
sitting in a parking lot  broke down  pretty sure it's the thermostat  boring  hurry up tow truck!
i hate being stuck at home with no way out  maybe i'll take out the bicycle 
"if you rear ended a midget, and he got out of his car and screamed \i'm not happy!\"" would you have the nerve to ask \""well which one are you then?\"""""
just got outta work  12 hour day and my boss left in 8  i'm feeling the <propfirst> hate right now!
"at pool leagues, then the rig for drinking shennanigans"
playing cornhole with the family
remember when someone annoys u it takes 42 muscles in ur face to frown but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm and bitch slap that mo foe upside the head
playing a little cornhole and then heading to bed  gotta work bright and early !
going to the medievil faire 
lost at the pre-release and volleyball today  just not having any luck i guess 
only one more our in hell  smile 
"girls do not dress for boys  they dress for themselves, and of course each other  if girls dressed for boys, they'd just walk around naked all the time "
"    sometimes when i need to argue with myself, i put my cell phone to my ear so people don't look at me funny    it actually works!"
getting ready for cedar point!
going to captain <propfirst>'s to play some pool
"\live your life as if you were to die tomorrow    learn as if you were to live forever \"" -gandhi"""
"on the downside, haiti fell through  on the positive side, i got that new position at work! i start in a couple of weeks "
volleyball at 6 at captain <propfirst>'s 
to bed
going to work  the people on welfare depend on me!
2 hours sleep = day dragging by at a crawl  sad 
often times at work it feels like i am asking a rock to tell another rock what i need from yet another rock 
is licking your profile picture  wink 
"saw a billboard sign that said: need help, call jesus 1-800-555-3787 out of curiosity, i did  a mexican showed up with a lawnmower"
anyone interested in playing in a monday night 9-ball league?
odonalds tonight for karaoke  anyone care to join? text me
woo hoo! good job team! first place!
"i cook using the four food groups - canned, boxed, bagged, and frozen "
*alarm clock* (n): an evil device invented by satan to disrupt the peaceful sleep of otherwise happy folks at a predetermined hour 
"i owe, i owe, so off to work i go  to pay my bills, to feed my mouth, i owe, i owe "
"watching the box, then to bed "
i have to be up in 4 hours  why am i not sleepy yet?
hmm     slept for 3 hours and now i'm wide awake  wtf!
"tomorrow, i get my sleeve done  i'm pretty stoked!"
mill creek park
at high pointe for karaoke  stop out
went on a helicopter ride it was an extremely fantastic e playful erience until i ran out of quarters and the little boy in line behind me wouldn't share!
singing karaoke at odonalds
"is wondering if moms get mothers day, and dads get fathers day, what do single guys get? palm sunday?"
going to the gym  first time since march  this is gonna hurt  smile 
game night would be great tonight  where the hell are all my friends?
"i'm not picky, i just know what i like"
"i think i should start riding my bike everywhere  if it weren't for cars, i wouldn't have half the debt i do now "
"please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band of murdering scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil rebels continue to kill innocent    civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least 1 hr?"
to bed  tri-cups in the morning 
good morning world!
off work early!
"when we were young and truth was paramount, we were older then and we lived our life without any doubt "
nothing like falling asleep early and then waking up 4 hours later
going to the gym  pushing for 5 <propmale> today!
another half hour at work and then to the rig!
rip slamm  i'll miss u
"sometimes, walking into this place makes me want to quit"
rip grandma
my friend <propfirst> is in town doing tattoos  if anyone is interested get ahold of me  my number is on my profile  he leaves on thursday 
"is wondering about the first person who looked at a cow and said, \i \",80 laugh 365bf1eadc0c6c718fdcb1c0130b,at the rig  stop out
i think it's time to sell the ps3     anyone want one?
yay! got my cpu back!
happy christmas everyone!
nothing like working all day on christmas! fml
my day isn't over until i've utterly horrified a random stranger   smile 
your walking down the street and out of nowhere a giant kangaroo on a unicycle comes flying down the road being chased by a mouse  what would you do?
anyone need a low handicap for pool?
pool leagues at big mikes!
"at birth all people are soft and yielding  at death they are hard and stiff  all green plants are tender and yielding  at death they are brittle and dry  when hard and rigid, we consort with death  when soft and flexible, we affirm greater life "
the rig
at wwe 
high pointe tonight for my bday thing
"note to friends on facebook  if i wanted updates on every play in the game, i would watch it    or at least espn  that is all "
big loss tonight  sad 
thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes  smile 
3 ball at the rig   come out and play
5 hours til i leave for <propmale>!
at dennys  our waitress' name is <propfirst>    
oh noooo     watch out <propmale>  hard freeze watch tonight! lol  these people crack me up  under 40 = extremely cold weather  take care of your fellow man 
a perfect circle is headlining rotr this year and i probably won't be able to go  fml!
this movie theater has reclinig seats and armrests that go up  sweetness!
<propmale> zoo  check! now for some doubledave's pizza 
on the highway in <propmale> going 80  feels like i'm going slow cuz everyone is passing me 
have you ever off-roaded in a nissan altima? cuz now i have!
flying home tonight sad 
steeling myself for the return to cold weather and reality 
work is soooo boring!
off work! now for some home-made chili!
"if mcdonald's sold hot dogs can you see yourself saying, \give me a mcwiener and super size it \"" ?"""
i need a new job
yay! no work tomorrow!
"when i said i wanted to get hammered, i didn't mean by another snow storm!"
"there's no place like home, there's no place like home  damn it! it's not working!"
work sucks  lalala
i think it would be nice if management would actually tell you  when they change the door codes 
imnotsurebutithinkmyspacebarisnotworking
