b38f5fe804b1d5a980ed02b6e449d43f
damn it facebook horoscope!
well then i guess i do deserve this
"<propfirst>, thank you for naming it after me"
off to see the wizard
its too bad i don't
tired
oh gly
lmao angel's dad
i don't give a fucckkk
"once again, nothing"
lol oh jesus christ
lol <propfirst>  troubled 
"dangum, that was herra good"
"lmao <propfemale>, i'm so sad"
his song sounds like a ballad from pokemon
phallophobia is a very laughable matter
"<propfirst> ly just hacked yo ass, and gave all <propfemale>'s friends phallophobia   smile  love  love  love  love  love  love "
i don't want it
chuu chuu lovely muni muni mura mura purin purin boron nururu rero rero
"how unattractive, let me see your real face faggot =p"
you would never believe what happened this morning(afternoon)
don't let me down got it?
"kinda guilty, but not really"
"god, come back to life so i can kick your ass back to hell"
"you my friend, are about to become one unlucky fellow"
stay strong sodapop
"loll nooooooooooo nayeo0ooooonnnnnnn, tt____________tt i'm emberesseddd"
hungry
"nah, not today"
"lol, what a nice kid"
exhausted man
fluffy soft back hyde
"cams : that crab is so rude!, all i did was kill her child! me :         yeah? ^^;;"
"notices that when a foreigner person tries to persuade you, they a lot of times, accidentally makes fun of you "
emberessed lol
"yeah acutally, i am kinda pissed off"
i know your stalking ^^;;;
lol ahh you guys
angel : you guys are like sisters
pretty up and out
not to worry <propfirst>! i'll try
oh my god =_='''''
is such a loser ha
feels responsible
lol <propmale>
wiggly
lol shit
we can do it cams!
wants you to get over it
tireduh
lol holy shit thats creepy
death in my earholes
thanks guys
lol no one gives a shit
lol i don't care  surprise 
"how come i can hide things i want to see on facebook, and things i really don't wanna hear about doesn't have the hide button? damn it facebook"
"my sister makes money by feeding books that throw up antic items, then selling them "
its spelt breat cancer okay!?
your face irritates me  surprise 
stop hidding |=p
how about lets not share our last names?
"no, i do not want to see naked girls at all misleading evony add, i just want to watch youtube in peace"
"i don't care if your hella \g\"" please find some time to take a picture of yourself that isn't angry"""
wow wtf your just a fucking hypcrate =_=
yeah thanks
might as well just stop bullshiting me if your going to lie to me~
see this face? okay now remember it
"drop dead, you  know who you are boy!"
ugh swordmen's right hand man fail =_=
your kinda gross
why the helll r u so fake?
"you know what? yeah, fuck yeah"
    lol i come back from blindess to 30 spam mail
you don't exsist in my right eye
lol oh wtf?
everywhere and messy
if only if only 
and then i realized how much of a fag i sounded just then
you look nothing like your facebook pictures
wow thats hypocritic of you
"facebook is nice, but myspace gives me something to decorate"
"if i remember correctly, you use to hate the people you've become, what happened? is being like this more convienent then comfort?"
"lol, yes i know how retarded we seem"
"everytime you mention those things, i can't help but think of, mr hotel with little purfume balls"
"learn to be an old person, and laugh it off"
are you secretly spying on me?
i run to your house to finally apologize only to find myself getting yelled at by an angry old italian man
was confused for like 20 seconds when logged onto facebook
wheres a dislike button when you need it?
righttttt
why is it manditory to have cheap knock offs of starburts on every chinese new years?
<propfemale> got hacked  love   laugh  by her imouto <propfirst> ly
your face is too much for me
too tired for this
that charismic right there
shoot yourself <propfemale>
"yeah, we both have terrible ass timing"
my computer is beyond repair
the dents on the table are from my forehead
"damn it, your just not slick at all"
mental memory whiplash
playground days
"lol, its great, i can feel the love already, sprinkling down, sideways"
your just as pretty as you are fake 
"\a hacker is a nood that's been treated badly\"" - chubby asain kid"""
you looked like an extremely mislead animal
look like a trailer park
stab yourself in the face for me
phone : finally fucking got one
this is wayyyy too fucking real
fun at the maciels today!
have you guys seen yourselves?
"if funeral homes had a rising sun, i would be it"
lol am i being watched god?
its got that new car smell
you can say that again dr doors
why did i doubt your stupidity?
fun with yuri~
"thanks, as if i need another jt on my facebook to impress me and the whole world with your smart snappy lines"
finally got that pokemon game -extremely happy-
"i hated this gym leader when i was in the 3rd grade, i still hate this gym leader now"
time doesn't give a shit
"sometimes, i get just a little nervous when i'm being forced to play tales runner"
what are you really?
you are not a beautiful and unique snowflake! you are the same decaying organic matter as everyone else
lol thanks <propfemale>
facebook suggestions keeps telling me shit i don't care about
lol big mama's at chloes! hoho yesssss
"dearest; <propfemale>'s facebook  you got hacked,  sincerely yours; <propfirst> ly  p s  <propfemale> rocks my socks off anyday   smile   loooove her so much rawr  !  smile   kthxbai love "
can you fucking work for once in your life?
something is not right with me
it seems that this person doesn't understand they are infact indeed whitewashed
<propfemale> maciel is still here  smile  hohoh
gauh beverlyyyy -colapses-
damn it time sheet!
you'd be amazingly pretty   if you had eyebrows
toothache
wants to shoot a red bellied pigeon
see those shivers down your spine? that was all me
i really want to upload my pictures but my fingers just can't get off the keyboard
"a person called <propfemale> <propmale> told me i wasn't <propfemale>, your right, i'm a mcdonalds worker"
this bread is <propfemale>ting to taste like a 5 <propfemale> reastruant's special of the day
no i'm glad i still can't sleep even though its this late
did you just draw me tits with huge nipples?
doens't do anything on facebook
why are you so uptight
i put all my pics on twitpic now only because i have no buisness on facebook anymore
my facebook has been functioning on its own for a while
"hey <propfemale>, guess what the fuck i'm doing! misbehaving by using foul language, something you won't be doing in some time, ahahahahaha!"
"long time no see facebook, and farewell for another dozen weeks again!"
sat infront of the computer for about 30 trying to mindbend a spoon
"wants to coment on this one really funny picture of meimei but can't due to very few mutual friends, damn"
go hacked by <propfirst> ly again  love   laugh  ilugly ehehe 
phone won't ley me log onto anything else but facebook  rage building   
take me as i am and i'll tolorate your additude
loves abusing the power of facebook feeds and harrasing meimei~
i have no school spirit and i'm rather fond of myself like that
i am going to fuck you up
ugh i really wanted to go too  annoyed 
i had a good day with <propfemale> though!  laugh 
angry
got on facebook to check out a pedophile  mission completed
fucking <propfirst> and <propfirst> hurtado de mendoza scared the fuck out of me today lol
am never making fun of <propfemale>'s love obsession ever again
my identity likes to be photo copied
"congraduatlions fagget, i never thought you could've done it!"
"fuck yeah its ganna fucking suck, guah, have you tasted your pint of lemonade lately?"
facebook : the cylinder porthole gateway to all my emberessing moments
holy shit facebook notifications!
are you linking me to porn guys?!?!
"if the japanese can marry thier ipod, then so can i"
ooooo you are so sad
"facebook is missing the delete friends button, fuck you facebook"
"ripped on an old pedophile, alright, now i can sleep"
he could but he has hepititas bugs in his car    sorry
that fucking lady's dog has fuckign fleas
"i'm so fucking bored, i couldn't even play soul calibur 2 correctly"
"wants to tell <propfemale> \are you kidding me!\"" when i saw those table sets with the name tags    """
wtf should i do
"facebook wants me to reconnect with people online, can't i just leave the house?"
"i finally got my phone fixed, hahaha"
math sucks
"and the sad part was, i acutally tried to look pretty"
my computer works now~
"help me, anyone, anyoen who can speak a lick of spanish"
i'm scared of what you shared to the world is something emberessing of me
now if only aim had the emotional iconic functions of msn live     
irony is calling my name in 6 different languages and i like it
"hey lady, get the fuck out of my house"
"i'm not a pedophile, i swear"
"ended up waxing with <propfemale> choiwarren instead of jogging, haha fun fun"
"whenever things go wrong, i turn to the shack"
i'm playing chess with my mom
outside is making a racket
oh i think my head trauma says i don't care  smile 
lolol i'm glad my friends like it
i'm going to stop saying things i don't mean
i'm freaking out
i wanna say it
you guys have really hurt pictures of me
"alright don't fuck up this year, okay mom"
pretty good day first day of school
priority reached!   sorta
um   i'm sorta online  and you've been caught?
i was being unreasonable cause i was having a bad day
exshausted
wtf am i doing
safeway made my day
i'll drag you down to my level but i'll never let you drag me down to yours
its to fucking hot to do anything
i see the resemblance and damn
i don't care you have nothing to do with me
today made my day
exhausted and unprepared
you are the lvl 80 boss i will never defeat
"i'm glad i'll have 3 days to myself, unharassed"
when facebook won't accept your feelings
dude! <propfemale> its an emergency  yes <propfemale> flashgrenade maciel ?  i can't beat this lvl come over now  and that's how my night is going so far
i'm hella tired
i'm trying my best so please fuck off
"i'm sorry for turning you into a bitch, i really didn't mean to do it, i apologize"
i lost my phone   guah
"and at this particular moment, 7 babies have died =_=;;"
"this is my 2x <propmale>, i'm not going to fuck it up anymore"
this is fucking strange
your problems are deeply rooted into the drain of your own bathtub
"if you think i have no idea you stole that from me, think again"
i'm tired of being suppressed
your making this more difficult then it should be ma'm
awww shit
what kind of stupid shit did you pull?
the most exciting thing that happened today to me was cooking my bag of noodles
"when they nag, its your job to make the ugly cow noises"
when i went on facebook and saw that i had hella notifications  i was happy  until i found out they where just quiz questions   i can't even tell who they're from t_t
"godly job there <propfemale>, thanks mom"
oh hey <propfemale> what did you do today? tried being nice
i'm not liking this influence me influence you kind of thing
"did you just   ? yea mom, yeah i did  your cleaning that up  okay mom"
lol damn    
she's too fast for meimei
finally got the flele i was looking for
stop logging onto my aim friend
when your crutch eventually becomes your leg
just accept it you moron
i'm ganna miss <propfemale> choiwarren
had a fun day with nayeon <propfemale> today~
this is getting old
i am so irritated
i'm so fucking distracted
whereee is my phone
"spent an hr doing nothing, yesssssssss"
does anyone else know about <propfirst>'s dinotector mode?
i am just one ball of angry
leave her the fuck alone kids
its 2 am in the god damn morning and i'm here reading manga  i'm amazing
you are one miserable fucker
why do i keep losing my god damn phone
today is finally the day
its been strange
gave me quite the heart attack bro
"all my pictures are deleted, i might as well get rid of my whole facebook"
new cellular deviceee
i am getting the vitamins sucked out of my face
iggy? iggy
i miss sarcasm
"god damn it, i have to rediscover myself again?"
i think your a disgusting human being?
