393bf6f203ba633feddef747d5dc0650
my mind is adrift   
"dont move        stay right there, i can't finish this soup  but that would make anyone do what you want  when ever you decide to leave you better bring some <propfemale> "
"\ <propmale> and jerry\"" thats a good show!"""
good god damn party man!
what is you mind on?
"hey everyone! we are all going to camp together soon, well only for six weeks or so before we are all executed  if you rebel you will surely not survive wether it be execution or starvation  you may even be left alone by fema but you will be left alone with no electricity, no gasoline, no heat, no food! look around at the rest of the world, why doesn't anyone know about this?"
wants
ya know
is totally not out on a date right now haha 
i saved your life! i saved your life bitch! yeahhh!
yes! let's all go to the woods! who's bringing the virgin??
"\tar bender! i need a drother nink\"""""
"who the hell is this girl? the clubs are packed but i gotta get to this girl  she's right there but it's like she's cross the world, i'm tryin to aproch her why she dancing on that v i p  sofa then she disapears   "
"\i'm lookin for that little lady wit a lotta butt so i can getcha to my crib and throw that bottem up i hope you got enough weed rock g-spots neighbors be complainin when i make yo pussy beat box!\"" \""buo huh uh bu huh uh bu huh uh\"""""
is stuck at home on a friday night   
"is looking for a plumber who specializes in the filling of empty pipes, someone message me!"
"wants to know where he can find a large, steep hill "
is fuckin stoked!!
too many to choose from!
"thinks your all talk, prove me wrong "
only four more beautiful days!
you hear the beat as it makes ya not want to go to sleep i knock on <propfemale>'s door it's locked so i go to creep 'round the back with binoculars not 'cause i want to peep but because i'm hungry she smells like tacos i want to eat 
my illy is the illest
tomorrow is the big day!!! yeeeeeeee! im so excited!
"is maybe going to fight friday night, if anyone wants to see some badass fights and possibly see me fight just let me know "
awww shit! it's on i'm fighting tomorrow night at the ararat shriner <propfemale> in independence mo  come watch!
guillotine first round!!! i kicked that mothafuckas ass too!!
has only this to say     <propmale> goldblum 
yeah sometimes the bear eats you and sometimes you just suck the bears <propmale>!
"saw the sign, and it opened up his eyes "
breast cancer is no joke  ladies don't forget to touch yourselves at least once a day 
you will know who i am by the end of the day! i am goin to slap your daughter and she will tell you who i am 
the <propfemale> is telling me all of your secrets 
"i choose to live and to grow, take and give and to move, learn and love and to cry, kill and die and to be paranoid and to lie, hate and fear and to do what it takes to move through "
and the shoes that be crocagater style nigga
"hypercondriac hangin out at the laundry mat where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at, dressed like a sailor standin by a pale of garbage, it's almost dark and i'm still tryin to nail a trailor park bitch "
fuuuuck you <propmale>!
has a new phone number 
"legalize it, don't criticize it \       yeah, yeah,\legalize it and yeah i'll advertise it!"
we reign supreme dungeon kings
i wish i could just go no where 
don't be a menace in south central while drinkin your juice in the hood 
"there's only so much time left in this crazy world, i'm just crumblin'erb i'm jus crumblin'erb  \niggas killin niggas they don't understand whats the master plan, i'm jus crumblin'erb jus crumblin'erb"
's got work on the kitchen table  who's got some bags?
know that i will always love you as i claw your fucking throat away    it will end no other way 
no mas <propfemale> por favor  
you can't have light without shadow
"havin my kush on me is like a bad case of b o \i walk into work and people ask me if i forgot my deo \i look at them as they wait on my reply, nothin to say man i'm just way to high for some stupid questions like i'm above you sittin next to the 737 jet engine where i can't even hear you mention my body odor or the pizza you want me to make\jamacan and add just a little steak?"
