d5b1e8a39fb91212b275b76ad417f63f
today was sooooo soooo sooooooooooo boring    i would rather be back on base in <propfemale> than relive today      hopefully tonight is better 
mypay sucks!!!! someone who knows what that is help me     
i wish i was a jedi knight 
the honda        is dead 
weird how you can be soooo over everything  and one little thing can flood your head suddenly with hundreds of memories    its unavoidable i guess       sad 
all i want to do is go skate       but god has decided to water the earth     all day long      
sometimes i just wish that i could forget       
ugh taxes are lame haha
"roses are red, sure    and vilolets may in fact be blue  but seriously, when was the last time a cloud had a silver lining?????"
ooooh shit
"deep breath, fresh start, god is good, and so is life   smile "
"new direction, moveing forward      it feels good to let go of the past and be excited for the future"
oh!! its just how you make me feel      smile 
crush it!!! move out!! nationals here <propmale> comes!!!!
a night with you is something i simply love       smile 
whoot whoot!!!  summers a comin boys!!!!!!
"hey <propmale>        im sorry, and i was out of place last night  lets talk about this     "
sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!   get stoked   connor is in town and its friday!!!! well almost  lol
well thats fagtastic!!!!  phones dead and i lost the charger       haha thats life!!
"\im gay      like for real\"" -<propfirst> sharpe"""
it took a two hour walk home in the rain to realize that we will never be able to work    im sorry  i just cant do this anymore    
"alesana, alkaline trio, bring me the horizon, emmure, mayday parade, parkway drive, set your goals, suicide silence, the cab, and whitechapel         its safe to say august 8th 2010 may possibly end up being the greatest moment in my life yet so far       "
thanks pops!!!!!! now i have nooooo idea what to do    awesome 
ummmmm clean shaven succcckkkkkkks       i want my soul patch back
kick ass the 2nd time    ?  oh yeeehhh
got a job   ?  wink 
soooo i got a job at coors teck        its pretty american 
work     save     get own place with con-nasty    then its b n e  every night foool
wowowewa!!!! work was brutal today      on sunday our hours are getting bumped to 11 a day 5 days a week     overtime= money in the bank!!!!!!!
machida got knocked out!!!!!!!!!
tech n9ne is sooooo sick        midwest choppers blows my mind every time         i dare you to find anyone who can even touch him 
hes mine         get used to it 
haha     connor is comin home fool 
pretty much stoked for <propmale> hex!!!!!
"i check it every week   im super good actually, and yes i am!! haha  soon hopefully   im just working trying to save up so we can move in somewhere lol        how are you?  how was your 1st year??"
drammmmma queeeen!!!! get over it cause i am 
im coming home   and this doesnt mean what you think      at all  and thats a good thing   wink 
"i thought i was set, then tonight made me want more than i can probably ever  have                     "
the new attack! attack! blows my mind     
"ive seen a palace in london  ive seen a castle in wales  but id rather wake up beside you and breathe that old familiar smell     i never thought you could leave me  i figured i was the one  but i understand your sadness so i guess i will just hold my tongue  im comin home  i know that were taking chances  you told me life was a risk  i just have one last question, \will it be my heart or will it be his?\"""""
bored    all my friendsd are either out of town    or there phones are broke or they are working     at least i have my guitar to keep me company lol
tired and not stoked for work at all       
"ive never been to alaska, but i can tell you this     \ive been to lincon nebraska, and hell, you know it aint worth shit "
damn     i didnt think id really end up doing this alone      wont bring me down  i will not fail 
s'n the days d          
<propmale> is gonna get knocked out!!!!!!!!!!!!   rampage!!
got a new car this morning!!!!!  well       new to me at least lol
gonna drive my new car to the skatepark and go look at appt's soon~!!!!!
all i need is a beautiful and kind hearted girl who lives and breathes skatepark and i will never need another thing in the whole world 
oh my bed sound soooo appealing right now!!!!
50 ours a week leaves little time for anything but eat sleep work repeat   i can not wait till tuesday!!!!!!!!!
50 hours a week leaves little time for anything but eat sleep work repeat   i can not wait till tuesday!!!
shred nasty with <propmale>      god bless pieces of wood with wheels bolted to them lol
nothing like rendering your right wrist unuseable after slamming in a half pipe to bring my ego back down to earth a bit       i cant wait to try and work with this tomorrow lol
sooooo hot         
i always knew i needed to find out who i was with out you  and now your not in the picture  i dont like now who i have become and the weirdest part is that now i look my self in the mirror and don't even recognize myself anymore 
"whitechapel's new album drops on tuesday, so i guess i wont go jump off that bridge after all       wink  lol"
"okokokokokokok!!!! deep breath, relax, take it in, this is good        smile  well, god is anyways haha!!  wink "
sweet!!!! rave was sick! happy birthday connor!!! nice to see ya nate w    miss you so much nate s    i cant belive youve been gone a year      i miss you 
"i wish you could see the secret i sent over a year ago, but it never got posted and i dont even know if you know if postsecrets exists or not        thats life  i guess    "
no job no money dont know where im going to even live soon    but oddly       ive never been more happy or more satistied with my life!  smile 
i should stop feeling so sorry for myself right now    its going to be ok i know it!!
just accepted all my finacial aid for next year!!!  god provided it all!!!!!   boooyaaaa
everyone listen up!!!!!  my little brother <propmale> is trying to qualify for the <propmale> olympic track team right now!!! he is the only person from the western slope over there right now!!!!    wish him luck!!!!!
i just want school to start!!!! ahhhh!
the book of <propmale> is soooo soooo sick!!!!!
im going down to mesa to try and see what my next step is now        
"i do not know why i do these things that i do \i don't do what i want to do,\but instead i do the things i hate "
"in the paper today about <propmale>!!!\\<propmale> bisbee of grand junction participated in the usa track &\field <propmale> olympics colorado state meet last weekend at csu-pueblo  \bisbee won the state title in the boys youth (ages 13-14) discus with a throw of 129 feet, 8 inches \\he also finished third in the 400 meters in 55 94 seconds \\bisbee qualified for the regional <propmale> olympic meet in july, also at csu-pueblo "
colorado runs through my veins                
ummm wow eminem's new album already has almost 4 million plays on myspace and if you count not afraid almost 4 5!!!!!   it dropped this morning!!!!
"cocaine dreams of heroin kisses \blown my way from cigarette loves\but tonight im to high to drive \down this lonely road, dont know where it goes\cant get over these hills that lay in my path\without your love in my heart i know where im at\so lets move forward and leave the past behind\i want you to be the only thing on my simple mind \-demons"
word     decisions decisions           hmmm
four loko!!!!!!!!!!!!
yoyoyoyo! got a job ho!!!!
i dont like ghana very much right now             
boondock saints!!!!!!  uhhhhhh    never! gets! old!
check out the new tattoo yo!!!!!!!
hahaha!  soooo stoked
hmmm this situation needs fixed but do i have the guts to do it???
"me and the roomates need rent money, food, toilet paper, cigarettes and booze  in that order  jaketheripper will tattoo you and were acceping donations   check out his work at myspace com jakeistheripper  in his tattoo album hes legit and im totally serious about the rest lol"
do you have quest or bresnan? if you do i can help save you money   me and the roomates work for grand valley telecommunications and can hook it up with dsl and a phone line for 63 bucks a month and it puts food in our mouths and a roof over our heads  lol     sorry gj co only 
sooo tired!!!
yes!!!! we have fooooood!
i love you kaleb woods!!!!!!!  dont you ever forget!!
never before have i been this pissed at someone       good thing i wasnt there or someone might be dead 
lame
im pretty certain that there is a warrant out for my arrest  sad      i slept in and missed court this morning    i better go fix this real quick!!!
its so damn hot in this house!!!!!!
i just have one word to describe my night      fantasy    actually two        epic     and  fantasy 
i hate hate hate not having a phone!!!!!!   bfffffff <propfirst> is home tomorrow!!!
hmmm then i guess ill sit at my appt all alone tonight!!!!!!!!  sweeeeet         not 
"well im just a lonely man \who can only bite his cheeks \and hold his tongue for so long  \because theres this beautiful girl \she's so delicate and sweet\i dont think ill be able \to withhold my feelings again \the next time that we meet"
new job!!!!  lol salesman for gvtc!!!! sellin internet and phone packages for 63 bucks a month and it puts food in our mouths and a roof over our heads  hook me up i get payed on commission   smile 
quincys sucks
pretty much had the best day ever today   smile 
"<propfirst> money  +   modern rock bands  =   awsome!!! every band ive heard that covered \take me home tonight\"" killed it!!"""
"forgot how in love i am with paramore's \riot\"" album!!!!"""
me and mr <propfirst> fox have alot in common       well one thing anyways   we can both blame it on the  a-a-a-a-a-alcohol  lol
alllllll set for schoooool   smile 
finally got a phone again!!!!!   same number yo
effff my life 
gettin stoked for school yo!!!!!
seems like everyone is movin on with life   
fuck alcohol!!! it will do nothing but ruin your life          
stoked for school!
school starts tomorrow       first class        tennis    ohhhhyeaaah
so        mesa state turns out to be quite awesome actually!!!!   get stokked!!
asher roth        is a beast    his greenhouse mixtape is legit   he kills everyone  everyoneeeeeeee     
it never ends bmth is my new favorite song
it has become blatantly obvious that my younger brother <propmale> is in-fact the reincarnation of <propmale> prefontaine      
my goodness!!! so stoked to foco this weekend!! ahhh  i cant stand it this week needs to go by fast!
"your words haunt every moment of my day\around my neck they swing and sway\with each moment that passes i always pray\that you would never forget what it is that they say         "
flyleaf blows my freakin mind sometimes    
that is so so so gay      
awwwww yep!!! crazy couple of days!!!!
anyonne know where they do live poetry readigs in junktown??
just want to dissapear       
"dear lord, last  year you took my favorite actor, <propfirst> swayzie  you took my favorite actress, <propfemale> fawcett  you took my favorite singer, <propfirst> <propmale>  in reguards to this year   i just wanted to let you know, my favorite president is barack obama  amen"
oh goodness <propfirst>' cuervo  is not my friend haha
hate hate hate this     i miss her  i totally screwed this up!!!!
i decided that the pot farm facebook game is a conspiracy to track the locations of mmj users        
good ass day!!!!!!! no reason it just is  smile 
tattooed my self lastnight!!!!   haha its safe to say that they are going to need to get fixed    
sooooooo boooooored   
hit me up tonight!!!!! come over and lets party!!!!!
"heyyy! two new roommates!! were gonna make rent, and were gonna make it in general!!!! woo boost!"
stressed yo
got the cast on     booyah
pretty stoked for tonight should be a good time!
funny how one evening changes everything i know about my life  i need to learn to take my own advice   
hmmmm i need to find a cuddle <propmale>  asap 
im wearin that crown     and you know its <propmale> ha!!
i fear that there is no woman out there for me these days   
recording!
come chill at my house yo!!!
<propfemale> is a biyotch      
god bless garageband   
why wwould anyone sleep at night? the night is the best time of day! carpe diem??? yeah no     seize the night!
just got busted for pot       sweet 
pretty sure today sucked after kayci left lol
time goes by slowly when your not around   
i need the next 12 days to go by very very quickly
i just need somebody to love   
"\and im sittin here wearing the weight of the world on my shoulders \"""""
only 8 more days till atx!  laugh 
a bit twisted layin on the roof thinkin about life and god and enjoying a freakin beautiful day!!
the ww is going well ill make it but its getting rough!!!  smile 
ha!!! you don't even know!!!!! haha!
day 1 down  just have to make it through the night now    
sober day numero dos is much much easier than day 1!!
"1just spent the last 6 hours playing career on ufc 2010 only to have the psp die on me   im praying that autosave is turned on  if its not, i will cry  <propfemale>"
1controlably
now is when i start getting desperate
totally out of food and totally broke      so awesome   thank god atx is less than 48 hours away!
<propfemale> corral baby! just what i need!
leaving for <propfirst> texas in a a matter of hours now!
getting ready to board the plane to <propmale>  then atx here we come 
just landed in <propfemale>  on our way to atx soon
just landed in texas!!
ive now watched the newest <propmale> movie back too back twice without stoppin and im getting ready for round three   
side note to last post    the 2nd time was with no sound and death metal = brootal
"bj's food sucks realll bad, but hey     their beer is bomb so guess dinner was a success!!!"
"breakfast at 3 smile 0- 1 cigarette, 2 toaster strudels, 3 mini lunchables pizzas, a bag of cool ranch doritos and a can of code red     you know your jealous"
so <propfirst> pilgrim against the world is the best movie i have ever seen      
woke up with a mean black eye         apparently me and <propmale> let a little anger out on eachother lastnight 
"i decided, that im not really cut out for texas  i miss my mountians  my friends  my family  the cold  the fresh air  i need to go home  preferably before thanksgiving "
you know what? its been a while since i could stand on my own two feet
"hey gj!!! im coming home tomorrow, but i dont have a place to crash    id love a couch for a few days to get my life together!! non party house preferred  wink    thanks yall!"
paint this blackhole blacker 
6 hours and 15 minutes till my plane leaves for <propmale>   laugh 
dear colorado  i missed you these past 11 days 
<propmale> roth gave hostel's a bad repp     this one in durango co is sick! ill just stay away from amsterdam
the only hope for me is you!
"durango colorado!!! just when i thought id reached an emotional high, you found yet another way to brighten my spirits!"
ahhhhhhhh   laugh  durango 
new appt in durango is soooo sick!!! just moved in!
come on down and keep me coompany at the dancing pig!! we have live music and sweet hookahs!
just finished my first shift!! made good tips and some good money! feels good to be on my own two feet again  laugh 
come smoke some hoookah and chill at the dancing pig! im setting up the kinect and new lcd flat screen right now!!!
"lets just say my hookah bar has a kinect      and noones here right now  so yes, i am actually getting payed to play kinect right now   laugh "
sayin bye to junk back to durango to pack     then its movin time back to muhhh hooooome!
"durango co, its been fun  wrappin up the last few days here then its off to junk town usa"
all i want for christmas is you 
"reguardless of your lifestyle choices, i firmly belive that xafbx is just plain good music  put plainly enough, they are just too legit to not love "
loving the snow!!!! apparently it snowed on the arizona mexico border today too!
"learned how to play ; just the way you are, sex and <propfemale>, and save tonight so far today      "
capitalism is the root of all evil 
im the best in the burbs baby    
zombies        iloveyoublackops!!!!!!!!!
omg  skrillex sexy lady remix is so dirty    
i needa job  and i need a studio in muh house  ive been writin so much i just wish i could offord to record it!!!! being broke blowskiis
"take a closer look into jay-z's lyrics and decide for yourself     but it seems to me like he is not on our side        dissing the last supper, stating openly thats he is a free <propmale>        idk you decide  \2nd half of verse 2 of run this town     \im in <propmale>, ah, <propfirst>, margella,\on the table screaming fuck the other side they jealous,\we got a banquet full of broads,\they got a table full of fella's"
(________________) insert random pointless update here 
day just got ruined       i was needlessly informed that i share that beiber fags birthday       sweeeeeet not 
"your \sign\"" might not be your sign at all \",d5b1e8a39fb91212b275b76ad417f63f,ummm d i k  house is back?? awww yep
need a job  hook a brotha up 
miss <propmale> klein and <propfirst> cooper hella bad
i couldnt think of anything to put here this morning 
pissed off because my phone died at the most inopportune moment possible last night  waiting for the new one to arrive in the mail!!!! lets chill today??
