5cf938e4de471b8e4e8cf61382d8a98c
"i woke up to dogs playing on my back, found at breakfast that my bff and her brother is sick, i fighted with my mom about who gets to go take a shower first  yep! it sure is a happy new year!"
i'm so happy! i'm finally on facebook!!!
"to e playful lane all the photos, i'm trying to fill up my photos section, so just  ignore them!"
i'm look sooooo weird in photos!! don't i     ?
"my computer won't let me go on the internet all week, so i was very sad    boo  but, my dad fixed it so i'm happy again  yeah!"
i am sooooo tired  i barley made it through school!
this is profile picture was taken before i bleached my hair!
you know what? ignore the last thing i posted    i had to change my picture again
hangin with <propfirst> at my house    wow she can <propfemale> on a conversaition like theres no 2morrow    shut up <propfirst> lolz  smile 
talking to friends over yahoo! about how cural hunting is  even whaen it's on a video game  ps  it was only funny watching <propmale> do it yesturday because he made it funny!
watching <propfirst> play with her new ipod touch  i reallly think she is enjoying it! she can be on facebook and listen to music at the same time  she loves it! i want an ipod touch    sad 
it's my dad's birthday  the big 4-0! lucky him1 wink 
"hey! there is a play at mott coming up  it's called summer and smoke and it is going to be awsome! its at 7pm next thursday, friday and saturday if you want to go  tickets are 7 dollars  please go! you will not regreit it!"
"i'm watching <propfirst> play my <propfemale> game  now, i've watched him long enough to have a crush on link  ugh! that makes me no better than those team <propfirst> fan girls   this sucks!"
i have a snow day!!!!!!!!! i'm so happy  i love days where you can sit arond and do nothing!
"wow, there are soooo many good movies out right now, i don't know where to start!(alice and wonderland, dear <propfirst>, avatuar, <propfirst> day   )"
hey everybody! i'm stilll alive! have a great evening 
i just finish two essays  i feel very happy about it!
wit the <propfirst> efron cheshire !!! partiii!!! lolz jkjk but we are having so much funn     playful 
a couple of girls bet i couldn't go two weeks without talking about famous people  well they'll see  you'll all see! i can do it!
"i just got done ordering my class ring! another milestone in life has past  ( p s  it's going to have my birthstone, peridot, on it!)"
went to chilles for dinner  can't wait for mommy to come home!!!!! i hope she comes home quickley and safely so i can give her a big hug when she comes back!
is very very bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just have the hoedown to look forward to!
i'm have my braid and cowboy hat on and i'm ready for the hoedown! yeeeehhhaaaaaaa!
i played at a concert last night  it was fabulaus! smile 
i need to hit the pool  bad!
"wow    if i hear my parents say \bobbie!\"" one more time   """
i want to thank everyone for writing to me on my wall and making this b-day special!
ever had one of those days where you wake up one morning and forget it's your b-day? yeah   that's me   
that stupid phone has been ringing all morning  lord make it stop!!!!!!!!!
watch out everyone! i think <propfirst> is getting a facebook tonight!!!!!!!!!
drive-in party tonight! we are going to be bbqin' and popping the popcorn all night long!
i like it in the closet!!!
"is confused about what she just saw   \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5etlrgwxmh0"
"i saw <propmale> potter! it was amazing!!!!!!!! i wish i could tell you all about it, but i dont want to be a spoiler   "
"wow dad, turkey today was delish!!!  smile "
longest week ever   ugh!
"i saw \oliver!\"" today  great job everyone! can't wait for the next show!"""
spent my snow day doing homework and outside with friends  snow day well spent!
"midwinter, spent painting grandmother's house     grrrrrrrrrr "
got some spring cleaning done  it was a pretty dull saturday 
