c7d1a7b47051f93b2f64a27d2f364df3
"it's so boring right now  damn  next week, we needa go to the beach "
i want coffee   
uploaded some pics again so yeah  going to bed now  
"man, life is weird "
"today was pretty awesome  the ocean is amazing and the fact that i felt like i was being swept to sea was pretty damn scary  wetsuits are fun stuff, yo "
"looking forward to bhs - but i'm worried that people will still think i'm crazy like i was, geez    oh well, haha   "
it's really relaxing  one month til bhs!
i'm home! felt like a long time 
"finally figured out how to send pictures from my phone to my computer, i'm so happy"
an up and down kinda day
people shouldn't get angry at me for trying to help out  kinda sucks
feels really awkward  
"i didn't realize how many people didn't know i wasn't going to bhs - yeah, i'm going, i'm feeling a lot better  just nervous that people will dislike me for who i used to be, as cliche as that sounds  also, group 36 i think, anyone else? (i wrote more than i wanted to, damn)"
see you guys tomorrow
"school was okay  kinda disappointing? also: 1st: jap100 (ugh), 2nd: library assist, 3rd: health, 4th: math, lunch, 5th: english, 6th: bio b-lunch, anyone else?"
i miss portland
fresh <propmale> is still amazing 
i feel so terrible ughhh
"good mood, man~"
lalala~
odd question: what's your favorite exercise? (i'm bored)
ohmygod i miss everyone so much right now  razzle it up 
i really want to razzle right now  i can't wait for next weekend!!
"duuude  apparently my grandma's family is english and french, no <propmale>  then grandpa is <propmale>, then the other side of the family is <propmale>, austrian, czechoslovakian, and a whole bunch of other european places  i just didn't know grandma was english and french  whoaaa"
no school tomorrooowwww
does any one know how much homecoming photos are? you have to buy them before homecoming apparently
homecoming was really fun  laugh 
i miss my friends outside of school   
a-m-a-z-i-n-g game
happy birthday <propfemale>  love  my best friend is older!
so nervous about tomorrows game   we're gonna win though!! (i hope)  love  see everyone there 
bright pink (like bethanys  wink )
i just realized i never update statuses  huh 
"thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday  laugh  i forgot completely about being on facebook haha, but i'm baaaack "
