2d255a0c94d62e5f02d1ce1ff65d7963
its not the end of the decade the end of the decade is at the end of 2010 this is just the end of nine out of 10 years!
please send me presents on farmville
i was just watching snl and <propfirst> swift was performing and there was a guitarist who looked emo and a bass player who was banging his head like <propmale> lunstrom except it was to you belong with me lol!!!!
just got back from snowboarding from 9 smile 0 am to 7 pm i wiped out bad and im sore all over and my head hurts but it was awsome!
ugh my computer speakers are busted and now i cant listen to music on youtube  homework just got alot more boring
i lost my phone at school if can help please do 
i found my phone at school woohoo!!!
i got a new ipod woohoo!
i hate midterms
diary of a wimpy kid id being made into a movie! why didnt i see this coming?
midterms are over!!!!
got my new ipod fixed finally
just got like $45 worth of itunes gift cards yes!    now i just need my ipod back  sad 
12 gauge!!
is anybody in mrs  cabals spanish class? i need to know what the poem is supposed to be about
toyota's new mottos #1 toyota keep moving forward    and forward    and forward #2 toyota nothing can stop us now
entered an online contest that i really wanna win i entered 5 times 10 by tommorow
just entered the contest 11 times  iv got to win this!!
"went snowboarding, feet hurt, funn as hell, and its fun snowboarding and listening to kalmah, and amon amarth"
entered the competition 17 times now i must win!
just entered the competition 31 times  i must win!
goin to ireland on april 18th !!!}{ellz yea}{!!!
lol scrubs is the best!
i entered a contest and they said theyd announce the winner in roughly one week  its been roughly 2 and a half weeks -_-
like this if you think bird watching should be a sport
im goin to ireland tommorow o}{ yea}{
ireland is awsome!!!!!!!!
got back from ireland
"<(\)"""
goin to the adirondacks
"back from adirondacks plaed with spears, fire, guns, and went fishing \burning things is fun"
r i p  <propfirst> <propfirst> dio
bolt thrower
taking the world by storm
went to the sound garden today bought kataklysm-prevail album and a bottle of water
just bought ex deo- romulus and gojira- from mars to sirius at sound garden
destroy destroy destroy is so much better than attack attack
find the n mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
curse you ghannaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the sound garden never disapoints  smile 
one from the stands
liberata los katitos
"count your chickens before you eat them\don't make the same mistake i did"
six feet under
i hear there's a new smurfs movie coming out i think they're gonna call it avatar 2
here in harwich england on the cruise ship waitng for everyone to get on and for the ship to move  first stop is copenhagen
"everyone stop sending me farmville requests i gave that up long ago \that means you toki and pickles!"
"just bought my first snowboard at the fairgrounds\i got some bindings too \i cant wait to use it this winter instead of those cheap rentals which is just a heavy peice of plastic nailed to a heavier peice of plastic built for blunt durability so it won't break \im even more excited for skii club now!!!"
mint <propfirst> kerrr-unch
