a3f0f4151bb54f0e26505568f2a6293d
rockin' out with sisters & the fam to band hero    even jilly has her plastic mic shakin it    i love it!  smile 
<propfemale> feels like a man! ha ha! duran duran will do that to you!
the countdown continues    10 work days left     woot woot!  smile 
9 work days left! yippie skippie!
yep    you guessed it    only 8 work days left! woooo hooo!
7 work days left!
not to sound like i am bragging    but i am just super excited     6 work days left! i ? life!
4 work days left!  smile 
goodbye's suck     bad!  sad 
enjoyed seeing everyone on saturday! was a great family reunion!
thinks the sisters need to plan a sleep-over with drinks and chick flicks to have a mental break! kayla-you bring the skittles    lol
<propfemale>'s first day in her new toddler bed    awwwwwee makes me sad! she loves it!
"took apart a crib today, put together a toddler bed, loaded stuff in the attick (which was like a sauna), mowed the lawns in 100° weather     sweated like a fat pig   and now i have a <propmale> headache that will not go away!"
enjoying my moments of silence before sleepy time   smile 
celebrating 9 fabulous yrs of marriage! (13yrs together) i ? my baby! muah!
"why is it that when you don't have plans for weeks    no one comes over or makes plans with you   but when you have plans, they all come @ once?!?! hmmmmm      i think the world should revolve around me! lol    wouldn't that be nice, he he!"
"going to magic mountain with the hubby tomorrow     just me and the hubby the entire day    can't remember the last time that happened     long time, way too long!"
is super pooped!
is happy her niece <propfemale> is on fb so we can chat   smile 
hates weeds! helping the hubby clean up the flower beds    it's hot!
had a long day working in the yard with the hubby     love him! yard looks great baby    thank you!   wink 
does not want to do yoville or farmtown     lol
so much to do   so little time! need about 4 more me's!
can't believe my baby girl is 2 today! i ? her soooo much! where does the time go? had a good day with family!  smile 
sooooooo sleepy today!
is enjoying the weekend! looking forward to seeing more family! ?
potty training    uggggh! did so well the first day   not so much the last few  sad 
disneyland on saturday     yippie! (*backflip wink    smile  i ? being with family!
getting up at the butt crack of <propfemale> to go to disneyland    yay! but can't go to sleep because i am too excited!  smile   weird that this is the 3rd time going in the last yr and i am still this excited    must be the kid in me   wink ~ hope everyone has a great 3day weekend!
disneyland was fantabulous! was the best trip there yet! thanks <propfemale> for a great day! love you lots! muah!
wishes i was a cheerleader so that maybe when i did the splits today in the water someone spilled and didn't wipe up it wouldn't have hurt so badly!  sad     lol
going to the wild fun center with a friend for a play date with the little one's   smile 
is fb being retarded 4 anyone else? can't im or navigate to other pages     uggh
"had a great 1st day at the gym    learned how out of shape i am (well i kinda knew   just hoped differently   lol) but on the up side, i think it just may be something i can stick to now that i have a gym buddy   thanks <propfemale> (just stop pushing your brownies on me and we'll be good   i ate like 4 of them by the way   they were good    which in my case is bad   lol)  wink "
gonna be a gooooooood week!  smile 
mom should not eat chocolate     no bueno!
can't seem to get the umpf out to do anything!
another good day at the gym   kinda getting into this workout thing    me likey!
"so my beautiful daughter is at the table eating cereal   when i hear a bunch of rattling, i go to check on her and she is eating with 7 spoons    guess she figured she could get the job done faster that way    lol"
"pretty sad how 13 <propfemale> with a trainer kicked my butt! but     it can only get better, right? this shit isn't cheap either    no wonder there are so many over weight people   junk food is cheaper, more convenient and it costs a whole lot less to sit on me booty than pay for the gym & trainer  but   it will all be worth it, just have to keep telling myself that!  smile "
ghosts of girlfriends past was sooooo cute    i ? that man! lol
is sore!
would really like some energy to do something!
i bored my sister to death today while i cleaned and now she is sleeping @ 4pm    that is so sad    sorry <propfemale>! muah!
kicked <propfemale>'s bootey in monopoly (like really bad) and the little sweetheart is still brushing my hair   what a sister! muah! love ya <propfemale>!
"my daughter just came in and put her hand on my arm and said so very sweetly, \wanna dance mom?\"" sooooo precious  smile """
"happy birthday <propfemale>! hope you had a great day! xoxo (tried posting on your wall several times, but keep getting some error page   hmmm) miss you girl!"
loves it when my sister plays with my hair (even if she makes fun of all my grays    lol)  ?
teran and bryton went on a camping trip with cub scouts      so cute!
is missing my boys! glad they are having fun!  smile 
got my ego squashed today (not that i had much of one to begin with)    some guy at the gym asked if my little sis was my daughter     wow     i am 11 yrs older    but really?!? lets just say he had sweat in his eyes and couldn't see    there that makes me feel better    lol  happy 19th to my baby sister!!!!! (not daughter   hehe)
my husband is such an awesome man!
is sooooo iritated that the shipment of <propfemale>'s halloween costume was cancelled and out of stock on every single web site! it was soooo cute too    bummed!
victory is mine! muah ha ha ha!
"<propfemale>, get your boobs out of my face!!! lol"
never enough time in the day!
needs to get pumpkins!
doesn't know what to get the hubby for his b-day     why are men so hard to buy for? ugggggh!
"11+ <propmale>, 500+ calories burned @ the gym    now off to mow the lawns and go grocery shopping     whew!"
important step to boiling eggs: turn on the burner!!!! lame asssss! lol
had an awesome time with the hubby @ six flags yesterday! thanks mom for watching the kiddos! ?
"worked it at the gym     feeling good    stinky, but good   lol"
i think i will save the gym for the afternoon so bryton can play too     plus now i can go check out the new walmart and maybe hit the mall for some christmas ideas     smile  cuddled in bed with jilly for an hour watching cartoons    it was sooooo cold this morning  i ? cuddling     she is such a sweetie!
"bbq'd tri tip for dinner all by myself and it was yummy! poppy would be proud!  smile  thanks mom for the tri tip, sorry we had to grub without you   sad "
sooooo excited i get to see my big sister!  smile 
"uggggh    housework, it never ends!"
burned 700+ calories @ the gym today   yay me!
taking bryton for a haircut      prayers please!
planning 10yr anniversary trip back to cancun! super excited! (even though it is lke 8 months away)
i miss my sisters!  sad 
nasal drip    is sooooooo anoying!
"my 2yr old just told me i not to put the bowl of popcorn on the desk, cuz if it falls i will have a big owie   she wants it in her lap    lol"
on-line christmas shopping rocks when there is free shipping      love it! i ? christmas!
well     damn! that is all i have to say!
"shampooed carpets, did laundry, worked in the garage     i am pooooooped!"
"how easy it is to judge one's choices life when you haven't traveled their road     we all have different bumps, turns, & places traveled    and never really know the other person's journey or the obstacles they may have had to overcome  amazed at the immaturity of some adults    saddened by the effects of it    sad "
"wish someone was video tapping my afv moment last night! did a face plant on the carpet   not sure how but i was going to pick <propfemale> up over my head as i was walking down the hall and totally ate it    did the mommy move and somehow lifted her to the side to protect her and my face caught the fall    boo for rug burns! <propfemale> was just fine    better than fine, she was laughing  lol"
excited to make goodies for thanksgiving!
don't have a clue what to get the hubby for christmas! uggggh! and when i asked him    you know what the terd told me???? a tub of popcorn     little smart ass! lol
wooooooo hooooooo!  smile 
the countdown to turkey consumption is on       wooooo hoooo! my mouth is already watering! happy thanksgiving everyone!
was a great week   found out i am going to be an aunt again    congrats again <propfemale> & <propmale>! found out my sister <propfemale> is getting married    congrats <propfemale>y & <propfirst>! had a thanksgiving feast    and it is only thursday!  smile  i am so grateful for my life and all that are in it    happy thanksgiving everyone!
yay! <propfirst> is spending the weekend     she's my favorite sister ever!  wink 
"can't believe the weekend is over already! and now the christmas festivities unfold    busy, busy, busy!"
any vegas guru's out there have suggestions on nice places to wed? helping my sister plan and any little bit of input would be great! (especially since i have never really spent any time there   lol)
looking forward to exciting things coming this next year! loving life!
wrapping presents is alot of work      getting there though  maybe this yr i won't be up until 4am christmas <propfemale> wrapping like most previous years    wink 
"so my 7yr old just asked me, \can we go to hawaii for my birthday?\"" and his reason was that he wants a \""kooky klicker\"" pen that is supposedly only sold there     lol kids crack me up!"""
leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word    no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you
bummed    the <propfemale> i wanted was sold! and my plans for the night fell through    maybe tomorrow 
wishes the effen mexicans would turn down their damn music    i can't hear myself think! walls are rattling and the movie i am trying to watching is ruined from the distraction! ugggghhh!
peanut butter bon bons & fudge topped brownies are done    tomorrow i start on cookies    sooooo excited for christmas!
"i pray that you all come to realize that life is really too short to not make amends and just come to terms with the fact that just because we are all family doesn't in any way mean that we are the same  we all live different lives, have different likes dislikes, walk a different road, etc   but we are supposed to accept those differences and love eachother anyway, because that is what family does damn it!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone! god bless all of you and your families! love you all!
is so blessed!  wink 
"stay tuned for pics of \cupcake\""    my new <propfemale>!  smile """
is so excited for 2010   lots of great stuff happening! happy new year everyone!
hey futass    say hello to your second home    el gymo!
q: how do you know when a room is too small to play wii tennis? a: when you smack your opponent in the head with the remote when you swing @ the ball    lol
really wishes some certain somebody's didn't have to live in oklahoma!!!  sad 
had a good time with my seeesters    thank you <propfemale> & <propfemale>! love you girls! xoxo
my mom just tripped and blammed it on wearing her reading glasses to walk    lol
"does anyone know of a doctor that will actually go the extra mile to figure out what is wrong with a person rather than pushing pills for something that may or may not be what is wrong with a you????? i would really like to find one, cuz it seems like they are not existant these days  frustrating!!!"
needs something to do     hmmmm
"why is it so easy to gain wait    but so hard to lose it? tired of busting my butt @ the gym and not seeing the results    ugggh  maybe the hubby will spring for lipo   lol, i could never do it "
anyone have some extra energy they could give me? i am beat! hope everyone has a great weekend!
"any bakersfield friends with o+ or o- blood willing to donate blood for a family friend who needs blood transfusions so she can have surgery, please let me know and i will send you the info where to go and her name "
my baby boy is 8 today! boooo hooo
"my jilly baby is sick!  sad  and we were supposed to go to a snow campout this weekend with the cub scouts! why does this stuff always happen at the worst times    never when we are bored at home anyway, only when you have plans    ugggh!"
missing my boys and hoping they don't get snowed in too much   sounds pretty bad up there  i ? them so much!
"so a pizza commercial comes on tv tonight   way after dinner    and jilly says to me, \i want pizza mom\"" me: \""you want pizza??? we already ate dinner  (which wasn't pizza) jilly: \""i yike pizza mom!\"" i laughed and she say's \""comon mom\"" and tries yanking me to the kitchen to get pizza     lol"""
is wishing my house came with a self cleaning option    ugggh
"my troat and chest are on fire    no likey being sicky    who's gonna make my chicken noodle soup and rub vicks on me and bring me medicine and give me massages and sanitize the house and blah blah blah    no one! cuz i am the mommy!!!! ok   done complaining, everyone have a good day!  wink "
sick and irritated    not a good combo!
"had a good time @ rollerama with the family and some friends  1st time for jilly and she did great! after about the 3rd time around she says to me \i like skate mom\"" ?"""
go to urbandictionary com and enter your first name into search  copy and paste the first entry  no cheating and picking the one you like the most!
contemplating if i should torture my husband and make him take me out for <propfirst>'s day  ~taking me out isn't the torture part    the loads of people and time waiting for a table    etc  but    in 14yrs i don't recall us ever going out on <propfirst>'s day    is that sad or what?
earaches are yucky!
wishing i could hear again!
i love my husband!   smile 
"my 2yr old ate more pizza for dinner than i did (i ate 1, she ate 2)"
looking forward to my <propfirst>'s date with the hubby ?
trying to talk myself into going to the grocery store    not going over so well    lol anyone want to go for me?     please!!!!
"i think my husband has the house bugged    just after i said that when he gets home i am leaving to get away for a while because my kids are driving me nuts   he calls to tell me he is working late    damn, there goes my <propmale> of getting my sanity back! lol"
"teran & bryton painted their pinewood derby cars and jilly & i painted our nails    she did really good considering she is only two  and afterwards i taught her to say \am i pretty daddy? can i have some money to go shopping?\"" lol"""
takin a lunch break from laundry and shampooing carpets    and a little nerf gun battle with the kids    lol
doesn't even know where to begin!
lovin' all the family time! had a great weekend and looking forward to another!  smile 
so thankful my uncle will is going to be ok! ?love and prayers? xoxo to you uncle will
"home from taking my sister and niece to the airport     so sad!!!! i hate that they have to be so far away! *sniff, sniff*"
"<propfirst> in the crack makes your ass smell wack! (according to my sister's <propfemale> & <propfemale>, who stunk up my car on the way home last night    lol)"
feeling lazy today    
is feeling a little bitchy     but that ice cream did help   smile 
where there is a will    there is a way     may not be an easy road    but undoubtedly worth it! ?
have my niece for the weekend    love her ?
what a day! i think my grey hair population quadrupled in just the last 24hrs     ughhh!
feels like my strings are being pulled in every direction and they are starting to wear thin    grrrrr    sometimes i'd like to just disappear!
"thinks cars should last forever and never need new tires or parts, etc    took mine in for a rotation & i have 2 bad front end parts & supposedly they are too bald to rotate    what the crap???!!! they don't even look bald to me, seems like we just replaced the damn things! tires alone are like $700   don't even want to know about the rest    maybe i can wreck it and get a new one     lol"
aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! ok i'm done
sometimes wishes i was a mind reader       
10yr anniversary vacation searching      so many decisions to make     cancun is still looking like our #1 choice     excited! ?
had an amazing sunday   hubby took me & kids for a little plane ride to solvang for breakfast & then we walked around in all the little shops     came home and had dinner with some great friends  ? i am so blessed!
has short hair    and hates it!  sad  should have just kept my same old 90's hair do    lol
so you know your hair looks bad when your friend pays her son to tell you it looks good    lol   love you <propfemale>! xoxo
really has the urge to buy lots of new shoes     but all the styles out right now are so damn ugly     really saddens me & my feet    sad 
"gym, gym, gym     gotta keep goin to the gym  with trishy's wedding in june and cancun in july    can't give up now, half way to my goal    hopefully the 2nd half won't be so stubborn    lol"
"<propmale> (the baby i watch for a friend) is gabbing like crazy and <propfemale> yells to him, \i can't hear the tv <propmale>!\"" lol"""
i can't wait for the 6 pairs of shoes i ordered to come in    that was hard work shopping through all those ugly gladiator shoes & all the other crap out there    can't believe i managed to find so many i liked    smile 
"hubby's been gone since 6a m  working, poor baby     and i am bored! i ? him!"
laundry     yuck!
"how is it that toys get heavier after you play with them? jilly claims she can't pick up because her toy is too heavy    hmmmm somehow she managed to <propfemale> it out here!\too smart for her own good if you ask me! lol"
really hates it when my kids make me cry because i am fed up with them not listening! this mommy needs a break!
happy mother's day to all of my wonderful fellow mommies! hope you are all having a great day! ?
had a great day with a great friend! thank you <propfemale>! ?
"not looking forward to yardwork this weekend! ugggh!\but at least it will look pretty again  ?"
looking forward to date night with the hubby tonight  ?
"was feeling a little like an old married couple when our dinner & movie was over @ 8:20   so stopped off @ home depot   wow, now that made me feel better   lol"
the gym is calling my name and i just want to go back to bed and put the covers over my head   but i won't cuz i am on a mission     ugggh    ok i'm going  have a good day everyone!
what the crap!!! all i have to say is   someone better have been having a nightmare  because if they kill off <propmale> and <propfirst> on oth    i am gonna be mad!
needs more time to stop and smell the roses     
packing up to go to seaworld! have a good weekend everyone!
is discusted!!!
missing my boys!
wishing my to do list would stop growing! yowsers!
belgian wafffles      yummmmmmmmm!  smile 
wishes i would learn to stop over doing everything    my back is b-r-o-k-e-n     time to cash in that massage gift certificate    if i can just find the stinkin time to go  gonna be a crazy week! can't wait for thurs    off to vegas!  smile 
almost vegas time        smile 
"weekend in vegas went too fast   busy, busy   wish we had more days to visit with family! my sister was beautiful! ?"
yahoooooooo   that is all i have to say   smile 
allergies are kickin my butt    can't even see straight    blah
baby #1 of 4 to come in the next yr is on his way today     love gettin new nieces and nephews! woooo hoooo! ?
"my new nephew is here! boston <propfirst> mccauley, 8lb 9oz, 20in long  born @ 4 surprise 5pm\congratulations <propfemale> and <propmale>! love you guys! ?"
gotta watch twilight & new <propfemale> this weekend so i will know what is going on when i take my niece for the midnight showing of eclipse     what i go through to be the favorite aunt    lol  lovin my time with her ?
really wants to start packing for cancun    gonna try to hold off 1 more week   smile 
so glad i am not bella    just could not make that decision    wow!
<propfemale> is gone   sad 
clean house      be lazy     hmmmm tough decisions 
"bryton broke open a scab on his knee tonight & was freaking out a little    so i put neosporin & a bandaid on it  when i was done, <propfemale> says, \thank you o' much for making my brudder better mom!\"" ?"""
is one lucky girl! ?
"my daughter warms my ?    the poor little sweetie got some stomach bug today & got sick  when i took her in the bathroom to clean her up she says, \sorry i burp on your carpet mom!\"" made me tear up that she was appologizing to me!"""
"cancun countdown    7days     woooooohooooo!\almost done packing  wink "
a new niece it is       yippie! congrats to my sister <propfemale>!  smile 
"cancun countdown      3 days!!!! i am so blessed!!! \loving my family! ?"
"this time tomorrow we will be on our plane for cancun!!!! i am sooooo ready!\i have the most awesome husband in the world! ?"
sitting in a hot tub on my balcony under the stars in cancun     loving life!
"had an awesome time in cancun, i want to go back already! hmmmm   10yrs was too long to be away, i think the hubby will have to take time off every yr to go    smile \next time     no kids, i don't know what i was thinking! they had fun, but drove us nuts!  smile ~"
"if you haven't seen inception     you need to    great movie!\had a nice time with the hubby tonight!?"
b-day baking time    i can't believe my baby is 3 today  i am sure i will be tearing up off and on all day   sad   i think it's harder to get over them getting so big since we are sure that we aren't having anymore    time flies! loving every moment! ?
it doesn't matter where you are    it matters how you got there!
?100+ outside & yardwork are no bueno?
"wow    after all the salt water taffy i have consumed the last 2days, i would not be surprised if i pooped a rainbow!  smile "
boy did i not miss the fighting over homework     uggghhh!
my ocdness annoys the crap out of me!
thinking about going back to work so i can hire a maid to clean up after these slobs! eeeeek!
is sick    uggh!  sad 
can somebody tell me what the purpose is of snot?
sometimes i am amazed at just how amazing i am     just sayin  wink ~
so now i'm evil according to my son!
i guess it should be a hint when there are only like 10 people in the theatre on a saturday night  vampires suck      well it kinda sucked! but did have a nice time with the hubby!  smile 
bryton gets a's in classroom conduct every week & appears to do everything right    so why the heck does he have 3+ hrs of homework every damn night!?! is this normal? teacher said in back to school night that he shouldn't have more than 1hr with his 30min of reading    so am i missing something? good thing i am not working or poor kid wouldn't get anything done   sad 
"went to the fair tonight & how sad is it that u realize just before getting on the ferris wheel that all the banging noise is workers trying to get a pin that holds part of it together back on that    fell out! no thanks, pass on that ride! they kept running the darn thing too    nuts! minus all the stinkin people    it was a nice evening with the fam! (<propfemale> & <propfirst> too)"
enrolling jilly in gymnastics & bryton in taekwondo    wish me luck! ?
<propfemale> is not my best quality! not when it comes to finding out if i am having a niece or nephew!!!!!!  smile 
omg     how embarrassing!!! someone rang the door <propfemale> & i had just finished piling all my hair on my head with hair dye and i ran out to grab <propfemale> just as she opened the door  some real estate guy wanting to leave his card    
"i know something you don't know! (that is if <propfirst> isn't messing with my fragile little emotions   lol, which would be really mean if he is)"
"ok    it's true! i really do know something you don't know!  wink \wooooohoooooo! yipidy splipidy      yabbbbba dabbba doooooooo!"
needs to get the lead out
is sore    but feeling good about getting my butt back to the gym   smile 
lord help me deal with my childs whiney attitude before i pop his head like a bad pimple!!!!
"party planning is coming along nicely    can't wait to surprise my grandma! ?\and baby shower planning too    can't wait to see my trishy! ?"
"neighbor kid threw a brick threw our house window yesterday    tire shop screws up putting on tires & we wake up today to a completely flat tire     other than that, it's been a pretty good weekend!  wink "
your imperfections are what make you perfect to the right person!
is wishing she could have just a little energy    feel like i could sleep for a week!
hates goodbyes    they should be called badbyes!  sad 
had a great time with sisters this past week! ?
"attention!!!!!!!!! donot join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on fox news at 5  please copy and post!!! let's keep our children safe!! (please take a minute to copy & paste)"""
praying for the campbell family    asking god to give them strength and comfort in their time of loss  love you all so much! ?xoxo?
getting my gym groove back    feels good!
wish i had a magic wand to clean my house     or at least some energy to do it myself    blaaaaahhh!
"taking the hubs to see saw vii tonight & off to magic mountain tomorrow  kind of a date night saturday     looking forward to time with him     he works way too much!\love you baby!"
<propfemale> garden for lunch & play time at park with a great friend    couldn't be a better thursday for me & jilly!
my children are on my last nerve already! it's too early to be this annoyed!
not even 8 smile 0 and both of my kids are asleep!!!!!! i'm having a drink    yes it has been one of those kind of days!
pistachios+mike's pink lemonade+quiet house=happy momma ?
hmmmm     wonder if i am gonna have a niece tomorrow?!?!
hates going to the grocery store!!!
"wish my hubby was home! i worry when he works such long hours!  sad \he's been gone since 7pm last night after only a 2hr break from a 10hr day & probably won't be home for 5hrs  someone please tell him how ridiculous that is     he doesn't listen to me  i think i will tell his mommy! oh wait, fb just did!  smile "
"both of my kids are cleaning their own rooms! wow, i guess no tv for a week really works!"
i think my daughter likes the little mermaid too much    she just came in brushing her hair with a fork! hahahaha
"my sister is cooking a turkey in her belly! ?\8 days late so far    poor thing! can't wait to meet her!"
after a very long weekend (especially for <propfemale>) my new niece is here! mommy & daddy did such a great job and they are all doing good  jadeynn is absolutely beautiful! congrats to my baby sister!       and <propfirst> too  smile 
"what a crazy past week    looking forward to some smooth sailing    not that i am sailing anytime soon    that would be nice though, except the cold weather!"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite friends to do the same!!"
my daughter makes me laugh!  smile 
looking forward to an awesome family weekend! i ? family time!
science projects are a pain in my a$$! just sayin    
"let the baking begin       pb bon bons, molasses cookies, fudge topped brownies, cheesecake bars, kiss topped cookies, <propfemale> face grahams    hmmm should i stop there?"
loving my life and everyone in it     can't wait for christmas     i love getting to see family! ?
home at last     whew!
"husband week: if you have a husband who is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you even when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married: 7 15 2000"
"what good is going to the gym everyday if i can't stop eating like a pig     ughhh, have some damn self control!"
what's better than a 28cent dinner    cup o' soup  haha
9 yrs ago today my life changed forever! being a mommy brings love to a whole new world  so blessed to have him in my life! happy birthday to the sweetest spirit ever! ?xoxo?
time needs to stop going by so darn fast    all these kiddos (mine included) growing up so fast   sad 
waiting impatiently for my little nephew to come into the world  excited   laugh 
"feels good to be home, but i miss my okie fam already! ?"
happy birthday to my mommy! xoxo
"to celebrate valentine's day, change your profile picture to you and your significant other  re-post and tell how long you've been together "
enjoyed my auntie time with jadeynn today! thank you <propfemale> for sharing your little angel with me! love you both soooooo much! xoxo
so many things are made way more complicated than they really need to be! annoying!
think about how much more we could accomplish if we didn't spend so much time on unnecessary details!
i get to see my jadeynn bug and maybe my <propfemale> baby this weekend        love them! ?
guess i better get my sluggish ass to the gym before the day is over                yay me! (sorry had a london tipton moment   haha)  good day all!
"jillian: you're irritating me  \me: i'm what???\jillian: ummm   you're cute  *big guilty smile*\yeah     that's what i thought!"
had a great time bowling with family today! don't be jealous of my score 41   now gonna play wii bowling to get my eago back   lol  thanks for the good day <propfemale>! ?
enjoyed my visit with a good friend! love you <propfemale>! xoxo
1 more day     yippie! ?
goodbyes suck!!!  sad 
