2e0f47cd105520a85d5ca9a0380f648f
very tired from work
the new ncis dvd came out today!!! yay!!!! i'm a little addicted =-)
i'm going to kill my laptop in about 2 minutes    the screen will go black for no reason sometimes and i don't know why
man i hope bible study is on for friday  i finally have a day off from fazoli's and i'm in desperate need of some god friends-time 
12 more days of summer til college enslaves me  sad 
oh man work was horrible today  i felt miserable and i had to close  glad to be home and to have the weekend off!!!! woo-hoo!
manit is so nice to sleep in and know that you don't have anywhere to be today
"\why are these lights so bright? did we get hitched last night? dressed up like elvis   why'm i wearing your class ring?\"" la la la la la la"""
just got done watching up and it was so cute!!! not what i e playful ected at all
momma made me my grandma's biscuits with black syrup   yum!!! what a great way to start the day!
got my books and found my classes  now i'm finally ready to start college
working 5-close tonight  ugh  pray for me to get done quickly!!!!
closing at work wasn't as bad as i thought it would be  and tomorrow i only work 5-8 so i get a break from these long hours!!! woo hoo!
i hate the hicups
finally got the last season of ncis on dvd!!! yay! can't wait for the next season to start on tv  september 22
i'm off again on friday so hopfully there will be bible study!
man does anyone remember the cartoon the rescuers? my mom ust bought the dvd and now i'm watching it lol  this is like a blast to the past!
you'd think with only 3 hours of sleep that i would be tired but i'm not  how am i ever gonna get back on schedule for school?
man i'm addicted to these quiz things
alright well i'm off to try to get some sleep  talk to you all tomorrow
oh my goodness  my dad is a car nerd
i wonder where my life will lead me
man i am hungry!
i'm so happy to be home and off of work on friday! bible study anyone?
"when i could not reach mercy, mercy came running to me!"
"how come whenever i try to do the interview thingy, it will never go past that stupid banana question?"
nervous for the first day of college
wow  i'd almost forgotten how much i hate mornings  ugh
the weight of my world is starting to bear down on me
college has made me dog tired
i never thought i would feel so accomplished just by finishing homework lol
today i've got math and psycology class then <propfemale> is so graciously picking me up and then i'm off to work at 5
i'm tired of people only thinking about themselves
bought the first season of supernatural! man i love this show!
gotta close tonight  hopfully it won't be too bad 
yay college!!!!!
i'm determined to turn <propfemale> into a ncis junkie
i'm ready for a guy to come along who is ready to risk everything to be with me         sounds like a line out of a chick flick lol
my official psych professor is back from africa and i'm so happy cuz she is so much better than the other guy  much more interesting!!!!
i love brownie batter!
i'm thinking i had more brownie than i could handle lol
today is going to be a great day because i said so and nothing is going to change that 
i'm so excited that i get to leave college early today!!!!!! woo hoo!!!!
my mom is so addicted to farm town
is not happy about the ending of supernatural this week  sad 
"if i can only be with you in my dreams, then let me sleep forever "
"school tomorrow and then closing at work  what a perfect way to end the week, right?  annoyed "
off to math class
closing at work tonight then self-defence tomorrow morning at weisenborn  man i really miss being in crime watch!!!
so i'm officially addicted to this song by skillet called monster
can't we just skip halloween???
went to five different freakin stores and not one of them had the second season of supernatural  sad 
2 hr house premiere tonight!!!!  tomorrow night ncis and ncis annoyed a premiere!!!!!! this is one of the only great things about fall
ugh i have a psycology test on wednesday and there is so much to study!!!!
all i want to do is sleep
so i officially hate macs     i'm a pc kinda girl
philly cheese steaks are flippin fantastic!!!
"so when you get the <propmale>, are you gonna take it? there's a really big world at your fingertips and you know you've got the <propmale> to change it "
alright i'm off to study  ncis premiere tonight!!!!! woo hoo!
had a great day  everything went just right!
just finished my english paper  now i've got to do some psych  yay
i love lazy days!
"just found out that they are making one of my favorite books, the host, into a movie!!!!! oh man i'm freaking out over here!!!!!!"
is staying home tomorrow and taking the day off
i have a brother for sale  anyone want him???
i am totally in love with chicken and dumplings
had a couple energy drinks and now i'm wired
feels very accomplished
is super duper afraid of spiders
man it feels good to be all clean and just relax after a hard day's work
i aced my psychology exam!!!!! yay!!!
is getting ready to rake the yard  it always seems like our leaves are the first to fall
i am ready for thanksgiving to be here 
closing at work tonight  sad 
wants to go to north <propfemale> again this summer!!!
doc appt after school to get my flu vaccine then ncis later!!!!! yay
missed a class on accident  silly me 
nighty night  sleep tight
is rocking the popped collar
is ready to go home
is bored to tears
i tell you now satan you have lost again!!!!
is in love with the guitar on back in black by acdc
man my room is crazy cold  i think i'm gonna buy a heater before winter comes around 
is closing at work once again  in other words     come eat at fazoli's!!!!!
man i'm so happy that tomorrow is friday!!!!
made it through the day  i guess thats good news
today's just one of those days that i could care less about what i look like
really doesn't want to write her english paper
hates being sick 
attempted making home-made taffy with my momma  didn't go as well as we planned lol
is polishing her english paper and listening to <propfirst> buble  thanks mr wyrick for all your infinite knowledge!!!!
trying to figure out my schedule for winter quarter
hates yogert with fruit chuncks in it! yuck!
please pray for my family  it sounds like my great gma is getting ready to die and we're going to go visit her tonight  pray that we get there in time to see her and that god will comfort us
i have the bestest best friend in the world! <propfemale> i love you and i really don't know what i would do without you!
"kings island fear fest next saturday with the fantastic five (butch, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale> and me)!!!! haven't <propmale> out with my friends in forever and now the whole gang is getting together!!!!! yay"
some people in my family can be so dumb  ugh
hopfully work doesn't drag by tonight
can't remembers the last time i played with my keyboard  how sad!  i'm gonna have to do that tonight before heading off to bed!!!!
needs to study for my psychology exam next monday  sad 
getting ready to go to my 'friend-making' class lol
its finally friday
"man, why do my joints hurt so much today?!?!?!?!?!"
i don't know what i'm gonna do without bible study at the browns house!!!!!  sad 
listening to <propfirst> buble and making taffy  hopfully the new recipe will work better than the last one  smile 
hot apple cider = fall
man i'm ready to go back to bed!
i feel a long day coming on
i love the feeling of having a weight taken off of your sholders
closing at work four days in a row is going to be tiring
"math, psych, then closing again tonight  man i'm exhausted! cant wait for it to be saturday!!!!!!"
the proposal is amazing!!!!!!
ate a delicious roast beef panini  now i am content
one word              payday
how can anyone believe that the world we live in was an accident  life is so beautiful and complex  how can chaos bring about the grand canyon and the sea and mountains and millions of species of animals and human life? it would be easier to take apart all the pieces of a watch and shake them in a bag until they were put back together  isn't it plainly obvious that there is a god and that he made everything we know?
i love rock and roll! so put another dime in the jukebox baby!
it is way too cold outside to be fall!
is too tired to function this early in the morning
but luck will leave you cause it is a faithless friend and in the end when life has got you down you've got someone here that you can wrap your arms around so hold on to me tight
is craving biscuits and black gravy  i'll learn how to make it this weekend   
watching silverado for the first time  <propfirst> costner used to be very cute 
kings island tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is getting ready to write the english paper i failed to do this weekend 
summer nights! everybody are you with me? let that igloo cooler <propfirst> your piece of paradise! summer nights! everybody's feeling sexy! holler if your ready for some summer night!
now i'm all caught up
is kicking butt and taking names! i feel on top of the world!
29 more days
took a 2 hour nap on a couch in the piano room
is happy to be home from work
"psych class at 3, paranormal activity tonight and staying at <propfemale>'s house, fazoli's ralley tomorrow morning at 9, then shopping for a costume"
eating olde tyme pretzles and drinkin a cafe mocha in psych class  yum
is anyone having a halloween party????
lots to do today  gotta love mondays
when is beggers night in huber?
has got a stuffy nose!!! yuck  playful 
gets to wear her halloween costume for kidsnight at fazoli's!!!! yay!!!
just got done watching the strangest video in english class
draw a pig and discover your personality! lol its at drawapig desktopcreatures com drawapig asp
is slightly freaking out about winter registration
is closing tonight but off for the rest of the weekend!!!!!! yay
has an utterly dumb computer
ugh! long night     but hoping for a long weekend
forgot to do her math homework  oops!
"two more weeks of classes, one week of exams, and six weeks of winter break"
feels wide awake!!! yay for daylight savings time
is in love with the show three rivers!
's new found love--------paninis
feels like crap  its been a long day! and now i get to look forward to tomorrow 
does not want to write this english paper
"alright i'm going to finish my paper now, before i go to work"
"if i eat cereal at 130 in the morning, is it considered breakfast???"
just wrote a rediculous essay in english about a pencil sharpener  weirdest assignment ever!
another night spent at work  thank god i'm off tomorrow!
"everyone else was doing this so i wanted to put it up too! facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether or not we speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of us together that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you "
is super sore from working last night 
no school on wednesday! woo hoo!
's hands are ice cold!
my psychology book says that people are becoming more intelligent      i beg to differ
"one class today, don't have to close, and no school tomorrow  i feel like i'm getting spoiled!"
studying for my uvc exam  ugh
can't wait for the weekend!
no more school for me!!!! yay!
friday can't get here quick enough
pardon my nerdy-twilight-obsessed-fan moment but       we are officially hours away from the release of the movie new <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (i'm just slightly freaking out  no worries)
is having a great weekend  can't wait for thanksgiving!
doesn't feel good  ugh i've got some sort of cold and i feel like crap  this is dumb
visited the <propmale> high today with <propfemale> and finally bought a heater for my crazy cold room!
loves how officer garlow tries to give advise about dating lol
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!
oh goodness  just watched my sister's keeper and it was so sad!!!!!! i don't remember crying so much in one movie!
is ready to start putting up the christmas tree    maybe next weekend
power went out today for a couple hours  ugh please let winter be over already!!!!!
"\don't you see all your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand\""---vanessa <propmale>"""
went to cliffton mills and had a great time hanging out with friends
"baby, it's cold outside!"
had an awesome time at kaseys house for <propmale>'s b-day party  definately the most fun i've had all break long lol
so avatar was pretty good
gotta get back to the real world next monday  ugh
pulled an allnighter--now lets see if i can make it through the rest of the day
getting ready to go pick up my books for college
first day back to school + closing at work = yuck
is tired of school already
3 hr chem lab today  not looking forward to it
i smelled my mobile phone in my car because i'm sexy and i do what i want
owwww!    papercut  sad 
does anybody else think that mondays are overwelming???
my new obsession: raspberry tea
what was i thinking when i took this dumb greek class?????
today's just another piece of the puzzle
loves the funny faces people make right before they sneeze  smile 
"<propfemale>--beautiful, sexy, and intelligent with a good sense of humor  loving, sincere, and trustworthy with an amazing personality  <propfemale> has a beautiful smile enchanting eyes and a great figure with a killer ass  she is everything a man wants in a woman"
"go to urbandictionary com type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status  put the definition of your name as your first"
three words---male restroom etiquette hahaha
i hate chemistry
i don't like that new music at fazoli's    its all in italian and now i can't sing along  sad 
sociology homework: act weird and see how people react         ok
so i'm actually starting to like football  wow  i just need a team to root for now
"dear winter, we are at your mercy  please give us a break!  <propfemale>"
today's not so bad
had the best close in the history of the world!
hates it when i can't find any music on the radio that i want to listen to
you think u know a guy  turns out to be a fraud with scams hiding up his sleeves 
is very exhausted
is so not ready for my chem exam tomorrow
college is turning me into a zombie
could seriously use a nap
my brother's stomach is a black hole!!!!!
registered for spring classes and got all the ones i wanted  yay! happy pancake day by the way!!!!!
spinach artichoke chicken pizza = yum
can't believe i actually had a good week     thumbs up
"if anyone likes listening to piano music, check out <propfemale> <propfemale> long     ah man i wish i would play like that"
chemistry is going to occupy my entire day      ugh i need to get this grade up!
my life currently sucks
oh no! they are remaking the karate kid  u can't redo a classic like that!
last chem lab today!!!!! yay
working to get stuff crossed off my to-do-list today   this week is going by fast! i can hardly keep up!
is feeling super tired today  wouldn't mind if work was slow tonight
today is a wonderful day!!!!!
"plans for this weekend: visit family near <propmale> and buy my car on saturday, then study chemistry on sunday  oh its gonna be a fun time"
 smile 
well today was fun!
just devoured the rest of my easter <propfemale>
getting ready for the house to be invaded by a bunch of messy 15 year old boys  reinforcements will be here shortly  this should be fun 
never wants spring break to end!!!!
is sore from twister
and so it begins
cotton candy=fluffy happiness
closing everyday this week but i get the weekend off   can't really complain
is on the search of powdered donuts\\n
it's an ice cream cone kinda day
is not good at going to bed early   
"went with dad, <propmale> and <propmale> to kilkare today  it was awesome!!!!"
bought my first scrubs today and now i'm super excited to become a nurse  yay!!!!
throat is starting to get sore  ugh i really don't want to be sick!
taking a break from life today\\n
i am bored out of my mind!!!!!!!!!!!!
just for the record   matt fannin is a master of cheesecakery
just one more month     just one more month
"is gonna get my stuff done today  yay for productivity! on a side note, go check out this new band called this love at myspace com callahan   they're pretty awesome"
microbiology is going to murder me
is tired of studying
this week is looking like it's going to be tough to get through
really wishes we had an ihop around here!\\n
"is off of work friday, saturday, sunday, and monday! who wants to <propfemale> out?!?!?!"
my mom never fails to make me crack up laughing
putt-putting later???
it's raining and <propfemale> outside      pretty cool!!!
someone spit on my car!!!! i hope they trip and fall on their face      
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!! you guys made my day that much more awesome!!!!!
it's about time
toy story 3 was amazing
i miss shows like growing pains!
you know you're a nerd when you get excited to buy books   
is starting to think there's a ghost in my attic lol
is going on an emergency chocolate run
el toro gets 2 thumbs up!
went to the mall today and didn't spend a dime  i'm so proud of myself! lol
momma-daughter days are the best! \\n
attention  <propfirst> tomlinson is a beast  that is all 
we all just need to put life on hold and take a freakin vacation!!!!!!!!
old hickory has the best ribs around!
"if you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you \tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you \strong  moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever!\i love you mom! ? put this as your status if you love your mom "
inception was brilliant  glad it lived up to the hype
whose birght idea was it to build a mosque right up the road from ground zero?
had fun in tennessee but glad to be back home  smile 
he'll move heaven and earth to come rescue you when you call
is learning the language of football
is actually looking forward to work just so i can get away from school
planning on a busy weekend  no rest for the weary
"had a blast with my momma, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> at the wedding! who knew we could teach mom to dance?!?!"
i'm tired of flashcards   
an exam every week for the rest of the quarter??? this is bull
feels so relieved!!!
i hope it rains like this for the rest of today
"i've been beaten down  i've been kicked around  but he takes it all for me \well i've had my ways, they were all in vain  but he waited patiently \it was all the same, all my pride and shame   but he put me on my feet \they call him love love love love love and he is all i need "
needs to stop panicing
starting to feel like i've got a little breathing room
just when i thought this week was gonna get better    
can someone tell me what is wrong with my car???
who's excited for sniffles season?!?!
i laugh every time i see a guy driving a vw bug
is so excited for the weekend
my nose is pitchin a fit!
is eating cough drops like <propfemale>
   and now its time to get ready for christmas!!!
getting ready to do thanksgiving # 2
"fazoli's is occupying my whole day!!!! ugh, i guess its ok tho"
feeling much better today!!!
hanging out at living word for the christmas concert with the browns  its gonna be great!\\n*raiders girl*
"have yourself a <propfemale> little christmas  let your heart be light  from now on, our troubles will be out of sight "
alright so    what are your favorite christimas songs?
why are we having spring weather in the middle of winter?
school tomorrow  sad 
please cancel class   please cancel class   please cancel class   please cancel class
i'm a youtube-oholic
what is the best way to jump-start your day? kick butt on black ops
i just want to fast-forward through today and go back to bed!
who's going to be doing dishes and making breadsticks all night long? that would be ms  tomlinson and i
happy 5th anniversary <propfemale> & <propfirst>!!! hope you enjoy your yummy dinner!!!
i've been ready for this weekend since monday!
"so instead of taking an exam today, i played the new black ops dlc with my bro   tons of fun!"
"cold, rainy, <propfemale>, monday mornings suck!!!"
"maybe if i cross both my fingers, we will have a delay tomorrow    "
my tummy was growling during the entire exam     kinda loud lol  i should have grabbed a muffin
i was almost killed by breadsticks today at work   pretty sure i'm gonna have a few bruises and maybe a goose egg
blueberry ='(
vacations need to happen more often   they are the medicine for life
the ocean just ate my flipflops!!!
"\i feel glamorous when i wake up in the morning!\"" <propfirst> <propmale> you are crazy   """
"\who's boba fett?\"" <propfemale> <propfemale> you grew up under a rock!"""
where did today go?
