2a0f86c179c146c5147583665ad48bc7
fml!!!
where is all my fam?
i wonder what this day will bring?
giving up on mankind
where is my son <propfirst>?
found my son    very sorry i did
be gone soon so if anyone has a comment get it in while u can!i'
i'm off this
omg my dog of 16 years is failing i can't deal with this shit
such a state of disorder       pretty bad when a young man is shot to death over a cigarette     a friend of my sons horrible city omg
friday the 13th uh-oh could be trouble lurking
friday night and i am spending it with my granddaughter i am so happy to have her!
grandchild #4 on the way
spending the night with my grandaughter so happy thank you lord for all the gifts you have given me
to all the mothers out there that just dump their kids with other people should be ashamed of themselves ! just saying
to my family: <propfemale> just put a <propfemale> up today just wanted to let u all know
so sad today my <propfemale> of 17 years is dying the heat is killing her had to give her mouth to nose last night to bring her back am i being fair to her?
getting ready to get my beautiful granddaughter for the night so happy she takes all my worries away
what a terrible city   gotta get out of here 2 men shot dead in their apartment yesterday both of them friends of both of my sons
another day     wonder what this one will bring
thank you god for all the good things in life that come free
happy birthday to my <propfemale> she is 3 years old today!!
thank god last time at the vets 2 times a day for 3 days    very painful injections 2 at a time an an i v  it was worth it my puppy is doing so good!
got my beautiful granddaughter for the night this is my good time
happy birthday to my son <propfirst> my first born 25 today
making roast beef wuth oven-brown potatos   to bad i'm a vegeterian!!
what a lousy do nothing day gotta get outa this rut
feel so lousy    don't know what is wrong bad stomach ache head and chest hurt oy
this is why i don't have friends     people say that they are your friend and will be there for u  only to find out that if u don't have something they want then they are to busy for u
tomorrow at 12 my faithful friend of 17 years will be dead and gone     i cannot deal with this i need some strength
<propfemale> vu i am so sorry i love you and i hope and pray that you are in doggy heaven young and painless
so very sad
to everyone who has offered me a kind word through this hard time of mine i want to thank you    do not feel like being online right now
to my <propfemale> vu      i miss you so  for 17 years we have been inseperable  we have been through a lot together and neither one of us had it easy  you are my soul and without you i am lost 
sorry everyone who i haven't gotten to game requests      just in a lousy frame of mind  will get to them soon
people are sooooooo stupid  you tell someone what not to do and they do it anyways and then they are mad at themselves for being so stupid and you know who you are
"if you have a dog who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, has forgiven your faults and loved you anyway, make this your status  dogs are a gift  repost this if you have or have had an amazing dog!"
"heavenly father walk through my home and take away all myworries and any illnesses and please watch over and heal my family &\friends in jesus name, amen  prayer is so powerful stop what you're\doing & set this to your status  watch what he'll do ng!!"
do not load the christmas tree app  it will crashyour computer  geek squad says it's one of the worst trojan virusesthere is and it is spreading quickly  please re-post and let yourfriends know
happy thanksgiving to everyone! wishing you all a wonderful full of food day!
i want to thank <propfirst>'s mom and sister for doing such a beautiful job on the baby shower   i really do appreciate it  and thank you so very much for everyone that attended  it means a lot
anyone who sent requests i willsend them when i can i am not able to f b won't let ne
why are people so ignorant  i pay a lot ofmoney for internet and cable andi don't get it because people are splicing my line    so i call cable to fix mine and i am the bad guy i'm sorry that i pay for it and can't get it because everyone else wants me to pay for theirs
i thought there were 7 children in my family      only to find out there is only one and it is not me
anyone with cityville requests i cannot accept them right now been having probs with f b and my internet connection will get to them as soon as i can
here's a number that isn't a game--- 5825  that's how many soldiers that have been killed in iraq & afghanistan protecting us  i'd like to see this posted on everyone's <propfemale>  question is      who is thankful enough to post this  r i p all of our fallen heroes
happy 21st <propfirst> have a wonderful birthday love ya!!!!
anyone who has a post about a girl who killed herself or a pregnant baby it is a virus and someone is hacking your status to do it
happy holidays to all may god bless you and keep you and your loved ones safe
i will have a grandaughter sometime today i have benn waiting since 4 a m  to hear something this is torture will repost when the baby is here
alexsi berky socobasin born at 1 smile 7 p m  today 7 lbs 6 oz 20 and a half inches healthy and beautiful soooo happy
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers & the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this"
happy new year!!!! everyone be safe!!
"please copy and paste to your status if u know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except for a foot up their ass, but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this-perhaps they need a foot up their ass"
bad virus everyone if u click on my first status u will get a whole lot more than u bargained for!
thank you everyone  for the birthday wishes have had no internet for 2 days
spending my b-day with my 2 grandaughters   best present i could get
been offline for 3 days thanks to comcast being idiots def gonna find another company
facebook virus: if  u see an app to see how many people have viewed your profile do not click!!!!!!
you know its cold when you look out the window and the creek that runs by is salt water and is frozen yikes! -24 here with the wind chill
to: my beautiful precious new granddaughter alexsi    <propfemale> loves you so much you are so beautiful and perfect!!
getting my beautiful granddaughter <propfemale> later on    so happy love her so much it will be a good day for me!!
oh were or were did my daughter go   
<propfemale> where are you???? u worry your mother!
happy birthday <propfemale> i have known u for about 40 years wow! we aren't getting older just better!!!
if anyone knows where <propfemale> is please let me know i am worried <propmale>
oh where oh where is my daughter now????
my grandaughter says that auntie and <propfemale> bought beers but don't call the cops <propfemale> they gave me apple juice lmao
spending time with my beautiful <propfemale> i love her so much!
waiting for <propfemale> can't wait  to see her miss that little girl after one day
got my baby girl again!!! she makes me so happy i am so lucky to have such a beautiful granddaughter!
shoutout to chey where the hell are you now????
if anyone knows where <propfemale> is could they please tell her to call me <propmale>
"just made homemade chicken noodle soup with carotts, celery,potatos   yummy except i don't eat meat"
can all my grown children please leave me alone i am poor and on disability i cannot shit it out!
i saw one of my son's friends today he stopped by to say hi  i have not seen him in several years  he was in iraq and was shot 6 times and left for dead  he also substained injuries from schrapnel including a piece of his friend's head embedded in his  omg please everyone say a prayer for our soldiers  they are literally giving their lives for our country
please everyone**** pay close attention to this one  this one sadly is not a hoax  attention all: if you get a request from me or any friend to checkout 'youtube' and it looks like facebook do not open it  it is a trojan worm and will infect and shutdown your computer and take all your personal info  it is traveling around facebook rapidly  your friends did not send it! this is real  please copy and paste
here we go again    shoutout to chey  can u at leat call me when u r gonna dissapear???
"so happy     got my baby girl <propfemale>, nothing can go wrong tonight!"
how the hell do i mind my own business and i still get put in the middle of things!!!!
will not answr anymore requests for anyone who does not answer mine other than that love u all!
is not answering requests for anyone who does not answer mine     so if u ignore mine i will ignore yours
"why is it in this country that everyone has religious freedom and if they feel like burning a bible that is their choice, but if you burn a koran it is national headlines?   to all the obama supporters maybe it is because our prez is a muslim        god help us"
is on a roll
and for all the people that don't believe it   why would our president spend veterans day at a mosque in turkey rather than going to arlington national cemetary like all our presidents have done over the years
"thinks that nobody read my status that read \will not answer anymore requests for people who do not answer mine other than that i love u all\"""""
if chey is on please get a hold of me
