9b2a4b9d8792ffe604eb6cc7a97dd5c2
my niece is spending the night!  we are going to plan her birthday party and then see the new <propmale> potter movie   yeah!!!
thought i should send an update    just passed 2 finals and am abotu to begin 2 new classes    things sure move fast in nursing!
3 more days of clinicals and 2 finals   the semester is almost over!
i am ready for school to start up again!
i have been uploading photos to albums   take a look!
studying for another exam tomorrow   clinging to my a   
<propfirst> and i are engaged!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yesterday was the best clinical day since i started nursing school!  thank you, <propfemale>!!!"
modern family on abc is the best show!!!  it makes me laugh for a full 30 minutes every time!!!!!
"the date is set!  saturday, september 4th, labor day weekend!"
"a friend of mine has an apartment that she needs to rent  it is a 1 bedroom 1 bathroom in greeley, co  $495 month plus electricity  let me know if you are interested    smile "
only 2 more weeks!!!!
"ugh!! i woke up at 2 am and could not get back to sleep   here it is 4 smile 8 am, and i am only now just getting tired again   however, my final is in 3 hours   oh, well   i'll sleep when i graduate "
"finals are done and i am very happy with my grades!!  i am completely free until may 24, which is when i start my summer nursing internship at the <propfemale> va hospital   life is good!!!!"
aahhh! i just downloaded an upgrade to my phone and in the process it lost half of my phone <propfirst>  please email or text your number to me   thanks!
"tkeeping my eyes on jesus, despite the frustration "
awesome day at the <propfemale> vamc!  the people are all so awesome!  i cannot wait to start the clinical portion of my internship!
my newest cousin just spit up on me   lol!!!!  he is so beautiful!
"this is the last week of my internship    sad   i have has such a wonderful time at the <propfemale> vamc!  however, i am really looking forward to getting back to school   only one year left!!!!!"
yeah!!!!  the wedding and reception were wonderful! we want to thank everyone who helped us out   it was perfect!!!
"assisted in the births of two babies yesterday  well, the first one i just watched   lol!  it was an awesome day!"
"i would like to encourage people to be open to  young pregnant women and mothers  they all need your kindness, understanding, and acceptance  not judgements "
i like it on the side table by the kitchen 
"not feeling well this morning  hopefully, it will go away soon, as i have an exam "
"well, i am feeling much mote sober now  throwing up in the toilet will do that   well, happy end of semester!"
"nursing school is done for the semester   so, my status is:  life is wonderful!!!!!"
"woke up at 1 smile 0 am   so, i started studying for the quiz i will be taking later this morning    sad "
aaaahhhhhh! give us the test already!
