081e41e2bbdf31d9f3037c6dbd7a8571
how do u give gifts in mafia wars? i did it before but now i can't figure it out
cant wait to go to idaho!!!! will be driving all the way  smile  17 solid hours
is getting her hair 2nite!!
im getting my hair cut 2nite!
is going to drive to idaho tomorrow! and im actually going to drive!!!
is enjoying idaho because im not doing anything at all     smile 
"is finally home from idaho!!! not that it wasnt awesomely fun, but its good to be home"
"say youre sorry that face of an angel comes out just when you need it to as i paced back and forth all this time cause i honestly believed in you holding on the days drag on stupid girl, i should have known i should have known cause im not a <propfemale> this"
oh my gosh! my hair is short!!! as of last night
just watched the 5-hour version of pride & prejudice!!! wow  awesome movie  smile 
my brother came home today from <propfemale>!!!! yay!!!!!!!
1st-concert choir (amend) 2nd- ap world history (neuser) 3rd- seminary (ewing??) 4th- chemistry 1 (freyermuth) 5th- spanish 3 (pedrego) 6th- honors algebra 2 (fisher) 7th- english 10 (winkler) b lunch!!
 smile  yes!! i ended the summer awesomely!! went on a 3-day camping trip which included kayaking down a river and in a lake and playing games until 11 smile 0  smile  it was so fun!!!
made it through 7 classes and managed to only get lost once!!  smile 
really is glad that its friday
is so awesomely excited that i dont have any homework!!!!
grrrrrrrrrr at all teachers who decide to teach 3 lessons in one day!!!
"cuz i know if i'm falling, you won't let me hit the ground if the boat is sinking, i know you won't let me drown"
really wants to sleep     but has so much homework!!! but tomorrow is homecoming  smile  exciting
uggg    today was so not cool  hopefully tomorow will be better     (doubtful)
guys are soooo flippin' confuzing!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from the little women play  it was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
it is such a monday  mondays don't even have to be e playful lained; they just are 
new shoes are the answer to everything  except for when ur broke 
is definently looking foreward to being at the balloon fiesta at 330 am   
"is actually glad that tomorrow is monday!!! weird, huh?"
wishing that school could start at noon     or just not have school tomorrow    
figured out how to make all of the words on facebook turn upside down!!!
had an awesome halloween   watch out for your yaboo's!!!
"feel sooo fat right now     how in the world do they e playful ect us to eat that much food? still, not complaining    it was worth the wait   smile  happy thanksgiving everyone else who is on facebook today! or whenever u read this lol"
less than three weeks until christmas vacation!!!!!!! can't wait!
"soooo glad that its the weekend     even if i only get to \sleep in\"" until 630  ugh"""
so glad to be liberated from the chains of finals and endless studying and torture    my brain feels like a sponge that was completely wrung dry 
loves christmas break     it's flippin' awesome!!! so sad it's over    
pink
"so glad that it's not monday     but at the same time, wishing it was next monday  hooray for random days that they give us school off for the weirdest reasons!!!!"
loves being able to sleep in for church at 1 surprise 0!!!
ice skating tomorrow @ 3 smile 0-5 smile 0 for all who want to come!
love random days of school that they give us off  it's grrrreat!
is now officially an aunt!!!!!! so excited  smile  little <propmale> <propfirst> blacker was born on friday and he is awesomely healthy!  smile  such a cute little baby boy
today is sooo not my day     grr at stupid teacher's
"oh my goodness     my energy level must be directly influenced by whether or not i'm standing up  cause whenever i sit down, i have no energy  but when i stand up, i do  i rock!!!! lol sooooo tired      "
feel like a total zombie    i pretty much passed out in 6th today  i have no idea what the teacher was talking about    it was just so many random words!!! gah
"truth is like the sun  we know it's there throughout all of our lives, but we never really face it  once we do, we are never the same again  we have the scar from where we saw deeply, and we will always remeber "
thank u everyone!!! i feel very loved   wink  btw just want to wish all mother's out there happy birthday! hope u all have a great weekend!!!
cannot wait until summer!!!!!!!!!!! being able to sleep in all the time & eat whenever u feel like it & never do homework     it's going to be glorious
anyone who has not yet needs to look at and join the 289 things to do in class  we need you to join
cannot wait for summer! the first week is already planned out    lol
doesn't seem like time changes much in our perfectness  just the different areas that we are better or worse in  hopefully there's a little bit more good than bad in those areas 
"cannot wait       2 days    actually 1 day and 19 hours             summer, come faster!!!!"
only 24 hours until school is finally over!!!!!!!!!!
finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! summer's here!!!!!!!!!!!
soooooo sunburned        just spent 7 hours outside w out sunscreen and 1 w sunscreen  not such a good idea  sad 
"omgosh, so sore right now  just want to sleep           "
officially love <propfemale> in wonderland!!!         spooooon    
youth conference was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!! absolutely loved it 
first-concert choir-amend  second-seminary-rogers  third-spanish 4-pino  fourth-calculus-nunley  fifth-physics-clauss  sixth-stage craft-hall  seventh-ap english-ladd 
so excited to wake up at 445 to get ready for the first day of school  hurrah! lolz
wants the rain to stop pouring    i feel like it's midnight instead of almost 8 
omgosh! go la cueva 56-20!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and randomly getting lost afterwards and <propfemale> having an amazing sense of direction   wink  go bears!!!
so i just spent 2 hours waiting in line for my family & there was this 12 year old in front of me that kept flirting w me and talking about gameboy because i was playing my gameboy so i wouldn't have to look at him when he started talking and i had no idea what he was talking about  longest 2 hours of my life!!!!!
"officially your spleen can be removed!!! just to let b lunch know    it's like your galbladder, but a little more important "
"it'sbrothers\week!   if you have a brother who has made you laugh   tortured \you   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   hugged you   watched you \succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up   cheered you on   made you \strong   can't do without    copy and paste this to your wall  laugh "
i am so glad that there is only one day left until thanksgiving break!!!! love it!
"i am so dead for finals     so if anyone finds me dead somewhere, please tell my parents why   "
have loved an entire four days of doing nothing and am now bored out of my mind  games w family only last for so long until it's too much  so glad tomorrows christmas <propfemale>  wink 
"i so love the fact that it started snowing outside! esp  since it was only supposed to rain, and snow tomorrow  yes!"
cannot be more excited to get up at 5 smile 0 am after sleeping in until 10 for 3 weeks
"new mexicans are such wimps!!! even if i am one, but not having school when it's not even snowing and the roads are just fine     so what if it's -4 degrees outside? grab another jacket "
there is a bobcat in my front yard!!! it's so awesome!
sooo excited that today is friday! cannot wait to not have to get up at 530  cannot 
i feel like spring is in the air    it's such a gorgeous day outside! and i'm in here typing on facebook    how sad
officially breaking free of farmville and frontierville and other -ville's!!! wish me luck ;p
