02a5b5595f16ce57f0d75362dc57499d
had a great time playing on jet skis at lake <propfirst> last weekend!
i got an offer on my house this morning! lots of details to work out but it looks promising   i'm so excited!
"charmin, i love the olllie pop song!  <propfirst>, id love to hear more about how and what you are doing "
went hiking in dupont state <propmale> today  took a trail we shouldn't have and i have wounds to prove it! (nothing serious) hiked all the way up to high falls  i'm tired! went to the flat rock playhouse saturday  great show!
on my way to <propfemale> for the weekend to take a test to prove that i am qualified to teach the classes i have been teaching for years   wonder what happens if i don't pass? oh well! house closing stuff is going well  that's all i care about at the moment
had to give my cockateil to a new home because he was causing my allergies to act up  bummer!
i don't know but that's a very good idea  i'll see if i can find out 
school starts tuesday and i'm already overwhelmed! house closes wed yeah! i've got to get the rest of my stuff out this week end then spend the rest of the weekend at school  homeowner's association stuff getting very intense (i'm secretary) dealing with a situation we inherited  never  dull moment 
my house closed today! yeah!! end of 2 years of paying 2 mortgages and endless upkeep  exhausted after the first week of school but celebrating tonight anyway 
i need good thoughts tomorrow   have to attend the funeral of a long time friend who une playful ectedly died last week end and face my ex-husband (32 years) at the same time 
it just dawned on me   don't you have a birthday around now too?  you're getting up there yourself!
i have to find time to clean out my garage so i can get my car back in---had to scrape my windshield 2 days in a row   it's full of the last stuff from the house 
happy birthday <propfirst>!
happy birthday <propmale>!  <propfemale> christmas to everyone!
woke up at 4 surprise 0 friday morning with water pouring from my dining room ceiling   the toilet in the condo above me was overflowing and had been for hours   <propmale> damage on both floors of my condo   all carpet had to be pulled up and huge blowers and demudifiers  put up to dry it out   it was 98 degrees in the condo yesterday  i'm staying with <propmale> for the week end   never a dull moment!
"work still has not started on my condo   i'm back in the red house inn, my new home for a few weeks, after a weekend with <propfemale> and <propfirst> "
"back in the red house inn, my new home away from home,  after a weekend with <propfemale> and <propfirst>   work still hasn't started on my condo   insurance red tape is so much fun "
does anyone know a reasonable place to get prefinished hardwood flooring?  i've heard about a surplus place in hendersonville   anybody know where it is?
"<propfemale>, <propmale> and i had a great weekend at snowshoe, wv   skied till every muscle in our body was sore and we could barely stand and wonderful dinners in the evening   fun!"
butler????  no way   go duke!!  (since <propfemale> isn't in it)
"back in my condo after almost 3 months   freshly painted, new carpet, hardwoods upstairs   nice   now all i have to do is unpack all these boxes and figure out where in the world i had all this stuff!"
my fabulous daughter brought her decorator friend with her from <propfemale> yesterday and the two of them completely rearranged and redecorated my condo in about 4 hours  although she took my church bench in the process but it was worth it! awesome!
does anybody have an idea where i could find buckwheat or millet pillows?  i used to have one and would love another but no one seems to <propfemale> them any more 
does anyone know where i can find buckwheat or millet pillows? i used to have one and would love to have another but nobody seems to <propfemale> them anymore 
i'm off for a week in the dominican republic with a friend  flying out of <propfemale> this afternoon   hope i packed everything!
"on my way to school to get a head start on the first official day of school for teachers tommorow  bummer, after a way too short fun summer!"
crazy beginning of the year   i'm so exhausted  only two more to go! i would much rather be playing tennis or golf!
finally driving my own car again after 2 weeks of a rental because <propmale> backed into it in my driveway 2 weeks ago   yeah!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> virus spreading like wildfire on facebook! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your    list   adds her   then you get the virus too!    please copy and                paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes com"
thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes!  i can not be this old!
"<propfemale> is able to see everyone's phone number  go to account, edit friends, \click on phonebook on the left to see for yourself  to turn yours off \go to account, privacy settings, click on customize settings  scroll down until you find mobile \number and edit the settings  i did custom settings then selected me"
thanks to <propmale> and <propfemale> for an awesome birthday bunch this morning!
"this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days   based on chinese feng shui    copy within 11 min   good luck!"
"spent most of the weekend trying on boots to no avail   <propfemale> brand, frugal backpacker, discount shoes--i think i tried on every pair of boots they had  that's a lot of boots by the way   did any of them fit?  nooooo   i guess i'm not meant to wear boots!"
christmas decorating this weekend   christmas parade and twilight tour will help get me in the mood!
had a fun but cold ski trip to cataloochee yesterday   went to wolf ridge first but couldn't get up their hill   roads were bad up there 
i can't believe it's snowing again! it hadn't started when i went to i play tennis and the ground was covered when i came out an hour and a half later   great big pretty flakes  we may not get a spring break this year 
"i'm not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese fengshui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i can't let that person be me!!"
had a fun ski trip to sugar mountain friday and dinner at a great tapas restaurant after   nice warm up for utah in march! i guess i'll have to get up and go to school tomorrow  sigh 
"fun tennis mixer at the racquet club today   lots of fun tennis, good food and good people!"
"woke up at 3 surprise 0 this morning and couldn't go back to sleep thinking about all the beginning of semester stuff i needed to do at school so i finally gave up, got up and was at school by 6 smile 0   unreal! i am not a morning person! got a few things done, though   maybe i can sleep tonight "
