0f5a06259602b8ac842bd6f54425d819
"celebrating the new year without my husband because he went out to drink with friends, fucking prick "
bored out of her mind and not wanting to go to bed 
"ah, f**k your couch school!"
i never wanted to see her face again   
"ugh, so sleepy, put in my two weeks but still working like a dog "
"just spent 2+ hours photoshopping penises on my sexy man's ex wife  heh heh, fucking whore "
"is the kind of person that walks into a closed sliding glass door, gets up really quickly, and then tries to leave only to run into the second set of sliding glass doors  (thanks petsmart!)"
quit her job officially yesterday and is thrilled!
feels cocky cause she tricked a cop  -insert evil laughter-
"even though i quit a shitty job, i still don't have a new one and feel even shittier "
has a new job and boyfriend ain't pleased 
its hot as hell 
don't know how i got through the school day but its way worse now 
exhausted and queasy 
"no cake for my birthday, but i made some bomb ass <propmale> and cheese and koolaid  i know ya'll are jealous   laugh "
got fired from her job for trying to go to senior awards ceramony  fuck my life 
whoohoo! tornado touched down a block from my place! party!
"things are just \meh \"""""
sometimes i just want to randomly break out in song or dance while in public and see if anyone will play along 
just got my marriage licsence and will be legally married this coming monday to the love of my life 
"no, i have never thought about taping my thumbs to my hands to see what its like to be a dinosaur but since you say it's retarded and only an idiot would try it, i'm going to do it  rawr motherfucker!!!!"
my damn driver's side mirror is broken  curse you hail!!!!
"i really wish i didn't have to go to graduation but oh well, i just hope he keeps his end of the deal "
"kinda sad she might have to return her new dog to the shelter, but then again she did $50+ dollars in damage and shit on my floor after being left alone for a couple hours so i'm not too sad "
ding! dinner's done!!!
good god i've been bitchy and shitty today 
i've come to realize that i'm quite the vengeful and spiteful person 
i feel sick   playful 
bleh
"if you can't dazzle 'em with intelligence, baffle 'em with bullshit "
"god, fucking damn "
don't know who to believe anymore 
i'm not afraid to die  i just don't want to be there when it happens 
stop being stupid    it's my turn 
guess what peoples? i just found out my baby's sex and it's a little boy!
can someone please e playful lain to my baby's daddy they don't make motorcycle helmets in newborn size?
"so apparently throwing my own shower is tacky (even if you don't e playful ect gifts), anyone have any ideas for a \baby welcoming party\""?"""
"oh it's just one of those \i'm gonna smack you if you even look at me\"" days  happy smacking day guys!"""
"really? i mean, just   really?!"
i finally got a crib for the little one; feels like the due date is slowly sneaking up closer and closer now 
pissed off that my computer's hard drive is full after loaning my computer to my brother  any ideas on how to clean it up? i've already removed a ton of unnecessary files 
"i trip balls because i work in a toy store, thank you very much "
finally reached the 7 month <propfirst> but people still can't tell  damn 
"i just realized that i live near a nursing home, maybe i should dress up as the reaper and knock on their windows "
it's been about a week since the baby was born and i'm exhausted  nap please 
i want an overnight nanny or something  sleep deprivation doesn't look good on me 
"i've created a nightmare of a child, is two weeks the new record now?"
my brain hurts   
i've developed a new appreciation for the sleep deprived  i can't wait for derrek to sleep through the night 
i got manhandled by a rosebush  -_-'
my day was uneventful  i'm deeply disappointed 
i'm so tired i put my car keys in the fridge  o o
bro came home for christmas! gonna enjoy as much as i can!
the world could end at any moment so best start looting and rioting now 
son now fits 3-6 month outfits and he's not even 2 months old  he's growing up too fast!  sad 
"baby wouldn't stop crying all night last night, felt like a waking nightmare wish me luck for tonight "
tired   again 
gonna be a rough night 
the tooth <propfemale> teaches kids to sell body parts for money  and we wonder why kids today are f'ed up?
is running on caffeine and adrenaline due to not sleeping since 2 days ago 
h8's wh3n pp! wr!t3 l!k3 th!$
disappointed :i
"my son has figured out how to play peekaboo, will post evidence sometimes today or tomorrow "
babycenter com drama feeds my llama   laugh 
i plan to get a new car  my tranny in my old car is bad and it will cost more than the car is worth to replace it  wish me luck on the hunt 
"my car just broke down permanently, i blame my husband "
"i know it's childish but when i was shopping for inserts for my shoes the other day, i couldn't stop giggling when my mom said they will \cradle the balls *of my feet*\"" """
i can't believe i slept til 5   annoyed 
on the way to work @ mart
i love pizza land spaghetti! the cook is freaking awesome!
breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on and crashed into we all have problems before coming to a complete stop at get the hell over it  reporting live from quitchur bitchin' 
"fml, i hate \right\"" warriors """
really not liking my job right now 
"i wanna go swimming, it's so nice today!"
thank you to all the people wishing me a happy b-day! i feel loved!  laugh 
ha! i just saw a status about a woman that had her sister put her bf's sperm in her so she could get pregnant but she never had sex so she's claiming to be the virgin <propfirst> 
