74b47ecb1039d1a25fb68fa31a9ab596
"new to this site, hope its great !"
mery xmas 2 evry one  happy holidays for the rest
"happy new years!!!!!  wow it came by to fast, hu?"
bonne ano!
bonne annee 2011!
"so i had tasty menudo, spent time with kids, visited mom, saw brother today    found a long lost friend    my highlights of the new year commencement   family n friends,  thank goodness!  smile "
"before you were concieved,  i wanted you  ? before you were born, i loved you  ? before you were an  hour old, i would die for you  ? this is the miracle of life ? put this  as your status if you have children you love more than life itself! ?"
"no i swear i'm not drunk (just buzzed)  laugh   according to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr  waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht  the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the  huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wl   ohe   if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
"i am a parent, cook, housekeeper, teacher,  nurse, handy man, maid, security, coordinator, supervisor, manager,  secretary, nutritionist, caretaker, personal assistant, life coach,  bookkeeper, laundry maid, motivational speaker, taxi cab, and friend  i  don't get holiday pay, sick pay, or days off  i am on call 24 hours a     day, 7 days a week  now tell me that your job is harder than mine   repost if you're a mom"
"people need to understand that children with  special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not  contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of  you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on  your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and     this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help &  understanding"
mmmmm! thank goodness for grandmothers! i learn to cook something new frequently! now if only i could master the salsas!
"make amends as if it this was your last year to live! we take many ppl for granted! learn from everyone you meet, and befriend  love and give joy to everyone around u  make everyone know what they mean to you, and often  u never know what difference your acknowledgement made!"
"might not be pretty or sexy, might not have the  perfect body or be beautiful    might not be anyones first choice  either, but i'm me! i don't pretend to be somebody else  i am honest!  might not be proud of some of the things i've done, but i'm proud of who  i am today  copy and post it to your profile if you live your life  being you and you are proud of it!!"
looking 4 a small desk blk or brown wood 
i like it on a chair!
"everone of you especially if u have children should check out this iste, wikisposure com where they tell u who to look out for, the disturbing things they feel about pedophiles, incest, child molestation! many are here in ca!"
"u are invited! thinking of hitting villa sorriso on 21st bday , giv u details later!!"
cant wait till my 21st bday!
bitchy!
"astrology - today's gemini horoscopehere is your today's gemini horoscopeyou're in the middle of what can only be\ called a gaggle -- it might be family, it might be coworkers, but it's \practically impossible for you to concentrate! try to get along, but \close the door to get things done compatibility playful iscesmood:focuslucky color surprise rangelucky number:95lucky time of day:7am"
so whos still down 4 tomorrow night?
"so who is okay for friday ? pechanga, dinner , dancing, drinking laughing?"
aced my last final for the summer ! yey to me ! phew i get to relax for a couple of weeks off of school !
" sad  1 day after my bday celeb was my aunts baby showr n i dint go, nott because i was hungover, my babys had been sick and still didnt hydrate,my <propfirst> left me on the way 2 celeb the nite b4 so w o the <propfirst> therd b no a c n i wasnt bout 2 put my babys 4 an hr in a small car i  love  her!sry that no1 belvs me!i didnt hav much $ and what i did i was going to use for gas 4 th rest of the wk!how 2 make her undrstand?"
so for all who do not know the epool party is not happening it got cancelled for tomorrow!
going out for some lattes! mmm in a shake!
you cant stop the waves but you can learn to surd! =>
dios aprieta pero no aorca!
"i got online to send a resume to a behavioral health clinic and look \where i end up!   the internet is distracting  okay facebook is =>"
i pierced my baby girl joellis ears!
"*being big or small isn't the crucial issue \if you don't move, you don't move*"
my baby is learning to stand on her own  yesterday was her first time indoors and today was the first outside!lyla is talking and learning more each day! i couldnt be more proud of my children!
change is the only constant in life
i deleted my myspace   yey  i finally got around to it 
"due to an infrtunate tragedy in my husbands <propfirst>'s family, my daughters 1st bday will be rescheduled to the following saturday on the 4th of septemeber"
"i've carried 2 children within my body, \comforted my babies on my chest  i have kissed boo-boo's, been puked \& peed on, and had many sleepless nights  my body isn't top model status, but when i look in the \mirror, i see a mom  there is no greater honor    or  blessing "
"i've\ carried 2 children within my body, comforted my babies on my chest \ i have kissed boo-boo's, been puked & peed on, and had many \sleepless nights  my body isn't top model status, but when i look in the\ mirror, i see a mom  there is no greater honor    or  blessing \make this your status if you are proud to be a mom! \yes, a mom!!!"
"been enjoying time out of hemet visiting family, meeting new! excited for this weekend!"
herbalife or no herbalife?
at knotts hvin fun <propfemale> where r u
fuck my life
sorry evryone but i didnt write that status   i left my account logged in and i guess u all know from there
"going to bed, not sleepy but will make do with a good book"
"looking for a job like crazy at least part time, if any one knows about anything please let me know! im desperate, so im not being picky at the moment! need it if im going to go 2 school next semester  annoyed "
"ok so im going to sleep, maybe dream of being at <propmale>'s concert sharing a 24 pk with u kno whooo! nite nite n helllooo <propmale>!"
new day
"im freezing! \why wont the weather make up its mind? stressed but good stress, cant \wait to go out n shake it off! but nows time to make my grades better so\ g2 put that on hold  annoyed "
"?\how do u delete photos"
\it's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you \74b47ecb1039d1a25fb68fa31a9ab596,g2g to school!
"so if you could go back and say something to the 15 year old u once were, what would you say?"
"looking for a job! at least 20 hours, open to anything decent!"
"your cell phone is now on facebook! go to the top \right of your screen, click account then edit friends  go to the left \side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone <propfirst> are \now being published  please repost to let your friends know this is \happening so they can remove their <propfirst> by changing their privacy    \settings  (privacy settings-customize-phone-only me) "
"who to trust?when the 1 you were told was safe to run to and trust, when \they were the 1 s'posed to protect you is the one attacking now? i may be \broken, but im still here! i will get through this and anything for them\ and me  i am better than this, we are bigger than it god help \me,guide me,and bless me    "
job hunting!
just finished another application online! let's see who hires me!!!!
"i know hemet can b real lame but seriously, on halloween ? c'mon! next year its def a dif city! other than that we had good tacos!  laugh "
"is going to bed, praying that she gets a call from someone somewhere for  an interview or something! or else shes gonna go craaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!"
"so tomorrow should be fun! get to see the fam, and then go out for a wild night of surprises! woohoo cant wait!!!"
"had an amazing weekend, saw fam n went out to \wee-ho\"" loved it!"""
"okay, so my fortune cookie from panda says \be careful with whom u confide in\"" ugh as if i wadnt stressed ou tenough already"""
"i like my horoscope of the day \here is your today's gemini \horoscopeyou have everything \to gain and nothing to hide  less charitable people would call you an \exhibitionist  your fans will have to catch you when they can -- your \season is already looking busy \compatibility sad apricorn\mood:rushedlucky\ color:navy bluelucky \number:27lucky\ time of day:6am"
"so right when i am about to finish a casino application online (for the 2nd time) i press the bacspace button to delete something i mispelled and then out of nowhere, i am on the previous <propfemale>! the whole app <propfemale> is cleared and i have to restart for the 3rd time!! mabe it's a sign that im no good at casino n prob have no <propmale> at the soboba!, nonetheless this is exaggeratingly ridiculous!!!!"
so i got my m  <propmale> re-pierced    i feel young again!    smile 
"is cleaning the house away, while babies r sleeping on this lovely saturday night  had a nice day, ugh   not looking forward to an entire day filled with homework projects!!! nonetheless, thank whatever higher power there is for another day alive!!\ smile "
watching my baby jelly bellys dance to <propfemale>'s map song! shes so cute!
"is shutting down for now      goodnight!\, smile "
"so i don't believe trust and i get the heat,\i then for once in a long time trust and believe again and i am then double screwed    wth?"
"don't trust    then ur stuck up?\trust again, and get double screwed     ?\so whats better?"
"looking through next semester's class schedule and if i thought i was really busy this fall, spring is a tidal wave   \i hope i don't drown under!!!!!"
"omgoshness!!!\so i drop my phone for the umpteenth time, i pick it up, put it back together   as usual,\and then it does not turn back on!!!\im going crazy!!!"
"@starbuck's, working on a project   checking in \because i no longer have internet!!!!"
happy turkey day everyone!
"so my laptop is gone, i have no internet, and my phone broke! thats why i have not been on fb*       im using a messd up phone and the number is the same   i dont have your <propfirst> anymore!     annoyed "
i just got a new phone! yey! its the lg optimus from sprint! woo-hooo!
"and i got a job!\wow, december could not get any better!"
would like suggestions for ringtone songs based on whats hot right now 
"hey does any1 know the name of the song that goes something like this: ima let go for the night, thatll be the best remedy for me   yea yea\ lol i like ir but i don't know the name of it"""
mmmm   just cozy on the house enjoying my phone   smile    watching <propfemale> and the frog with my baby girls
"uugh!!!!im at the point on which i want quit my diet   its so strict n scheduled, i kno its for the best though so i am trying super hard not to give up   "
home
for the next hour b4 my scheduled meal i'm going to clean so that i can keep busy  i think i do good strong the day but at night i feel like an addict withdrawing!!! it really sux!!!!!!!
stinks when u r hired but gave no schedule   still job searching  annoyed 
new year resolutions any1?
wow! just finished working out   simple aerobic that earlier this year was a breeze is now so much harder   only survived twenty minutes  taking a break!
i'll ) in the workout video as soon as my daughter is done watching spongebob
so why would any one need skype?    dont u have phones?
"it burns! despite my exhalation i am not only glad that the workout is over, but more so that  i did it   body strengthening times 3 a week, here i come!"
"soooo    im trying to take the xmas things down but lylahs like\ noooo\"" i never noticd how into it she was   lol she doesnt want xmas to b over!"""
"today not a great day   but tomorrow will be   interview in lake elsinore   evrybody hope n wish n cross ur fingers for me, great schedule and i can still go to school!"
cant sleeeeeeep! have to wake up in 4 5 and i dont think i am catching any zzzzzzzz^s
interview was nerve wracking! but it went so well! thank u all for the prayers!
"great day! just waiting for kids nap so i can excercise, just bought a dancing with the stars workout dvd looking forward to it!  smile "
lol   dork    so how r u <propfemale>?
just trying to sleep!
describe me in one word  the word has to begin with the 3rd letter of ur 1st name
"i am soooo bored, the lazy kind  im too cozy, ive cleaned a lot, took kids out to eat and play  i spent time with my lovely sisters   and i still feel restless! ideas?plz share!"
watching my best friends girl     love it   pump that     lol
one usually meets with his <propfemale> on his way to avoiding it    now thats something to think about   
rearranging the apartment!
<propfemale> is something i definitely need to work on it is absolutely not ne of my virtues! =!
delilahs bday party has been cancelled till further notice¡    nancy talk to me about dates!
"so, i got hired! yey!"
good night fb! have to b up bright and early tomorrow   need to get ahead of traffic!
buenos dias fb! i am soooo ready to take on my first day on the job  hope everyone has a great day!
"so, tomorrow night i start school    excited and nervous at the same time!     hope i didnt dive into overload!     lol    id love it any way! have a great day everyone!  smile "
"why do crazy comments appear on your headline that u dont type? thats one <propmale> reason i quit on myspace, would hate to hav to do it now!"
morning fb     have a great day! workin ot   training n getring paid    thank goodness its just the beginning of the great year!
"ok even though i have yet tho weigh myself, im proud tho say l went from a 22 24 to an 18 in pants  jeans and from a 3 x to a 1 and 2x! almost sone with 1st phase of diet about 3 wks to go then the second phase begins!"
"its tuesday nite, tomorro will b hump day and then it goes downhill from there    friday hits and up we go, come down on sunday and monays starts a whole new cycle"
need to implement some type of genius organization technique to make it all happen! it's getting chaotic!     gotta love it!
"excited! getting my hair cut and dyed! not cutting ir a line, too short and dramatic  long hair i think, suits me well*"
"bored! yes, right now i actually have the time in my hands to be soooooooo boooooored!"
"so much  to do today!   not enough energy! off to exercise  have a great day fb! \ smile "
"sigh*    just smile everyone       \ long journey tho begin, but im taking this bull by the horns! !      have a good day fb!"
"i reaaaaaaallyyyyyyy want a truck! the more i think about it, the more i visualize myself in a beutiful metallic blue or green titan!     god i know i will get there its just im running fast already, just let me catch up just a bit! i know i can make it!"
sooooo     i danced all my way to work! luv it!     smile 
"lazy day, had my fun yesterday!"
feeling lazyyyyyy     need to get my butt out of bed!   torture!
"life is a bitch n death is her sista, sleep is the cousin     "
"im sick and not liking it, time to get something, hope ur day is better fb peeps "
"still sick, in every way annoyed     i need to climb this mountain already because the more i sit there to loik and analyze it, the higher, bigger n steeper it seems"
"so, friday is here     what are your plans fb?"
so it is a quarter to 6 and both my babies are junping on my bed like theyre on a trampoline!
"    really feeling lazy    there's a list of things to do    cant seem to get started! for being sick, the weekend started out great this friday \= )"
"so     nobody said it be easy, nobody said it be this hard     cp    sets the mood for the day!"
thinking of dying my hair blk      going bowling with my baby bro and my silly sisters n tots   spend some family time  smile 
having a great time gambling wit the fam in los <propfemale>
great day            ?
"feel a little more accomplished today it has been a super long day, i am totally beat ready to call it a night but very blessed with having my job    even thoug"
in los <propfemale>      doin my taxes
when you get to the end of your rope tie a knot and <propfemale> on!
"so, mommies: whats up with midnight tantrums from ur tots? cant deal with this anymore!"
beauuuuuutiful morning!     smile 
"my poor bby, she feels icky pukey,       the flu sux! i dont even take my kids out anymore and this is the longest they hav been sick! i lov my immunity though"
can't sleep! jelly belly woke up vomiting !  annoyed 
"hello weekend     you couldnt have came around any slower, yet i dont think i'm going to be able to join you fully for chores beat u to it first  plus sleep and rest are knocking down my door  maybe on your next visit i can share the pleasure!   till next time       smile "
ugh got an ickey feeling i cnt shake off!
only who gets their way is god
ready to call this one a night  im beat    talk about getting bit on the butt!
i cnt update my stat!
"life just sux when it zooms to fast thru the good times and drags slowly through the hard times\ annoyed "
"dear day plz be over,  cant take any more bad news, pass it on to week and while ur at ut, to mr month as well  thank u"
lookin for a 2 3 br to rent     dont hav great credit though need to move 3 weeks tops
dyed my hair blk   weaved it with red! thnx <propfemale> ; )
good nnight fb!  wink 
mmm chilled moscato from oliv garden    beeeauuuuutiful afternoon    now to look at cars  smile 
soooooo    im excited! came home in an 06 chevy malibu    now to fix my credit n move into my apt
"selling,mint shape 4 in 1 <propfemale> wood crib with tryndle, attached dresser n changing table     and playpen withthe toys, diaper holder, changing station and higher settin wot case gently used"
good night fb
"good morning fb! too awske, excited but terrified at the same time about meeting witn my trainer in the nxt couple of hrs  smile "
incredible johns in moval was great    i was just waaay too fn irritated  annoyed      wish the night coulda ended better   cant sleep dammit! > annoyed 
"if yesterday i was irritated, today im fkn heated  punk biotches and 50 cemt fkn hoes better stay clear outta my way "
"want it to b next month already, ill get to c my gma for her bday, my dad, ill b in a different apartment making new,memories to wipe out stupid march!"
not one to want need to cuddle in this kind of weather     sad  but i do today     
"fuk being bi, i should juz go <propmale> all the way     "
bout to take off to the gym!     burn some fuel that way  smile 
sooooo wtf does it mean when someone pokes u on fb?p
"o m g gtrrrrr i hate traffic!,bimpr to bumpr!"
im one bluberry pineapple flavored raspberry?     wink 
"get it get it,      break it      jeard u got that sticky    lol put it dwn on me"
cant wait for tomorrow!       smile 
im sooooooo fd up
im so dwn to get so messd up n enjoy life     w o the life part     lok
"um    im so very bored, like  a <propfemale> whose yarnball has been taken away  annoyed "
gettin inkd
i keep changing my profile pic and its not working!
bk to work    wink 
moving!     getting my pak on! wink       cnt wait for this wknd!
why is the world awake? lov u all but damn not today
"i like being missed  wink \but u wouldnt hav to miss me if u had me  wink "
"so  for anyone that hit me up last nigh: i was sooooo f*d up      idk if what i said was good or bad happy or sad\but frankly \when im that tore up,\i dnt giv a"
night  fb¡
good mooorning fb!   already hav a splittim head
"lokes\ by capone   really? = s"""
ppl suck! = p
when will a$$hols realize the world does not revolve around them?
"hate the fact that while im on my own, they fight n talk bs n they dnt kno they dnt care that im wriggling in pain   im honest im faithful, those who cheat n lie, procrastinate n instigate r there just to hate"
"why is the world so cruel and cold? i kno this is the time to stand up tall, to b strong and b bold \its as if i forgotten who i can be, but i need that given back, i want to be me  \(mmm)"
"whatever u give a woman, she will make it greater    give her sperm, she will give u a baby  give her a house, she will give u a home  give her groceries, she will give u a meal  give her a smile, and she will give u her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit!!!!!!!!\(lov this   thnx <propfemale>)"
