ace4198384120143012d0f7e4792ec9c
"friends of mine, they said they were friends of mine, said they were passing time, more like a waste of time playful "
whatcha doin friends of mine? holding back now friends of mine? i've always heard you calling playful 
"i've noticed that when people text me, i text right back, but then, sometimes they take forever  haha it annoys me i dunno why but it does"
heh heh heh^-^ my profile views is up to 2012 > laugh 
i think 14 comments is the most comments ive ever got on one picture playful 
this is gonna bug me all day annoyed 
"how did i become so obnoxious? what is it with you that makes me act like this? i've never been this nasty    can't you tell that this is all just a contest? the one that wins is the one who hits the hardest  but baby i dont mean it, i mean it, i promise "
gets to go into town  haha i gotta go to kents playful  i think thats where were going  haha
i reeeaaalllyyy want that bc13 shirt  haha i needa go to ogden  playful 
"so earlier i was beating up these zombies right? well it was pretty funny and next time i do it, i think ima make a video of me doing it coz its just   awesome laugh "
is gonna be heading to ogden soon  i'm gonna be getting myy shirt laugh 
todays date is the same forwards &&& backwards: 01 02 2010
"i need new music; does anyone have any suggestions? uhm uhm comment me with something you think id like, that i havent already listened to haha"
i guess we can blame it on the rain 
i'm not excited to go back to school tomorrow annoyed 
finally decided to  get on this 
is interested in men  lol laugh 
added some pictures but not nearly as many as i have on myspace  playful 
is on myspace  lol
is listening to nickasaur!  laugh   ? <propfemale> so fly no lie & you know this; ballin  laugh 
is gonna go to bed; nighty night smile  ?
"is home finally laugh  had to retake my geometry test, lets hope i did good smile ?"
ich bin nicht ich wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein??
is much more popular on myspace n_n?
"is listening to nickasaur! n_n yerr <propfemale> fly, no lie; & you know this; ballin?"
id like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly;
i guess ill never know; why sparrows love the snow?
"is really hungry  its not even funny  at all so dont laugh i know you are, and ill ill well i dont know what ill do yet annoyed  make sense? ?"
"is listening to nickasaur! n_n yurr <propfemale> fly, no lie, & you know this; ballin?"
yes; i really change this status thing this much on myspace too 
loves it when famous people comment on my myspace pictures smile   love 
so automatisch smile ?
knives and pens by black veil brides  <<--- good song smile 
is gonna go to bed  night everyone?
is home smile 
has a new picture up smile 
"the silence isnt so bad, til i look at my hands and feel sad;?"
is still on myspace
had a nice little nap smile  lol
thinks that my friends on myspace should add me on this too n_n ?
is watching so you think you can dance laugh 
is really kinda bored surprise 
ate tooo much annoyed 
has aloottt more pictures on myspace  lol 224 to be exact laugh 
got 100% on my <propmale> test smile 
 crying 
"<propfemale>, my house almost could of burned down last night; tis why i dint go to school; lol only my yard burned though annoyed "
is gonna go make some cookies in a few minutes playful 
is happy my house didnt burn down last night smile  oh yeh  thats kinda why i wasnt at school today   annoyed 
made cookies smile 
well now;;?
keeps falling asleep; haha
well now;  smile  ?
"well, ?"
 laugh  i have quizzer on myspace too smile  ?
is trying to get alot more friends on here as well as myspace smile  ?
twinkle twinkle little <propfemale>?
is back from walmart smile 
wants to talk to someone new smile ?
doesnt like geometry annoyed 
is getting myspace famous laugh 
you should add [me] on myspace?
just finished my homework smile  for once! i never do it haha
muahaha 300 smile  <propmale> make it more now! laugh 
 smile ilyy
wants <propfemale> <propfemale>lk to somebodaaayyyy laugh  so <propfemale>lk to me smile 
"is listening to nickasaur! your so fly, no lie; & you know this; ballin?"
<propfemale> needs to ask about that hair place;; coz i really needa get mine redidid playful 
has 360 friends on myspace  and working on getting more playful 
needs to redo my hairrr   annie? lol get that inffo ferrr me yet? laugh 
needs 4 friends to hit 400 smile  ? on myspace of course laugh 
"has exactly 400 friends now smile  <propmale> get more laugh  alrightt so add me on myspace, leave me stuff on here to come back to, whatever smile "
well; my shoulder hurts super bad annoyed 
added a newww picture of me smile  just took it too! laugh  take a lookee?
added another picture; im really bored so im takin some playful 
bahaha; they have better flair on myspace ?
automatisch ?
oh darling i wish you were here; ?
my arm hurts annoyed 
is talking to himmmm???[ilyhun] smile 
is listening to push play playful  this is a good song take a listen      http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xkxr3yea8wq
i'd like to make myself believe that the earth turns slowly   
the futures just begun on the dark side of the sun laugh 
is automatisch smile ?
25  thats all i need  im gonna make it playful 
is getting bored on here haha
"to 10,000,000 fireflies; im weird coz i hate goodbyes; i got <propfemale> eyes as they said farewell"
"darling; what is going on? honestly, that never happened "
has a bunch of testsd:
"the futures just begun, on the dark side of the sun;"
 smile 
lololol pc4pc on myspace! smile 
is wearing pink hello <propfemale> sunglasses smile  ?
can do marvelous things with glitter 
maybe im the runner up; but the 1st one to lose the race  almost only really counts in horeshoes and handgrenades smile 
is putting new pictures up playful 
600 smile 
is talking to people smile 
is eating ramen noodles smile 
[rawrr ] ?
octocat  bahaha
2 words: sticky eyeballs  2 more words: blue jeep smile 
i feel horrible annoyed 
so some jerk[thats the nicest word i can say trust me i can say worse] decided to block and remove me from myspace and i have no idea why coz they dont even know me or talked to me so whatever 
"so far away, i wish you were here,"
pffftt  the nerve of some people lol  oh well smile  i still like myspace
"is getting off here  if i have you on myspace or even  if you can do it on this, pc4pc on my default, il lreply tomorrow smile "
just ate ramen noodles  lol
added new pictures smile  one is edited and i like it laugh 
doesnt really like facebook  just being honest  hahaa
"ill find repose in new ways, though i havent slept in 2 days coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone;   "
"everybody, put up your hands say i dont wanna be in love i dont wanna be in love"
haha yeah;
just about 3 hours til oct  14?
has hair dye  oh the wonderful times ill have  smile 
the pink hair dye is stupid and it wont work annoyed  looks like ill have to get it professionally done again playful 
 smile today is special ? very very special indeed smile 
today is special?ooohilyhun smile 
is home noww smile 
my war paint is sharpie ink laugh 
" smile  ich bin nicht ich, wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein"
is on myspace! laugh 
"hahah, well now   "
so  im kinda thinking that someone should talk to me  whether its here or myspace or even some other thing haha ooooor text me!
where the wild things are?
"is it just me, or is there really not much to do on here?"
my ear hurts annoyed 
\\m  annoyed \\m  rock on  smile 
thinks that people with a myspace should add meee[: www myspace com emokatz990
 annoyed  alright then 
textt me  make me smile 
"ill watch the night turn light blue but its not the same without you, coz it takes 2 to whisper quietly"
does not like it when people only comment you to say ---> w4w?
"darlingg, what is going on? honestly, that never happened  smile "
 annoyed  i need 1 more person playful 
yayy smile  900 
go look at my myspace <propfemale> and click the link to zombie adds smile  i could use the points laugh 
has a horrible headache haha
apparently i cant add myself on myspace  darn i thought i could smile 
is in the best mood right now its amazing! this girl taught me how to w4w so now i wont be so frustrated smile 
hhah did a rainbow monkey give you a purple cupcake?? i didnt think so  
is listening to brokencyde now  lol 
is really kinda bored annoyed 
is finally here for a bit playful 
myspace is being stupid  i have to go do something with friend subscriptions and such  ugh lol
yes! i got it fixed smile 
this computer reacts weird to facebook  but myspace is just finee
has to go to school  ugh i hate it there  lol 
rain rain rain  coldnessss
real eyes realize real lies   smile 
hatteeessss school  its just not even funny lol 
is realllyy hungry  lol
"your so fly, no lie, & you knoww this; ballin?"
just woke up from a nap lol
is in kind of a bad mood  lol cheer me up
has to draw up a poster for my school playful 
"has to draw up a poster for advisory and i have no idea what to do with it, i need ideas annoyed "
owl city?
haha smile   i hate people smile  well some people at least
"they said all teenagers scare the livin shit outta me, they could care less as long as someone will bleed so darken your clothes or strike a violent pose maybe theyll leave you alone but not me playful "
people who dont use grammar right bug med:<
          
is at homee smile 
oh darling i wish you were here
 annoyed 
"praise <propfemale> the freedom to obey its a song that strangles me, well dont cross the line smile "
does not feel like putting up with stupid people today annoyed 
is talking to a friend in australia smile 
wants to see where the wild things are smile  thats what me an my friend are talking about playful 
swimming in miami?
"ill find repose in new ways, though i havent slept in 2 days coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone  but drenched in vanilla twilight ill sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought becoz when i think of you i dont feel so alone?"
tomorrow is pajama day at school right?
oh darling i wish you were here?
is it bad of me to say i really hate some people?
"you know i'd walk a thousand <propmale>, if i could just see you, tonight ?"
whats tomorrow? isnt it the pajama thinger? playful 
we are the class of the class of 13!
"is redoing my penguin flopsy's room smile  on myspace though, since i have like 12,000+ money on there playful "
has decided i dont like facebook 
has bright florescent neon glow sticks smile  its amazing!
guys!! take my quiz x x its awesome!
take my quiz while im at teh party guysss itll make me happy smile 
take my quiz ive got nothing else to do but see how well people think they know me haha i think ill make another longer one though smile 
"i'll find repose in new ways, though i havent slept in 2 days, coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone  but drenched in vanilla twilight ill sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought becoz when i think of you, i dont feel so alone    ?"
hmmm  the school says that ive missed 35 days  you can ask anyone and know ive been there for almost everyday  except 5 days
is back home  im not in the best mood so cheer me up  lol
ich bin nicht ich wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein?
is texting like 4 or 5 people haha
has a headache annoyed 
vvv clicky clicky
haha have you ever seen my belt how i wear it weird sometimes? i got it from <propmale> in this video smile  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tbxkw6xsluo
anybody got a yahoo or live messenger? smile 
"et il m'aime encore, et moi je t'aime <propfemale> peu plus fort mais il m'aime encore, et moi je t'aime <propfemale> peu plus fort"
"add my live messenger, tokioromance@live com  smile  and dreampinkk@yahoo com for yahoo messenger?"
has another headache hmmm
hahah my arm is tingling
is eating ice cream! laugh 
"has a headache, probably from smelling the vanilla scent stuff i have  i made vanilla smelling hand sanitizer though!"
i think something is wrong with me today annoyed 
cannot understand how anyone in their right mind could call me gorgeous
still can't understand why people would want to call me gorgeous annoyed 
this makes me laugh everytime--> http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=_maetjxeaf4
"hold your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall"
"hold your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall ?"
cant see bulletins on myspace anymore d:
when you see my face hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell smile 
hmmm annoyed 
is trying to catch my facebook up to my myspace --> friend wise   playful 
might go to ogden today smile 
is going to be    for halloween! take a guess smile  its gonna be amazing!
got my miss wonderland outfit  it looks amazing i love it smile 
"today has been a horrible day for me,"
"wants a new camera, so i can practice my photography! i do pretty good now, but my phone has horrible picture quality  thats why my pics on here are so badd"
is thinking about wearing my big blue bow tomorrow to school smile 
is veryyy hungry  and i have a picture of me in my costume up laugh 
"darling, what is going on? honestly that never happened ?"
is gonna go to a halloween party tonight yay smile 
had a wonderful time last night smile  i loved the caroling playful 
i hate the ones who love to hate because they're just like me playful 
only a day late --> http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v= playful vdajyvofi
"if god is a dj, life is a dance floor, love is the rhythm, you are the music smile "
è_é why dont ya say so why dont ya say so? i think im caught in between playful 
wanna know something?
 annoyed 
im not gonna lie my night just got ruined
is gonna make some random photo album of totally random pictures ive found all over playful  itll cheer me up a bit
the question asked in order to save her life or take it  the answer no to avoid death the answer yes would make it  do you believe in god? written on the bullet  say yes to pull the trigger      sad song!
just saw the saddest picture ever  it made me cry   sad  if you want i can put it up annoyed 
just put the saddest thing up  its so sad i cant believe someone would do that 
is doing homework  and im still way behind in mrs  summers class   annoyed 
has a geometry test friday  i hope i can pass it  smile 
awww sad  sundai got booted off antm! she was my favorite annoyed 
wanna know something i think is sad that happens to me alot?
"just out of pure boredness since im not going to town for about 45 minutes, im going to make a tagging album  just for the fun of it i guess"
"so   go tag yourselves in my new album, make me smile im so bored annoyed "
"if you are reading this, whether we speak often or not, please post a comment of the first or favorite memory you have of us that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragragh on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you"
 annoyed  i feel horrible 
has some tagging pictures up playful  go tag yourselves playful 
"i dont wanna fall to pieces, i just wanna sit and stare at you  i dont wanna talk about it and i dont wanna conversation, i just wanna cry in front of you  i dont wanna talk about it, cause im in love with you ?"
 smile 
"guys, go tag yourselves in my tag album thingerr  im bored ha so yeah do itt smile "
"darling, what is going on? honestly that never happened "
real eyes realize real lies 
i love colouring  lol 
so i feel absolutely horrible 
is thinking about doing online classes playful 
i still feel so horrible  annoyed  i dunno what to do
does anybody like the old cartoon network shows instead of these new ones? i know i liked the old ones better smile 
my throat hurts sad 
 annoyed 
i finally added the pictures i took like a week or so ago of me in my costume  lol
well i can talk better than i could this morning
ewww theres a diet where they put a tapeworm into yerr tummy and it eats the extra fat away  how gross is that?!
hmmm still havent quite figured it out yet ha
i really wnat some macaroni and cheese  but not the normal kind! the kind thats shaped like spongebob or something 
so im really bored since im just sitting on here   playful 
is awfully lonerly tonight annoyed 
"listening to owl city cheers me up smile  and not the song fireflies, i mean i like it, but its played way too much on teh radio ha and i like other songs better"
i love the song the saltwater room  does anyone else?
 annoyed  i want a hug  lol
well im outta school til friday due to my illness plus im outta pe for the next 2 weeks which is pretty much the rest of the tri annoyed 
i hate being sick  but at least i get outta school for 2 days and pe for 2 weeks which im not such a fan of but yeah anyways  ha
is eating spongebob macaroni and cheese?
mlia smile  best  site  everr  ?
what am i 1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23:beautiful  24: adorable  25: rude 
j'veux ton amour  et je veux ton revenge  j'veux ton amour   surprise  ?
is bored ish annoyed 
"i like being sick, but then i dont  i can miss school and all, but then i get behind ha"
i wish i could have a dragon for a best friend
wont be back to school til friday ha
has a ton of homework  would someone like to help me? annoyed 
is taking a break
thanks to lady gaga im always going to remember which way is vertical 
i really want the sims 3 annoyed 
"it sounds like i probably wont go to school tomorrow either, but my mom is gonna call to see if i can go in long enough to get my baby"
just woke up from a 45 minute nap  haha
so now i get to go pick up my baby  lol
haha this baby is annoying me 
i think i twisted my foot weird haha
this baby is annoying ha
is gettin kinda worried  
omg laugh  im talking to my best friend from 5th grade who moved! i havent talked to her in years ha this is awesome smile 
you and me could write a bad romance? <-good song smile 
is working on homework  there may be a <propmale> i wont go to school tomorrow coz my fever wont go away
ich bin so alleine
i found out last night that my teacher may have accidently set my baby to turn off last night instead of tonight haha
has a ton of homework to do annoyed  i might not even go to school tomorrow  which will put me more behind annoyed  fmll  sad 
hallo kleiner android ich bin so alleine mein herz ist ein vakuum schwer wie tausend steine ich will was riskieren hab nichts zu verlieren komm start die maschinen lass uns zusammen ne runde fliegen
my head hurts  so bad   somebody at least try to cheer me up while i attempt to finish my work annoyed 
some people make me mad sometimes  ha
"im gonna be super bored tonight, besides working on homework i have nothing to do, and im almost done with it surprisingly"
"once again, some people make me mad, im getting off here for awhile    annoyed "
"has nothing better to do atm, since mom is leaving in a few minutes  "
so automatisch?
can hopefully go back to school tomorrow playful 
ive noticed that some of the <propmale> songs i listen to tend to have darker lyrics compared to the english songs   
"and we go on and we go on and on and on and on   we dont belong we dont belong belong to anyone   the pain of love will last forever,promise me promise me, we'll celebrate the pain together, the pain of love love love playful "
it really doesnt feel like ive missed 5 days of school   until i look at all my homework   thats due by this friday annoyed  somebody help me   please   
hmmm   dont add my other account on here playful  its my backup typa thing  not that i need it but yeah! playful 
has some homework but i would like some help   playful 
why do some people never give you the <propmale> to answer before they leave? annoyed 
      
is gonna be bored unless someone answers me   
realllyyy needs help on my homework   either that or someone talk to me  im lonely-ish   annoyed 
well ive successfully finished work from one of my classes
today is the last day i miss of school iiii promisee
got bit by a spider on my back sad  it hurts so much
<(' '<) hug smile 
"is probably gonna go to school tomorrow, its been a goodish break but im really behind and probably failing! annoyed "
ahhhh playful 
"ich schrei in die nacht für dich, lass mich nicht im stich spring nicht playful "
is doing tons of homework 
i wish i could be a model annoyed  but i doubt im pretty enough or something   annoyed 
has a horrible headache from thinking too much haha
loves mlia  it just makes my life that much better playful 
"i cant wait til next tri i got all the good classes, like i got choir next tri laugh  and ima be a office <propfemale> im excited haha"
hahaha has anyone else besides me stuck a safety pin through their ear or lip or leg or somewhere? lol
"i dunno about anyone else, but sometimes i really wish that i could have a really awesome accent playful "
"watch our words spread hope like fire, secret crowds rise up and gather, hear your voices sing back louder playful "
" smile  et il m'aime encore, et moi je t'aime <propfemale> peu plus fort mais il m'aime encore, et moi je t'aime <propfemale> peu plus fort surprised i still know how to spell alot of that playful "
did kbuzz today laugh  it was fun playful 
"alright not to be mean or anything but im only gonna say this once   lol if anyone says anything about new <propfemale> i cant gaurantee i wont hit you or something, people talking about it so much ruined it for me  haha"
so ive been thinking about redying my hair since i havent dyed it for awhiled: but i was thinking blue on the bottom or something  then getting it cut so i could tease it like i used to be able to playful 
"you see, this world has lots to offer but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is, i'm sure we will go far  playful  love that song"
je veux ton amour et je veux <propfemale> revanche je veux ton amour
has decided to give up on this to kill a mockingbird packet thing  im just gonna work on my book reports playful 
has anyone read the book 'salem's lot? laugh 
 annoyed  i would like to text somebody new laugh  anyone wanna talk?
just woke up from a napish typa thing ha now i get to be bored most of the night i bet
        
"\this member is already one of your friends\"" i hate that haha"""
"i wish i could draw, or paint, or even scribble right haha i love drawing smile  <propmale> is amazing and all i can really do is ceramics   i love it though laugh  and im apparently an <propmale>ist in the game of life playful "
"watch our words spread hope like fire secret crowds rise up and gather, hear your voices sing back louder!"
so yesterday i was kinda going to give this cookie to this kid   but i kinda didnt coz i kinda got nervous   lol
"so my question for all of you, what lunch do you all have this next tri?"
i just cut my hair   i did it myself i think it looks pretty good laugh  i only did my bangs and around there but still  
im gonna miss this tri  especially my pe class  i have my reasons    playful 
just got back from signing papers for my new car laugh  i technically have 2 cars now! surprise 
hahaha ive got about 5 different forwards in the past 10 minutes playful  all from different people tooo:
that was easily one of the scariest things thats happened to me     annoyed 
hahaha i love mystery google 
hehe i have a mission to go buy hot chocolate with someone i like surprise 
is prolly gonna watch movies again maybe
happy thanksgiving everybody smile  im gonna be in a good mood all day and nobody can do anything to make me mad laugh 
apparently <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale> are coming over after they got to church playful 
no oh oh i dont really wanna leave you behind but apparently you cant stay all mine so ill try to let you go ;p
so i had this amazing dream last night  i wish it would really happen  ill e playful lain it to anyone who asks i guess playful 
you see this world has lots to offer but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is im sure we will go far
"i like when people want to be my friend smile  it makes me feel like they want to get to know me smile  and for those who know me, im sorry for being so rude if i have been  im sorry "
"if you ever get mauled by bears, i hope they stay away from your face because i think you're cute"
so i was doing okay for awhile i guess  til i got to the movies  then i nearly broke down at every sadish part of the movie annoyed 
has never been this upset  my best friend  gone  
the inside of my mouth hurts from biting my cheek so much last night 
we are the class of the class of 13! smile 
its automatic systematic so traumatic! laugh 
i do not want to be afraid
i may seem crazy  or painfully shy  and these scars wouldn't be so hidden  if you would just look me in the eye  i feel alone here and cold here
sometimes i want to have a near death e playful erience or end up in hospital just to see who cares enough to visit ditto? <-- i agree with that girl haha
la la la lalalalala
yesterday my cousin heard me sing ha she told me that if i tried to really get my voice out there i could be a great singer  but  ireally doubt that coz my voice sucks haha
i feel really kinda sick today annoyed 
so i think i did something to my nose  i dont know what but it really hurts right nowd:
<::: indecision ==o hehehe my sword laugh 
 playful  envy on the coast laugh 
is gonna watch a movie i think
is watching <propfemale> trek playful 
haha i fell asleep for a little bit in the middle of the <propfemale> trek movie haha
"you see, this world has lots to offer, but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is, i'm sure we will go far? i love that song it makes me happy laugh "
has this weird kinda chest pain ish thing going on right now haha so yeah
is feeling a bit better i suppose
is back haha i guess were gonna watch another movie
so im kinda excited for the new tri playful  i getta be a office aide laugh 
so im debating on whether i like my new classes or not  for the most part i do but 6th hour is realllyyy boring
"well im really bored and have nothing to do on here, or on myspace and im not really talking to anyone right now soo  yeah   annoyed "
well  i was feeling better but  not anymore annoyed 
"so i remade my other myspace account since i couldnt remember the pass and all to the other, but this one is strictly people i really know haha"
hahaha figures  theres only one person i get on all those typa things and its always first pick too
"when the sun shines, we'll shine together, told you ill be here forever, said ill always be your friend,"
"sorry, but thats just weird "
so   i really wanna talk haha im kinda hyperish and and yeah ow i just hit my elbow    annoyed 
eww  just  ewww
"so im having an issue annoyed  my right side is really hurting, and its kinda hard to breathe and i dont know whats wrong"
im feeling better finally haha
together we'll dance in the dark?
"oooh i love how people will get mad at you for not texting them when they text you, or you dont text them at all, and when you do they wont answer annoyed "
"so  sometimes i like it when random people talk to me, like this kid on myspace  ha he told me im really pretty  sometimes that feels good coming from a person you dont know very well"
"here? well you are the one the one that lies close to me whisper's hello i miss you quite terribly i fell in love, in love with you suddenly now there's no place else i could be but here in your arms"
lovely ?
haha i love being a office aide smile 
"i like, where we are  when we drive, in your car  i like, where we are  here?"
i dont like getting so many freakin app notifications  it annoys me haha
hahaha i have a new best friend laugh  that makes 3
truth box! thats the cause of all my freakin app notificationsd:
i think i ate too much annoyed 
ha ha he he ha ha oh playful 
"love me, hate me, but cant you see what i see? all of the boys and all of the girls are beggin to if u seek <propfemale>,"
"well you are the one the one that lies close to me whisper's hello i miss you quite terribly i fell in love, in love with you suddenly now there's no place else i could be but here in your arms"
so  i had a ton of <propfemale> burst <propfemale> today   it was happy smile 
really wants to draw something! give me ideas guys smile 
hooray for awkward 21 questions questions playful 
a psychologist is a person who helps people with their problems right?
hahaha so what is everyone up to tonight? anybody wanna <propfemale> out smile ?
you amaze me ?
just decided to make spongebob macaroni and cheese smile 
is really in the mood to make new friends  lets talk smile 
is really kind of bored playful  talk to <propfemale> x]
"i'm your biggest fan, i'll follow you until you love me, papa paparazzi baby theres no other superstar you know that ill be your papa paparazzi wink  i wont stop until that boy is mine playful "
x]  haha im listening to a song called dental care playful  by owl city of course  its happy smile 
is only gonna be on here for a couple minutes
some people just dont get it do they?
"i want to move, there are just some people that i need to get away from for awhile"
the song umbrella beach has music that sounds kind of like the sims music at one point smile  i love it
"you know, i really hate it when someone says to you pc4pc so you do it, and they never do it back  lol it pisses me off"
i hate when someone i dont like hits on me  lol
is watching the proposal laugh 
okay  so im looking to make some new friends laugh  so talk people smile 
new friend requests make me happy ?
is eating popcorn  for no real reason i can think of besides i wanted to haha
"find your freedom in the music find your jesus find your cupid you will never fall apart <propfemale> your still in our hearts, never let you fall apart together we'll dance in the dark?"
so what does everyone think of the picture i put up earlier? keep or delete? ha
"oooh yeah, i found my bright pink skinnies today  just thought i'd let you know  n_n"
is anybody else freezing? i know i am haha
does anyone else feel really light headed? annoyed 
hahaha i have 666 comments on my myspace profile 
"runnin through the monsoon beyond the world to the end of time, where the rain wont hurt fightint the storm into the blue, and when i lose myself i think of you, together we'll be runnin somewhere new, through the monsoon, just me and youu?"
bahaha i love listening to songs that are chipmunked  it just makes me laugh  alot  like im listening to everywhere i go by hollywood undead- its one of my favorite songs but still   haha
i wanna change my hairr  but i need money first haha oh yehh what do you think of my new picture? im not sure i like it or not
"with friends like these, who needs enemies smile ?"
"you can hear the waves, in underwater caves, as if you were actually were inside a saltwater room;;"
oooooops! i just noticed ive been clicking the opposite answer that i meant on the friend quiz thing! to anyone of you that i might of said something mean i didnt mean it i swear
"theres only 2 people i really want to talk too  the first one  well i think hes mad at me, the 2nd well ive never talked to him  "
hahaha  i have 2012 friends 
myspace is being weird for me right now haha
[i miss you quite terribly] theres no place i could be but here in your arms
so  i dont know  i need to talk to someone  in particular ha
"i dont e playful ect you to talk, then again i never should, i miss how we used to be  "
so today was alright  lunch is my favorite part of the day though smile  but not coz its a break just  coz   smile 
"hmm  i dont mind it when people gauge their ears, but when they gauge their nose or lip or tongue or whatever it is, thats just too much haha"
hello seattle?
"okay  ive decided, tomorrow, either in person or on here or whatever ima talk to that boyy smile  maybe  haha"
wants to talk to someone annoyed  anyonee annoyed  text me annoyed 
you know im a wreck and you know i cant breathe;  annoyed 
finally! i get to use the computer  so whats everyone up to?
hahaha i love the song everywhere i go by hollywood undead  its just awesome haha
"gone for 2 minutes and on myspace i have: new messages, new friends, new friend request, and app notifications  haha"
"ugh haha im trying to set up facebook for my phonee, but it wont workd: i sent the stupid text twice and it wont send it to me"
whoa  it got dark fast haha
dont stop make it pop dj blow my speakers up tonight; ?
"you build me up, you break me down, my heart it pounds yeah you got me; ?"
yeah    no  just no  never ever ever ever say that to me again  lol this is the weirdest converstation ive ever had  ever  lol
hello everybody  lets talkkk?
wants to <propfemale> out with my best friends again  annoyed 
i need to talk to somebody 
the reason  that i like having so many friends on myspace is because i dont like knowing what people i really know are doing 
you spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round wink 
you spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round smile 
how do you like my new pictures smile ? in the one i was staring at the sun  and i got kinda bored in one of my classes and <propfirst> on my fingers  i think it looks cool haha
just read the funniest thing haha
"you know, i hate it when i text someone and all they say is hi instead of hey becoz when they say hi i feel like they dont wanna talk to me or theyre mad  coz thats how i use hi sometimes hahah i hate it when they do that"
"earlier, at lunch i had a horrible accident haha all my friends did was sit there and laugh haha i started choking on super minty gum and yeah  just  i dunno haha"
im wearing tjs dog tags today haha the 09 ones smile  pretty nifty haha
ive noticed lately that its kind of easy to lie to people  lol 
found something depressing out today annoyed 
so i <propfirst> a pretty sweet volcano in geometry today  i got bored after the test so yeah  ill put a pic of it up haha
hmm  okay then
so tonight has been kind of a hard night
"so i dont know if ive ever cried so badly, or if ive ever had that much mascara run down my face ha"
alright i give uppp haha
uh oh!d: one of my headphones are dead annoyed  i only get music out of my left ear phone now annoyed 
and there goes my other headphone annoyed  good thing were going to walmart later haha
hello everybody smile  what's up?
yay! new headphones laugh  theyre bright orange smile 
so whats up everybody? lets talk smile 
i just ate a frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwich  haha smile 
fer shuree laugh  hmm so whats everyone up to? haha
i just noticed  on facebook i have 105 flair credits  on myspace i have 10  haha
"guns dont kill people, people with mustaches do "
fer sure maybe fer sure not fer sure eh fer sure bomb 
"so i think i really injured myself last night, i hurt my neck, my leg, and i hit my head, im surprised with as hard as i hit it, that i didnt get a concussion ha"
it's so hard to be a <propfemale> in a rhinestone world ?
i still dont wanna know  
i hate hypocrites 
well i feel pretty retarded right now    
do-{--<]: <---kid on skateboard
is listening to blood on the dance floor  thats a good bandd  just thought youd like to know playful 
so  my question  whose going to the 9th grade choir concert? smile  its after the 8th grade one
it's so hard to be a <propfemale> in a rhinestone world;
has anyone else noticed that people say that hate is a strong word    yet people throw around the word love all the time?
haah so i messed up and left my account all logged in while i was at my concert and im sure there were people trying to talk to me but okay haha
its official! wednesday morning im dying my hair again smile ]
i really have nothing to do today 
so im pretty excited for tomorrow getting my hair dyed at 6 smile 0 then going to ogden a little later then going to a movieee later after thatt laugh 
"let me be the first to wish you the worst, coz i think you deserve each other, let me be the curse that creeps under your skin until your heart caves in smile "
& hes gonna get high high high when hes low low low playful 
"baby loves to dance in the dark, coz when hes looking she falls apart;"
so you guys like my new hair? smile 
i dont know if i like the close up picture haha
"dont be mad coz my hair is so rad, life is good up in my hood laugh  teehee"
so ill be leaving for my movie in a few minutes smile 
is back from the movie
n_n i just took some pictures and my hair looks purple  its pretty amazing smile 
"hmm about a week ago, i had 2100 friends on myspace, since then 11 people have deleted me hahaha"
"so i found out last night, if i take pictures in a certain light my hair looks purple  i thought it was pretty nifty haha"
oh yes my hair does look purple in certain light its pretty nifty i shall take pictures like that again tonight smile  i have one picture up where it looks puple though
"et il m'aime encore, et moi je t'aime <propfemale> peu plus fort smile "
"don't be mad coz my hair is so rad, life is good up in my hood smile "
"why yes, yes i am trying to be a rainbow today "
omg i just found the coolest version of jingle bells ever
is watching march of the wooden soldiers  i think thats what its called playful 
"what does everyone think of my hair? im just wondering, coz i loveee it smile ?"
"jingle bells, jingle bells jingle all the way christmas in australia on a scorching summer's day jingle bells, jingle bells christmas time is beaut oh what fun it is to ride in a <propmale> holden <propfemale>  laugh  haha sorry for caps, i copied it smile "
dangit annoyed  i hate it when people cant wont spell right  it drives me insane
132 days  tomorrow it will be 133 smile 
so  i just listened to blood on the dance floors's new song  that they releashed about 15 minutes ago  its pretty amazing smile 
we got a wii and a ton of games  but i really just wanted a camera annoyed  haha
i got everything i wanted smile 
well if you wanted honesty thats all you had to say
 laugh d i really  love   this song   its  not even funnyyy    smile  it came out like a dayy ago smile  its amazing  haha
okay  im prolly about to offend people  lol but i decided to see what this <propfirst> bieber guy sounds like  i couldnt make it through a video  like  he sounds like a little kid honestly haha
see see see! i like those people who ask me to pc4pc and they actually keep their end up smile  nice nice people they are
i  really  love?  this  song 
okay  my cousin spent her own money to get me skullcandy earphones for christmas they were about 30 dollars and she spent about half of her money on just those smile  thats so sweet
fer sure maybe fer sure not fer sure eh fer sure bomb 
ahhh my computer is being weird sad  i cant do anything with my pictures without it saying there was a connection error sad  ill have to try in a bit
apparently i've been added to the train  smile 
i just found a screamo version of the song this is halloween from nightmare before christmas  i feel pretty acomplished haha
my warpaint is sharpie ink smile 
wow  i post a ton of links haha
h h h hush you color my eyes red your loves not live its dead this letters written itself inside out again when rivers turn to roads and lovers become trends h h h hush this is where it ends
"i know i know i know thats theres a place for me somewhere, out there;"
"i wont lie, im in pain right now, like, you dont even know "
im pretty excited i got $50 last night smile  and it happens we had to go to ogden this morning so were going to the mall while were there smile 
just got home from the mall smile 
new photo comments?
remember that i lovee you smile 
"i love the song the quiet things that no one ever knows by brand new smile  its sad, but i love it"
"you're so fly, no lie & you know this; ballin, one of a kind, top of the line drop dead gorgeous smile "
"alright, people post some messed up stuff on truthbox&& it always freezes on the worst thing possible when my mom or someone walks in  haha"
"hmmm  ive noticed when i find something on truthbox that i have an opinion about, i dont post it on there  instead i come and rant on here -_-"
"hush this is where it ends, color my eyes red, your loves not live its dead this letters written itself inside out again, when rivers turn to roads, and lovers become trends h h hush this is where it ends, this is where it ends   smile  sad song but i love it"
"alright, just out of curiosity, how many people on here have a myspace too?"
"alright! after this year, i firmly believe that famous people die in 3s  okay i bet one more will die before 2009 is over  lol i dont mean to sound horrible  but think about it   haha oh yeah   rip the rev  sad annoyed "
i really need to make a new album of pictures on myspace  lol
sooo ima make a youtube account  lol 
i just noticed a minute ago that they changed when you put up a new status of comment one of whatever instead of saying 2 seconds ago it says a few seconds ago
hmm im thinking about uploading these videos that are on my phone that me and my cousin did over the summer when i had to babysit her
ive decided   that   i want to move to florida  for numerous reasons smile 
ahhhh! omg my ear is bleeding i took it outta my ear and now its bleeding blahh haha
you hit me once i hit you back you gave a kick i gave a slap you smashed a plate over my head then i set fire to our bed  playful  haha
my mom just told me its pretty amazing when you start world war 3-_-
"okay so sometimes, when it says im online and you message me or something  this has happened quite a few times  haha   anyways im prolly not at the computer so sorry if you like im me or something and i dont answer thats prolly why  "
"say it once say it twice take <propmale> and roll the dice ride with the <propfemale> in the dead of night playful  ha i love this song  i found a screamo version of it too, i mentioned that the other night  "
ihatewhenpeoplerandomlystoptextingyou 
i haven't showered since last year 
maybe i'm alone in this but i find peace in solitude;
yummy ?
"play it loud, play it loud, raise your voice, shout it out, play it loud playful "
da na na na the re re fle fle fle flexx laugh 
da nanana the fle fle fle flexx?
"tell me does she look at you the way i do? try to understand the words you say and the way you move  does she get the same big rush when you go in for a hug and your cheeks brush? tell me, am i crazy? or is this more than a crush?"
wow people have been putting alot of stuff on my <propfemale> lately haha playful 
ive finally decided to start using my twitter  the one ive had for  a very long time haha i forgot the username and everything but i recovered it smile 
"joy, im going to the grocery store  haha"
um yeah  im back hahah and still kinda pissed off 
i officially really want to go to england 
wow twitter on my phone is ton faster then facebook-_- sometimes facebook is like a day or 2 late but this is like 2 seconds after i send it playful 
"lol i found this guy on youtube, and i went to his myspace and hes a good singer too, and he does like covers parodies of songs and im listening to his version of fireflies and its pretty good playful "
"you would not believe your eyes, if 10 million home supplies appeared and taught me how to live  wink "
i do agree with the girl on truthbox; i hate going places with people prettier than e coz the guys always talk to them not that i care much anyways but still!
i have a really bad headacheish typa thing haha
"i dont really feel like being on the computer  text me if you want, i cant gaurantee ill answer though "
"i only watch american idol to watch the auditions  after those are over, i stop watching it, i dunno i think its stupid  haha"
hopefully when i take my earrings out later they wont bleed near as bad as they did last night
the only thing that sucks about having alot of friends is when you notice the number of friends go down  youll never know who removed you haha
do you like my new pictures? i dunno if i ould keep them or not 
gahhh; im so sleepy annoyed 
follow me on twitter guys smile  ill love you forever if you do  i promise laugh  www twitter com emokatz990
is watching south park laugh  dont forget to follow me on twitter! www twitter com emokatz990
"4, 3, 2, 1, earth below us, drifting, falling, floating weightless, calling calling, home;"
happy birthday mommy smile 
i got to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> for a bit today playful  it was pretty fun actually
"4, 3, 2, 1, earth below us, drifting, falling, floating weightless, calling calling home;"
new photo comments laugh 
so the game dead  space  it's actually pretty fun smile  and i kick butt at it laugh 
"chop, chop, chop you up! ima monster! hahaha! eat you like a cannibal, spit you out like an animal! x2 slice, slice, slice you up  ima monster! hahaha! cut you up i'll slice and dice  serve you up as cold as ice  x2   laugh "
follow me follow me follow me follow me pleeeassseeed: www twitter com emokatz990
i have the worst headache ever 
i'm doing random myspace surveys that i'll have up on my personal account later playful  not the one with over 2400 people  
i just found nail polish that smells like spray paint 
guys i have a question  what is the most unique thing about me?
gahhh im tired of stupid app notifications on myspaced: i guess thats what happens when you have truthbox and 2500 friends 
a couple surveys up on my personal myspace account smile  well if you wanna get to know me i guess go read em laugh 
got out of school early today laugh  the power went out playful 
gahhhh what'd ya think about the power outage this morning?  laugh 
my headache still hasnt gone away away awayy oh wayyy oohhhhhhhd: hahaha okay 
whitnee you are my wonderwall 
atychiphobia <-- i think i have it 
this is taking forever d:
"i spend endless hours working on <propmale> work that isnt even for school, but yet i never do my homework  hmm "
i'm going to re-write all my about me's 
i re-wrote everything playful 
"did you guys read my new about me? do you like it? i put everything very bluntly, and there are some random things about me in there too "
"okay, so all i want for my birthday is money  thats all i wantttt  i have a special reason too, that ima save my money up for"
this song makes me dance 
dahvie said hi to meee laugh  ahhh im so excitedd haha
"jet black, <propfemale> hair, people stare, i don't care, wanna taste? sure i'll share  gotta be big i'll take you there  glammed up and fabulous looking hot, dangerous laugh "
saveee <propfemale> ?
? ? ?
"iswearthaticangoonforeveragain,pleaseletmeknowthatmyonebaddaywillend "
"d: it scares me when people say: \we need to talk \"" \""i have to tell you something \"" i have a question \"" gahh it makes my heart pound """
"if god made it rain intelligence, you'd have your umbrella up "
"i know this pretty rave girl, always think about her, when she says hi to me, butterflies go right through me, and when i see her dancing, wanna take a <propmale> and getting a little closer and maybe get to know her "
orange isn't a natural skin color 
pedestrians is another word for speedbump 
hello fascination 
-_-i really wanna watch <propmale> and joon  or is it june? i dunno i just saw someone who spelled it joon  hmm  whatever  i still really wanna watch it 
random acts of kindess really do make impacts playful 
watching for the tsunami to hit hawaii 
lol i'm scared of putting my pictures up anywhere coz i'm afraid people will steal them and pretend to be me  haha or just save them  creepers 
"i found, myself, in wonderland;"
today i feel like being nice to people annoyed  that's kind of different  i mean like giving people compliments and all that 
i can't wait til summer  not this summer  next summer 
i wonder if you can delete myyearbook accounts   there's too many creepers on there 
oh thank goodness i swear i was about to kill people  _ 
"yay for people, i feel loved "
shhhh  it's a secret  > > < < > >
people who chew their gum like retarded cows make me wanna hurt people 
"jet black <propfemale> hair, people stare, i don't care, wanna taste? sure i'll share  gotta be big, i'll take you there "
facebook  is pissing me off 
"baby, i love you, i never wanna let you go"
some people  just really piss me the hell off 
mmm about to leave to go the school   playful 
"this morning, i woke up really late, missed the bus, we found out the one car tire was flat, so my mom said i could just stay home  that's the real reason i stayed  playful "
ohh jeez  its so easy to amuse me when im tired  i laugh at everything 
"on the brightside, i just found my driver's handbook  guess i'll study "
gahhh ahaha i feel a bit better now  i can't wait for something now n n
"i'm going to ogden tomorrow, to see <propfemale> in 3d  playful "
"ladies don't start fights, but they can finish them  v v"
i love people who post sarcastic comments on my posts  smile  god you those people are annoying 
i'm such a failure at life right now  ahaha 
i just realized you can put your anniversary date on your profileo: omg  that's nifty 
"yay, i don't feel like such a failure anymore; all the posts i've done on truthbox, i've got over 200 emps, plus one is on the front of the last few hours most popular, and the second post is on the second page  laugh d"
"hmmm   i don't really like 2nd lunch, anymore  i did last year, but not now> >"
"i can finally see, that you're right there beside me  i am not my own  for i have been made new  please don't let me go  i desperatly need you "
"pisces downfall is their sensitivity and their inability to reject another person  <--- this  this is the one thing i have a problem with  i'm too nice  ohh yeah, my birthday is in: 5 days "
oh darlin' i know what you're goin' through 
i will not allow him to buy me e playful ensive things 
i'm going through and deleteing pictures on myspace  something ive needed to do for a long time 
"i decided to go through pictures today, and in all the pictures that i took with someone, i tagged them in it  im also deleting pictures too "
"hah hah hah  <propmale> needs to reply to <propfirst>, my twitter's bein spammed ahah"
my throat is even worse todayd:
yayy my friend quit doing drugs  joyful 
"i'm getting the sims 3 today i think  i hate being sick though  i doubt ill be able to go to school for a couple days annoyed  i cant stand laying in bed all day, i finally decided to get up and actually do something even though im really weak  "
i'm out of school for the rest of the week  v v
"darling, what is going on? honestly, that never happened "
"what makes me sad is a couple of my \best friends\"" didn't even take the time to tell me happy birthday """
"on your knees, pretty please "
"kids who've been going out for like a week make me laugh when they say they \love\"" each other  psh yeah right  haha"""
"cover me in blush, im a sugar rush, so sinful with my stare, like a millionare "
"why do people use random pictures of other people, or of anime people or cars or whatever, instead of using an actual picture of them? it bugs me, aha "
bitches get stitches they end up in ditches so get the riches  playful 
only my mama would let me blast blood on the dance floor in the car 
i can be so mean when i want to be  i am capable of really anything  i can cut you into pieces 
"guns don't kill people, people with mustaches do "
he ate my heart and then he ate my brain
your imagination could be the death of you ;p
what is it about me that bores people? people always seem to get bored of me after a few days or so 
i miss my pokemon posterr 
that is what forgivness sounds like  screaming and then silence 
"we all know the saying  guns don't kill people, people with mustaches do "
angels and airwaves  love 
"i got the bang bang if ya know what i mean, it goes bang a bang a bang a bang  laugh "
together we'll dance in the dark
"i'm gonna stick a pitchfork, right  in  your  eye "
found something to do tonight  playful 
"so let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of… marriage?? really? really?"
bing- because its not google 
"my face burnnnsss  thats what i get for washing my face, when i have a bad sunburn on it "
i'm ready to turn off my notifications for when people poke me on my phone ;_; <propfirst> its your fault for making me turn it on!:')
"komm und hilf mir fliegen, leih mir deine flügel, ich tausch sie gegen die welt, gegen alles was mich hält, ich tausch sie heute nacht"
"küss mich jetzt, im gegenlicht wie'n geisterfahrer such ich dich  die nacht ist kalt, ich fahr allein, wie'n geisterfahrer um endlich bei dir zu sein"
"für einen tag,für eine nacht,für einen moment,in dem du lachst,wir durchbrechen die zeit,gegen jedes gesetz,für immmer jetzt, für immer du und ich, für immer jetzt"
"wir bleiben immer, schreiben uns in die ewigkeit, ich weiss das immer, irgendwo was bleibt, wir fühlen, wir sind fürs ende nicht bereit, wir sterben niemals aus, ihr tragt uns bis in alle zeit"
i am not afraid to keep on livin  i am not afraid to walk this world alone  <propfemale> if you stay i'll be forgiven  nothing you can say can stop me going home 
just got back from the pool  that was interesting  
today ive just been sleepy dx i slept for like 5 hours after class and then i just woke up again 15 minutes ago :') lazy day!
country music is not something i'd be proud to drive around with it cranked up way up high  
today was fun   smile 
"ich kann ehrlich sagen, daß ich nicht kümmern, was menschen sagen hier, weil sie alle nur reden über jede kleine sache werden sie tun, und ich ehrlich gesagt nicht pflege, und nicht wanna hören  ; -; ugh "
i see my drivers <propmale> teacher is out and about driving with kids this morning
why in the world would people come here just to scoop up dirt from where the <propfemale> is going? why would someone go jar it up? lol  jeez 
"<propmale> is really middle-class, uptight, and boring, a zero "
"it's not what you said, it's the way you say it  it's not what you did, it's the way you do it  sick and tired of needing your affection, i chose to be lonely, than live without your attention "
it's crazy how i can just tell 317 random people everything ive been holding in  maybe its because they dont really know me and wont really judge me 
techno music is nice 
"well, i guess i'm gonna go drive  i'm getting pretty good love "
i should have a phone tomorrow because my uncle is absolutely awesome 
i laugh too long at stupid stuff when im tired
"now i'm here, no more fears  angel don't you cry, i'll meet you on the other side "
really  shes gonna be on oprah because of our 'cyber bullying' im sorry but that is not bullying ok  she threatened everybody first and we had to tell her to knock it off so she runs to her daddy and now theyre gonna be on oprah  grrreeeaat  haha
"lol i told my 11 year old cousin that if she ever acts like that girl, ill beat her lool "
except for this guy  i like this guy  well just kidding i like everybody  just not animal abusers  or child abusers  or any abusers   o o
nothihg pedo-ish about a 26year old arabic man being in a little video chat with 3 fifteen year old girls~
that's gonna be my next hair color~
i would love to get into hip hop dancing
vf intro threads  weeeeeee
this is why i like asian people 
this video is absolutely fabulous
"there's a place downtown, where the freaks all come around playful "
this is magical  i need glitter  now 
every  single  time 
omg it's 3 pm and i woke up just like 15 minutes ago  
omg my mind is blown
i havent had my hair curled for years! so tonight i decided to e playful eriment with it 
some people are absolutely ridiculous
i have the hiccups sad  and i ache from yesterday indecision 
i have the hiccups for the second time today 
nobody likes you  everyone left you  they're all out without you  havin fun  everyone left you  nobody likes you   laugh 
this is my jam  omg 
my friends list is definately getting cleaned out tonight 
blahh today ifeel horrible indecision  and it didn't make me feel better when i went and got my schedule  i don't wanna go to school 
wow that's something i didnt need to know;
;~; hmm 
the song that plays on my blog just makes me insanely happy whenever i hear it  idgaf if it's instrumental 
i have no way of getting to ogden today   indecision 
ohmygod are you kidding me 
i dont think anyone understands my love for this game 
"i'm not very excited about school  i have the people i want to see, and then i have the rest of the people ;~;"
"i finished my game  i need a new one indecision  i spent 39 hours something on it, now i have nothing to do "
"i've lost all faith i had in you  everytime we are going to do something, something always happens  i'm done "
"sometimes, i wonder why i have a facebook, because 98% of the time, i do not care what you are doing, where you are going, and why you're so mad at so and so "
"your knife, my back  my gun, your head "
omg i actually left my facebook and everything else left logged in for 5 hours and i wasnt even home  crap  
demyx demyx demyx demyx love 
"cross my heart, i hope you die  left by the roadside, <propfemale>'s a bitch, right?"
that anonymous person made my day  and i don't even know who it wasd;
"i really dont want to start school again, i mean i dont start til next monday, but im freaking out that im gonna get lost  the school is huge and  i didnt take time to look around it  im so nervous about next week indecision "
i've decided i no longer need to see you  outta my life now laugh 
"oh yeah, i'm also dying my hair soon  itll be bright  and im gonna like it "
haha i love asian people 
tonight was an e playful erience and a half  
haha  msi is great 
"i've driven about probably 18 hours, and 16 1 2 are at night  woo "
i'm in one of the best moods right now smile 3
i just found some pictures that i had a conversation with someone whose facebook got deleted so it looks like i was talking to myself  well then 
"all i feel is strange, strange in your perfect world"
"i just realized that half the time, i ignore friend invites on youtube on accident  i feel so bad right now"
i swear im the only one who does not care at all about degrassi 
"until you grow up, stay away from me "
last night was amazing   smile ))
my aunt is absolutely ridiculous 
"so   i just woke up  and i'm still tired, hmm  shower or go back to bed  that is the question  "
"how do people manage to mix up bored, and board? this makes me like lose faith in my generation   annoyed \"
happy birthday <propmale> and <propmale> kaulitz laugh 
tonight i have realized quite a few things  i need to change 
i really like school  i have some cute people in some of my classes   smile 
i know something you will never know 
"ich bin hier  hinter dir  geisterfahrer, ich komm mit  auf deinem letzten stück "
"hello there  the angel from my nightmare  the shadow in the background of the morgue  the unsuspecting victim, of darkness in the valley, we can live like <propfirst> and <propfemale> if we want  where you can always find me  and we'll have halloween on christmas, and in the night we'll wish this never ends "
i want to move to japan  right now 
some people should just not be allowed to be near a computer  oh jeez 
"if you really knew me, you'd probably regret wanting to "
wow  my mood went from like   indecision  to  smile 333
<propfirst> and <propmale> are gonna be comin out to watch a movie soon   smile 
well this whole thing was easier to deal with than e playful ected laugh 
"ich bin hier  hinter dir  geisterfahrer, ich komm mit  auf deinem letzten stück  küss mich jetzt, im gegenlicht  wie'n geisterfahrer, such ich dich  die nacht is kalt, ich fahr allein  wie'n geisterfahrer  um endlich bei dir zu sein "
tonight was alright  until i saw a couple people i didn't want to see  annoyed 
corvettes laugh d
epic light up sword fights ftw laugh 
"it's our problem free, philosophy  hakuna matata what a wonderful phrase laugh "
"two can keep a secret, if one of us is dead "
"well i can run just as fast as i can to the middle of nowhere, to the middle of my frustrated fears, and i swear, you're just like a pill  instead of making me better, you keep making me ill "
i hate finding random scratches on my body that don't hurt until after i notice it ;~;
"hahaha, can i just punch you in the elbow?"
i just want this one thing  just this once  please annoyed 
"i'm pretty sure <propfemale> is one of the best people i've ever met over the internet  she really knows how to give advice, and boost someone's confidence that's for sure?"
"you know,i'm gonna be shunned from my family pretty soon;p"
hum  i've been listening that song for awhile  there's a few people i wish i could send it to  
"i finally finished whitnee's picture  she better love me because it took probably and hour and a half, maybe two hours to draw  "
ahhh i'm so happy smile 
ahh i got 98 out of 100 on my math test smile 3
"ich bin hier  hinter dir  geisterfahrer, ich komm mit  auf deinem letzten stück  küss mich jetzt, im gegenlicht, wie'n geisterfahrer such ich dich  die nacht ist kalt, ich fahr allein, wie'n geisterfahrer, um endlich bei dir zu sein"
omg there is grass in my nose  oh well  tonight was fantastic smile 
"i'm going to say this once  i would appreciate it if people wouldn't offer to go ask someone something, or tell them something that i don't want them to know yet  it's my business, and i don't need people messing around in it "
goodnight everybody  it's been a very long day ;~;
"oh, i really like mcr's new stuff smile "
november 22  ?
i actually look forward to mondays  i'm not gonna lie 
"bah, i am freezing  indecision "
i love my chemical romance's new songs  just sayin'
"for my security, \to every enemy \we’re on your property, \standing in a v-formation  \tough like a bullet shell; \just like a sleeper cell  \i’d rather go to hell than be in purgatory \cut my hair, \gag and bore me \pull this pin, \let this world e playful lode "
this is so cool  it sounds like i'm getting a penpal  laugh 
never your heart shall i break 
"look alive, sunshine "
"she's just a little girl, she knows nothing of this little game we like to play "
i need  to get to the bottom of why you are doing that 
my voice is gonna be gone tomorrow
"if i am able to move at all tomorrow, it will be a miracle  plus i am pissed, because <propfirst> simmons looked at me and threw a guiter pick at me, but some ass in front of me leaned out and grabbed it sad "
well  it was surprisingly easier to move today than e playful ected
"so this person, sent me this anonymous message to me, and i swear to god it was the sweetest thing someone has ever said to me  ever  i wish i knew who it was "
"going to watch a movie? then bed  i don't know how i haven't just dropped dead yet, i'm so exhausted annoyed  plus i want to know what i got on the math test we took today  eek;~;"
"he said, son when you grow up, would you be the saviour of the broken, the beaten, and the damned?"
"im having problems lately  i cannot hold anything steady and im really dizzy \humpf stupid stuff for making me tired   _ "
i throw my homework in the air sometimes saying ayyooo i'll take a zerrooo
"i have a serious question  if a straightedge person was diagnosed with cancer and they had like shitty symptoms and they were able to smoke medicinal marijuana and it would make them feel so much better, would they do it?"
"i'm so excited, omg  i got 100% on my math test, which is literally a first in my life \oh jeez   smile "
i can't ever say the right things 
"if the bombs go off, the sun will still be shining "
i'm not here for your entertainment 
"guess what i'm doing tomorrow\\waking up when september ends love "
"noo  no no no no nnoooooooo \\i should have deleted that before i went to the movie  shhiiiittttd:"
"i think i might go crash  and  it's been a long   eventful day  uhm so, feel free to text me someone  please? indecision "
"smile, happy looks good on you "
"everybody wants to change the world, but no one, no one wants to die "
just jamming out to love gun ok 
i wish i could pull of blonde 
"urgh according to that chart thing, i'm kinda underweight-ish  oh  ohkay "
i need to stop debating with myself all the time  
i'm pretty sure i should pack my shit up and move to new zealand
i am no angel 
"we all <propfemale> these things inside that no one else can see  they hold us down like anchors, they drown us out at sea "
say goodbye to the hearts you break and all the cyanide you drank 
i'm not what you want me to be  sorry 
"der himmel, zieht sich zu \ihr letzter traum, bleibt ungeträumt  ?"
"ugh who eats ramen noodles for breakfast?\\this girl right here  yup "
"young and in love, heart attacks waiting to happen  so come a little closer, tell me those three little words "
i give up 
do people really feel the need to interfere with things?  annoyed 
"if i let you in, you'd just want out \if i tell you the truth, you'd vie for a lie \if i spilt my guts, it would make a mess we can't clean up \if you follow me, you will only get lost \if you try to get closer, we'll only lose touch \yes you already know too much, and you're not going anywhere "
ha well driving through that storm was  scary 
i really   want my red hair back 
so i guess what i'm feeling is like a beautiful sadness 
"no more attempting to be something that everyone else wants  either like me for how i am, or leave  it's your choice "
i'm still actually quite pissed about what happened at lunch 
"poor, poor mr  pushover   never had a doubt, now you're going crazy "
pretty sure i just found the best lady gaga cover ever 
"you\ and i wake up in jail together, only using four words what would you \say to me? (note: if you comment you must play along, copy and paste \this to your status )"
i should have taken the <propmale> when i had it  because now i regret not taking it 
"oh hey, i don't feel like seeing your face on my newsfeed "
"how do you say goodbye, when you've hardly said hello?"
"der himmel, zieht sich zu \ihr letzter traum, bleibt ungeträumt  ?"
"i'm probably one of the most blunt, short-tempered people i know"
"look alive, sunshine "
"i really, really want to dye my hair friday smile "
finished cupcakes today  lucky this year some girl didn't steal mine because this time i only had two and decided to give one of them to someone love 
"read between the lines, what's fucked up and everything's alright  check my vital signs to know i'm still alive and i walk alone "
<propmale> way's bright red hair? omg
oh 
there is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a <propmale> when you really don't 
i still laugh about that girl who called me a poser for liking mcr every now and then  people who are the real posers entertain me 
"please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance & equal rights   93% won't copy and paste this     will   you        make it your status for at least one hour?      ? promote love & acceptance, not hate "
"the lovers are loving, but the lovers, they hate me too "
"your knife, my back  my gun, your head "
"besides, people should judge more on a person's personality than how they look, or what they do  pesonality is the most important thing  at least to me "
oh my god  what the hell is that
being sick sucks 
"ha so, if you see me tomorrow morning, but not at like lunch or after, i'm probably dead from being sick and going to dance 1st hour  ohkay "
"i can be sweet, just like reeses, i can be cruel, shred you to pieces  i can be your savior, undertaker, i can be the love of your life, or your heartbreaker "
the dance floor is my stage 
"i am so retarded, why do i do the things that i do ?"
"nobody gets how much i actually try   it doesn't work so well, that i know of anyway  \so i'm stopping  \starting tomorrow "
i am not doing very good this morning   annoyed 
i hate it when i buy a bag of air and there's chips in it 
this song for some reason makes me look forward to winter 
ugh my math test sucked  but i'm still holding my 4 0  smile  i'm pretty proud of myself 
"post this as your status and see what people say about you  \i love your _________ \"""""
i love whitnee's face and the essay she wrote 
i hate the fact that everytime someone im's me on facebook it freezes me computer for about  5 minutes 
"who wore purple today? \and who else is gonna wear pink on the 27th? n_n"
i like   your face 
leih mir deine flügel 
"love, give me love, give me love, i don't need it, but i'll take what i want from your heart, and i'll keep it in a bag, in a box, put an x on the floor, give me more, give me more, give me more "
i never went to the choir concert  i wanted to  but didn't  but oh well  i'm going to watch how to train your dragon now 
i just slept for 14 hours  oh 
"i don't think anyone knows how much i'd use a 'nobody cares' button on here  \i'm so mean, omg "
i really dislike rain   indecision 
you are so amazing 
i will win this war > laugh 
"no, no no no no  this is not fair  ohmygod i can't cough and hiccup at the same time  i'm going to e playful lode, omg annoyed "
"so let me say, that i love you  you're all i've ever wanted, all i ever dreamed of to come  and yes you did come  love "
"you spin me right round baby, right round, like a record baby, right round, round round "
"<propmale>, don't even start it~"
on the phone with pretty much the most amazing person  ever 
lol i love fakes  i love people who think that the people faking someone is that actual person even more 
poor taco time annoyed 
"i'm not what you want me to be, sorry "
"like this status, and i promise you   absolutely nothing with happen "
pretty sure i'm screwed in my digital media class  confidential 
i'm rather nervous to go back to school tomorrow  
i'm definitely not like anyone else  
omg i just woke up from a like 2 hour nap and i still can barely keep my eyes open  eugh 
"when you see my face, hope it gives you hell "
so who remembers the halloween where we wore christmas hats instead of costumes? smile 
i don't think i'm anyone's dream girl 
"she's just a little girl, she knows nothing of this little game we like to play "
i'm pretty sure that right there made my life 
noomi rapace is my new favorite actress 
"could somebody please e playful lain to me why people get so worried about me being mad at them  it's like it eats away at them or something  most of the time it has nothing to do with you and i'm in a pissy mood so don't even freaking ask what you did, or why i'm pissy  none of your business anyway  ugh  if you can't tell, i'm in one of those moods now, ugh "
"okay, it's nice you're happy about lil <propmale> getting out of jail  but holy shit i'm tired of seeing it everywhere i freakin look  i don't care  at all  he obviously deserved to go because he broke the law  just because he is famous doesn't make him any more special than anyone else who has broken the law "
going to the play tonight   smile 
<propmale> way is attractive  no matter what hair color he is sporting 
l-o-l at the vicious mood i'm in 
"how is it that it's 4 smile 0 pm, and i just barely woke up?"
i'm too nice for my own good  i wish i could be meaner to the people that deserve it 
"i'm not here for your entertainment, you don't really want to mess with me tonight  just stop and take a second, i was fine before you walked into my life "
"what you doing friends of mine? holding back, friends of mine? i've always heard you calling "
i have such a headache today annoyed 
i feel like i just annoy people when i talk to them
just got home  ugh the most fun i've had for a long time   smile 
"so this weekend has been pretty awesome, if i do say so myself "
i still have a ton of writing all over my hands
"when the sun drips down bedding heavy behind, the front of your dress all shadowy lined, and the droning engine throbs in time with your beating heart "
ugh it was so cold tonight
oh and that damn fish that jumped up and scared the shit out of me  yeah that was fun   laugh 
i'm so cold  i'm so cold  i'm so cold  i'm so cold  i'm so cold  omg <propfirst> i am blaming you for this c:
"would someone please e playful lain, the reason for this strange behavior?"
only 4 more days  love 
im the kinda human wreakage that you love
"sing it for the boys, sing it for the girls, everytime that you lose it,sing it for the world, sing it from the heart, sing it til you're nuts, sing it out for the ones that'll hate your guts, sing it for the deaf, sing it for the blind, sing about everyone that you left behind  sing itfor the world "
grace <propfemale> is so adorable  though i thought she was a boy at first  
"if i worked on homework, and missing work as much as i work on personal <propmale> projects, i'd still have my 4 0 "
curling my hair  not something i normally do but i am now for kicks
"listen up, the future is bulletproof, the aftermath is secondary, it's time to do it now and do it loud, killjoys, make some noise "
grace <propfemale> is so adorable 
"look alive, sunshine "
ugh this is going to be the longest half hour of my life
"they said all teenagers scare the livin shit outta me, they could care less, as long as someone will bleed, so darken your clothes or strike a violent pose, they may leave you alone but not me "
"i got my copy of danger days, therefore i am one happy camper"
"if my velocity starts to make you sweat then just don't let go\\and if their heaven ain't got a vacancy\\then we just, then we just, then we just, then we just\\get up and go"
can i be the only hope for you? because you're the only hope for me 
"you don't believe in god, i don't believe in luck, they don't believe in us, but i believe in the enemy"
easy peasy pumpkin peezy pumpkin pie motherfucker!
i still remember when a girl called me a poser for liking mcr (; that day was probably the best laugh of my life
it seems that i have run out of things to say to you 
"<propmale>, you are not getting me anything for christmas "
"<propfemale> loves the beat and the lust it commands, drop the dagger and lather the blood on your hands <propmale>"
"only been two days since i started aerobics, and it's already kicking my ass"
"i hate the fact that whenever someone im's me on here, it completely freezes my computer up for at least 5 minutes"
i feel like such a creeper sometimes omg
just got off the phone with someone amazing 
just going to watch life on the murder scene to pass time   laugh 
easy peazy pumpkin peezy pumpkin pie mother fucker
"i am in one of the worst moods right now, oh god this can't be a good thing "
that game was the most ridiculous thing i think i've ever played 
"we can leave this world,\leave it all behind,\we can steal this car if your folks don't mind,\we can live forever if you've got the time "
i think this is the first year in like 4 years that i haven't taken choir  i really kinda miss it   indecision 
"i didn't go to the concert tonight, sadly "
"guys, i need to admit something  i am a total dumb shit because i accidently mistaked a car for another car  omg guys i am such a fucking failure to humanity d:"
"everybody wants to change the world, but nobody, nobody wants to die "
ugh omg why does everybody hate me now
i wish i could have lived in the 1950's 
"it's a sad day when people care more about the fact that paramore broke up, than the fact that dadt was repealed "
"just about to make some christmas cards, i might as well  anybody else want one?"
<propmale> stop it no you dont
don't mind while i delete the majority of my pictures albums
"i love, love, love it when people accuse me of having bad english, when they themselves cannot spell, nor distinguish differences between words like 'your, and 'you're' , and so on  it's great"
"a <propfemale> bullet and a gun made of gold, she was covered in blood last seen in san <propfirst>"
i've had quite the weirdest obsession lately 
i really want some pizza
how do you say goodbye when you've hardly said hello?
i'm your biggest fan 
"we raise our glass, now heres to you: f-u-c-k y-o-u "
"not gonna lie, i dislike more people than i like "
together we'll dance in the dark 
i was pretty sure i was going to die after school today 
"be careful what you wish for, cause you just might get it  smile "
"attempting to finish my personality mask for psychology  really dunno what to put on it, hah "
"and i promised myself that i'd do anything, anything at all for them to notice me "
"i'm in one of those stupid fucking moods where you could say something, anything, and i could probably find a fight in it, and probably rip your fragile mental health to bits "
that settles it  never will i ever go into a new york city subway 
"stupid presentations for classes  annoyed  it's not fair, i get so shaky d:"
"when i grow up, i wanna be famous, i wanna be a <propfemale>, i wanna be in movies "
i'm having mixed feelings between nervous and excited for tomorrow  indecision 
sometimes you gotta act like you don't care 
"there is this girl, she is asian but she is <propfemale> too  so she knows chinese and all that but she has this <propfemale> accent and she lives in ireland and she is sooo adorable "
"i don't want to let you go, but my hand hurts to hold the rope "
<propfirst> i am excited about this! we need to make it happen   smile 
this is getting to be harder than i e playful ected  i am totally out of ideas now  hmmph 
ugh still attempting at designing that  it needs to be something that works for both and i can't figure anything yet  hmmph 
today was great  i met so many new and beautiful people love 
i love the fact they played <propfemale> minaj at challenge day today too
i cannot wait for my 18th birthday 
"i get attached so easy, but i can forget just as quick "
facebook is so boring today  what is this?
"a <propfemale> bullet, and a gun made of gold, she was covered in blood last seen in san <propfirst> "
"i told myself, i'm tired of holding up your backup plans "
jordaannn <propfirst>  smile  hey
"over-thinking ruins you  ruins the situation, ruins the moment, twists things around, makes you worry, and generally just makes everything much worse than it actually is "
well this just sucks   annoyed 
living here is so frustrating 
what's so good about picking up the pieces?   what if i don't even want to?
"the kids don't care if you're alright hunny, pills don't help but it sure is funny "
this is getting to be extremely ridiculous 
i better be able to go on the 4th dammit   smile 
what a thing to get back on to 
amor vincit omnia 
anyone want to be kind enough to go get me some arby's curly fries? haha 
"well, what a day "
"someday i'll drive, close both my eyes \we swim in circles in the blue lights \and i just want to fade away into the sky under the sea \a million kisses underwater as we walk into the ocean "
"ladies and gentlemen, i introduce the selfish machine "
i had a mini revolution today 
the best of us can find happiness in misery 
"if we didn't have stupid thoughts, we'd have no interesting thoughts at all "
"i keep telling myself, you know this is the last time  but it just keeps happening "
the nice weather is gone  annoyed 
only a month; ?
"inspiration for my tattoo?\i found some "
"the haters are hating, the haters they hate me  the lovers are loving, but the lovers, they hate me too "
tell me something sweet to get me by 
"all my life, i've been good, and now ohhh i'm thinkin what the hell?"
passed my test;3
i luv my friends  smile 
it's so hard to be a <propfemale> in a rhinestone world 
one week from today c:
"don't be a drag, just be a <propfemale> "
"i hate math  and when i say hate, i mean i really, really loathe it "
"for some people is it like tomorrow to them already? cause my birthday is tomorrow, not today  playful  but thanks to everyone who has posted so far  love "
got my license smile 
"if anyone wants tickets to lady gaga tomorrow, we have 8 extra tickets for $75 dollars each "
"regarding those tickets, if anyone is interested, theyre $75 a ticket, section 138, row 18, seats 1-8 "
"i've never been so true, but if my heart was still beating, it would be for you "
its nice being right up next to the stage   smile 
"so i took a couple videos last night, and after the show i went to watch them and all you can hear is static  -__- it was so loud my phone didn't pick up the sound that well  i'll post pictures later though "
it's great being sick  just  great 
"i'll tell you all how the story ends,\well, the good guys die and the bad guys win  who cares?"
"a fire burns today, of blasphemy and genocide  the sirens of decay will infiltrate the faith fanatics "
today has been the worst day i've had in a long time 
"today, i felt really short  probably because i wasn't wearing shoes, which give me like an inch to my height, haha "
today is so dumb and weird  i dunno why i even came 
"hold my heart, it's beating for you anyway "
"it's okay, i like the taste of shaving cream "
new shoes?
"all your quirks and all your problems, even your depressions and your failures, that's what makes you, you \- <propmale> way "
i guess you could say i have a knack for messing good things up with important people 
my new shoes got here today   smile 
i am so sore from today  but it was awesome and amazing 
"the kids don't care if you're alright hunny, pills don't help, but it sure is funny "
