f0005b5bc5b0e4c55291caa4e99d49e9
new york dolls last night at the paradise!!!! holy crap!!
haven't been on here in weeks!!! what's up everyone
it's only tuesday??? are you serious!!!!!!
had too much sun yesterday  i'm like a <propfemale> pie
had my palms read today in a flea market 
will be in <propfemale> til the 27th  relaxing 
"dance party, insanity, more insanity  to meghan: how did we get up the stairs again?"
on the job hunt   anyone know of anyone who knows anyone who is   hiring?
"hey folks, my sis <propfemale> and i will be showing a couple paintings at the washington street <propmale> center this sat, <propfirst>  24! it is at 321 washington street in somerville from 6-9p  there will be a dj and i believe free beer!! get there!"
"<propmale> show! 6-10p, not 9! more time to seeeeeeee <propmale>!"
"will someone please get this shit out of my lungs? theraflu, i am over drinking you  i think <propfemale> or whiskey may do the trick "
two little days left at my job   
is anyone else fed up working mondays and tuesdays?
is trying to make sunday night endless for fear of a monday work day   boooooooo!!!
beer pong never seems to get old! i love you beer!
napping in the rainy weather  ahhh i am so lazy
ummm does anyone want to start a not so serious cover band? i play bass  anyone?
i am hungry  someone feed me 
new slate  starting this week  figuring things out
i want a longboard  i want a longboard 
"when life is a shit show, sometimes ramen noodles rock"
is having a terrible day  someone say something funny  i know you guys have some sick humor for me
"wow, you guys are amazing  thanks for the bday luvvvvvvv!! big love to soph abs , <propmale> and daddio for the amazing longboard! the best gift for a 28 year old ever! muuaahhhhh!"
the board is awesome  i am going to fly off one of these days  yes!
"<propfemale> o, will you sing me to sleep every night? i would appreciate it"
i like it on the floor  in my room  but mostly on any floor
i think i just found a grey hair on my head  cool?
drawings happening this week? i think so
can't sleeeeeeeeeeeep!!!!!!
"baby, i'm afraid of a lot of things but       "
ate like a fatty now gonna try on new pants   whatever
come join the revolution! get <propfemale> selfff a constitution!!!
shit on a shingle
"flipping the pages like crazy, can't see the words "
"v e g a s get ready! if you need me in the morning, you can find me at the oxygen bar nursing my hangover"
not sure if my brain is back to reality  thank you vegas     
hangover saturday    
"photoshoot, demo, fagettes for president, watch out"
"do what you feel now, electric feel now   why does that song never get old to me?"
"tonight!! fagettes at brighton music hall! last minute show! 9p, no cover! it's the old harper's ferry! we are first to play!"
"come see the fagettes tonight!! at the cantab in central sq  we might be going on last, don't miss it!!!!! show starts at 9!"
much love to everyone who made it out fri and sat to see us play  you guys are awesome! fagettes!!!!
please let today be the day when i get my act together
am in love with the 50s and 60s stations on my free xm 
nyc this weekend! don't come looking for me   i might not return
can you mix nyquil with klonopin? or will i not wake up? i probably shouldn't do that 
was i in a movie this weekend?
fagettes playing at great <propfirst> this tuesday for boston rocks for japan to benefit the red cross! get there!
i met <propfemale> smith the other day  yup 
