2a76846808a577aa4b0679391c88af74
i wanna touch your face  i wann touch your soul  i wanna wear your face! i wanna burn your soul!
"you ask me what i believe? i believe in \your\"" ignorance"""
hooya boats
is with family
"almost punched the lieutenant jg in the teeth, but    i calm now!"
says hooyah!
has 5 on it!
is ?
"is ?, not ??"
just got ipod nano  yessir
the limits of the dead! (dont ask)
got my nipples pierced on saturday! hurt like hell but i love em
just bought a new car!!!! 03 nissan sentra specv se-r  happy as hell!!!!!  smile 
"in the middle of the atlantic sea, nothing but blue around me!!! yup still online! love this sh*t  smile "
went on a little rant  sorry  have had a tough couple of weeks  i'm better now 
pray for me
whats motivation without a reason?
everything is going good today!
"crucibel, thats the name!!! for my movie  mom you know what im talking about!! good idea right?"
"just went to drb, got interviewed by like 10 chiefs, senior chiefs, and our master chief about these charges  no mast    yet! god its a pain in the ass!"
"just went through panama  met some locals! lol, cool as hell  im, in the pacific ocean now "
"i play doctor for five minutes flat, before i cut my heart open    and let the air out  three bugs, a pound of dust  some wind spilled before me  in the strangest manner that had broke away my tear spout!!! -slipknot"
"my end, it justifies my means  all i ever do is delay, my every attempt to evade, the end of the road!"
i felt the hate rise up in me  kneel down and clear the stone of leaves  i wander out where you cant see  inside my shell i wait and bleed!
"that place in my mind, is that space you call mine!"
now i know i disappear! i cant find my way from out of here! everything is fading on me! someone tell me    why!
callow man is a sentinel screaming  i see the future; the future is bleeding
"holed up, scarred and tamed for the hell of it look at me, i am the glorified malcontent save me? save this! all i gotta do is give up and all is forgiven"
"oh, how i long to show this world the truth! soon   "
"how does it feel to be locked inside another dream  that never had a <propmale> of being realized? i am infinite, i am the infant finite  come a little closer and i'll show you why"
"now i know i dissappear, i cant find my way from out of here  everything is fading on me  someone tell me, why?!"
"im alive, but with bad news i cant share with anyone  anyways, already seen spain and africa, beautiful land!"
urgh      bad day
"wow, the sea whiz is not your friend  our spin barrel 50 cal  gun likes to go berserk on watch at 3 in the morning and point at you  scary as hell!!! but funny when two people are runing for there lives!! you can only imagine the fun i have on watch!"
another 4 hours of watch coming up  hope the sea wizard minds its p's and q's  i dont feel like pissing myself 
"hope everybody has been watching cnn! thank you , fucking press! now the nassau is out to look like the assholes! when will this war end?!"
passed my 3m test today  one step closer to my esws pin! now all i have is basic and advanced dc (damage control) 
"i did the workout from hell tonight  i fell like i got hit by a train! and the protien drink afterwards sucked ass!!! oh well, cant win em all   smile  gonna hate it in the morning, but i guess its worth it "
"working hard or hardly working  i cant decide sometimes! lol, life is good, for once i dont feel like complete shit!  smile "
gently
"sigh, i got out of yet another mast case against me  dont know how i do it! by all rights i should be in jail  or court marshalled  some how i manage to not get in any trouble what so ever  oh well, just a matter of time  oh quick update, i still hate life  in brighter news, my deployment is nearing its ugly end  thank christ!"
this face will never change! accept it!
"me and a couple <propfemale> buddies of mine were listening to miley <propmale> and dancing while washing dishes  not sure if that falls under the dont ask, dont tell policy   smile "
until the day i die   
"is \gehenna mori\"""""
"thank you all for the birthdays wishes, should be home soon"
"sorry, the <propfirst> name followed a genre that i am no longer associated with "
"i dont know who i am, im not sure if i'll ever know, but i know what i want to be   "
"in italy, going to rome today"
im on a boat!
"guinness, baileys, and jameson = good day "
"home! to <propfemale>, not looking foward to it "
"in philly, safe and sound  2 hour delay then im on the way home  fun   "
"bored, bored, bored    sigh"
"i think i pinched a nerve in my leg, i might have some sort of nerve or muscle damage and i can barely move my leg  the ships doctor wasnt very helpful, he said i had nothing wrong with me and recommended motrin  this sucks, and im having a hell of a time getting around the ship "
feeling better  
"good day    my leg doesnt hurt anymore, i got my car out of storage and it still runs after 8 months, and all the tires where full of air(no flats)  and now im going over my friends house to enjoy delicious carbs from <propfemale> ds  yup this is a successful day   laugh "
"back in norfolk    thank god, new york is e playful ensive        "
kinda blank right now    lot on my mind i guess 
"painting the ship right now    urgh  anyways cant get turbo off my mind, next thing for my car is stage ii turbo <propfemale>, gonna cut header and re-weld ram horns    yea, nice "
"cant get turbo off my mind, next thing for my car is stage ii turbo <propfemale>, gonna cut header and re-weld ram horns    yea, nice "
our revenge will be the laughter of our children - <propfirst> sands
"i dont care how old, \tool\"" is still the best band ever!!!"""
    bought a new hat  not much else going on
"does anybody know who a perfect circle is?????????? omg, the absolute best!"
"ive come to realize that facebook is a place for close friends and family, im tired of looking at peoples comments and posts that i dont even talk to anymore, so if you find yourself not my friend on here anymore dont get offended, i just dont need you as a facebook friend"
i am the zebra painted flower pirate!!!
im in cuba
"well, i had two anxiety attacks 10 seconds apart from each other the other night, the worst ones ive ever had!! absolutly the most scariest and helpless feeling in the world, kinda scared, but got to keep it a secret though because the navy shuns against such things  sad "
$100 was put on the table and i won it all on a $20 buy in  texas hold em  winning hand triple 2's
i guess its a good thing im not going to japan    call it intuition
"have you ever sat in the back of your mind and looked out? gave yourself peace? go to that one vunerable place that is yours to hide from the world? imagine if everyday was like that, your problems would become meaningless, and your past memories vauge    and so said      -<propfirst> <propmale>"
schism on display   
"as my naval career comes to a close i just want to say thank you to everyone who has been so supportive over the last few years, its hard being away from family and friends, but i did meet alot of good people and saw some beautiful countries along the way    thank you again"
mother <propfirst> won't you whisper something but the past and done  why can't we not be sober 
"tomorrow is an eventful day, wish me luck    hopefully i wont get scared  mom nevermind, youll find out when i get home "
i love trailor park boys     ive been watching it none stop
bought a hot shot gat from a north end guinea- milla jovovich in puscifer
"now you're weeping shades of cozened indigo\got lemon juice up in your eye, eye\when you pissed all over my black kettle\you must've been   \                    -<propmale>"
i miss her already!!  sad 
everyone should see the video i posted     the pot by tool
well everyone    today is my last day in the navy!!!
going home sunday!!
im in kentucky   
anyone familiar with peyote??
"to all my fb friends, in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 9  i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb         ~ ? ~ happy mother's day"
i did not test my iq!!!!!!
 g\\
going shooting with dad!! s&w ar-15 and 9mm sub
happy mothers day to all mothers!!!!! sorry <propfemale> but im taking the pic down now!  smile  love you
oooooh    i want a  600 nitro e playful ress magnum!
ok    saving for the  50 beowulf by <propfirst> arms   
