2382eeba332f59ff29cf63a839a33f9a
has great friends
is happy his brother will join him in princeton tomorrow 
got a cool japanese headband
every man is an island
is about to cut his hair  objections?
got a haircut!
http annoyed  ca news yahoo com s capress 091008 world eu_nobel_literature
is happy sorina is coming to princeton
it's a new day
has a gold medal  in taekwondo 
when will i stop spilling liquids?
loves correlation coefficients
hates correlation coefficients
is going home!
is home
is addicted to tap tap revenge on his ipod and thinks it could make a great e playful erimental paradigm for studying motor learning
870 900 math gre
first interview! harvard - january 21-24
<propfemale> christmas!
slept from 11pm to 7am! it's a christmas miracle!
found the magic water  it makes an incredible coffee!
have a wonderful 2011 everyone!
"2nd interview: carnegie mellon, 11-13 feb"
is sick of data
"3rd interview: columbia, 24-27 feb"
is coming back
is back
is back: spelman 73 feels like    home?!
4th interview: caltech! california here i come   
"5th interview: ucl gatsby! first in europe, yay!!!"
in boston
the rumors are true: harvard is awesome
needs paper filters
is mad at himself
built an igloo
is sick of plains and trains
"my harvard e playful erience \has been deferred\"""""
"got into caltech, carnegie mellon"
is happy
got into columbia and he's lovin it
is suspended above the atlantic; as soon as my wave function collapses i will know where the future lies; let's just hope i don't fall into the ocean   
it happened! marius will do his phd in london!!!!
baked 4 cozonaci
went there and back
 sad  thesis does not want to write itself
pain is weakness leaving the body
commencing countdown engines on - 5
has discovered hyperlinks and bookmarks in latex!
5am and thesis looks good! - 4 days left (or was it 3?)
one (1) day left!
thesis submitted  freedom awaits 
wishes the bugs would stay away
is taking the day off
has defended his kingdom from the invasion of the readers
this is it  i am officially done with princeton academics and eager to move on with my life 
is happy about his thesis grade
us world cup soccer team is currently training at princeton on our stadium     just thought i'd throw this out there
"copied from wikipedia: oxford claims 47 nobel laureates and 3 fields medallists as well as 25 british \prime ministers and 12 christian saints amongst its staff and alumni"
2 days until graduation and then    home sweet home
graduated
has left princeton
"is home, but his ipod and wallet are not   "
watched his first post-graduation movie today: across the universe  he was freaked out to find that the first 30 mins of the movie happen nowhere else but in princeton  coincidence? cosmic conspiration?
just made his first curry ever and is happy about the results
off to budapest!
budapest 
is not sure whether he is watching football or some other sport
im berlin!
in bonn
it's oh so quiet   
ha ha ha     i've exhausted facebook's recommended pages!
has completed sc2:wings of <propfemale> on hard  now i can get to work   
fill in the blank: 'marius has a license to    '
went up and down 1300m today and was excited about it but now is mostly just sore and tired 
gmt 0
phd vacation #1: sep 19th - oct 3rd
"just went mushroom picking (in a real <propmale>, not on farmville)"
made apple pie
"is moving into his new home this coming wednesday! come visit at 5 northview, islington, london, uk "
back in london
"has the cheapest room in london  plenty of money left to visit friends in exotic places, anyone?"
is officially no longer homeless!
is joining the ucl taekwondo club!
"facebook question: why does the keypad of the atm have braille on it?\\most voted answer: do you wear a helmet when you go out in public?"
"read on the walls of the british library this morning: 'there are two ways to know a subject  one is to know it yourself, the other to know where to find information about it '"
"in england, food is priced in pounds pound "
"biked to work in 19 minutes - that's a bit faster than the bus, but he can bike faster    he knows he can "
they took my bike lights!
made tea! (for 20 gatsbyites)
accidentally landed on gail com and had a good laugh about what he found there
"remember, remember the 5th of november! going to the guy fawkes night fireworks  it shall be a blast!"
theorem (<propfirst> latham): 1d dynamics are boring 
"first time cycling through london rain and it's    wet  a fine adventure still, especially with the wind blowing sideways  steering has never been so much fun   "
dreamt he was walking on the <propfemale>  he also dreamt he updated his facebook status to say he had walked on the <propfemale> 
the internet has arrived at my place!
getting home in one piece was a challenge today 
snow! (wonders if he'll be able to bike to the gatsby tomorrow because of the mountains of white fluffy snow that will have accumulated)
"the warranty on my new headphones says the following: '(   ) however this creative warranty does not cover normal wear and tear, abnormal usage (   )  damages arising from an *act of god* and theft ' what????"
is packing
back in town!
forgot to facebook this: probably was on the the last flight to leave heathrow when the big bad snow happened; is extremely grateful to    blind luck! for not booking a different flight 
london calling    
"has an amazing new chair, which goes well with his amazing desk"
"lord norwich tried to mend the electric light \it struck him dead-and serve him right! \it is the duty of the wealthy man \to give employment to the artisan "
"is doing a us tour! plane tickets as follows annoyed leg 1: london - boston\leg 2: nyc - salt lake city\leg 3: las vegas - london\aren't multi-city tickets wonderful?"
made pound cake for tea!
exams are what makes life worth living  oh wait    that's not it 
black swan
will be in boston this saturday!
is using the kiss framework to design his poster
got 167 180 on his neuroscience exam and is now bragging about it  he almost doesn't care anymore that his poster is such a big mess    
is coming back
is looking for a word
"has had a great time at 10miytbncco in cambridge with keisuke ishihara, <propfirst> gelbart, genya frenkel and <propmale> roberts but has now moved to princeton "
"has a great time in princeton, now that the presentation is behind"
"has been to salt lake city, snowbird mountain resort, <propmale> canyon, <propfemale> dam, antelope canyon, monument valley, goosenecks (really loved this one), grand canyon, hoover dam, las vegas and is about to fly back to london  great road trip, there is beauty in the desert "
