0b3acb3c0f43267ef87c4e3410a98855
is breathing a sigh of relief   
can't wait to go back to school   
missing his son and daughter daily   
just got out of traffic and have to get back in it: hair cut time (after my second shower)   
just got out of the pool and it feels great   
just saw towelhead by accident; whoever wrote this movie is a beast! great film; it will make a lot of people mad   
thinking about the 12 hour drive ahead   
"is having a great day, cheers!!"
"once again, i had a supreme day  perhaps, i spoke too early: it isn't over yet  regardless, it's been pretty good "
the universe comes at you indiscriminately  deal with it 
da bears blew on sunday  damn    turned of game and started sunday dinner  i am looking forward to the cavs' season opener   
good shit over the last week  see you in 2010 and beyond (you know who you are) 
happy new year to all my family and friends    hope the your new one is better than the last   
"don't drink and drive and don't ride with anybody who does  tipsy tow offered by aaa: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk butt and your car home for free  save this number: 1-800-222-4357  please re-post this if you don't mind "
"dey shootin', dey shootin'    "
is going through withdrawal from too much home cooking  pizza time!
how sweet it is to be loved by me   
sometimes things go your way    <propfemale> those moments 
start work today    sort of have mixed feelings because school is now on the backburner   
bagged another interview for tuesday    jobs are like women: they don't want you unless you're already taken   
going to and fro in the earth and up and down in ti 
looks like the brother nailed another gig    good two weeks 
just bagged a new job  so things are turning around 
happy mother's day 
thanks to all who thought to acknowledge my day    i'm still walking to and fro on the earth and up and down in it     the next three days i'm going to be hard to reach   
"i know everybody's feeling it, but this heat is oppressive "
hopefully kobe and the boys pull it out tonight 
happy friday long weekend!
hope everyone is getting it in today    bbqing and enjoying each other    stop the violence
"today is my occ day, for those that know"
feels going into the 2nd half with a 10 point lead   
"guess it's like up 13 with 5 minutes to go, lakers   "
the weekend has begun 
weekend's been nice so far   hope yours is too 
"and on the sixth day, he made privacy <propfemale> and saw that it was good   "
weekend was nice and uneventful  just lazy <propfemale> around at home    i needed that   
cleanliness is next to sexiness   
good morning all  
privacy <propfemale> is awesome 
pain so deep that it erodes the foundation of love   
half way point of the week now    morning and much success to you all   go blackhawks!
i'm tired of being preached to by the nuthouse escapees mornings    they should ask their god for cars   
feels good to be spoiled for the hell of it   
go hawks!!!
morning all    damn it feels good to be on the downslope of the week 
listening to old tribe   
red jerseys painting our great city today    we are the champions!!
my weekend has begun!
"atrue friend doesn't care if you're broke, yourhouse is a mess, or your family is filled with crazies   they love youfor who you are  atrue friend can go long periods of time without speakingand never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enoughto have at least one                  true friend!! thanks <propfemale> cotten beck!"
you have to be clean to get nasty   
"ain't nothin' sweet  you weren't there for me fuckin' with the street  shit is real  we know the deal so we pack steel  we be the individuals livin' relentless, packin' automatic weapons and bullet proof vest   "
ain't it cool how parties spontaneously come together?
ain't it cool how parties spontaneously come together?
good morning all! let us start our work week out rested and relaxed  i know i am   
good day today making the doughnuts  hopefully this is a preview of the whole week 
1 down  4 to go  let's put today behind us in the same fashion as monday   
"ok lakers, get it together!"
hump day!! top of wed and i hear remy and your body calling   
"if you don't know, act like it   "
"morning all! thursday, and i'm feeling hot  always be closing! let's start the weekend push  who's got the first round?"
"tonight i'm collecting from celtics' fans    anyone else want to wager? no wolf tickets, funds must be held by a third party and deposited within one hour before tip off "
let's go lakers!
i want my dough in clean new boy 50s  you know who you are  lakers baby 
friday: the end of the work week and i'm ecstatic  i killed all the noise last night when my boys put the game out of reach with put back basket from pao gasol
happy father's day to us all     a special shout out to those who want but can't have    love!
"once again, another wednesday: halfway over, the week is and hot! do your best to beat the 94 degrees that chicago is getting today  remember, and it's especially true in the summer, the freaks come out at night "
"thursday! time to wrap up all outstanding projects feasible  to all wolves: go in for the kill today, close mofos  let's do this "
"\half on a baby\"" kels"""
thursday is half way through!
abc    always be closing! alright crew    great close out for thursday    let's crush it friday    only one to go  
"friday, sure to be a hot one  let's wrap up the week in style "
end of the week people    be safe and cool
"i can’t, get to work on time, can’t believe the words to her i just said but who the hell argue and fight like dogs at 6 in the morning? i know its gonna be some more shit tonight our pastor’s callin, tellin me i done went too far in i’m seen around town and my friends can’t recognize me   "
<propfirst> is crushing the jacko tribute right now 
drake's doing it    kill it b!
"day one leading into the holiday weekend, a long one for most of us, let's pull it off smoothly  to all my wolves: stalk and close in on your prey, then kill swiftly    abc!"
home with a sore throat   
morning all! let the weekend begin with a huge bang  i'm riding 'till the wheels fall off  to my wolves: great job this week  can't ask for nothing more--or can i?
"i just wanna be, i just wanna be successful"
"just a thought on my extended weekend: all these boys (supposedly men), who have children and the opportunity to see them, but don't take advantage of it, you will regret it hardcore one day    the dissappointment in your babies eyes is akin to wells of sorrow  think about it "
"just a thought on my extended weekend: all these boys (supposedly men), who have children and the opportunity to see them, but don't take advantage of it, you will regret it hard core one day    the disappointment in your babies' eyes is akin to wells of sorrow  think about it "
"lebron in south beach       damn      still stings, though i'm not surprised "
friday and money is in the air    
great close out for the week renegades (and wolves)  may your weekend be full of rest & relaxation  let's kill this cycle on monday!
"good times  must admit, i'm not doing anything this weekend  watching public enemies tonight, the <propfirst> depp joint  get my son for a week next weekend! i'm flying high  enjoy yourselves people and be safe "
"offer: american pit bull terrier puppies, pure, and coming soon  hit my inbox for details "
fuck the three amigos of south beach!
http annoyed  bleacherreport com articles 417560-lebron-james-decision-10-reasons-why-the-bulls-didnt-get-king-james
http annoyed  bleacherreport com articles 419107-now-lebron-and-bosh-are-gone-what-are-all-30-teams-working-on-now
taking the family to the parade and the air show this weekend  wish me luck 
watching team usa go at <propfemale>   
someone literally brought the funk with them today    feel like cta's trying to exterminate me with noxious fumes   
"yesterday it was funk, today some une playful lained delay (hours): it's official-if there is a god, then it is hell bent on making me sleep deprived and generally ill tempered "
i picked the only carrier that has no coverage in the subway     sprint customers should revolt: the bills are high enough
and so starts the friday commute: with an early start and hopes of a <propfemale> finish   
full tank in your focus: about $34 00; riding the cta: $84 00 per month  girl with no gag reflex: priceless!
kicked croatia in the ass yesterday    getting in slovenia's ass today  go team usa!
"children with special needs do not have an illness & it is not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted can i make a request of anyone? are you willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all    children who need a little extra help and    understanding!"
"visceral, ancient, volatile-but only for you "
help! i am sick of getting notices from people from these  god's message applications  do i have to block them to stop it?
nothing better than a long hot shower at 1am
four day weekend has begun!
at navy pier with the family   
children's museum and bubba gump's    nice day
bbq with the fam    nice 
team usa is killing angola 
"wasted day spent nursing a throbing head, sore throat, and achy stomach   "
time to go bed shopping
i am now 100%  too bad the weekend is over 
team usa gold medal game today @ 1330cst 
true blood in 40 minutes 
chillin in downtown chicago listening to a cover band jam
now what?
now what?
did you ever say damn and meant it?
"visceral, ancient, volatile-but only for you   \share my hidden wounds, my fragility \trusting your discretion; fearing your betrayal \i leap   \falling, not knowing where i will land,\only knowing that it was worth it   \pain revealed in a flash,\for the pleasures of the present,\and the hope of loyalty \will you travel to the end,\or leave swiftly like the wind?"
i truly had a perfect day  i can't complain 
fresh hair cut on a rainy day 
"today was a good day, and it's not over "
i am baking a lasagna tomorrow  just thought i'd put it in the air(something nonpolitical  non atheist promoting) 
"the buick regal came up: i just saw a new one, it looks nice "
babies are in bed    just read them their stories  time for dad to relax 
"the older i get, the more the wife rubs off on me: i'm actually enjoying shopping for beds "
boozer hurt already? wtf!
going to see about meeting rahm <propmale>  take care fb 
i'm out fb to go pig out at red lobster (they paid me for this status) 
"is a straight ally and there are 3 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 99c6d7 "
can anyone recommend a laptop for under $600 00? that's my limit and i'm too lazy to research 
"coppage meal for sunday: greens, macaroni and cheese, roast, yams "
"is a straight ally and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 99c6d7 "
"new look bulls is looking good against toronto in tonight's preseason exhibition game  key word is exhibition and, moreover, toronto; however, if this is a preview of the type of play to e playful ect, we're in for a good ride this season "
sanity is it's own reward  shoeresh coppage
da bears
like if you really like <propmale> 
i like my wire people but <propmale> west is horrible in this punisher warzone joint 
"to my family: the ones who love me-my cuz, the girl; phin, big unc, and the <propfemale> girlz  you know who you are  love you till i'm dust  you live in my mind "
food is good
<propfemale> lost a lot of weight  i wonder how this will affect her skinny bitch tirades?
ghetto shit is tragically funny to a rationalist 
i want civilization v but don't want to pay $50 00  any ideas?
"cousins are there as childhood friends and they are there when we are \older as forever friends  repost this if you have have cousins that make\you smile      "
had a great time partying with <propfemale> students last night 
"lasagna day, with bread and wine "
"first half heat celtics: heat looks over matched  despite the talent, the e playful erience of the c's has been overwelming  stay tuned for the 2nd "
enjoying life with my family!
new look bulls look awesome against portland in the first half  roughly 6 minutes left to go 
boozer's cast comes off by the end of the week!
"bulls looking good in the 3rd quarter  deng is snapping  he's logged 32 so far  at this rate, he may score over 40 tonight  \of course, don't sleep on portland; but, every <propfemale> has its thorn "
"88-73 as we go into the 4th; deng is 2 points from his career high 38  bulls are, however, in foul trouble "
i'm calling this game with 5 smile 6 left in the 4th  at this point: <propfemale> has 12 asts 15pts; deng has 39pts; bulls lead 101 - 88  nice one  we killed them defensively 
memphis  vs lal in 15 minutes 
"the day after the election, and the mood on the street in chicago is sour  disappointment in the election result  oh well "
back in the d   
"this may be anecdotal, but over 70 degrees in november in chicago and detroit metro indicates some validity to global warming to me  although memory cannot serve as evidence, i seriously can't remember this ever occuring at this frequency growing up "
"new word of the day is \boowahs\""  what my son calls breasts """
"children in bed, its miller time "
i love that my daughter understands that she is her brain 
forgive me my inner geek 
"came from a parent teacher conference and sensed i was being snowed  my girl is not being pushed  \solution: i'm on it; i developed a game to help her  it worked  i'm going to tweak it over the next few weeks "
time for a double dose of law & order  i feel myself aging in my entertainment choices 
needs the nba league pass 
i'm getting junk mail advertising a seminary class  should i go?
five easy payments of $38 00  nba league pass; should i indulge myself?
decision made  nba league pass here i come  my wife won't let me watch the game  she's made the decision for me  maybe she should pay for it 
<propfemale> stiles and <propfirst> weller are awesome this year on <propmale> 
"kudos to science for one of the greatest inventions of the 20th century, the electric toothbrush "
"very good day today  kids are just slightly destructive, and i had no <propmale> blow ups  pretty good "
"contrarians are just as cancerous as fundamentalists \-<propfirst> saunders"
"first game of the circus trip turns out good for chicago against <propmale>  they put the rockets away 95 to 92 in a hard fought victory in which <propfemale> carried his squad on his back in the fourth quarter  unfortunately, dark days lie ahead: san <propfirst> tomorrow night and <propfirst> on friday \till then "
"gonna be a good night for your boy  i get to watch the heat go at the suns in about 90 minutes, then the bulls at the spurs right afterwards  the kids are going to bed early "
game time!
don't think i'm gonna finish the heat suns game  miami killed these guys  maybe there will be a miracle in the 4th quarter  doubtful 
"game two of the circus trip  since 1998, they have been unable to win more than three games on the annual road trip through the west  after last night's victory against <propmale>, they take on <propfirst> <propmale> and the spurs  \<propfemale>, short new acquisition <propfirst> boozer and weak at the two, will need to limit turnovers and take over at clutch time; deng, gibson, <propmale>, and the bench will need a solid night "
"da bulls go down in flames  they looked good in the first half, but fell apart in the 3rd  when the 4th came around, the hole proved too deep for chicago  san <propfirst> with <propfirst> <propmale> and old reliable, <propmale> <propmale>, can do that \<propfemale> and the crew go 6-4 for the season and will have a virtually guaranteed loss coming friday against <propfirst>  with their 103-94 victory, the spurs record stands at 9-1 "
"baby i'm scared of you  i don't believe in magic, i believe, i believe in love everlasting    "
"daddies and donuts at my girl's school today  coffee with a bunch of children, their teachers, and other dads  hopefully she enjoys it "
yes  i purchased the league pass  don't know why i took so long to decide  now i can waste my life away posting on fb and watching the nba  heaven!
anyone see <propfirst> beasley reject kobe last night? that was some cool shit 
why is shopping for beds so @&*(^&# frustrating?!
<propmale> just blocked bron's shit in crunch time  40 seconds left; memphis 95 miami 90 
boston at toronto: is it even worth watching?
heat falls to the pacers in miami! indiana up 16 with 2 minutes to go!
"via <propfirst> <propmale>, thanks annoyed thanks to <propmale> nipp for these verified phone <propfirst>  give these guys a call and let them know what you think about them protesting at soldiers funerals  *you may want to block your number first  smile  \\(785) 273-0325 <propfirst> w  phelps sr , cell\(785) 272-4135 <propfirst> phelps, jr \\(785) 273-0529 <propmale> phelps\\(785) 273-0277 & (785) 273-1080 <propfirst>? roper"
"miami drops third game in a row to <propmale>  less than one minute to go, 100-92, and there are no miracles   "
"suns suffer a gut wrenching loss (123-115) in double ot to the bulls, who, after coming off a loss last night to the lakers, crawl back from a 23 point deficit and go up 3-2 on their annual circus trip  phoenix fails to go above  500, and the bulls have good cards to finish their two week road trip through the west better than they have since <propfirst>'s <propfemale>  sweet "
"happy thanksgiving  i'm thankful for my family, science, reason, and logic  good day!"
hoping <propmale> <propfemale> (neck spasms) can play tonight against <propmale> 
no children today  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat!
"likes boardwalk empire, but for a town that is 40% black, it's kinda light  the production value is through the roof; how much more would it have cost to hire black extras?"
miami challenges <propfirst> at home tonight  your thoughts?
"i'm calling this one in the third: heat drops game to mavs at american airlines center  chandler, nowitski, kid, <propfirst>, etc are giving them the business; 2 surprise 0 left, heat has two time outs remaining, the mavs 5  the heats defense has been poor, their offense stagnant  lebron ineffective, <propmale> neutralized; the supporting staff looks like d-league pick ups  something is rotten in south beach  76-59 "
106-95  heat loses the fourth game out of the last five in <propfirst> 
"and they did it  for the first time since 1998, the bulls finish the circus trip with a winning record, 4-3  96-85 is the final against the kings  \rumor has it that boozer will be playing within one week  hopefully, it's true because the schedule doesn't get any easier "
loves kobe <propmale> because he has won me lots of money over the years from irrational kobe haters 
it's a shame that the majority are rarely guilty of excessive critical thought 
"boardwalk is hilarious tonight  the prohibition enforcement agent just drowned another agent, who happened to be jewish, performing a baptism in front of a black congregation  lmao!"
"washington challenges miami at american airlines arena  with all the talk about the heat's woes, the team has a lot to prove  they cannot possibly stand to lose to a sub  500 team after losing four out of their last five  i don't think they will, but they've disappointed frequently this year  heat fans are surely holding their breath "
creationist arguments serve as proof that humanity shares a common ancestor with apes because it amounts to throwing an inordinate amount of shit against the wall in hopes that some will stick  -shoeresh coppage
"lebron did nothing more than choosing to work for another employer  it's his career  all the general nastiness his actions off season has generated is ridiculous and exhibits extreme stupidity  get a life people! all the shit going on in the world, and you dim wits are up in arms about a man making his own career decisions  i hope the heat grinds the cavaliers into the ground then scrapes them off like dog shit "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories and smiles  this is for a campaign against violence against children "
"a shame the modern mind argues the views of the ancient \-shoeresh coppage"
is really enjoying the bulls thunder game 
bulls take down the lakers for the first time since 12 06  the only player on the roster then? luol deng  <propfemale> and <propmale> score their first victory against the world champs  go bulls!
"watching the clippers climb back from 25 down against soft ass <propmale>  if lac would stop shooting long balls and attack the rim, they'd beat these guys  it's not over, they have 8 minutes left in the 4th and have cut the lead to 8; and, <propmale>'s in foul trouble "
"damn snow day in detroit metro! ever heard of salt and shoveling-oh i forgot, you'd have to pay for that "
saw inglorious basterds for the first time  my <propmale> is still on point  good to know 
"is it just me, or is <propfirst> c hall doing chevy commercials?"
i've missed atlanta playing this year for some reason  about to catch them fighting the celtics 
"maybe there could be a voting system where a candidate's stances on issues could comprise what amounts to their own party  it would give people the <propmale> to vote for the best match to their concerns  then, have the run-off vote between the two most popular \every candidate's priorities should be simply written & available to voters \-<propmale> robinson "
"damn, almost hit a deer "
bucks take heat into overtime 
"bulls take out the celtics 90-79  bogans plays the invisible man, and boozer abuses <propmale>  brewer and <propfirst> do the dirty work  <propfemale>? well, hot damn ya'll 36pts and the highlight reel "
"\that's why i want a new daddy!\"" my six year old after i shut down all of her objections to cleaning her room """
"vote <propmale> <propfemale> for this year's nba all-star game!!! \<propmale> <propfemale> needs your help to be voted the eastern conference's starting pg for this year's all-star game! <propfemale> trails rajon rondo by a very slim margin! all you have to do is text '<propfemale>' to '69622'  you may vote once daily! voting ends january 23rd!"
"watching \god on trial \"" good stuff """
"love my bulls, but i have a baaaaad feeling about saturday   "
"lebronless heat fall down to noahless bulls, 99-96!"
“nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and consciencious stupidity \\,0b3acb3c0f43267ef87c4e3410a98855,loves when ice cold d <propfemale> does some amazing shit that makes <propmale> <propfirst> gundy close his mouth 
forgot how much of a hard ass cpt  picard was 
had to do it; just upgraded the league pass 
noahless bulls put away magic despite <propmale> <propmale>'s 40 pt performance  definitely not a fluke 
"civilization junkie  can't help myself, i'm going to give in and buy 5 "
"homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we \donate\"" billions in tax relief to the wealthiest top 2% who didn't need it in the first place  1% will re- post and 99% won't  please repost this as your status """
"lakers did the damn thing tonight  good stuff, the boys are getting play off ready "
lakers-knicks coming up shortly 
damn: cavs just went into overtime against the clippers 
"important  tomorrow facebook will change its settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening go to accounts   home invasion settings   cannibalism   brains and un-check the \tasty\"" box  please copy and re-post """
boston vs heat coming up shortly!
86-84 cavs up on lal with six minutes to go; i know kobe is about to do some crazy shit 
104-99  cavs beat the lakers (i caught the last 6 minutes)  unbelievable 
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too  thank you for your support  "
i must be bored: watching the all-star practice while waiting on a delivery 
"step 1  deciding the kids need new furniture (beds, dressers, etc)  step 2  comparing all available and reasonable products and deciding on the perfect balance between resources and value  step 3  parting with your hard earned money  step 4  convincing the children that the new shit is better than the old shit \\face palm "
"so, i'm not allowed to watch the dunk contest  guess i'll be drinking tonight  sad "
"ready to watch ice cold d-rose, aka poohdini do the damn thing at the all-star game  ya dig?"
"cavs take out the knicks, melo fouls out at clutch time "
new york at miami; tip off moments away 
the knicks heat game just got real good going into half time 
knicks out away the heat  what a game!
"so my new bedroom set will be here in a few days; the kids have already colored on their new furniture; and i derived pleasure from buying towels, a really cool iron and ironing board  \\a thrill a minute \\what have i become?"
<propmale> just came back from being down 24 pts and put the heat away in miami  awesome game 
"great night for bulls fans: they take out the magic decisively at home  when do the talking heads shut the fuck up and give our boys their props? \\on another note: chicago has miami again on sunday (by the way they have already one the season series by two games), but it looks like the spurs want to spank that ass first-first quarter blow out, 36-12 "
"espn commentators must be blowing lebron, <propmale>, and bosh  they're down by damn near 30 in the 4th, have only beaten one elite team this year, yet these guys are still fawning over the heat "
heat fall to the spurs by 30 
"not a game that anyone cares about, but new jersey and toronto just started a triple overtime "
"if you were buying e playful ensive concert tickers (within the first ten rows), who would you pick: <propfemale> & <propfirst> legend or usher?"
"getting ready for the bulls heat game at 1 surprise 0 est  coach thibs says it's just another game, but a victory today would go a long way to solidify chicago as the second seed  you know the three musketeers and crew are going to come out hard considering they've lost four of the last five  i hear that bosh will play the five and lebron is going to play the four  \\good luck chicago!"
bulls sweep the season series against the heat! see ya' in the post season player  yeah!
heat fall down to trailblazers!
"more crying in the lockerroom, heat have lost five out of the last six "
heat pull it off at home and take out the lakers 
\   sometimes," you got to get a little man hug and keep going   \"" - chris bosh\"0b3acb3c0f43267ef87c4e3410a98855,"ice cold d-rose, aka, the great poohdini; 17 points in the first quarter against utah "
pacers are going hard on the knicks at msg 
"i'm in chicago next weekend, so hit me "
"despite sloppy play from his team mates, deron <propmale> carries the nets across the finish line in a nail biter against the celtics  \\perhaps the bulls are celebrating boston's defeat more than the nets are "
pacers take out the knicks on grangers game winning shot 
need a freethinking barber in oakland county; i just listened to cbn for the last 30 minutes  my intelligence has gone down a few notches 
in chicago visiting this weekend  any free thought events?
"ham, homemade <propmale> and cheese, sweet potatoes, potatoe salad, etc    nice meal today  i should visit more often "
bucks put down the knicks!
"repost this to your own status   to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to face book for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click on it    it is a virus   "
case of the mondays   
bulls killing the hawks: up by 43 with 9 minutes left to play 
"celtics fall down at home to the grizzlies in a nail biter  or maybe they're saving themselves for the playoffs? in any case, chicago now sits atop the east a full game ahead of boston "
knicks crash and burn at home against the lowly bucks  will there be any weeping in the locker room?
<propfirst> <propfirst> thought that he and his boys could come in <propfemale>'s house and take one  not today baby  ice cold d-<propfemale> put that shit down  bulls lead the celtics by 2 games for the top spot in the east 
the grizz just put down the spurs convincingly 
boston falls to indiana 
lakers just punked <propfirst>  good game 
"20 minutes left at work, and off tomorrow  good times!"
"watching the american \death at a funeral\"" again  hilarious!"""
