a58f74e7519fc0a7f77264013b93444f
bored!
eating some churches chicken 
gotta do some homework  gotta football game tommorrow  coach toys gone be pist since i missed practice today  oh well! my defensive coach kno we can't win without one of his startin linebackers 
had the first real football game  we won 26-14  killin my starter position  my defense is unstoppable!
"wow! my football game on tuesday was just lame  we won 52-0, but our opponents just sucked  another game thursday  it's not gonna be as easy    \ i hope it ain't too easy\"" """
beat mansfield 22-0  tough game
tired! need to sleep
"beat herdon 32-6  i was unstoppable today  3 sacks, one safety, and saving a tochdown run  our game record is 5-0 "
chillen at  bout to go outside to friend's house ride around my neighborhood on my bike for the exercise  shreve! hahah
lost to 30-12 to calvary monday  everybody can't be perfect
"went to six flags 10 24 09  came back at 12:15 a m  10 25 09  that was one fun, long, and tiring day "
tired  about to do some homework 
booo! redskins should have won 
<propfemale> christmas!
happy new years to everyone!
i can't be stop on gears of war 2  giving these boys a new years present on xobx live 
been up since eight yesterday  i guess i'll do some push-ups and pull-ups with this multi-training gym thing 
watching some squirrels mess around in my backyard lol  very funny 
both my teams in the playoffs  let's go saints and patriots!
got a basketball game today and saturday 
today was a good day for basketball 
"at school during lunch, leave pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, and dollar bills in my jug to vote into the allstar game "
"someone is missing in my life  but i will use their death as strength and motivation   r i p  dad, march 13, 2008"
if u r brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8 dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: rude   19 annoyed imple   20: strong   21:encouraging
"<propfirst> <propfirst> webb       march 30, 1957 - march 13, 2008          r   i   p  dad "
feeling adventurous right now  i need a vacation 
chillen with my sister  feeling dull as a freaking pencil 
had a very relaxed school day today   hopefully that continues throughout this week and the rest of school 
wow! pda and pdf   why is everyone freaking out about this?  this is nothing new to the school rules   some of the teachers just haven't enforce the rule as much others   making petitions and wearing pdf t-shirts is not going to change anything   then you bring the problem to facebook by making a pdf group and misspelled allowed(chris <propmale>) 
"what's next?  an actual school protest with picket signs   some people are just acting like this was never a rule we had to follow   trying to change a rule that was not only made by the school, but also by the school board is just a waste of time, but if you would rather look like a dummy protesting and get in trouble for it, go ahead because i'm just going to watch and laugh "
"chillen with my mom and riding around town  dang, i got the munchies "
bored  don't feel like sleeping 
feel like the old athletic beast i used to be is dead and gone  but i feel like my body is not healthy  i'm always getting hurt 
"<propfirst> webb 24 more days of school  then off to c e  byrd  playing football and hopefully i'll be a cornerback or wide receiver  whatever i am, i will show you the pain and the sting of the byrd yellow jacket     2014!"
back from new orleans  needed a break from shreveport 
district track meet tomorrow  idk what im running and im having ankle pain  but i'm taking the pain and ready to go sonic the hedgehog on the track 
had the distirict track meet today  i was in two first place runs(4 by 1 and 4 by 2) buckets!  im like sonic the hedgehog and i got a need for speed! i run to win because i'm hungry for 1st place 
chillen with my cousin and grandma
"8th grade is now over  time to go up 4 more huge flights of stairs of education, challenges, and maturity "
lets go lakers! lakers 2010 nba champions
i hate racists  i can't even play my xbox without playing racist people  but there nothing but motivation  i hope i don't have deal with racist at byrd 
workout session for byrd tomorrow  i can see myself in the future; a short and muscular person who jumps like a kangaroo 
feeling kind of sore from workouts this week  no pain though  another workout session tomorrow 
seen the karate kid yesterday  its a pretty good movie
"the byrd freshman football coaches looking at me for running back  when i run, i'm going to be like road runner, but when i get ganged tackle, im going to be like wildy coyote "
had another day of weight training today  feeling stronger already 
lakers baby  5 rings for kobe and <propmale> fisher  (take that shaq) lakers own this decade  kobe is just one ring from <propfirst> <propfirst>  lakers fan forever!
"my father and other older and elderly people had chamberlain, magic, baylor, <propmale>, and other laker legends, but i have kobe <propmale>  ( i'm a real lakers fan, not a bandwagoner) "
needs to find something to do  bored
had another good day of weight training  starting to work on routes and formations  i feel like a few things are missing in my life  is it a problem if you get around a certain person and your whole mood changes?
"life is a slideshow\each moment of your life is a different slide  some slides are good and others are bad  you never want to go through the bad slides, but the bad slides are the negatives and hardships of life and it keeps it together  that is why nobody is perfect  we all have our days of excitement and days of hardships "
"in 1995, an athlete was born  in 2010-2011 an athlete will be unleashed! years later, an athlete will be unstoppable!"
i can't wait until the football season starts  the only team i want to beat is shreve  its all about the c e  byrd yellow jackets!
"run so fast, that you make people think you got slave feet "
"lost another person i loved  i was emotionally destroyed  the pain still haunts my mind  but i will never let anything pull me down and make me weaker  but now, is she in mind just as a memory or as the person i loved, still love, and the person i want back "
"bored man  bout to crank out some push-ups, sit-ups, other general strength exercises  need my own weight set  bout to get stronger, build these abs back up   \was that my left bicep?!  no! that was my abbbbb-b- dominals\""!"""
bored  needs something to do right now and needs something to do for the weekend 
can't wait till football season starts  forget all the other schools  the only team i really want to beat is shreve   its all about the byrd yellow jackets 
bored  trying to setup apps on this blackberry storm 
bored  need something to do  any ideas anybody?
"if your brave, copy this to your status and see what people rate you [1] crazy  [2] wish we went out  [3] talkative  [4] sarcastic  [5]lovable  [6] sexy  [7] strong  [8] dumb  [9] spoiled  [10] mouthy  [11]wild  [12]goofy  [13] funny  [14] awesomly awesome  [15] amazing  [16]beautiful  [17] cute  [18] drama <propmale>  [19] if u love me"
done with my workout session this morning  thinking about hooping at the gym in stoner hill later on 
chillen at my grandma's house  had a few things on my mind lately  should i speak now or should i wait later?
just got done running suicides  no more running for me for the rest of the night 
"niggas know how to please the ghettos and the streets, but gentlemen know how to please a lady "
bout to go to sleep  seven more hours until football workouts  i hope coach <propfirst> is there 
bored and tired  bout to go to sleep  i hope if some of the thoughts i have about my future come to reality 
bored  may go outside for awhile 
"went to the movies with my cousins  i can't believe i actually watched\ despicable me\"" """
needs a place where i can just chill and think peacefully 
wishing i could have some people and some things back in my life  wishing i could be the person i want to be and the person in my dreams 
"does this evangel football coach really want to recruit me? if he really wants to recruit me, should i leave byrd and go to evangel?"
on my way to football practice  this is literly
leaving football practice  i been there since 3 surprise 0 pm  it was too freaking hot out there!
on my way to another long and hot football practice
i think about to hit the sheets  do some general strength exercises before then though 
got football practice at 7 smile 0 in the morning  cruisin the city at 2 surprise 0   c e  byrd yellow jackets!
at this cruisin the city thing for byrd 
chillen in the football locker room at byrd  got my school id today 
first day of school = tiring but fun   first football practice after school = horrible
am i ready to play football? yes!  but am i ready for the jamboree? no!
played huntington in the jamboree today  we won 16-14   i ran a 36 yard touchdown  lets go!
really does not wanna go to sleep  ready to play <propmale> on monday  first regular season game 
has a birthday tomorrow  what should i do? answer= chill at home and get ready for my next football game 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody 
going to bed  turn 15 today and has a game tomorrow  i wonder if i can get a kick return as a birthday gift 
my arms feels like it's stuck in a cast  and i got horse collar like three times today  ready to work on my mistakes and improve 
"really wants to get a kick return  hopefully, i'll be more focus on my running game next game  can anybody answer this question? why would my coach ( coach murrie) tell to go home, get some hamhocks, cut the fat off, and eat them? and he was only talking to me "
watching <propfemale> wars episode three: revenge of the sith 
"watching <propfemale> wars again  about to go outside and jog, sprint, and work on my footwork   c e byrd football forever"
"i need something to do  probably play madden 11, cod, and red redemption on my xbox 360 until i get tired "
having mixed feelings about football right now and all the other sports i play 
kind of weird  i'm doing my homework and struggling  once i turn on my music (mainly <propfirst> <propmale>) i start sweeping through it 
"no!!!!!! i hurt my ankle at practice  it hurts, i'm in pain, and may have to take a crutch with me to school  most likely missing the haughton game monday "
"dang  saints defense being tough, but those penalties really killing the vikings right now "
"one thing that makes me laugh all the time is when my friends say i always come back faster when i have a leg injury  it's not the injury, that's making me better  it's me strengthing that body part and wanting to get better and faster "
"dang  for the people who are still in shreveport and are wondering if byrd's varsity football team beat new iberia, they did not  they lost 42- 28 "
"cowboys and redskins game  all i have to say is, i know all cowboys fans feel played and they pissed "
play haughton t
"played haughton today  i didn't get to play because i'm out on an ankle injury, but we lost 36-6  ready to be able to practice again and get back on the playing field "
play southwood next  i am definitely ready to play if i'm able to  just hope my ankle is better by that time 
"wants to play against southwood next monday, but i have to sit out another week  hopefully i can play when we play shreve "
on the grambling university waiting to go to the game 
at the grambling game  they playing <propmale> state and are winning 21-14  both bands killed at halftime 
grambling won 28-21  it was a good game 
"thinking about whether playing in the game tomorrow or not  i want to play, but i don't want to re-injured my ankle "
african american + usain bolt = <propfirst> webb
"lets go c e  byrd  play southwood tomorrow  i'm on the injured list so their is a questionable decision whether i should play  hopefully we win, but if we don't, i'll see if i can take my anger out on captain shreve next week "
another game i didn't play  lost 22-6  practicing tomorrow and the rest of the week so i can play the next game against shreve 
"tried practicing today  ankle still has a little pain, but i'll be back at practice tomorrow  the coaches don't have to worry, i'm back and i'm bringing the speed back "
oh crap  i'm going crazy at the same time  having unusual flashbacks  this is freaking me out 
"exhausted from practice  about to finish my homework, and why the heck am i watching highscholl musical "
can anybody give me information about the chess club at byrd?
"may not go the varsity game today, but i hope they best southwood  play shreve next week  i'm ready and i'm back  lets go jackets"
i'll try to ask this question again today  does anybody know about chess club at byrd?
how did we meet ? (copy into yo status to see who remembers )
"well, serve my detention today so i wouldn't have to do it monday on gameday  my ankle feeling better, so i'm ready to get back in the games, help my team, and play shreve  lets go jackets"
"had the best entertainment in my <propmale> class today  my boys, <propfirst> <propmale> and dj stew<propmale> couldn't do nothing but laugh  <propfirst> freaking stupid and he got two people coded out lol "
"dang  farmersville played somebody and beat them 87-7  those fools were playing madden  shreve lost to west <propmale>; ouch! just got done talking to some crazy girl name <propfemale> hampton  well, i'm out facebook and goodnight \\run like cheetah, but sting like a <propfemale>  lets go jackets #5"
"had a good time at <propfirst> <propmale>'s bday party  ready to play in the game monday  well, i'm about to chill and watch tv  text me if you want or if you need the number, just ask  feeling lonely  may have to turn the swag on and get me another girl "
"came to play today  we lost 16-12, but at least we had better team effort today  hurt my ankle but that didn't stop me  couldn't play the rest of the game because of a very painful cramp in my left calf muscle  saw some old teammates on shreve's defense  i guess i'm not getting my gator gumbo "
"in pain  i'm completely exhausted and both my ankles and legs hurt  i can't walk, i can't feel them    sad ("
thinking about giving up football after freshman year  stick to the bball court and and run track 
like or comment if you can make me laugh easily 
"byrd vs  shreve game tomorrow  should i a: sit on byrd side or b: sit on shreve side to catch up with some friends  bring your camo, shotguns, your bowls  lets eats some gator gumbo and don't forget the spoon "
"you know i run fast with my football gear, but i had to show my fellow teammates how fast i am without my gear  if anybody else on the team wanna race just ask  plenty of speed to go around "
airline for the next two weeks  let's win both games because i'm ready to play and tired of losing 
out with my mom  i hate being stuck with her when she is shopping  oh well  just going to chill and listen to my music on my phone 
"about to finish some homework  had a great weekend with my cousin, and i'm ready to play in the game tomorrow  lets beat airline this week and the next  lets go freshman, jv  and lets see if the varsity can beat airline this week  proud to be a jacket "
"okay  so we lost to airline 26-6  i had a 65 yard td on a run play and the only touchdown for the game  made some mistakes, ready to improve them, and beat airline next monday  tell me why i ran three kick returns and got cheapedshot on everyone; ouch! but i finally got my first touchdown this year!"
post this as your status & see what people rate you ! 1  ghetto 2  wish we went out 3  talkative 4  iwant you 5  spoiledd 6  sarcastic 7  loveable 8  crazy 9  great person 10  wild 11  funny 12  beautiful 13  mature 14  i'd take you home to mom 15  wierdd 16  honest 17  cute 18  best friends !
"i miss caddo middle magnet right now  i wish i could go back in time for all three years and put my football jerseys back on  well, let me stop daydreaming and get back to my homework "
"why do my ankles still hurt  oh well  once they get better, i have a feeling that i'm going to be much faster  ready for track & field "
bored  this truth thing spread around quickly  i guess i'll do it for anyone who wants me to do one for them 
"finally the weekend  about to chill, listen to music, and play this nba 2k11 on my xbox 360 "
i need a vote from my friends  am i better in basketball or football?
"bored  should i: text, play the xbox, or go to sleep  i think i'll do all three "
"lets see  go over some homework and study for tomorrow, iron clothes, and get a good night rest  then school, and another game against airline  lets see if i can get more than one td and some good yardage "
"if you watching the cowboys vs  titans game, how about that catch and td by <propmale> <propfirst>  that was sick "
"watching some much football reminded me of football practice  best football practice moment last week: coach <propfirst> is in the shotgun position  high snap and reverse to wr <propfirst> powell  even though this was just practice, it would be a guarantee highlight play in a game "
game got canceled  re-schedule on wednesday 
game got canceled  pissed off  been mad at the world all day and getting tired of my immature teammates 
homecoming parade today  didn't go to it and not going to any of the homecoming dances for my four years of highschool  <propfirst> + dances= complete boredem for me 
"game against airline tomorrow  ready to run for 1 kick return td, 2 rushing tds, and at least 100 yards or more  lets go!"
"wondering  i wonder how fast i am to some of the varsity and jv football players  i'm pretty much the fastest on the freshman team, but i wonder how my speed compares to <propfirst> carthon's  racing him would be a challenge for me, but embarassing because he would smoke me in a race "
"had a horrible game  had some good runs, but made too many mistakes as an individual and team  and my mom pissing me off  i don't wanna even hear myself talk "
"in a really bad mood  finish this homework and go to sleep  \p e a c e  facebook "
we lost the homecoming game 34-7  oh well 
wow! did anybody see how the <propfirst> cowboys were playing razzle dazzle at the end of the game lmao  that crap was hilarious lmao
b day tomorrow  hit the weight room in the morning  ready for the game tuesday against bossier  <propfirst> mills and me tag teaming the defense with our running game  hopefully we come out with the win this time 
the entire team played much better even though we lost again  i guess the weakest part of my body is my ankles because i always hurt them  not cool 
dang byrd lost 49-7  another hard lost 
"no football game today, no fair  just chilling, relaxation, and me time "
feels like scarying the crap out of people on halloween 
game tomorrow  how i will my ankle feel tomorrow  we'll see whats up later 
"meet the browns the movie  this is your granddaddy, granddaddy, granddadddy! too funny lol"
"lost again  don't care about the score, don't care about the team, don't f**king care about playing anymore  finish these few practices, this last game, and i'm done "
i have a feeling that i went far beyond an ankle sprain for both my ankles 
feels like flying away and living a solitary life until i get old  what's up with me having a random thoughts late at night 
already been sleeping  bout to hit the sheets once again today  i need something to do on the weekend  feel like going to the movies and seeing how scary paranormal activity 2 really is 
really don't feel like going to school  who think i should tryout for byrd's freshman basketball team?
who thinks i should tryout for the byrd freshman basketball team and leave some comments telling my how my portrait looks  it's my profile pic 
listening to crazy by gnarls barkley and other old songs 
"why am i up  well, watching antz  hopefully this movie puts me to sleep  webbie out "
tired  almost miss the bus  i have a feeling that i'm going to fall asleep in two of my classes today 
nothing to do today  any suggestions anybody? bored and feeling depressed for some reason  i guess i'll watch some college football and the <propmale> of egypt 
"la la la, la la la, <propfirst>'s world! yeah! lol moments from mr  nash's class "
bored  i guess i'll do the truth thing for the first time  like the status and receive my truth about you 
"going to tryout for byrd's freshman bball team wednesday  hopefully i make the team  if i do, i'm going to put the phrase, \ fly like a butterfly and sting like a bee\"" into full effect """
"can i find your loving, will you give me your heart "
ready to go to school; sike  out for election day 
"bored out my mind  i'm dieing from boredem   somebody call \911-entertainment"
"be honest!! if you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i am your friend put a  smile  , if you miss me put a  annoyed \   if you ever had a crush on me put a  laugh   if i have ever made you laugh put a  playful   if your brave enough, re-post this and see what people say!!"
"see what people rate you (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4)\sarcastic (5) lovable (6) crazy (7) spoiled ( smile  trustworthy (9) wild (10) funny (11) beautiful (12) mature (13) athletic (14) i wish i had your number (15) honest (16) great friend    (17) cute (1 smile  nice (19)\      freaky freaksee more"
"has everyone noticed how bored we all are  everyone posting statues about date or diss, smash or diss, truth is, and all other crap  we have officially made the generation full of boredem "
about to play a little bit of this nba 2k11 before hitting the sheets  basketball tryouts tomorrow  my bball skills <propmale>  i might end up traveling thinking i'm still playing football 
nothing to do   bored       like= smash or pass!
good morining
good morning eveyone 
"yo, <propfirst> moss went to the tennessee titans "
"over the past few days everyone has done this truth thing, diss or date, or smash or pads  we have all prove to <propfemale> that we're a generation full of boredom and horny minds  what has happen to our lives "
good morning everyone  let's see how this day goes  skipping bball season  and i need some new people to text 
bored  my mom and my mom just left to go see for colored girls  need some entertainment 
what was the score to the byrd game?
what up facebook  what does today have stored for me 
"at the fair  if you at the fair or coming, hit me up "
feel like cracking  just might crack on a few people tonight 
"seen everybody anf they momma at the fair  feeling stupid since i walked around for 6 hours  and someone disappointed me  well, bout to hit the sheets "
dang  i feel like playing football again  can spring hurry up so i can go through track and start spring training for football  i might just go outside and run a mile(not really)  but i'm bout to go run and shoot some hoops 
"wish it was a b day tomorrow  i feel like hitting the weight room  no fat, and all muscle baby  bout to get my solid abs back and be next <propfirst> crews "
"bout to hit the sheets  trying to a transition from being so quiet to being more social  still looking for your love  have i found it, but can't obtain it  am i on right the right trail  or am i just lost in the desert  give me the map to your heart "
everybody's bestfriend= your bed 
"call of duty black ops comes out tomorrow  i'm going to do some type of  power trade to get it  and surprisingly, i'm watching oprah while she is talking to <propfirst> <propmale>'s parents "
"when i first saw you, i was like    \like and you find out  smile "
a day tomorrow  no! a days completely bores me and destroys all my energy and looney tunes sound effectives and voice 
who think i should talk more instead of being quiet?
watching oprah 
"not my music cuz  all the music on phone just disappeared and none of it on my computer either  dang, technology is a beach "
"staying up all night and sleeping in class is not healthy for young boy  i need a prescribed sleeping pill  still waiting for that person to come my nest, get under my wing, and be with me "
coach ballow had us <propmale> out in bench press today  i <propmale> out at 140 lbs  i feel weak  bout to do push-ups all day and forever  wondering what i <propmale> out at in power cling 
"the paths you take, guide you to your future  but which path is to sucess? there are many roads  those that lead to something and success and those that are dead ends  well, until i'm ready for my long journey to college and adulthood, i will make the map that will guide me to my fantasies, success, and isolate me from dead ends and the evils in this world  time to change my life around and mature "
goodmorning jackets lol and other schools  hopes everybody has a marvelous day
"both my teams my teams lost yesterday, miami heat and the lakers  oh well, let's have a good day and hopefully byrd win there game "
whats going on this weekend? don't know  i wish i was taller 
"what's up with everyone watching love & basketball a lot recently  i watched yesterday, but it seems like everyone being watching like it just came out or something "
"well, i knew they byrd was going to lose, but good job there guys  we get to state next year  should coach suggs change from wing-t to spread?"
sleepy? nope  this negro here is nocternal  stay up all night and sleep in my bat cave during the day  ( this makes no sense and definately shows that i'm bored  hit me up on or text me  who need the #?)
"yeah,     a negro just been knocked the f*ck out by boredem  somebody tell the referee it's a tko "
i didn't know boredem could hurt  i feel stupid after randomly falling and busting my a**  a blunt would be good about now 
"i no longer have my marvelous and girl attracting abs  thats not good at all  weeks worth of push-ups, six-inches, sit-ups, weight room and other general strength exercises= rebuilt ripped arm muscles and solid rock adominals  yeah, thats hurting since i still sore from my last workout "
it was a dream and a worthless quest  done trying  stay in reality and not in your imagination 
bout time for the cowboys to show some life! all they need to do now is win 
"yo, check out my profile pic? tell me if you think i edit the color? is it fresh? tell what it look like? give opinions "
i guess i'll do this question thing  inbox questions and i'll answer without your name on my status 
"q: have i ever been smart to you?\a: a little, but it ain't like you dumb "
"i need another nickname  everyone is welcomed to call me webbie, but i wanna see what some people wanna call me other than that  ( comment and tell me)  \sn: question game  ask your question and beware of the answer  taking questions for the rest of the night "
"kids ask the darnest things! with the facebook  the crazy statuses  the random questions  ( <propmale> cosby voice)  on the other hand, salute to the cowboys for finally winning another game  now lets go patriots!"
this question & answer thing spread around a lot faster than ( smash or pass) and (truth is)  but let me finish ironing my clothes  this one girl my sister know dissing like everybody questions lol  i'm having like too much fun reading her statuses 
"its ashame to see what some people ask folks  yo, ask that in a text or keep the response in the message  this is facebook, not a freaky chat room "
"woah  i ain't nosey, but i'm seeing too many sex questions on my news feed  yo, this is not the midnight hour sex hotline  if yall wanna ask all them questions, go call one those 1-800 <propfirst> "
this is too funny  some people shouldn't even ask questions  they getting they stuff blown worse than 5 niggas blowing a blunt lol 
i'm going to bed  goodnight to all my friends and facebook  some of yall need more than a million prayers and a brain that is not full of sex  webbie out!
"day starting off slow already  this day brings back many memories  well, hope everyone has a great day and no bs "
"sleepy  i need some a glass of milk, some food, and my bed  willing to do the question crap to let time pass "
good morning jackets! and other schools  hope everyone has a pleasant day without any bs 
feel like working out  i need a weight set at home but lets see what i <propmale> out at in back squat tomorrow  lets kill it! abbablous
"like a bullet, i'm fast  like a puppy, i'm small  like a lightweight, i'm not the heaviest or strongest  but like an untamed tiger, i keep fighting "
get back or get smacked!
"well, getting ready for bed  i'll answer any questions before i doze off "
"b day yay  get to go to my <propmale> class  i don't draw pictures, i create masterpieces!"
good morning everyone! i hope everyone has an exciting day with a side greatness  webbie out 
"left the emergency room like a hour ago  had severe abdominal pain and a stomach bug  and coach ballow has my phone, nice (not really) "
"i wish i could workout tomorrow  we did listening skills instead lifting weight today, but it felt good running "
lets see  how am i going to survive on a liquid diet for a few days? this sucks  time to pack my own lunch for the rest of the week 
everyone answer this question  do i look like a mexican?
"once again, i'm phoneless  coach ballow better be at school tomorrow  if the battery has ran out, it ain't no telling how many notifications i got "
"out for a week  still can't believe coach ballow made run 40 yard dashes in the cold  but everybody have a safe and nice week off  finally, some relaxation!"
"bored  playing the xbox  what movie should i watch tonight  well, if you have the # text me because i'm dying of boredem right now  webbie out and booms goes the dynamite!"
in mall st  <propmale>  hit me up!
lets go ohio state and lsu!
"yea <propmale>! lsu won! who won the ohio state game? \cdwii= future lsu tiger"
wow  i will like to thank my sister for totally ruining my mood tonight and probably ruining my relationhips with the rest of my family 
going to the orthodontist
"chillen with my mom and grandma  what should i do today? well text me, facebook me "
i wish i could fly  i'll be in rome or <propfemale> by now  i wish i could time travel  i'll be looking at dinosaurs or something right now  i wish i could see the world's wonders 
who think i'm funny? comment or like  who think i could be a comedian?
"not that much of a wwe wrestling fan anymore, but dang  first <propfirst> cena gone, fired! and <propfirst> orton got fucked up and lost his title  \\sn to self: don't do professional wrestling, whether its fake or not "
dang  i'm not tired at all  got this nocturnal thing going on  i need some entertainment 
bored  i guess i'll go do general strength and listen to music 
"well, i'm calling it a night  finish playing the xbox with these fools and go watch a movie  facebook, which movie should i watch: love & basketball, transformers, <propmale> of eygpt, hancock, rush hour 3, shrek, or shrek 2?"
happy thanksgiving everyone! who got turkey?!
shame! cowboys looking like losers already  lets go saints!
"yeah <propmale>! saints! it was close game and good game, but we prevail!"
both my teams won today  patriots beat the lions and saints beat the cowboys  it has truely been a thankful football day  super bowl prediction: afc= patriots     nfc= saints
goodnight facebook and friends  hope everyone had a good thanksgiving  webbie out!
"black friday deals  only three things i want  this g-shock i been looking at, call of duty: black ops, and                      "
i feel like there something missing in my life 
i wish tomorrow was a b day  i want to get back in that weight room  well lets have a good three weeks and go on christmas break 
i'm a goofy goober lol?
going to sleep  watching the 49ers and cardinals game  i'm bored  probably go to bed immediately after the game  webbie out!
wonderful  another night i can't sleep 
i hope everyone has a marvelous day  webbie out!
bout to get some chinese food and call it a night 
"so tired  i have a feeling that i'm going to fall out in the weight room  we'll, l hope everybody has a good"
and boom goes the dynamite! why am i up 
good morning everyone! have a blessed day  webbie out!
extra bored and sleepy  i guess i'll try to finish my homework and watch a movie 
goodmorning jackets and other schools  have a lovely friday!
what's up with everyone having cartoon profile pics?
put this as your status and see what people rate you: 1  crazy 2  i'd kiss you    3  hyper!    4  jerk    5  i miss you    6  best friend    7 pretty     8  smart     9  dumb    10  i would date you    11  random    12  hot     13  funny    14  huggable    15  amazing    16              tough       17  cute     18  bea            utiful    19           loud        20  awesome!     21  i love you
"weekend weny by fast  been sick all weekend  feel a lot better, but stuck with a scratchy voice "
lets go ravens!
"i feel like playing football  ready to practice with them juniors and seniors next year  hopefully, i'm still on the offensive side of the ball "
yall killing this number stuff  i don't even see real statuses anymore 
"goodmorning everyone! can you smell the fresh, morning air outside ahh  well, i hope everyone has a lovely day "
sitting in the barbershop  should i get two pars or three 
wishing i had some boxing gear and punching bag  feel like boxing 
anybody seen what happened to the minnesota vikings metrodome? i see why they canceled the game 
"goodmorning everyone! some fresh and cold air outside  well, i hope everyone has a wonderful and day and week  one more week until break "
"wow, this is a shame  i'm so bored, but i can't believe i'm watching this show "
cold morning to everyone! have a nice & warm day  and does anyone know when the math-science building was built at byrd?
"this is some nice, relaxing morning air  everyone have a lovely day and hurry up break!"
playing the xbox 360  on gears 2 and chilling with some friends  getting bored  somebody hit me up
going to bed  xbox live friends got me thinking about some old stuff 
going to bed  i'm back  gears of war 2 cater boy lol
i wish i still playing for football or running track 
"bout to blast this playlist, play madden 11, and look at some old football videos "
watchin <propfemale> and the frog with my sister 
"once again, the patriots are division champs   now we on the road to the super bowl "
"chillen at the cousin's house with more of my cousins  watching the christmas story, which is very boring to me  somebody text me "
is there anybody up? anybody want to talk?
up alone at my aunt's house  i'm all alone and there's one here beside me  feeling the need for a girlfriend again 
there always something new on fb  yall folks be getting extra bored 
where's the red bull when you need it   sad 
goodmorning everyone! has everyone has a marvelous first day back to school  i know i will because i just had sex and it felt so good! lmao                                rtsp annoyed  v5 cache3 c youtube com cjyleny73wialqnpg0obodu5nhmyjcakfeijbxytz29vz2xlsarsb laugh hdgnoykuc0_pjq4kxtaw annoyed 0 0 0 video 3gp
goodmorning to everyone  hope everyone has a blessed day 
dang  anybody seen that video with the father giving his nephew a whooping on webcam  i'll hate to be that guy  embarassing 
ready for them saints to go in on the seahawks  can we just play chicago right now instead of them 
i need some sweet potato pie and a sprite 
oregon or auburn?
bore and do not want to go to school  guess i'll go workout and the bcs championship  what's up with the turn on and turn off stuff?
dand brah  i want to play college football so bad  time to work hard in highschool and get a scholarship 
"what's tomorrow, a day or b day?"
"i want to sleep in my comfy bed, but its colder than the other side of the pillow in there "
what am i going to do when get home  1) change clothes  2) cook some tamen
bout to eat some ramen noodles and study 
"people who know i run fast and love to run, should i run track this year?"
"can't believe all of the top teams in nfc and afc playoffs are gone  if the steelers and bears lose, the world is definitely going to end  and there might be a lockout next season; we're doomed!"
i wish i had a secret room in my house where i can just chill and have some peace 
i'm feeling cranky  not talking until i have my coffee 
missing the cmm days  it still feels wierd not seeing my old friends and teachers 
goodmorning jackets and other schools! i hope everyone has a wonderful day 
about to get on this homework and i guess i'll read a book afterwards 
question: should i make a twitter?
watching futurama  i miss this show 
steelers!
about to hit the sheets  looks like i'm competing against my friends in football workouts  time to work twice as hard 
"goodmorning everyone! time to workout, but first two bananas for breakfast "
im on a mission  the objective is: sleeping!
goodmorning to everyone  have a blessed day at school or work 
goodmorning peers  have a great day 
bored  playing gears of war 2  dieing from boredom someone or somebodies communicate with me 
lets go heat  celtics vs  lakers after the heat  then pro bowl later today 
i don't even want to watch the pro bowl anymore  lol the score is ridiculous
goodmorning jackets and non-jackets  hope everyone has a marvelous day and week  listening to <propfirst> <propmale> to set my mood for the day 
"about to do my homework  what should i do after, a: go to sleep or b: workout a little and then go to sleep?"
"rain, i love because i can clear my mind and think, but its raining to hard "
goodmorning to everyone  its raining harder than black woman beating her child right now  hope everyone has a great day 
"when your out of gas at practice or workouts, only determination can push you forward; until one of the juniors or seniors knock the crap out of me next year "
"goodmorning to everyone  its too cold for shreveport students to be going to school  oh well, everybody have a  icy  day "
who going to shreve & byrd bball game today?
"who going to the byrd, shreve game?"
"anybody know the score to the byrd, shreve game "
"still up  well, i guess i'll jump on gears 2 and play some more haters"
bored  i need some entertainment  i guess its time to smack some noobs in gears 2 
<propmale> <propfirst> may go to the knicks knicks bout to beast 
i think the cowboys did something to their field before the super bowl  everybody getting hurt 
goodmorning to everyone! hope everyone has great day at school or work 
goodmorning everyone!
"good morning everyone  <propfirst> the weatherman on the butt for giving us that one day out, even though it didn't snow  and slap the school board if we have a longer school year "
i like how <propfirst> <propfirst> is the all-time 3pt shooter 
lets go lakers  and congrats to <propfirst> <propfirst> for becoming the all-time 3pt shooting leader 
goodmorning to everyone! hope everyone has a marvelous day that leads to a wonderful weekend 
bored and home alone         bad combination 
goodmorning everyone!
"i never heard of this and it sound wierd to me, but does anybody put sugar on their rice???"
goodmorning to everyone! hope everyone has a lovely day  feels like friday already 
so tired  i'm bout to take a nap in the car while i wait for my mom to come out the store  somebody hit me up with text or something 
dunk contest! demar derozan bout to do work!
"<propfirst> griffin sick! had a choir seeing \i believe i can fly\"" and he jumped over a choir """
bored  nothing to do  i'll just go lay down 
<propmale> went to the knicks
is today an a day or b day?
goodmorning friends! got to school from some friends 
"<propmale> going to knicks through a 3-team trade, thats wats up, but it doesn't over shadow \high griffintion\"" (the 2011 rookie of the year) """
"goodnight facebook, don't let the viruses bite  i bid adieu to all my friends "
goodmorning to everyone  have a lovely day at school or work 
goodmorning everyone! hoping for a relaxing workout today and good day 
goodmorning friends  hoping everyone has good day leading to a wonderful weekend  movies tomorrow?
"still up  about to go to sleep, but i don't feel like  just showed 10 people what a blowout is in nba 2k11  and somebody contact my phone cause i'm extra bored "
"knicks beat heat, that's wats up  <propfirst> <propmale> not getting any love from the portland players  he can't even get the ball  going to bed "
"goodmorning everyone! looks gloomy outside, not cool  let's have a good day as always "
"goodmorning to everyone! can't talk, not until i have my coffee "
goodmorning everyone! ortho appointment later this morning 
i need to get back on the bball court  football is a long time from now  needs something to do 
ballin like 2k and sleepin like a baby 
who going to the huntington and bossier game tomorrow?
goodmorning! everyone  hope everyone has a nice day and good weekend  bossier and huntington game later today 
who already in the arena for the hhs and bossier game and who coming?
been in an arena full of black folks with no seats for like an hour  you know its hot in here!
1st quarter: hhs 15  bossier 25
"mane, i'm pissed  at this game at the <propfemale> dome and concession stands poor as heck  ran out cheese for the nachos, ran out of cokes, sprites, dr  pepper, ran of popcorn  all they got is sour straws <propfemale> and powerade  wtf centenary "
bossier beat huntington 77-63  huntington should have gotten ups to send them the offense and play defense package 
in the barber shop  what's up for today?
feeling emotionless right now  thats not wats up 
"yall killing the news feeds with this number stuff  i didn't know facebook had a math class, webbie out!"
just took the best nap ever  probably won't be able to go back to sleep after that one 
goodmorning! i hate when it rains in the morning  i ruins my jolly mood in the morning 
bored  oh what to do?
i guess i'll listen to mj and workout for the rest of the night  bored
i wish football season was here  i feel like running plays and racking up yards again 
lets see whats poppin with oovoo 
"get at me\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme lilcwebb 249"
come on lakers
"my lakers lost  don't worry, cause we getting another ring before <propmale> leaves "
"no! the nfl lockout is official  there's goes sunday and monday football  no playoffs, no super bowl!"
bored  i guess i'll work on the internet and webcam for this laptop 
bored  get at me peeps
do not want to go to sleep
whats up for today?
"oovoo, facebook, xbox live, and home alone  what should i do today?"
bored brah 
"dang, this ain't usher's confessions album  some of you are killing the confessions "
"ready for football, but i feel a knee injury coming on  oh well  still going hard in workouts  let finish typing the reports, but somebody contact me "
lakers! lets get this win 
still up? i need to be sleep brah 
st  <propfirst>'s day  don't play that pinching crap  you reach and i will teach 
"get at me\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme lilcwebb 249"
in the barber shop  should i get 2 pars or 3 ? what's up for today?
at my cousin's party  get at me!
feels like flaming someone or just joke with someone 
"just had 200+ crawfish  feel like eating some more, but i'm going to chill "
goodmorning everyone! looking forward to starting the week off good 
sitting in english with a sub  ready to go home 
"goodmorning everyone! hope everyone has a nice day  i want to workout for 3 hours like yesterday, but i guess we're back on regular <propfemale> schdule "
"going to bed in a good mood, but i'm not sleepy  had a good little conversation on the phone  can't wait until workouts tomorrow  i guess i'll be hitting the gym during spring break "
"get at me\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme lilcwebb 249"
goodmorning everyone  let's see wats up for today  i may go outside and hoop a little 
"i'm still up????? brah, i'm hitting the sheets "
i think i might run or ride around the neighborhood  need to burn all this energy and release some stress unknown anger 
why i am i still up? let me try to lay down 
"wow, i'm still up  no need for energy drinks, i'm just nocturnal "
i'm bout hoop for awhile  lets see if i can dunk 
"5 o'clock in the morning and i'm still up  a lot of things on my mind, but nothing effects me or holds me down "
in bossier visiting my great grandmother  i thought it was spring  i'll hate to see what summer look like because its hot!
"school tomorrow  ready to get back to workouts, but i'm ready to work in class again "
still up  going to sleep  hope i don't fall asleep in mrs  savage's class or mrs  <propmale> 
"good morning to everyone  having some leg pain, but other than that, i'm ready to get back in class "
"listening to b o b, outkast, and chilling "
uconn won that thing  i feel sorry for butler though  came to the national championship 2 times in a row and lost; shame!
