a5e57e834675bd224483f8d1d09611f4
face book still sucks
i dont like facebook!
?????? im new to facebook  not really enjoying it!
hmmmm
happy new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol still up with <propfirst> 
why is myspace so much better then facebook?
my eye ball itches  ????  indecision 
my son calls me a mommy cock roach    haha  
whoop
o0o0o 0
"gone for 2 nights, ahh its good to be home "
its so boring when im sick  i want to go downtown sac  this weekend  spend the night 
why is facebook so confusing???????????????? the damn new feeed is weird
"fish tank is shipped, looked at fish today   laugh   laugh  disney land in a month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
fuck im awesome   smile 
"huh, so tiger woods likes anal, choking and <propfemale> showers  he doesn't seem like the type "
being single rocks!
walmart wouldn't cash my tax check  grr  i was going to cash it and go shopping at target anyways  walmart sucks!
;   annoyed 
mmmmm orange chicken and potstickers   wink 
"well, whatever   smile "
being single= happpiness!!!! although i do miss some things about being with a guy  
i got my hairrrrrrrr cuttt!!!!!
i'm gonna look into doing a bootcamp styple work out! woop
"my hips are too big, i need to shave the bone down  ugh "
my cellphone number used to be a weave sexual assault crisis number so i randomly get phone calls from people who need help 
going for a bike ride without my rugrat  the punk bit my shoulder! >:e
"lost my wallet, found my wallet on the street   i need to get out of here, get away from these squares  going to lose my mind today wtf is wrong with me today?"
"got some take out chinese food (kims in rancho and the mayflower downtown are the best)  going to eat, drink some drinks, and watch a movie "
yay i'm home! homeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  homeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"my moms ipod died, 2nd 1, she listens to it a lot, so i'm going to leave my old one next to the coffee pot, loaded with her favorite songs so she'll get it before work  =}"
gonna have fun tonight fun tonight fun tonighttttttttttttttttt 
feeling like crap tonight crap tonight crap tonighttttttttttttttttttttt
woooop 
fuck 
"our new fish tank has lots of little snails in it!!! yuck  i put lettuce on the bottem, but they aren't going to it  lil fuckers "
fuck  stupid  choices 
i'll be 26 on saturday   ugh 26  almost 30 
the band him will be playing at the house of blues the first day i get to disneyland  woohooo 
scum bag
southwest airlines has not had any fatal events involving a passenger  since it began service in 1971      good to know 
"thanks to my mom and brothers, i got to spend 4 hours shopping in peace  yay! after my trip i need to slow down on spending money  ugh "
wtf i hate when caffeine puts me in sleepy mode  i think i'll get myself a tattoo for my birthday 
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday! now i need to find something to get into 
ugh that <propfemale> white lady is fucking annoying  enough with the nasty old lady thing 
fuck
"thinking of the time it took me 3 hours to finish a short essay in snr magazine  ah, the days of being fucked up  ive been playing \new super <propfirst> brothers\"" all day  ugh """
finally i have a cat stevens shirt! woo hoo 
"bumming it today  still in my pajammas  2pm, time to shower and get dressed  hehe "
my head is on fire  my eyes my eyessssssssssssssss
i beat new super <propfirst> brothers!!! how do you like me now motherfucker!!!!
ugh i want a mountain dew so bad
"sitting on the porch with my boy, missing my sister  i wonder what life would have been like if she didn't die? i need to live my life that would make her proud "
uggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ugh i  will never understand women who use men to get shit  or the blokes who fall for it  that will never be me!!! i can buy my own shit thankyou everymuch  gold diggers are shady little cunts 
jony201032: my israely cock so hard nowwwwwwwwww hahahahh wtffff isrealy cock
why do women try to be creative with their eyebrows? at some point put those tweezers down let the shit grow  fucked up eye brows can totally ruin a cute face  thats all i have to say about that 
shit 4am wtf am i doing up  not shit!
leaving tomorrow morning at 5am  i'lllll be back the 26th  woo hoo disneyland!!!! don't miss me too much facebook!
"ughhhhhhhhhhh 3 hours of sleep  the shuttle will be hear in a little bit  ow my stomach hurts  it will be raining the first 2 days, the rain is ok  woo hoo disneyland!"
disneyland is sooo fun!!!!!!! 3 more days! wooooo hoooo! horny!
finally home mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm its good to be back  horny!
"one of those days i don't want to be home, or near my family  maybe a bike ride in this gloomy weather will be good "
i need a good pipe cleaning  fuk
"now the unfun part of life, where i take care of business! i hate hate hate paper work  if i didnt have a kid i'd totally be a bum on the street  fuck it  horny!"
i feel like shit! but my mood is kickin! going for a bike ride to the storeeeee 
"huh, whats going on, no one ever calls me ma'am, and this week two guys did  i'm not a ma'am!!! i don't think i look that old  how about someone call me \sugar tits\"" !"""
"im sick!!!!! coughing, cold chills, body aches  my mood is kickinh tho! i'm in a mood to throw shit out! woo ya!"
"rocking a cold today  bought some dsi games from dsiware, instantly! played oregon trail till 3am! i feel like a kid "
"the new nightmare on elm street looks scary  i used to love <propmale> when i was little  even the tv show \<propmale>s nightmare \"" thanks mom for letting me watch scary movies as a kid   smile """
dinner and a movie tonight!!  wink 
"last night was the shit  dinner, kiss in tell, the new <propmale> movie, bought new movies, and now im home  my boy will be be back later this evening! oh i miss my boy, but i needed a night out"
"i need to plan something for my sons 4th birthday, its this saturday  he doesn't have any friends though   sad  i ended up buying him the lighting mcqueen power wheels  but it wont be here till monday  lamee"
"going to the store, and may come back with a netbook  maybe    maybee   "
i'm on my new netbook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now i need to get used to it being so different  ; 
i ended up getting a tattoo last night  overall it was a very good 24 hours   wink  stressing about my ex getting in out of the pokey   sad  fuk stress = spend money 
"i feel like a teen all nervous telling my mom about the new tattoo     i'll do it tomorrow  she doesnt like tattoos, but i think because its cute, on my foot and for my sister, it wont be that bad "
"fuck i update this shit like its twitter (which i don't have) anyways, i was just thinking about what kind of girl i'd be attracted to if i was a lesbian "
"outside watching my son play with the neighborhood kids, they included me into a good cop  bad guys game, and had me running around arresting them  the boys have been fighting over my sons toy guns "
my son is loving the super <propfirst> brothers cartoons i bought him!!! it was made in 1990!!!!! he tells everyone hes <propfirst> anyway 
"the past 2 days the neighborhood kids have knocked on our door to ask if cillian can play  how cute!! this is a first  although i think its just for his toys, since they are 5-7!"
"my baby is sleeping, so im going to decorate the dining room for his birthday    smile  can't believe my boy is 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"a long 24 hours!!! my sons birthday party was nice, later we went to second saturday downtown  he got 2 dalmation mollies for his birthday, and i had to buy 55 bucks worth of aquarium shit  no way would i put them in with my sweet fancy guppies!!"
"so, soooooooooooooooooo tired     i just wnt to close my eyes and sleeeeeeeeeeeep  zzz ! instead i think i'll clean my room, its bugging me "
can talk like <propfirst> duck   wink 
kicking ass today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! horny!
"ive been single for a year, and its starting to suck  oh well   sad   i like being single  but sometimes its lonley "
i need a car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tired
flaming hot cheetos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lemonade!!!!!!!!!! my moms 50th birthday  going out to dinner later 
now that cillian is older and has friends i'm becoming the mom who is outside playing with all of the neighborhood kids  i swear their parents are never outside with them  a group of us were outside trying to catch bugs  they should get off their ass and come outside
"mmmmmmmmmm wine  feeling tipsy  every night is a weekend for me, if i want it  and tonight   one girl party! its ok its ok, i rarely drink "
"uh oh, i lost the key to my secret safe "
trying to down size all of the stuf i have in case i need to skip town  ;  im getting so restless and uncomfortable  my son is so much better without his dad in his life 
i still can't find the key to my safe!!!!!! damn!
bbq today!!!!! with cillians other family  they love me  i hope i stay the night downtown  !!!!!!!!
"i applied for college, for the fall semester  now lets hope i go  ! off to the bbq to eat and drink "
<propfemale> i'm home!
"\a smooth sea never made a skillful sailor'"""
"ugh my dalmation <propfemale> died! my other one will soon follow  well, i rescued them from a cold jar of water, and gave them a warm salty home  they were happy for a short time "
the future is so scary 
is watching the human centipede!!! hes e playful laining how he is going to attach them together! the mouth to the anus  lol
 smile 
"tomorrow it's been a year since i grabbed my son and went to live with my mom  i told her i was just over for a visit, but i haven't left  it feels good to get out of a shitty situation, and just be happy again "
off to start my weekend! taking my boy to see shrek ( his first theater movie) and then going to midtown  =}}}
"lol nevermind  cillian is a poop butt today, he was happy when we got to the theater, but a no go when it was time to go in  i need a break  a night of fun without him "
ugh
"i want to move, so bad "
likes to look for apartments houses for rent in other cities  i'd like to make my way to the east at some point  even just for a trip  i want to go to philly!
ugh
 smile   wink   wink   smile  woke up to a good day  !
zzzzzz
hella
"either i will find a way, or make one "
"i wish i knew someone who knew something about independent foreign films  i'm trying to find a movie i like, but can't remember what its called  ugh!  does anyone like movies that aren't mainstream?"
"i have a baby sitter tonight, so i'm going out  drinking and dancing  hell yeah, it's been a long long time "
"last night         so awesome! i had a really good time  but yo, dudes, i may have been drunk, but i have my shit together enough to realize when you are following me and acting creeping  and stop dancing like fucking <propfirst> brown! and also, i dont like skinny guys  i like some meat on the bones  townhouse gets props for spinning \violent\ femmes song blister in the sun   smile "
i update facebook too much 
"going to a bbq at the river on garden highway  i love that spot   i wanted a good weekend, and it delivered  loving life right now   smile "
"its hot today, i should have went to the river, whatever  going to have some fun tonight   wink "
"rode in a car with the top down for the first time    now i want a car like that  i had fun tonight, but i don't want the night to end  i want to talk to someone!"
wants to get into trouble
baaa im the black sheep 
baaa i'm a black sheep
"it took way to long, and hurt my hand to get a jar of pickles open  oo vlassic kosher dill  2:22am pickles and a movie  hell yeah "
"weird night  i miss having a connection with someone  whatever  solo girl, right?"
"one question: do you need    someone, or do you need me?    forget it, i\ don't really care -lloyd dobler"
going to sit on the porch and watch the movie sling blade on the projector   smile  snacks and alchyhall  the trip to the full stop was a blast  hehehe  feeling good!
seriously
"i want someone who \gets me\""    """
weak
i have a great son   smile 
"ok google    i put in \girls with thin lips\"" \",a5e57e834675bd224483f laugh 1d09611f4,can't sleep  not even tired  it's 3 surprise 1am    and no one is on 
hmm   today is going by    really fast 
party party party one person party 
sitting outside  it's such a beautiful day   wink 
today was a good day  =}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} 
"seriously hes bi polar or something  he didn't change, not one bit  wtf "
feels like a full <propfemale> if you know what i mean 
he saw his dad today  it went pretty good 
my nostrils feel like i was up to no good in my sleep 
needs more comedy in her life 
is still up    annoyed 
"going on a little \date\"" with my boy  bounce town and then dinner   smile  """
ugh i could use a lil of what you got   wink 
feels like a friday to me  i want to get into something this weekend 
looking for my friend   <propfemale>      <propfemale> downer     
"breakfast at cafe <propmale>, and then the zoo  yay!"
its been a long time since i had a best friend  whats up with that??
out and about- kid less 
"the mailman delivered a new book, and shopping tote bag,   and i guess i now get a year subscription to lucky magazine      laugh  yay for winning contest i don't enter myself in "
ugh
"going to watch 28 days later, on the porch with the projector    i'm excited for     the new twilight movie to come out    let me be lame just for this   i rarely get attached to trendy things like this "
cool
"i want to be out of this world, on a whole other level   wink "
decided today was a good day to move everything out of my room and switch it around  sometimes thats needed   smile  
hey fuckface 
"i think i'm going to try fitness boot camp on friday  i can try it for free the first time    if i like it, i'll sign up  i don't want to be frumpy at 26 "
"a year sober today, and i did it on my own  weird that i would have a drug dream last night   -anyways, yay me "
mongolian bbq sounds sooo good 
ah chatroulette  thanks for keeping me company when i can't sleep at night 
"ugh, my computer is messing up now  i'm dressed and ready to go to that boot camp fitness thing, but will i really go? who knows who knows  my nikes are extremely white and read for action   wink "
"holy shit  i went  bad idea to have hella caffeine, and to eat before  the drill instructor was cool "
"is firefox a shit browser to use? it kept freezing up, so i deleted it, and but internet e playful lorer is working  argh  my computer is turning to into junk, and i barely bought it a few months ago!!!!!!!!!!! waste of almost 400!!!!!!!!!!!!"
sleep?!
"going to old sacramento today   my mom is going to watch my boy  yay  a little shopping, and lunch!! no plans for the 4th "
i just dropped a boat load of money on special fx and macys make up  i guess i have a new hobby  the new twilight movie was good 
i think he's crazy enough to kill me 
happy 4th of july everyone! going to hagan park later tonight    laugh 
"feeling tired, but antsy  my damn arms are so sore  it's making me lazyyyy"
"i got my zombie face on, white contacts  im gonna go on chat roulette, and have some fun  remind me never to put in contacts after drinking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
fuck it  smile 
i want some lips to kiss on 
"holy shit, i'm up before 9am "
why do guys like that trashy ass stripper look? ugh that cheap slutty look is just nasty 
holy shit  feeling good on this new caffeine pill 
ummm     
holy shit
"the things you learn at this hour  theres a secret club in cordova called \the gate way\"""""
damn it
good night 
birthday party bbq with the kiddies today 
what a good weekend   smile 
very sleepy
hmmmmmmmm     
ants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????
body aches  wtf  i hope it goes away soon!
 sad  whatever
"fuck it, and fuck everything else "
"\birds of a feather flock together\""- i dont know  im gonna go on a bike ride to buy a rack of ribs  i want ribs so bad  if you see me on my bike you may honk or run me over """
nevermind about the ribs  and the bike ride  false alarm 
todays going to be a good day!
"getting true blood season 2, <propfemale> of the dead, and land of the dead (old) in the mail, and just bought 4 movies at blockbuster  smile  yay movies "
"yep, i'm just not looking hard enough, or maybe i -really- don't want it  who knows who knows "
i always forget that carolinas sucks  ugh 
"\you don't became a failure until you're satisfied with being one \""- my fortune in a cookie  a good one for me """
later 
"my son said to me, \i'm not going to break your heart \"""""
i was thinking it was sunday today  watching true blood season 2 from start to finish 
"season 2 episode 10 of true blood, the funniest shit ever  hahahahha im cracking up "
hella dizzy and light headed today
the media needs to get off <propfirst> lohans ass 
feeling better after a caffeine nap  zip zip zip 
"seriously asking my son his opinions on clothes in the damn dressing room  \do you like these pants?\"" \""do you like this color?\"" haha wtf """
a lazy lug of extreme tiredness today 
"taking cilly to the docs, and then i want some bomb ass food  chillis?!"
hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
wow!
"i need to get out of sacramento, i really want to move "
i bet you can squeal like a pig  weeeeeeeee
"my head is in the clouds today, got too much to take care of   too much on my mind"
all i see is bahblahblahblahblah for the eyes  blahbahblahbahbalahlbhalbha
i think im gonna switch teams  if you know what i mean 
hehe  love 
whats up with the changes to fb and hotmail? don't like it 
"how weird, i don't have anything to say today "
whatever 
hell yeah!
dinner and a movie tonight with a long time friend  =} =}
inception was really good  i was surprised how good it was  had really good mexican food too  at home at 12am to be with my boy who is up waiting for me   smile 
hi
gorilla head lock
why have i been so tired for the past 2 weeks  weirddddd 
up early to get things done today   
today isn't going as planned     preschool is all filled up  wtf 
"instead of a 3 day trip to san <propfemale>, we are thinking of a week in hawaii      "
totally missing my sister  some family is here and we are sitting on the porch talking about stuff   sad 
taking my best boy out tonight for some fun 
really? playing victim on fb is lame  i deleted <propfemale> g from my facebook because she is a <propmale> shit talker  if you are going to talk bad about someone don't front like you are friends 
"hell yeah  booking our flight to hawaii  it's in october, the hotel is right next to the beach  it's nice having something to look forward to "
"should i be flattered shes posting eminem lyrics directed at me,  and mailing them? or creeped out?  annoyed  weirdoooo "
310am   ugh  im not tired 
happy friday!
"want to get into something    but no baby sitter    i think my brothers are addicted to gambling  i feel like shopping, or drinking "
holy freaking back pain  it's making me feel nauseous  i used to lift dead weight from the floor  glad its not my hip 
got to do some shopping while my brother watched cilly  hella funny bathing suit shopping with my mom  mission accomplished 
why the hell does my son want to wear sweaters in the summer? crazy kid 
i was not e playful ecting a hole there??????
sitting outside enjoying the nice weather 
"\i don't want to be white anymore \"" -cillian  <--haha """
"can i go to bed and start over? seriously    everything irritating and frustrating has happened in the last hour  and a half alone    going back to the store to get my  200bux, might as well pick up a bottle of wine   smile  "
"wow, today is going great   smile "
it's a bummer my sons dad is a screw ball  and by screw ball i mean a space cadet  whatever 
"spent most of the day so far in the park, and got a call they have a spot for cillian in preschool  =} =} =}    ohh and those four loko drinks, hella good  thanks everyone "
i'm freezing  wth! laying on the couch with a blanket still cold 
feels like a friday  hayyyyyy 
i want to take a nap nap on cloud nine  and also   damn  i want some spicy mexican food 
"it's friday to me  watching jersey shore and drinking  oh how i want a bf with no strings attached  the time will come, no rush "
mmm i want to snuggle
"tired tonight, sleep will come easy "
"maybe i will hog tie my son, just for fun, but also to get that damn sweater off "
going to go watch the e playful endables tonight 
 sad 
"i haven't had soda for a week, and i feel better already  today, i had a grilled double down and it gave me an instant head ache  screw fast food  yuck "
bummed i can't go into downtown anymore  & i'm ready to start packing  october come quick 
"just keep it on the down low  said nobody is supposed to know \  so i creep yeah \  -hella enjoying tlc right now   smile "
"when i ask you to kiss my pulse, you offer to start the shower  i want a verb and you give me a noun  what do you dream up while i tongue you down?"
i love it when you call me ape 
how could you not notice there was     man spunk in your water? ew   sad 
ugh  i hate not being able to sleep at night sometimes  good night 
i need to stop spoiling my son ! hella happy to be home 
how am i going to buy a damn helicopter for my son when the propeller on top doesn't even spin? what a lame momma  lol 
feeling good today  =}
whatever
"hmm should probably put some pants on if im going to sit in the living room and watch tv  oh, how i miss having my own place "
meh that cotten <propfemale> had a crunch to it  damn u air!
smelling vinegar randomly today  wtf 
oohh i want mongolian bbq  or something spicy 
seriously whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
"i'm working out to <propfemale> <propmale>, and my son is like \look at you! breaking a sweat!!\"" aww cheering momma on   love  <propfemale> <propmale> for working out """
"thanks to the bug that bit him, my sons eyelid is swollen  hes pulling at the bottom half down to watch cartoons "
 love  u
"whoa, i had a dream my ex sons dad got a facebook, and what do you know? he has a facebook profile now  weirdd "
haha i'm dumb 
hmm weather com says its 108 outside  how are you liking your swamp ass?
going to try to watch the crazies for the 3rd time  hopefully i can sit still and pay attention  and then i'm going to pack!
my sons preschool teacher called to introduce herself  that was nice of her 
how cold does it get while camping? do a need a coat? or just a hoodie? i'm clueless 
feels like i packed too much stuff     hehe
"camping, peace out till sunday "
i love it when i get kicked in the face!! >=e
back from camping   wink 
i'm not going to drink anymore 
"45 minutes without power, kind of fun "
can't sleep !
in the mood to              i don't even know 
"chalk it up, downtown this weekend  i really miss going downtown!"
goodnight
water fight in the house  i won 
"even if he is a bit crazy, and for that reason i can't be with him   it still would make me mad to see him talking to another girl "
mmmmmmmmmmmm hot link sandwich and garlic fries 
ugh  ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
"very very, bored "
today is going by super fast 
whatever 
"straightening my hair , and watching <propfemale>   love  it  could never get tired of that show "
shopping                           annoyed 
swamp balls hot out  i don't even have balls 
hella want some chorizo or some <propfemale> side ups with toast and bacon
i dont feel good  not at all 
my son has his first day of preschool tomorrow!!!! make momma proud baby!!!
new phone number 7064330 yay
haha im sitting here waiting for my to go order and the owner thanked me for my yelp review no wonder i got a weird look when he saw me 
my son is the odd kid  first  was in a <propfemale> costume and now he is a catapillar hes the only one haha still here and loving the weather
damn being a preschool teacher is a lot of work  i ended up staying the whole day to help out  had nothing better to do
are you kidding me  stresssed   cant he slip up and be put away 
might was well be christmas morning
chilling in the park with my boy  feels good to wake up early these days 
hell yeah  love making decisions on a whim 
i loved staying at preschool and playing with all of the kids   smile )
cleaning up puke before going on a date  love it 
"i saw <propfirst> and <propmale> wayans last night at the comedy club, hella funny and a good time "
"it's been like 2 1 2 years since my boy has been sick, besides a basic cold  i'm out of practice!"
wwwwwwtttttttfffff
i cant seem to get out of bed   smile  meeting and food shopping today 
i want to see a live band play soon or go dancing 
watching cartoons from the late 40's-50's  love little <propfemale> 
  sologirl    keep myself in check   smile 
"¿s??o?ss? dn s,????"
     seriously i think he is a little scam artist  hes saying everything he can to stay out of school    
 sad 
3 weekends till till 
time for some new hair  i'm thinking a long a-line 
are you kidding me? my phone sucks  screw you metro!
big brother 12 finale tonight   smile 
mmm these gummy bears taste like plastic
omg im so bored  extremely  bored 
having a great time  i rarely go out on weekdays  so this is nice
omg this new neighbor is a cunt 
watching goonies and eating nachos with my boy  (glad he likes the movie!)
can't stand ass kissers and brown nosers 
listening to music they would play in the roller rink back in the day  nice memories   smile  although i neever had a guy to slow skate with lol
at this rate i will be in bed at 8pm  on a damn friday night   annoyed 
luau party tonight   with my mom and son    lol 
the night is still young    
today is going to be great!!
my son said im so mean    haha  that little punk doesn't even know 
i love getting text messages hours after they were sent  thanks metro 
"if there ever is a website with past talk show episodes i would be so happy!! <propfemale> lake, <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> bey, <propfemale> jones, <propmale>,     "
sweet!  my son didnt cry when i dropped him off      smile 
hmm   
needs some new hobbys or to get back into my old ones  this doing nothing but chilling is getting lame
want to listen to some old r&b and get the groove on 
mmmm la bou for breakfast  great morning   
 love   love   love   love  very happy and can't wait till friday   love   love   love   love 
hella happy right now  great night
"any girl i knew as a kid, remember on the playground, they had those metal bars, and we would sit on it, with one leg over, and then spin around and around? what is that called? does anyone remember that?"
aw i just made a strangers day   love 
"you know what,  i don't really have anything to post about  last night was great, and today is going pretty good so far   love "
i reveal too much about myself  less is more 
"one question: do you need    someone, or do you need me?    forget it, i don't really care -say anything "
he's so awesome   love 
ugh!  love         wink 
i want mongolian bbq and a slushie  oooh    <propfemale> bad 
new hair and a new cardigan   smile 
"im sitting here eating breakfast, casually with myself  and im thinking if i would have stayed, how misrable i would still be  greatful that i got out  heres to a year of happiness   smile "
kinda lame i don't know any good make out spots or cliffs around sacramento   annoyed     i've been here all my life 
cillian and i can't sleep   we're laying in the dark cuddling 
aww being around these babies makes me want another one in 5 years  voluteering for picture day
i just did a snort laugh infront of a bunch of adults  am i 12   smile 
i guess i'm alone in my awesomeness    annoyed     
 love   love   love   love       
hmm forgot i signed up to be at the preschool today  they are wild today 
going out tonight   smile 
cloud 9  smile 
i know what i want     
my netbook is only charging to 57%   ughh!!
arughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
ready to get out of cali  wednesday i'll be relaxing on the beach 
i'm such a 15 year old 
what a sad movie   sad    the little boy is so adorable  (kite runner)
off  day    didnt brush my wet hair before bed and that movie got me crying so im looking like a mess 
too much redbull    on the way to the airport   smile 
i will roam these streets by myself!
i wont even try anymore!
snorkeling was a lot of fun  we were there for like   4 hours  not even tired 
"cillian and i are taking it easy today  play on the beach later, and a boat ride at sunset   i'm on to my 3rd pair of sandals already  ow!"
i want to go to apple hill
it's cold up in this bitch
"ahh drinks on a boat at sunset     loving it  going back out to eat dinner, and then the kiddo is going to bed and i'm going to roam the streets of hawaii, it could only be better if i had some company!!  smile "
"next time i should bring a friend  and better shoes  i found a place to drink and dance, but my sandals are embarrassing   sad ("
going to rent a bike and ride around the island!!!! while my mom takes the boy to play in the water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! starving!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"my mom thinks i'm out roaming around, but i came back to the hotel to take a nap    hehe  i was up till 5am cali time  im tired!"
snorkeling again today  i feel like laying in bed all day though 
last full day in hawaii tomorrow     annoyed 
we used to fuss when the landlord dissed us-no heat-wonder why christmas missed us birthdays was the worst days now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay
drinks tonight  i want to end up swimming with the fishes
 love  u 
be still my eyes    seen enough dangling foreign man junk to last me a few weeks  whys it always got to be hairy old men   
great night 
back in sacramento     smile 
rest in peace big fat fish    wish i knew you were dead before i stuck my hand it dead fish water  ew 
looking at apartments online     wishful thinking  one of these days i'll get my own place again   smile 
crafty mama today 
doesn't seem like a friday at all   i think i will watch movies till i fall asleep   
who is sucking up all of my energy? decorating for halloween today       wink 
bloody nose   wtf
i hate when the toilet seat covers stick to my butt cheeks 
white zinfandel      love 
ow my head!
"funny episode of cops    sitting on drugs and no clue how they got there     \then how did these gay magazines get here?\""    hehehe    sewing and watching cops  great night """
i want to go to a comedy club soon
  the first day it's cold my hip starts hurting again        wtf!
                                     
bored
had fun tonight   smile  thanks  playful 
my son just embarrassed me   really bad in front of my brother   last time i change in front of him  (son not my brother lol)  
hot pink
oh dissed tribal tats and then this guy shpwed me his dinky arm tribal   lol
hella bored     hella hella    
   grow old along with me   
feeling great looking great   sup with it
   i wonder how life would be if she were here    annoyed 
im about this >< close to getting a hooker
nothing is as good as you can imagine it  no one is as beautiful as she is in your head  nothing is as exciting as your fantasy -chuck  p
am i the only one who hasnt bothered to get pumpkins?
i want mongolian bbq so bad
i feel like laying in bed all day
i'm a good ass mood thanks to the mudslide for lunch  got to <propfemale> out with some chill people too 
yay!
relaxing tonight    smile 
damn i cant get 411 on my phone   thats stupid  i was trying to call animal control on a limping pit walking in the street  f metro
this guy is sitting behind me breathing really loud     wtf  damn i want to hit up them thrift stores   been a minute   want some funky vintage junk
"greatness is not where we stand, but in what direction we are moving  we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it~ but sail we must, and not drift, nor lie at anchor  ~oliver holmes"
30 mins late to class and we already get a long break   lol  would rather be in bed cuddling   !
dang i want to go to san <propfemale> and chill
    there is part of a cats arm laying next to the sewer  it's gray    guess who has raises gray cats (blue brits)     guess what today was    trash day      guess who has 2 cats in the window     my damn neighbor!  ewwwwwwwwww   sad 
damn hes sleeping already!
 love   love   love  solo girl  love   love   love 
eh fuck it  staying home today  i feel a little crappy  and i just want to hangout in bed  my sweet brother will still drop cillian off at preschool  yay  
its a reallllly nice day out 
whats changed since i was in elementary school? no more halloween parties in class?    when did parents become so uptight and unfun? !!! i never remember someones religion being a problem for halloween parties at school     halloween isn't evil    lol   
mmm good mongolian bbq   
i could go for some chili rellenos   mmmm  stuck in class
munchies like a mug 
cillian and i are having a sleepover at sophias and danielles  smile 
ahhhhhhhhhhh
chilled   whattttttt
love u
hmm had a nice and thoughful conversation with my mom about my life and getting it together   
"could be dangerous, now i know that mongolian bbq is just 7 minutes away     "
he's in the pokey getting poked 
kinda boring night for a saturday    but that is ok    i'm sluggish still from last night 
ah what time do kids go trick or treating? when it gets dark? almost dark?
"hell yeah, i'm going to dress up tonight  this caffeine has me going "
huh   at the liquor store  wow do i really want a drink  hmm wont do it  i need to stop if im feeling like this  i got snacks instead 
the walking dead is on in 5 minutes     better go get comfortable in the living room 
loved the show      
 love   love   love  yay it's november  love this month   love   love   love 
bored!!
i can go downtown again  smile    at least for now   yay
my brother is coming home later tonight   and cillian gets to finally see the other half of his family this weekend     so far it's a good week for him   smile 
wtf today is going by too slow  too many things i need to tkae care of    my year of sleeping in is over  sad    
today i think i will get some new bras  i'm tired of adjusting myself        smile 
good deed done for the day  saved a distsressed worm from the sun   smile  now watch  a bird shit on me
im going to get on that air and water diet   lol  i kid 
taking care of important stuff instead of sleeping in   i kind of miss being a night owl
omg someone save me   
ugh  ugh  ugh  excited for monday   smile  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! looking forward to the weekend   smile 
"i don't really care what people think of me, it's more of- i care what i think of me "
"would you eat road kill?- some people say they would, but i couldn't do it  i'm not a cave woman   "
 smile 
another night with him  smile 
relaxing at home watching road runner with my best boy   smile  missed my son 
damn its dark already   
"paralegal today, i got good vibes over the phone, hope it works out     "
i'm not liking this earlier then it feels crap 
mmm i love it when an e playful ensive hair product spills all over my brand new bras and undies  loveeee ittttt  the damn bottle is empty now! it has great aim to fall into a shopping bag 
"so,\ <propfirst> <propmale>, a priest, a little boy, and <propfirst> <propmale> are on a plane \  the plane is going down and about to crash   there is only one \parachute   the priest says save the child!\ <propfirst> <propmale> says \""yo", fuck \a5e57e834675bd224483f laugh 1d09611f4,making egg rolls     so far the filling is really good  
finally figured out how to edit and organize my ipod  it's much more simple then what i was making it out to be 
"feels like i have a cold, with the flu without the fever     anyways   i feel like ass "
i get it loud and clear       sad 
feels like a friday   wine will keep me company tonight   smile 
when you rediscover a fortune cooking saying     i think it's trying to tell you something  making egg rolls and then off to the store for some wine 
must buy myself a corkscrew ! must!
i need some damn comedy in my life  comedy club or someshit 
i still can't taste or smell anything     sad 
no foolin' huh? it's really only 10 smile 4pm    
i like to go out and do fun things   don't you?  smile 
haha at the flea market with <propfirst>    we are buying a bike and saw one of his bikes that was stolen  fuckin crack heads
extremely bored   
where can a girl go have a nice dinner and listen to live jazz? or something mellow  jeez 
"i'm slacking on watching the new show   frowny  you know the one, well if you know me enough "
 love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love  u 
this not being able to taste anything is getting old   almost a week   hope it goes away by the weekend  !!
so for awhile my netbook has only charged half way  and now it's only charging half of that     wtf!
i'm in a fantastic mood  =} =}  love   love   love 
cillians got 4 older girls over here who want to play with him    okay maybe they just want his toys   smile 
damn  alarm   running late but still going slow  playful 
i  feel so out of place with adults sometimes   
i want to go to san <propfirst> or shit at least something like that  need to get out of sac
heh whatever
whats for dinner??? eel soup!!!!!
i need some excitement     but not the drinking kind    
"i don't want to be everything to everyone, but i would like to be something to someone  -j"
"1  my netbook now only charges for an hour (but it's really less then that) 2  it's raining, so i won't go downtown tonight  3  i think i'll stay home and test out my new cork screw  4  i need some excitement 5  i think i will have some excitement saturday night  6      that is all "
watching comedians preform and drinking while laughing my ass off    pretty good friday night in   wink 
date tonight   smile  !!!!!
i look like a mess tonight     damn
 smile  cant sleep!
"hahaa   some random person is texting me, and i'm going along with it   it's some young sounding hoodlum   playful    "
"last night sucked, my boy couldn't stop coughing for like an hour straight  he was saying \i don't want to cough anymore\""    sad  poor baby """
in a mood to clean out my room and get rid of stuff i'm not using or don't need 
must    dance    sooon 
he makes me happy   smile 
 sad  whatever dude 
another one bites the dust   fuck the holidays 
"life is too short to not have that \sweetness\"" i crave  fuck it """
"i want some puerto rican food   it's been so long  :,(   "
my son is turning into a tween girl   playful 
watching the hangover and getting ready to go out   laugh 
 love   love  had a great night with him   love   love    dinner and a movie   laugh 
hmmmmm     
holy shit
whoops forgot to drop off my boys homework and show in tell  sad  its his day
i need some company and fun on the 3rd     sad 
ohhh it was hard to get out of bed this morning  its easier for me to get up with less sleep 
 annoyed 
out to eat with my mom and son    soul food  playful 
today will be a long day   sad  court house 
2 hours to kill with nothing to do  didnt know thet have wifi!  sad  too much caffeine so i cant sleep  ugh!
i have 48 hours to turn myself in to county jail    
"i was thinking of calling it an early night, shower, and get into bed, but then i realized it's not even 6pm  ugh "
watching celeb  rehab  gummi bear is funny  ;p
 love  my brothers  they are so sweet sometimes  they help me out a lot with my son   smile 
"in these bodies we will live, in these bodies we will die, where you invest your love, you invest your life   "
you got to be shittin me! on demand has lots of good movies on   smile 
going out with my friend   laugh   laugh   laugh  $$$$$$
damn this drink is good 
these card games look confusing i cant even remember how to play slots  im a kid
whats up!! not shit!!!
"bored, i guess  ; "
"damn, i wish my son was old enough to cook me some breakfast "
somethings off  ; 
 love   love   love 
such a nice day out  smile 
damn there are a lot of dumb fucks out tonight 
sup!
"please post a picture of your (or someone else's) ass for colon cancer awareness   the goal is to see nothing but asses by january 1   we're not sure how, but somehow this will cure colon cancer for good   repost if you're not an awful, terrible person who hates puppies "
 smile  at the preschool today playing with the kids 
today i caught myself smiling for no reason    then i realized i was thinking about you  -   wink 
"uh, whats up with the new status bar? anyway  watching a <propmale> renfro movie  i miss him "
la bou has better coffee then starbucks  yeah i said it   smile 
who the hell gave <propfemale> grace a new show?????!!! can't stand her  ugh 
do you ever feel like putting on your shoes and just running? i do 
he's so sweet  smile 
"downtown today, with my mom and my son   love "
yay the <propfemale> parade  i love downtown sac 
woohoo cillian got to spend a lot of time with <propfemale> before he got his pictures taken   smile  he was so excited 
name change   smile 
my son asked me what gay means     what a fun age ;p
fuck your dreary heart 
did facebook get rid of spellcheck    haha 
i need more then this     annoyed 
when i ask you to kiss my pulse you offer to start the shower  i want a verb and you give me a noun  what do you dream up while i tongue you down?-why?
this seats taken  wink 
 annoyed 
don't be a snooze fest 
"we over slept, so now we are watching despicable me   love        damn i want <propfemale> garden "
"hmm   this new kids on the block shit is messing up my music flow  \i'll be loving you forever\"" has got to go                annoyed   but i will add new kids was the only boy bad i was ever into """
                   love    wink 
"hes such a dork, running around like a loner army dude,  smile "
i want to drink vodka 
stop over plucking and drawling on your eyebrows in a half circle      annoyed    it never looks ok 
coffee with my guy   smile 
feels like i have a lot going on this coming week   annoyed        
"well shit, i think i can get my son to do just about anything when i tell him <propfemale> is watching   wink "
straight trippin i have my crazy eyes on     wink 
boo hoo boo hoo
"after waking up 2am from passing out last night, i must say, i had a great time hanging out with myself in a quiet house  i miss staying up late "
awful timing for my son to get sick  we have a lot of fun things to do this week   !!
"hella bored, i could have been doing festive xmas stuff with my best girlie   playful "
"i'm extremely tired today    going to have dinner with my family in a little bit, and then get my mind and outfit together for court in the morning   sad "
found semi realistc ticking grenades   my mini swat team guy is lovin it
        annoyed 
 smile   smile   smile  luck luck luck luck that the judge isn't a <propmale> luck luck luck luck
nothing can keep me down for too long  i'm still loving today   smile 
sup!
my little cootie snatcher better stop eating crap in my bed   playful  now i know what my dad was talking about when he used to complain about sleeping on chip crumbs   playful 
"its such a nice day out, hoping it stays like this for the next two days  on our way downtown to see cillians family   smile "
hey there is a <propmale> jones movie  didn't know that 
going out with my guy   love 
yay christmas <propfemale> day     smile   smile   smile 
making appetizers    hmmm   
wish we had more people to celebrate christmas with  i miss my dad <propfirst> and my sister <propfemale> <propfirst>  rest in peace !!!!!
jealous of everyone's christmas tamales    playful 
who is dosing me with sleepy time tea?
"<propfirst> carlin: \i'm keeping him in my thoughts \"" where? where exactly in your thoughts does he fit? in between \""my ass hurts in this chair\"" and \""let's fuck the waitress\""?"""
at the comedy club  smile 
 smile ~
this documentary made me cry!  sad 
"my paralegal called today, and he never got a response back   what the    anyways moving on  we will file as a default  grrrr  happy friday!!!!"
really wish i wasn't tired still   but i don't feel good at all 
lets see how long a corn dog takes to cook while im sober   smile 
haha no one can see my status anymore
i want to travel  i want to go to new york
 love 
kind of depressed today  called into preschool  i was doing fine then got really tired   sad  hopefully i will see <propfirst> today
a lot on my mind 
i haven't seen my ipod for a few days   i always misplace it   sad 
"i had such an awesome zombie dream  they were kind of slow, but could climb fences    at the end i watched as my alive friends got attacked and so i said fuck it and walked into a group of them "
finally tried hummus    blehhhhhh     annoyed 
"one question: do you need    someone, or do you need me?    forget it, i don't really care  -say anything"
"hanging out at preschool today, getting a package delivered later!  smile   smile "
my son is already talking about and planning his 5th birthday party 
this weather is perfect!!!!
somethings off today
"i was told not to turn on the bedroom light, as it will burn my sons eyes    i think he is trying to get out of going to school "
"my new charger and cords came today, charged the camera and across old videos of when cillian was a baby- before he could walk, through when he was learning to talk  <propfirst> was in them too, looking so happy playing with him   sad  ugh i miss him, what a great step dad  i will show them to cillian later "
listening to sweet <propfemale> by the <propfemale> underground    i realized i've never a <propfemale> before 
strong will power right?
my brother <propfirst> is awesome   playful 
damn my girl soph can cook   smile 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i love my boyfriend   smile 
is in a gorilla head lock 
the superbowl is lame  yawwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
"my son likes to get wedgies, does that make him gay?"
"kind of sucks, it is what it is "
do you still love my smile? does it still make your day?
my son has awesome uncles   playful   playful   playful 
"remember you are not a bad mother if you choose to take time for yourself once in awhile  you are human too, and it's actually pretty healthy to do so    wink "
did anyone notice when you click on someones picture it looks different?
no one is volunteering today so im staying at preschool   playful 
i have nothing more to give you than my heart    playful 
 love   love   love   love  <propmale> & <propfemale> is on netflix 
i was going to go downtown later today    but the person i was going to see was  drunk by 9:15am!!! damn drunkard!
"feels kind of nice to be home on a saturday morning, and up early   smile "
"getting an early start on spring cleaning, which makes it great since i'm in the mood to get rid of stuff   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
hanging out with <propfirst> tonight   smile  he's such a great guy!
my son is covered in hives!!! oh dear!!!!  playful 
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone  i have my little <propfirst> cuddling up tp me  smile  o <propfemale>
ugh
i love you   wink 
"damn, forgot what i came on the computer to do      annoyed  i know it wasn't for facebook though    "
"sweet! took my son out after taking him to the doctors, didnt know kids eat free today at chilis ! and the place is empty!"
"whats going down in rancho? helicopters and police cars going by, hopefully it's not another shooting    "
i'm starting to look old  27 in 52 days    ugh 
what is there to do today?
my son wants a ghillie suit   you know so he can be stealth around the house looking like a bush? what a dork 
fb has published phone <propfirst> for awhile   calm down 
"life is too short to be sad and stressed out  fuck that, we all end up dead anyways  best live it up and enjoy it while you are here "
omgggggg hahaha the shit i look up at this hour 
another friday night saturday morning home to relax  love     going to see my boyfriend tonight   love   love   love 
i think i brought half my room to my bfs house   smile 
does anyone know any good indian food restaurants in sacramento?
getting samosa and pakora  smile  hope its good 
"i watch a lot of depressing documentaries, but tarnation is fucking crazy "
 annoyed 
 love   smile 
mongolian bbq with <propfirst>   smile 
 sad  could go for some crispy fried chicken    mmmm
zero appetite not even crispy fried chicken or steak sounds good anymore   what the hell 
got to see my guy today   smile  seeing him made me feel better   smile 
"my son is so proud of his muscles  he knows when it eats healthy food his muscles get bigger   but really    ;  they are like twigs, haha  i hope he doesn't realize they aren't getting any bigger  i think that would crush him "
"this heating pad sucks, it starts blinking and isn't hot anymore   wtf   sad  i  dread getting old "
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are picking up cillian and taking him to lunch   smile  how sweet of them 
"i've been a bum lately, my ass has been planted in bed a little too long, can't wait till i feel better and can't wait to move  but for tonight    i'm a bum   sad "
 love  so in love 
although i've seen every episode to the point i can quote it     hell yeahh    my so called life is on netflix       smile   smile   smile  thanks netflix!
"it may be your parents fault if you are the way you are, but it's your fault if you stay that way -???"
old school <propfirst> brothers and cocktails with <propfirst>    smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
beautiful things can come from the dark       
"why do we do things we know we shouldn't? i came across the box of my sisters things, and couldn't stop myself from looking  her girl scout uniform, which wasn't yet completed with patches    and her school book that wasn't finished     the last photo of her    ugh "
bought some easy to read science books for cillian    he'll love them    smile 
"don't hate, fornicate!"
when you start talking like your batteries are dying  the words get slow  when there are things you don't want me to know  but before you let the room go to ice  i remind you that the song on the radio is nice   so let's just listen  -  love 
 smile 
"\i'm keeping him in my thoughts \"" where? where exactly in your thoughts does he fit? in between \""my ass hurts in this chair\"" and \""let's fuck the waitress\""?- <propfirst> carlin """
love love love xiu xiu  smile 
"damn, i want to play kickball   that's like the best sport ever  i wonder if it's still played in schools?"
going roller skating tonight with my best <propmale> soph!  laugh   laugh   laugh   wink   wink 
hella fun roller skating  we haven't fell  smile   smile   smile   smile 
 love  this show  say yes to the dress    thanks netflix   playful 
 smile  pizza and cocktails   smile   smile   smile 
"ohh the things you write on facebook after a few too many drinks  no, i'm not singgggglllle   playful "
ohhh    june is going to be good  i didn't realize how close i am to taking another vacation 
"so whats up? whats the deal? am i sick or not? another round feeling like i have a cold, but not 100%     ears, throat and nose but only like 4% messed up "
what's taking my video game so long? it's stuck in kentucky  it's been 10 days already   sad  amazon is slacking 
blasting music and playing my new game with cillian    yeahhh <propmale>   playful  (he's good)
cillian is allergic to mesquito bites  glad nothing serious happens when he gets a bite  lil bastards 
i can't even say what im in the mood for      wink 
"damn, she just got attacked by a shower curtain    "
"rolling through downtown     smile  ooomgggg i miss living here, just being here   "
lunch and shopping with my mom  smile 
"to get a bottle, or not to get a bottle     hmmmm    "
"damn, <propmale> white    you know what i mean  wink "
     i gave up on playing cooties  so confusing lmaoo 
"my son is the \weird\"" kid  wonderful"""
"damn, i have a great guy  hes a total babe too "
kid napping  music going  nice breeze in my room   shots and sewinggggggg shorts for the preschool class bear  ohh yeah   love  it 
for no real reason at all    today fuckin rocks   smile 
"is there anything connected from your neck (left) to your left insides, like around the lower ribs?  annoyed "
my son is not taking this first bloody knee well   annoyed 
 annoyed  i give up
"i forget when i pour, i forget when i take a shot  ohh yeahhh"
im getting jelly all over the place come lick it up
at the preschool today  makes me want more kids 
 love  you <propfirst> martinez
possible tattoo tonight with my best friend    hmmm what to get
tattoo time!
yay!
hehehehehehee
last night as a 26 year old     smile 
kind of want to just sleep    kind of want to go to the store    
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
oooohh <propfirst> leguizamo      love 
hmm at the preschool today    cillian didnt want me to leave and they need an extra person    wish i ate!!
mormon cocksuckers 
love that i can just leave when stressed  ahh to breathe
do you want to know a secret? i'm really not into 80's hair (butt?) rock 
happiness is a few severed ties away      wink 
"a good way to have someone call you back is to leave a message \hey asshole\"" and <propfemale> up   playful  worked like a charm!!!"""
520 easter eggs  playful  waiting for the kiddos
cillians first spring break    wooo hooo 
ready for bed  or something     
"she kissed me just right, like only a lonely angel can -  love "
missing    something   love 
" smile  great morning so far    in the kitchen trying to figure out how to make a quiche ( craving it!!) it was just me and cillian at home, until           the neighborhood kids showed up!!!  laugh  yay  i love company!"
"damn, i think my shower was a little too hot and long! sleepy now "
"   i shall never google \mom and son\"" again   annoyed """
"lol at people who think they are tough and \don't give a shit\"" on fb """
 indecision  oh no <propfirst> stepped on one of my sewing needles   hehe    glad it wasn't me!
 playful   smile   playful 
this is the lamest weekend ever and it's only friday 
love you <propfirst>!
ughh   the smell of vinegar  
happy easter everyone  bbq and egg hunt later   
yay jesus was a zombie!
   
"it makes me feel good that everyone in cillians other family still e playful ects me, regardless that i left his dad "
<propmale> koopa jr  can kick rocks   sad   sad  holdin me back bro  trying to get my <propfirst> on 
the new perfume flower bomb smells like a flowery vicks vapor rub  ew  not good for someones first perfume line  (it's in the fancy harpers bazaar)
>=p
hmmm     totally forgot what i was thinking  completely out of my mind 
back to running  i brought it indoors tonight on my wii fit  3 700 <propmale>  i need to find a good time to run outside    it was creeepy last night in rancho 
i  love  the show weeds    smile 
does anyone know when second saturday is back in midtown? ohh   i miss midtown 
hello!
hellll yeah   great saturday  great mood 
at my 2nd favorite spot    right next to <propfirst> on his couch   smile 
hmmm i could think of a couple of things i wish i was doing right now      all badddddd 
   my son sounds like he's purring in his sleep all snuggled up with me   smile 
i could go for some nachos and a cocktail     sad   sad 
whoops ordered 2 army tank pinatas   smile 
anyone else do their best thinking in the shower?
hobo with a shotgun looks pretty good     
i could go for some mexican food and cocktails!!!!
can i tap that?
amtrak tickets booked for june 18th-26th     laugh 
ugh!  sad 
hah  every month when i got online to pay my phone <propmale>   i forget my password and have to have it reset  everytimeeeee 
should be downtown listening to <propfemale> <propfirst> and who cares while drinking cocktails with <propfemale> caspers     sad 
hmmmm
