8c81656ed3b9f6fcd99e70bc01d1fbe8
"can\t wait for 4 surprise 0 heading to camp with my girlfriends for the weekend!!!"""
happy the kids are in bed and i have a bottle of wine!!!
"life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the number of moments that take our breath away  \anonymous\"""""
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!
"<propmale>, my 6 year old, said as he was putting away the dishes tonight \mom could you put the knives away because i am not comfortable handling knives \"""""
note to self; do not shop on senior citizen day at the grocery store!  frowny \\
happy to not be on call for a week!
hehehehehehe  should log off next time mother   laugh 
thank you all for coming over  i had a great time and enjoyed your company at the cook out (the not capitalized one!)
should of picked a profession that gets summers off! what was i thinking?
wishing it was still the weekend!
got a lot more out of the conference today than i thought i would of! it has been inspiring!
had a fabulous weekend at camp with the girls! so blessed to have great friends 
"considering a different profession today, it's been rough and it isn't even half over!"
"taking a break from reality, not sure when i will return!"
"dirty girl mud run tomorrow, hope i make it!"
"wasn't first, wasn't last, but i made it!"
"day 2 of family psycho education confrence, 1 day left  3 days of sitting still might kill me!"
"last day of confrence, happy to be heading home!"
garage sale today  9-12 smile 0pm 329 <propmale>
monday frowny 
"facebook just released their price grid for membership  $9 99 per month for gold member services, $6 99 per month for silver member services, $3 99 per month for bronze member services, free if you copy and paste this message before midnight tonight  when you sign on tomorrow morning you will be prompted for payment info   it is official it was even on the news  facebook will start charging due to the new profile changes  if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message on if not your account will be deleted if you do not pay"
mondays are much better when you on vacation! minus the sick child!
