bc57e836b20668d1b651bef628984c0d
happy new year everyone!
"sometimes, it just doesn't pay to speak   crap "
"feeling self examinate tonight, and i don't have a stethoscope   i suppose, all these quizes will have to do "
"i'm trying to decide whether or not i should cut my hair off and donate it to locks for love   i've been talking about it for years, but i really love my hair   of course, it always grows back   should i go through with it before it gets too thin, or should i not cut it because it might get thinner?"
"i had a great time at my second parents' house today on a great cookout   i got to make my older nephews walk the plank before getting tossed in the pool   i'm glad i didn't wear my boots today   i would have sunk to the bottom   i hope everyone had a great memorial day!  thanks to all those who served, both with us and beyond "
i have begun to wonder about the wisdom of allowing someone i've only known for about twenty minutes to stick needles into my back 
playing farmville   does anyone else love those new island pigs?  they're adorable   i've got to get one of those!
"my dsl is so dodgy that i can barely get any of the applications games to work   i can get into farmville, but i can't visit neighbors' farms   frag it!  i need to get this fixed!"
"it's sister week!! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on, and kept you strong   copy and paste this to your status!    my sisters are my best friends: abi & <propfemale>!   love "
"farmville friends!  i am working on my nursery barn, so i need help getting the supplies for it   i have seven items so far, but that is a long way from 50   i need everything, so anything you choose to send will help   also, i really want a goat, and i can't figure out where to buy one "
i'm sitting here eating some <propmale> & <propfirst>'s <propfemale> delicious ice cream and getting things ready for tomorrow   tomorrow i have the first side of my back being shot up   wish me luck!
"so far, so good with the procedure   i'll know more by tomorrow   right now, i am feeling like saint <propmale> "
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family, while you’re at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military    appreciation week  re-post this if you are in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate the military"
"yay <propfemale>!  i adopted the pink calf you had for farmville, and i got an award for adopting so many animals   the award?  a goat!  i'm not saying that i wouldn't love more goats; i'm just saying i'm thrilled with finally getting one   i also got a mystery egg from you and got a gold chicken!  today has been a fine day for farmville! who got the other spaghetti sheep?  isn't it adorable??"
"i like my new doctor, but he is leaving in two weeks   then, i have to meet my new new doctor   my new doctor spent nearly 90 minutes with me and told me a lot of things i didn't know   that's really hard to top "
"home alone on saturday night, wearing a supergirl camisole and scooby doo shorts and watching anime   why don't more geeks like me??"
"i wish children still sold <propfemale> door to door   people showing up at my door, offering me <propfemale> without having to leave the house is the best way for me to part with my cash and gain happiness "
"frontierville neighbors!  i can't get the gift send function to work today, so i can't send anything   if you post that you need something though, i can follow the link and give it to you, so make sure to post!  also, i really need supplies (one of each) to finish my general store   please help!  thanks!   laugh "
"from \the last airbender\"" movie page:  it's avatar week annoyed ",bc57e836b2066 laugh 1b651bef628984c0d,"thanks for the ribbon for frontierville <propfemale>!  now, i only need one more!"
i dreamed last night that i married gideon payne   i wonder if this means that i'm destined to be with someone who spends half his life in the stacks doing research and the other half getting body parts lopped off in an attempt to avenge my murder; or does it just mean i'll end up alone with my own imagination   i'm not sure which is more frightening 
"i love the way <propfemale> tries to claim to be a southern state, just because it is south of the mason-dixen line   what side of the war did you fight in, huh?  huh?  that chicken song is stuck in my head   i really want a big icy glass of cheerwine and a meal from <propmale> jangles    "
"frontierville friends!  my friend alcynda lune is a nice neighbor who is looking for more neighbors   if you'd like more neighbors, please send her an add request   thanks! \\additionally, i need help getting the rest of the supplies for my barn   i need two of everything but bricks   i need three bricks   thanks!  happy pioneering!"
"i thought \the last airbender\"" was made by shamaylan", not the ember island players    surprise   \bc57e836b2066 laugh 1b651bef628984c0d,is there a way to edit my wall to make it easier to get actual posts through the million application posts?  i'm dying here   
"it's so damned hot!!!  it says that the temperature is 97f, and the humidity is at 28%, but it feels much, much worse   i'm wondering if this apartment is just muggy and miserable or if my body is "
"the heat here was over 100f today, and i think, my organs have actually started to melt   i never thought that anything could make me miss winter "
"i got the last of the needles shoved into the nerves of my back today   it hurt a lot more than the last two times, but that may just be because i felt horrible when i arrived   i'm sure i'll feel right as rain after a nice three day nap though "
"frontierville friends!  what the heck -- still no one has planted any flax?  i planted flax, and i still have some, because i know my neighbors need it for their quests   if you need any other crops planted for quests, please let me know   i'm just irked that no one has flax!  did i miss some?"
"only\ an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like asister and \love like a friend! if you're an aunt who loves hernieces & \nephews, post this as your status! you all know aunties? you"
does anyone know how to use the credits that we were given for our app games?
"petville neighbors!  does anyone need any sod for their yard or any keys?  please post here if you do   i have extras, and they are first post, first gift   please specify which colors of keys you need, if any   thanks!\\i have finished my yard and unlocked <propfemale> meadows   i am still constructing my tiki hut and soon my <propfemale> treehouse though, so supplies are appreciated "
frontierville note:  so many chickens!!  is it bad when you are beginning to root for the fox?  and next     50 geese   that's going to be a long term goal 
"i'll feel better enough now to realize i pulled every muscle in the front of my torso throwing up this weekend   i'm off \one piece\"" until it doesn't feel like torture to laugh """
"the new medication seems to be helping, as i fell asleep before the \one piece\"" theme was over last night   that's very relieving   i have been very stressed about my inability to sleep -- mainly because i haven't been sleeping """
"i've already had enough out of today, and it's only 12:28   i'm going to give up and just make this a movie & anime day   i hope it works out better for the rest of you "
"i don't feel well, and i'm very hungry   someone needs to come over and make me dinner   watching, \come dine with me\""   thanks m for introducing it to me    smile """
living alone stinks   there's no one else to blame when the ice cream is gone 
desperately craving taco salad 
"if you could be any fictional character, who would you choose?"
"ok, so i figured out at around 7am (after another sleepless night) that my apartment is, on average, 10f hotter than it is outside with my window unit running on full night and day   i gave up, shut it off, and opened all the windows and the back door (i have a locking storm door)   it cooled by 15f within an hour   it is still not comfortable, but it is no longer like a sauna   progress!"
"app neighbors!!  i am getting ready to start sending out daily gifts for farmville, frontierville, petville, & treasure isle   does anyone need anything in particular?"
"<propfirst> lohan who? i cant believe the coverage given to a spoiled 20-something yr old  here are a few 20 year olds worth knowing about: <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propmale> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propmale>hew <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, & <propmale> tate 27  these 20-somethings gav   e their lives for you this week  repost if you support our military"
"i'm going to the grocery store after the doctor (again!) tomorrow   any suggestions for foods that are easy to prepare and, at least, mostly cold served?  i'm already planning on  salad, taco salad, and chicken salad "
"app neighbors:  i am having a problem with most of my apps not allowing me to send daily gifts or the gifts not being sent   if you haven't gotten anything from me, please don't feel left out   i'm working on it "
"trying to make a <propmale> decision   :    :: think, think, think ::"
<propfemale> just let me know that my <propfemale> shows that i was last online 41 *years* ago   wow 
"farmville friends!  we are working on a rice paper c surprise p   please make sure to join up with us, so we don't have to try to get 2,000 plots of rice on only two farms!   smile "
"ok guys, i'm not being allowed to send gifts on apps again today   whenever i try, i get the message that i have already used up all my requests for the day (strange, since i was off all weekend and just came back on ) "
"frontierville neighbors:  i keep getting the error message that i have too many gifts in my box and need to use some before i can accept more   i have a lot of things that can't be used sold gifted (like bouquets) and some other things, but i don't really seem to have much in there that can be disposed of   what is the limit?  does everything count toward it?"
"i'll tell you what, i'll trade you your job for my diseases   that way, you can have an \easy life\"" """
"great news!!  i just returned from the doctor, where i was informed that my cholesterol and triglycerides are within normal bounds and (most importantly) my liver enzymes are going down   my liver is still a sick little thing, but it's getting better for the first time since 2006!!  huzzah!"
"ftv neighbors:  could some of you please feed your goats and cows?  i need to tend 2 more unready cows and five unready goats, and i can't seem to find any    sad   by the by, most of my animals (other than chickens) should be ready for tending right now \\if you do feed for me, please post here, so i know whose homestead to visit   thanks!!"
"sorry that i've been gone for days   i had a medical procedure done, and it didn't agree with me "
cfs is acting up badly right now   i didn't get any sleep the last two nights   i ended up in <propfemale>'s awesome bath tub three times last night   hoping for a better night tonight 
"i figured out what i want to do for my birthday   now, i just need to find a driver   "
is heading for an epic tantrum 
"this has been a horrible few weeks   moving continues   it looks like my mother is going to end up moving to a nursing home, because her health is just that bad   i think, she will improve in a nursing home, because she'll get the medical care that she needs, but that still doesn't make it any easier   keep it up life; i'll have a heart attack!"
\when sorrows come," they come not single spies but in battalions \""\"bc57e836b2066 laugh 1b651bef628984c0d,"still packing, packing, packing, trying to get things together for my mother who is going to be doing care at home, and more packing   i had to give away my absolut et <propmale>  yesterday, which made me very said "
"i'm watching \28 days later\"" on amc with mama and looking forward to the premiere of \""the walking dead\"" at the end of the week   anyone else excited for it?"""
is now getting more stressed because she realized that the last day of the month is sunday -- not monday   less time to finish moving   d  smile 
"every\ person has thousands of wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get \better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know \that my friends will be the 3% that do, at least for an hour, in honor \of those who have died of cancer or are fighting it   yeah, no \pressure     wink "
this house will kill me in the end 
"copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except   a punch   in       the face  93% of people won't repost this        why?    because    they probably need a punch in the face"
"walking dead tonight at my house   one more day to go before the move is as complete as it is going to be   i swear, i don't think we ever owned some of this stuff   i need to move more than once in 16 years, so i can get rid of some of this stuff!!"
"it's over   it's all over   i did the best i could, and everyone is still alive, so can i ask for more?  i thought that only death or dynamite would get me out of there, and more than once, i thought of just giving up and staying; but it actually happened     i'm in shock "
"i was thinking about having a celebratory glass of alcohol, but i thought i would be smarter and just punch myself in the liver    wink "
"watching \good times\""   i miss my talking jj doll    sad """
"<propfemale> spent a good 20 minutes aggressively smelling me earlier to the point it started freaking me out   for the first time in several days my blood sugar is in the normal range, so maybe that is her way of celebrating   i promise to call an endocrinologist in the morning   that was scary though "
"i know a few of my friends have done this before, and i am trying to figure out how to do it   how do you put up the thing where you can donate to a <propfemale> for your birthday?"
i've never been so happy to know that someone didn't wear an eye patch    laugh 
currently downloading the beta for dc universe online    surprise  !!!!  i can't wait!!
"diabetes awareness month  it's not pink or sexy, it doesn't involve boobs, football players, or cute t-shirts  it's about being grateful when you or your loved one wakes up in the morning  it's about 3 am blood sugar checks, needles, low blood sugars and the smell of insulin on your hands after changing a pump site    this is a          diabetic’s life  repost this if you love someone with diabetes   smile  ?"
"i'm so pissed off at facebook right now   i was logging on to play \farmville and was assaulted by a big ad at the top of the <propfemale> (first \part you see when the <propfemale> loads) of a bear that had been tortured for \bear bating!  i burst into tears, and now i feel awful and sick on my \stomach "
"i want to sleep!  why won't the weird pain in my side comply with that!  > sad \\anime on cn, music online, and social networking will have to do for now \\dc universe online still rocks out loud "
no mr  happy liver this month   :  
"frontierville and farmville neighbors!  please send me thanksgiving dishes when you send free dishes, until the end of the week   40 each for a frontier thanksgiving??  that's crazy!"
"white rice for dinner sucks, even if i did cheat a little "
"sorry for spamming everyone with frontierville rsvp requests   i'm still ten short to finish the thanksgiving mission, and i just really want to finish it!"
"another very good video, though i wish they had something about mixed episodes   "
"i threatened so many times, but i've finally done it   i cut my hair   it was long enough that i could sit on it (even curly), but it had to be done    it was so unhealthy from all of my illness and medication that  there wasn't much choice   it feels so nice and light now   i'll post a picture at my first opportunity "
why am i suddenly getting a notification every time someone in an app sends me a gift or game request?  this needs to stop   i sometimes get 150-200 a day 
"i just updated to the new profile, and now i can't figure out how to add an album in photos   anyone know where that went?"
"and furthermore, amazon, you are on my naughty list   two day shipping indeed!!  i was supposed to have a birthday thing with my mother today, so she could help me look at the stuff she ordered for me   out of ten items, i got two   amazon, you suck too "
"i feel so much better!  <propmale> brought over some late arrivals from amazon   i've still only gotten half of my order, but what i did get was my zoro figure   i love it so much!  it really is just as cool as the slightly dorky guy on youtube who did the review described (frickin' awesome, he said!)   pictures to come   "
"i'm getting a year older, and i'd love it if that meant more funding for a group that saves innocent lives every day  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 102240?bws=st"
"i'm getting a year older, and i'd love it if that meant more funding for a group that saves innocent lives every day  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 102240?bws=st"
"i'm getting a year older, and i'd love it if that meant more funding for a group that saves innocent lives every day  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 102240?bws=st"
"i'm getting a year older, and i'd love it if that meant more funding for a group that saves innocent lives every day  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 102240?bws=st"
i got my shopping done just in time to get a virus   thank god for small mercies   i don't think i could have weathered the mall with this 
"it looks like, for the first time, i\m going to fail a timed mission in frontierville   the cotton is about a full day behind the quest timer   :    stupid virus making me slow!"""
"frontierville neighbors:  thank you to the three wonderful ladies that watered my cotton so far   will two more neighbors please water my cotton, so i don't fail my mission?  thank you in advance for your time!"
"i woke up having trouble breathing   i thought the virus was on the up-swing, but it got me while i was sleeping   i can't breathe through my nose at all, and my chest feels all raw   d:"
"i'm in that hot cold chills weak unable to sleep phase of the virus   i can never keep a thermometer working, but i think, i've had a fever for the last 24 hours, which is completely unlike me   if i am not better in the morning, to urgent care i go "
"you know how when you are sick you sometimes get weird things stuck in your head?  i have \fuck the police\"" by nwa stuck in my head   it's not the kind of thing i'd go around singing to myself   """
i feel like it's raining in here 
"i'm starting to feel like i may just live   the sad thing is that, considering the length of the virus, it is just a cold   i am terrified of the flu   i'm having a very nice evening, sitting in the dark, listening to <propfirst>, and getting ready to make try some <propfemale> beef ramen "
"dear neopets,\habitarium is too addicting   than you for stealing my life "
this year just seems to get worse with each day that passes   i hope it is not just building up for the new year 
"i had my hida scan (gallbladder and apparently some more liver tests) today   i was not prepared for the test taking two and a half hours without break, and i've felt lousy all evening   still, it was nice to see the new hospital   i doubt i'll know anything until next week "
"i'm officially in a depressive cycle   for the last three weeks, i've felt like everyone was mad at me, i never did anything right, and i was getting the cold shoulder from almost everyone   now, my (neopets) habitarium bugs (five) died from old age, and i burst into tears   i hate being bipolar    sad   \\ps  yes, i'm taking my medication properly "
"at least, i'm over the flu "
"i am disquieted and unable to sleep, with an unwavering feeling that certain doom looms on the horizon "
"\our adventure in poverty continues \""  (zoro"," \""one piece\"" 193)  \"bc57e836b2066 laugh 1b651bef628984c0d,"i have doctor's appointments for the next three days, and i think, i have two additional ones next week   i'm tired of going "
"at least, i have the weekend off before i have to have more doctor appointments    i'm dehydrated again today, so my vein collapsed before blood could be drawn   i'm just not thirsty though   the thyroid ultrasound wasn't bad, but i feel uncomfortable letting anyone have that much access to my unguarded throat "
why didn't someone tell me that i was late taking my medication?
"depression continues   i don't want to come out of my room, yet i'm very lonely   i just don't feel welcome in the world   :  "
"if everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something "
"\grapplin' with their demons in the search for liberty \"""""
"has anyone ever been to charleston, wv?  if so, what did you think of it?"
"i laughed, i cried, i threw up several times   it was just like every other day   i don't feel like i ever get anywhere "
farmville neighbors!  not sure what to send?  watering cans make the perfect gift!  i have something like 50 mystery seedlings and no water to plant them 
