f1466bb48e34ce81f77c54ee517577f2
at last 2009 is over!
woot woot i just got -1500 on farkle and not on purpose either
thanks ya'll  smile   smile  i really appreciate it
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=partier, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love you, 21=gorgeous, 22=the best, 23=couldn't live without u  smile "
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the inside of my phone screen just broke! again! and now i cant see anything on it at all! > indecision 
snowday please please please please please
here's a question to ponder  which side would win in gender war? please discuss
why do fat <propmale> and slim <propmale> mean the same thing?
i love the olympics but i didnt think that <propfemale> could be outdone but canada did it tonight it was beautiful too bad the cauldron wasnt exactly as planned but it was still a very nice finale
wow im tired today didnt want to get out of bed this morning then came to school and had two essay tests right off  ugh its exhausting zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
wow just got back from the time of my life this weekend at a big youth get together in  utah called relentless man it was good!
 sad  i miss my third hour already
never gonna give you up  never gonna let you down  never gonna turn around and desert you! never gonna make you cry  never gonna say goodbye  never gonna tell a lie to hurt you!   laugh 
woohoo sillsusa was an awesome e playful erience new awesome friends new e playful eriences and some prizes  hey when you see <propmale> be sure to give him a huge congratulations on his two golds and a silver!  laugh 
"wow funny i get back from skillsusa and my parents have left the college mail in my room right so i start reading and i come across one of them (normally when colleges mispell my name they spell it doualas, i suppose it makes sense a \g\"" could look like an \""a\"") i just start laughing it's my address and everything but the letter is address to \"" pong walker\"" now how exactly does that one work? whats next \""ponalas\"" lol"""
wooohooo looking forward to a four hour drive tomorow yeah and the best part is: im driving yeeehaaaa (for all of you that struggle catching cybercasm(thats sarcasm by type by the way) this was just a great example of such)  laugh 
"uh i am sooooo tired just got back from boise, man that is a long drive!"
 smile  make someone smile today; it will last a lot longer than any gift ever could  smile 
"woot great thing happened today  i been bummin' all day, no idea why, but then i went to church tonight and before praise and worship had even started, i was feeling better, smilin' even, man it was great  laugh "
x  science olympiad uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh brain dead xl
devil went down to <propfemale> he was lookin for a soul to steal he was in a bind cause he was way behind and he was willin to make a deal then he came across this young man sawin on a fiddle and playin it hot and the devil jumped up on the hickory stump and said boy let me tell ya wat now you play pretty good fiddle boy but give the devil his due i bet a fiddle o gold against your soul as to think im better than you
"i'm singin' in the rain, just singin' in the rain, such a glorious feeling, i'm just   "
setting up for prom all day can really leave yah emotionless
 smile  hey guys this is my new screensaver see if you can figure it out: flower ewe ht <propfemale>
"its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, would you be mine, could you be mine, wont you be my neighbor "
"cooooooome baaaack to meee, cooooooome baaaack to meee, and saaaayyy mmmyyyy land iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisss best!"
\besides, you need people on this sort of mission    quest    thing \f1466bb48e34ce81f77c54ee517577f2,"i'm starvin'! we ain't had nothin' but maggoty bread for three stinking days!\yeah, why can't we have some meat? what about them? they're fresh \they are not for eating!\what about their legs? they dont need those  ohhh, they look tasty \get back!\just a mouthful!  rrraaargh!\looks like meat's back on the menu boys!"
do you think he plans it all out? or just makes it up as he goes along?
stop blowin' holes in my ship!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"my name is inigo montoya, you killed my father, prepare to die "
missssssssssssster <propmale>
"quit tryin' tah hit me, and hit me!"
does any one know where there are open jobs?
urgh no one is on! i am bored to death! lol
 smile  most of ya'll wouldnt recognize me right now  laugh  i almost dont recognize myself  smile  i will have pictures on facebook after i get one more thing  laugh 
ugh the only person on the chat list that i actually wanted to talk to is also the only one that disappears as soon as i click on his her name i click on everyone else's to check if it will say nope they are off but nope only the one i wanted to talk to! argh how does that work?
"i want to be the very best,\like no one ever was \to catch them is my real test,\to train them is my cause \i will travel across the land,\searching far and wide \each pokemon, to understand\the power that's inside\pokemon!"
"digimon, digital monsters digimon are the champions\digimon, digital monsters digimon are the champions\digimon, digital monsters digimon are the champions\change into digital monsters to save the digital world"
it appears to be the ace of spades *e playful losion*
"hmmmmmmm, why are cookies named as they are?    you bake them, you don't cook them "
"to the death!\no! to the pain!"
 laugh  lol i always wondered what humperdink would look like if <propfirst> had carried out his threat  smile 
"if you strike me down, i will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine!"
" laugh  wouldn't we all love to know what we are supposed to do with our life? well i thank god cause as of last sunday i know what he wants me to do with it, and i feel such a great peace about it  laugh  god is great! and by the way, you are god's favorite!!!!!!  laugh "
"so it is down to you and it is down to me if you wish her dead by all means keep moving forward\let me e playful lain\theres nothing to e playful lain youre trying to kidnap what ive rightfully stolen\perhaps an arrangement can be reached\there will be no arrangment and youre killing her\well if there can be no arrangement then we are at an impasse\im afraid so i cant compete with you physically and youre no match for my brains"
" smile  coolest thing happened at lunch yesterday  we were at the park and my little brother just decides to get up and walk around me and my sisters while tapping us on the head\\uck\""\",f1466bb48e34ce81f77c54ee517577f2,"a palindrome is something that is the same backwards as it is forwards it can be literary like race car, dad, or noon it can be numerical like 2002 303 5230325 and so on  so here is a question is 27720 a palindrome? comment you answers and reasons please  laugh "
why is it so hard to walk up and down the stairs? x 
deep in the hundred acre wood       
it is so confusing when i look at someone's profile picture next to their status and then read the message but the emotion doesn't match x  lol they look sad but then their message is happy lol or vice versa
i would just like to let the world know i very much dislike glasses     oh and alleriges as well ugh lol
summer!!! summer!!! oh where have you gone?           oh well you were lame anyway but school might be worse ugh  sad 
gotta say this was the best first day of school i think i have had out of all fourteen of them  smile 
hey going out to everyone who had wanted to help with the <propmale> walk i am going to be there but my family has one car currently and my dad is getting in the airport at nine ten so i will be late
it is hard to leave a status when you are  on facebook only once every two weeks <propmale>  smile  lol
"two days ago im shoveling my walk after the first snow, im near the intersection by my house with my back to said intersection, and i hear a car stop at the stop sign like normal, but then when the car was crossing it was going slower than most of the others had so i turn around to see what the deal is, and i see a middle eastern-looking lady with a shawl wrapped over her head and tied under her neck"
changeyour profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood - join the fight against child abuse  invite a friend to do the same! the goal is to not see a human face on facebook until dec 6th and to relive wonderful childhood memories 
"our youth is traveling to relentless in feburary  we are raffeling off a 42\ flat screen tv to help with the costs of going  if anyone would like to help support our youth and have a <propmale> to win this tv let us know  tickets are $2 a piece or 12 tickets or $20 """
hey everybody at poky i have a teachers parking pass for this week and im willing to sell it to the highest bidder each day  so just comment how much you are willing to buy it for and the person with the highest bid will get it for a day
oh yeah by the way everyone this is my first time on facebook      all year!
so five hours ago i posted a comment for the sale of a teachers' lot parking pass at pocatello high school  this is just a reminder because there is fortyfive minutes left on the bidding for the pass for tomorrow  keep bidding!  smile 
