44622a7f26bd1b38eb2d224038155889
"i flew into norfolk, va  at 3 surprise 0 this afternoon  the high today when i landed was 32`  man, there's an island somewhere south of here with my name on it!"
"i cleared the medical screenings today, so i'll be on my way after a couple of short schools  ooorahh!!"
"my first choice for tonights game was that the big one would hit during the first quarter, that the ground would open up and swallow both teams  but, i thought about it and realized that the sec couldn't win four in a row if that happens  so, out of necessity, i have to pull for you       enjoy this because you will never hear me say it again            go alabama "
"m  ingram looks good tonight! did he play against auburn? oh yeah, he got stuffed! heisman me that!"
"i wanted to wish my mother, <propfemale>, a very happy 73rd birthday   born january 8, 1937  i love you , mom!"
"i wanted to wish my mother, <propfemale>, a very happy 73rd birthday  born january 8, 1937  i love you , mom!"
i will be on a mandatory 48 hour fb rehab  see you all on the other side!
i am officially safe and sound accross the pond with my toes in the sand  pictures and more to follow soon  thank's for the prayers!
"it's kuwait's liberation day  imagine an arabian <propfirst> rockwell with flags on every building, tent, and vehicle and you will have a pretty good idea of what it's like  an interesting hodge-podge of nationalism, sandstorms, and rampant littering while cars pass you at 100mph with their lights off!"
"happiness can be found anywhere, you just have to be willing to search for it!"
"when life deals you sand, make big ass sand castles!"
"is really missing atkins park, a maker's and coke, and jager shots with his friends!"
"i take the exam for chief tomorrow  pray for me if you do, and cross your fingers for me if you don't!"
"i took the exam this morning  and, as usual, i couldn't tell you if i aced it or bombed it  it's always like that for me  so it's nothing new  thank you all for the support  and hopefully, this will be my time!"
happy easter everyone! funny    i'm celebrating the resurrection with a pagan fertility observance in a muslim country while i'm working for a government that doesn't want any involement with religion at all  strangely ironic     
i saw an incredible sun rise and had a beautiful day  happy easter everyone!
"well, the first half of this is done  i have made the board for chief  my package goes in the mail tomorrow  (all two pages of it!) it is now out of my control  the board will convene soon and i should know the results by june  to say that i really need this would be a large understatement  any and all prayers and best wishes are very much welcomed and appreciated!"
"happy cinco de mayo! which i think is mexican for 'let's tie one on'  mrs  <propfirst> might be terribly dissappointed with my translation, but i never claimed to pay very much attention in her class anyway!             ole~~ole~ole~ole!"
"happy mother's day! i am very thankful for all that my mom has done for me  and i am even more thankful to still have her with us  i love you, mom!"
"\two reasons why it's so hard to solve a redneck murder: the dna all matches & there are no dental records \"" ~ thanks <propfirst> - great line!"""
"i get to ride a camel today, pictures to follow!"
"real sailors say 'aye, aye'! leave all of the ooo rahh's to the marines!!"
the power went out in the pcb for about four hours this afternoon  all of the day checkers left and went to raise hell somewhere else for a change  first peaceful sleep that i've had in weeks  seven hours of dreams  aaaaaahhhhhhh rem sleep!  laugh 
"attend well to your character, and your reputation will look out for itself  rollins <propmale> wrote this and it was too good to pass up  if you've been around long enough, you'll remember <propmale>  good shipmate, great man!"
"the navy is only going to make one at chief this year  that's why i believe that you have better odds of knowing someone who has won the lottery than a living, breathing atc  i know two people who are very much over due for the position  <propfirst> allred and i have each been at this for the past twenty-two years or so  if you pray, please remember these two old wanna be goats! thanks!"
"i finally broke down and bought drivin's 'mystery road' for my ipod  so many memories of auburn and nights that didn't end until well after the sun was up, i'm missing the supper dump and drunk creek! here's to a well rounded education      war eagle!!"
"for many of my kilo friends, we have finally been here long enough for this to apply  please feel free to post at will  when i get home, i am going to              "
"i was just thinking about <propfemale> bullock in the blind side          jesse <propfirst>, you're a dumbass!"
"noteable quotes annoyed \\always be nice to the people who can't talk back to you!\"" - pres  h  s  <propmale>"""
i highly recommend downloading the live <propmale> brown concert from atlanta onto your ipod  great show by a lot of the different musicians from the area (including <propmale> from rollin' in the hay - took me way back to when i had more brain cells)  great band!
"'the reward of suffering is e playful erience ' ~ <propmale> s  <propmale> \i wonder if old <propmale> ever spent any time over here during the summer?"
"so, i have several friends who are in some stage of potty training     just what is an appropriate response?     you all know that i'm hopelessly single  and i really doubt 'i'm glad that everything came out right' would be viewed as the correct show of support!"
late june  when all of the good 1st classes are hopeful that the <propmale> will reward them for their hard work and prayers! good luck my brothers and sisters!
"\we have always found the <propfemale> a bit odd  they refuse to be english \""- <propmale> churchill"""
"in reading the lives of great men, i found that the first victory they won was over themselves    self-discipline with all of them came first  ~ h s  <propmale>"
life is a lot more humorous when you talk like pirate! aaarrrgg!!!
"i wanted to thank everyone for all of the birthday wishes  i am running way late and i apologize  i was in qatar during the week of my b'day and i got to have a rare steak and real beer! moooooooo!! since then, i have had my hands full testing and getting ready for my board for my exw designator  i can't wait for it to be over  again, thank you all for the kind words, i had a great time!"
"the cpo list is out and the news is very good  i made it  thank god! very few get to wear this anchor  and, i will do my best to live up to this responsibility  i have a long list of people that i need to thank for investing their time and efforts in getting me ready for this honor  i can not begin to tell you how thankful i am for the example that has been set by all of you  i have very big shoes to fill!"
"if you're up to your eyeballs in the sand and need a reminder of what open water looks like, check this out!      warning, not for the kids!!\http annoyed  www facebook com video video php?v=1425291443734"
i passed my exw murder board tonight  my final board will be on august 4th or 5th  i'm almost finished!
"today, spell check is my best friend  my brain is refusing to cooperate!"
"has been listening to chesney, sugarland, and zac brown  i can't wait to plant my feet on a <propfirst> beach, boat drink in hand, and enjoy the surf!"
time to <propfirst> goal #1 for this mob off of my list  i have officially passed my exw boards and i will be pinned on august 11  induction starts in <propmale> soon!!
and so it begins!           
"he who has a why to live for, can bear almost any how! - nietzche by way of mnc <propmale> "
i would like to sincerely thank everyone who worked so hard to give me this opportunity  and now the real work begins!
war eagle!
"i'm finally home  family and friends, home cooked meals, grass and trees    life is very good!"
catching the game at atkins park  war eagle!!
"just saw this on the discovery channel, <propmale> gore has just linked cam <propmale> to global warming "
"cam <propmale> is now being investigated on criminal charges related to intentional cruelty to animals \apparently, video evidence has surfaced that he has intentionally \applied beatings in recent weeks to bulldogs, hogs, tigers, chickens, \rebel bears, wild cats, wolves, hawks, and snakes  he has publicly \stated that he intends on beating       more dawgs, elephants, gators, and \ducks in the coming weeks "
"tonight's dinner was a smothered porkchop in thick mushroom gravy, fried cabbage, carrots in a brown sugar cream sauce, and broccoli with cheddar cheese  home, fat and happy!"
"wow! wde! the 3rd time was the charm  thank you auburn university! thank you <propfirst>  and a special thank you to my aunt who was willing to pull for us inspite of her devotion to ua! now, its time to buy some game gear  i might even have to buy her a shirt   wde!"
