11055285a4024a0430afc0b20ad6df37
birthday tomorrow  smile 
hmmm   smile 
i have no tolerance for nonsense 
i hope i get this new car!!  smile 
senior citizen day?!?! forget that!
hood river in the morninggg  smile 
gotta love split shifts
"all my single ladies, all my single ladies "
looks like i need to find a christmas sweater
found like 20 bucks of dutch bro's cash  smile 
gettin my shop on tomorrow   smile 
don't touch my drumset
"getting my wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow, and i'm not looking forward to it "
going back to my dentist today to get more shots  my mouth is so effed up on the right side! gah  sad 
been a week since surgery and i still look like <propmale> turner beat the crap out of me 
i'm annoyed with pirate hookers
going to <propfemale> in wonderland  smile 
just got ten percent off of my employee discount at <propfemale> today  i love all of my new stuff!  smile 
have tomorrow off  smile 
guess i'm pretty sketchy
i guess the situation is gonna be in portland on the 1st  smile 
i wanna see that movie with miley in it  smile 
i love my job  smile 
happy easter  smile 
i think you have chiseled ab's and stunning features 
i have the beiber fever
"ok, what retards ride their bikes down <propfemale> heights and 11 pm, without reflectors?!"
sooo tired  can't wait to get off work!
oh wow  just got the greatest news ever  what a day!
i love my girlfriends!  smile 
pay day  smile 
"not working on a saturday, what's better then that?"
ah! so tired! off to get ready for work   smile 
"are you saying pan, or <propfemale>?"
oh goodness   smile 
shut up and let me go 
such a nice day  smile 
can't wait to get my taxes back  laugh 
"comin out your mouth with your blah, blah, blah "
"not working today, and i wanna go shopping! of course "
i need some coffee
"gah, long day!"
who you callin a cootie <propfemale>?
"geeze, the backstreet boys are such hopeless romantics "
we got this 
<propfirst> sleeth note number 3 on my car   different hand writing everytime  hmm  
gotta find my keys   what else is new 
hmm  smile 
seein nightmare on elm street tonight  i hope its good!
"pleasing, yellow nail polish spilt all over in my car "
thinking i'm gonna go platinum blonde again!!  smile 
ya gotta   prada bag with alota   stuff in it 
getting my tattoo drawn up this week smile 
dying my hair tonight  smile 
hit a quail on my way to work today  pretty much broke my heart!
pleasing 
my poor car sad 
it's no fun being sick sad 
pleasing my cars out of oil again! that mean guy at penzoil is gonna get it!
spending my day off with my pirate hooker!  smile 
dying my hair!  smile 
hmm   it's my day off smile  gonna go spend some moneyyy!
spiders falling from my ceiling  ahh! i hate that   good thing <propfemale> is here to kill them for me 
swimming smile 
kahneeta tomorrow!  smile 
i hate hearing bad news  looks like i'll have to go shopping tomorrow to make me feel better  that always works!  smile 
getting my <propmale> done for my birthday!
<propfemale> was a fail    it's to <propfemale>!
today is a very special day!! hmm   i wonder why?!?!  smile )
yay!! just got my <propmale> done! looks great smile  couldnt have had any better girls come with me  love u guys smile 
my car won't go into park  pleasing 
boatingg smile 
my car is broken  sad 
dying cassies hair tonight smile 
<propmale> and <propfemale> love teasing my hair  we're the best 
wish i would have gone to the jb concert! i'm so jealous!
going to the river  smile 
pir tonight smile 
"hey <propfemale>, look what i can do!"
dying my hair tonight with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
putting corn rows in aimees hair tonight 
got off earlyy! washin my car smile 
gettin my work onnn
4 loko's with mah girls  smile 
mani pedi with <propfemale>  even though i just dropped her depit card in the wrong slot at the atm  whoops!
2 days off! and <propfemale> is in town smile 
gresham tonight smile 
jungleee juiceee smile 
omg  dont talk on your cell phone and drive!! i just got a ticket sad (
"wake up in the mornin, feelin like p  diddy "
watchin the kardashians with some retards smile 
makin muffins with aimee smile 
in gresham smile 
"wow  watch for signs in gresham, my car just got effing towed  fml "
<propfemale> is amazing!
walkin to freddies with marly because our cars are broken!! sad 
<propfemale> and <propfemale> are whores
gonna go get some yummy dutch bros smile 
downtown portland smile 
im thinkin the lesbian lifestyle is for me  smile 
so sick sad (
officially a brunette smile 
"someone, anyone    come to <propfemale> and buy hair products!!"
think its about time for the dalles to get new christmas decorations  
i sware to baby jesus   this snow better go away!
so many po pos out todayy!
who could wish for this snow!! it's terrible!
lunch with lyndsey smile 
keeping up with the kardashians smile )
