19488df41580a04af6baea29aa3a4c7e
rockin!
would like to throw things at facebook
is absolutely positively under no circumstances what so ever a grandmother!!!!!!!!!
"if you want your child to walk the righteous path, do not merely point the way – lead the way   j a rosencrantz j a rosenkranz"
the hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without ever seeing any   - <propfirst> astaire
"a baby is god's opinion that the world should go on \ <propfirst> sandburg"""
"i want my boys to know that             before you were conceived, i wanted you before you were born, i loved you  before you were here an hour, i would die for you this is the miracle of love   <propfemale> hawkins"
parents who are afraid to put their foot down usually have children who step on their toes  chinese proverbs
the hardest part of raising a child is teaching them to ride bicycles  a shaky child on a bicycle for the first time needs both support and freedom  the realization that this is what the child will always need can hit hard  sloan <propmale>
"whenever i held my newborn baby in my arms, i used to think that what i said and did to him could have an influence not only on him but on all whom he met, not only for a day or a month or a year, but for all eternity - a very challenging and exciting thought for a mother   <propfemale> kennedy"
i always wondered why babies spent so much time sucking their thumbs  then i tasted baby food  <propfirst> orben
"there is a little green man running around in my head with a jackhammer   fortunately, he is allergic to migraine medication   makes him be still  makes me loopy  all is good "
"where parents do too much for their children, the children will not do much for themselves  <propmale> hubbard"
some family trees bear an enormous crop of nuts
some family trees really produce a large crop of nuts
says hug your children and tell them that you love them   everyday 
wonders if its too early to pack for camp
thinks <propmale> is cool (notice the capital c)   thanks <propmale>!
"says \ i really am an angel   i only ride this broom cuz my wings broke \"""""
is home with the tummy flu   <propfemale> 
"well, i kept my supper where it belongs tonight   i guess thats a good sign   now, if only my tummy would agree!"
"thanks to you all for the wonderful birith day wishes   its nice to finally be 23!  (dont listen to my kids, they dont know what they are talking about)"
"~ just because the voices in your head aren't real, doesn't mean that they don't come up with some great ideas every once in a while    right?"
"thinks  people lie to make themselves feel better, it masks the crap in their life  all will come out eventually "
"ok peoples, i'm packed for oklahoma   i think i am even ok with the flying there part   um, don't like the landing part       that hitting the ground thing has to be done juuuust so       or it's just bad news!  it will be worth it though!"
is resting after a wonderful reunion with a wonderful friend
"thinks that <propfemale> treadway is too good to be true!  has anyone ever known a sweeter, more gentle person?  she is a true lady "
is really really really sick of computers   really
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are supposed to be a promise from god that we will have a forever friend! repost if you have amazing sisters like mine!"
feels as though she is running a doggie rehab clinic        
"sigh, what a night!  some people are       ok nevermind   can we go back to camp now?  i need a moment or a week  (or 2)"
is missing <propmale>'s cake 
"i voted, did you?  remember, you have to vote to have the right to whine about our leaders!"
"if you want to walk on water, first you have to get out of the boat!"
"            body scanners, this group of new laws coming about from the zahra baker case     life in a cage is not always safer and its certainly not the freedom that our forefathers fought for!"
"had my hand surgery today,  is very sore  but alll went well"
kaleb <propmale> was at my house!  he was sooooooooo cute and his muscles are huge!  wow        i am sooooo lucky!
i can hear my hearbeat           in my hand   not cool
"i spent the weekend in va beach with my sisters, and when i got home <propfirst> johnsonrew met me at the door with tears in his little eyes saying \oh mommy i missed you soooooooooooooo much!\"" then he tried to sit in my lap all night  say \""awwwwwwwwww\"" if you think that is sweet """
one has not lived until they <propmale> a 2000 pound bull thru the neighborhood with their son  seriously   country life is so quiet and calm and relaxing   lol
"a million robins in the yard, the daffodils are blooming, there are plants that need planting and there are three baby goats in my  barn       spring is here!"
"is having a really really bad day   i am whiny and tired and i need a nap   it's almost 10 o'clock, so its bout time "
does anyone have baby goats for sale?  i need two             
