7d28117f014a13db1e0aca21b70ade99
christmas joy
the colts
happy news years and happy birthday <propfemale> okeefe!!!!!!!
watched little flockers today sooooo funny
2morrow is skool sad 
i found my cell phone!!!
really mad  everyone talkin bout the party and i didn't get to go 
<<may is on my mind awsome party in iowa  and i get to skip school for it >> smile 
 smile  <propfemale> horn has a stalker!!! smile  hahahahaha
"just came from cics pizza  that was a blast, and uil was ok  sight reading we got 1-1-1, but on our music we got 1-2-2  so that sucked a little "
band lock-in!!!!!! i'm on my toes about it!!! laugh 
just posted a story i worte and i just love it  laugh  happy bout how it turned out!
i'm back in texas!! laugh 
<propfirst> and the whole student council hates me because i'm going to do b l a s t in 8th grade  i keep thinking bout it  sad 
what a summer so far  
hate cuzins>>>>>most of them
what i'm i going to do today???
<propfirst> rubing stuff all in my face
eclipse
wow! june is almost over!!
todays <propfemale>'s last day of summer school and i bet shes crazy bout it!!
just hinging with weir cuzins
why do i have wried cuzins????( the question the world wants to know)
just woke up    and yet i'm still sleepy
siting and reading
just read my third book 2day new record
about six more til school starts   until that dreadful day i'm still enjoying my simmer!!!!
we leave for flordia tomorrow moring soooooo happy!!!!!! f-l-o-r-d-i-a!!! smile 
in <propfemale>  my cuz got thicker  i'll post pics tonight
still in ga  visited alot of people who my parents haven't seen in a long time    lost of driving
i get braces on august 2nd
i'm addicted to riding solo  thats the only song i listen to now
twent swimming( less swimming more tubbing ) in lake for like 2 hours i got bruse by rocks ( thnks little-my cuz ) and my muscles r in a painful ball of j
tunk! i'll post all the pic when back in tx on tuesday  wat a long day!
why do boys lies so much( <propmale>) why?????
chill in <propfemale> going to see the lazer show a nine two more days of joy left!!!! smile 
leave for texas tomorrow @ 8 a m  home sweet home
on our way back to texas
the <propfemale> is in her castle
i miss homee!!!
my mom wants to take my some where    i'm kinda scared!!!!
i don't want 2morrow to come
enjoy the last day of 2010's summer    i had fun while it lasted   
does anyone have <propfirst> <propfirst>'s number????
spanish homework driving me nutsss!!!!!!!!!!!!*-*
all won their volleyball game! cause we're awsome!
got new phone!!! loving it smile 
my phone is still awsome
"i'm reading an awsome book!!\\ rules of attraction\""  read it        """
watching <propfirst> the movie
"i just finished my <propfemale>  arts paper\time for my us history book thing mer giger"
bout to get ready to go to umyf         i no idea what those letters stand for     
back to mi casa
my <propfemale> <propfemale> got a boyfriend!!!!!!! but i hate the dude she's going out with!!!!!!
soon to be finished rules of attractions
finally finished rules of attraction  the ending was sexy and cute!!
the others are on!!!!!!!!!
never ever never watch the others!!!! i'm so scared                *-*
chilling at home
watched glee for the first time!!!!!!
i'm soooo sleeppppp!!!!! no joke
i was quiet all day today    riley i going to get you for putting your dirty shpes on my jeans!!!!!!!
"in my room eating popcorn, listening to music , and read an awsome book      what a beastly life this kid lives!!!!!!!!"
its quite      too quite      
if u could have anything you wanted what would it be?????
might be getting a laptop!!!!! crossed fingers????
my brother is mad cause he had to wash the clothes now he's calling me a something i am     he was about to wach a movie but now he's bout to watch it on his laptop     i would feel sorry but i don't he can suck it up and be a big boy
goodnight world
happy birthday to my bestest of besties       <propfirst> redmone!!!!! i love you kiddo!!!!!!!!!!
texans or cowboys???? they both suck but would have to choose the texans!!!!!!
i'm awake
its getting colder outside!!! yipp yipp
another boring fun day at school
volleyball girls if you want special songs to be played at the game on thursday write it down and give it to me on wednesday!!!! thnks
i'm very very out of this world        hungry       empty
1:13    i'm still awake reading    wat naps do for you
watching <propfemale> of swan lake
i'm a dead kid u guys don't see me at school     and it happened at home
i'm alive but grounded for maybe 2 days      not a lot now is it????
all teams lost       but i still love most of them!!!! @(*- wink @ (monkey love)
played with high schoolers at cy-ranch game    when we went <propfirst> and and waite for it       gummby      it was awsome!!!!!!
i just craved my first every pumpkin it is ugly but my second one was way better really proud of myself     
just got home from dentis office kinda tired   need new books to read
watching handy manny    love the theme show
stand on the stairs @ home doing nothing   my brother is a waste of life   my mothers taking a nap   my dad is doing something    my uncle is here on our computer even though he has his   and my cousin just walked through the door uninvited   wow!!
stupid computer keeps freezing and it kinda new     bull crap
bad things are happening to me this year    lost my insturment on bus so    can't play tomorrow and probaly monday    but i still need o find that instrument   
i hated my life
"sitting outside reading just the right book     life is working out for me after all   \ krystal!!!\"" well there goes reality calling me it was a good daydream while it lasted    """
happy birthday <propfemale> stevenson    luv u! joyful 
playing batman on ps3 it scary    i should be praticing for honor band    well gotta go kill joker
"this girl is on fire i've learned 5 out of 7 scale, but three we don't need to really know what no <propfemale> and <propfirst> who's last chiar now?????"
going to sleep now and when i wake up my scales i learned today will be gone and forgoten just like that
"i'm ready    it monday everything happens on this day and   friday   but not the point i'm ready for volleyball, band, and everything else!!!!!!!!"
got home from honor band and now i'm tired i did awsome but kinda messed up on chromatic but survived     ate subway on the way home   went to jcpenney to pay <propmale> then went home    what a long day
doing homework which is boring      life of a teenage middle schooler
read a kiss in time good book but not the best     
volleyball pratice    then school    homework    shower    sleep      sleep is the best part of my day
thursday is almost here wow    this week went by fast!!!!
finished my homework now going to bed     really tired
watching i love you <propfemale> cooper    so funny!!!!
still awake power to naps during the day
at public library doing homework   just saw <propfemale> and <propfemale>
diggy simmions is hoootttt    i rember when he was my age   now he's 16 and living his sexy life
about to to church    
going to take a shower what a long day
very annoyed     grumpy      mad       upset      sad    
baljeet i looked it up kat that's how you spell but you say it the way isaid it      you can't hear it now but i was right and you wnot       love u!!!!
really not in a good mood today   sorry if i'm rude to you guys today      
homework drowning me in paper    
"\i throw hands up air sometimes saying aaaaa-ooooo gotta let go      \"" i n an awsome mood right now!!!!"""
"all teams won     crazy night on the bus back to the school    brenisha, <propfemale>, and i were going crzy     fun"
weird morning     i seeee                      people
<propmale> potter has gotten hot over the years  
what an advertise day today!!!!!
happy halloween ya'll!!!!!
watching shows i've missed on
it was crazy on the way back home on the bus     crazy
baking cookies and my loser brother keeps eating them!!!!!!
i like someone i have two classes with that person and it a boy!!!! can you keep it to yourself????
"stuffy nose, not enough sleep, i'm in a horrible mood      "
"lost my phone, sick, had the worse weekend      what else can go wrongthis week   "
"today sucks like really sucks    someone i \trusted\"" opened thier (mauldrin)  big mouth that i'm gonna shut tomorrow    even my little cousin know this secret    lost my frekin phone really pissed   and getting sick right before basketball season    lifes going get for me    don't you think????"""
bout to go to myf      haven't been there since hollween    
still can't find my phone     tomorrow is the last day of bball try-outs   not nervous bout it     really mad at a bunch of people    
"gusse who    passed her (*hint* it's a her) science test, got good grades on report card and made the basketball team (suprise suprise) and she has ten toes and fingers       gusse gusse gusse gusse ( if you have made put thought to the answer you may need to go see a doctor or something cause <propfemale> your sick and just plan stupid)       "
"just got back for studio movie gill from watching <propmale> potter  the snake part was the scary  i went crazy  first we walked into the wrong movie got foo, ate the food, left and went to the right movie watched the movie with a worry look on my face and then left the movies without paying for the food   and i am never ever going to go to the movies with <propmale> elend findley and his friend <propfirst> ever again  what a night"
found my celler device and now i'm using it      i love my phone
i whip my hair back forth (repeat *3)
the purpule marker will be waiting for you maddie    on our way home someone on the bus asked a coupla of guys in atruck for chips and he threw the whole thing on the bus    so we ate until we got really cheesey fingers
cheetoballs   muy bien
reading a good book    while riding in the car    gonna go eat at luby's     my life
happy thanksgiving
touch down saints
now i'm bored
can't fall back to sleep
reading in bed with hot coco listening to christmas songs     this has to be a good day for me  
living my boring life with boring people who don't know what fun is
just made breakfast for family   my brother thought my mom made it so that's a score   but my eggs turn out really bad so  ya
just took a 3 hour long nap   
"a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z \z y x w v u t s r q p o n m l k j i h g f e d c b a "
what a day   
"you are my sunshine, my only sunshine you make me happy, when skies are gray, you don't know my dear, how much i love you, please don't take my sunshine away"
my birthday is a couple of days away now     physic
happy december first   amd almost my birthday
just woke and watched how the grinch stole christmas    love that movie
re-watching how the grinch stole christmas
twwo morre dayys untiil myy birthdaay    i'm so exciiited
bounty <propmale> muy cómco
i'm gonna wear a dark gray shirt on tuesday   pretty gray
getting ready for church     i'm ready for church   waiting for everyone els so we can go already
working on my <propfemale>  arts reading project and the letter story thing for <propfemale>  arts
omg!! tomorrow is my birthday i soooooooo excited!!!! nnnnnnnoooooo birthday licks if you touch me its on
my birthday is almost here in      3 hours and 19 mintues(12 a m )
it's here finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel in love at the flage football game!!!
our eight grade dance is today i'm      excited i think
<propfirst> was being dumb at the mall   and never go shopping with boys they ise all youer money
chilling doing nothing
not really happy with some annoying people
i saw coach brown at peir 1 input    it was weird
parents need to just chill out today    it's like the have no common sense
just woke up from along nap
i love barret e  findley
what was that you hate your life   well then do you wanna trade???
changing my braes color to red and white orrrrr red and black
babysitting my cuz for the rest of the week all but on saturday   christmas
i'm the best babysitter in the world i just don't get payed enough   
<propfirst> <propfirst> is h-o-t !!!!!!!!
goodnight to all my pepes   kisses
omg!! christmas is coming fast    
i should work for <propfemale> i wrap gifts good    
happy amiversary mom and dad love most days in my life    wink 
happy aniversary mom and dad love you guys most days  wink 
"i'm confused!!!! my dad say he was going to send the laptop back to <propfemale> if i did go and get something from downstair for him (food)    what i'm confused about is did he really order the laptop or was he just mess with me so i can go get his \snack\""???? help me out here people"""
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
just got home     my mother is pissed when driving hom people were doing crazy things     not in that way
"\what the what!\"" said mr brown"""
happy birthday <propfirst> and <propfemale> christmas everyone
<propfemale> christmas !!!!!!!!!!!
2o11 here we come!!!!
my cuzin told me her crush at school and she's only in 2nd grade  she reminds me of kat brindell
can't wait     for what you ask    well for anything
it's almost 9 and i just woke up about 5 hours ago
been out all day     
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming,swimming"
ughhhhhhhhhh!!!!! basketball pratice tomorrow morning 8am         gosh
omg pretty little liars is backkkk!!!!
basketball pratice again    then when i get back home relaxation is what i'm gonna do
dude we gave school tomorrow      why would they do this us??? why not next week???
basketball game today at hamilton
just watched a re-run of live to dance   these two little kids who were the last to make the short list were so cute    i mean they were that good   the girl was so cute i wish i knew her she would be like my best friend ever    sorry kat
"i'm going to write my brother's scholarship essay for him $10,000      some of that money is going to be mine    it proves how bright my brother is"
so mad we lost to goodson
the hair dryer stopped working and half my hair is dry     hate this thinig
mess with people    hahahaha
i bought snacks for 5th peroid on tuesday
i'm addicted to the song pretty girl rock      help me someone
i'm so freaking tired   i'm not happy about it
got a 92 on my last spanish quiz sooooo proud of myself
what the sack was that steelers????????????????? what in the world are ya'll doing??????????
steelers are a bunch of stupid losers if they didn't want to win then what was the point of them going to playoffs god damn        
i fell asleep with a spoon in my hand and when i woke up i was like where in the world did i get this
i was trying really hard to close a bag of chips when the light when out
school is closed tomorrow!!!!!!!hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah!!!!!! i love winter time!!!!! but i hate we have to make it up it's not like it's our fault it got super cold outside     
work   work   work that is all i do these days
i just did some yoga off the internet and i feel so great
"1,2,3,4, whose that knockin at door\5,6,7,8, hurry up don't be late\9,10,11,12, got a secret i can't tell\clap your fins, fin you tails schools out ring the bell\lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala\(repeat until you hate it)"
looking thorugh movies to watch and i came across <propfemale> in the muderland     has anyone heard of that before??
soda
i love the <propmale> show
<propfirst> griffen #32 los angles      that's my boy baby
welcome to good burger   home of the burger   can i take your order??
walked 8 <propmale> in two hours and a half more or less      that's good time for walking
happy birthday tahan battise!!!!!!! i love youuu
my freaking phone fell out of my locker and my screen is like all cracked up    no joke this is at the top of my loist to take care of
its freakin spring break suckers!!!!!!!
angry   mad   upset   unhappy   got any more words to go with those
omg!!! spring break is almost over      that sucks
hey if i know you and you know me and you have an android on your phone or an iphone please get an app  cal heytell is so awsome  when you get it you'll know how to work it    talk to ya'll soon
i hate when i dry my hair    it gets really hot and i start to sweat    than i have to go back and re-dry my hair after i cool off
uuugggghhhhhhh we have school tomorrow     that reality sucks stuff
zzzzzzzzzzzz    zzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzz
word of the day      dapple    
word of the day   métier   
