85a1b0864fc2f13bfa1d470e047817bc
happy new year!!
is not liking the idea that her dad wants   
wants to just curl up and cry  she officially hates how she did this year in college 
is getting her ass handed to her in scrabble by her boyfriend!
is in minnesota till july 7  and loves it!
it shouldn't hurt this much missing you!!! i  love  u 
is finally home and going to take a nap 
is frustrated that she can't get her words down on the <propfemale> the way she wants them!
is going out to see <propmale> potter with the family 
at times i wonder where i would be if things turned out different  *sigh* that's the kind of thoughts that you get as you look through old year books 
is back in town 
finally got her cartilage pierced  but it hurts like hell to lay on it!
can't wait to be back in tuscon  she misses people and having free reign of what she can do 
is really enjoying the new show defying gravity  watch it!!!
"wonders why things aren't going her way right now, when she really needs them to "
is looking at a crossroads and it seems that one way she wants to go is blocked 
is finally relaxing  and things are working out again 
"is leaving texas on saturday and wants to see people before she goes  call or text, i'm free tomorrow "
is having fun writing again   laugh 
is going to be in tucson in less then 9 hours  yes!!!
is so frustrated with her physics!!!! and it's due in half an hour 
"is a little frustrated that she doesn't get to make food for people tonight, cause they forget to tell her their busy!"
there's a time in your life that you are forced to review how you view your out look on life   what happens when your not ready to change? please let sleep come 
"is working on something amazing!!! and can't wait for it to be done, but it still has a long way to go "
arrg    one more week till season 2 of lie to me  i want it to be the 28th!
is going to be home alone tonight 
oh yes!!!! lie to me is on!!!!!!! watch it now!!!!
"yeah, that was a great season starter for lie to me!!"
found a dog that she really really wants and she's not sure if she is going to be able to get him   crying 
is having a really good day!
is feeling lonely even though she know that there are people to hangout with 
just finish watching castle!!!!!! and castle dresses up as mal from firefly!!!! ahhhhh!!!! so happy!!!!! i think i just died of happiness!!!!
can't wait for tonight! i look so hot!!
want's to go home!! i miss people so much!  sad 
wishes that true friends are easier to find 
remembers why she loves her friends back home so much!!!  love   love   love 
at this point just wants to go home for winter break  i miss my friends back home   sad 
had an exciting trip with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  and yay for sleepover in the living room!
is going to make food in the seds office with <propfirst> and <propfirst> 
is feeling lonely   
sigh   
"to write love on her arms is a non-profit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for people struggling with depression, addiction, self-injury and suicide  twloha exists to encourage, inform, inspire and also to invest directly into treatment and recovery  so please help! just for today write love on your arm "
got all dressed up tonight  but now my feet hurt 
1 year!!!!
"loves when inspiration strikes, yay for three new chapters!! and i have fallen in love with my characters again  love you sammee, reu, <propmale>, <propfirst>, lynnah, <propfirst>, tanita, and saarah   love "
"studying, studying, studying "
"had a great night  watched an amazingly funny movie, then had a really great dinner when i got home   smile "
freaken hates math  why am i even taking it any more?
"is going to rap up studing for the night then, wake up early to study again before the exam "
"is about to take the physics final  very nervous, but hopefully i know everything "
"1 exam down, 1 to go "
is ready to stop studying and go to bed  i'll just get up early to study again 
is finally finished with exams  time to relax 
will be back in texas around 2pm tomorrow!!
"is about start the 6 hr journey the rest of the way home  but soon, very soon i will be home "
is finally home!!!
just finished watching avatar!!! omg!! one of the most beautiful movies that i have ever seen!!
is very happy with her christmas gifts!!!  laugh  can't wait to try them out!
very very happy with her new camra!!! but wishes that her parents remembered to by her a memory card with the camera    now i have to wait till tomorrow to use it   sad 
is watching <propfemale> trek with the family    and wondering where my phone has gone   
"got a memory card for her camera, and filled it up in an hour    opps "
just had a great time with <propfemale> gillaspie taking pictures with the new camera!
had a great night cooking with her mom 
"love's working with characters that she creates  they seem to have minds of their own  yay, for another chapter getting finished   laugh "
had a great night with dinner with great people!
is writing again   smile 
"has ideas bussing around her head  now, i have to find away to get them all down before i lose them all  i  love  my book!!"
wonders why creepy men like to follow me   sad 
remembering some interesting moments in her life  * sigh * i wish i could remember more of that time 
frustrated that she can't find her emails from 2004   sad 
is going to stay up and watch the shuttle launch   smile 
had fun today dealing with cops and creepy old men 
found a car that she might actually get!!!! the parents are talking about it!!! so excited!!
got to work with power tools today!
is really pissed off at some stupid car salesmen who sells a car to people who aren't sure if they really want the car 5 minutes before people who really want the car get there!!!!
* sigh *
offically has a new car!!! yay!!! i can drive again!!!
had an amazing hike and a great dinner with <propfirst> 
had a great night with friends   laugh 
studing and drinking a <propfemale>  life is good!
"just saw <propfemale> in wonderland, it was very good  but i have decided that <propfirst> depp shouldn't ever have red hair again "
is offically on spring break  thank god!
is home at last! and can't wait to see people  call text me i'll be here till friday!
"had an amazing rant session with herself, her computer, and new blog  never thought a bolg would be that amazing of a stress reliver  i  love  writing what everi want with out the fear of being judged "
is headed to <propmale> today 
cooking at <propfirst>'s! yay homemade food!
got a lot done today on the local group project with <propfirst> carleton and <propfirst> hardegree-ullman! yay! much more to work on though 
"tired, stressed, still working on homework, and over all just had a terrible-awful-bad day "
found a new favorite dog breed!!!!  laugh  !!!!! thanks to <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst>! and i really want on now   sad 
is going to be twenty in 7 hours 
happy birthday to me!         p s  i hate math
was up on a mountian all day  and got to see snow again!  smile 
"please put this on your status if you\know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was\obliterated bythe death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand\that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants\only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to\kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this\your status forat least one hour?"
is about to start studying again for her last final    when will it end?
"is taking her last exam in ten minutes, and is terrified "
is at home again 
is teaching her sister math for her exam tomorrow 
i went whale watching today and all i saw was a turkey 
who gets mad at you for being sick? it's not fun 
"is excited that i get to meet <propfirst>'s family, soon "
"has decided that she will become a time lord, and steal the tardis  then go on amazing adventures "
"is back in town, but only for a few days  so call or text me!"
"is officially a student at the u of a, again!!!"
is looking forward to all her classes this year  they all sound great!
it's hailing in tuscon!!!!!!!
is sick and has a <propfemale> party tonight   sad  not fun 
has a research position!!!! i get to study body language!!!
"is completely soaked, i look like a drown rat  stupid rain you couldn't have waited till i was at the seds office to start   sad "
writers block gone!!! heck yes!!!
next castle is based in a steampunk world!!! hell yes!!!!!
i like it on the table 
"two midterms and a paper down, two more midterms and a 4 hr lab to go  it's going to be a long week   "
really doesn't like he athens and democracy class right now   sad 
is now officially a evolutionary biology minor!
is finally using her deviant <propmale> account again   laugh  but now i need to find a way to get my photo-shop back   sad 
r i p  <propfirst>  crying  may you rest in peace 
2 years   laugh 
does anyone in tuscon want to see a greek comedy at 7 smile 0pm tonight? my friend balled on me last minute and i get extra credit for going but i really don't want to go alone  the play is aristophanes' ecclesiazusae and it is here on campus 
is currently writing a 40-50 <propfemale> greek comedy  i have to admit it's harder then it sounds  *    sigh    *
"i hate life right now! i have an exam tomorrow, a essay due tomorrow, an essay to memorize, a novel to read, and a 40 <propfemale> comedy to write by wensday  someone please help! i don't think i can make it to the end of the week   playful "
"what was i thinking when i said that i would write a 40 <propfemale> play? it is 3 in the morning of day two, still with little help, and only 15 <propfemale>s written  it is due in t-7 hours  yay for the second night of no sleep "
done!!! sleep!! never go 5 days without sleep it's not fun 
waiting to watch the lunar eclipse   love 
is going to look way different from now on!
please pray for those that have been shot today in tucson!!
"i apparently created a new dinosaur called a theosaurus - you ask it for different synonyms of words  but damn if they are all dead  :,( \\p s  i am helping my sister with a project, so now i'm out of it "
does anyone know about cars? my tire is completely flat   playful  help!!!!
is anyone free in tucson that is willing to drive me to pep-boys so that i can fix my tire?
"this is not my day   sad  i have a flat tire, i can't find my car keys and me and <propfirst> carleton  got in a car accident and now my neck hurts  i just want to relax "
didn't make it into the mckale center after waiting for 4 hours to see obama but got a free t-shirt!
"1st day of classes! very excited, but i need to get my tire filled with air before i head off to class "
car is fixed!!! well at least for now anyway   
i have a story due tomorrow morning and there are not creative juices flowing   playful  god do i hate writer's block 
"\the moral of that movie is don't trust men with hats \"" -<propfirst> hardegree-ullman about the adjustment bureau"""
