8e52fa9b30a57b4e797c84604a91a49c
mmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
y is every one so ready for the world to end???
this one time at band camp          
those bulimic bitches r just gunna puke it up any way!
haha  no!
i didn't cut you out! you didn't fit!
go find your self some kombucha!!!
"mom tomato, papa tomato, baby tomato  baby tomato falls behind  papa tomato goes back to baby tomato  squish! ketchup!"
who wants to lol with me? ; )
at&t is jaking me on my rollover mins! some one call me allday so i can get what i payed for!
i just want to say i love thoughs of u who love me  you know who u are! (because u love me)
you people are mad!!!
cables out for a little bit  looks like i'll be in the old west all day  you know were to find me; )
"o my, some people need to keep the dollphin loving hands to them selves!"
this is a sunshinie day!
went to the hooka bar and had an awsome time last night! rice wine is a grate thing  thank u japan!
"i love smelly cat!!! smelly cat, smelly cat where have you been?"
a little sunshine on my sholders makes me happy!
where are my sassy gay friends?!?!?
i love my friends! you all are so great!
"can any one tell me y it ok on my space ,but not ok on facebook?"
where my party people at? very good!
almost died yesturday! to think that somthing as small as an ant can take my life! how lame! i guess no one told them i didn't want to die 
lovin my new home  lovin my freedom and privicy! lovin this stressfree home!
"watched a show about <propfemale> meth last night and now wants to tell everyone on facebook \if you love your life stay away from meth!\"" alsi it's more addictive than herrowin! take my advice or i'll through you down a flight of stears!"""
wow
phones cut off for a bit  if you need me facebook me or email me 
phones back up and running! thanks at&t!
"what do you do when it hurts you to see them here ,but it would hurt them to take them off?"
"i love my friends ssssoooooo much! thank you for being there for me, even though you are so fare away  even though your not close, you still find a way to let me know you care! you know who you are and i love you!"
i dont understand what you want from me  why are you doing this to me?
just doesn't understand girls!
stop shoping at target! target has donated money to an anti-gay canidate in minasota 
ohio gozimasu 
konichiwa
combonwa
daddy would you like some sausage???
just can't wait to be an aunt!
finally get a nice day to sit around and do nothing for once! if anyone wants to xbox hit me up  ; )
made some special brownies! they were great for about 6-8 hours! lol
120 degrees out side today  my a c broke in my car and i got sunburned on half my face! fabulous!
soak city and ice cream cake today! happy birthday neo!
best buy is poopoo
is this the day?
back to school night! cant wait to get involved and see what neos doing 
neos back to school night was awesome! neo and his class are going on a field trip to see blue whales an learn about the ocean  lots of other things will be happening to  i'm so excited for this year!
curry for dinner tonight! yummmmmmmmm
"just a day of remembering those who lost there lives  let's not be swayed by the terror that a few people invented, but remember that this country was founded on the beliefs in freedom of religion  as long as we never change who we are and what we believe in they will never win! i do believe that every american has the right to worship any religion there hart chooses "
"home alone, bored, and nothing to do "
after school video games with friends! must be good to be a kid 
no school on saturday! finally get to sleep in!
i like it on the sofa 
fabulous! fighting a cold  get ready for vitamin warfare!!!!!
once again our homophobic senators get to keep being homophobic right in our soldier faces  these people fight an die for this country and they deserve our respect!
someone really thought i wanted to change my name to <propfemale> nontombi tutu! lol
i lost my voice! don't laugh <propmale>!
just drinking a nice cup of <propfemale> tea and watching meet the press 
i'm a day <propmale>!
excuse me! did you just touch my bum???? how dare you!
what goes up must come down 
going to have a blast today! halloween family day!
"one hour left people! get out that vote! yes on 19!!!! ; ) if not for me ,do it for the children!"
i need to go snowboarding! come on snow bring me a nice snowstorm!
the lady upstairs is stoping around like a gorilla! : [
????????????????!???
it's almost baby time!!!!!!!! ; )
getting ready to move again  this time i get my own house!!! i'm so excited! december 1 here i come!
i love that i only have to drive ten <propfemale>'s to my new house! it makes moving so much easier 
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh i forgot how lame moving is!!!!!!!
just busted some fucker trying to still gas from my truck!
happy thanksgiving everyone! i wish the best for you all! ; )
just woke up and am watching some frisky dingo  so funny!
my sweet ham has a scratch on his eye : (  looks like we are goin to the vet tomorrow 
"putting up, decorating the tree, and drinking hot chocolate with neo! christmas is better with your kids!"
getting my cable hooked up right now! yay!! i can't wait for my cable programing and fable 3 fun to come!
finally finished moving as of last night! feels soooooooooo good!
i hate people and there big heads! just because you don't agree with everything someone says doesn't mean everything they say is wrong  what ever happened to open hearts and minds???
what a day! :  
i love ebay! you should to!
"no phone right now  i can receive text messages ,but can not send any  i'll let every one know when that changes "
family day! : ) curry & christmas movies 
i need to do christmas cards and get gifts ready to mail and i'll i wanna do is xbox!
i am so happy to have family that loves me an is there for me  what a good family day  : )
i love all this rain!
marry christmas everyone! i send you all my christmas love! : )
xbox i love u! will u have my baby?
i think it's time for snowboarding  yup  it's time  let's go!
"2 days and dead space 2 is here! dont worry issiac, im coming for you!"
so i just wanted to give an intro to my next post  this next post is a forwarded message from the person who gave birth to me  i thought everyone should know what she had to say to her only daughter after 14 yrs for no contact  enjoy!
status update: i had to turn it into a note so that it would all fit  please read it and give me your thoughts  thank you everyone 
i love you all       sometimes 
i feel like im falling and the grounds speeding up to me and theres nothing i can do to stop it 
todays better than yesterday and hopefully not as good as tomorrow 
facebooks not letting me post comments so ill get back to ya all when this shit is working right!
happy vajj day everyone!
going on a cruse april 1st! i can't wait to have fun in the sun!
20 mins tell tsunami hit cali!
thinking of going to volunteering in japan and helping with the relief effort 
"volunteers for peace\www vfp org"
"wondering how things got this fare  for those of you that know what's goin on, thanks for being there for me and those who don't, things are about to be very different "
smoosh smoosh <propfirst>!
you sure do have a pretty mouth 
mobile facebook is ridiculous and shitty!
??????
i'm buzzed! lol i think this is the day hell froze over!
