07c8f0996f6333310b06d53a18acc9d7
on teh road
home again  relaxing from roadtrip  smile 
"chilling @ home  about to take the girls to the aquarium  sting-rays have returned, let the petting commence  but, the petting hours for them have been removed from their site  guess we'll just have to go see it   smile "
kidos are asleep and editing pictures from the aquarium for web format
looks like a light <propmale> or rain tonight  we're heading out to the pool to get our swim on 
"first full day at kemah, tx  awaking to seeing the sun raise upon the ocean = awesome"
"watching from tulsa, ok"
http annoyed  iwantyourmoney net 
everybody should watch this: http annoyed  film waitingforsuperman com videos
game time!!  osu vs texas a&m
28-20 ou wins! today is a good day 
news is saying we just had a earthquake that registered 4 5
"blah, 3 hr's sleep yesterday and still can't sleep "
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone!! let's see    how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone"
swollen inner ear  heading up to the hospital soon  it's nothing <propmale> but hurts bad and has been keeping me from sleeping 
sonners moved up to no  3 in the latest usa today top 25 coaches poll
is employed!  smile 
tulsa beats notre dame 28-27    smile 
sooners offensive line = fail     well atleast so far    sooo disapointing 
"ug   worse ou game in some-time but if they can win in bedlem, which isn't likely, they still have a <propmale>  maybe"
2nd day of work  work's fine but still adjusting to mornings  smile 
"sooners! 21-0 at the end of the 1st quarter, w00t!"
"dearmr  president i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to savemuch more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree "
4th amendment wear for your tsa protesting family   http annoyed  www slashgear com 4th-amendment-wear-for-your-tsa-protesting-family-26116491 
rams are kickin arse 26-13 @ the half
best football weekend in a while  sooners defeat cowboys & rams defeat broncos
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status  invite your friends to do the same!"
sooners win!!!
<propfemale> christmas!
http annoyed  www themediabriefing com article 2011-03-02 lin-dish-fight-might-be-godsend-for-retrans-reform-advocates
<propfemale> communications is f'n up my weekend  i have to work on sat now to cover call volume  damn u <propfemale>  damn u 
"at mcd's in tacoma,wa with the girls playing around online while the play in the play-place   smile "
