daf9d2f861a0302da1b3c448c60b6ce8
happy new year everybody!
"its been a long week, tgif!"
got a shot today and it hurt like hell
"today is my oldest baby's 10th birthday, time goes by so fast, it seems like just yesterday we brought her home from the hospital, happy birthday <propfemale>!"
"back to work after a great couple of days, i guess the bright side is it's almost the weekend!"
spurs!!!!!!
"today is a bittersweet day for my family it is the birthday of a person we all loved and lost way too soon, he is in our hearts always "
"happy birthday <propfemale>, i hope you have a great day!"
i'm so freaking bored ! i must love my little <propfirst> to sit through this crap!
"even though he doesn't use facebook, i want to put it out there that i am very grateful to have such a special person for a father, and i love him very much  happy fathers day and happy birthday!"
"i really don't like my job, but i thank god everyday that i have it , go figure  "
"happy birthday to my baby girl <propfemale>, she turns 8 today !"
"happy birthday to my youngest brother <propmale>, i hope you have a good day!"
"is having a very hard week, and its sick of it all!"
"thank you to everyone who has wished me a happy b-day, it was great!\i also want to thank my husband and best friend <propfirst> for the best 14 years of my life so far, i pray we continue to have many many more!"
"2 years ago today my little family became  complete, happy 2nd birthday to  my baby <propfirst> and may he have many, many more!"
pants on the ground
im wet
baby maker extreme
"here at work on sunday, it stinks a little , but it is also pretty cool cause i am one of the only people here , 3 smile 0 can't come soon enough!"
simple <propfirst> is back
"went to see tangled yesterday with my girls and my mom, and some friends it was a great afternoon, thanks mom!"
simple <propfirst> is back
"is feeling very bah humbugish , sometimes i wish i could just skip christmas entirely!"
<propfemale> christmas to my friends & family !
to wet for you
simple <propfirst> returns again
to simple for you
weter than ever
"sick and at work , i really need some help to get through this day !"
"is thinking that life is strange and great , but mostly strange  i am lucky to have a great family and a moslty happy life, but something is missing , but what ?"
"at home lying in bed with my two favorite boys, the only thing that would make it better would be my girls and some thin mints!"
"this is the boringest , slowest day ever!"
happy valentines day to all!
i hate my job!
new phone!
bowling with the family!
very wet
everyone im weter than ever
"bored and lonely, i hate weekends!"
"out & about with my family, it's a wonderful day !"
