3e21dea8d7aa11122393ea3fc44d4aee
great way to start the new year having your car jump started because i left my lights on   poor dad had to wake up at 1 in the morning 
maybe this year will be better than the last  lol! one thing for sure my birthday last year is hard to top  ahahahaha!
"hanging with grace and <propfemale> today, it's about time the dynamic trio got back together for some laughs "
"about to <propfemale> with my nakamas, go team! (first and last sport related post, don't look <propfemale> wright and <propmale> buchholz it burns, but uol lost    )"
had fun with the spiffy people i call nakamas  much love to them 
discovered something important in life   (deep)
"i was looking at my events and did you know that tomarrow is \world hugging day\""?"""
"happy world hugging day! i be hanging with <propfirst>, my armpit <propmale> today "
had fun with my <propmale> ol pal  he is one spiffy armpit friend  haha!
"needs to find out the truth, before i go crazy, which i am on the verge of it  what to do? i must know as soon as possible but how?"
is stressed out   blarg  
"fixed the computer, so no more getting angry at it "
i lied my computer is still being a butt  *chucks out the window*
"going to work soon, and writing something important"
is chilling in the hood   what? haha
has something up her sleeve   no it can't be! not an armpit!! noooooo!
"today is my chill day, no work, no nothing, just stare at the wall   and maybe if we are lucky i may do a magic trick  if we are lucky  haha"
"is feeling better, i am not as ill anymore"
is ploting evil   beware!! look out! hide the children and your elders! muahahaha!    hi   
i need to update my status   but i am still ploting evil for wednesday so beware to my friend  harhar!
"isn't going to stay up too late, i have to go running around tomarrow "
has a song stuck in her head  =p
"tomarrow is going to hopefully go according to plan, my kidnapping plot  harhar! beware!"
is kidnapping and hanging with my armpit <propmale> today  i am evil 
my armpit <propmale> and i moved the kidnaping to two wednesdays from now  i wanna steal him so bad  harhar
there is a club on here for liking armpits?! count me in! (i am disturbing aren't i   but proud   laugh )
wanna know a secret?
there is a <propfemale> on the table   oh boy just because it's her birthday she thinks she can lay all over the place
happy fourth of july everyone   even if it rains don't let that put a damper on your plans 
"has had the worse luck this week, i think there is a rain cloud following me   literally"
feels dead   my inspiration is missing and it's because i am bored   it's making me sad and i can't take it!
a nice swim   i feel alive again  no more emo butt 
ordered <propfemale> deatons present   whatever could it be? lol!
"going to work in a wee bit, feel free to text me  i would love that "
needs something to do with herself   hahaha i love my dirty mind  laugh 
"today is wednesday and everyone knows wednesday is the day i <propfemale> with one of two of my bestest nakamas  today i <propfemale> with <propfemale> deaton, next wednesday, i <propfemale> with my other bestest friend "
had fun with <propfemale> today   old person movie day 
    arf?
today i am very very busy     chilling 
going to go do something productive    drawing a comic works for me 
can i have some hugs? (what i haven't had a hug in two weeks )
going to work soon   texting is nice  on a rainy day more so
whelp i am here   *sits down looks around* sure is nice here 
"whelp going to work in a bit, texting is nice "
i be going to sleep soon   since i will probably be hanging with the sister tomarrow 
hanging with the family today   when is the last time the whole family has gotten together?
"wishing happy birthday to <propfemale>, 23 and still kicking "
tomarrow should be interesting   just like today was 
"kidnaping mr andrew today, i always wanted to kidnap one of my best friends  lol!"
"had a wonderful night with <propfirst>, he is truly an amazing friend "
tomarrow i chill 
going laptop hunting today  i want to make new movies and need a firewire 
happy ride an escalator the wrong way day   laugh  woohoo! today should be a work holiday  lol!
is oh so tired    blarg
today better be better than yesterday  sure i had a break <propmale> yesterday but that was the only good news  (thanks armpit <propmale>   laugh )
working on a surprise
check back later   i have some new footage to post   never seen online but i do want more next wednesday *cough* when *cough* i have a da party
is here and that is all
chilling before work   
"finishing my masterpiece, though i must give thanks to one of my buddies for volunteering to help   or at least it sounded like they volunteered   hope they did   don't kill me! also another one of my friends looks so cute in chibi style t3t"
overslept   shame on me but meh i didn't get much sleep last night anyhow
wishes to swim at least one day in july   oi
one more day til vacation what am i going to do with mysef   and yes it is suppose to sound wrong  laugh 
"hanging with <propfemale> today, what will happen tomarrow? i am going to text people and find out   laugh "
"had fun with grace today, next <propfemale> out is on wednesday with <propfemale>, i love vacation   but of course i miss my work family like always  =p"
drawing to forget what i have learned
getting some stuff together for a yard sale   but still wants to forget what all i heard yesterday   i fear love again   thanks   thanks freaking alot!
"tomarrow i am <propfemale>ing with <propfemale>, because i miss my mischeivous work sister, than on thursday i <propfemale> with my armpit buddy  i am set this week   laugh "
"hanging with bestest friend <propfemale> today, going to a movie on senior citizen wednesday  tomarrow i <propfemale> with bestest male friend <propfirst>, going to a different movie  my treat for all!"
had fun with <propfemale> and the geezer glasses (3-d glasses)
"tomarrow i be hanging with <propfirst>, my armpit <propmale> ol pal  i had fun with <propfemale> today of course though =p"
"hanging with <propfirst>, who is getting the same friendly treatment as <propfemale>, because they are awesome   laugh "
"is 3 pictures away from finishing my memory album hanging with <propfirst> today  same treatment as <propfemale>, i treat, but he must get a photo with me for <propfemale> (she wants vacation pictures and i am taking it seriously ) harhar"
"had a fun time with <propfirst> today, my armpit <propmale>"
"is touched, i love all my friends   you guys are the greatest i couldn't ask for better  *sniffs*"
"nice to know that she has the most amazing friends ever, i couldn't ask for any better  thank you all for being great! wish i could do the same "
"is chilling today,  but wishes my father a happy birthday!"
just noticed something about her sister   she needs something on her profile  hehe lame!!
finally going to do something productive   i hope
whelp back to the office today   erm   work    yeah lets go with work  lol!
going to see my favorite people and crazy people (to work)
tomarrow should be interesting going to work at 9 at night for about two hours
crappy rain day    but meh i feel down in the dumps anyhow 
to work at nine? crazy right   but i will be back of course   before 1 hopefully  laugh 
going to work in a bit   see how i am laters  roar!!
"home from work, saw a bunch of old men "
facebook you are a butt yet again   i hope you see this!
"hanging wtih <propfemale> today, tomarrow is going to be rough"
feeling somewhat happier 
going for a walkie   i am like a dog   i like walks! *barks randomly* maybe later i will play fetch   kidding  be back laters 
"going to go draw, i need to quit slacking off "
theres a grand geezer behind you! *runs and rides behind the grand master bed* (random yes but i am crazy today)
has too much on her mind 
going to bed   enough said really 
"redid my room, the tv is over there *points* the bed is here *points* and my video games are over there *points once more*"
it is too hard to be productive   this comic is never going to get done  t_t
going to go swimming in a wee bit 
"going to go to work laters, so feel free to text because i enjoy a good conversation  and don't you dare <propmale> me!!!! hahaha"
really into the techno music these past three days   now where are the tacoes? (inside joke  laugh )
"whelp i work today, woke up late, and what am i going to do now   oh yeah that thing *gets off computer and runs away*"
to sleep i go  *hides under the bed randomly*
i am awake just very tired   didn't sleep to well last night 
"hanging with <propfemale> today, fun fun! got to have some fun before school starts back up in two weeks "
"chilling like a villain today but meh, oh well"
rah! (i love that noise i am sorry)
slap happy! rah! *sticks tongue out and runs excitedly into a wall* ouch!
wha? only one more week of vacation? how can it be?
"going to clean all of the monsters out from under her bed, from the closest, and even from the dresser   what? i have to clean the house for tomarrow "
time for a day-dreaming session   yes i need one    playful 
the things in real life that hurt the most are the things that inspire (yes i have been deep lately haven't i?)
do not interfer with my artistic process (????????????????????)
hi! (insert your name here) i am doing spiffy but of course   a wee bit bored is all and (insert fun word here)
jamming to some music   dang can you believe there is only one week left of summer vacation   no!!!
"going to work soon, oh goodies"
feels like an old person   my back!  laugh 
going to the great outdoors    they are great!
doing some research   for the heck of it   give me a break!
has a headache    oi!
sleep sounds like a plan
i am up! woohoo! (i am running out of fun stuff to say)
on my hour break    at home 
home sweet   bed!!! *jumps on bed all excited*
"going to clean the home front, maybe run some errands, and than <propfemale> with nakama  busy busy"
chilling like a villain
"i am working on <propmale>, that will be a work of <propmale>   hopefully   at least in a comic c<propmale>oony sense "
i think i can control the weather   just ask someone who witnessed it 
my butt hurts   haha! well it does   
hates facebook more every freaking day   i can't respond to anything without there being some stupid error!
too dang busy and not enjoying it even a little bit 
i don't wanna go to school so i say no no no! (lame!)
"to work today   than back to school tomarrow, than to work tomarrow   than i die on tuesday "
"back to school tomarrow, this should be fun (that is sarcasm there)"
"actually feels really good today, nothing is weighing me down   nothing!"
got home now bed   lame!  laugh 
where the heck have i been? i don't even know  
feels so hopeless and not like herself at the moment
feeling better and will stay strong for her work sister
hates that it is thunderstorming outside   oi
hanging with the parents
*randomly giant smile* hehehe!
sleep sounds good   i will do that now 
had a good day   yay for that!
feels hopeless anymore   just call me <propfemale> the emo
going to bed   i feel sick and upset again
still feels sick
don't mind me   for not having been myself   just a bad stroke of luck  i am cheering up though 
why can't i ever be 100% happy?
*smiles*
who wants to go to the fair tomarrow?
going to bed   i am not tired just bored and doesn't know where anyone is at  (friends *whistles* here friends *whistles wink  just kidding
"i am so sorry   please forgive me, i didn't mean whatever i did "
"can't do anything right anymore   can't draw, can't film   my inspiration is gone "
"can't do anything right anymore   can't draw, can't film, can't day-dream   my inspiration is gone   i can only sleep anymore  (sorry i am emo lately)"
what's the point anymore? my happiness is dead 
"is thankful she has great friends, that is all she needs "
"who needs love   it is a stupid waste of space feeling?, all i need is friendship"
don't worry i am feeling alot better now that i realize how special the friends that i have truly are 
wishes she could turn back time   what i can dream can't i?
"hanging with nakamas today, once i am done with my homework"
had a fun time at the fair with the friends 
had fun last night but back to work    and homework
"beware <propfemale>, the person who now comments statuses o o"
whelp i am bored already   and i don't wanna go to work   i wanna watch the rain clouds roll in
"whelp back to work (to <propfemale>, yup i was at home for my break again  hehe!)"
home sweet home   you know what that means    homework time!!!
done with homework now what to do?
"(pulling a <propfemale>) today here is my list of things to do: homework, watch a dvd, draw, go to work, eat, go to bed  lol!"
to bed i say
"feels like a zombie, just here that is all i got   enough said "
chilling like a villain
sleepy time *dies*
going to work soon   hmm   this should be interesting
has just one wish
going to work soon   fun   (i haven't been brainwashed yet )
to bed with me   well whatelse can i do?
working on relief project for class now
my goal is to make all my friends happy  and i will this i swear 
says be happeh for crying out loud!
is one of the only people who hates football   you can call me crazy but meh i have better things to do 
needs to stop pandering on the past
's hands hurt from her project   ouch!
needs to sleep but meh i am a night owl
waiting for my 2nd class to start   boring   oi it is weird when you have more friends at work  than at school
can't wait to finish these two assignments   than i can finally relax
"tomarrow my project is due for foundations ii, wish me luck"
needs to work on her english paper   it isn't going to write itself sadly   or will it? *stares at paper and pencil and waits for something to happen
"wanted her paper written so bad that it did write itself, now i can continue to work on a drawing for a friend  the hurricane of homework is over "
"did i tell you all   my friends, that i love you  (corny!   but true)"
"woohoo! no homework and 2 days off of work starting tomarrow, i can't wait!!!"
my vacation for two days begins
"is off today and tomarrow, time to relax "
wants to draw    but is into editting photos at the moment  haha
"going to work on a new idea, oh and as for my old comic idea   i know where to go with it "
"here, there, and everywhere   but that place over there *points at random spot* it's too far and i am too lazy to walk "
just cleaned my room   now i am going to go do nothing 
"hanging with grace this evening, catch you later"
whelp back to the office   wait   work today
"going to sleep, wished my mind would quit wondering"
"oi, i love life    (sarcasm)"
"off today, but working wednesday instead so fear me!  laugh "
taking requests   but be warned that time varies   
taking requests   but be warned that time varies   read blog for details and my drawing styles
chilling like a villain but of course
doesn't feel like herself   why put on a fake mask?
"going to class now, see you around 2  unless i am studying  got a big <propmale> history exam on friday"
time to study   yay! for a test on friday and working wednesday- friday  haha
is back and waiting   waiting for what? i don't know 
notices i am rather reclusive at school   what can you do though? (secret fun fact: <propfemale> is very very shy)
"woke up for a 9 o'clock class, drove out to nku, got there class was canceled  and i have to go back at 1   oi   "
whelp i studied now i can draw   i really want to draw that idea that is lodged in my head but what can you do?
"hopes <propfemale> gets better real soon, work won't be the same without her tonight "
"is in thought again, but that is the way of the artist  day-dream believers"
i have a quote stuck in my head   oi   i do hope <propfemale> is feeling better  
oi   my body acks
going to sleep   is tired for a change
going to work soon   i hope there is a truck *grabs managers leg* don't make me go out on the floor alone   people scare me 
i like statuses!!! rah!  (doing some homework)
"i wanna make a movie   i feel so inspired to, not a wal-mart video, a real movie!"
"needs to get out there, i need to quit closing the world out   but first i draw"
where do i go from here?
wishes there was a way to print images out of your head  that would rock! i would make tons of posters  (wha?! for the moments you don't have a camera on you but still remember)
still wants a head printer lol! (that printer that prints your memories directly from your head) yes  i have been day-dreaming more than usual 
i don't even know what to write here anymore   that is how out of wack i am 
working on a sculpture and doing some personal pondering 
going to <propfemale> with the family 
"working on my scrapebook: includes family, work, and friends but of course "
blarg   it is so cold out     and i am tired again
working on her english paper
working on the scrape book more  i got four pages done   onward!
"is back to her good ol self, this time for real  stress be gone!"
you are not going to believe this  lol! i am laughing so much just at the thought  you all will find out soon enough  haha
hi!
going to go work on a project of mine  need to make something artsy and beautiful
is doing nothing at all   wow   am i that boring anymore?
is the only person in my family who doesn't watch football on sunday  and does something productive  (i wanna see my brother and sister reply to this  laugh )
going to sleep   have class early   than to work (with no truck)    but meh i am going to treat myself to some tacoes   woohoo!! oi and i will bring my scrape book in tomarrow and thursday  the last <propfemale> well  that isn't a side you see of me   laugh 
when will it stop? well   i will keep busy with my <propmale> project
"*laughs* i want my relationship status to be \it's complicated with    my parrot!\"" roflmao"""
hopes my mother gets better soon   sad 
too much mushy stuff for my liking around here  make it stop! it burns!
just found out that nku had an underground tunnel connecting all the buildings   hmm
having an interesting chat with my sister   about halloween costumes 
"just heard the spiffiest news, in english we have to make a video, and well it's not due for sometime but it involves <propmale>, so who wants to <propfemale> in my video   laugh "
winner! i am the winner! hehehe   of what? i will never tell  lol!
going to draw or sleep
tired   blarg   *yawns*
going to play <propfirst> kart  i love me some waluigi   laugh 
"whelp   i am bored but hey on the bright side only three more weeks until sugoicon, i can't freaking wait  (yes i am weird   respect me for it!)"
"wonders how <propfemale> deatons night went yesterday  hope it went well <propmale>, one of us deserves to find happiness this year   laugh "
three more weeks i can hardly stand the wait   woohoo!
"should be sleeping, but i am just too up and awake to   laugh "
is so so so so tired   and it is freezing outside 
waiting for my <propmale> to come (bull crap! that is fiction) more like waiting for my class to start lol! (now that is reality)
oi   i am tired   i have been tired for 7 weeks   i should just sleep two days through  lol!
"precious and fragile things need special handling, my god what have we done to you?  we always try to share, the tenderest of care, now look what we have put you through   i pray you learn to trust have faith in both of us  (dang depeche mode song stuck in my head  laugh )"
"perfection can usually never be reached, when you think you have finally found it (in <propmale> or life) it is always flawed or not as it seems  (wow   when i am deep in thought   i am deep in thought)"
is a wild and crazy   animal   yeah lets go with that 
i like your status  (i am talking to the whole world by the way)
is confused by her emotions at this point 
"going to class, if you want me go to founders hall 5th floor, or go to the fine arts building 4th floor   haha  i give too much details "
yay   for a two day fall break   that just sounds wrong   two days? really? give us the whole week 
"can't sleep, my mind is too busy"
needs to make things right  before i go crazy!
wanders what the true meaning of life is     also does it come with a side order of fries?
"going to go draw a   erm   dark picture   i was going to say pretty picture, by my <propmale> work topics are too complex and i won't define them as pretty   oi and i don't believe in sweetest day (it has to do with love and yuck)   it is saturday to me   "
"is crazier than usual, is that even possible? maybe i am up to no good   but who knows?"
my head is pounding so i am going to bed after all   meh  that is what i get for listening to my music loudly  what can you do?
"got to write a paper, or it will never get done   lol!"
finished my work scrapebook today   amanda you will love these two pages  <propfemale> too   laugh 
get ready to see <propfemale> like you have never seen her before   in 4d  (ahahaha)
(insert something random and fun here for my status)
got a hat and a spiked wirstband  i love it  laugh 
"going to bond with the family, going to see zombieland "
"oh goodness, what will i do next?"
"working on another drawing   who would have guessed, this one i am actually going to try for anatomically correct "
"did some anatomy research, i am going to make these figures perfect i swear it!"
got a paper to write and am slowly falling asleep at the moment
my headache is back   too much gossip and chit-chating   oi  
the smallest thing is the most annoying of things
"feels the love from her nakamas, i am not worthy "
best get ready for work   it is too dark in here 
home sweet home for saturday  woo
whelp i am bored already  lol!
"if you have texted me and i haven't replied in a few hours, don't worry, my cell is being somewhat of a butt, just give it a few days "
"no homework, no class tomarrow, sugoicon is this weekend, what could make this week better?"
"moving all my stuff back into my room, since the painting part is done, also i am going to finish inking a drawing which *gasp* is good enough for the wall! (not many artworks go on the wall)"
guess i should sleep   guess    i can't    i should though   blarg!
"is yet again back to her crazy lifestyle, this time i am serious though, the crazy side is here to stay forever again  hooray!"
??????????????????????????
time to draw and listen to the rain on the roof
"is chilling in class   what? i am, hope you read this mother  haha!"
feels like being evil maybe    i haven't been evil in ages so it seems  harharhar!
evil today for sure why? because i have the right to  ehehehehe
"hanging with nakamas friday and saturday, time to forget about the stupidity in the world sometimes"
had fun at the party tonight
i wander if <propmale> will be at sugoicon today    what? he has been there maybe  lol!
"had fun today at sugoicon, and yes i am crazy  lol! <propmale> rocks!"
zuzuzuzuzuz   i am sleeping!
"has no fears or worries anymore, will value all the precious memories and hope they never fade away "
poking all of the above back!
"wow, this morning was amazing   i got up looked at the clock wondering why my alarm didn't wake me up sooner, and saw that the time was 8 smile 5 pm not am   i had to rush right out the door "
words of wisdom: never judge a book by it's cover  it maybe rough around the edges but it could be the best read of your life 
is inspired yet again  i always have these moments where one minute i am the next i am not 
loves mutations   as a drawing subject   not in real life  i don't want my friends growing another set of arms or anything like that  no no!
"is annoyed, why the heck is drawing and graphic design next semester at the same freaking time during the day? i would like to work at some point next semester and don't want to go in the dang evening   (i need one more class for mon and wed, but nothing works!!)"
figured out my classes finally
"is it a bad thing when you are attracted to a cartoon character you made up yourself?  (i know i am crazy, but i don't care)"
(insert your own fun status   i am out of ideas)
has to study so do not bother at the moment   maybe later
has a <propmale> history test today and than to work with me  than i draw a pretty picture (random)   wait it's not going to be pretty it's going to be dark  i like dark things
"words of wisdom: it comes natural to say \hi\"" but when it comes to saying \""bye\"" that is hard """
"is writing finally, those plotlines aren't going to produce themselves you know  lol!"
needs to acomplish her goals and focus   i hope   hehe
"going into work early today   1-9, me like"
"has an easy week, yeah!"
feels like crap  oi
is awake and has an idea   *ding!*
"is having one of those \don't push that button\"" moments"""
needs to quit pondering on the past and focus on the now  (curse these nightmares)
my wirst hurts   from making wooden tools 
most random question i got asked today: if you could get any cardboard standee who would it be of   i am not answering lol!
finished her plotline for her comic   it is only 13 pages long and so out there   the last situation makes me cry   awww   
"whelp the rest of my semester is planned   work, work, work, and oh work"
"happy friday the 13th, the best days are those that cause bad luck  "
"is still sleeping on the inside but today i have to: make my last wooden tool, finish my sketches, write an 1000 word paper, and take photos for the movie i am making for class   *sighs* winter break needs to hurry up and get here  "
just got herself something she always wanted   my life is complete  lol!
feels artsy fartsy again   but meh head hurts
my headache is gone finally   woo
"had a weird dream last night, my eye ball was hanging from it's socket and blarg!"
back from work 
is tired but that is my own stupid fault   i have died  
"accomplished alot this sunday and monday: <propfirst> the last picture of a certain subject, made a voodoo doll out of <propmale> for class (i am serious and i will take pictures), and i finished all the word slides to my powerpoint   now i just have to write two english papers and an <propmale> history paper  woohoo"
"alot of people have deep statuses but i can't think of one   come back later, when i am in a ranting mood  (haha)"
"preordered that plushie, so it might not be here until december   i am sad  "
today is already a cursed day   it has been cursed since last year  
the worst part about the winter (the season of loss) is it gets dark eariler and makes one think of all they have lost and how alone one is in the darkness   
may end up going to work dancing   i just feel like dancing for some reason  so beware and don't throw off my groove 
"gave up on her hopes, never her dreams  (if you see me be sure to give me a hug, i am rather sad )"
that voice   it can't be? (shocked!)
moobs! hahaha!
working on my artist book   got the materials today
"if you need help in life, check out the enclosed instruction booklet "
is debating if she should have a holiday party 
is this seat taken? *aims to grab behind* hey where the freak is your butt? (skinny person joke i laugh at myself)
"moobs!= man boobs (sorry i just love that word, and the weird thing is i go for slender men   haha)"
is flattered   really   but i will think about it 
"going to clean the room, i am that bored  lol!"
thanksgiving is like any other day for me  i work   playful 
"has a shiner on her left eye, from my own stupidity of running into a door frame "
"is here, no black friday shopping for me  crazy!"
"everytime i think of you i get a shot right through with a bolt of blue, it's no problem of mine but it's a problem i find living a life i can't leave behind, everytime i see you falling, i get down on my knees and pray, i wait until that final moment to say the words that i can't say- bizzare love triangle"
"cleaning the room today, i didn't on friday because i was lazy as heck "
"cleaning the room now, and than going to work on character profile pictures for my comic, since i found that missing material i needed "
doing some thinking 
my eye is bothering me 
can't sleep so i draw (logging off for the evening)
"is going to write the spiffiest blog ever and needs at least 4 people for my video, i got two for sure i need to see if <propfemale> deaton and grace mcgee will draw for me  (haha tag!)"
stay tuned for a fun blog   i am serious i will post it when i am not in an open area where everyone is looking over my shoulder (pet peeve)
what inspires me is not for the fate of heart   maybe if your heart mutated a bit you would understand better  (deep)
"is in class, things i need to do today: get footage, work on handle, write a paper, and finish my sin drawing for myself "
is vergly tired already   dang all that homework and stuff 
boredom is a bastard so lets go cause some disaster 
"has to work on a video oh and guess what what   tomarrow my camera is back at work   if you know what i mean time to make some magic, fun magic "
"scanning a picture, than maybe writing a blog   who knows really  fun blog day!"
"in the past two days i have been called the following: weird, insane, crazy, dork, not right, out there, and strange- i thank you all for the positive feedback  *smiles*"
"class is over the 16th, i can't wait, one exam next week, that is it"
"can't wait until tuesday, more christmas shopping: have to get the mother something and have to get friends something"
draws all the bad luck in
though i've had some bad luck there is always a light at the end of the tunnel
is going to draw or read with my cat   she is being a good <propfemale> 
"my goodness, we are getting near the end of the semester about freaking time "
"is so freaking tired again, but this is my last day basically for getting up early  i am so happy!"
going to class but is too tired to really focus and besides it is a presentation day so meh
is done with all assignments now i just go to class to basically be there 
"heck yes, my plushie finally shipped, i can't freaking wait  (yes i am like a little kid, but i want my waluigi plushie  laugh )"
should sleep since i always complain of being tired   but i can't ever focus myself to sleep  shame on me 
basically the last day of real class 
"going to bed, nothing better to do really"
last day of class   really
"going to class, than afterwards work   hehe  it's funny i have to get some stuff at work today check it out: 8 tent stacks and peanut butter   best combo ever  but we are out of freaking peanut butter! haha"
thinking positive more so lately 
cleaning the room because it is a mess
can't wait for my sister <propfemale> wright to come up next week 
"one exam this week and i be free, that would be in <propmale> history on wednesday, freedom is just around the corner "
"i don't wanna go to sleep but i should   i am always complaining of being tired, but yet refuse to sleep, what the heck is wrong with me? (just like; how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop, the world may never know   )"
studying today
studied for two hours time for a break until this evening  
could you only take my picture   because i am too tired to remember   haha!
is sleepy sleepy sleepy
going to study but i found a bunch of my old writings and they are quite interesting 
"actually took a cat nap   oi   i haven't had one of those in ages, but when i am studying on a soft couch it is only welcomed "
"running all over tomarrow with the mother, last day of class wednesday, party saturday i can't freaking wait, time to get back in touch with some friends "
"finished her holiday shopping today, just going to wrap in a bit  no peeking!"
is exhausted beyond belief   zuzuzu i'm alive   ugh   
"is a slacker   shame on me, i actually ran out of stuff for my seven sins idea, so i am going to one piece again   err   maybe i didn't run out of ideas, i just want to draw some pirates (haha)"
didn't make it   is soflty falling asleep and there is no help for that    *falls onto bed*
"last class of the semester, than my winter break starts at 2   finally!"
"waking up finally, but now i got to go to my final class of the semester, wish me luck on the exam!"
free at last!
going to ink   than later i might start that mr 3 x buggy picture 
going to bed is exhausted still   
"got a b in <propmale> history, lets go for straight b's here! whelp i am going to go draw that mr 3 x buggy thing, i love that pairring and it is wrong "
"going to bed because i can, woowoo! happy 3:18 am everyone!"
"can't wait to see my sister real soon, <propfemale> wright"
"can't wait to see my sister real soon <propfemale> wright , also since i noticed alot of people have pokemon display pictures, golbat and trapinch are my favorites"
"joinning in the pokemon fun, golbat is my favorite "
hanging with the sister <propfemale> wright catch you laters
chilling like a villain
jamming while making some animations   and is spazzed out  oi ??????????
"is a night owl, can't sleep at night much   hoo hoo!"
*shivers* *shivers* so cold!
"(going all anime on you) and just because i was locked in my room all day doesn't mean i am emo, it means i just don't like football   so there *sticks tongue out*"
not tired one bit  hahaha
"is here, is there   but isn't over that way *pokes to corner of the room* no sir!"
got caught singing and shaking   oh boyz
hanging with the sister today
"wants to write but doesn't want to write what is in my head  too much like all my other stories, i want something different "
life is good my friends 
"too many changes, so little time "
had a wonderful christmas 
happy holidays!
i have been busy busy playing with my christmas cheers   lol!
hi!
thinks too much on the most random subjects of all   say what?
"life is good (corny i know, but true)"
had a strange dream last night   i wish it were real  *heart trobs*
time to go hide somewhere with a good read   or maybe i will chat with an old friend online  hmm   
is reading  so laters
is bored   i always am   ohhh   
needs to quit being pessimistic  there a new years resolution (i have about 4 though  ack!)
my mood is improving  sorry for the outburst  (ohhh   )
"happy new years! (why am i saying it now, because i will be at work past midnight   i am going to go hide at midnight that is foresure, got some love i need to send out )"
"going to go and hide, trying to keep my good mood for the new years , but knowing my luck something will tweak me   anyhow my only wish is to at least finish a piece i am working on by midnight   at least the mr 3 part  (goal!) work or no work i will suceed  *evil smile*"
happy new year everyone  have a wonderful one   smile 
"yay! it's the new years, rainy and those people are outside cursing again across the street  goodness there are children on this street   shut up!"
"<propfemale> wright, you best get well soon woman  i miss my sister  same goes for your man <propmale> buchholz  i do care   love "
listens to so many remixes that when i listen to the original it seems so   slow   laugh 
i had to change my default the picture is so shiny and new  *pokes clown nose*
"saw these charms somewhere, they are one piece characters but you can make a crack pairing keychain  the flag of that character connects with another "
nani?! (otaku of anime anymore)
discovered that i have my own language   bitish! (not british there is a difference)
too dang tired    
working on a picture about friendship   but who is going to get it when it is finished? someone who understands a joke and the relationship between the two characters in the picture 
hopes it snows alot  come on 5 inches!
yay for the snow
working on a shirt design   only if you are a true one piece fan would you understand the joke and the idea  (featuring pinecone)
sleep!
i'm awake! woohoo!
"hard to believe that class starts again on monday, at least i don't have class on fridays, one class on mondays and wednesdays: 9-11 smile 0, three classes tuesday and thursday 9-3 with no breaks   oi mercy "
chilling in my room that is routine when the football game is on   i forbid myself to watch sports   
listening to some good ol music while making some animations   crazy stuff there  cheers to all! (meh   don't ask)
"oi back to school tomarrow, i don't mind it, it is just once you stay up til 3 in the morning it is hard to go to sleep at midnight or so and get up early   blarg!"
"is exhausted, so falling asleep should be easy than  class tomarrow 9-11 smile 0"
"had a good first day back, sounds like an interesting class "
going to sleep but i need to give props of my rp friend for finding the mother load of impel down fanart  they are so cute 
it's so cold  i wish it was warm out 
i am copying <propfemale> wright look at the innocence of <propfemale> at the age of 4
"going to sleep, i feel so emotionless  i hope my emotions come back soon   (okay i am not emotionless just i only feel content  that is all i feel  i am basically here)"
"i am on a computer, why not comment and like other peoples statuses? haha!"
tomarrow is friday   at least for me  
"needs to figure out a way to <propfemale> a backpack, <propmale> portfolio, and a toolbox to school without falling over "
"happy friday! get out of class at 2:55 go to work at 4, get off at 1 in the morning   than i am free for two days  despite today being a nonstop day  (no breaks between classes and life) fyi: new blog sometime tonight "
thank god it is friday   i need a vacation from stress 
"my artistic flare is back (it's the hat, isn't it   for you see once the hat is off my head while i am awake, i am nothing but a shell without a soul) after homework i saw i draw!!"
i have been in an artsy and fanfic writing mood   thank you random situations that inspire me 
hates look through old drawings   yuck   (was organizing my photobucket)
"cleaning the room, got all my homework done  so yup"
got to make some animations now or never
"to bed with me   because i claim to be sleepy, which i am"
studying and creating what a day
"who the heck is that in the mirror   white shirt (not black), no hat (waah), no wirstbands (i like pointy things), that isn't me one bit at all    i feel so   boring   i didn't even recognize myself  now that is scary"
"to sleep with me, i be busy tomarrow  "
"just got home, fomating something, than going to watch my show  anime "
oh dears! *laughs like an idiot than gets hit on the head* what did i do!?
again who the heck is that in the mirror? what did they do with the real <propfemale>!?
my stomach hurts and i am going to sleep  i hate feeling so stressed out  it makes me sick   oiii   
going to sleep  i just don't understand  
"going to sleep for real but feels stupid, i always stress out over things, when i should research first and see that i am an idiot  (silly girl i am lol! i am happy now)"
"tomarrow is finally friday, it's about time   (well it is actually thursday but you get the idea)"
on break in class than i go home once it is over and eat something 
laughs at <propfemale> wright's profile picture   oh yeah look at mine!
"hmmm   i am out of status ideas   i have been too busy being a nerd, lol!"
is so exhausted that i forgot where i was at   
"has a way overactive imagination but that is great, i ponder too much on silly things  hmm  i always thought about writing and illustrating books, but not childrens books, my imagination is not for children that is forsure! haha!"
found the mother load of awesomeness
frowns upon the world 
got 8 hours of sleep   well look! i work up at 11 and my last post was 9 hours ago  oh such fun 
going to work in a few hours   yay! (that is sarcasm by the way)
wow   today sucked  
"first graphic design project, hope it goes well "
"going to work soon, i do hope it is more enjoyable tonight   (last night: 6 hours no talking, no one to talk to)"
sleeping    right after i type this 
"heading to class soon, remember 9 smile 0-3"
needs to get away from it all and think   there is no one who understands  *pouts and steams*
"is calm and got it all figured, i am mellow enough to work on that drawing i want to finish   sorry if i have seemed sensitive but i just don't know how to react to somethings anymore "
"feels okay dokey now, just think positive and besides you got to listen to your emotions it sometimes creates the best pieces of <propmale> "
"is so tired, but just one class today, that is all   so yay!"
"break time in class, chilling for 15 minutes or so   so tired still "
"angels with silver wings, shouldn't know suffering "
"going to bed, but thank goodness it is friday   (thursday) it maybe the worst day of the week but than i chill for two days (nonstop 9 smile 0-1 am)"
"studying for a graphic design test, than for a science test, than i scan some things in for my next project"
thinks it's funny that <propfemale> wright and <propmale> buchholz posted something about a ref around the sametime   oi boys  laugh 
going to do something productive    okay maybe i am lying  but it is cold out and there is nothing to do 
that is so cute   and so   random that i had to say awwwwww  (weirdo!)
i'll bite my tongue   i will don't tempt me   i can't do it *sobs*
"knows it is dopplerganger week, but i am going to later post a picture of myself thinking of all my favorite anime anti heroes   because i can! (also because they all have traits like me: an artist, one that can't love,and a weirdo)"
"is famous for something strange (but i can live with that, biggest otaku award)"
"waiting for class to start, might stick around until 1 smile 0 depending on how much i get done "
to work with me   i just studied a bit and worked on my graphic design project  too much work  lol!
"going to class, be back laters (got a test today too, wish me luck)"
"working on her graphic design project, be back on laters "
"chilling in class for a bit   hard to believe it is wednesday already, the weekend is one day away "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under"
my computer probably hates my guts after adding that <propmale> software on the desktop
"is happy, i get to <propfemale> a close friend this weekend, got my <propmale> software, and if it snows i do hope it snows enough that i can stay home "
happy fri-thur-day
getting a head start on a project   
going to type up a blog   i haven't been blogging on here lately  don't worry i have lots to write about   playful 
editting is my new best friend (i could put an old man on the <propfemale> haha)
wants to reach for the stars (but i am short t_t)
"waiting for my anime to load to the internet, i saw my favorite coupling in the preview  *drools*"
*waves like an idiot* i have no clue why i am doing this! yay! (apparently hyper   at 1 smile 0 in the morning)
"ahahahaha, found the perfect \stupid refuses to say the name of holiday next weekend\"" card for my online nakamas  (what   curse that holiday!! ahehe  i have been hyper)"""
is hyper as heck (no reason why either just me)
"i enjoy my two days off   monday is okay, tuesday, busy, wednesday fine and dandy, thursday hell!, friday awesome, saturday hoorah!, and sunday dang  "
going to bed got class tomarrow 
actually isn't stressed out today   amazing   usually i come home from school and spazz out about homework   thank you getting a head start 
"one class canceled so far, just need my other two to bail   laugh "
no classes woot woot   though i still will finish my graphic design homework 
 surprise ;; (the face says it all)
"is a proud nerd, see i admit that fact  ahahaha!"
lost track of time   noes! (i wanted to finish a drawing but no i get side tracked easily   no no noes!)
"to sleep with me, no clue if we have class tomarrow or not yet "
"no class again, back to bed with me "
"great, since today we didn't ahve class you know what that means  homework on weekends  but meh, at least we will not have any over spring break  i hope   "
"is so happeh!! (fyi: that usually means i am hyper and will not get urked easily, so don't test me!)"
"is too dang happeh that words can not describe this feeling, i haven't been this happy for sometime, so beware the huge smile   laugh "
things are finally looking up *big smiles* so   get off my cloud! *kicks off*
i am alive just been on myspace alot lately  i take my job on there seriously *grins*
"happy valentines day to all the single people out there for having to put up with such a stupid holiday  (lmao, well it's true lol!)"
"the rest of my nakamas will get their valentines via text messaging and fyi, it is anime related and i just love it so cute  laugh  (but only my single friends will get it  playful )"
now that isn't funny  lol! okay it is! (anyhow going to work  now that really isn't funny )
"wants snow, yet i don't  wants class, yet i don't   doesn't want to go to bed  nope i don't  laugh "
when will this snow end?
another lazy day  i don't mind it  
going to build a snowman with my mother   yes crazy 
tried to build a snowman  but failed
"one class canceled for tomarrow, lets see what happens "
"now class doesn't start til noon, lets see what happens (i just like saying that last part)"
found out just how lonely i am   
i have to go out in the snow for one class?! reall1?
no class forget what i stated  
"oh my goodness my inspiration is back!? i have a butt load of ideas in my head for drawings, thanks to my silly nakamas "
did a good deed  oi  i miss my nakamas 
"back to class and work tomarrow, yes i suppose i am bored  lol! now i draw!"
"is pissed off,and to <propfemale> deaton my phone is locked up so if i don't text you before i leave don't freak, i will be there around the same time as always "
karma   it does exsist  
"today is a good day, nothing has stressed me out yet  i am not even going to let work stress me out, considering i will be working on my project there  so *turns out people complaining*"
"sorry i haven't been on here lately, myspace is my friend again   laugh "
going to be useful and clean my room   yes sir 
going to watch some anime  i love my anime  *smiles*
blarg! where is the excitement  
"has so much energy but needs some excitement in my life   i feel like a freaking sloth, give me adventrue please! i can't stands it anymores!"
"going to draw before bed, enough said "
is c-c-c-cold   *shivers*
"now it's hot   make up your mind, room temperatures"
my heart won't stop racing
"a long day ahead, but not as long as thursday   oi thursdays   -_-;;"
"glad to have the right connections, someone might actually read my story concept, i have spilled my heart and soul into this concept, loving each character, and to think i am going to allow someone to read my story to honor a promise i made a year ago "
about to have a grpahic design assessment test
home sweet home
"i feel fine and i feel good, i feel like i never should, whenever i get this way i just don't know what to say, why can't we be ourselves like we were yesterday "
this song touches my heart   and it hurts 
*looks around* i am here!
too much studying   blarg! at least i got my one piece mangas and doujinshi today
might not be on for the rest of the week   too much studying   my brain hurts!
"bwahahaha! i love it *dies laughing* i have done it, beware my texting nakamas!"
to bed with me    class tomarrow 
"can't wait to see my best friend on friday  i have been feeling lonely and unloved  (fyi: a sister figure and best friend are different, but both equally loved )"
"studying a bit, be back laters "
"can't wait until friday, i need a social life again *sighs*"
"two more days, two more days   can't freaking wait for my spring break freedom"
is tired   enough said
"one more day of class   one more day of class (just keep telling myself that) oh   and work tomarrow   ah boy    i want my break to start now dang it! oh well at least friday, i <propfemale> with one of my best friends  (used to be nicknamed <propfemale> but i will call her buggy (anime joke, you understand, you must watch one piece)"
two test thursday= tomarrow
wish me luck on those two tests everybody   final countdown   after today i am free of class for a week  anyone wanna <propfemale> next week?
i'm free   for a week   laugh 
"woo! found me that video game i have been looking for, i love it, it's the only game with my favorite anime anti-heros   (yes i prefer villains over heros   get over it hahaha!)"
worried about <propfemale>   sad 
"cleaning out my car, because my car needs love too   laugh "
"making an animation, where were these clips when i needed them three weeks ago?!"
glad she has a steady hand for inking 
is too proud of a person (hmph!)
going to finish a doodle for a few friends   inking wise (and they have no idea it is for them aharharhar)
"is coloring a doodle, because i am bored "
"going to play some video games, scan a drawing for my myspace nakamas, go to a movie with the folks, and then buying the folks din din"
is it hot in here are is it just me?
is here  enough said 
"going to sleep, going to the dentist tomarrow, but then i get to <propfemale> with one of my best nakamas, gracie buggy (i am crazy i know with the nicknames haha, but we are just like buggy and 3-chan   goofs  playful )"
"had a great day with <propfemale>, fun fun!"
"one more day of work tomarrow, then i am free until monday, i can't freaking wait"
my back is dead    x_x
gets to see my sister tomarrow <propfemale> wright and <propfirst> <propfirst> wright gets sometime away from the family   playful 
what    spring break is already over   *sniffles* it can't be!!! rah!!
"is home sweet home, but back to school tomarrow   doh   "
must make one more animation before going to bed for class tomarrow (also because that footage will disappear by tomarrow   i know youtube!)
going to sleep now   back to school tomarrow   but break went by so quick    sad 
back in school   woohoo!
"going to school soon, and am tired like always "
"feels artsy, let me go home and draw "
"today is thursday, tomarrow is friday   i am serious   i don't have class on \real\"" friday and i don't work   so that is saturday  hahaha!"""
feels awesome 
demands to go for a walk tomarrow  
sleepy time   
"is awake, i swear    all because my cat meowed nonstop this morning"
"todays graphic design project was quite fun, done with it for the most part, just have to fill in the gradients at school tomarrow, but these are the type of projects i like  i do hope we make our own logo soon though  vb all the way (vb= my signature which equals little bit)"
i am going to be busy tomarrow  got to finish one project and than type a book review (mine as well get that assignment out of the way)
"is drawing but got online to make sure i got that outfit just right  it is not one of my original characters you could say  also i got a big project ahead of me, that involves my hand at sculpture   i hope it goes according to plan "
is chilling  waiting for class to start
"doing some shading homework and than going to work on my masterpiece \alice in wonderland\"" themed mr 3 tea party!! i love it!! *shuts up now*"""
i am done with homework for the weekend   let me enjoy my free days i say 
going outside and drawing with chalk   never to old to do that 
lets see what happens when i say something about basketball: i support a team that isn't uk   surprise!!
thinks my sister <propfemale> wright is the best  also i shall laugh too at uk 
ah   okay i will post a new status   i am going to make an animation because i am actually going to  laugh 
when i am in a good mood why do i listen to songs that aren't happy  haha! it's funny really    (sings: i don't want to start any blasphemous rumours but i think that god has a sixth sense of humor- depeche mode)
fun fact: if you do draw me something i will keep it  
"going to sleep, after tuesday, i do hope to have a free weekend "
*coughs and dies* i am finally free   all that homework was sucking the life out of me  i can breath a sigh of relief
"whelp about to head to class, that is all i have to say "
*laughs* i am such a dork  and i am proud at least  
happy april fools day!!!  laugh 
going to <propfemale> with a nakama today   laugh 
makes a cute ferret  laugh 
people ask me all the time how do i keep <propfemale> and slender    well i will tell you my secret if you want    hehe (to the blog i say!)
*squeaks*  laugh 
"oh good, i found that song that has been stuck in my head   the song that made me love trance music  these djs are amazing "
animating at the moment   it's saturday after all  and i am not proud of the amount of pictures i put on my myspace so i have to make it up to my rp nakamas 
"happy easter, i will be unforunately at work   not happy"
loves this song it always touches my heart 
whats on my mind you ask   do you really want me to write a novel for you?  playful 
"blames this drawing i am working on for everything   for my tears, for my anger, and so on"
sleep!
"no homework that is due next week, i love it more time to work on finals "
"this drawing i am working on excites me so much now, i don't feel like drawing a nude  i want to work on this"
wahoo! i love this drawing man!! *big grin* sorry just makes me so happy  i-i <propfirst> this   really now?! (too bad i am too shy to show it haha  well maybe when it gets colored who knows  )
"should go to sleep    should but i am a night owl   for some reason i can wake up refreshed like today, even when i stay up til 1 or so  "
"likes wednesdays because i can draw sooner, likes thursdays because it is my friday the end "
no homework this weekend   can't believe there are only three weeks left  time to work on my tea party picture more  woohoo!
was up last night until 3 smile 0 writing a heart throbbing story   it touched my heart  i need to print it out   so cute!!!!
"if your heart is shattered and your soul is stolen, you are just a hallow shell of a person "
*laughs* i may look cute  ahehe  but trust me i am twisted on the inside  beware!!!
well   i got to work on a project   *laughs love my default* (but i am weird like that)
going to work soon   sadly   yes it is sad 
please don't say that name around me  makes me cry on the inside
"today if i hear that name, run!"
whats the point? why try!? (screw this i am focusing on graphic design  playful )
still has charcoal all over me   it won't come off! i thank (buggy  my bff) for being my friend  just have to say that  much love to her always!  love 
"with this free time, i can work on my picture  almost done!!"
"hates that \social interview\"" now has limits to how many questions you can answer in 48 hours   that was what i did in the morning waiting for class to start  dang it!"""
"you can tell me to grow up all you want  or maybe you should stop growing up,, ever think of that?"
"can't focus   need to   want to finish drawing   start my friends request   i hate  how my school days work   i eat before class  wait until dinner   and at the moment i am dead because i am out of energy (and no don't say eat something, anorexia doesn't work that way sheesh  ) can't complain that i am hungry either or i will get the whole  it's too early at 5 thing  *dies*"
"i ate i am fine now  lol! finished my drawing (will post soon) now i need to get the details for graces request, i know who she wants in the drawing but what should they be doing  most likely i will be doing a reunion of the characters, it has been about a year since we wrote about them "
"needs to get out to the bookstore  for more books, i read volumes 1-34 and i am missing 36 and 37 but randomly got 38  haha"
"got the idea for my friends request in my head, going to be on 18 x 24 paper, and that is all i am going to say  (i owe her a huge piece since she gave me a huge painting) also i agree with <propfemale> garber's status on myspace about finding that someone who is true and real  (see i do love, just very rarely, i am waiting for \mr right\"")"""
"i wish i had an adventurous life   i am jealous of my character on myspace, getting to have all those journeys   boring   ol <propfemale> living in a boring state   *sighs*"
what the heck am i doing? i got a drawing i need to get started on for a nakama *runs and gets started*
realized i haven't accomplished a thing today  *growls*
it's a sad day when you used to be the best at finding rare anime pictures and now you can't find what you are looking for   it is sad when you only uploaded one new photo on your myspace account because that is all you could find this week 
"downloading some anime  my favorite one piece episodes, i be watching them later on this cool day   waaah! wait! no! i got to start graces drawing! waaah! *passes out*"
"back to work today   and i was just getting cozy   (i am joking though, i am quite bored)"
whelp aside from school am free most of the week   work loves me that much  work next sunday though 
chilling on break from class at the moment   that is all
<propmale> classes are the bestest  because you don't have to study for a final you just have to create  (i am not a book worm)
"working on that picture for a nakama   it's my own style, and i hope they will enjoy it "
is so so tired  
going to draw  for my nakama! she will love this  i do  but i will have to part with it   =p
is it over yet? school i mean   i am ready for summer 
half way there   wait! more than half way there 
finally figured it out   after all these years  that i am    weird (hahaha!)
ready for the end of the day   my friday please!
can't wait for my sister <propfemale> wright to come up and see me   laugh 
"believes in individuality   i maybe weird but i like to show that and i could careless what others think of it  respect me for the \real\"" me  *sticks tongue out*"""
ahead of the game  no stress or work to be done this weekend 
"is excited i think the next one piece episode is the one i have been waiting for, the one where my favorite character saves the day and gets called \scum\"" while he does """
maybe going on a hiatus i am angry at society but i will be thinking about it  
today is the one day i actually have to work  i feel so important 
tch!
lets see if i can go to work and actually stay mellow  *bites tongue*
isn't going to bed yet and will probably stay up until 12 smile 0 drawing    what!? it's the week before finals and i got summer fever already 
crap   i was so busy chit chating online that i didn't get to draw     oh well   to bed than  *points to bed and goes over to it*
going to class    yup that is all i have    last week before finals!! wooo!
all i have to do is print out this project than it is done  
a shout out to <propfemale> <propmale>  haha you made my day   laugh 
last day of graphic design class tomarrow  i will miss my nakama from that class 
one more day of regular class and that day is going to be a pain   carrying two cakes and my <propmale> portfolio around
feels like coloring   don't know why
todays supplies for class: easel and two cakes   my arms are going to get a good work out 
"best sentence to describe me: that gothic kid, that is too happy and cute to be gothic  (i loved that one)"
tired of working on my mugshot  fyi: not a fan of realism i am a fan of cartoon   ism    playful 
any reference to that makes me cringe and want to punch something   it's funny really
"knows what is important in life, it is friendship and family  people need to realize that those people will always have your back   they care about you    forget falling in love, i don't need that   stress   i am just grateful i have the bestest friends and family in the world "
"cleaning the homefront   too much clutter   papers everywhere   then i finish my \favorite coupling\"" picture  it is so so cute  it is going on my wall   i need a bigger wall    laugh """
so so so   tired   and has a headache  
next friday i feel like partying since school is out  who is with me?
so so tired again   *passes out* why did my internal alarm get me up at 6 smile 0 this morning  i will never know  
my head hurts again this morning   oi
"just got done studying for an hour, i figure i will study an hour later, and three or two more tomarrow   it's hard to study though when you have a huge headache  i just want to at least study for 4 or so hours for the test on tuesday  same for the one on thursday  though i know exactly where to look for the one on thursday   *sighs and dies*"
needs to study   get off the computer you slacker   *sighs* i am just overly excited about that story on myspace   i did my reasearch and the situation is pure gold! (story between friends)
"no exams today but two tomarrow  then one on thursday, almost home free "
maybe i should go outside for a real life now   haha!
"i heard it was superhero icon month   okay they are \bad guys turned good\"" but villains are better   laugh """
i must have that software   it looks amazing! i am saving up now   aside from my monthly mangas got to have those 
after today only one more exam   but i work all the days before thursday   so i will have to make time to study   also i am so happeh to see nakamas wanting to party with me on saturday   you make me all so happy   laugh 
"one more exam on thursday, than i am free!"
"i have one cumulative exam left, and it's funny i studied over the first test  from the class, that was easy, i look at my most recent test from the  same class, easy enough, i look at my 2nd test from it and think   oh hell no! (too much science in that one)"
i love this song   it is a great remix 
"you can call me immature all you want, but i will in the end stick my tongue out at you "
one more day until i can taste freedom
"working til midnight   *has to drag self away from computer* i love writing stories   no i won't stop!! i feel accomplished too, that buggy x galdino drawing involves pencils and pens and it looks better with a combo  thumbs up!"
"whack! tomarrow is my last day, i can't wait indeed "
final exam of the semester today! i will be free for the summer by 11   also i broke my headphones last night   i told my mother that for christmas i should have got the more pricy ones   see why  *sighs and gets out big clunker headphones*
i am freeeee
"two b's so far, give me two more!"
"see i can \do\"" non anime  i love me some chowder  laugh """
can't wait to party with my nakamas tomarrow  jamming!
skull jooooookkkkkeeee! (i had to say it   dang <propfemale>  laugh )
going to catch up on my anime before i <propfemale> with my nakama
"oi about to leave got to stop somewhere before i pick up my nakama   (fyi to my friends who are coming i will text you when i leave their house, if you are one who maybe coming, go to my facebook <propfemale> if you need my number to tell me you will be there   tata!)"
"is a slacker   example of this being, <propmale> requests   i will draw you something   *two weeks later* crap! i <propfirst> someone else in their place   but doesn't he look just as cool?"
"going to sleep and i think i went deaf in one ear (i know i didn't, but that is my own fault for listening to my music like i do )"
happy old ladies day   haha! i can never be serious  love ya!
"going to go doodle   blarg! i got the cutest and most disturbing coupling idea, but i need to sketch something for my nakama   hmmmm    multitask much <propfemale>? no!"
"going to work soon, leave some love if you like"
"is sleeping   well not yet   first i have to log off the computer, than i got to turn the lights off, get comfy and close my eyes "
hiya!
i might get to keep one tadpole   hehe! the magic of it turning into a frog 
"i had a hard time getting off the internet today  first replies on myspace, than i want to draw and i get nonstop text   i am popular suddenly   haha! i am not! but i love the replies  laugh "
is addicted to storytelling anymore   i love it! this one with my nakama is a masterpiece 
"i need to pick up supplies when i go to work   fishfood, and a cheapo tank   i want a tadpole dang it!"
"logging off until facebook gets a brain and likes me   just wanted to change my photo and it said \screw you!\"" basically   until facebook is as cool as myspace   i say the same to it  good day sir! *stomps off*  could be back tomarrow who knows  i am not coming back until it lets me change my photo   *pouts*"""
haaaaaa! they found me! that just made my day   the missing piece to my myspace puzzle is complete 
"*laughs* i have strange hours, i work 4-10 tonight   in the backroom, so i won't be doing picks that is good, but i only get a half hour break  that is back  i don't mind though   laugh "
"the internet shops never stop to amaze me   they have what i want, but should i buy it   hmmm   it looks like a good read, and it is a good pairing   doh!"
i am great at trickery
"my birthday is less than a month away, and i don't have anything that i really want  books? but that is all i ever want anymore  lol! i like fanart   what!? it is free and i do  love  collecting my nakamas works  those mean alot "
going outside because        (wait for it)      (wait for it)       i can!!!
"watching my anime, to all my nakamas, i am feeling better   "
wants to know why facebook refuses to let me change my default   i have been trying for a week   (get your act together facebook)
doesn't feel like working today   i feel like crap   and i don't want to deal with crap!  laugh 
wanders why freebook will let me change my fan <propfemale> picture   but won't let me change my real profile picture   and no it isn't a fan<propfemale> for myself  it is for a one piece character 
"turning 21 in less than a month   hmmm   though it feels like any other birthday, i am not big on gambling if i do go, and i don't drink or plan on drinking  i am getting old   that is all i can say  haha"
everyday i try to change my default   everyday i fail    why is it that the fan <propfemale> i started can   but i can't? lucky!
holy   it actually changed my photo   what it isn't me   but i got tired of looking at my mugshot   i need to charge my camera up and take a good one of myself   laugh 
holy   it actually changed my photo   what it isn't me   but i got tired of looking at my mugshot   i need to charge my camera up and take a good one of myself   anyhow  it is crappy out so i clean  i can't sit online all day   =p
"is booked everyday this week but thursday  thursday is still free, but friday and saturday   booked by spiffy nakamas   laugh "
"just keep thinking krysta   thursday, friday, and saturday   if you make it working today  you are free the rest of the week   just keep that thought it mind  "
going outside   laugh 
"be on the look out for the greatest series of texts from me  it's just a question to start off with, but you can either fail or win   the sound effects are classic "
cleaning up the facebook page   those videos might have to go   so watch them while you can!
hanging out today with one of my spiffy nakamas 
back to work today  oi thanks <propfemale> garber and <propfemale> moore for being awesome   laugh 
"wants her doujinshi to come soon, i love that pairing now   laugh "
that does it!!! all my notes disappeared!!! i wrote over 400 or so notes!! don't give me that crap of oh no you haven't   you can take away my picture changing rights but you touch my writings    i am done!!!
so i suppose no one will help me figure out my birthday date    since facebook has grah!!! go to myspace if you want info!! *curses at <propfemale>*
hopefully facebooks stupidity will stop    it drives me crazy!!! the rest of the day facebook you are shunned!!
you got to be kidding   the note app just found all my notes   sheesh
"it's a beautiful day, so outside with my tooshi"
*laughs* it is funny when you go to im and people call you by your alter ego  i feel loved!
feels alot better  i was under the weather   
"june is tomarrow, june is tomarrow! *jumps up and down* 14 days til i am 21   though i still act like a child   hahaha!"
"june is tomarrow, good things in june: 21 finally, vacation from work, kings island, and new mangas but of course  (we are getting to impel down!)"
"flattered, a nakama wants to dress up as a certain one piece character because of me   my work is done  "
is excited! i can't wait to chat with my myspace nakamas on yahoo   laugh 
"i love you guys, why do you make me feel so special and like your caring \niisan\"" every question always comes back to me to be answered   because i can make it sound so intriguing and intelligent  *laughs*"""
dang it is 2 smile 0 already!? i didn't even work on my nakamas drawing today  *sighs* i get distracted too easily 
here i am   yup   *works on nakamas picture*
blames my nakama for getting all these drawing ideas in my head and i blame the show in general that we talk about 
"you can call me little bit, you can call me 3 niisan, just don't call me late for work  yohohohohoho!"
"no one has the right to tell me i can't, because i will show them i can!"
i am 21 finally   what am i going to do   go to kings island!
thanks all for the birthday wishes!! much love!
sorry i haven't been on much   too out there to e playful lain to people who probably don't  completely understand my oddiness 
"*doodle doodle* oh man your abs looking good *doodle doodle, hearts in eyes* this drawing is getting way too good looking   *sobs* (fyi: anatomy improvement over summer)"
my vacation from work is over   how can it be?! anyhow  i need to write a fanfic inspired by a close nakama  this should be interesting   
"here begins the <propfemale> of me not being happy, i am not full time and don't want to be!"
okay i am fine  fixed my hours  *laughs*
is a sly dog *postions finger to <propfemale> and arches brow (if i could)*
wahoo! i have a secret to why i cheer 
"going to the movies later with my family   and no! not to see some glittery vampire movie  sheesh   everyone knows demons are better anyway  *laughs* (lets see how many people bash this, made a dare with my sister)"
going to sleep because i am tired   surprise i am not one of those people at the twlight showing (could careless    go mutates!!)
*claps* huzzah! my texting nakama is back! my phone was getting awfully lonely! *claps again*
"rah! i can't figure it out   i have looked through every online dictionary, my japanese dictionary and i can't figure out what he says after every sentence  going to drive me crazy  "
"*laughs* my comrade just gave me a yet another brillant idea  much love to them for being so creative  first it was a drawing idea, than the fanfic idea, now this  they are good "
got to love fourth of july    work    *sarcasm my friends* not the least bit patriotic   more like glad i can keep my eyes open 
needs a new supply bag   my poor laptop bag isn't going to make it much longer *weeps* must go to store soon get that and my favorite one piece arc: impel down *drools at those anime males in their jail stripes*
my phone is silent again   *frowns*
why can't that be my default   oh! that is right because it is an animation   my bad this isn't myspace  *laughs*
blah   i can't find that scene   i suppose i will have to upload it myself  *grumbles*
really needs a new messager bag   *sniffles* i hate to retire my old one  waaaah!
*laughs* that had to be the best thing i have ever wrote   forgive me nakama i shall not name  now you probably have disturbing images in your head  *laughs* it is adorable though in all honesty 
is quite a cute evil mastermind  *grins*
"just a reminder i don't answer unfamilar <propfirst> even if they are 859, so if you want me send me a message on here first before you plan on calling me  (i have my reasons)"
*laughs* i know i need to stop putting so much detail into my writing  *erases imaginary from nakamas heads*
some people don't deserve such kindness  
yesterday was awesome  i love my nakamas to death  they certainly are the greastest hands down  and a happy birthday to <propfemale> deaton (may you get that deer call you always wanted) *laughs*
"it's sad when you write something and you reread it and think    that is deep, feeling a tear touch your cheek  *sniffles*"
*laughs* you all are so silly that is why you guys are awesome 
"<propfirst> the cutest little chibi of myself  (i believe i am one of those people dispite loving muatations and stuff like that, can only draw cute things  wishes she had a better hand at the gross stuff)"
*ding ding* got an idea  now where is my huge sketchpad  *prays* let this actually turn out right 
stop it with the nice words   you are making me do my happy dance  
"hey this week lets <propfemale> out    anyone   wednesday though is booked by my bestest nakama, but friday or sunday i see me doing nothing    *laughs* yes i work saturday   i rather have worked last saturday considering the episode of one piece this week has my boys back in it    *grumbles*"
"suddenly wants to go to the anime e playful o *saves up money for next year* they have tons of buggy the clowns there   about time  (also once i get home from work a wanted blog will be posted this is important considering the convention here in november, i am dispite)"
<-rah! scary clown   nah i love buggy   laugh 
i am no clown   *frowns* anyhow tomarrow i <propfemale> with my bestest nakama  we a going to have a good time 
"hanging with my partner in crime today  real life buggy figure, grace!"
here i am!
*mouth falls to floor* i am actually doing something this week that doesn't involve hiding in my room!? wha!?
feels like being extra weird today  haha!
has so many questions that need to be answered   1   2   3   4    that about covers it 4 questions! wah! no wait   5! maybe 6    (writes them in blog right away)
suddenly has so many drawing ideas   that waffle one has got to be done!
"is now aware that when i draw something for a nakama putting my heart and soul into it, it can get done quite fast   also i always add something that show people that it is made by me "
can it be halloween already? i just want to dress up for some odd reason  and go to work in it  *laughs*
"about to <propfemale> with <propmale> presley, going to the zoo wahoo!"
quite tired already 
must get to work on a request  and *drools* i found a wonderful piece  
"*laughs* funny when my mother actually gets to see one of my drawings and says \put that in your portfolio\"" it was quite fun to draw but i just need to ink it and hope my nakama likes it """
inking today   it is almost done 
done with the request i hope it is okay
"some think i stay up late, but 2 smile 0 am isn't late   "
to my mother: i told you anime was for people of all ages  talked to a customer who watches one piece and they said their dad is a fan too  so see my point!
needs to take a good photo for a default of myself but despite how out there i am on myspace i am quite shy   *hides*
sorry <propfemale> deaton but that photo is just too wild to be my default  i couldn't do it  *laughs*
working on a shirt design   drew the cutest buggy  (inspiration)
myspace hated me for half the day    i hope it is working   one of you nice people send a comment on my myspace just for reasurance
"my job is complete i made someone cry with the power of my writing  *clutches heart* (fact: aside from drawing, i  love  writing, and wishes i could minor in it)"
going to bed being in the pool most of the day made me *yawns* sleepy 
is actuallly glad she is working   get away from all this stupid football 
feels like combining real life with the <propmale> word   hmmm  i got it *goes to the sketch pad*
"tired, tired   *head slams on the table*"
under the weather   i woke up this way  
"i love it when you intend on just sketching out a layout for a drawing  and then you look on it and say   \these abs are too good to be a sketch\"" *laughs* i just have to curse the notebook lines though   blah!"""
notices my self esteem and anatomy is improving  i am not quite as shy about displaying my work  used to be   back off! type of person 
"i dispise the new note format   i can't scroll down this suvery i was going to fill out   myspace is *coughs* better *coughs* doesn't mess with ones notes, and of course your space is your own  i like pictures!!"
wants to know who these people are? we have no friends in common   so bye bye
"is going to paint   no draw, lets draw i need to give that nice body a face   wha!? i do! *laughs* oi! oi! if anyone wants to be my nakama for the day on tuesday, wednesday, or friday do tell "
my inner fan girl just had a heart attack  i love it when animes encourage my dreams  (everyone on myspace knows i go crazy for that stuff)
i have too many nicknames   if i were to list them and write how they came to be it would be the longest blog ever   i might do that 
*laughs* i had to order them  a gift to inspire me when classes start back up  >_>
*walks out of sight* i need to update the fanpage  hold up 
going to hopefully catch up on my animes today   i am so behind 
"next week class starts back up, but i love what i do and all the e playful erience i am aquiring  (3rd year already)"
yay for sleep! sure lets go with that  oh yay for breathing!!
waaaah! can it be!? *passes out from excitment* now all i need are the things i ordered *holds one closer than the other* hehe!
"sorry if i seem snippy, just stress and anixiety  but just don't do anything to get on my bad side and you will be fine  "
three more days of freedom   *wah*
"i swear if i could minor in something it would be writing  *chuckles* first painting class at 12:15 on monday, first of the semester  so i can technically sleep in "
what am i doing up still? got to get exhausted so i can fall asleep tomarrow night  hehe *hand slams on table falling asleep*
tomarrow classes 10:50-5:55  yay! i will manage   laugh 
whoever the freak you women are stop sending me requests!! i don't know you and you don't know any of my friends!!
"school is going great  i enjoy my typograhy class, and i am curious if i am good at painting   and if that gesso dried okay  "
thanks for that awesome wall post <propfemale> wright *laughs*
i hurt my ankle   i mean pardon my details but you can hear that bone grinding will each step i take  the sound and thought of it  *shivers and turns pale white*
really needs to take a new photo of myself   but i will not take one unless i have my hat on  hmmm   i wish it was convention time  i would certainly take one as a prisoner  *thumbs up*
it works on my phone again?
hi <propfemale> deaton i see you  *right across from you*
act your age they say   well how does someone as crazy at my age act?
claps 47 characters and so many options for an awesome four person team  what!? i have to unlock him   doh!  annoyed 
nononononoooooo! i need to stop taking my baths during peters shenanigans   laugh 
oh boy   work   i wish 4-11 was an option  you know how tired i am on tuesday   tired! and that is the day with all my <propmale> classes   *grumbles*
hi people! i need to start coming up with awardwinning statuses again 
<(imma firing meh laser!)
"swears she is going to finish her very sexy drawing of her favorite anime pairing this weekend  (shame shame shame, i blame one of my nakamas for getting me so into drawing couplings  but i have let this one sit long enough  and yup)"
"wants to <propfemale> out with her best friend, grace  but i never get to and it makes me sad  t_t we do need to go get our convention costumes "
*laughs* my best comrade was thinking of the convention as well today  but she wants me to pick out her character  i know who i want her to be *coughs* buggy  hear my plead!
"is actually tired?! what is wrong with me, night folks!"
off for two more days   plenty of time to catch up on that homework  *laughs*
so much painting  i like it but i don't know if it lives up to the masters   
*yawns softly* i-i am not tired    *closes eyes* not in the least   *falls asleep*
dang   almost 1 in the morning and i can't sleep  such a night owl 
good morning  doesn't wanna get up and go anywhere  
though i might not be on much today due to oh so much to get done  please leave some love and i shall return the favor later tonight 
on for but a wee bit   class in 15  four hours of computer <propmale> 
here comes the annoyance again   shut up! you loud annoying    can't force myself to say anymore  
sorry sorry   finishing my painting  which again   get it out of my sight and mind! *runs*
why i have an urge to draw i will never know   *inspired by all the nice fanart out there i suppose*
my chest hurts and my eye lids are heavy so    i best get into bed and of course dream of ol buggy  night my nakamas!
*laughs* notice anything? i post more statuses on myspace  *laughs* also i give props to all the people in my college classes  i wasn't aware so many people watch one piece  and yes  i am addicted to it   the rest of my family loves football (which i hate!) so one piece is kind of my football   yup   so back off!
"ooc: doh another full day   class, work, and homework   12 smile 0-9 total"
"shall return later this evening my comrades  once i turn in this painting my stress will decrease  i like it, but willl the teacher? i hope "
slow replies but only for today and tomarrow  with work and homework of course 
ooc: doh! i maybe 21 but i want to <propfemale> with my friends   workacholic   so tired   in need of fun  
"okay that is it! this friday whoever wants to <propfemale> with me, come along and state your name   laugh "
"wahoo! another long day, class 10:50-6 and then work 7-11  i love it! *sarcasm* on later much  -_-;;"
"bah! my head hurts so bad, couldn't manage to go to work, so i shall be back later  class was hard to swallow today trust me  *groans*"
whelp good night and hope to feel better tomarrow  i better  good night my beloved nakamas *closes eyes and goes to sleep*
"feels so much better, just was deprive of sleep"
"ooc: must work on homework, so i can go to the halloween store need my jail stripes before the convention "
almost done   though now it is raining  *frowns deeply*
"i am back from my mission  *bows head* can't tell you anything or i will have to, you know "
feeling rather artistic this evening 
lol! i keep telling myspace not to share with facebook and i look in my updates  and it shows all my anime updates   stop it facebook!  laugh 
"t_t they just don't understand, *bites at bars of cell*"
going to finish that drawing i have been working on this evening 
dislikes how my work hours and school hours disagree with my comrades  when can we go costume shopping? i want to try on that outfit!!
rah! the blogs don't work again!? that is where i was going to do some ranting   about various things and not having any time to do them and how i really want to <propfemale> out with my best friend   but i can't ever   doh! oh and i want to purchase my costume for the convention  but i never have time to do that either  needs to see if there will be a luffy present and a buggy  *grins at grace* buggy!
"bah! work overload   this is going to be a loooooonnnnnggggg week  monday: day ends at 1 am, tuesday: day ends at 6 pm (fine with that), wednesday: day ends at 8 pm (decent  ), thursday: day ends at 11 pm, friday: day doesn't even start  (favorite!)"
to work with my funny face  *laughs* that episode last night had so many epic pictures  i am a clown!! rah!
bah i hate mondays   because i know my day ends at 1 am and all my projects are due the next day   no fair!
is so lonely   *sighs*
chit chatting with a comrade about what? well anime of course  new chapter coming out soon   two year skip   old pirates!  laugh 
no work today   and yes yes! they fixed my hours   one more monday then it is 4-8  but i just can't force myself up on tuesdays due to monday   blah!
can't wait to see my sis <propfemale> wright in two days   also i want to get my cosplay costume! *pouts* grace you must come along  considering  i don't know if i can search for a striped shirt alone   *laughs*
"one more month to the covention!! might go costume shopping tomarrow, so excited "
just saw something i want in the future   wait  no two things   i am such an otaku  *drools* time for a blog  of random fangirlish things
cleaning my room why? why must i answer this    because i can!
doh! i can't change my hometown to: yoshis island   no fair!  laugh 
going to finish that picture   today! i swear it! maybe color it   depending on time   and i figured out my anime costume  obvious  but yet i  love  the cape  i <propfemale> the cape  and besides the convict version is so  12th season  we are going for the blue striped version  (makes default yet again)
i must say i am tired yet again   thank you work for giving me the day off to pass out 
needs to go get my costume for the convention  yes i am crazy and i love it  grace you must be free soon  or i might go get it myself  noo!  laugh 
tomarrow or saturday i must get my costume  i can't wait any longer!
anyone free saturday to go costume shopping with me? i want to take photos before the convention 
"agrees with my sister, is so glad i am not a sports fan  i rather watch anime and follow that thank you very much "
"for the convention i got a luffy cosplayer, *chuckles* going to force my bestest nakama to go as nami in prison wear, and a galdino  where is my buggy!? we almost got all the impel down stars but buggy  *grumbles to self*"
"got me some combat boots  aside from being my style they work perfect for my custome  which is only missing four pieces  got the shirt, the pants  wait! 5 pieces "
"can't wait for the convention, all i need are the glasses, the white cape, the mustache and goatee combo, and how to make that insane hair style  anyhow tried on the costume so far  the shirt despite being short sleeve works  the boots help the real version as well  i am going for the manga version not the anime version  he is wearing boots "
wearing those combat boots and prison stripes made me feel so bad   laugh d
wearing those combat boots and prison stripes made be feel so bad  oi and just a note i am going as the one on the left  also thought about going as buggy but  nah! i am a real life female galdino  the adorable version  just so excited! my first villian cosplay 
such a great week  now i must know who wants to <propfemale> on saturday? *random i know*
"when i put on that prisoner outfit, i felt so bad (insert curse word here) the boots and stripes really bring it together  just need the facial hair and the cape and i am all set   laugh "
"let's see   we have a cat (grace)   luffy (caje)   galdino (me), there is but one thing left to do  *sighs*"
would anyone want to <propfemale>  out this evening or afternoon?
on fall break  for a whole two days   then i go back to class for two days   *sighs* got to love it   laugh  those two days being project due days  but today is my day off from school and work 
might have to buy it  the artwork is amazing and doh! me and my fan girlness  *drools*
might have to buy it  the artwork is amazing and doh! me and my fan girlness  *drools* but i feel bad because i have to buy the rest of my outfit for the convention 
i have weird cheeks   just saying   laugh 
yay! my sister <propfemale> wright is coming up! and sure we will give her man <propmale> buchholz  a shout out   heck why not randomly give <propfirst> <propfirst> wright  one too being my brother   also see you at work tomarrow <propfemale> deaton (tag crazy!)
turning in all these projects today    and my stomach hurts  it has been for days  blah! but i will survive 
going to class my comrades  that after striaght to work   *glooms* next week is going to be awful   work four days   blah! the convention is only two weeks away   and i need to finish my costume   *double gloom*
i talk too much   *laughs* update the status once again 
"hates when you have that one gen <propmale>, that is the last one you have to take ever  and you get so into your <propmale> classes, jamming those  that doh! let's just say test 2 in the class  makes me mad and sad  *reads book starting now*"
is sleeping   well not yet but soon   smile 
*claps claps claps* i need to work on my costume! i need to tonight! i have it all planned   also i need to buy a white sheet  i am super escapee! rah!  laugh 
"all i need is hair gel, a cape, and for my hair to look black and my cosplay is done   i am adorable   laugh ddd"
too many football statuses   make it stop!!
the football rants are still going on? give it a break!
"will post cosplay pictures soon   before convention  it is so fun to walk around as a convict in a cape   yes! i made the hair, but how to keep it on my head   laugh "
noticed the muscle on my arm in my default  where did that come from?
sucked it up and bought it   (sorry is such a <propfemale> pincher lately)
why is everyone being so negative tonight? learn to be positive or don't talk to me with your sharp tongue  
if anything on sunday to work i will wear my jail stripes without the hair  no one understands anime references   laugh  can't wait til next sunday!! convention!!!!
"my sister wrote her christmas list   and i haven't a clue what i want! i ordered that book  hehe  that was what i wanted   love  \anyhow i don't know!"
*laughs* now i wish i bought those prisoner pants  i am not going as galdino to work tomarrow   but a prisoner sure  galdino is for next weekend  ah! i still have my luigi  hehe  
is freaking out! that is why i hate going to conventions on sunday! i wanna go friday! i don't know the times for sunday   and i don't want to miss it! t_t from what i read it ends at 12   that can't be right   please my nakama don't make me miss it  i will cry  
okay  next sunday registation is 9-2   *swallows* why am i still shaking? i am sorry but i have been looking forward to this all year  i constructed my galdino costume and i just don't want to miss it  i really wish i could try for friday   isn't there some way?
i <propfirst> a thing on my <propmale> for my cosplay and someone asked me if it was a tattoo  it does look like one doesn't it?  laugh 
*laughs* why does the club on here get more vistors then myself? my group gets more visitors sillies!
"things to do annoyed 1 ) make a christmas list (how are <propfemale> wright and <propfirst> <propfirst> wright already done? i am the only one who doesn't find anything interesting this year but that <propfirst> game unless   *looks about for some anime dvd's)\2 ) finish costume: just the 3 knot  still not working \3 ) find a buggy cosplayer   wake the flash up!! i need one  laugh d"
"this week is epic: sugoicon this weekend, and my doujinshi arrived today   love 's the artwork  finally a story that understands the character and how he is misunderstood "
you know what this weekend is  sugoicon!! wahoo!
doh! why must i wait still sunday to prance around like a pirate?
i need to go to wal-mart check my hours and buy a cape   
"wishes i could translate this doujinshi, i can understand the story by the artwork but it looks deeper then that "
not much to do today  just chilling and waiting for the big day tomorrow  can't wait   smile 
"later i shall post more cosplay pictures, since i got the hair fixed, i can be more in character "
goodness at 12 smile 0 there are people cursing outside    
well nite friends
today i am going to sugoicon as mr 3  i am the cutest little galdino   *dances*
i think i will go to ohayocon  i hear there is going to be a huge one piece group there  i will cosplay as usopp or galdino  mr 3's are hard to come by 
"if my class sign up goes accordingly, i will be out of class monday-thursday at 3 "
"just wants to get this one test over with   driving me crazy  i always get nervous at tests, unless it is only 10 questions but anything more then that i spazz out  i will write a hundred papers and get great grades but quizzes   doh! nite!"
refuses to change her default because that is so me   laugh 
"doh! just got pissed off at myspace, i was going to post my happiness for believing i did well on a test and yet   it wouldn't let me so i posted a bulletin that said screw you and your statuses   myspace is driving me nuts anymore "
"good day today  passed that socology test with a b, on thursday i register for classes, and *gives a cheesy thumbs up* life is good "
nite nite   maybe   laugh 
happy friusday   it is my friday yet thursday in reality 
hates how the sun comes up early now   i can't sleep past 9 smile 0
you ever work on something which you had no faith in   well always have faith in it because it could turn into something beautiful 
working on her christmas list because i am the only one who doesn't have it done   just nothing exciting out there this year 
writing a paper today on an interview with good ol <propfirst> <propfemale> 
you can call me a dork or nerd all you want but i am happy being me!
i have to go back to work today? doh! i have to get back on my normal routine   after two weeks of being off  i don't remember how to work at my job  but i will miss those two weeks considering there was no stress since i had all the time in the world to work on homework  *thumbs up*
wow was i gone that long   at least i am off black friday and thanksgiving
is mad yet happy she is off thanksgiving and black friday  i am merely mad because i need holiday money!
night night!
"i had that nightmare quite a few times  the one with the orb weavers taking over my room  though last night there was one larger posionous one in the corner of my room, and i would wake up right after the large spider jumps onto my neck and bites me   *shivers*"
the word of the day must be love related   please no more   it makes me pity myself more  
"my mood is better, just i hate certain situations"
you know what i want for christmas   a new gir hoodie   it has to have gir on it   that is my thing unless you find a one piece one  laugh 
"i love today!! missed my print time, because i locked my keys in my house so will have to go to kinkos  than i dropped all my printing supplies  doh!"
people believe i can't be quiet for five minutes   they are right   laugh 
good night my friends!
"that was great, tagging people in a random photo   laugh d"
logging off for the night   tired like an old man  but i might draw  laugh 
"three options for ohayocon if i go  \1 ) straw hat luffy\2 ) buggy the clown (i doubt it but a thought)\3 ) executioner galdino"
i like being random   look! an old man!! wahoo!
i got it to work finally!! must go to wal-mart buy two more head bands and it will actually sit on my head with ease   loves how i have more time to work on it unlike the november one   that was a week process   *sighs and hides head in shame*
"*laughs* all of you are obessed with old people  i get tons of likes for saying anything related to old people, let's see how many likes i get for saying the magic word    old man!"
happy thanksgiving to all the crazy people in the world  keep being insane 
going to catch up on my one piece  also i need to get back into character  so good reseach  waah!  laugh 
"needs to take a photo of myself, just me, not in character   but i will be in character next moth too  me and my anime conventions "
i am actually motherly to pirates? myspace does not lie 
a stress load has been lifted off of my shoulders  that was easy  and i didn't notice that solution sooner?
"thinking on if she should try and have a holiday party once again  college nakama, work nakama, and other close nakama  *salutes*"
"maybe i best go to sleep, i am crazy, sorry my nakama whom i am texting for being insane and having to deal with my babbling of being a pirate  *laughs*"
come visit me at work   4-11
what day is better for the party a friday or saturday?
can't there be a picture of galdino and waluigi holding a golbat?
 smile 
"best go to sleep will post the party info tomarrow maybe, so dec 17th or 18th?"
 smile 
*laughs* in the anime why does my villain hero look like a cute little ol man   laugh d
later i am going to post that oldmanness as my default  a certain nakama best not be mad at me for posting it since it is getting close to well   that moment in the anime 
is quite tired  doh!
i was working on my self portrait for painting class and big neck disease is real  it started as a joke in roleplay but i have a beefy neck  wah! galdino did this! *stop drops and rolls*
to work with my large neck muscles   dang that fetish is back  blah!
must rest  my headache is still killing me  *dies*
okay okay this thursday should i have the holiday party or sometime next week?
my neck hurts    night! (i am tired because my neck hurts? lol!)
"finals next week, last day of class today "
one more class than out to one of my favorite resturants  hehe
listening to my usual music you know what it is   laugh 
<- i like being the underdog (also when the underdog is your favorite  laugh )
"working on a painting, self portrait  *frowns* should have wore my cosplay "
got some hours this week  about time am i right?
just as annoying as home  shut up and go play some real football  earth to people they can't hear you in the tv 
is always in touch with her inter child side  
going christmas shopping today with the folks 
i love this song   smile 
i can't spell today   that is winter break not weather break   blah! after tomarrow 
going to work on a drawing like usual 
"*<propfemale> eyes* today i spend time with my sister, than <propfemale> moore  and <propfirst> hoffman , than the epic one piece episode i have been waiting for is on tonight if i am not mistaken   *drools*"
had fun with the girls today and am actually quite mellow for a change  *claps* half an episode devoted to my character  i do care *cries*
wake me when the day is over   (tired)
why all the one piece defaults? because people tell me i am like galdino so yeah  also i haven't taken any real pictures in sometime  not one to enjoy a photo of my erm    self  soon i promise 
i keep going back to this photo   i like it   smile 
is quite tired   still    blah!
i passed the review  see you next semesters my friends 
good day to take it easy  working all week but next week not much so  yup 
"wants to know when the cough fest will end? got mother coughing and my sister doing the same  i can't think, and i do that alot! (only healthy female in this house)"
migraine   so fuzzy  messing with my vision  hate it! i jinxed myself 
if i had to pick a crew in one piece to join it would be buggy the clowns  i have a reason  random fangirl obession 
going to work in a wee bit than out on the town  and work is  a wal-mart sales associate not a 1st mate on a pirate ship   laugh 
if i were to say i am doing this for a fallen comrade's wishes would you laugh at me? - mr 3  galdino
time to get ready for work   me and my big mouth about wanting more hours   laugh 
happy holidays my comrades  *salutes* have a wonderful one 
i am hungry  yes sir  skinny people can be hungry too   laugh 
new purple invader zim hoodie! i  love  it 
happy holidays to all and to all a grand day 
"this week's plans: work tomarrow, going to grace's birthday party on tuesday, than *shrugs*"
need to get ready for work  at least i am not on the floor today  cashiering is rough seriously 
plans with the bestie tomarrow *laughs* that sounds like   hahaha! happy birthday grace   smile 
*laughs* next cosplay  i think i get to work out i am not though but still how the heck does a person get so buff just by a change of clothes? *sighs* going over to graces tata!
listening to some 80's music like i always do at night  such an ol school person   rock on!
is a big ol nerd   but i can live with that   laugh 
looked in the mirror this morning and realized i look just like <propfemale> daisy  that flip on my hair probably  so prominent anymore  though no dresses for me!
is always so cold and i have a blanket on 
blah! woke up this morning to some jerk blasting the bass in his car at 9 am    jerk
going out in a few hours with my buggy (<propfirst> hemphill ) so be back laters  (yay for one piece crack pairings  laugh )
doing so drawing and editing today  drawing for myself and editing for roleplay   laugh 
needs to find out if my crew is going to ohaycon and if once again i am the only one cosplaying   *sighs*humor me   please 
it's two in the morning you know what that means    time to try and finish up that drawing   which anymore has no meaning so i declare it a study  one full body figure and the other just out of humor and my own fandom  *laughs loudly* i am sick   laugh 
this conversation is as exciting as talking about sports  i am always the clueless one 
i was looking through my old scrape book and i realized how quite sad it is  i must make a new one 
"got to do some things before work, work 4 to 1 am like always  but it isn't so bad  *grins*"
shoving off to work *smacks head* sorry that is how i would say it on myspace since i am a pirate over there 
"mondays and wednesdays shouldn't be too bad, one class at 3:15-6  yay i can keep my terrible sleep habits  but honestly tuesday and thursdays shouldn't be bad either over by 3 o'clock  though than straight to work  that is the killer  *clasps*"
is going to poke a few people  will you be special?
i poked so many people my computer e playful loded 
"stupid snow, i am carpooling because when it snowed on friday last week, my mother didn't get home for four hours after work because of    the hill!\and i don't want to wreck like many others did that same day  i  love  the snow but i hate the snow too "
poke fest continues 
wow! you guys are great at this poking game  haha!
whelp time to force myself to sleep  i am such a night owl  *laughs*
today is friday   erm thursday  friusday!
my poor hamster died today   my poor panic   he lived a good life  d:
wishes she could go as buggy to the next convention   but i don't have enough time to make a clown costume 
still up but of course texting the boyfriend  now i think i will draw as well while i am at it 
has a headache and an urge to draw myself for once   that is crazy   laugh 
"no class today, so time to catch up on some boring and confusing reading   it does confuse me, not only with it's scientific words and such but the kearning and leading is awful as well "
"couldn't read every chapter in the book   it has spelling mistakes, kearning issues it drives me nuts  o o"
to work here soon   hooray! *sarcasm* at least silly head works tonight we can rant together   laugh 
"wants to play some old video games from my youth, but yet my computer hates rar files "
"1st class canceled, why am i up? lol!"
<- favorite anti couple: waluigi x <propfemale> (now to work on my online class    away!)
"to bed with me, i need sometime to mellow out "
*laughs* apparently enjoys facial hair   i am going to bed now *random*
needs some advice any one want to help 
sending various people the video of the day   laugh 
who want's to run around with me? i need to run some places today or tomarrow any takers?
"perfect day to go outside and take photos, wishes her manfriend could come over  wake up!  laugh "
blah! i fail   at relaxing 
buttscratcher!
"only a crazy person would be interested in me, thank goodness you are as crazy as me  (a random topic)"
*squeals like a little girl* i want that book! i want it! another 60 <propfemale> doujinshi for my collection 
replied to all roleplays on myspace time to take a few more pictures before class 
are any of my nakamas not camera shy? i feel like i should be taking pictures of people not animals and my ugly mugshot    wait? i am camera shy too! wah!
wishes it was next week after my test on tuesday and after everything is due  that would be thursday  i wish it was next thursday 
weeeeeeee!
is annoyed! why didn't i realize that i saved my homework under the cs5 version when i have cs4   *grumbles* this is why i use my computer not the schools! *pouts for 45 minutes* yes that is as long as the stupid trial version takes   it better be there   
answered a question finally which has been running through my head  thank you internet 
"just an fyi for people watching sports, the tv can't hear you so stop yelling at it and just enjoy watching what i consider rubbish "
blah! i got to work tonight    but it will be so boring   i guess i should study anyhow  oi happy 2 months <propfirst>   smile 
"you want a superbowl related status, here   i refuse to watch the tv because of the superbowl "
rain rain go away   snow would be nice   laugh 
"really wants to draw, but what? i started a self portrait but now i don't feel like drawing myself  blah!"
"really should update on the 30 day challenge though i am probably 30 days behind   laugh  hard to find a photo for \a memory you want to forget\"" since it is hard to look at photos like that without wincing """
tomarrow is date night with <propfirst> hemphill  we are going to a movie than bowling  it is our valentines day considering i am in class and he works the real valentines day 
wishes it was 4 smile 0
"such a wonderful evening, now i should be off to bed  and i still suck at bowling   don't even ask what the high score was for me it was terrible, the heavy drinkers in the <propfirst> next to us did better than me "
needs to clean my desk   but i feel like racing is that bad?
doing my ethics homework   but i read the first paragraph and it makes sense but once they go into details   i am more confused than ever and will admit i think i am the most confused of my group   the others use huge words and i am merely trying to figure it out as i write  i go off topic loads too 
wah! must poke these eleven people  how long have you people been waiting?
1 in the morning and going to do homework    genius!  laugh 
my mood right now is  smile  (yes hamster face)
noooooo! i must poke all these people again  *runs to the sidebar and pokes them all back*
i am going to write a blog   i haven't wrote a decent one in ages 
doing my reading assignment 
precious and fragile things need special handling   i just remembered that song and i love that song 
"happy valentines day to everyone! and yes i am still not a fan of the holiday, he isn't either  so see couples can hate valentines day as well, why should there in honesty be a day where you should e playful ress your love more so? also why should there be a holiday that makes singles feel even worse  why i ask?"
blah so very tired    blah! exhausted    wish it was saturday *doom*
"one class today and one class on wednesdays, this week is great so far "
wants a pair of gaint sunglasses   laugh 
"going to go insane, i am unable to get inspired   and that affects my work  you have no idea how stressed and annoyed i am at this moment "
should sleep but for some reason i can't   so yup   playful 
my chest hurts but i am surviving    somehow 
so adorable that is all i have to say 
going dress shopping tomarrow  and it isn't like i want to but my sister is getting married in july and i am a maid of honor and you know how it is  the only time i will wear a dress   don't get use to it!
home sweet home   laugh 
is in a great mood because i made someone smile 
i  love  <propfirst> hemphill because he always knows how to make me smile 
feels like crap    blah! shot me now   
my music players aren't working   and this song sounds better in it    because i got the amp all funked up 
*laughs* why did they put that in the one piece wiki? he didn't work out in a day   that is impossible   still funny 
realizes that i have a turtle neck   you know one of those necks that is long and looks like it is popping out of a shell   yes one of those  that is my neck  *laughs* now i am off to bed but see i can make a joke about myself 
"is freezing like always    why am i always so c-c-cold    blah! ten more days til spring break, yes i can't wait to socialize again   laugh "
"spring break is a week away, got wednesday booked for fun "
one more class come on free day   laugh 
blah hates not having reception in this building 
blah! i am bored   someone want to <propfemale>?
taking some photos trying to think of a new theme  organic?
can't wait til this week is over but meh i maybe free on monday if i get all my homework done by tomarrow who wants to be my <propmale> for the day?  laugh 
whelp sleepy time   laugh 
"okay, who wants to <propfemale> out next week on spring break? time to reconnect with some nakama   though i realize i might not have any homework wednesday   so maybe this wednesday after class  wahoo!"
after today two more class days til spring break  i need my social life back   laugh 
"two more days til spring break, woo woo!"
hurry up thursday! who wants to be my special friend on friday or saturday? *speaks in a creepy fashion*
what time is it? sleep time! i wish adventure time   lol!
"hanging with  the sister <propfemale> wright today, with grace mcgee on monday, and a date with <propfirst> hemphill on wednesday  any other takers?"
"all my nakamas are so very special to me, and don't any of you ever forget that  *creepy smile* (but i am serious)"
is going to finish this reading assignment than maybe draw (my one piece characters club default photo inspired me   so    amazing)
"now i need to come up with something to draw, i want to draw just am thinking what  my characters? anime? blah!"
happy 3 months to my wonderful manfriend  thanks for everything 
is tired   but can't    fight the music! *dances to song*
"*grins in an eerie smile* no one better ruin my good mood today, <propfirst> is working and it is our 3 months and i intend on smiling all day, so i won't take such  rude remarks any longer   trust me on that  i need to raise my esteem and am trying my best  so if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it or i will oh tune you out  i thank <propfemale> moore for the advice "
*bing bing* got hit with two ideas but i can't say what they are   though i may write them down so i don't forget what they are 
tomarrow is going to be fun get to be social again  hanging with my bestest nakama and my boyfriend  if anyone wants to go bowling as well don't be shy 
"got enough for bowling now, my two best friends and my boyfriend  that should do   smile "
almost work time    hooray    blah!
"despite the rain today is going to be a great day  hanging with <propfirst> hemphill, grace mcgee, and <propfemale> deaton so many amazing people to see in one day "
"loves <propfirst>, thanks for the wonderful night "
woke up this morning realized it was thursday than started to panic 
calmed down slightly why do i worry so much   just my nature   blah!
"my thoughts go out to japan  that is terrible news to hear today,"
someone was talking about something related to the song i am listening to now  i love this song by the way   despite it being an 80's remix 
there ya go!
sushi cat is a fun game to pass the time with  but on the bright side i managed to reinspire myself  to the sketchbook!
"looks like everyone's statuses involves basketball and uk   is so tempted to say something about that particular team, but i know nothing about these things i'll leave that business to my two siblings "
is back from wherever i was   
"whelp first day back to class tomarrow, so i best try and hit the sack  lol!"
chilling waiting for class to start    suddenly my heart is racing as well   why?
i like eggs!!
dang hackers   disregard anything that was posted 
"<propfirst> hemphill, you like to flatter me now it is my turn to flatter you  i love you <propfemale>   love "
working on a poster for work finally  lol!
what is this? i am going to bed before four? i used to only stay up til three but meh i am a night owl   but night!
i can post a basketball status too since everyone else is    go uc
any body know someone who has a camera i can borrow for a month mine has a broken chip    dang my luck
i don't care what people say about the bearcats they played well 
almost work time    hooray    lol! at least nothing to do tomarrow for the most part 
"so excited, date night thursday, though i work friday i can live with that "
got a replacement slr camera   though still an investment
come on thursday   please     pretty please with sugar and sprinkles on top   and oh? what is this? m&m's?
<propfirst> you are dating a male for the week  (look at photo) i love ya 
keyboard fail at nku
might play a video game shortly  best game ever!
*pokes* <propfirst> hemphill hehehehe!
whelp best sleep soon     soon i mean it   i fail at sleep  but i must slumber in order to public speak and also be alive for my date night 
must go to bed    for real     
*rubs eyes* blah    okay let's do the school thing  (obviously isn't in the mood considering i just want this weekend to start)
"let's get this presentation over with   i am not a good public speaker so don't laugh, once this is over with the rest of the day should go smoothly "
love ya <propfirst> hemphill
whelp i am sleepy    tomarrow i work o o    but it was worth it i got to have a deserved date night   laugh 
"taking my online test    woohoo! no really than i am going to play my video game, than to work "
now to relax with some video game playing   laugh 
doh! almost work time   i hope <propfemale> deaton remembers that i work tonight   everyone seemed suprised that i work tonight   can't i have a thursday off here and there?
so very tired    
dang come back nice weather   i hate the cold 
to <propfemale> out or not to <propfemale> out that is the question    hmmm   i am tired but curse working friday! it got me all confused 
hopes that a certain someone gets up in time to meet me for din din   laugh 
turn this crap off  no one cares about this game 
lol! never make <propfemale> angry just ask most of the people today who worked about it  she is pure evil when she is mad   laugh 
chilling like a villain   playful 
"that is awesome, you can get on facebook as your group, but the sad thing is i can't bother people who aren't in my group  and here i was going to bother people as a pirate   laugh "
blah!
"loves my guardian angel for being true to himself and for all the love he gives  almost 5 months, and these months have been perfect  thanks <propfirst> hemphill for being a perfect manfriend   smile "
is so very tired   can't you tell  x x
i dislike thunderstorms at night  spiders nor snakes bother me but thunderstorms do 
go uconn!  laugh 
is uconn winning so far? i think so  eat it! (sorry to my boyfriend but you know i am not a big blue fan)
hear that   that is the sound of uk fans finally growing silent  thank goodness
"yeah say it \your default doesn't have san in it but you roleplay him \"" i couldn't find a decent quality one and besides i await the first mate version soon to come in the anime you know the one with the black jacket """
"i had to, give my roleplay character some love  again sorry babe but you look like you be going out with galdino again  *snickers*"
awaiting for the one person i care so much for to get his behind here to work 
worries too much   my bad but i can't help it 
howdy!
woohoo my sister <propfemale> wright be coming home tomarrow though i won't see her til wednesday probably  but i hope to <propfemale> with her 
can't control myself i am going all morbid on my artwork again this wednesday is <propfirst> hemphill and my five month  <propfirst> we must skype that day   laugh 
oh my goodness i am not going to wear my hat the rest of the semester!? only because i should fluff it out   but meh my hair looks like a hat   laugh d
can't believe a question i answered forgot to add kentucky  it is a state and i have traveled there because i live there  9 9
i'm up and at them   whatever them is 
is very suggestible so knock it off   laugh 
happy four months <propfirst> hemphill also i will see you on skype later   smile 
got a 3ds and i love how i took a picture of my parrot and he literally looks like he is popping out of the system 
here i be 
my sister is crazy you can't turn doc brown into a mii with that image 
almost to the weekend baby   laugh 
"by <propfirst> i have done it   i deleted over 700 messages on myspace, but i saved some roleplays  *grins*  classics if i say so myself   "
"what is the point of pretending to be your group, when you can't freak people out with it  i wanted to post of a friends <propfemale> as mr 3 galdino but failed   laugh "
"seems like on every show you watch on tv the women are sex candy   hello! try looking at a real woman, we are smart, kick butt, and we really don't need anyone to save us  also please   not everyone falls for the hero  (fyi: i am more of a villian person myself which most villains are misunderstood not just pure evil   also they dress better  hehe rant of the day right there "
are they even allowed to hold you hostage? that is crazy   there goes my evening 
"just watched a bunch of old 80's music videos, they don't make them like that anymore  classic"
hard to believe that most of my classes final projects are due the monday after next: final photography project and seven <propfemale> ethics paper 
"exactly midnight you know what that means for an hour   time to draw, me and my random ideas, thanks awesome artwork of my favorite anime coupling  so   dang   amazing  (on my list of things that make me smile)"
only reason i am working tonight is for <propfirst> hemphill  if they want me to stay late again   um   no thanks 
paper is done in my opinon   thank goodness   one thing off my back finally 
"feeling close to better, also   i had to change my photo   look at urkel   laugh "
did i do that?
i just saw a wild boar heading out into the storm   it is going to be big thunder tonight 
"what to do today? first run a few errands, than reply to my class decussion online, second date day with <propfirst> hemphill, than watch one piece, finally sleep  i do need to take a few more photos but i will tomarrow "
"going to go take a few more photos, just because i want to"
"feels so tir<propmale>   hard to believe school is almost out, next semester only going part time  not a fan of classes that you take as fillers  taking interm<propmale>iate gd, ceramics (since sculpture was at an odd time, rpers understand the joke) and socology 101  (last gen <propmale>)"
"needs to get ready for work, but i am not doing any favors tonight, i am exhausted and if you can't tell by staring into my eyes you are nuts  i need sleep and i went to bed before 2 smile 0 last night so   just saying "
you like this? what are you talking about i like everything random like button  lol!
best work on my homework   it isn't going to create itself 
time to write that blog which i am writing because <propfirst> hemphill was curious about my villain fetish  hehehe
lol! that is a default!  laugh  look at all those guys who look the same
should sleep but it is storming and i hate storms   doh!
laugh all you want i can't sleep and am burnning up under the covers 
if i drove all the way here and none of the teachers showed i would be mad   i only got about three hours of sleep after all   i hate storms 
<- epic group of geezers!
poor <propfemale> is scared under my bed   so cute   smile 
wants to know why nyan cat is half poptart   
yesterday was nice spent it will the man i love  just needed a break from my usual all work week  lol! as you can see i am getting into my summer mood of being lazy   sorryz 
is class over yet i be dying    here i need air   air!
why in my sims game for the 3ds did i make <propfirst> and my favorite villain equally hot 
snacks are best saved for later    (family guy had to say it)
just now going to bed but i can't help it  i admit my moaning and groaning of being tired is indeed my own fault  got sucked into my video game  lol! my boyfriend doesn't get along with galdino in the game it is funny 
"wants to know why <propfirst> and galdino aren't getting along, <propfirst> that is my best friend on the game get along!"
*blinks grins and laughs* whoever thinks they know everything about me there is one thing no one knows about me 
hates late night storms   brrrr!
uploading my photos to the cd than to clean my room   than maybe i will have time to draw and i  love  it 
dedode    still waiting for these photos to e playful ort  dodede
so sick of these sirens and this severe weather are you wanting to give me a heart attack?
wanna know a secret? i can't tell you because than it wouldn't be my most secret secret  lol!
music time   laugh 
debating on if i should draw or play the 3ds? i would love to take my hand on a subject which i have been dying to master  but on my game i might have one of my close nakamas move in with me 
"my easter is called working   doh! i missed mine last year as well, but i suppose i would certainly like to keep my saturdays off over my sundays "
whelp time to get my lazy butt up and do something productive   work on my sexy drawing  lol! i kid it isn't sexy but just a drawing   laugh 
"is tired of no respect sometimes, why do favors if you don't get a measly thanks out of it "
not in the mood to deal with people
realizes that i speak only positively but that is just the type of person i am 
hard to believe next thursday or so is the last day of the semester 
<( i'mma firing meh laser!) (had to had to    now i draw)
"be nice to me today, i am a freaking ticking time bomb "
i swear if that siren goes off again i am going to scream  i am sleep deprived and honestly would rather turn over and ignore it  see it is even getting old to someone who hates storms 
is so tired    i hate the freaking sirens waking me   and i have class today as well so blah!
in class and still tired woot!
doing my favorite things this evening working on a personal project for myself one which i have been dying to complete but never get time to  a nice drawing project also i was playing my 3ds  but wonders why galdino comes over more than <propfirst> on my sims game  lol! still  love  him though 
lol! i know <propfirst> hemphill loves it when i change my photo about five hundred times to either a picture of us or to my roleplay character mr 3 galdino  my roleplay friends know what i am talking about when i say it is a way of life   laugh 
"last day of normal class, sorry if i seem too excited but i  love  the summer"
dislikes how bad a reception i get in this building and to make it worse everywhere i look i see them   barefeet in sandels! nasty! (fun fact of the day: i don't like sandels because i hate barefeet they are so nasty)
can't function no more   *bangs head against table* i am out but only 15 more minutes 
"going to clean the room and i hate to toot my own horn but dang! those are some nice forearms i <propfirst>, it is one of my favorite anime characters during the summer ideas  i may draw usopp as well  i  love  to draw   smile "
"best get off my duff and clean the room, than who knows   laugh "
"are you serious? still having fish, lint is over   so tired of fish "
time to doodle my heart maybe play my 3ds as well   hmmm 
time to doodle my heart out maybe play my 3ds as well   hmmm 
"lol! i was playing the sims on my 3ds, i made two of the same person (galdino) and can't delete the version i am not best friends with, but boy when <propfirst> hemphill's sim left my house and saw both of them in the front yard, i think he was having a \what the hell!\"" moment """
"things i need to do this week: finish typography project, study for photography and graphic design history finals, buy silver shoes, get stupid dress fitted, leave more randomness on friends pages, and hope that my ethics paper is good enough to not rewrite "
*laughs* my behind was starting to hurt and not thinking i thought the solution was to check my phone for text messages   hooray for sleepiness 
wonders if tonight she will be the only one working til 1   i hope not  i don't want to get yelled at for anything in that hour alone 
doh! i am the only one working to one   but once one hits i am outta there 
goodness i had my best friend move in with me on the sims and he met himself   lol! (that copy)
*laughs* you can make your pets a facebook   so guess what i did 
"today is final number 1, final number 2 is on wednesday, then number 3 on thursday    then freedom!"
"tonight on lunch i need to focus on my studies  two more finals, so don't disturb "
"tonight on lunch i need to focus on my studies  two more finals, so don't disturb "
people underestimate me because i am a woman   i am sick of it!
"test number two today, also is getting vaguely annoyed with my online paper, i don't know if it was submited and how do i revise a paper when i don't know what to work on because it has no grade  i turned it in on the due day so i am going at revising blindly  it is due on friday and i have no choice "
is a worry wart   truly is
"in honor of mother's day, let's see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother or you with your mother and keep it there till may 9! i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea, please re-post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb   smile "
wishes <propfirst> would get along with galdino on the sims  stop teasing his fasion sense  i am a sucker for vests 
"finally got new spikes today, this one has two rows "
happy mothers day mom   laugh 
"feels so much better, finally popped my jaw bone  it has been bugging me for two weeks but no more   feels so great now "
"doh my computer is being a butt, the left click is worn and doesn't work but in a certain spot "
"dang is so tempted to order one of my doujinshis for a cheap price from an international anime store but isn't sure  hey someone get it for me for my birthday  *laughs* i kid i will think about it, i wish ebay had it though the price would be higher if they did "
bet you weren't e playful ecting usopp  lol!
"cleaning some stuff off my computer   also on my sims game, galdino is the one with the best cooking, people, handiness, logic, and music skills and he is the one who doesn't have a job  lol! <propfirst> hemphill apparentlly wants to join the military as a dream also "
bored at work    going to unload the truck after lunch though 
is so very tired    doh!
chicken legs! (that is how i define myself in shorts)
i change my default alot! usuually to anime characters 
now to go outside because it is nice out  i wanna go for a walk!
"doesn't wanna go to work later, do you see how nice it is outside? i don't wanna spend my day inside that is for sure   it's bad enough i overslept but doh! also later i am going to compile a birthday list, i think there are only about three things on it that are easy to obtain, the rest are from japan   why is it that all the good stuff has to be from out of state?"
is very proud of her manfriend   laugh 
trying to wake <propfirst> hemphill up without calling him like he asked   wake up!
wants to know where jazzy cat is? haven't see her out in the open in about two days 
"rant of the day: i wanna know why there is a pop figure of jozu and no galdino  are you telling me he is more known than san? i mean jozu is even in the new one piece game for the 3ds as a playable character, there better be galdino, playable or not  stop excluding him  (just saying is all)"
"i'm glad you messaged but i'm not on, but i'll be back before too long  you got to wait for the beep, you got to leave your name, , you got to leave your message, wait for the beep "
going to upload a barrel full of photos 
"needs to clean the room but i found the motherload of pictures for my roleplaying, so now i am all weehee!"
"going to draw a bit, got reinspired by a funny image    funny but true image reallly "
blasting the trance music up 
blah best log off got to work tonight and need to get off my duff 
my birthday is less than a month away so excited  who wants to come swimming that day?
needs to think of something for my birthday   aside from what i asked my parents to get and anime goods 
rant of the day: a word to the wise a way to have money is to save it and not spend it on things you don't need   sure i want to spend now and than but there is a thing called self control  just get tired of hearing people complain about waiting for their pay check because they need it now    sorry if i sound like a you know what but it is the truth  save save save not spend spend spend 
woke up early for once  11 is early in my book   not 11 smile 0 
best go get my manfriend    first i need to get gas though   playful 
<propfirst> hemphill there is a bison on the lose be careful
promises that i will post a birthday list soon   i promise
*screams* i can't draw legs   but his chest looks good   why can't i draw legs! i mean he is riped  i must inform that i always draw buff men and flat chested women  *laughs* in my book making a man overly toned is a complement where as making a woman flat    or busty   well that isn't a complement either way i just don't like drawing women  *bows* sorry 
i was brushing my teeth and this spider just came out of nowhere   that was scary  o o
such a beautiful day out today   time for adventure 
just reread a roleplay i did with <propfemale> lackey  awww   it always gets sad at the end where galdino and rika fight  i want them to meet again soon   sad 
all these commericals are very wrong   i mean not all women are bimbos   we do have brains and can kick a mans tail if we want 
today is supposedly the end of the world at 5:45   can't it wait until i get my degree in 2013   at least i will be something at that point  lol!
"only changed my photo because the warden is on the lose, so go impel down prisoners go!"
people will believe anything   rapture please   god is good so why would that happen? that is all i have to say  also anyone can say a day and spread fear to people  i say the world will end 2030 on feb 29th   fear it!
"is on a drawing kick, so if i post a bunch of random doodles don't mind me  also i am working on a real drawing project involving anatomically correct humans but these little bits are just for fun and to reinspire me on that "
"surprising fact: though i am from kentucky and many people find this weird and question if something is wrong with me, i don't listen to country music  though i was born in ohio i don't listen to rap either    not sure if that is associated with ohio but still   "
"a new version inspired by my sister <propfemale> wright, though i am from kentucky, i do not like country music and their sad woes of being alone on the barn in nothing but blue jeans, am not a uk fan and support a team closer to home that i  have associated with that being uol, don't own a ford truck, never had a bourbon, am not racist, don't own a tracker or horse, and hate the whole \get er done\"" crap """
is on a drawing and taking photos kick   
"told my folks what i wanted for my birthday a macro lense  on that list in my notes section, number 4 and 6 are on the top for sibling gift ideas  only four weeks from today that is the day my work vacation starts too   laugh "
going swimming  first swim of the season 
"chilling like a villain like always   what is new? can't wait to see my sister <propfemale> wright on wednesday also my manfriend <propfirst> hemphill, and why not show some love to my brother <propfirst> <propfirst> wright as well  lol!"
doesn't want to be at work all they do is yell at you for doing your job because others decide to mess up everything 
sorry if i seem like a butt just one of those days 
is the sun coming out? i would love that it not rain 
the power is back  now back to sleep   if it didn't come back when i woke up i would have gone insane 
"just had to fix my anatomy on my one piece picture, but now it is better  than i doodled a character from one of my old favorite cartoons whom is one of my favorite characters now "
"i actually feel like a million bucks for once, nothing is acking on my face   what is happening here? lol! also i might not be on much tomarrow though i will have my computer i am going to <propmale> for the day so just saying "
"almost bed time   blah! but i feel so artistic and i want to finish that toned galdino picture, i mean he is riped   (fun fact: can only draw toned men, you tell me to draw them skinny they will be anorexic as in waluigi)"
"time for bed i suppose, force sleep but it is for the best   i can't sleep in a car "
got to get up early two days in a row? how will i survive work tomarrow?
chilling like a villain waiting for something exciting to happen 
"blah, someone bother me i be in need of company and don't wanna sleep yet "
boohoo woe is me goodness you have to study? i have been studying before you were born and you don't hear me complaining   i hate drama attention people 
"i dislike marathons   i know it is considered a holiday but for goodness sake if you are a cartoon channel don't show crappy real life shows all day  that goes moreso for <propmale>, i don't care about your teen drama shows, i want to watch spongebob  and cartoon network why a movie marathon? when they are real life "
my eye lid is quite swollen and quite sore    doh! i think i just get stressed too easily   for no reason  i need to do something that will take my mind off this stuff 
my eyelid is still swollen   how attractive  lol
at least i am feeling good overall my swelling is going down   i am just a barrel of problems and of fun   laugh 
going to chill outside than maybe clean a bit   my dresser is messy
"*sighs* just because i have a swimming pool doesn't mean i want to swim all the time  i have other things i would rather want to do but during the summer it always goes back to the pool  you know it does get boring   hate to say it  also maybe i want to doodle today or go for a walk, maybe take some photos  (sorry for the mood just been thinking alot   and most of the stuff i have been thinking about annoys me )"
"going outside to take some photos   like always, also i did go swimming and it felt so wonderful   the pool is so warm   smile "
doh! there goes my good mood 
it makes perfect sense 
calmed down a bit 
now to the music!
notices a lot of people talking about their best nakama so    hi grace mcgee! *tackles*
get to watch my brothers dog today  she is so full of enegry and i guess we won't be seeing the cat today 
"goodness i am in one of my moods and yet people are surrounding me  i just want to be alone  i am not in my happy go lucky mood, why can't people see that? (nothing personal, just feeling very low)"
wishes it was tomarrow so i could relax  i mean i can't even say what i feel right now  i am annoyed though 
doesn't feel like dealing with people tonight   so if i am quiet don't take it personal just something you wouldn't understand 
is bored and still moody  enough said 
about bedtime   and this time i will keep my alarm set to eleven   i don't intend on sleeping til noon yet again   that was an accident 
laughs i worry too much and than find out it is nothing   someone tell me to stop worrying 
"going swimming  things i am doing this week: celebrating my mothers birthday, going to a baseball game with the manfriend, and going to another shower,"
"going for a walk, i love walks"
"my cat is confusing, you approach her she runs away but when you leave she meows sadly "
just went swimming woohoo
my <propfemale> hates me now for making her hug me   laugh 
"tonight is saturday which means new one piece online   i am waiting to see galdino again   come on he is in a black jacket and what is this? he didn't button it all the way it appears   come on    i love you <propfirst> hemphill, pardon me going on about fictional characters   laugh "
who would win in a pirate battle: arlongs top 5 or buggy's top 5 (i read this in a blog somewhere and i feel loved   everyone agrees the buggy would win because of the character i roleplay  i kick butt!)
"once i am done with this drawing, i think i am going to start making pinecone comics   if you don't know who pinecone is he is one of my original designs  made in the 7th grade with the help of a close nakama at the time   i miss moonflower (her nickname)"
four more works days til vacation 
work makes me sleepy   
happy birthday to the best old bag i know   my mother   smile 
"today is my mothers birthday, finally over the hill and oddly it is my 6 month anniversary with my manfriend <propfirst> hemphill as well, than next monday is my 22nd birthday   i am getting old "
finally got the internet on my 3ds 
"okay after i finish this mr 3 drawing, i am going to start my weekly comic series involving pinecone, so if anyone has any brillant funny ideas for a cute porcupine do tell  also i will work on your request too caje foley "
time for bed  best get my rest 
three more days of work til my vacation  can't wait   smile 
wonders how doomed we are tonight on the truck 
work always makes me tired   just coming in makes me sleepy   blah!
actually forget the previous status   i feel like a million bucks overall though work likes to make me exhausted   just coming in this building makes me tired   why i wonder how associates come in here on their off days   are they human!
working myself to death i hope i pass out    *sarcasm*
i fail at getting up early in the morning   really i do 
so getting a drink when we get inside   i can't take it 
dang it is hot about to go get some ice   my drink is warm 
"finally going to read glass, the continuation of crank, the depressing poetry books are always appealing to me when i am not in the least a depressing person  but first i will install the sims either today or tomarrow, i want galdino to get a job this time   he had so much out there for him and he got fired  and i want <propfirst> to look more like him, who was that in the 3ds version but a cute guy with a goatee "
"i woke up in a wonderful mood, so please don't ruin it   i feel once again as though i am on top of the world so yeah   that goes for work too  i want to be like this all next week "
going swimming with the folks  fun fun   laugh 
when i get home i am playing my game  lol! still not sure if i should make myself or have another victim go through the journey of life 
reason i miss the other breakroom   now people sneak up on me when i am drawing   and of course i slam that book shut   like grandma said it is a security thing  i don't like being rude but people shouldn't stick their nose in my sketches  i mean i admit that there is a shirtless picture of galdino in there you think i want people seeing that   no no!
"fridays was good, best nachoes in my opinon, may play the sims soon, but i might not make myself but just stick with anime characters for now   let them age   laugh "
is scared so much lightening  o o
life is good *grins from cheek to cheek*
tomarrow i have a shower i will need to go to on the behalf of my sister once again  i just hope she likes the gift i got her   i put a lot of heart into it 
best sleep before the storm comes   yup   
was looking through a box of memories  i really do miss my old drawing and writing sidekick  i wonder if she would remember me  us and our comics  hehe
might play me some sims3   though i am still thinking if i want <propfirst> to live in the same house with my roomate and me  *laughs* same people from my 3ds version  lets make galdino once again the one with so much potential 
*growls* since my mother dropped my phone and it got wet it shorts out   shuts off when i am typing 
warning to all my one piece roleplaying nakamas   and fans of the show in general: don't watch any galdino episodes because i know you will think of me  but i  love  you for doing so anyhow 
"is quite tired    still   also i think i made galdino too musclur in the sims, but meh he is a self employed painter  and i love how complementing someones appearance is considered flirting   i complement people all the time in real life but have no feelings that way whatsoever "
realizes that i find guys in vests very attractive   lol!
woowoo! one more day of work than i am free!!! so don't piss me off  give me a hug if you see me   that always makes me happeh!
so in my 3ds sims i have <propfirst> and in the pc version i have galdino    don't hate me <propfirst>!! i still love you 
<propfirst> figured it out i have a chest fetish   that is why i like vests   but i am refering to the vest my roomate is wearing in the sims   (can't see it in the picture but i am a fan for vests like that   )
goodness i can't stop playing this game   *pokes man vest* lol! i only do that to annoy my manfriend  if i ever make <propfirst> hemphill in the game he is getting a man vest   laugh ddd
funny i don't feel a day over 20
best clean the homefront before the shindig (sp?) jamming to some tunes   like a winner  thankie for the wishes as well  i love you all   laugh 
"whenever i contemplate to myself, why must there be someone there looking at me like i a strange?"
"so we go from a birthday party to the eye doctors today   lol! i am just happy to be on vacation away from work  and i thank you all for the birthday wishes and to <propfirst> hemphill, grace mcgee, caje foley, and <propfemale> garber for chilling with me on my birthday  love all of you though   love "
"street fighter is good, though of course my favorite character is the female with the combat boots <propfemale> and makoto because she reminds me of myself  a tomboy "
"about bedtime, can't stay awake any longer   night night *passes out onto the ground*"
<propfemale> outside means artistic day inside 
"people like statuses right? but in my opinion if you like something you should have to comment why you like it so much  heck i can't read minds and see why you like it, you have to inform me about it "
"*laughs* in the sims3 why does my smart, genius, bookworm, artistic roomate want a tattoo? meh i let him get one anyhow   bad$% galdino"
going to kings island if the weather is wonderful tomarrow 
what to do now    draw?    play the ds?     play the sims?    read a book?   roleplay online?    blah!
might sleep soon quite tired  what time we wanna go to kings island?
blah i'll go to kings island another day   it is good all summer   hopefully a wednesday
i always want to color my work but   i be lazy and sometimes color makes it worse   i will try on my default though 
"time for a trip down memory <propfirst>! here are the rules        leave one memory of me and you  it doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot, just share anything you remember  don't send a message  leave your comment right here  next step is to re-post this on your wall and see how many people leave memories "
my default is in honor of fathers day tomarrow 
hard to believe i have to go back to work on tuesday already   
going to sleep here soon   tomarrow we have a cute little puppy visiting 
happy fathers day to the best dad someone as insane as me could ask for   laugh 
*laughs* <propfemale> <propmale> i am going to play your game  the one where for every like i get on this status i will post a fun fact about myself 
fact #1: originally i always dreamt of being a <propfemale> biologist  being quite fasinated with the creatures of the deep  being quite intrigued i even got a stuff animal of a  saccopharynx which was and still is my favorite deep sea animal 
"fact #3: i am the only person in my whole family (siblings and cousins) who loves anime, and i mean real anime not american made anime "
"fact #4: i am a worry wart and can be quite suggestible, if one thing looks out of wack i freak out  the only way to calm me down is to usually reasure me that i am crazy pretty much "
got some pictures for you    now to lightroom!
now i feel like drawing   again   can't play the sims downstairs with a dog present   i will save that for later 
"doh! back to work tomarrow   i really don't wanna go back, i enjoyed being respected and not yelled at "
getting ready for work 
"so much has changed here   management, new faces, methods   blah! i don't like change   "
i am surrounded by    ugh!
certainly  wants that new luigis mansion game for my 3ds when it comes out 
*shivers* to reinspire my comic idea about monsters and such i am watching some gameplay from some scary video games   so creepy yet i can't turn away  why do abnormally long arms scare me!? (good designs just so creepy)
dare of the day: i dare people with over 200 friends to send a message to all your friends   do you really know them all? that is the question   i hope i am not a digit to anyone   sheesh 
now i am going to draw   not sure what but something to do 
what to do now?
chilling with the dog 
a wedding in the sims is just a shindig 
is tired but when i get home you know i won't sleep 
random observation: i noticed that alot of people younger than myself are getting married   but shouldn't a person finish college and get on a decent path before commiting? just a thought   also people shouldn't decided to tie the knot after one year  love takes time   geez what is the rush? think about it do you want to wake up next to that person everyday? just a thought  <propfemale> out!
hard to believe my sister is getting married next weekend  <propmale> buchholz you best treat ol big nose right  i kid i  love  you <propfemale> wright 
got a new deviantart account   though nothing is on it yet because i need to draw some more before sharing   i might post some photography as well  just an fyi it is threedino (obvious) and yes   my sister figured it out   i do draw my men too muscular but come on  i am only human
*contemplates*
going to clean wee bit before work 
blah everytime i walk into this place the life is sucked out of me   can't wait to do something i love the rest of my life in a graphic field 
"i have rapid mood swings, i go from your best friend to hey leave me the freak alone!"
"while cleaning my room i uncovered some old classic photos   so to <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>  beware! i am posting them "
"*laughs* i have to agree with <propfirst> that my sisters wedding is getting me out of my safe zone  dresses? make-up? say what!? tch! that is the only day you will see me dolled up, i have a reputation to keep as a slugger   as a don't mess with me or i will introduce you to my fist  *laughs*"
"<-flashy best captain not as amazing as his impel down comrade though  yes, i am a sucker for brains over bronze type people "
one place to the next   can it be friday already?
hooray for being short handed   blah!
"ready to go home   they only have two people today, why?!"
a flaw in my character which i hate when i am in love   i don't even want to spell out what it is but it is obvious 
i love you <propfirst> hemphill 
about all of my shirts have gir on it 
another boring day   wants to swim    *sighs*
now to go outside and sit in the sun  lol
"i believe that i don't say this enough to you babe, but i love you with all my heart <propfirst> hemphill  you are the best manfriend a girl could ask for "
after today i will be quite busy  got a rehearsal din din to attend tomarrow night than a wedding on saturday  at least my manfriend <propfirst> hemphill will be there  so family members don't scare him off 
my back hurts i am so old 
someone else bought myspace again i hear? why? now where will i roleplay? if it is going to turn into a music site considered myself retired from roleplaying 
"chilling in my room listening to music  thought about going swimming but meh, i need some me time  lol!"
i want to watch a particular monster  ghost video but i know it will give me nightmares  so why do i want to watch it    because it is such a well designed creature   i am odd  i need inspiration for project se7en anyhow  yes i am bringing that back once i am done with my pinecone vs  a pirate picture  (new cast)
happy birthday to my cat jazzy   laugh 
so from one to six tomarrow i will be getting ready for this thing  and yes i don't like dresses   but it is for my sister  
it might be my sisters wedding but on events like today and kings island day i can't sleep am too excited 
watching good ol space jam  a classic 
"home sweet home, my sister is offically married  congrats to her "
has a huge headache  can't wait for wednesday kings island day   laugh 
so tired and blah! i hope i make it   
who wants a whack of a hunk of pie? (lol! someone said that at work and i just had to make it a status)
i hear fireworks still? at 3 in the am?
about bedtime   not tired but i should attempt to sleep 
going swimming  haven't swam all week 
i wanna go to kings island   someone please remind me to sleep tomarrow night  i need to get up bright and early 
is at work   is it wednesday yet? i wanna go to kings island 
today everyone assumes i am the lead person   i am not so don't ask me what to do   i just am doing my usual routine 
i understand now   i am so very flawed  but i can't help it 
now time to make some lunch though   than maybe finish that drawing before work   to color or not to color that is the question   
i colored it   but photographs of the drawing look better than a scan of it   smile 
so glad to be at lunch alone away from that backroom  i am tired of this stuff 
not thunder   doh!
going to rest a bit   my head hurts yet again  
i am getting some hermit crabs tomarrow   smile 
wishes i could find a spider to take a picture of   not a fan of them in my face but i respect them 
has such a headache i might turn in early 
got my two hermits today   i need to pick up some more supplies tomarrow  lol! but that is okay with me 
time to poke all these people that need to be poked 
may turn in early  as of late i have been quite exhausted 
feels blah!
feels so blah! but i have to go to work   i just hope i make it 
still congested!
wishes i could breath  stupid cough 
"time for sleep, the cold and congestion isn't the part that really bothers me  the fact that the muscle under my ear is very sore that bothers me "
tonight i must do some shopping on my lunch   need some hermit supplies and i need to buy something for my cosplay  never too early to start  besides my manfriend may go with me this year too so i must see if i can make him into a clown  wehehehe! fun!
can't wait to <propfemale> with my best friend tomarrow 
hooray for 80's music playing at work   boo for the country inbetween and the 60's as well 
when i <propfemale> with grace i am going to cosplay   *laughs* got my supplies 
"both my hermits are females, a site told me how to find out "
i am such a worrywart no wonder i roleplay galdino 
needs a new default   *grins hoping someone out there knows what picture i am refering to*
"that is a good question  if i were in impel down i would want to be on level 2, or five   can i take one of the prisioners from level 2 to level 5 with me?  laugh "
"one last status before work, like the worlds best mother and father titles  there are alot of people who say their manfriend is the best  but it all depends on preference  quailites some may find attractive might sicken another  so if you assume you have the best , it is to your standards   as long as you are happy that matters, but no one is indeed the best  (haven't a clue why i wrote this)"
you have been ron'd   in your mind 
time to clean the room   because i am bored and have nothing better to do   how sad is that 
listening to music while uploading some photos 
to bed with me   because i can't stop yawning 
why bother   *annoyed*
"thank you <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> hemphill, you two are the best  also instead of cursing i am going to say \flash\"" when i am angry   woohoo for buggy   laugh """
hooray! it is raining   laugh 
feels at unease today   why is everything around me so depressing   i am gently a happy person  whelp i am going to draw to take my mind off of things  *starts drawing* why is this a depressing picture?!*looks at her characters ripped body* nevermind    *laughs*
there! i deleted it off my phone  i am over it 
"i only get angry when my heart aches   (and no this isn't concerning my manfriend, he is a true friend )"
doh   i can't be mad anymore   i am not that type of person  sorry comrade 
i overeact that isn't a crime  it is a sign that i care   love  my friends 
"if you're brave enough, post this & see how people rate you! 1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: i want to date you  4: sarcastic  5: i miss you  6: i'd kiss you  7: beautiful  8: smart  9: imaginative  10: random  11: jerk  12: funny  13: odd  14: amazing  15: tough  16: cute  17: i'd hit you with a bus  18: i love you  19: weirdo  20: friends forever  ;-d"
early start   still tired  blah!
i want to go to the zoo before college starts back up   smile 
*laughs* curse you grace mcgee and caje foley for making me want to punch a bunch of old guys who look the same! i did good when no one had a weapon 
"about time for bed, look at all these eraser shavings on my bed   i have been drawing all day i must say "
the sound of rain tapping against my bedroom window and thunder crashing outside just makes me want to roll over and go back to bed   at least i get to sleep in tomarrow 
now i draw once again
drawing untoned people is hard   i had to draw a toned person than give them their body shape that way 
can't wait until saturday *gazes at event in the corner*
having a conversation with grace about where old punching men come from 
"must get to the bookstore before it closes  i am sad, i prefer borders over barnes & nobles  and now crestview stinks   though they still have fridays  ^-^"
why are these people sitting so dang close to us in the theater we were there first 
whelp time for bed  *yawns*
*laughs* it is sad when you draw a heavier set guy and he still looks riped  his arms at least do  it's like he is working out yet pigging out at the same time   laugh d
got my design groove back on in the sims and discovered how to not age  now to figure out how to move my real life nakamas into a house without playing as them 
blah i wanna draw   playful 
thanks for the offer but it is my friday and my back hurts so no go 
going to clean the room today 
peeve pet (biggest one): i am not a fan of people sneaking up behind me when i am drawing or on the computer  i am a very private person  so when i slam my sketchbook shut or my computer that means you have invaded my space 
