be5e5447f4fad69f9f50147ae1e70e18
visit my farm in farmville   it's impressive  but shows how much time i have to kill 
i'm finally back on the web!  been gone for awhile 
living in a motel is soooo boring!  but at least it's quiet; no arguing 
"went to see my boys yesterday   everything was going so well, the wife even asked me to move back in   but by the end of the night, her real feelings came out   so, back to the motel again "
"wife and i made up   went to the \movies\"" last night   and what a great movie it was!  hopefully things will stay this way """
ever wake up on a sunday and have no idea what to do with yourself?  that's me this morning   have no clue what i'm gonna do today 
strike that last comment  i know what i'm doing today!  my son's baseball team won the district championship!  we are having a party for them today!  what was i thinking?
"saw this saying and love it, but can't remember who said it  \the service we render to others is the rent we pay for our room on earth \""  some words to think about """
"i'm wearing my son's shoes!  he's 14   if turning 40 didn't make me feel old, this does!"
farkle sucks!  i'm not playing it anymore!
just back from baseball practice   boy do i have my work cut out for me with this team 
"we were going to have a baseball game today, but no one worked on the field   so it's gonna be a field day   boys can't play on a ragged field "
"first ballgame today   my boys beat themselves   we lost 11-1, but they only had 1 earned   the other 10 runs came from errors   bad first game   "
"well, my boys lost another baseball game tonight; 5-3   not as bad as saturday's lost by 10, but just as bad because they lost due to their own errors again   stop the errors and we might start winning "
my boys finally won a ballgame today   6-1!  they were awesome 
"just got turned on to geocaching  if you don't know what that is, check it out at geocaching com   lots of fun!"
"a great first day of caching   hunted for 7 caches, found 5  each of my boys found one, even 5 y o  <propfirst> (we pointed to the tree)   i didn't personally find a cache, but it was a great day with my boys  will be doing this again!"
another great evening of caching   found six of seven   one at 9 smile 0 by the light of the gps   i think i'm addicted!
<propfirst>'s baseball team won another game today; 14-4 
been in the 90's every day here   in october!  love florida!
just found a cache without using a gps   think i'm getting the <propfemale> of this!
need a gps   anyone have one to sell; cheap?
"god, help us!  there are christmas commercials on tv already "
"it is not easy to find happiness within ourselves, but it is not possible to find it elsewhere    not sure who said it, but it's perfect!"
watching ghost hunters again   don't know why i bother  i've seen 30? shows and have yet to see anything credible 
"\it's saturday night and i ain't got nobody\""       just a song that came into my head """
thanksgiving day tomorrow in a motel room   should be a great day!  probably sleep a lot 
"went to a friend's for turkey   i have never had thanksgiving dinner made by an italian grandmother   oh my god i hurt!  raviolis to start   then turkey, taters, stuffing, corn, peas, turnips, yams, spinach, broccoli, cauliflower and carrots in cheese sauce, sauteed mushrooms, little onions in sauce, and rolls with butter "
i have to make a delivery to islesworth tomorrow  may be i'll get a photo of tiger and sell it for thousands!!
"oh what fun it is to ride   home on a bike, four <propmale> from work, in the damn rain!"
"for those who read my post about a local car dealership who promises everybody rides, but declined me, here is the latest email from them:   dear <propfirst> hiller, this is your last <propmale> to save thousands on your next hyundai! if you are in the market for a new hyundai sonata or sante <propfemale> please do not wait until it's too late  the best deals are being made right now!  and people don't trust car salesmen?  wonder why?"
two long three day weekends coming up with nothing to do and no where to go 
"no gifts, no cards, no phone calls today   call me scrooge, but christmas sucks!"
my wife and kids have been gone for 7 weeks now   been okay until now  just broke down and cried like a baby  not like me at all   haven't cried in years   guess you can't control your feelings no matter how hard you try 
glad to be back at work today   three day weekend in a small rooms does things to your head   and there is another one coming up 
just home from work with three days off ahead of me   time to settle in for a long winter's natty! (several of them)
new years day and it's 70 degrees  i love florida!
good thing i'm not in michigan with my family right now   i'd be goind to jail tonight!  my 12 year old just called and said his uncle hit him   i swear i'd be in jail if i was there 
"<propfirst> started practicing for baseball season   hate that i can't be there   been his coach for four years   brought him to the point of being one of the best pitcher's in his league   at 14 thows 76 mph, with a great curve and a change up that will fool the best batter   hoping somehow i can talk to his new coach "
another season of american idol started   can't believe it's so popular   a show that descriminates is the hottest show on tv?  like there aren't any singers today over 28 that are any good?  and who has an idol under 28? totally stupid!
"\wishing you were someone else is a waste of the person you are\""  - unknown"""
"watching \the lake house\"" again  love the movie  it's a total chick flick!  but i like it """
finally back into the 70's!  two weeks in the 30's was enough   feeling like florida again 
"remember: \when you blame and criticize others you are avoiding a truth about yourself\"" """
"my dad is going to be in lakeland, fl this weekend   about one hour away   i haven't seen him in two years   i don't have a car and he's flying down   i can't let another year pass without seeing him, but neither of us have a vehicle   anyone want to rent me a car?"
the only way to find the limits of what's possible is to go beyond them into the impossible 
looks like i won't be seeing my dad this weekend  this sucks!  he's only an hour away and i have no way to get there   he's there til next saturday   hoping w-2 comes this week 
"may we never let the things we can't have, or don't have, or shouldn't have, spoil our enjoyment of the things we do have and can have  as we value our happiness let us not forget it, for one of the greatest lessons in life is learning to be happy without the things we cannot or should not have  - <propfirst> l  evans"
"well, favre just blew a <propmale> at a win to take it to overtime  but what do you e playful ect from a packer?"
"love tax time! now may be i can get a car and quit biking to work   just kills me i have to give half to the woman who put me in this situation  well, i don't have to  but it's the right thing to do  after all, she has to take care of my boys "
"never mind the previous statement about tax money and getting a car  that's not going to happen   if there is a god, he hates me   i won't go into details, but the money is gone and i didn't spend it  just when i thought things were looking up   "
"saw a funny shirt yesterday  great for us guys who are getting older   it read, \i'm not losing my hair  i'm getting more head \""  love it!"""
"i just talked to my aunt for the first time in 20 years!  god what a great feeling   i broke down like a baby   after all, at the end of the day, family is all  you have "
"i had such a great night, haven't been to sleep yet! makes up for what happened to me last weekend "
"that great night carried over through the weekend and into my work today   felt regenerated! even found my self singing!  but my luck, the reason for this ends tonight   not sure how i'll feel tomorrow "
you can tell all the yooper facebookers: all their profile picks are of dead deer!  may be being here in florida i should find a pic of a dead alligatior?  or may be a <propfirst>?
"it was a good day   might not seem like much to some, but there are times when a good day can make your week "
"it's my oldest boy's first year of high school baseball   the coaches are already fighting over him! 14 years old, throws 76 mph with great curve and change up   who can blame them?"
we've all heard that bad things happen to good people   damn story of my life!
you try to do the right thing and it comes back to bite you   i helped someone out and tomorrow i'll probably be living on the street   so much for <propfemale>!
"biking and or walking everywhere can suck at times     but i just bought a size 38 pair of shorts!  i haven't worn that size for over 10 years   i don't care if it's raining and 20 degrees tomorrow, i'm wearing them!"
"walked to the store last night about 12 surprise 0  got stopped by the cops   ran my id and searched  me   i know i don't live in the best area, but really? i was just walking "
heading out for a couple green beers  can't stay long; have to work in the morning   have a great <propfemale>'s day everyone!
"my wife  and boys are in the u p   she has asked me to move there to be with them  i love my family, but i lived in the u p, for many years and hated it  even talking with my siste"
"even talking with talking with my sisters, none of uis want to be there again "
"we are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another  - <propmale> de crescenzo"
"imagine wanting something for 2 1 2 years, then finally getting it   a sweet feeling! for once in a long time i am a happy guy!"
i need to see a doctor  but i don't have insurance  what to do?
just back from the hospital  what a long night!  had a friend take me and pick me up  still sore from the cutting they had to do  will be sore for many days  but thanks to all who showed concern 
"great to have good people in my life  so many have helped me since this problem started only 24 hours ago   sometimes life can bite, but in the last day i know i am truely blessed with good friends "
"boss just said i can't come back to work yet  i want to, but i know she's right  i need at least one more day to recover "
these meds are kicking my ass! funny that's where the problem is! probably a good thing i'm not working tomorrow (again) 
being off work and on these meds has thrown me off completely  should not be awake at 2 smile 0 a m 
"life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier  - <propfirst> schweitzer"
"boss suggested i don't come bact to work until monday   so, a whole week off  what a vacation! a full day in the hospital and six days soaking my ass  lol"
being off all week and on these meds just throws everything off  i should not be awake right now 
just made the hardest phone call of my life  not a good feeling  but it was necessary 
"had my follow up today  doc says healing perfectly  still need to keep soaking though  thanks to all who showed support, caring, and the ocction quip about where my 'wound' is  it was fun being the \butt\"" of your jokes all week """
"just remember, i'm not responsible for anything i said last week on those meds  i don't recall much "
"email from the wife today   looks like she's going through with the divorce  for anyone who knows us, they will all tell you it's for the best   and though i know that too, still sucks to see an end in sight after 16 years  normally wouldn't share this with so many people   but just something about facebook friends "
"how stupid do they think we are? watching 1,000 ways to die  they just showed a guy who was burned to death from lighing a fart  sorry, ladies  but guys, haven't we all done this? has anyone caught on fire?  ridiculous!"
"just had a meatball sub from rhino's  well, half of one  way too much for me  for those who live in the <propmale> area, if you haven't eaten here, you are missing out! the food is <propfemale> good  everything is homemade, even their chicken soup  and the servings are huge for the money "
why do i watch the news? a local 11 year old girl missing since friday is the top story  so sad  what is wrong with some people?
what a great weekend  hope everyone is as happy as i am!
"it ain't over yet, but <propmale> mickelson has won the masters  after five months away, tiget placed an impressive 4th place  and he was upset!  ego!!!"
"local morning show on the radio ruined birthday cakes for me forever  reminded everyone that someone is blowing right on top of the entire cake and that every time you blow, spittle comes out!  sorry if that ruined it for anyone else "
"to all who watch \two and a half men\""; any but me notice the never pour a full cup of coffee?  it's only a sip or two (and 1 2) """
"sing! \it's saturday night and i ain't got nobody   \"""""
"mets vs cardinals  into the 16th inning, no score  what a game "
finally healed to where i can ride the bike again 
"well, it's my 11th anniversary today   does it mean anything when we've been seperated for almost six months and she's 1,600 <propmale> away with our boys?"
"accepted a friend request from a picture of a beautiful blond white woman  checked her home <propfemale>, she's an older black woman  i have no problem with any race, but why would someone do that? just be yourself! i don't judge "
"my speakers are fried! still have sound, but lots of static  time for some new ones (damn) "
my boss gave me a used set of speakers with a sub wolfer  sound is amazing! thanks boss!
"women are insane! for the last week the wife was super nice, asking me to move to michigan; telling how much better things will be  just now she lost it, said live my life just keep sending money  what the hell?????"
seriously considering going back to michigan to be with my family  six months here alone is just too much  i don't even want to be here anymore 
it's a done deal  talked to the wife  she want's me there  so do the boys  called my job and quit  will be moving back to michigan next saturday 
"can anyone take me to the bus station on saturday around noon? if not, it's one hell of a walk "
"to all my friends here in florida, it's been a pleasure knowing you  i am leaving saturday to be with my boys in michigan  i've said my goodbyes to everyone  if i missed you, let me know so i can say goodbye properly  i have loved living here and appreciate all the friends i've made  i'm sad to be leaving, but family comes first  but you all know that "
"thinking now of leaving thursday afternoon  really don't see the reason to sit here two extra days  sitting in this room, knowing i'm going to see my family is torture  why postpone it?"
"about to head out for one last night in <propmale>! then it's back the black hole of the u p  joked for years that is keeps sucking people back  now after 14 years away, it's sucking me in!  but glad i'll being seeing my boys again in just a few days "
"my last night in florida! been here 14 years, made a lot of great friends, and hate to be leaving  but anyone here who is a parents knows, you do what you have to for your kids  and that's what i'm doing "
"to all who have inquired, i am in the u p  of michigan (escanaba) and doing well   i miss florida and all my friends there, not to mention the warm weather  but another chapter has begun and it's time to write a happy ending  my best to all! i don't have a computer, so i will check in with you all whenever i make it to the library "
local fireworks cancelled due to rain   but a good 4th none the less 
"my dad is golfing with <propfemale> cooper tomorrow   how cool is that? even better, he's getting me an autograph   i was 16 and living in chicago when i saw my first live concert   guess who it was!"
"this new job (well, temporary way of making some cash) has me walking 8-10 <propmale> a day  omg!  i really am turning 41 in 10 days "
"lord help me!  she hasn't slept in our bed in 7 days  claims it's because there were clothes on her side   her clothes that she put there   so, i moved them   now she's angry because i didn't put them in the right place and still didn't sleep in our bed   i'm thinking of starting a \get <propfirst> back to florida\"" fund drive """
"i give up  some of you have heard my saga  but no one i know can say i didn't give my all to keep my family together   this last time i gave up everything; my job, my friends, a place i loved, and a <propmale> at being happy with someone else (you know who you are)   but it's time to admit i have lost   tomorrow is my birthday   let's hope it is a new biginning   i don't know how, but i need to get back to florida "
"another day working too hard for too little money, only to hand it over to the wife who doesn't appreciate what i do for the family   sorry, am i sounding whiny?"
"well, she left yesterday around 5 surprise 0 p m  to watch her sister play darts, then go to the casino   (she said)   it's now almost 7 surprise 0 a m  the next morning   again, no word   at least the two oldest boys were at friends' houses   but the 6 year old kept asking when she was coming home   harder on him than me "
"she strolled in about 7 surprise 0, certain she told me she'd be gone all night   now she says she has an appointment to sign papers on the 4th "
should be getting my phone in the mail today!  (what a life when a phone gets you excited) 
"<propfirst> downloaded something from myspace  home computer is trashed!  no boot system detected   so, back to the library for my internet fixes (and keeping in touch with my facebook family) "
"the battle is over, the war is lost   time to start figuring out how i'll get back to florida (and survive there)   but i will be back!"
everything is in motion to go back where i should have stayed  feeling pretty darn good about this!
finally back in <propfemale>  looking forward to seeing my friends here
"great to be back in florida   sorry i've been out of touch   priorities are work, bills, then getting another computer   meantime will check in on friend's or library's "
"well, i got served divorce papers today   wasn't sure she'd actually do it  kind of surreal   the bashing was a surprize!  claims i was physically abusive and suicidal!!!  it's gonna be a bitch fighting the allogations "
i talked with my oldest boy  he had no idea about my situation  i've sent three letters e playful laining everything   this means my wife (ex) isn't giving my boys the letters i send them 
"my oldest, <propfirst>, just sent me a message saying his mom has told him to get out!  he's only 15  he wants to come be with me, and i would love nothing more  but i'm renting a room and only make $200 a week   i feel so helpless!!"
new phone with web! yea!
"it's been a couple of good days   may not sound like much to some, but sometimes you have to appreciate the little things "
found out i work xmas <propfemale>  people hate telemarketers on any day  let's see how  many we tick off on that day 
no cards  no letters  no gifts  nothing from my boys  why do people like this holiday?
just talked with my boys  that's all i wanted for chritmas   smile 
the service we render unto others is the rent we pay for our room on earth  hope everyone had a great christmas!
"here it comes; last day of the year  and yep, i'm working  but it's fine  look out come night time!"
"sitting outside, built a fire  everythings good  then something blows up! stuff flying everywhere  right hand is badly burnt  what the hell happened?"
"what a start to the new year! burnt my hand, was sick yesterday, and paid my bills with nothing left over for food  but i'm still smiling!"
"watching 'lock up'  they said inmates on death row have a higher suicide rate and have to be watched  sorry if this sounds cold, but does it really matter?"
"seen the comercial for senior care? states if you're between 0 and 85  can anyone who's 0 really call?  there's another that asks, if you or a loved one has died  if you died, call us? lol"
watching <propmale> cosby on <propfirst> letterman  73 years old and still hilarious!
1 smile 0 in the morning  can't sleep  thinking about my boys  anyone else awake?
"watching <propfirst> springer  only to know as bad as life seems, it's not that bad   smile "
normally i don't nimd walking the 4 1 2 <propmale> to and from work  but it's cold out here tonight!
another bs check  do i pay on this phone so i can keep in touch with my boys or do i buy food?
back in touch with the world  for awhile anyway 
i'm sure most of the u p  is going nuts  freaking packers! hate them!
