472fa335913b1f27f4bb2e83b14ab185
grrrrr     i have a headache again!
damn just got back from the gym and im im out
well off to work for a few hours and im hella sore from last night dang and i play drums today
getting read to heead out to the valley go visit my step sister
so just got back from the valley visiting my step sister saw all my niece and nephews their getting big and im getting old
im so freakin bored ugh!!!!
had a boring tiring day ugh!! time to clean my room an sleep
hey good morning
getting ready for tonight im a lil nervous but its cool
"just woke up and im tired but its too hot to sleep ugh    todays my last day to <propfemale> out with my <propfirst> and bre, cuz they leave tomorrow morning  sad  sucks! but thats life i'll miss you <propfirst> thanks for the great times and it was nice meeting you in person bre h"
"well now they're gone  sad  <propfirst>'ll be back in about 4 1 2 months hopefully it goes by fast cuz i'm already missing her    its cool i'll talk to her on skype when she gets back to school lol so yea  bre it was nice meeting you in person it was fun, <propfirst> i had "
damn i'm tired only got like 3 hours of sleep last night but i cant sleep its too hot!!! ugh oh well
is so exhausted and needs to catch up with sleep
"thought of the day   \a goal without a plan is just a wish!\""  -<propfemale>'s sister in law"""
"so tonight was rough first my seat broke on my way to practice on my bike so that hurts, then my phone ear speaker wont work any more so to talk i have to use it on speaker, and to top it off after practice my tire went flat so i had to call my mother to pick me up, ugh!!!!! wat a night!"
and im hungry and there's nothing to eat!!! anything else?
damn that was a good show a saw a lot i love my roof at night i got a lot of thinking up there done to i needed this
im knocking out latez
"off to my business meeting, god be with me   "
cant sleep and i didnt even sleep much ughhh dang it    well im off to the gym finally after breakfast i got so lazy i missed the gym though if anyone hit me up if you wanna hit 24 hour fitness wit me im going at 1130
"still not in a good mood, so much for a great b-day ugh   "
well im off camping be back sunday
so im finally home from camping    had a great time no stress no worries no nothing just great times and eating lol but now im back so lets get started with school
"well second day of class got everything i need    so time to go to the gym, and sauna here i come!!!!! chea!!!"
"omg!!!! hahahahaha this just made my day!!!!! hahahaha  so this guy came by to disconnect my cable, to see if we're getting it free, which we are, but anyways    i have a semi big dog chow-pit-gremen shepherd, so the guy said can you tie up the dog please so i can check your cable, we told him we have dish, which we do, but he said he has to check anyways  so we tied up the dog and the guy goes into the backyard   "
"he starts checking, all of a sudden the dog gets loose and and runs after the guy    hahahahahaha    the guy screams oh s*** and runs and hides  my dog jumps on him and, the guy trips and almost falls    (dang!!!)     me and my uncle grab my dog and we see the guy hiding behind my lawn mowing mechine    lmao    and he said i knew it, i knew it, i knew that thing wasn't gonna hold him     hahahahaha      at the time  "
im trying not to laugh    so the guy takes off and doesn't even check any more lol so i get to keep my cable and a great story!!!! hahahahaha
had to sleep with my nephew last night that kid did not stop moving las night omg!!    im running on no sleep wats o ever   
now my knuckles are swelling up a lil dang
ugh   
ugh!!!!! stupid boost mobile phones aahhhhh!!!! now i have to get a new phone damn!!!!! so tired of boost!!!!!
 laugh 
"long day   sigh    but it turned out great though  im out good night, have fun tomorrow tweety  wink  lol  night hun "
so this was the best sleep i've had in years!
"just woke up   ahh    good sleep, going to the gym in 40mins, then class at 1330-1600m, then go home "
"so i got my internet back    yes!    and <propfirst> you strong sweetie, cant wait to hear from you!"
alergies driving me crazy!!!!!! aahahhhhhh!!!!
well im off now long day!!!! ugh     
got a new phone!!!! hahahaha lol thanks <propfemale>!!!!!
hitting the gym at 9!!!!
"kinda long day, eyes have been hurting, had a head ache today    i need some glasses man ugh   "
"ugh    couldn't sleep last night, didn't go to sleep till 230 and then woke up at 330 didn't go to sleep till 415     rough night  well new day, wat to do, wat to do?"
just got back from a lil home made rave hahaha <propfemale> hope you like you cuarto!!!!!
"hey i need \the lion king\"" movie any one have it???"""
"so just got woken up by 3 <propfemale> alerts, one right after another   "
gonna head to wrestling practice back at pkhs    hopefully coach lets me wrestle
"last night was insane!!!! too much info in one night     i had fun though, <propfirst>'s was a lot of fun though  by mid-night i was completely lost though, but at the same time i was comprehending a lot more    idk"
argh      i have a low fever and a mean head-ache 
ugh    i need to start cleaning     dang-it stupid headache! stupid wind mean i cant ride my bike!!! i need the gym!
dang-it! and now we don't have practice    ugh   
damn! had the weirdest dreams man      i feel like i didn't sleep at all  ugh   
yes!!! my phone is fixed!!!! i can get pics again!!! <propfirst> love the pic! isho cute
so far this day is starting off great! lets see how the day goes on  (41 more days!!!!!)
39 more days!!!!!!!!! im sooo excited!!!! i miss you <propfirst>!
so i just got a surprise today! this should be fun!!! hahaha  i miss you <propfirst>!! 31 more days!!!  laugh 
"yea!!! ready for tomorrow!!!! silent game night at avc, and then vijilia at lake la (all nighter baby!) drummin!! long day and night  no sleep until sat night  dinner with \la suegra\"" for her b-day  looking forward to this weekend!"""
so i just came home from class and i got the second highest score on my final presentation in all of his classes!!! yea!!! suckas!!!!
"<propfirst>- hi  this is putt-putt, he's my monster truck  he blows bubbles   laugh  \toyota corolla '95\"""""
alright done playing with my new toy now of to sleep cuz i got and early start tommorrow     night!
well back to my everyday stuff     lets start the countdown again  about 60 more days to go! thanks again for my lil vacation hun 
"damn! deep cleaned my room, rearranged everything, ugh!!! i hate it damn allergies  but i still miss my little cutie   "
"without god our week would be: sinday, mournday, tearsday, wasteday,thirstday, fightday, and shatterday   seven days without god makes one weak  ( if you are not ashamed of god,post this to your status )"
~sigh~ just finished painting    we'll see wat it looks like tomorrow    ~sigh~
uhg    grrr   sigh     
whoa!!! i hit my head now it hurts     dang it!
i just realized that im not meant to have a good sleep     ugh    
"love is patient; love is kind; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude  it does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing, but rejoices in the truth  it bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things  1 corinthians 13: 4-7"
ugh    it wont download!!!! ugh     stupid!
"happy <propfirst>'s day to everyone! remember it not about those in a relationship, but those who have a great friendship! have fun don't take for granted that friendship you have  true friends last forever!"
26 more days!!!!!
wat a way to end my night! stupid people!
every decision is followed by an action and after every action is a reaction  a lot of times we make decisions without thinking it through  what we don't understand is that our actions following that decision doesn't always effect us but everyone around us  whether its a good effect or a bad effect its still a reaction  it's up to us what its gonna be 
ugh      im tired and i want to sleep  and i miss my cutie! dang it i need a hug    
yes!!!! babysitting my baby niece!!! yay!!!
14  maybe 13 more days until i can hold you!!!
im not liking today already     
this class is ridiculously boring!!! dang it!!!
"5 more days for her, and 7 for me!!!  laugh "
ahhhh!! someone just told me i have no butt!!! im only thighs and back     lol!
drool has the magic touch!!!
pray for me you guys i really need this job! thank you 
<propfemale> tired     just finished cleaning and getting thing ready for <propfirst> and bre  i need a nap    
this lady said i needed to update my status so there   
off to my friend's grandmother's viewing     rip <propfemale>    
damn i bombed the quiz   
dang it! now i can't go back to sleep!
missing someone    
this day started off great!
eta 77 days  smile 
this feeling is so amazing!!!! wow! im really excited!
ugh    here i come bus   
ugh    i have such a headache right now    the bus isn't helping either cuz now i feel like throwing up 
ahhh!!! my baby's gonna get my drum stick signed by <propfemale> ledger!!!! dont i have the best gf ever!!!! i cant wait!!!
mmmm    sizzler     smile 
hope every mother had a great day yesterday!!!!
47 more days!
about to give my self a hair cut with my beard trimmer  lol  lets see wat happens 
"50f outside with 22mph wind  and i decide to eat ice cream while walking to the bus     not my best idea, but you can't let this had cream go to waste "
<propfirst> hood's a good movie!
need about $500 by july 12     dangit     getting smart is e playful ensive!
"yo my mother's makin pupusas!! the best food ever! anyone want to buy some??? $1 50 each, you know who to call "
sigh     smile  going swimming  about time 
i miss my most wonderful and amazing girl  32 days left!  laugh 
aww    my baby bird is dying   
my cuz graduated today! yea! congrates primo!
30 days left!
missing you     smile 
24 more days!  smile 
ugh     on my way to the doctors     lets see wats wrong with me 
going to 6 flags today!! whoo! haha
i feel so old! surrounded by 13 year olds   
15 more days!!!!! i cant wait!!!
my sister graduated!!! class of 2010!
4 more days!!
"despicable me     by far the best, funniest, animated movie everrrr!!!! ahhh!!! its so fluffy!!! wuh      ?"
let there be rain! whoo! and thunder and lightning! thank you god!
so tonight i'm gonna melt    my fan broke    that was my life support at night  ugh   
woot woot! i'm getting a new phone!  laugh 
ah thank you god! first i get a free drum set then i got zildjian hihats for $40 instead of 50 then i got a free head for my snare drum best early bday presents
car wash today on 70th e and pearblossom  come by and get your car washed 
so my mistake car wash is at 77th e and pearblossom 
i'm back!   speechless   
"plasma tv, lg 50\ brand new still in the box  who wants it? its for sale $1000  send me a message or text me """
the count down is on! 129 more days to go! whoo!
"is anyone selling books???\i need annoyed bus 101- contemporary business (ll) w understanding financi\\asl 3(dfst201)- signing naturally level 2 st wkbk (w cd)\\eng 099- 50 essays\             rules for writers 2009 mla update "
i think my future mother in law is a little strange    who agrees?
"watching so you think you can dance \ooh thats cool\""-julie \",472fa335913b1f27f4bb2e83b14ab185,"new phrase- \cool as a cucumber \"" its so hip!"""
ugh    i want to watch the e playful endabler!
great way to end my b-day  thank you everyone!
"whoo! got a 4- on my blue book essay, and a 3+ on my first rough draft essay  yes!"
yes! getting my mohawk again!  laugh 
its just one of those days   
100 more days till i get to see my beautiful <propfemale>!  smile 
i'm watching the most manlyest movie ever! run away bride
"sorry going through some drama    so if i don't write back, you were it!"
has posted a picture of you         
"hey if anyone's in the apl building lab, can you check me out? i forgot to check out   "
"yanim: will you marry me?\\me:    no  sorry i'm taken "
is anyone at lab? i forgot to check out again      sad 
does anyone know where i can rent or borrow a 200mm lens for a nikon d3000?
i don't compare my <propfirst> to other girls  i compare other girls to my <propfirst> 
"hey <propmale>, you left your facebook on, on the computer lab \\<propfirst> myers"
does anyone want to take me to north <propfemale>???
so i found out that coffee doesn't like me    one minute im sitting in class signing and the next my coffee blows up all over my face!!! how did it happe
n??? i have no idea! stupid coffee!
"does anyone want to buy me a 17\ macbook pro? i would really appreciate it """
"so apart from afroman, there's now a new talent from palmdale  shoot he's even from <propmale> knight high school! nba <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst>, '08 grad  ha! wow  "
yes class is canceled!  smile  going home on the bus     sad 
had a great time with yanim at the fa3 building! shes so funny! lol
wow    just relized im wearing two different pairs of shoes    and i already left my house so cant go back on    dang it    
8 75 hours left!!
she said yes!!!!
getting a facial!!! it burns!!! 80
on my way to my first horse riding lesson  =}
its my mamma's b-day!!!!!
congrates it a boy <propfirst>!
ha i finally finished a book for a class!! whoo!!! i feel like a cool kid! lol 
i hate english!! well thats out of my system 
cool class ended super early! whoo! now the bus    ugh 
"there are many thing we dont understand in this world  whether its an event, people, or life its self  as a human nature we try to find an answer  but wa"
"t if there is no answer, or maybe thats the answer it self   "
"anytime i get a body part taken away, i need to rest   - <propfemale>"
yes! class ended early today!
"respect, trust, communication- key to any relationship and friendship "
"little prayer\little power\great prayer\great power\its up to you to make the choice "
"up so early just for school    oh yea, living the college life! lol "
"one day you'll see, one day i'll see, some day we'll all see what this all is meant to be "
ugh    anyone want to help me with my english paper   ?
how dumb are you if you rear end a bus? ugh   
"dear-____\3 hate you stinking guts\you make me vomit\youre the scum between my toes \love <propmale>"
so i just found out im in the same class room for my business class that i had my english class this last month  im bored of this class already same chair too!
up this early just to crash a class? ?   ugh    fine  i hope i get in though   
is anyone selling a good laptop???
ahhh     i need to do my chem hw     ehh later  time for zombieland 
sitting in a garage doesnt make you a car  so sitting in church doesnt make you a christian!
aww    my brother just bought me <propfirst> in the box   smile 
"a friend once asked me: \when did you know you were in love?\""\",472fa335913b1f27f4bb2e83b14ab185,ugh   chem test today      annoyed 
yes!! got my business cards! lex photographics is on for business!!!
i feel like a weirdo    im in lab watching everybody loves <propfirst> with headphones and i keep laughing out loud!! people keep staring     annoyed  im a weirdo!! hahaha
im looking for a little 4 cilinder car for abou $500  preferably stick 
i need to stop thinking so much  ugh   i need to get beat up  anyone interested?  smile 
"i think of you i just cant talk to you right now, i miss you i just cant admit it right now, i need you i just cant show you right now, i love you i just cant tell you right now "
craving a calzone from ameci's!!  smile 
don't wait for extraordinary opportunities  seize common occasions and make them great  --orison swett marden
it is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all 
love is just a word  what matters it the connection the word implies      what would you give for that connection?
do it! move it! make it happen! no one ever sat their way to success 
"do today what others won't, so you can live tomorrow how others can't  --<propmale> <propfirst>"
"if i gave you my hand, would you hold it?\if you looked in my eyes, would you see me?\if i gave you my heart, would you guard it?\and if i gave you my love, would you keep it?"
im thinkin a 5 or 6am run in the rain  any takers?
another 3 hour nap    i thought at one point my body is supposed to just shut down   ?
graduating june 3rd 2011!!
time to take pretty pictures of my sister!  laugh 
"all my posessions, my hopes, my dreams, my plans, and who i am, everything  i'd give it all up if i could only have it back   "
"a man can have everything he ever wanted but if he doesnt have the things he really needs in life, he will always be just a misrable man who cant find happiness    "
craving an ameci's calzon!!!
does anyone have a scantron i can have right now  ? i forgot again     laugh 
my dad- try god  if you dont like him the devil will always take you back  suckers!!!!
its friday!! wat to do?? hmm    oh yea   clean    home work    wash clothes    dang it 
check out my company lex photographics!! let me know wat you think!!
"\in the end its belief that gets us there\""- dragonfly"""
hanging out with <propfemale> at starbucks right now!!!  laugh 
"tell me you love me or tell me you hate me \just dont play that youre my friend \and then turn your back on me  \you know where i stand, you where i'll be, \you know that no matter what \i'll always be there when you need me to be \so please dont lie, and just be honest,\and our friendship will last through any hardship \love \your friend \eick <propfirst> godoy "
hey can someone get me  enough hair bleach to make my mohawk white?
