29a81b5eebf2d11cbb4c4c57b45a060d
md  why i can view my room assignment anymore  
great year starts here!
orange! orange! orange! oi! oi! oi!
happy birthday to yue!
magnetic monopole has been found!!!!
i got swine flu   
canon eos 50d    i gonna start my photography journey right here 
end of the semester  crazy studying!
"i'm in caldwell, idaho!"
finals are over 
love my schedule 
bought n900  it rocks!
start liking reading   
wish everyone happy new year!
play heroes of newerth
hw   robot   exam   i prefer robot   
work   
guitar finally is here 
got summer research! so excited!  smile 
realizes the importance of torque after today's project 
finds a great website for learning guitar songs   smile 
learned you're beautiful by <propfirst> blunt
house party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!let's rock!!!!!
did anyone take pols 170 (international politics)? i'm thinking about take it 
bucknell world cup 2010 this sat  11-2pm!!!!!
all-night doing research paper  2400 12=200 words hr  fair 
4am - 5 pages to go 
omg  sennheiser mm450 is fabulous!
"let's go, paper!"
"paper, drawing, diff eqns final, elec 120 final, physics final  one at a time "
"have fun in chrysalis, my friends!"
finally back!
finally bought iphone 4 over the phone with an iphone representative    so many phones   
changed his phone #
win7 on <propmale>  works great so far!
moved to mcdonnell  felt the start of the school  not fun 
"does anyone have engr 240, csci 203 books want to sell?"
first day  better as a sophomore 
is in <propfirst> phi!
<propfirst> phi! <propfirst> phi! <propfirst> phi!
"hw,job,hw,job,hw,party!!!!!!!!!!!"
something went wrong 
too much staff need to do   
"why does us want <propfemale> to appreciate its currency exchange rate? paper, paper+paper "
is doing 5 pages paper  (-_-)nz
haha!! can't wait for home! laugh at calendar  3 weeks are not that long 
"rent a house, have a dog, buy a car, go to class once a day -- that's my plan for senior year "
"too hard, too hard  preference != equality "
8 pages paper due monday 
wear your international attire! it's international attire day tomorrow!!!
away from black friday  fresh coffee is great!
drank too much coffee   
is doing a 5 pages paper
"hardcore programmed for 2 5 hours  now, back to 5-page paper    hate papers    rather doing programming   "
5 pages  come on  it's only 5 pages   
i had my first two all nighters ever in one week 
another 5 pages paper & presentation  the end is never gonna be easy 
my bodyclock is delayed for 6 hours   
okey  5 pages paper tonight  no more excuses 
two more finals  get it done!
"one down, one more to go "
now  break starts!
so ready for home  <propfemale> christmas and happy new year to all my friends!
back on campus 
coldest weather i have e playful erienced renewed 
????????????????a??happy new year!
can anyone set fire at any better time than tonight?
getting drunk is never a good thing for next morning 
let's apply for ioa! application is due soon!
let it be 
on the way of 5-year program  stuck in bucknell for one more year   
first all nighter of this semester  well done 
?   
"i need a rest  seriously, i really do   "
??????????????
i'll wait 
let's go team!
needs to do his work 
"next time, i'll be quiet, and listen to every single word you say "
best dream ever  hope i didn't wake up 
should have gone out early for pictures 
                   
is planning 
push yourself a little harder and you will accomplish more than you thought 
next week  no more fb 
done my mission  time to pull back 
what could be more exciting than this week?
rain after snow   
wants to go to bed early!
