146ef10ebf27e7f8a758a263356c51ae
to keep this going     leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting smile  please keep it going  it is fun 
rejoice in the creative spirit that lives in you use it consciously to create the life and the world you want --john <propmale>
glad to finally be home after a very long but productive day at the red cross 
headed back to the office this morning   perhaps today will be the day i finally get caught up   hope springs eternal!
"i've been working on getting a new webpage up and running   took me a while to get online, but finally got it right!  if you have a moment, check it out http annoyed  budurl com enjoymoresuccess"
my dear friend <propfemale> <propmale> henderson is wanting to go to the <propfirst> awards   she is an actor young mother of 3 in orlando st cloud fl and also works in the local theatre   please listen to her vocal submission and vote!  it would mean the world to her and to me!   http annoyed  budurl com jenvid
"for my dad on father's day  roses grow in heaven, lord pick a bunch for me  place them in my father's arms and tell him they're from me  tell him that i love and miss him  when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for awhile, because remembering him is easy, i do it every day  there's an ache    in my heart that will never go away  if your dad is in heaven, copy and paste "
"\one place we could always be assured of hugs was on papa's lap   it was a <propmale> area where we could find security and peace to be found nowhere else \"" ~leo buscaglia"""
spent the afternoon and evening at <propmale> mountain national park   i feel so blessed to live in colorado   i never get tired of how beautiful it is here   i hope i never take it for granted 
"you and i wake up in jail together \using only four words, what would you say to me? (note: if you\comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status -- fair is fair\-- play along!) ~~now it is your turn <propfemale>!"
"making potato & corn chowder from scratch with home made cornbread  perfect for a cold, snowy day!"
"my heart goes out to all the people that have been affected by the devastating japan earthquake and tsunami   i just texted redcross to 90999 to donate $10 to support disaster relief to that area   i urge you to do the same   it feels good to know that while we are busy helping here at home, we can still lend a hand on the other side of the world as well!"
"when we stop inventing lies and start inventing the truth of who we are, conscience transforms into inspiration and we create miracles!"
it has been a very long week  i think i'll go home now  have a great weekend everyone!
