eff873e073c01cf73a1c0a70d89d371a
i'm going to be a grandma
fuckin awsome! i luv it when it storms!
"cant wait to get off  work, im ready for a nap"
well im into my 4th day without smoking and havent killed anybody yet!
"aw, you are blessed to have such a great guy  happy anniversary"
holy hell! thank goddess its my friday  i made it through 5 days without smoking then broke down bout 10 last night and smoked 1 after taking some guys from work to a country music concert  i absolutely hate country music!
i am amazed  by my first born! he has grown into a wonderful young man  i know with all my heart that he is going to be a great father and husband 
"its bout beer thirty! its fucking hot today, nothin an ice cold beer cant fix!"
cant wait til sept 22nd! texas here we come!
forget bout rockstar uproar! one of my favorite people is gonna be back and im not gonna miss out on one second of time to spend with him! im so excited 
thank goddess for my hillbilly! he fixed my air on my car! wouldnt trade his crazy old ass for anything 
omg! im ready for 11 so i can drink a damn beer!
"ahhhhhhh  i am gettin a pedicure, it is sooo relaxing  having an awsome time with my boys  we ate at shogun they absolutely loved watchin our chef in action "
come on 11 surprise 0! my ass is starting to drag big time!
waking up at 1 smile 0am to get to work @ 3:15 sucks ass!
come on 3 surprise 0! an ice cold beer sounds wonderful 
omfg! i am so ready for it to be 3 surprise 0 tomorrow! i am actually taking both of my days off for a change  rollie turns13 tomorrow  my how time flies 
finally made it through work  now its time to head to the pink flamingo for a hair cut and then stop and get a pedicure  i love getting to have a little me time
"it is official, i totally suck at bowling! i had a great time with good friends "
just wanna get in my car hit the hiway and get lost 
got off work early! chillin with my feet up drinkin an ice cold beer  life is good(at least for a second or two)! lol
"dammit, woke up thinking i overslept and now i can't get back to sleep  fml !"
well when 202 closes next month i am going to 402   my days off will change to fridays and saturdays 
i love my costume! it doesn't cost me a dime to be a bitch!
heading to work til 11 then gonna go watch a movie at huffman's!
"\i wanna fuck a bible\"" fml that's some funny shit right there! the things some people say tickles the shit right outta me! lmfao"""
nothing like a serious case of road rage to get blood flowing! 35 mph in a 60 mph zone!
damn snow! its <propfemale> ruin my plans tonight! no bar hoppin for me after work 
bored outta my mind!
"dammit i think i'm coming down with something! i have shitty luck, <propmale> is on his way home and i can't be getting sick  grrrrr"
looking foreword to seeing my precious lil man today! can't wait!
thank goddess its my friday!
when i get off of work tonight i'm gonna go lock myself in my house turn on some tunes and make the world go away for awhile!
visiting my precious lil man  he is so adorable! i just wish he would wake up 
another wonderful day in paradise! not! ! !
fuck my life! i need a vacation from it 
some people so stupid that it amazes me that they are smart enuff to know how to breathe
goin to the <propfemale> concert wit my grandbaby's mama!
sick puppies is up next!
303 is pretty good
<propfemale> is pretty awesome!
that was definitely worth going to! i'm glad we went!
my baby is 11 today! my how time flies  happy birthday <propmale>!
day two of cloudy sky's and day two of laying in bed 
am so happy to have my <propmale> back! i missed you mr zaptin 
fuck today!
overtime! hell yeah!
"has such a bad headache, my eyes wont quit watering "
overtime! now i can make up for time off yesterday 
fyi dont have a broken nose and a cold at the same time! it sux!
"had a great time last night celebrating <propfemale>, <propfemale>, & <propfirst>'s birthdays!"
can't wait til rockfest! its my annual hangout weekend with <propfirst>!
well took rollie country cruising for bout an hour  he did pretty good  i didn't have to yell at him at all!
hell yeah! my friday is here!
