44bdb4422e790903ff6eed1f0ec25d0b
"bored, as usual   "
what was i thinking when i joined? i haven't even had this account for two hours and this site gave me headache or is it the babysitting or lack of caffiene abuse
"sending kids to bed; bad, even if it was the mother's order  not fun and i think the oldest hates me "
"me: \what part of time out don't you understand?\""\",44bdb4422e790903ff6eed1f0ec25d0b,"kids, the ultimate birth control  babysitting, the most effective way to get it "
"ah, the power of imagination, how wonderful - when children use it it's an instant headache "
"i got anywhere from 2 hours to 2 minutes of sleep  exauhsted and not happy, torture- whoops, i mean school- started again  senior year, oh joy! not happy, at all "
"why is it when i have no need for a library but a way to waste time, it's open, but when i actually need it, it's closed for what appears to be no reason, thus keeping me away from <propfirst> <propmale> books? i need something to do?!"
spleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! iz really bored!
"great dayu! fabulous! my mythology teacher gave us pomegranite and then in eighth period, my cultural anthropology teacher gave us <propfemale>! i  love  pomegranite! i  love  m&m's!"
"i've realized something  everyone tends to try to be unique in the same way others do and thereby making no one truly unique which is what causes cliques to form, because some don't unwittingly conform the same way  but then there are those that just conform "
gyaaaaaaaaa! i have caramelldasen stuck in my head! i am annoyed with youtube 
i like it hanging on the bed post 
"i iz tired of u-e's bullshit! you have to pay $2 to wear a costume if you get this stupid band thing before tomorrow and <propfirst> and i could not find where they are sold so it'll cost us $4  meanwhile, i spent like $40 on my costume- which it's my first time spending more than $10 on one  also, there will be issues if neither of us find where they're being sold and show up in our costumes "
oh the amazingness that is caffeine failed me at lunch - i am still dead tired  me no happy 
"my sister threatened to knock me out with a knife and my only thought was \is that even possible\"""""
 love 
"meow meow meow meow meow, meow meow, meow mew!  love "
"to all those stupid girls out there who are too squeemish to go in the school's pool, shut up, suck it up, jump in and get it over with  it's better for you than purposely tanning "
"oh joy, have to find a way to get an <propmale> project home safely and it's raining and <propfemale>  did i mention said project is on a loom? joy "
i'm babysitting a stranger's child friday!!!!!!!! woot! my first job! splee!
"does anyone know when the nightmare before christmas will be on? i need to watch it  mom, if you read this, that would be a great christmas present \\i want pocky!"
first cold in years  i forgot how much it sucks to have your nose running 
i need to find an activity to do with the girl i'm baby-sitting by friday  any ideas?
"been up over 24 hours, not happy  i couldn't get to sleep last night - i layed in bed from 9 pm to 3 smile 0 am with my eyes closed trying to get to sleep "
"why do people insist on hurting my friends? to all the jerks out there, think before acting "
<propmale> miller is baaaaaack!!!!!!!!!!!!
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's no fun   smile "
squeedilyspooch
it hurts when i poke myself below my knee  i guess that's what i get for falling on my way home from school  oh the joys of being a clutz 
gah! i just admitted to being short!
pocky is the official currency in my home 
"nearly slipped on my way to school, yet again  getting really mad "
"got my laptop, bran-new! first thing i did when i went to turn it on    tried to open it from the wrong side "
"only a fool fears great failure, it is the little things that break a man down "
sick and hating it   
i think i pulled a muscle coughing 
getting yelled at for being responsible 
