984f808d71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1
it's 2011!!!  laugh   i have the best friends in the world!
the rain is coming!  laugh 
listening to mahler's 9th  smile 
feeling much better  laugh 
goodnight all  smile 
buonanotte a tutti  smile 
gonna go for a run  be back later  smile 
"\it requires wisdom to understand wisdom; the music is nothing if the audience is deaf \"" - <propfirst> lippmann"""
i am photoshopped out!! my eyes are beginning to see things! lol  playful 
rain dance!! lol  laugh 
listening to vangelis' mythodea!  laugh 
watching the original <propfirst> crown affair with steeve mcqueen!  laugh 
boo! more rain   :  
welcome to mindhead
strauss's <propmale> <propfirst> performed by the new york philharmonic starting on pbs for those willing to lend an ear 
"birth till death, we travel between the eternities  "
big bang theory!!  laugh 
pizza hut!  laugh 
"let's see, what's for dinner   ramen again? okay    wink "
supper time!  wink 
never use money to measure will
loving this weather  smile 
"with any luck, this weather will stick around for a while   smile "
"lets see who ispaying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as aresult of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only gladto count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friendslist actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status       i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family &friendship  thank you for being part of my life"
putting together an oldies playlist  any suggestions?
big bang theory time!!  laugh 
life is beautiful   goodnight all  laugh 
goodnight to all and to all a goodnight  smile 
how did we meet? (copy and paste this to see who remembers) 
"to non pet ownerswho visit our homes and complain about our pets  1)they live here   you don't  2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay offthe furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3)i love my petmore then i like some people  4)to you    they are animals, to    me         they are my young'uns, who are hairy, walk on allfours & don't talkback! re-post if you love your pet!"
back at home  feels good to be back  smile 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of     5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  smile )
the creative juices are flowing!  things are back on track  wink 
"i have no idea what you're saying, but i like that it has the word we in it   lol"
"a true friend doesn't care when ur broke, what ur weight is, if your house is a mess, about ur past, or if ur family is filled with a bunch of crazies! they love you for who you are  they can go long periods of time w o talking to u & never question the friendship  they would drop anything & everything when you need them  repost this if you have at least one true friend  they'll know who they are!"
"live from new york, it's saturday night!!"
stomach aches suck!  annoyed 
nature laughs last
it's awfully difficult to play the piano on horseback  playful 
just got a buzz  now i'm kicking it at home watching free <propmale>  wink 
watching <propmale> and joon  wink 
granola bars make the world a better place lol
"me: i didn't say no, i said um  lol  playful "
"everyone stop! look to your right  whatever object you see there is your designated weapon in the upcoming zombie apocalypse! comment on this post to tell  me what it is, then repost to spread the zombie virus  smile "
watching bullitt
watching snl and jammin' on the guitar  wink 
i'm in it to win it  nothing is gonna drag me down   wink 
the women of snl! these women are hilarious lol  laugh 
"just picked up my <propfirst> soap, i believe i'm ready to start painting  wink "
bones!  laugh 
this rubik's cube just got owned!!
go spurs go!!  laugh 
"wish i could watch conan   too bad he's on cable now, but i'm glad he's back on tv, good for him   smile "
"i've officially renamed the \rubik's cube \""  it will now be known as \""the cube of rubik \""  it just has more of an epic flare to it  lol  it also sounds like it could be part of the title of an indiana jones movie   indiana jones and the cube of rubik   lol  playful  \",984f80 laugh 71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1,"\i'm a wonderer \"""""
can't wait until thanksgiving and time with the family!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving everybody!  smile 
"well, we finished watching the godfather trilogy, now it's time for some call of duty   not a big gamer, but it is time with the family   smile "
"just got back from my christmas shopping, boy is it good to be home   wink "
perfect outdoor portrait weather   anybody want pictures taken? lol
listening to the braveheart soundtrack!  smile 
going to try going to bed a little earlier today   goodnight ladies and gents 
had an awesome night   goodnight ladies and gents 
happy new years!  have fun and stay safe!  laugh 
damn technology's flaws! lol
"r i p  <propmale> postlethwaite - his acting was on the level of genius, great loss "
got to see one of my best friends!!!  that made my day    laugh 
"let's see how creative my fb friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of **your first** name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word not copy, that's no fun!  "
why do i have to be such an idiot sometimes  
"raked the front yard today, 9 bags full! lol"
gots to love some homemade fideo!!  laugh 
watching <propfemale> trek  smile 
mmm pancakes for supper  laugh 
glad christian bale finally got recognized at the <propfemale> globes
"\what we do for ourselves dies with us  what we do for others and the world remains and is immortal \"" \",984f80 laugh 71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1,watching a flick called the duchess with my mom and aunt 
i believe i'm going to have breakfast for supper  yumsies  wink 
"i love when <propfemale> fey does that \julia roberts laugh\"" on those 30 rock promos   lol"""
"- \what kind of idiots do you have working here?!\""\",984f80 laugh 71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1,"this year we'll e playful erience 4 unusal dates  1 1 11; 1 11 11; 11 1 11; 11 11 11    now figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born, plus the age you will be this year    it will add up to 111"
finally watching talladega nights: the ballad of <propmale> <propfirst>   for the first time!
"\what does diablo mean?\""\",984f80 laugh 71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1,watching batman: mask of the phantasm  one of the most under-rated movies of the 90s  animated doesn't mean it's just for kids!!!
the damn neighbors think we all want to listen to rap through the night!!!  must make my voice heard!
"woke up to a chorus of howling dogs  it sounded like \all dogs go to heaven\"" outside   lol"""
"the cape!!  same cape channel, same cape time!!! lol  laugh "
<propmale>'s law was awesome! i hope this show sticks around!!  laugh 
it's so awesome outside today!  laugh 
"\the future is not a gift: it is an achievement  every generation helps make its own future  this is the essential challenge of the present \""\",984f80 laugh 71585c3227ab1545a0da68e1,"here's how i feel about elementary statistics: the word elementary comforts me, yet the word statistics frightens me to no end   lol"
watching seinfeld   smile 
"i've never been happier, i've never fully understood the phrase, \it feels too good to be true\"" until now  i seriously am in awe  """
listening to rush while i work out! it's gonna be an awesome day    laugh 
"if it snows, awesome, but i gotta say this cold weather just ain't cutting it!"
watching the empire strikes back
i want to thank her for the good times and for the privilege of getting to know her in that light  thanks for all the smiles we shared 
"who lives in a pineapple under the sea?! come on, you know it! lol"
watching superman: the movie  smile 
i'm craving some banana pudding  smile 
had a talk with my mom  feeling much better about things  i love you mom  smile 
"just saw the rite, very well done film  hopkins at his best!"
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is part of life   getting back up is living         re-post if you agree, i just did"
awesome weather lately  i'm so glad the cold temps are in the rearview 
"gonna play scrabble with my mom, <propfemale>, and grandma  smile "
got to see one of my best friends!  laugh 
goodnight everybody 
\if you fall i'll catch,\2ae9fcbf5e57aeb16d4d3ad38996af2b,i hate poison oak =e
