33113e4205a3df0742e53b16ee387963
happy birthday mommy!!!!!! i love you with all my heart and soul 
"i dnt care what people think of me, because in the end im gonna be on top with you kissing my ass asking me what your next move should be "
god works in the most mysterious ways  i asked god to show me the way to happiness and he put me on a long journey to self discovery with a few bumps in the road but once i get pass all those bumps i will be on my way to true happiness 
i just love myself sum me!!!
"im feelin myself rite now so hard, bcuz u cant take my shine or stop me rise 2 the top "
"im feelin myself rite now so hard, bcuz u cant take my shine or stop my rise 2 the top "
i wish men stop lying and say whats on their mind and stop playin around with people's emotions 
2nite wuz a nite ill never 4get!!!
"im happy bcuz, im winning a war without fighting this person has no idea that they're doing exactly what im want them 2 do "
"im happy bcuz, im winning war without fighting, this person has no idea what i have in store 4 them once this is all over "
"new year, new beginnings, new me, bcuz im tired of the bullshit!!!"
"god please help me, i dnt knw what to do anymore!!! be told one thing over the phone and see something completely different face 2 face "
"grandaddy, u didnt make it 2 see the end of 2010 but im still celebrating like u are here with me and i wish u a very happy new year!!!!!!!"
u ain't never seen fire like the one i'm gone cause!!!
u ain't never seen a fire like the one i'm gone cause!!! gone destroy any and everything that gets in my way!!!
im tired    i need a fuckin drink!!! asap!!!
"today is the tomorrow, we dreamed of yesterday  class of 2009 where yall at, holla at me!!!"
i have finally learned that i have stop living 2 please my family and start living 2 please myself bcuz at the end of the day my opinion of myself is the only one that matters 
"failure is not an option 4 me, bcuz i believe my faith, hardwork, dedication, and determination will perservere in the end "
"damn, i need sumthin 2 do    anyone got sum suggestions?"
happy easter 2 everyone!!!
i am loving the way my life is going rite now!!!
"im wondering is this boy blind, in denial, or he jus plain stupid 2 not see whats right in front of his face, staring him dead in his eyes "
"i wish all the messy ass people in woodville, would mind their own business and get them a damn life and stop worryin about <propfemale> reshawne <propfemale>, bcuz i aint givin 2 flyin fucks about whether ur dead or alive "
y must we constantly hurt the ones we love most in the world 
ur the reason i smile 
"i would like 2 wish my brother, lil boo, happy birthday!!! i love u!!! rest on and see u when i get there "
"i dnt knw how 2 be no one else but me, so stop tryin 2 change me  take me as i am or jus leave me be "
time is of the essence and its much to precious 2 waste on pity things and people 
my heart is his home 
y sum men cant see whats rite in front of them   instead of a real <propfemale> they want a fake ass rhinestone 
y do men play so many damn games? hell i thought we left the damn games back in high school  damn i thought wrong 
"thank, god 4 the young man he sent 2 me  he is the most honest, loyal, trustworthy, and patient young man i have ever met  and we he cums around that frown yall normally see, is turned upside down  he makes me so happy!!!"
fuck bein faithful!!!! bcuz i have learned that all niggas are nothin but dogs!!! theyre only good 4 1 thing and half of them cant even do that 
"2 all the hoes and niggas that thought i wuz gon 4ever, guess what bitches, im back!!! and im back stronger and smarter then ever!!!"
"i am so enjoyin my life rite now  no stress, no worries, and no more drama  damn i am really happy now  life cant get any better then this  damn, all  smile 's!!!"
hopefully i will be at alcorn state university 2morrow morning 
i  just want 2 run away 4rm woodville and 4get it ever exsisted and my life here never happened  damn where did i go wrong?
real friends are so damn hard 2 find  y cant they jus be true and have ur back in not go behind it  damn is that 2 much 2 ask 4 
"lord sumone please help me, bcuz i keep getting these sharp pains in my stomach  it has been happening awhile now "
is a real man 2 much 2 ask 4 
"that sneaky, caniving bitch gone get whats coming  n we gone see who gone be laughin in the end me or them "
my heart still beats 4 u 
"facebook plz pray 4 my grandaddy, bcuz things r not lookin good 4 him "
single and searching  anyone interested?
"im tired of little boys, i want a grown man who knws what he wants and doesnt change his mind every damn day "
"facebook on my way 2 the tolliver's family reunion, hope i have fun "
"jus made it back 4rm the reunion, i had so much fun with the fam!!! cant wait until the next one in 2012!!!"
"<propfemale> is such a bitch, but i love it  i told yall that bitch was gon get whats cumin 2 her and guess what in the end i was laughin my ass off!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
damn i jus love <propfemale> so much 
"i would like 2 wish my nephew, pooh, a very special happy 4th birthday!!! i love u so much, u are my heart "
people life is 2 short 4 all this bullshit yall doing 2 eachother  heres a piece of advice: grow the fuck up and stop worrying about other people and worrying about ur damn selves bcuz all this bullshit and mess dnt make any damn sense  go read a book or find a new hobby do something with ur damn self instead of keepin up mess and start minding ur own damn business 
"remember the past, live in the present, and look towards the future "
"what would u describe me as, sexy, sassy, beautiful, independent, intelligent, smart, or all the above?"
sometimes i jus want 2 run away from here and never look back 
does anyone want 2 runaway with me?
";what's my full name nickname, birthday, fav  color [s] bestfriend [s], && 1st love fav food   post this as ur status && see who really knows you   ilike to see"
learning 4rm my mistakes and moving on with my life  im so loving the woman i am becoming 
"i think its time 4 me 2 move outta of woodville, and start over, bcuz woodville is no place 4 sumone who is tryin 2 better themselves "
"often imitated, but never duplicated "
"i hate living here in woodville, with a passion  damn i aint moving away fast enough "
"got alot of things on my mind, i really need 2 talk 2 sum 1 "
all i'm askin 4 is second 2 prove myself 2 u 
i dnt want no one else but u 
god made me 4 a reason and that reason is he made me 2 be the woman 4 u 
"rip <propfirst> tolliver november 8, 1933- august 7, 2010  grandaddy, my heart is heavy but u dnt have 2 suffer anymore  he called u home 4 reason bcuz he saw that u were ready 2 cum home and sit around his thrown  when called u he said, \servent well done\""  now grandaddy gone and take ur eternal rest u deserve it 4 fighting so hard 4 so long  u r what i call a true soldier bcuz u fought until u couldnt """
"im back facebook and im done  i dnt want to hear the foolishness, mess, or about anybodys problems  im done with the bullshit and fack ass grown men and little boys who claim they men  hell men i wish sum of you would see the real women right in front of you  the ones that really love and care about yall, that only want 2 make yall happy "
"men wanna complain that they cant find a real woman, i guess not if u cant realize a real woman is staring rite in they damn face but all they want  do is run 4rm them then make up excuses of why they runnin, bcuz u afraid of real women and u rather have little girls who cant do nothin but one damn thing and its so damn sad and yall call urselves real men  well real men dnt run 4rm real women "
"men tell me why when you have a good woman you cant do rite by her and then you wanna complain you cant find a good one  i see it like this sum of u run bcuz u have been hurt by little girls and think that real women will do the same, and others are jus fucking dogs, no excuse 4 yall  4 those of that been hurt dnt give up, believe me a real woman is lookin 4 u 2 make u happy "
"4 the first time since my grandaddy died, i smiled 2day and realized that im stronger than what i give myself credit 4 "
"life, love, relationships, heartache, heartbreak, betrayal, friendship, lies, deceit, and jealousy, enough said "
im feelin so loved rite now 
"to be perfect, you must also be imperfect "
who dat said they gone beat them saints!!!!
saints won!!!!!! who dat nation stand up!!!!!!
when will the storm end 4 me and my family 
who dat said they gone beat them saints!!!!! who dat nation stand up!!!!
"how many of us really knw everybody on our facebook friends' list? i would like all my fb friends 2 comment on dis status about how <propfemale> met me  after <propfemale> comment, copy dis 2 <propfemale>r \status so i can do the same wit u  this should be interestin"
"r i p <propfirst> lafayette tolliver (uncle lafayette), its been 16 years and we are all still missing you like crazy "
"i would like 2 wish my nephew, nailian (tigger), a happy 1st birthday  i love u so much and i wish u a many more "
"im finally 20, yay me!!!"
i would like 2 thank everyone who wished me a happt birthday  ur wishes made my day all the more special  i really enjoyed and appreciated them 
i like it on the couch 
"i like it on the couch, table, and bed"
im missin him so much!!!!!!!
alcorn won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what southern got 2 say now 
where my alcornites at? yall stand up!!!!!!!!
who am i? im <propfemale> reshawne <propfemale>!!! enough said 
"i would like 2 wish my loving and beautiful mother a happy bday, i love u, momma "
ok ill play so start inboxin me
"lord i pray 4 better days, bcuz this shit rite here makes no sense  but in the end its only gone make me a stronger woman  damn bullshit and drama find everyone even the ones livin stress and drama free  damn people get a life and stop worrying about <propfemale> reshawne <propfemale> and heres bcuz believe mine aint goin no where!!!!!!"
"grandaddy, i miss u so much  life is so hard without u here  evereyday i wake up and run 2 the front e playful ecting 2 see u sittin in ur favorite chair smoking ur pipe but then reality sits in and i realize that u r no longer here and once again my heart gets heavy then i begin 2 cry  grandaddy, u will always be in my heart and i will always love u "
happy thanksgiving  saints won!!!!!!!!!! who dat nation stand up!!!!!!! whoooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
"learn 4rm the past, live in the present, and look 2wards the future "
does drama and bullshit ever take a holiday?
im wonderin is my christmas wish gon cum true?
"i miss my cousin, <propfemale> <propfemale>, so much!!!!!!!!!!"
"i been so deep in thought all day, my damn head is killin me now!!!"
"i would like 2 wish my uncle, <propfirst> l  tolliver, a very happy bday!!!!!!! may he rest in peace "
"i would like 2 wish my beautiful grandmother, <propfemale> tolliver, a very special and happy birthday!!!!! rest in peace  i love and miss u very much!!!!"
love me at my worst and u shall recieve my best!!!!!!!
"my total facebook views are: 1384\\find out your total profile views http annoyed  bit ly ctvteamviews"
"wow, these projects are really startin 2 stress me out and my hours at the daycare arent makin this any better "
"i wish my grandaddy was here 2 give me sum good ole wisdom and inspiration , bcuz i jus dnt knw what 2 do anymore "
"(in my grandaddy's voice), \work the work dnt let it work you\""!!!"""
"love is a 4-letter word and pain is a 4-letter word, but they always say u hurt the ones u love the most, so love is pain and pain is love "
above it all i thank god 4 everything he has put me through bcuz it only made me a stronger person and let me knw i can do anything with his love and grace around me 
"baby, i dnt care about ur past, i only care the present and our future 2gether"
"damn, i feelin so sexy rite now!!!!!!!!!!!"
mood: fuck the bullshit!!! save it 4 the damn birds!!!!!!!!!!!
im so damn sick n tired of men and their damn confusion!!!!! hell make up ur mind all ready!!!!!!
"i cant wait until thursday, my springbreak begins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
pineapple
may 3rd plz hurry up and get here!!!!!!!!!!
my day is startin early 2day and i have alot 2get done  so lets get 2 it  good morning facebook!!!
i get 2 relax n work on sum projects this week  sum personal and sum r 4 skool  the countdown begins 2morrow!!!
may 3rd is almost here!!! the countdown continues 
