7e342c582a920830a75080c301b107dd
"i have the house to myself    twilight zone marathon, a few glasses of wine, and a hot bath make this a perfect friday night!!"
is finally a homeowner!!
"so i was driving home and someone in front of me hit a deer, and the guy right in front of me ran it over and kicked blood, guts, and fur all over my car    i drove 20 <propmale> barely able to see out my windshield until i found a car wash   not the way i wanted to spend my night!  i am scarred forever!!  the plus side - people get out of your way quick when you are doing 85 and your car is covered in blood!"
so the dog just dragged his pillow right in front of the tv and started humping the crap out of it    i think maybe he is starved for attention??
i would wet my pants if i got pulled over by <propfirst> seagal!!!!!
can't wait to go see tso with my family this afternoon!!!
"watching independence day and getting ready for bed, big week ahead!!"
"missing marathon, fl with every inch of my heart   hoping to get back to paradise soon "
"in the span of just a few hours at my parents, copper ripped up and broke my mom's landscape lights, ate a dead rabbit, got himself stuck under the bay window so bad that my dad needed a shovel to dig him out, and peed in my sister's room, which my mom then stepped in   i officially have the worst dog ever   marley's got nothin' on my copper!!"
why am i out in the garage playing with power tools while my husband is inside watching animal planet???
"wishing i could go home and put my favorite sweatshirt on  oh wait, <propmale> let a gigantic frog go in my car yesterday and it jumped all over me so i had frog juice all down the front of me  i never knew i could get so girly and shriek like that  no joke - pictures to come later "
happy birthday <propmale> seeney! welcome little guy!!
"just called google 411 looking for \todd's (landscape) services and they interpreted it as \""escort services\""  i was then immediately connected to \""tickle your fancy models\""  i am now scarred for life and afraid to use google ever again!!!"""
"out to dinner with <propfirst> and aryn  the boys are drinking dos equis, making them the most interesting men in the world!"
so psyched to sleep in finally!!
how is it that my beagle is on a hunger strike? ever since we gave him a few bites of hamburger last night he refuses to touch his food  beagles are pigs  this is ridiculous!
"i really appreciate you letting me off with a warning today, officer, but that was way too close for comfort  next time i'm trying the \bees!!!!\"" trick from \""tommy boy\"" """
tgif!!
"if you live in the hartland area or know anyone who does, please be on the lookout for a tri-color beagle  he has a slate blue collar and tags and answers to copper  please help "
copper is back safe and sound  i am ready for today to be over   
headed downtown for the baseball game  go tigers!!
at the ball game with a cold beer in my  hand and my feet kicked up on the dugout  life is good 
"rip <propmale>, you'll be missed "
just noticed that the local cat rescue shelter is accepting birds     may i ask what for?!
congratulations to my beautiful sister <propfemale> on her graduation    now ready to tear up mt  p tonight!
heading out in the kayaks for the first time of the year    let's hope we have many more days like this!
kayaking tonight! yayyy!!!!
caught a fish!! what a great day out on the lake!!
goonies never say die!
thinks it would be super-sweet if lady gaga and <propmale> did a duet together    just a thought   
dsw truck broke down on the side of 96  anyone want in on the heist with me? lots of cute shoes to be had!!
so happy chicago won!  they deserved it   go blackhawks!
just got a brand new car! woop woop!! i feel like such a suburbanite in my little escape!
a bad day fishing is still better than a good day at the office  but what if it wasn't a good day at the office either? didn't land one damn fish even though i had tons of big bites! i give up 
i got eminem and <propfirst> z tickets!!!!!!  wooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
having a new <propmale> potter movie to look forward to makes even a bad day a little brighter  smile   love the new trailer but it all looked like scenes from the second half of the book!  please don't let the first be a let-down!
would rather be upside down in my kayak than right side up at my desk right now!!
"is having the best birthday ever!! i have such a wonderful husband, family, and friends     thanks guys! i love today,,,,"
go <propfemale>!!
"time circuits on, flux capacitor fluxing, engine running      all right!!"
"i think i finally truly understand the meaning of \shit show\""   """
heading out fishing  great night!
"if you have a wonderfu man, who works hard to take care of you, would do anythingfor you, who makes you laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with you, will always pick you up when you're down, who is your world and someone that you're thankful for, then post this to your status and give the good men the recognition they deserve, because great men are few and far between, and i have one! ?"
"f you have a wonderful man, who works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, who makes you laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with you, will always pick you up when you're down, who is your world and someone that you're thankful for, then post this to your status and give the good men the recognition they deserve, because great men are few and far between, and i have one! ?"
just learned how to e playful ress a dog's anal glands   i wish i was joking 
bottle of wine + robot chicken marathon = good night 
"hitting the road at 2pm for a marathon drive down to     well     marathon   look out florida keys   paradise, here we come!!"
what a wonderful feeling to wake up in florida!!
"what a great day  spent all day fishing the flats, saw sharks and a sea turtle right next to my kayak,and headed to my fav bar & grill for dinner  i love vacay::"
"i love being on vacay    sipping rum runners by the pool, then an evening kayak fishing trip  so out of touch with reality!"
key west!!
so proud to be married to a tarpon ninja 
"going to see <propmale> gaffigan with the family tonight, then the dream cruise tomorrow   what a great weekend it's going to be!"
"likes to move it, move it "
kudos to <propfirst> clave for getting us a sweet ride for the dream cruise!!
"somehow saved the direct number to livingston county emergency in my phone as my eye doctor     so yes, i just called 911 complaining about my contacts and how it was taking forever for my new lenses arrived   the nice lady let me go on for quite a while before telling me that i had the wrong number   time to go home and have a drink!"
feeling like crap   hope i didn't catch the office bug  thanks <propfemale>!
"dayquil, kleenex, movies, and a husband and puppy to snuggle with   check "
"i just came to the realization that elbows seriously freak me out   they are disgusting and weird-looking and really disturbing   but elbow macaroni?  yes, please "
"headed home to get cleaned up, then downtown with some awesome friends for the eminem concert!  going to be a crazy night!"
"having the best day ever   swanky hotel, fancy dinner, won at the casino, drinks at the top of the rencen, then concert    love it!!"
"sitting here with a warm blanket, a glass of wine and tosh 0 on the tv     life is good "
hoping the rain lets up for front row seats at the tigers with the fam!
had absolutely no idea there was a new professor layton out today  i know what i'm doing the rest of the week!
"i love my husband when he gets up at 3am to check out the scary things that go \bump\"" in the night!  he is so protective of me!"""
"somehow pinched a nerve in my neck while putting on makeup (strenuous task, i know   ) and now i can barely move my head  this should make a great first impression on the new manager!"
cedar point  brrrrr!
"with 3 weeks to go until i get $150 toward a phone upgrade, i dropped my cell into a mud puddle   the screen now flashes white and purple when i turn it on and doesn't do anything else   hoping i can beg and plead enough to get a new phone now, otherwise i'm screwed!  i hate today!!"
"knocked over an entire tray of dark gray-blue paint onto my bedroom floor last night   luckily most of it came up, but not without a lot of swearing and a mini-temper tantrum   hopefully today goes a bit better than yesterday!"
still considering punching <propfirst> clave ii for talking me into doing the rip cord     sutter home and bungee jumping don't really mix!  you just don't take advantage of a girl like that!
just saw 2 old people riding a bike built for 2 with a huge american flag on the back through a b-dub's parking lot     i hope i'm that cool when i'm 80!
"my mom informed me yesterday that she likes to \get down to <propfirst> mathers\""   i am both proud and mortified at the same time   at least it was a successful shopping trip!"""
it's a beautiful life 
a little <propmale> seger makes the afternoon seem that much better!
happy 16th birthday to my beautiful sister <propfirst> klimek!!!!  love you sis!
"getting caught up on boardwalk empire, then heading down to <propfemale> arbor for some halloween fun!"
i'm too old for tbis sh*t
i love my husband and our little family so much! having a fantastic saturday on the couch with the pets and some football  what a perfect day!
worldwide chocolate shortage by 2030? wtf?! noooooooo!!
i love it when a plan comes together!!
well happy anniversary weekend indeed  <propmale> is up north on a fishing trip and i am sick as a dog  i'm thinking dinner reservations are going to be rescheduled 
three years ago today i married the love of my life  i am so blessed to share my life with my best friend! happy anniversary <propfemale>!
at the pet e playful o w my family and almost just got bowled over by <propfemale> stilwell! she is super sweet and i got to take a picture with her!
well it got super-intense for a few minutes there but i got the kid rock tickets and we have pretty good seats! can't wait until january 15!!
"laundry is done, closet is cleaned and reorganized  just have to clean the kitchen then putting on some mood music and busting out the christmas tree!!"
looks like we are planning 2 fabulous vacations for next year  god i love not having kids!!
"just booked a cruise!  too bad it's a year away    caribbean, here i come!!"
night out on the town!
"well it wasn't pretty, but the lions finally won one  i'll take it!"
my 27 year-old husband bought a nerf dart gun to torment me and the dog with   so much for my quiet night 
just bought myself my very first coach purse  <propfemale> christmas to me!!
can't wait to celebrate christmas <propfemale> with my family tonight!
my husband is drinking rum as he makes webcam videos of himself flying his new rc helicopter around the living room    how did i get so lucky?!
"so i accidentally bought haircolor that is waaaaaaaaay more red than normal, but since it's new year's <propfemale> and i'm feeling spontaneous i decided to go for it   this could either be really great or really awful    we'll see in about 45 minutes!!"
resting up before an awesome night tomorrow  headed to the big kid rock concert with some of the coolest people i know! can't wait!!
on our way downtown  we have a sweet hotel room and a cooler full of drinks  can't wait for he big show   this night is going to be amazing!!
i broke my nose at the kid rock concert  i am spending the day re-evaluating my life decisions 
football and pjs  smile 
it was so much fun talking to my sister tonight!
snuggled up with the pets watching the <propfemale> diaries while the chili is cooking    can't wait for the husband to get home so we can enjoy dinner and a fire!
craving some el patron salsa right now! yummmmm   
watching keys fishing on versus and getting so super-excited for april! can't wait to get back in my kayak!!
drinking wine and playing mariokart on the wii  wow i am exciting!!
going out for a nice romantical dinner with the hubby  smile 
"steve: \cee-lo looks like the devil's peacock!!\""  i love my husband!!"""
either my new sunglasses are crooked or my face is crooked  i am really hoping it's the sunglasses!
remind me again why i still live in michigan?!
just convinced my husband to buy a pair of maui jims    i think i've created a monster!
is anyone else getting just a little tired of lady gaga or am i the only one? i'm kind of ready for her to take her catchy music somewhere else for a while!
irritated 
bar!!
"steve: \i'd rather whip my hair back and forth than live in a yellow submarine  it's the worst song ever!\"" hahahaha"""
"tonight i made garlic chicken rigatoni with steamed broccoli and carrots for dinner   it counts as cooking if i take it out of the freezer and warm it up, right???"
"i leave for florida in 22 days    please get here soon, i can't take another day of work!!"
