7528c5b2b8ed44998c386b5ff2e5af4f
spent new years <propfemale> in istanbul and was on the bosporus bridge at midnight   it was amazing  
is back in almaty   and i'm actually happy about it   ^^
just watched a video of school in 6th grade in new jersey   everybody looked so young   
"unfortunately my phone fell out of my pocket at that tay house restaurant place, so i dont have a phone any more  "
i think i actually might sleep tonight    smile 
nothing will be the same next year   im gunna miss it    sad 
only 5 days left   i leave on friday  smile 
we have no more food   and im hungry   -_-
i dont think i have ever been this bored  
   blub   blub    love 
just got a skype account   hmm  
i am sooo bored   
wooohooo!!!!! leaving in the morning   and vero is at my house right now    love 
vero is having a laugh attack   how immature   =p
great time with the red bull cans today   i believe they all died   =p
damn    i thought we were tricky but they cought us   =p
wooohoooo!!!!!!  smile  came back from vienna   now im back in salzburg  smile   smile 
happy 4th of july  smile 
   hmmm   
 love 
blub blub     love 
   wooooohooooo    ^^   
holy fuck im gunna miss everyone <propfemale> much   i love you guys!!  love 
made it to turkey just fine and spent the day today at the beach in artur  smile 
it's always better when we're together    love 
damn i miss you     love 
facebook isn't uploading the most amazing picture in the world   - -
got back to kazakhstan this morning  
first day of school tomorrow   - -
just talked to vero on skype  smile   love 
i love the amazing box from vero and chrissi  smile   love 
i don't like this very much   in fact i don't like this at all    - -
   i miss vero <propfemale> damn much    sad    love 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!  smile 
just finished talking to vero on skype!!! woooohooooo!!!!  love   love 
knoodel    ^^    hehe
"in mega at ramstore with me, mom, <propmale>, and vero my mom (to vero): what do you have?!?! vero (quietly): noodles?!? my parents are having a very intellectual conversation in the car about new jobs for my dad's business    dad: so, we moved the accountant up to the other position   nicole: wait, so where did the old accountant go? vero: he died  haha good times    damn i miss you   <propfemale> picker  love "
so much lit stuff to do   - -
i feel a little retarted    playful 
wholy crap there is 42 people online right now  
"<propfemale> made kimbab, gave me a piece, and then tells me that's all i get for diner   and i'm hungry  "
feelin a bit home sick   missin texas  sad    love 
talking to vero on skype!! woooohooooo!!!!  love   love 
"\my little girl\"" - i love <propmale> mcgraw    love """
gunna have diner and then finally start my homework   oops    annoyed 
ya i so do not want to go to school tomoro    - -    this sucks  annoyed 
amazing party   im still dizzy  annoyed 
now i have to go to <propfemale> with my family and some turkish people   this will be interesting    annoyed 
<propfemale> says i need a status   so here it is   ^^
"is talking to vero on skype, missing her, und toast mit schinken und butter    annoyed "
the play is finally over   i swear i am never joining another play again    annoyed 
now i get to go see the grinch with my 4 favorite people   woopie    annoyed 
homework on sundays sucks    annoyed 
my family is finally back!!! thank god!!!!
is talking to <propfemale> picker on skype right now and thinking about how amazing it's gunna be when she's here   i can't wait   im <propfemale> excited  smile   love 
"just looked at my bumper stickers, and realized that if you read them all, that is basically what my life is all about    smile "
i am bored out of my mind   im sitting here cutting up my eraser with a razor blade   ugh and its only 3 surprise 0   i have a feeling this is going to be a very slow vacation    annoyed 
is in istanbul  smile  and my flight number today was 911   so i was really creeped out during the whole flight    annoyed 
   fancy like fancy pants    ^^   
"  fuck school, just live in a box your whole life  "
finally on fb after more than a week of not being online  
10 days!!!!!!  love 
passports!!!! and the form too  
my mom just said that me and <propfemale> picker are weird   haha she just noticed?? can't wait to see you!!!  love   love 
is really tired and has a shit load of homework to do    annoyed 
three more hours!!!  love 
vero's here!!  love 
"k so the bathroom upstairs is leaking, and there is water coming though the ceiling of our kitchen   this could be a problem    annoyed "
sooo excited for wed!! haha i'm gunna get her the best present ever   i just gotta figure out what it is  
i should probably start my homework    annoyed 
"got home, rang the door<propfemale>, and remembered that the <propfemale> doesn't wring  went to get my keys, but  realized that my keys were with birce arslan  tried to call <propfemale> to let me in, but i was out of money on my phone   after about 15 minutes i went next door to the guard and asked for the keys  which he also didn't have   but he gave me his phone and i called <propmale> and got in  another kz adventure  ladna  "
our basement has flooded twice in 24 hours   last night it was a sewage overflow and it smelled like shit everywhere   today just water   she says that it's cuz we are flushing toilet paper   so now we can't flush toilet paper   great  and then the land lord lady tells us that it's our problem and we should call a plumber?? umm   right  we'll get right on that  klasna 
"sitting at starbucks in istanbul with birce arslan  smile  without <propfemale>    annoyed  got a lot of stuff done   haircut, ears pierced   it's been a good day  smile "
finally have internet after a very long time   going back to almaty saturday night    annoyed 
"back in almaty this morning and i took a nap, and now i'm doing lots and lots of hw   ugh, back to reality   annoyed "
what pages do we have to read for bio???
i feel like i just got hit by a bus 
going to miras now  great  just what i want to do 
"i now have to write 2 essays and do a bio take home test  i'm so tired i can barely keep my eyes open, yet im still on fb  such a distraction and waste of time   annoyed "
"oh my god i'm in so much pain!! my mom just put some kind of burn relief shit on my burn, and  it hurts more than it has all day!!! fml"
goin to an orphanage tomoro   i won't be back at school till like 2 or so  
sooo much work to do tonight   annoyed 
"tomorrow is the last day that tickets are being sold for the lock in on friday! 700 tg to stay the night, 500 tg if you're not  don't forget to buy them!  smile "
listening to kase 101 and feeling extremely home sick  i wanna go back to texas   annoyed 
hahaha you guys should all try setting your language to english (pirate)   hahaha my account --> settings --> language --> english (pirate)  me and my mom had sooo much fun with this   hahaha
sittin outside in a rockin chair    smile 
estresado y enojado  - -
niet 
why does it seem that all the inanimate objects that i talk to never respond?
sooo  i'm gunna have a party at my house on saturday for anyone not going to samal   send me a message to rsvp and to get the details  smile 
woke up in the morning feeling so not like p diddy it's not even funny    annoyed 
"so i listened to the preacher, as he told me what to do, he said you can't go hating others, who have done wrong to you  sometimes we get angry, but we must not condemn  let the good lord do his job, and you just pray for them "
i love the sound of rain  love 
keeping it real  love 
blah blah blah   
hahaha i just realized that almost all of my best friends have been blondes   ^^
"you ain't the only one who feels like this world's left you far behind, i don't know why you gotta be angry all the time "
so excited to go back home!  smile 
in florida  smile 
i think the only way that germany will win is by luck  spain is totally dominating 
spainnnn!!!! 1-0
we'll be in <propfirst> thursday morning!!!!   laugh 
"made it to <propfirst> last night, and so much has changed    who put all those highways there?  smile  going to round rock donuts for breakfasttt  laugh "
just went and checked out ut  i love it   smile 
woke up with 75 notifications   surprise 
"so last night we went out to some bar and learned how to do a bunch of country dances  it was pretty fun  but me and <propmale> got these neon yellow bracelets and a big fat \x\"" on both of our hands  all this saying that we are too young for alcohol  gotta love <propfemale>  smile  we did meet a couple cowboys though  smile """
51 notifications   thanks <propfemale> bear   smile 
"leaving <propfemale> to go back to kazakhstan tomorrow   ready to go back, but wish i could have stayed just a few more days  sad "
<propfirst> mitsos only likes some <propfemale> montana episodesss!!! omg   laugh 
going back to almaty today   plane leaves in 6 hours    smile 
"k so we left <propfemale> at 7 smile 0 at night on tuesday, and got here 3 smile 0 in the morning on thursday   haha how does that work out? either way, made it back safe and sound  came home to our new house and it is kick ass if i do say so myself  smile "
"you and me baby, we're stuck like glue "
"you make me shine like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head   "
"upper middle class white trash  my pockets can't hold all my cash'! cause one day i just had to pee, got some gas and won the lottery! now i'm investin in my neighborhood  my friends and family theyre all livin' pretty good! my trailer park's full of cadillacs, and upper middle class white trash!!!  laugh "
so is tomoro a full day or a half day??
finally on facebook after more than a week  smile 
just went through the amazing box from austria  smile  damn i miss you guys  love  <propfemale> picker chrissi hmmz   love 
"just had some kick-ass shisha with my mom, but then she yelled at me for smoking it too much    annoyed  hahaha"
my brain does not want to work right now 
it's about time     love 
"it's 12 o'clock, pippy, and this is very important  so go facebook something \ <propfemale> kiran  gotta love my mom  love  \mom said to <propfemale> kiran"
just talked to <propfemale> picker for 3 hours    love   love 
no quiero estar aqui mas   quiero ir a <propfemale> lugar sin mi familia    ugh   annoyed 
i don't think that in the entire history of my life i have ever been so bored     annoyed 
"aww, could ya, would ya, ain't ya gunna, if i asked ya, would ya wanna, be my baby tonight??  laugh "
whisky
"oh the smallest thing can make all the difference  love is alive, don't listen to em when they say   "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
first time having christmas in kazakhstan  smile  it's actually been pretty nice   just chillin at home  smile 
"'cause the river don't talk, the river don't care  where you've been, what you've done, or why it is your standin' there  it just rolls on by whisperin' to your soul  it's gonna be alright   "
cousins are the 1st friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins    even if you don't talk much lately     re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world! love you all!!
woop woop don't have to babysit tonight  playful 
sometimes i wake up in the morning and for a split second i forget that i live in kazakhstan   
i'm feeling really homesick right now    county music always does that to me  sad 
i love cowboys   love 
"k so today we got interviewed by 2 news people, about 50 people took pictures with us, we made many new friends, got recorded dancing on somebody's video camera without knowing, were about 20 feet away from the president, and watched kazakhstan kick ass at bandy!!! great day     laugh "
so i'm thinking we have a basketball game tomoro   but i think it's at miras  so be ready just in case   <propfemale> romero birce arslan <propfemale> <propfemale> eichas <propfemale> bear <propfemale> kiran jihee kang  laugh 
it's so strange to be looking at pictures from 3 years ago when i lived in the states and then randomly hearing a russian song on the radio and i realize that i live in kazakhstan    smile 
this could possible be the best summer ever 
??? ????? ??????  smile 
takin a break from facebook for a while 
- -
nothing lasts forever   
eww  school  gross  - -
"somebody stole my ipod and if i could have it back, that would be great  - -"
"we are the funniest people on facebook \<propfemale> bear <propfemale> kiran\ love "
see ya later almaty!  playful 
i wanna go back to texas     sad 
crazy mother trucker   ^^
you can kiss my country ass 
i'm done 
"i swear if you hire somebody else next year, i'm moving out "
