10fc4e93dadbcf0e58bdcc741037e714
happy new year everyone!
"going fishing today, hoping to hook into some trout or salmon with <propfirst>  smile  wish us luck!"
no luck fishing yesterday but i hope today works out  i also hope our spot isn't being over run but a bunch of loud mouth idiots that can't keep a spot secret  grrrr 
blahhhh   yep that's all that's on my mind 
"you can also feed people in need, give books to people, save the rainforest, give free mammograms to patients with breast cancer, and give health care to children in need all for free  you can click each once a day and make a difference  smile "
"i have been seeing a lot of shooting stars this year, i thought they were rare but i have seen at least 20+ in the past year  shooting stars are planets dying so, i hope it's not a bad sign   "
"you know, thank god for pets because you know they will always be your friend, never backstab you, always be there for you, and will always show appreciation for having you in their lives   "
i have an interview today for being a line therapist for autistic children!!! wish me luck!  smile 
"i might be coming down with something, i sure hope i don't since i start work in 2 days   sprite and reese's peanut butter cups will do the trick though  smile "
"my back and neck hurt really bad today, i think it's the high pressure system we've been having lately   "
"the 3 month old we babysat today was a nightmare! she screamed bloody murder for 8 hours straight, not even over exaggerating  there was absolutely nothing you could do to make that baby happy  tonight has officially made my decision that i never want kids! never ever ever ever! i still have a piercing migraine from that kid, ughh!!"
"today should be a better day, i hope "
"i got two shots yesterday and they are kicking me today, i feel like a train wreck  sad  "
so much homework lately!
"going skein fishing, then going back to work "
"have to babysit for a screaming baby all night tonight with <propfirst>  grrr this kid never shuts up, i feel like punting it sometimes "
"grrr i hate when facebook lags! which happens all the time but come on, they need to fix this crap "
i can't wait until school is over  no more school!!!
"going to the rock river today with <propfirst> and <propmale>, you never know what you're going to get out of there but we are hoping some walleyes!"
"our phone is turned back on but we have to use it sparingly  we also have unlimited texting now, however my phone isnt the best texting phone  i woke up feeling really down for some reason  i can never pin point the exact cause, i guess that's what depression does to you "
thinks there are too many clones in this world and not enough individuals 
i hate hiccups 
"babysitting again tonight, i hope the kids are on their best behavior   "
i will add more pictures later 
it's nice to know that friends that you have had for years just throw you in the dumpster like you don't mean crap to them because they are off with their fake little prissy friends getting drunk and not giving a crap about anyone but themselves  thanks for wasting my time 
"i feel like really sick  my nose wont stop running, my throat hurts, and i can barely breathe   "
the hangover was hilarious! definitely a movie you should all go and see 
babysitting el diablo   need i say more?
sooo tired    
mint brownie icecream is the bomb 
happy halloween! boo!   sad   < my angry vampire face
"the packers are going to kill the vikings, i can't wait til the game "
"fishin tonight, hopefully the walleyes will bite again!"
"about to go to work, sleepy but when i come home i can sleep more  smile "
working then babysitting all night 
sooo sleeepppyyyy  sad 
"college is almost done   signing up for next semester tomorrow, then after that 2-3 more semesters to go!"
"can't fall back asleep, my nose is so stuffed i can't breathe   this sucks "
thinks she is slap happy because she's been up for 22 hours woohoo
thinks she is slap happy because she's been up for 19 hours woohoo
"just took a math test, then work, then babysit all night, then work twice, then another math test after work, then pick up parents from airport  busy!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"i feel terrible today, really sore throat, i think i have a fever, and the worst cold possible   life is really not treating me well lately   "
happy 2 year anniversary <propfirst>!!!  love   love   love   love   love  love 
"i think it's supposed to be snowing right now   but it's not  weather people, i swear sometimes   "
"i seem to have no energy what so ever lately, i don't know why, but it is irritating   "
"<propfirst> got me a vexilar yesterday for christmas! i'm so excited to use it out on the ice, i hope the lakes and harbors we plan on going to freeze up to be safe enough to walk on soon! thanks <propfirst>  love ! i love you!"
"last test today then i am done with this semester  i hope it goes well, i don't know the material very well though   "
"don't you just love knowing that you would be willing to do anything to help people because you would want the same in return, just to have people blow you off for their own selfish needs? people prove to me more and more everyday why i should not respect them "
"we just got back from our first ice fishing outing, we got a lot of small perch and bluegills and only 2 keeper gills, hopefully we will have better luck next time  it was fun being able to use my vexilar for the first time though  smile "
"i hate allergies!!!! i'm having a bad attack today, can't breathe, eyes are watery, nose is running like a faucet, this better be over with by christmas   "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i feel like crap today   
"last night was fun, <propmale> out with some friends, played kinect adventures, kinect sports, rock band, and dance central on my friend <propfirst>'s xbox  pigged out for the last time since one of my new year resolutions is to lose some weight  i had a ridiculous sugar high last night because i apparently consumed 660 grams of sugar  so the xbox kinect really helped to lessen that energy  good times "
"it seems like everyone is starting the new year off being sick!! i am feeling a little under the weather, my brother has the flu, my mom is sick, and a bunch of people on my friend's lists are stating that they're sick  this is no good!"
"feeling pretty crappy today, just going to <propfemale> low, roll into a big blanket and watch some movies   "
what a lovely blizzard we are having   
"sleepy      working, then probably taking a nap  smile "
going to attempt to sleep because i have to be up at 6:45am   bah 
the cow goes   shazooooooo!
"working all day tomorrow, won't get to see <propfirst> all day  sad  he's going to be off having fun icefishing "
bored and eating cookies   
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
"i was supposed to work this morning then i got to the location and found out i didn't   so i am confused on why my schedule said i had to work this morning  so i had to wake up extra early, shower, and rush to get ready, to find out that i don't have to work and i could of gotten more sleep but now i am awake and ready to go with nothing to do!!! gahhh! sorry, i'm frustrated   "
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour?"
"saw 2012 tonight, incredible! it was definitely well worth the money! filled with action, and a good plot  there were parts of the movie that were very unrealistic but they did a good attempt of making it scientific  but like most movies, it was hollywoodized  good stuff though!"
college started back up on sunday and it is by far the hardest semester yet  i hope i can manage to do well this semester and still have a life   ugh 
"? ? ? if you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you, then repost this    because great men are few and far between, and i appreciate and love mine ? ? ?"
"life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands, if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  copy and post to your wall if you agree "
cats are awesome 
so this is a for sure thing that we have to pay monthly for facebook in july? because i think they would be making a big mistake  i think that a lot of people would leave facebook and that would result in less people wanting to advertise on their website which would result in the site losing money  why can't they just earn money from advertisements and let people network for free?
"so busy, bah "
"i love fan pages, it helps you to see that you're not the only one "
"i hate when people don't like you just because you're not like them  i also hate how people don't like you because you don't meet up to their standards like, not being happy enough  it's really pathetic "
fyi: peanut butter toast is friggin amazing 
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have her still with you, or if she has gone to be with the lord copy and paste this with her name  <propfirst> landers"
"i hate when you have a craving for something that you don't have, i have the peanut butter but no toast  sad "
i had a dream where everyone i know was in this school and everyone was obsessed with <propfemale> sand and we were all making puppets with the <propfemale> sand and pissing off the teachers  i don't understand where dreams come from sometimes because i forgot <propfemale> sand even existed 
"watched the movie seven pounds last night with <propfirst> and <propfirst>, that movie was excellent, great story, great acting, 4 4 stars in my opinion  i recommend it to to people who like really weird movies and inspiring movies  then i watched the movie world's greatest dad with <propfirst> <propmale> in it with <propfirst> and that movie was really messed up with some funny parts, i'd probably give it 2 5 4 stars "
wishes school was so much easier   sigh 
"overwhelmed as always, i don't know why i ever post statuses when i have nothing new to say   "
sometimes i wonder why doing your best is never good enough 
"walleye fishing this week, i hope we get into them really good!"
you know you have a good job when you go to work smiling and go home from work smiling  smile 
"going walleye fishing with my fiance and <propfirst> later, it's going to be fun!"
"time for homework, blah   "
"trying our luck fishing tonight, hopefully we get some keepers!"
it is soooo nice out! maybe some fishing later???
hope everyone has a great easter weekend!
"finally no homework for a week, thank god for spring break! anyways, went to <propfirst>'s family get-together today and it was fun, the food was great also!"
some people are really freaking weird   yet i am too so it's cool  laugh 
"going fishing today, tomorrow the zoo, and then back to school  at least i had a fun vacation!"
"coming back from fishing, caught a legal walleye, some whitebass, and some short walleyes  it was a good time! then meeting a group of friends at the zoo tomorrow  have not been to the zoo in a while so i am excited!  smile "
"some people really do not deserve anything in life, yet they are handed everything and somehow people respect them   this does not make any sense to me  hardworking people have trouble getting anywhere in life, and then there are people who are lazy, useless, ignorant, selfish, braindead, and backstabbing and they are handed everything in life   why?!?!"
mmmm warm chocolate chip cookies are the best!
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for the ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  post to your wall if you agree "
"work was cancelled this morning so i am probably just going to watch a movie, nap, then go meet a new client for work  i'm super stuffed up to the point where i can't breathe and my ears keep popping  hopefully i will feel better later   "
if you ask a tree he will tell you that only under bridges you can walk on water 
"sometimes i wonder how some people are fake, because i could never pretend to be someone i'm not "
happy earth day to all! please do what you can to save the earth!
"it's my brother's birthday today, he's 17! we are probably going to all celebrate later but for now i am going to get some homework done   blah "
"i think i've had too much junk food today, my stomach is hurting  annoyed \"
happy birthday to me!! woohoooo
"so far my birthday has been a little rough, my car's check engine light is on, and the client i worked with today was extremely irritable so our three hour session felt more like eight  we barely got anything done today   bah  i hope the rest of the day isn't like this   "
"in about a half hour i'm going shopping with my birthday money, then going to the <propfemale> garden, then going to see hot tub time machine  then tomorrow is back to reality, blah "
"name the song excerpt: so prepare for a <propmale> of a lifetime, be prepared for sensational news, a shining new <propfemale>, is tiptoeing nearer, but where do we feature, just listen to teacher, i know it sounds sordid, but you'll be rewarded, when at last i am given my dues, and injustice deliciously squared, be prepared!"
"my birthday was fun, it felt nice not having to worry about anything  now back to reality where i have to do projects for school and other homework   "
"just finished a huge essay that is due tomorrow so i don't have to worry about it anymore, now i will be going fishing today with <propfirst>, we are hoping to get enough for a fish fry, it is beautiful out so today should be a great day!"
"not sure what is going on today, maybe fishing, and if not then we will probably get some dinner, see a movie, and do the rest of my birthday shopping "
my crazy cat just ran head first into the wall twice because she is hyper  then she ran up and down the stairs with her tail all poofed  my cat's a weirdo 
"one more week of college then i am done for a little while   pretty much three more years until i am completely done  bah, i want to be done now!"
"i don't wanna take a test, or work again later   bah!"
"i think i am going to kill my neighbors that are across the street, they're all bumpin their bass like they're the coolest thing ever and they piss me off  some people just need to  be dropped in the core of milwaukee's north side being white and bumpin their bass  i would be sitting there with popcorn laughing as they get shredded, hahahaa! sorry  "
"getting really sick, hope this nyquil will kick it out of me  i got to feed a 2 week old kitten today  it was so adorable!"
waffle time!
"i'm going to curl up under a blanket with some soup, crackers and a big cup of water so i can feel better  smile "
"urgent please read: hey guys i just wanted to let you know that there is a new virus that has been discovered that destroys vital information on your hard drive and it is well disguised  so far any email message you receive that says \postcard from hallmark\"" even if it is from someone you know do not open it! please let your friends know this!"""
"oh hey, let's blame the democrats! guess what republicans?! msnbc just stated we are now out of the recession and vp biden has created more jobs in the past year than any jobs that were created in the four years prior  who was president in the past four years? hmmm   "
"badger badger badger badger badger badger mushroom mushroom badger badger badger badger badger badger badger mushroom badger badger badger badger snake snakkkee ooohhh it's a snakkee! haha good times, please tell me you guys have seen this video "
i should be doing my exam but i dont want to  sad 
"one class down, 3 to go!"
"i got a c in financial accounting, ick! that class is so freaking hard though   "
"so irritated right now, some people are just so ungrateful they don't even realize all of the things you already do  they just want more and more and more until you freaking e playful lode  i am so sick of people "
"time to write an essay then work, then tomorrow i have my final exam then i am done with school! woohoo! then saturday is my cousin's wedding so a have a lot planned this week!"
work was cancelled so <propfirst> and i are going to <propfemale> out with our friends <propfemale> and <propmale> and probably play some pool or just chillax 
"anyone up for six flags on june 3rd? come join my fiancé and i, it'll be a blast  laugh "
"blah, been so busy lately, i barely have time to breathe   "
"i hate when your supposed \friends\"" are friends with your enemies   """
you know you work with kids when you have <propfemale> the e playful lorer stuck in your head 
"ambien didn't help at all, bah  now i just feel tired and awake at the same time and it's an annoying feeling   "
is binging on chocolate o o
"i feel dead, sleepy time   then i'm not sure what's going on today "
"going trolling for salmon later, it's going to be fun, i've never done it before  smile "
"haha, i just \liked\"" a million things because of boredom  surprise """
"i feel like crap, i think i'm coming down with strep throat   not to mention i sleep like crap too   "
just watched a really good but creepy movie called untraceable  i recommend that anyone that hasn't seen it should watch it  it's freaky that stuff like this could really happen 
have to work on memorial day  sad  but then i get to go swimming later so it's all good  laugh  then tuesday is six flags! woohooo!
"had a great time today at six flags with <propfirst>  love  we also got to go to gurnee mills and white castle! friday we are going up north, that is going to be a blast as well!"
"feeling blah today, pretty depressed and i don't know why   "
going up north today with my love  love  8 days away from it all where we will be fishing and having a blast! i'm so excited!
pretzels rock!
"blah, i have to work all weekend  sad  then the week i don't have to work as much it is going to rain   i can't win!"
"i saw the moody blues on wednesday and they were awesome! now i am 40 minutes away from seeing yes! super excited, it is going to be an awesome show!"
"probably going fishing today, the salmon are biting! then i don't know what we're going to do, probably <propfemale> out with some friends "
"this government irritates me, everyone that tries to live their life without getting benefits gets screwed in the end and i'm sick of it  why should some people get to go to college for free and get everything handed to them but others have to struggle just to make it  then jobs don't make it any easier when they require you to have a degree in order to actually make enough money to afford college  grrr!"
"if you have a wonderful man, who works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, who makes you laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with you, will always pick you up when you're down, who is your world & someone that you're thankful for, then    post this to your    status & give the good men recognition   i love you <propfirst>  love "
"bah, i have a summer cold, this sucks!"
"dead tired but i have to work, then i have an appointment  probably not going to nap at all today so hopefully i will wake up and not be crabby "
wishes she had millions of dollars because then life would be so much easier 
"college starting back up soon, and getting more hours at work  hopefully i wont be too stressed out  being a full time student and a full time worker is not easy "
"my body decided to wake up randomly at 4 after falling asleep around 12 smile 0 and then i couldn't get back to sleep so now i have to work until 3 smile 0, go to matc to register, then go to <propfirst>'s pt all with like 3 1 2 hours of sleep   woohooo       "
finally caught up on sleep and feel much better today  we saw date night last night and it was hilarious  i definitely recommend it to <propfemale> fey and <propmale> carell fans 
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
"sore and in pain, just feel like laying around today   blah "
"going to a bonfire later, hopefully we wont be torn apart by mosquitoes "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
"pretty much just blah lately, school starts sunday, might go to six flags tomorrow or do something fun, i need a vacation "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
"rapid heartbeat pounding through my chest, agitated body in distress, i feel like i'm in danger, daily life is strangled by my stress  a stifling surge shooting through all my veins, extreme apprehension suddenly i'm insane, lost all hope for redemption, a grave situation desperate at best "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
is being a fatty and eating cookies  yum   
"ich frage mich, wenn jemand dies lesen kann da wenn sie können, die kühl ist!"
"having a total allergy attack, not sure why  it feels like <propfemale> little feathers are on my eyes and another feather is tickling my nose and making it run  one of the worst feelings ever!!!"
ooooo i am <propfemale> pissed right now!
tired but i have to do homework    sad 
"allergies are awful today, i want to go back to bed   "
i love when cats meow and yawn at the same time! haha
"so i am basically pissed off because my hours at work were cut in half for no reason and they do not have any hours to replace them  now i am going to have to find a way to pay for school, cell phone <propmale>, gas and everything else that cuts holes in my wallet  i have an interview with wisconsin early autism project so hopefully that will go well "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
our diabetes walk is tomorrow! if you have changed you mind and would like to go then send me a message and i will give you all of the information  as for the people going our team name is walkabetes  also check your inbox to get the rest of the walk details 
"starting weight watchers today, i gained more weight than i wanted to after high school so i am looking to burn it all off "
"musky fishing today, hopefully the rain will stay out of the forecast  might try for some walleyes and bass as well  i am hoping i can change my profile pic to an awesome catch  wish us luck!"
"going with <propfirst> to his cousin's house to watch them jam on the guitar and drums, then after that i'm not sure what's going on "
"seeing dinner for schmucks tonight with <propfirst>  love  hopefully it is a good movie  do not have to work tomorrow  starting my new job on october 6th, pretty excited  other than that nothing else is new  hope everyone has a good week!"
"misses her long hair, it was annoying having to deal with it but i think i did look better when i had it "
wishes there was a delete button for moments in life you wish never happened 
soooo tired  sad 
"they say everything happens for a reason, but then why does everything in my life screw up "
<propfirst> and i are going to spend some time with my family by going to the pumpkin farm with them  i will upload pictures today from this and the walk 
"i have to take three tests today and write a paper  this sucks, i am not looking forward to it   "
"walked for jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on saturday, september 18, 2010  follow this link to support:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87722233&sr=facebook"
"please, copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass  people who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass, except a foot up the ass  but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this  they need a foot up the ass too!"
special needs kids aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little differently  may we allow ourselves to learn from them   
"it is 10 10 10 today, pretty awesome "
"just got back from fishing with <propfirst> and our friend <propmale>, it was a fun time, <propfirst> caught some nice northern pike, <propmale> got a nice one and a little one, and i caught three small bass  it was fun even though i didn't catch anything worth bragging about  either way i enjoyed beautiful scenery and an e playful erience away from the city  smile "
"down in the dumps today, blah  hoping things will turn up and i really want to go to fright fest this year to check out the new saw haunted house  if anyone wants to go to fright fest we should all go!"
going to work then going to <propfirst>'s with <propfirst> to pay some red dead redemption!
"i cannot wait for halloween man, i don't care if i am not a kid anymore i am going to dress up in a costume and have the time of my life! people can't go through life being so serious all the time, sometimes it just feels awesome to just be weird and random without caring how people look at you "
"i should seriously be writing an essay right now, but i am resenting the idea so much that i am procrastinating probably until i have no more time to do it   bah "
"another day where the wind gets to molest my hair, bah  at least it's not rain and wind, my hair would look like <propfirst> scissor hand's "
sooo tired   must stay awake   
"going to see saw vii 3d tomorrow with <propfirst> and <propfirst>, it's on an ultrascreen too therefore it is going to be awesome!"
saw vii was an awesome movie! 4 4 stars  it is a definite must see to all saw lovers!
i am cold! waiting for my <propfirst> to come home from fishing  love 
"working then going skating with some friends  fishing this weekend, i hope the fish bite and we get some limits!"
"fishing the river this weekend, hopefully we will get our limit of walleyes and some big ones for photos  browns are biting too so we might fish for them as well at some point  ice fishing is coming up real soon, hopefully it wont be too cold or snowy so we can catch some fish through the ice "
"got some more hours at work which means more cash, hoping i can start saving up now for future e playful enses  have to register for spring semester soon, and if everything goes the way i plan and all of my credits transfer, i will be enrolled at a four year school by late spring 2011 and be done with by bachelor's by the beginning of 2012  i just really hope everything goes the way i plan finally!"
"just blah, super tired, have an exam i have to get done today, really looking forward to being done with school "
history tests suck 
it's getting cold out too fast! i am not used to it! hope everyone has a good thanksgiving week!
"i'm reallly not looking forward to snow, i hate driving in it "
"waiting for a meeting to start at work, then going home to spend time with my <propfirst>  love   have a good thanksgiving everyone, and if you dare to shop on black friday then good luck! i have to work on friday so no shopping for me "
"had a great thanksgiving  stuffed myself with a lot of food and enjoyed time with family and <propfirst>  back to work today, glad i don't work in retail because when i worked at gamestop during black friday it was a nightmare  now it is time to prepare for christmas!"
sooo tired    sad 
today is <propfirst> and my three year anniversary! we are going to celebrate with some chinese food and going to see the movie due date!
i had an amazing and fun time with <propfirst> yesterday celebrating our three years together  the chinese food was awesome and the movie was hilarious! great times  love 
"just had some hot cocoa! i  love  hot cocoa! i should be in bed right now considering i have to work in the morning  not looking forward to this bad weather tomorrow, it ruined my ice fishing plans! my winter break starts monday so no school for me for about a month  i am taking five classes   hoping they aren't hard!"
anyone want to do a history paper for me?  laugh 
"finally done with my fall semester yay! sorry for the caps, i am excited  laugh "
"went ice fishing for brown trout this morning without any results, <propfirst> had one on and we all saw one swimming under two inches of ice, which was pretty sweet  just got done with a nap, had a dream that i beat the crap out of <propfirst> bieber and obama and bush were racing cars throwing fire bombs at each other   talk about random "
"back to work in the morning, and have a busy work week ahead of me then i have a three day weekend for christmas which is definitely worth the extra work"
"just added a bunch of stuff to my profile, i probably still have more to add but that is all i could think of off the top of my head =p "
"went fishing today, we did not catch a lot of fish but it was still fun  <propfirst> and i saw a ufo while looking up at the stars over the lake at night  it was a super bright white circular object that lit up the sky and was travelling at a fast pace  then it faded to a red color, then got smaller, then disappeared into space  we saw airplanes that flew by, but this ufo thing looked nothing at all like the planes "
"i have been eating so bad the past few days, i am surprised that i am not an immense ball of lard  me + holidays = disgrace to the show, \the biggest loser \"""""
going with <propfirst> to our friend <propfirst>'s house to celebrate the new year  we will probably play some xbox kinect and chow down on a bunch of snacks  i am hoping 2011 will be a better year for everyone and i hope everyone drives safe and alcohol free so everyone else on the road can make it home okay as well  no one deserves to suffer or die because of someone's thoughtless action to drive intoxicated 
"<propfirst>, <propfirst> and i are trying our luck tomorrow for pike and panfish  we are hoping the fish decide to bite so we can take home some for the frying pan! hope it's not too cold tomorrow!!!"
"just blah, not sure how i am feeling today, there's a lot on my mind, and i am dealing with a lot of stress  i just hope everything works out positively "
"not sure what's happening today, probably just going to relax and watch the netflix movies that are coming in the mail "
too much ice cream   it hurts so good   
"maybe going to go check out the new music go round in greenfield today and bum around some other stores  sucks that everything closes early on sunday  it's been made so kids can't even say the pledge in school, yet all business close early because of evening mass? doesn't make sense to me "
"icky weather, i hate driving in snow, good thing i don't have to work today  i hope tomorrow isn't crappy out, i have a bunch of errands to run and i really rather not have to do them with snowy roads "
celebrating <propfirst>'s birthday today by going with him to <propfirst>'s old town for some ribs and to see the tourist  it is going to be a very fun night!
maybe fishing in the morning then going to watch the packers as they kick the bears asses! go packers!
it's funny how majority of adults still act like children  people will never grow up 
"not looking forward to all this snow we're getting  maybe i can get out of work but that doesn't mean no work at all for me, i still will get strangled by all the home work  that's the only disadvantage of having online classes "
"snow day for me, no work! still have school to do but it's better than shoveling!"
"doesn't make much sense, does it?? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this "
"i'm getting sick, this sucks "
sleepy   my thursdays and fridays are so hectic   
"if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a crap  repost this if you're proud of who you are "
just a chill day 
depressed and not feeling good   
"busy as always, barely have time to breathe lately "
"my cat has been attached to my hip all day  love  now just enjoying a bowl of ice cream before bed  been a rough week, hopefully this week will be better "
why are all the ads on my facebook <propfemale> having to do with diets and dieting  i think facebook is hinting me   
not tired but have to wake up at 7am   bah 
last week and this week seem to suck 
"put this dog on\   ^ ^\\\\ your profile\( (_•_)\\) to show\ _ ''*''\\_ that you are\(,,,)^(,,,) against animal cruelty"
<propfemale> tired   wish i could go back to bed   -___-
"it is sooo gorgeous out today! i have to work later today but maybe i will do therapy outside! the kid loves the outdoors so, i am sure there will be no complaints  smile  "
today appears to be a homework day   
"is disgusted with most cat food companies  i found out that the third ingredient in iams proactive health is basically a form of ground up wood chips  you can find this ingredient in most low cost pet foods like purina, meow mix, etc  so i bought cat food from a highly recommended company called blue buffalo which has all natural ingredients with no fillers  two other recommended brands are bynature, and wellness "
"it's kind of nice to know that my supposed \friends\"" only want to <propfemale> out with me if they have nothing better to do or no one better to <propfemale> out with  that's the story of my life i guess """
is very sick today with a fever    sad   it keeps rising and i have a really sore throat and an ear ache too so it looks like there will be a trip to the doctor planned for me   
started feeling even more sick today! i am so sick of being sick!  sad 
"i keep hearing about everyone having so much fun yet i am stuck at home with tons of homework, sick, and exhausted   where's my fun???"
