587187fd5b3ae60ad43d836c19c3b79d
so we just got a 42 inch lcd flatscreen and it's fun watching <propfirst> cause he's like a little kid on christmas morning with the thing right now   i love making that man happy
i'm bored    
really hate my life right now    
not much   stuck in baltimore till monday   then im off to germany
i'm in germany   
it's cold outside   really cold   where's the hubby when you need him   
one more day and then the weekend   i may hit ramsteine saturday and then possibley munich   it all depends    
"   lonely, i'm so lonely, i have nobody     "
this has got to be the slowest week yet  sitting in class for 7+ hours every day  time really doesn't fly that way   and my phone needs to hurry up and reconnect to my new room   i have a hubby to call   
yay!!! i got my phone connection fixed so i can talked to my hubby and the family!!!   smile 
"oh, what now?"
"wow, \secondhand serenade\"" is an interesting band   i like them though  at least at this moment    """
"wow, this is a shitty night   "
that shower felt good   
blah   it's a rough weekend this week
loneliness is a crappy feeling
   sigh   he makes me feel so much better when i'm having a down day   god i love him!
i believe it's gonna be a good day   
why?
i'm so worried now  i don't know what to do anymore   
i'm so frustrated!!! what do i do anymore?!?
i love my husband so much!
i'm so relieved right now   
i talked to him and i'm so relieved!!!
"kusel castle is a cool place, sorta earie at night though   "
yay for holidays!! now what to do   
god i'm exhausted    
maybe it's times to just let go   
and so the pain begins   how am i gonna get through this?
   sigh   
"wow, room is actually getting cleaned up   "
"well, that was interesting   "
yay   paperwork is almost done   god i can't wait!
this headache is not going away   
i wish i could talk to someone right now   i miss home
god it hurts   
it's been a wierd day   3 smile 
i so can't wait till he comes over!
"wow, i'm pretty sure bored would be an understatement right now   i'm going slightly crazy   "
"watching titanic, my favorite movie of all time   such a sad movie"
oh poo
maybe i'll watch ice age iii   hmmm
coffee time   i so didn't want to get up this morning! where is the hubby when i need an excuse not to get out of bed?
i shouldn't have slept in so long   dang
"yep, i love him"
any longer and i would have died   
"minus the rain, i'm happy and really excited for <propfirst> to get here   i can't wait!!!"
productive day today   made me happy
i'm so excited now!!!
   sigh   it's been a long day  thank god tomorrow is friday
i'm so glad it's the weekend   
it's a good night   or should i say morning   
i freaking love him   
hmm   
"if the wind was any stronger today, i would have been blown away   "
blah   
i love 4 day weekends
20 days   if only it went fast   
   thanksgiving   blah   
"1 hour left, then i'm sleeping for a week   "
my sleep pattern is so messed up now
it's almost over    hurry up time!!!
   hmm    
16 days!
"tomorrow's pay day, and one more day down    !!!"
wow it's cold outside   14 days!!!
grrr   mommys    13 days!!!!!
"god, my back really hurts    "
"lonely, i'm so lonely, i got nobody    "
headache won't go away
pooh
that was a fast weekend   
1 week!!!!
"omg, i so can't wait! why is it alway the last week that drags by so damn slow?!"
busy day today   may end up staying later than usual for work   
"for some reason, i feel exhausted   blah"
i gotta a feelin'    
   sigh   blah
this snow needs to stop until wednesday night    
yay   more sunflower seeds
blasted wind!!!
omg   i can't wait for wednesday!!!!!!
he's finally on his way!!!
he's here! at last! god it's so good to be with him again
finally got housing and we can really settle down now for the next few years   sure about time
"a foot and a half of snow    mmm, i'd say that's about enough    smile "
the feild    oh yay    
"night shift really sucks in the field   people are always coming and going so there is always a bunch of noise you have to deal with   in the end, the lack of sleep catches up to you   "
finally got to go to trier  it was fun and i'm tired     lol
so it's definately official now  21 weeks later  we're having a girl 
my baby won't stop kicking the living day lights out of my organs    
"so, now that we know what we are having we made out gift registery at target public   hint hint, wink wink   "
"feeling forgotten, alone, and pregnant  what an awesome combo  sometimes i swear the meds don't do their job "
so pregnancy has its perks  eight hour work days which means i get out of most of the formations the army decides to throw at us after 1400  7 more weeks till <propfirst> is hopefully here  boy these last two months are dragging by!
<propfirst> is finally in the head down position and the contractions are more frequent and definately more painful  hopefully the means that she will be here soon  preferably in a week or two  i'm done with this prego thing 
"she is finally here! though it hurt like hell, yes it was worth "
we finally have our car!
ahhh! babies really wear you out  she's finally asleep  for now 
"waiting to go back to bed   she's fighting it again, but her eyes are half shut   "
"i've never been one for kids, but i guess when it's your own it's different  despite what seems like never-ending crying and sleepless nights, i'm definately thankful i had her  she has given me a whole new outlook on life in general  maybe i needed that "
"ok   hurt, dissappointed, upset    wiped out  i feel like a single parent more than the married kind   "
thinking too much again   can i have a brain transplant?
"well, a boring shift of brigade staff duty  of all people, why pic the one with an infant at home to pull the 24 hour bs  i feel horrible for leaving my hubby with her all day and night today and most of the day tomorrow while i sleep  she can be a handful  on the brighter side, she looks adorable right now gripping her bottle as if she's the one holding it "
on staff duty   how fun  than home to watch the baby and wait for the hubby to come home with the dog so i can get some shut eye  than fishing on thursday  that should be fun   then here again   every three days until i'm told otherwise   
"here we go again   same crap, different day   "
oh   my poor lizard   
3 more hours   now time is really dragging
watching my daughter stare in wonder at the toy in front of her on her tummy mat  it's moments like these you remember forever 
i hate this shit   bad night  what is wrong with picking someone who has no life to pull these rediculeous shifts  i got shit i'd like to do some time before i die 
listening to nightwish the band  not a bad band
long night   sleep is definately calling right now   
this redbull isn't doing it's advertised job    i'm screwed
staff duty    again    what a surprise  at least it's the weekend so it's pretty quiet and laid back 
"castle, you are a lifesaver    "
can the day go any slower? i need something to drink
"other than bordom, this gig is ok i guess  not something i want to do for too much longer though"
3 more hours   yay
my wonderful husband and i have been married two years today  i can't believe how quickly time has gone by and how much has happened since then  i have an amazing life with this man and we have been blessed with an amazing daughter 
"babies are a handful, but when they're teething, they're more than that  but no matter what, they're still adorable and worth all the trouble "
it's a beautiful day outside and i'm stuck behind a desk all day long   
long stinkin day  all i want to do now is go home and cuddle with the hubby on the couch   2 hours to go   sigh
i have resorted to watching daria   what is happening to me   ???
"<propfemale>'s and pizza, just what the doc ordered  now to figure out munchkin's problem   "
so my daughter finally discovered just how nummy clean toes after bath time taste 
"sometimes, my brain just needs to be removed   too much going on inside   "
"well, my ass is going to afghanistan in a few weeks  just in time for the heat   "
feeling somewhat deppressed right now   sigh
went fishing today with the hubby  caught a fish   finally   but i really enjoyed just spending the day with him above all  it's hard to get the alone time with just the two of us now days  love you babe
"5 smile 0 monday morning, i hate you more than usual today  you came 4 hours too early "
"well, my lovely pos pink gay laptop finally hit the dust  it's a good thing we got the hp when we did  now for a new one to take down range with me  fun"
"well, <propfirst> woke up and i changed the diaper, fed her, and now she is babbling to herself while filling a once clean diaper again    oh babies   "
spent the last two days fishing with the family  it was <propfirst>'s first time really being outside for an extended period of time  that baby loves the outdoors 
this really sucks     sad 
i am never living in the middleeast    ever
"sadness, the hubby isn't on    tears"
it's raining  i'm not sure if that's a good thing or not down here  
feeling really homesick right now  sad 
"wow, stable internet    what a miracle   "
"flight got cancelled, again  supposed to fly out some time at o'dark stupid  and the internet is being stupid, so blah  gonna be a long night"
i will never live in this country by will
saw my first sandstorm  let's just say that you don't want to be out in it when it arrives   
finally where i'm supposed to be    
this heat is killing me and it's not even that hot for this country    
finally doing my real job  yay
waiting for the highlight of my day to get on   
cls class   can it get any more boring   ?
"went for pretty much my first run since having morgan   it felt good, but i've got some work ahead of me   "
i have the greatest husband in the world!! i love you babe!!!!
"every morning we wake up, it's ten degrees hotter than the day before  how do they live down here   "
"night shifts   out here, i'd prefer that over the day  the sun is down and i'm not sweating like a pig"
stupid stupid internet  why do you have to be so unstable   
waiting and hoping that my better half gets on
blah   long boring night
bout to watch the back of my eyelids to pass the time   
"yay, my internet is up and running  slowly, but it's running"
blah    
sigh   and another day in the desert   
"yay, range tomorrow   finally getting outside the wire"
internet's tempermental mood tonight is really annoying me   
"one more day down, sitll too many to go   "
i've been gone a month but it feels like a year   tears
talking to the hubby and watching a movie   
"i can't wait to get home even though it's still forever away  i can't wait to see my baby girl and the greatest man on earth, even the animals   i know, you miss the canned food   "
it's a blah day   
"so, can i go home now???"
somebody mixed my medicine   don't know what i'm on   only nutjobs join a force and i guess i'm one of them
"skype, you are slowly becoming my enemy  hurry up and fix the attitude   "
i think i'm hearing things
"so, it was a rough day only because of the 112 degrees outside, but the evening was quite pleasant considering where i'm at  chilling on the lumpy bed, talking with the man i love  now to get home   "
blah   
"so, i slammed my middle finger with a hammer, now it's been throbbing since then"
i'm done with this heat
"blah, i hate nights now"
"bored, need someone to talk to   "
i want to see my baby sad 
waiting for him to get on   
