a3829a885ff80007b3cdff3fae829ec8
can't wait til august! leavin stl n goin to l a !  smile 
 love 's the 10 for a $1 sale on koolaid at schnucks  smile 
august need to come   it borin here in da <propfirst>    can't wait to leave! l a  here i come!  smile 
"dnt wana work 2moro, but at least i get paid extra  smile "
"u never quit on ur music no matter wat happens bc anytime sumtin happens to u, that da one place u can escape to & just let it go  smile "
listenin to drake   he go hard n can spit  n hella cute= my new fav artist   smile 
"4get the bros, hoes will always have ur back   smile "
40 hrs of work this week + spendin all this week wit my dad  = crazy akward week sad 
the 10th need to hurry up n get here   idk how much longer i can last in da <propfirst>! l a  i ready for ya!  smile 
dnt wana work tonite  
"wish she was not here, but sum place over ther  wher ther is no drama n it aint borin"
"if i only got 1 shot to win u, then call me <propfirst> 4th quarter in 92 "
feel like blah~i hate colds!    sad 
r i p  <propfirst> swayze
"happy bday to me, finally 20!"
wats in my pocket dawg? big face 100s
happy new year everyone! ily baby love 
got skool 2moro  wish i cud go to da madi gras parade  sad 
"anyone lookin to buy any makeup,skincare,perfume,shoes,clothes,jewelry,etc at a great price? *visit my website youravon com khinrichs to order!"
goin 2 iowa tomoro 4 peels salon show   smile 
we broke the world record 4 worlds largest handson workshop! i'm glad i was a model cuz my name goin in guinness book world records  smile 
"no skool 2day, finna go shoppin   smile "
gota get my teeth worked on tomoro  hope it not b alot of pain 
this sux   its hard to eat cuz of this tooth  sad 
"this weather makin me sleepy, the sun need to come bac"
i wish this cold wud go away  sad 
at the crib on a sat nite sux
"*tired of this bs @ skool, one day someone goin 2 c my badside*"
sumtimes i wish things cud b alot easier
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood   gud old mr rogers
i wish the fashion show 2nite @ moonrise hotel wasn't cancelled  sad 
just came bac from da loop with her baby  the new <propmale> n cheese restarant is gud  smile 
<propmale> ochocinco n <propfirst> owens can b on my bracket any day  lol
*missin her baby*  love 
t o  mite get signed wit the rams?  love 
bout to go hard n da paint
bout to go crash  got skool 2moro
"sumtimes u get worried bout the truth of something all bc of fam but, thers no reason to bc in da end they  love  u no matter wat "
"i wish i cud move out of this house, pl got me overly stressed  sad "
chillin' wit my sexy ass man k  draggs
bout to go eat sum chicken wit my baby  smile 
3 more weeks left of skool   smile 
bout to go chill wit my man  love 
 love  u boo  happy 1 yr 
i hope my baby feels better n tyla gets out the hospital
hope <propfirst> get better   hope tyla's surgery goes gud   love 
i like it on the kitchen counter
1 day til i'm 21! can't wait to go to como fri  trops here i come!  smile 
"time to say ah its my bday, bout to lose my mind "
"its my bday, 21!"
out wit the fam drinking at a bar
thanx everyone for the bday wishes
i hate when u eat taco <propfemale> n feel like shit afterwards
im officially done with cosmetology school  smile 
"im glad this election over, no more annoying calls  smile "
"\the self-confidence one builds from achieving difficult things n accomplishing goals is the most beautiful thing of all \"""""
"t n u can see forever \"",2010-11-04 06 surprise 4:26""",a3829a885ff80007b3cdff3fae829ec8,i got a interview @ beauty first  smile 
why wassup?
ask me any question n i will answer
i hate when u try to make someone happy n in the end they still negative
at home makin ravioli from scratch the italian way   with friends
"hope every1 hav a good thanxgivin  thank u lord for blessin me with everything i have  yea the food may be good, but think about the pl who r less fortunate n realize how lucky u r "
 sad 
makin my papa a b-day cake
u can't blame gravity for falling in love
love is blind only to the eyes  the heart sees everything clearly 
eating sum ihop  smile 
makin xmas <propfemale>  smile 
sometimes when pl don't understand ur relationship with someone u hav to stand up for that someone bc u love them 
i got a interview@ jai transforme salon tomorow  smile 
 smile 
committed won!  smile 
yellow bottle sippin yellow lamborghini yellow top missin yea yea thats shit look like a toupee i get wat u get in 10 years in 2 days  bitch look @ me now 
sometimes i wish that life wud b easy n since its not thats wat makes it interesting n worth living
i passed my boards !  smile 
"i can't wait til tomorrow, it's <propfirst> draggs' birthday  love "
love in your heart wasn't put there to stay  love isn't love til you give it away 
drinkin some trops
"we come to love not by finding a perfect person, but learning to see an imperfect person perfectly  love "
