0786855c7d247776f046b4414b875a5e
"is going out to lunch for <propfirst>'s birthday, then relaxing the rest of the day "
put up pictures of the house!! check em out!
"is feeling much better! house is all clean and shined up, not to get myself all clean and shined up so i can go out tonight and celebrate the end of work-a-holic-ism!!!!  laugh "
is enjoying a relaxing weekend with her <propfemale>   
is really irritiated that she can't figure out how to upload photos to this stupid website without creating a whole new album   facebook used to be so much simpler!!!
had a wonderful weekend and wishes it wasn't over   sleeping off and on all day to prepare for her first night shift in months   ugh 
is being incredibly lazy today   and its glorious!
is freezing her butt off!!  what is up with this cold weather?!
"is really, really distractable today   ohhh shiny   "
is going on a motorcycle ride with her <propfemale> and the inlaws!!
had a great weekend with the family in town!! now to relax before returning to work tomorrow   
is irritated that the facebook photo uploaded won't work   how can she add photos from alcoholic milkshake night?!?!
is all tuckered out   
is glad to be home with her puppy and her <propfemale>!  smile 
is attempting to get some things done on her day off   
is hoping work doesn't suck tonight!
"is home from work and off to bed, doing it all over again tonight!"
is wondering why facebook is acting all ridiculous here lately    
is ready to get some sleep!
"is determined to actually get something done today!!  so i should really get off facebook, huh??  playful "
will be married to the most wonderful man in the world in exactly 6 months    smile 
"is off to the doctors, then the gym, then maybe a few errands   then enjoying her day off!!"
is happy to be home from the career fair  what an e playful erience!  making dinner and relaxing a bit   back to the grind tomorrow   
is liking this relaxation thing   
"is going for a run on this pretty, pretty day    smile "
spends way too much time on this dang website     playful 
had a great lunch with her sis!!  smile   now home to have dinner and relax with future hubby    
is working again tonight   this whole work thing would be much more fun if they paid me to stay home!!  playful 
"is getting ready for work   gotta get through tonight, then two days off!"
is working night shift   blahhhh   c'mon weekend!
is a bit behind on her to-do list since she spent an hour and a half in freakin' lowes trying to pick up her carpet (and get it to fit into her car)   its looking like sleep will be optional today   
had a great day out with the girls and her manly deer killer food bringer got a doe! who could ask for more??  smile  relaxing   
"has her house all decorated for christmas and her <propfemale> is taking her to get the tree tomorrow (today, now)!!  'tis the season!   smile "
r i p  uncle mike   you will be missed 
has a splitting headache  off to bed early again tonight 
has a long to-do list today!! gonna get some relaxation time in there too    
"is watching a show about the hautings of the conneaut lake hotel   ooga booga, ooga booga!"
is going through crackberry withdrawl!! the battery is dead and it won't take a charge!  ohh nooo what am i going to do?! i have to use the computer like normal people!!!  yikes!
is enjoying her days off!
"had a great weekend with the family in jtown! now to unload, unpack, and relax    smile "
"should upload christmas pictures    eh, one of these days    playful "
finally got around to uploading christmas pics   dang that took forever!
is working up the motivation to get something done today!  meeting with pastor <propmale> about the wedding later tonight   
is enjoying a lazy day
is still feeling pretty poo-ish   going to try and get some sleep 
"coughed half the night, but somehow feels slightly better today   off to run some errands and attempt the gym   "
is convinced facebook is the devil  its no wonder she never gets anything done!
"is doing her <propfemale>'s registry online (since the store was stupid today), then trying to find ways to stay awake most of the night  woo!    peanubutterjellytime    "
doesn't want to go to work tonight   c'mon 530 friday morning!
"has been up for over 24 hours  time to get some sleep, yes?"
just ordered her wedding invitations!  3 months and 1 day to go!!!!!!!
go to urbandictionary com and type your first name then post the first definition (not just your favorite!) on your status update  here is what mine says: a person who is very hot and has the greatest personality ever! in hebrew <propfemale> means <propfemale>  there for you should treat her as if she was one! <propfemale> is also a very irresistable person   (heck yeah!)
is hoping we don't get the 12-18 inches of snow they're calling for this weekend!  i don't want to get snowed in at work!!!
got her wedding invitations today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *jumps up and down a little*
is finally home! and is incredibly thankful for <propfirst> shoveling her walks and for whichever random neighbor showed up with a snowblower to do the driveway!  i know some of the best people ever    can't wait to see <propfirst> tonight!
"is getting her hairs did, then is off to the gym to run a few miles climb a few steps  then who knows   "
is workin' night shift tonight   looks like this snow is going to miss us   woohoo!
just booked tickets for her and <propfemale> to see <propmale> matthews band and the zac brown band in hershey on july 9th!! *squee*
is being serious   seriously    playful 
"\boots are made for sawdust floors stirrups on a quarterhorse to kick yourself when ya been a fool climbin' up on barstools two-steppin' under neon lights ain't too bad in a barroom fight and kickin' open swingin' doors that's what boots are for   \"""""
"i love a rainy night i love a rainy night i love to hear the thunder watch the lightning when it lights up the sky you know it makes me feel good well, i love a rainy night it's such a beautiful sight i love to feel the rain on my face to taste the rain on my lips in the moonlight shadows puts a song in this heart of mine puts a smile on my face every time 'cos i love a rainy night"
motorcycle ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
"\so i wanna say thank you 'cause it makes me that much stronger makes me work a little bit harder it makes me that much wiser so thanks for making me a fighter made me learn a little bit faster made my skin a little bit thicker makes me that much smarter so thanks for making me a fighter\"""""
"had a wonderful weekend with the family in town, complete with a wondeful bridal shower thrown by a wonderful soon to be sister-in-law!  it was a great weekend all around    smile "
is enjoying her day doing various things that do not involve having to be at work!!
will be mrs  <propfirst> greenawalt in one month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is making electricity on this easter sunday so you all can cook your easter dinners   playful  happy <propfemale> day everyone!!
is running various errands and trying to soak up some of this glorious sunshine!!
"\i've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane nobody knows if it's something to bless or to blame so far i ain't found a rhyme or a reason to change i've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane\"""""
"is off to her *final* wedding dress fitting, then meeting with our new cake baker, then maybe a short motorcycle ride!  smile "
wants to go outside and play   sad 
"found--and bought--the gun she's been looking for today!!!  laugh  (yes, <propfirst> created a monster! haha)"
"is off to the courthouse with her <propfemale> to get our marriage liscence and concealed <propfemale> permits (no corrilation, really!!), then its off to pittsburgh to begin the weekend of bachelorette party mayhem!  laugh "
survived a fantastic bachelorette weekend planned by a fantastic cousin with only a few bumps and bruises to show for it! (sorry mom!  playful ) thanks to everyone for making it awesome!
is up wayyy too early considering she works night shift tonight   might as well make the best of it and head off to the gym!
is making some electricity 
needs more hours in the day! 17 days to go and so much to do!!!
"is on the go, go, go!!"
really doesn't want to go to work tonight  but   6 more work days then vacation for the wedding  15 days until the wedding!  laugh 
will be mrs  <propfirst> greenawalt in two weeks!!!
"\maybe you are going to kung fu me in the head and steal my car\"""""
is headed to work where she's sure things will be bombin'   to the <propmale>!
"is taking what basically amounts to a nap, then going to the gym and running some errands  12 days!! (mom-8 days-hurry up! lol)"
"is off to try on her wedding gown one last time, then buying various last minute wedding stuff  eleven days!"
has worn a permanent butt-groove into her office chair  this wedding stuff is getting tiring! 10 days!!!
"so, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce,  and <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time  <propfirst>  <propfirst> and tiger woods are, well    you know    even newt gingrich is on  his 3rd marriage  yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to  destroy the institution of marriage? really?!? feel free to copy and  paste if you agree!"
"picked up her new gun today!!! shooting it tomorrow, but running various errands with her <propfemale> tonight! 8 more days!!"
"willbe mrs  <propfirst> greenawalt in one week!!  can't wait!! (ps-yes, i'm excited  no, i'm not nervous   and nope, not stressed either!  playful )"
"six days! cleaning and organizing and dreading going to work tomorrow  you know, the typical sunday afternoon stuff!  playful "
"the final head count is in  the seating chart is done and place cards are made  the library room is overflowing with wedding stuff the house is clean and ready for guests  bring it on may 1st, we're ready!!  smile "
"is 4 days out from the wedding and wonders why people are being so damn difficult  oh well, its our day and a bride, groom, and preacher are all we really need  thank goodness mom comes today!!!!!"
three days to go!!!  laugh 
"its three days away and   we're done   everything is done  my to-do list is crumpled up in the trash can  it really, truely all came together!  yay!!  can't wait for saturday!!!  laugh "
"is getting married tomorrow!! busy, busy day today   "
is off to rehearsal   we'll be standing at the alter in 27 hours!!  laugh 
"can't talk now, busy getting married today!!  laugh "
had a wonderful wedding and is now officially mrs  <propfemale> greenawalt! thanks to everyone who came and helped make our day special and many thanks for all the well wishes!
is never leaving north <propfemale> 
said goodbye to the ocean this morning and saw a dolphin jump  not a bad way to end a great week at the obx 
"is home, cold, and wants to go back to north <propfemale>!  but it was an absolutely wonderful trip while it lasted!  smile "
"is wishing all the moms out there a very happy mothers day, but is sending many more happy wishes to her own mom, who is pretty much the best ever    smile "
is running errands with her hubby!  smile 
"is going to the gym for a while, and then if off to officially become <propfemale> greenawalt!"
is <propfemale> greenawalt in the eyes of penndot  yay for typos!! i know where i'm going back to tomorrow   
"is off to the gym again, then running some errands and hopefully getting the correct name on my driver's license   soooooo excited to stand in that line again!!!"
"finally uploaded some wedding and reception photos! there's tons more to come after i upload ones our photographer took, but   enjoy!"
is dreading going back to work tonight (on a friday to boot!) after 16 glorious days off!!  sad 
"is going to steal one from hobbs today   do te do te do   yup, that's all i've got "
"can't really seem to get moving today   and isn't very excited for work tonight!  oh well, last one, then two off!"
is sslllleeeepppiiinnngggg!! then going to the gym and grocery store and who knows what else!  smile 
is tired of the weather always being crappy on her days off!!
wishes she were an <propfirst> meyer wiener 
"its my weekend off! and what, oh yeah   its supposed to rain the entire time   awesome "
"and her hubby just played wii for like 4 hours  yup, we're officially those people  haha "
is enjoying a relaxing sunday   
hey so there's a parade in front of our house today! and a 21 gun salute at the cemetery! who knew?!
is so glad its monday  *sarcasm*
"hi ho, hi ho, its back to brunner island i go  yippee!!"
it sex and the city 2 day!!!! wooooohhhooooo!!!  laugh 
is on a date with mineca  satc2 baby!!
had a great night out last night--satc2 was fantastic!! now its off to work for the weekend   
   chasin' parked car dog   
"happy memorial day everyone, and thank you to everyone that serves has served in the military  its a beautiful day and i'm off work   motorcycle ride!!  laugh "
is heading to philly to get her picture taken as a 1950's pin up girl!  laugh 
"sleep went too quickly, now today will probably drag out forever  oh well, off to brunner island i go!"
"had a fantastic workout tonight   i think i finally got my groove back! off to bed, up early to do it all again tomorrow   "
"its my friday!! work, gym, weekend!!  laugh "
weekend!!!!!
is very thankful for stragetically placed biker bars that get us out of a rain storm!!
is now *two books* away from having the complete hardy boys collection!!  laugh 
loves the sisterhood   just don't wake the baby grapes!!  playful 
"what a great sunday filled with prepping the mud room for paint, relaxation, walks with the pooch, and now steaks on the grill!  smile "
"just applied primer to her mud room with nothing but a 6 inch roller  why yes, there were many curse words! thanks for asking!"
"i just came home from work, was in and out of the front door twice, unloaded the dishwasher, and did various other stomping around and the dog never woke up  but if the cat moves in the middle of the night he barks like its a massive home invasion  way to be, wonder putz   "
"just put my jeans in the washer with the belt still attached  yup, its time for bed  (and maybe a new belt   )"
"overslept   painting the mud room till the hubby gets home, then wing night at knutes!  smile "
"my mudroom is going to look fantastic!  laugh    bed time, working o t tonight!  sometimes, greed overrules common sense   haha "
worked for double time last night then took the pup for a peaceful walk this morning while the rest of the world was still waking up  life is good   smile 
"\got me a job in the city   workin' for the man every night and day   \"""""
there is a dead bird in the grill of my car  this does not please me 
is really not amused by the thought of going into work tonight  *yawn*
slept a lot today   and it was good 
is finally done painting her mud room! hopefully putting down the floor tonight then all that's left is the new light fixtures and trim!  laugh 
is ready for the weekend 
actually made it to the gym after work this morning   its the small victories    playful 
"is super sleepy and not feeling this whole work thing tonight   oh well, its my friday!"
"its amazing the things you think about (and the catch phrases you come up with) when you're working night shift   oh well, sleep then the weekend begins!"
"has an extra ticket for the most impossible concert to find someone to go to, <propmale> matthews band  hershey, july 9  anyone wanna go?? anyone??"
and her hubby took a bike ride to wilpo today  ohhhh the memories that were made in that town!! anyone remember super <propmale>??
stupid hawaii    sad 
"happy fathers day to all the dads out there, and happy un-fathers day to those that choose that route   smile "
omgwtfbbq?!
"\its a great day to be alive i know the suns still shinin' when i close my eyes   \"""""
*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdeskheaddeskheaddesk* *bounces off wall* *headdesk*
"\oh but i'm   pretty good at drinkin' beer \"""""
double time > sleep  :-b
2+2=chicken 
<propfirst> is on a plane headed home from hawaii  he should land in baltimore around 630am   please say a prayer for safe and hassle free travels!  smile 
"<propfirst> is home!  laugh     and in another 8ish hours, ill actually get to see him!  playful "
"some super exciting powdex training till noon, then off to the gym!  smile "
what a gorgeous day!  smile 
j-town for the weekend!!  laugh  happy 4th everyone!!
"the weekend was a success! 550 <propmale> on the bike, wings from the lube, the deer park, a great picnic w  the family, fireworks on the lake, <propmale>'s frozen custard, and fireworks in our own backyard when we got home!  laugh  life is good "
so sleepy!
is so glad that tonight's activities simply involve going from her air conditioned house to her air conditioned car to her air conditioned concrete paradise at work! playful 
"wishes she had a good excuse to call off work tonight! oh well, just gotta get through tonight then off for two!"
is having a lot of trouble getting motivated to do anything productive today   
"qotd-adam (seeing billboard for the herhsey spa): \a chocolate facial   how would you not eat yourself?!\"""""
"if you don't have depth perception, don't go see a 3d movie  it still looks flat   sad "
"newburg rural life festival (<propfirst> said they should just call it a life festival, since its already rural) followed by gettysburg bike week!  laugh "
"night shift  boo! butttt at least its only for one night, then two off!"
"just picked out her pin up photos, done by <propfemale> giuliano photography !! should have them in 3-4 weeks!!  fantastic!  laugh "
"being productive for a while (new screen door gets installed today!!!), then taking a nap and working night shift   exciting!"
"today is good for two reasons  1--its my friday   2--its the end of another string of night shifts   now, if only i didn't feel like poo   "
is off to meet @mineca amsler at the hauser estate winery for <propfirst> buffet night   and some apple juice of course!
"well, the rain ruined those plans  off to dinner in gettysburg instead!"
dirt track!!
motorcycle ride!  laugh 
weekends are way too short 
ohhh it is definitely a monday 
i think my get up and go just got up and went 
"is settling in at the garage while they make sure her car isn't about to spontaneously combust, then off to the gym "
"i got checked out by a cute boy at the grocery store today  i caught him looking   unfortunately for him, so did his woman   playful \\anyway, off to wing night at knutes with my <propfemale>!"
i love days off   smile 
it is too friggin' early   you know the drill   work then the gym   *yawn*
"*yawn* *stretch* oh look, another day off!! i love only working 13 days a month   laugh "
"ugh  it is too dang early! off to work, then to <propmale> and <propfemale>'s for a bit "
"is chillin' like a villain on penicillin, thanks a million!    \\    wait, what???"
just found a mcdonalds where the happy meal still comes in a box!!!
pin up photos are up!!  laugh 
"ugh, morning already?! work then wing night with my <propfemale>  *yawns*"
"throwing up is not a good way to start your day  back to bed  and yes, yay for facebook oversharing "
inner harbor with my <propfemale>!  smile 
had a wonderful couple of days in inner harbor!   smile 
"hitting up the gym for a while, then night shift   oh the joys!  but i can see the light    east coast sturgis in 8 days!!!!!!!!!!!  wo0t!"
"made it home in one piece, thank goodness for caffeine  bed time, then work again tonight  oh night shift, how i loathe thee   "
"wow, thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes!!  chillin' out a bit, then off to see o a r with <propmale> kozacheson!  happy birthday to meeeeeee!!  laugh "
"thank you again everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes! it was a good day, even though the concert got rained out  ps-my husband is the best, ever!  laugh "
"has a \to-do\"" list for today that's a mile long   and doesn't feel like doing any of it!  playful """
"working night shift fri-sat-sun-mon   sucky, but that's ok--tuesday we leave for eastcoast sturgis!! <propfemale> ready for some camping, relaxation   and the road kill cafe!"
how did i manage to get a head cold in august?!  ugh  holding down the couch for the day     annoyed 
is off to the doctor to try to get something to ditch this cold   and quick like!
"finally feeling better! i'm fully armed with antibiotics, so east coast sturgis here we come!  laugh "
had a fantastic week at east coast sturgis! its too bad it had to end   but it is certainly nice to be home!
"just ordered <propfirst> his replacement wedding ring  oh east coast sturgis, how i love thee    "
first day back to work after over a week off and its a 13 hour day  ugghhhh   
"its my \friday!\""  smile """
i need a very large stick 
"at\ the age of 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom \doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16 annoyed  mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does \know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i \wonder what mom thinks about this?    at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world!"
"is feeling inspired  once a band geek, always a band geek   "
today is going to be one of those days isn't it?!  annoyed 
shhhhh   baby grapes are sleeping!
what a beautiful day! relaxing a bit then off to see the lovely <propfemale> <propmale> become mrs  <propfirst> senft!  smile 
its sunday and the weather is beautiful   can you say motorcycle ride?!  laugh 
doesn't have a witty update for today   the prospect of night shift tonight has sucked all of the witty right out of her!
"hey look, its the endless tuesday! night shift, gym, doctor's appt, grocery store, then finally home  *yawn"
just learned that she shouldn't be allowed to go to the grocery store unattended when half asleep  apparently people find it odd when you sing the <propfemale> banana song to the bananas   
is so dang frustrated!! nothing is ever simple   
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming   "
a good long run is good for the soul   
"stolen from @<propfemale> denniston: \i would like to wish all the moms out there a happy labor day weekend!!! what?    that's not what that means?\""     playful """
making some megawatts tonight   holiday pay and i get to leave my little concrete paradise! woooohhhoooo!
thank goodness for puppy cuddles 
"just keep swimming  just keep swimming  just keep swimming, swimming, swimming  what do we do? we swim!"
"is off to j-town for the weekend   family, fair food, truck pulls, and alcohol   bring it on!!!  laugh "
i love engine noise 
9 11   never forget  i still remember where i was when i heard the news  thank you to all those that served and continue to serve in the armed forces to protect our country and our freedoms 
"is home from a great weekend in j-town   had a great time with the family and got my fill of deep fried goodness, pizza slices as big as my head, and engine noise!"
she slopped her dripper!
"is on the go, go, go! today   wait, so what else is new?!"
is absolutely terrified of those giant black crickets!!!! *shudders*
kashmir!!!!  laugh 
"\you don't stop playing because you get old   you get old because you stop playing \"""""
has her arm in a nice pretty sling now  thank you <propmale> the wonder dog   he's lucky he's so cute!
"doctors appointment, various errands, then who knows   hopefully the gym "
to the <propmale>!
oh what a night!
"gym, nap, night shift   rinse and repeat   woo!"
is wondering why her windshield wipers don't have a setting between 'not quite fast enough' and 'spastic'   ?
my ipod has a mind of its own   and it's smarter than me 
"yay for the never-ending tuesday! (yes, i know its wednesday now   note the \never-ending\"" part   )"""
is sooooo lazy today! dang rain!
is thoroughly disgusted with the endless waiting process doctors offices seem to like to put you through  ugh!
wonders why people insist on spewing their drama out all over facebook   my poor news feed can't take it any more! *facepalm*
wants an el camino for christmas 
"\i've always been crazy but its kept me from going insane   \"""""
is excited for a new hair color this afternoon and my return to band geek-dom tonight!!  smile 
"\courage is grace under pressure\"" ~ernest hemingway"""
"\keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself \"" -<propfemale> ball"""
's dog just barked at-and then tried to run away from-his own shadow  *facepalm*
someday i will learn that the guards at work don't care that i have ez pass   they're much more interested in seeing my badge 
"ehhhh sleep is overrated anyway, right?!"
the bad news: got stung by a <propfemale> on our motorcycle ride today  <propfemale> stings at 65 mph hurt! the good news: i don't appear to be allergic any more! woot!
"dearest monday: you can suck it  no love, <propfemale> "
420am--leaving the house  estimated time of return--10pm  tuesdays are awesome 
\curiosity must be kept alive  one must never, for \0786855c7d247776f046b4414b875a5e,"if you have a dog who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, forgiven your faults and loved you anyway, then make this your status  fur-kids are a gift most of us don't deserve  repost if you have an amazing animal companion child   "
keepin' it classy at the cancun cantina!
"relaxing a bit, then off to the wedding of <propfemale> steen and <propfirst> french!  love "
is a member of the 'workin' on a sunday' club   
just dropped-and broke-my favorite travel coffee mug because i forgot i was holding it  fail 
is lovin' life!  smile 
last night i dropped and broke the mug i forgot i was holding  tonight i turned on the microwave but forgot to put the vegetables in  what's next?? haha
just completed her collection of hardy boys books!!!  laugh 
"\i don't know who sings it i keep searchin' the radio i just wanna hear it so i can watch that video i got in my head of a blue-eyed boy dancin' in the bed of a two-tone ford oh lord is it love i just can't say but i've had that song in my head all day   \"""""
ugggggghhhhhhhh     yeah i think that about sums it up 
"is off to a scary little dive bar to see back in black  let's hope nobody, you know, dies "
"back in back was fantastic! my ears are ringing, i won't be able to hear for a week, and nobody died  guess it was a good night!"
"pancakes, pig parts, antiques, and a date night with the hubby  i think it'll be a good day!  smile "
i couldn't find anything i wanted at the antique store   so i bought a new gun instead   laugh 
"an acdc tribute band last night, a bluegrass band tonight  how's that for random?"
"\don't compromise yourself   you're all you've got \""  -<propfemale> joplin"""
"\a smile is an ine playful ensive way to improve your looks \"" ~andy rooney"""
optimism [op-tuh-miz-uhm] (noun): 1  a disposition or tendency to look on the more favorable side of events or conditions and to e playful ect the most favorable outcome 
*dances a happy little dance*
"\as long as you can laugh at yourself you will never cease to be amused \"" -anonymous"""
is soooo not feeling this whole work thing tonight  definitely not to the <propmale>   
hey mother nature   how about you turn the heat back on? kthnxbye 
"just watched someone drive around the gates at the train tracks by work, even though a train was quite obviously coming  natural selection at its best folks   "
voted!  goodbye and good riddance <propmale> rendell!  hello medical marijuana?? i'm curious to hear the results of that!
"cannot seem to get enough sleep lately  oh well, night shift it is!"
ohhhh cold and rainy  way to keep it awesome mother nature 
*happy happy dance*
*twitch*
is prepping the house for the greenawalt family invasion later this afternoon  happy birthday <propmale>!
is worn out! ready to go back to work tomorrow so i can get a break!  playful 
ohhhh monday   bite me 
"hey look, it's endless tuesday! 13 hours at work, hour drive, and straight to band practice  (let's hope no one brings their 2 year old this week!) concert in five days!  laugh "
"watching \wwii in hd\"" on the history channel  wow   that's all i can really say """
happy veterans day! thank you to all those who have served in the past and to those who still serve today 
its shake-n-bake and i helped!!!
bad grammar hurts my head 
*cue foot kicking and twitching   now!*
"getting ready for my first concert with the shippensburg community band! shippensburg middle school auditorium at 230, come watch!  smile "
"you know, i've got it pretty good   smile "
"it is really, really hard to paint your nails when you have the hiccups "
is off to the williamson free school of mechanical trades to bat her eye lashes at young men in hopes of convincing them to come work for ppl   
it's friday   smile 
"\i have one <propmale> piece of advice for you-do not compare your co-workers to strippers \"""""
my family comes today!!!!  laugh 
"girls day out! look out <propmale> of prussia, here we come!!!"
had a lovely weekend with the family   now for a nice relaxing sunday!  smile 
"a little bit of this, a little bit of that, followed by night shift   blech!"
"hates fog, new jersey drivers, and the combination of the two "
sputnik is coming!!!!!
"note to self: when mixing up a home remedy made from <propfemale> and cinnamon, be sure to grab the cinnamon from the spice cabinet  not the cumin  the two yield very different results "
"happy thanksgiving everyone!! i have plenty of things to be thankful for this year   a great family, great friends, a good job   and pumpkin pie!  smile "
had a great thanksgiving with the greenawalt family   now off to bed so hubby and i can go to lowes at 5am!!
"yes, its 5am  yes, we're on our way to lowes  yes, there's something very seriously wrong with us "
"\a woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water \""  -<propfemale> <propfemale>"""
this whole night shift thing is highly overrated 
good luck to all of the hunters heading out today! hope you all stay safe and get 'the big one'  i'm hoping my hubby shoots a 30 point!  playful 
"this weather is killing my motivation to do anything but sit in front of the fireplace  sunshine, come back!!"
just completely failed at making instant mashed potatoes  that takes skill 
i love the fact that if my gps is on when i arrive at work it shows me driving into-and then parking in-the susqeuhanna river 
to the <propmale>!!
has been awake for 24 hours  it's time for a nap 
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal      \ to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight\ against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your \friends to do the same! or don't  but i am "
"is off to play a christmas concert with the shippensburg community band at st  <propfirst> um church in chambersburg  you should come! yes, you!  smile "
is ready for spring 
gets oddly excited when her happy meal comes in a box instead of a bag  it's the small things in life   smile 
ohhhh somebody please make the number game stop!!
"\one pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small and the ones that mother gives you don't do anything at all  go ask <propfemale> when she's ten feet tall   \"""""
off to the gun show in harrisburg to see what we can see  <propfirst> and i are both going   our poor checking account!
"christmas concert at messiah um church in shippensburg at 230  you should come!! yes, really, you!  smile "
insert witty and entertaining status update here: _________________
absolutely despises winter and all things winter related!
"\oh i wish i were an <propfirst> mayer wiener that is what i'd truly like to be 'cause if i were an <propfirst> mayer wiener everyone would be in love with me!\"""""
"really wishes the nitwits that work at the gym wouldn't insist on playing the crappiest music they can find at a volumn so damn loud her ipod can't even drown it out    (@<propfirst> giannini and @<propfirst> miller, you are not included with the above referenced nitwits!)"
is headed up to williamsport to do some flute shopping and to visit some great people   smile 
"cleaning and baking, cleaning and baking   call me <propfemale> homecky!! ha   right "
christmas with the greenawalts   
"\i need to have you baby i'm lost without your taste and you're my drug my lifetime craving you're my bad habit baby you're my bad habit baby oh you're my cigarette even better you're my chocolate a straight shot to the head oh i don't wanna be i don't wanna be rid of you baby all i need a fix or two and it's gotta be you you're my you're my you're my you're my bad habit baby   \"" \",0786855c7d247776f046b4414b875a5e,errands then a nap   double time > whatever else i was going to do tonight!
is working night shift all weekend  bah humbug is right!
on my way into work tonight i saw a penndot plow truck driver pulled over helping a woman change her tire  a random act of kindness that probably made her day  <propfemale> christmas everyone!
last night shift till 2011!  smile 
success!  laugh 
"it's monday and thursday, all at the same time!! (and yes, i'm aware that it's actually wednesday  hooray for shift work!)"
"heard a savage garden song on the radio this morning  what a throwback to 'back in the day'! you know, back in the 90's? yeah!"
i  love  wine   laugh 
is j-town bound for the weekend! happy new year everyone!
has lots to do today but doesn't feel like doing any of it!  smile 
loves being a band geek   smile 
no one should have to function at 3am 
hates winter and all things winter related! > sad 
would rather be sleeping 
survived!
is wondering why she said yes to overtime today   *yawns*
will someone please tell the freight train that keeps running me over to please knock it off??
made it to work in one piece without any more hillside collisions  big thumbs up to penndot and the turnpike commission for a surprisingly easy commute!!
peanut butter jelly time!!!
ready   set   weekend!  laugh 
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, knives stab people, and spoons make people fat  remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! (re posted from another friend's status message  feel free to do the same )"
is avoiding football like the plague   playful 
is ready for motorcycle weather   c'mon spring!
"night shift, hoping the bad weather stays away so i can get home in the morning!"
is suffering for a severe case of procrastination  ill do something about it tomorrow   playful 
"life is only what you make it, so get up and live it "
there's currently a cnbc special on about porn  i've now seen everything 
night shift all weekend   blah 
"january 21st is narl pro-choice <propfemale>'s \ blog for choice day 2011\""  let's keep pro-choice legislation moving forward instead of backward!"""
hey! it's freakin' cold out!
"chili dogs, tater tots, and red cat  it's a good hillbilly kind of night!  playful "
"hey everyone, tune in to oprah tomorrow afternoon to see my mother-in-law, <propfirst> greenawalt, featured as one of the \happy people!\""   smile """
homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  (re-posted from a friend's status message   feel free to do the same )
"hellooooo, weekend!  smile "
is looking forward to a date night with my hubby to celebrate his birthday-hempen hill bbq and seeing true grit   smile 
happy birthday today to my wonderful husband <propfirst> greenawalt!!  smile 
i just watched my mother-in-law take a sip of straight jagermeister  my life is now complete 
"dearest monday: you can suck it  no love, <propfemale>"
is thinking that a hot bubble bath is the only thing that's going to make the monday go away   
"wow, this weather is awesome! *sarcasm*"
feels like crap   annoyed 
really wishes she could sleep 
is desperately hoping for some sleep!
"i don't care if you're pro-life or pro-choice, this is disgusting and terrifying  the 'protect life act' will only encourage death  http annoyed  m youtube com watch?desktop_uri=http%3a%2f%2fwww youtube com%2fwatch%3fv%3dobnswdme2pw&v=obnswdme2pw&gl=ca"
is giggling at all of the posts from people who have been trash talking green bay for the last week that are humbly congratulating them now   
why do mornings have to be so early?!
is one cranky little chipmunk!! >-(  off to the gym to try and work out some frustration   
slept!!!! for six whole hours!!!  laugh 
"\normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine \""  -whoopi goldberg"""
friday!  smile 
is feeling fantastic after another great workout   totally to the <propmale>!
out to dinner for mineca's birthday then who knows what else  yay weekend!  smile 
"is off to an auction in hopes of bringing home some cast iron cookware, then roller skating for <propfemale>'s birthday  hope they keep ambulances ready in the parking lot!  playful "
works an even goofier schedule this week than normal   weeeee    
is officially very highly disgruntled with her hair stylist!!!! > sad 
"was fairly amused to learn today that she's known as \the hot girl\"" at williamson's career fairs  those poor guys need to get out more   haha!"""
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud and that you love her dearly! you can replace a lot of people in your life, but you only have one mother!!!! love you <propfemale> nuhfer, you're the best!"
first motorcycle ride of 2011! wooohoooo!!!  laugh 
"holy snow, batman!"
"its 130 am, <propfirst>, <propfirst> and i are watching <propmale> leary, and the dog is drinking <propfirst> and coke  snow days rock!"
"is sleepy  simulator training today and tomorrow   brain turning to mush in 3, 2, 1   "
is wishing tomorrow wasn't monday   sad 
is greatly disturbed by the fact that she has 'livin' la <propfemale> loca' stuck in her head at 345 am  somebody please make it stop!!
opened the case to her <propfemale> joplin cd this morning and found <propfemale> duets instead  blasphemy!
vw is bringing back the microbus!! yessssss!
"is wondering wtf is up with the large quantities of stupidity she dealt with  all day today  oh well, tomorrow is a new day!"
i just saw the best mullet in the history of mullets  i wish i would have had the guts to get a picture-it was that amazing 
"never thought she'd say this, but, c'mon monday!"
is a busy little chipmunk today   
is working hard or hardly working   you decide   playful 
i was just flipping through radio stations and stumbled upon a <propfirst> beiber song  my poor ears are wondering what they ever did to deserve such abuse   
is going into today wish high hopes and crossed fingers   
"well, now i wait!"
"i promise this isn't spam --- there's a site called spokeo com, a new online usa phone book w personal information (pics you've posted on fb, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, family members, even cc #'s)  remove yourself by searching your name, find your <propfemale>, copy the url, go to bottom of the home <propfemale> and click on the privacy link to remove yourself  copy, repost so everyone knows "
got it!  laugh 
is jtown bound for the weekend! andd of course its snowing like crazy there and its supposed to be 53 here  ohhh western <propfemale>   
"is home after a great weekend in jtown  some very valuable lessons were learned, including where spaghetti comes in the dictionary, that <propfemale> shots are never a good idea, and most importantly that nuhfers don't bounce!"
happy birthday to my little sister <propfemale> who turns 9 today!!! can't believe she's that old already    
c'mon april 18th!
"well, since work ignored the overtime rules and called and woke me up--and now i can't get back to sleep--guess i'll go to the gym   then night shift tonight   c'mon april 18th!"
is suffering from a serious lack of motivation   *yawns
why do people refuse to put their damn dogs on a leash?!  i swear i will drop kick the next stupid ankle biter that runs at after my dog when we're out on a walk! *ferocious face*
go team awesome!!  laugh 
iiiii have a happy meal  and itsss in a box  yayyyyyyy!
happy happy spring everyone!  smile 
just finished the last weekend she'll ever work!  smile 
is heading into work for her last night shift ever!  laugh 
is done with night shift!!  laugh 
"<propfirst> and i talking about sight and sound: me so do they really walk the animals down the aisles? a: yup  me: so there'll be giraffes walking down the aisles by us?! a: i don't think there'll be giraffes  they're not really desert animals  the animals in the show have to fit the story  me: but, why not? jesus loves giraffes! he made them! there should be giraffes! a: *facepalm*"
just febreezed <propfirst>'s butt   playful 
will not miss seeing 330am on the alarm clock 
can't wait to take her new shoes for a run tonight!!
"at the end of my 13 hour day today, i will no longer be an operator  weird "
done  weird  very weird 
"dearest spring, please come back  i'm cold, and i miss you  love, <propfemale> "
is watching hoarding: buried alive  i don't get how people can live like that   *shudders*
is going to attempt to clean out organize her closet and dresser  yikes!
"is off to the gym, then maybe doing some yard work    ewwww   "
just sent in the registration to run her first 5k!  15 days until race day!  smile 
"\the democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not \""    ~thomas <propmale>"""
"its my first day on \the dark side!\""  i'm working 8-430 like a normal person    woah    i don't think i can handle it!"""
i just ran 3 1 <propmale> in 36 49 minutes   which is 10 15 mins mile   which is only 15 seconds away from my short term goal! yeah <propmale>!! 13 days till my first race!!  laugh 
