395a36884f0d185e605bdfe165128070
o-blue-terate them!
missing <propfemale> <propfirst>
    becoming more and more obsessed with <propfirst> hutchinson 
"excited to have a new \family member\"" @ good ol' <propfemale> & horizon!"""
prayers for the jacksons    
okay is alright with me     some things they come naturally
looking forward to the coming week!
ombs     my new favorite marking    
best part of july 4: dinner @ balboa while the drunkards sing sublime's santeria 
mmmm     lobster pancakes    
pro: yeah free food on tuesday     con: me no likey mold 
don't judge me because i'm in love with doctor who    
tips make monday the best day of the week!
    so addicted to farm town     thanks a lot <propfemale>!  smile 
master classes start next week!  ah!
loves pajama days
loving coldplay right about now    
wii time     i love my wife 
"best compliment of the day: \you are a american super starbucks hero \"""""
doctor who     and the dishes were done when i got home     what a treat! i love my wife   smile 
"so     what is it called when you're getting ready to go out with your wife to get dinner and while you're taking the trash out a cop appears out of no where with a giant gun and politely domands you get back into your house     now  yeah, because that just happened  in the words of my mother-in-law     is we trailer trash?"
i love my wife! as happy franks said    
hooray for (finally) a day off!
"making alphabet soup for lunch and procrastinating schoolwork all afternoon is what i call a busy, fulfilling day!"
    why do all the lonely pink cows come to my farm in farmville? nothing against pink cows or anything     but are they trying to tell me something?
happy national day on writing! woo-hoo!
so     dead 
"one down, three to go "
"two down, two to go "
"three down, one to go "
"we laughed, a-rod cried     all in all it was a great series  way to break in that new stadium!"
let the holiday party planning begin     i wonder if i should form a party planning committee 
hooray! i can see text messages again!!
"if you've never hear <propfemale>'s \all i want for christmas is you\"" don't tell hyan bromwich: she'll drop a baby in front of you """
gobble gobble gobble! happy turkey day! gobble gobble!
i hope it snows!!
"it's nights like these when i'm text a million people at once when i think, \it would sure be nice to have an iphone!\"""""
wow  i hope today never repeats itself 
"faster, higher, stronger! go 2010 olympic games!"
wow  i have 83 farmville requests  guess who hasn't been on farmville in months    
i need meat 
school's out for summer 
"it's been 3 minutes and i miss you already!! is it sunday, yet?"
"happy birthday, mom! i'm so happy to be celebrating today with you!"
impromtu concert by the met  i love new york 
no bueno yankees  this is vacation so it's supposed to be an automatic win  wha' happened?
"watch late night with <propfirst> <propfemale> tonight! special guest appearance by me, <propfemale>, kyna, and rik!!"
remember: unpredictability leads to dangery 
i miss ny 
do we all sufficiently hate oil companies enough now to demand the option to buy electric cars? i know i am!
i love my wife     and vampires! team <propfemale>!
the only thing scarier than vampires is the mob of screaming teenage girls when the vampire movie literally bursts into flames 10 minutes before it ends 
i hate being sick!
"\you're being shagged by a rare parrot \"""""
i sent a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house  did you get it?
"surprise! we get to go on vacation in april! well, you get to go on vacation  i get to network!"
"is it bad when your students think the tea party is a social gathering where very snooty people drink <propmale> grey and eat muffins? i can just picture it now: \it must be a very important party because it's capitalized \"""""
happy bonfire night!!!
i hate ets  only a truly evil company would give you college entrance exam results on christmas <propfemale>!
i love my wife  happy 7 years!!
happy birthday to me!
i hate my apartments 
anyone going to see the script in may? thinking of getting tickets    
"after four days of non-stop packing, moving, painting, cleaning, and organizational chaos     it's nice to play around on facebook!  smile "
