fa48d798cd70c12293015c297694f25b
happy 2010 all
the konami code isn't working for me  it's supposed to mess with your screen or something 
hello
meh
staring at lightbulbs hurts
i just made a 11:11 wish
"my sister's acting like a bitch for christmas, & my mom's getting fed up  i think she might kick her out soon   smile "
"a <propfemale> christmas to all, & to all a good night "
i just realized silence frightens me 
"my laptop turned on while it was closed, it's convenient, but it kinda freaked me out  ;}"
is watching mar
i just remembered i have pie  i am happy 
is wondering why ap world history is shortened to whap instead of apwh 
"was confused about something, then about forgot it, then remembered he was confused, but still cannot remember what he was confused about originally "
realised math is misanthropic  according to it the average is mean 
how does spider-man climb on walls after he puts gloves on?
"google chrome now has extensions, & i am very excited!!"
3 14||pi e
"is facebook different, or is it just the oxycodone?"
"just found out that food caught in a stitch tastes bloody, & not entirely bad "
"have you ever misjudged how far your hand is from a light switch, & ended up just wagging your hand in front of it repeatedly?"
"just watched some gundam, & is wondering whose idea was it to put the cockpit inside the gian fighting, and ofttimes e playful loding robot, as opposed to some sort of long distance control "
off to oregon!
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smarty pants
"my family's going bankrupt, we're losing our house this summer, we'll have to rent somewhere nearby "
"back home, & liking my own bed "
i love sleeping in 
my laptop turned on as i was reaching for it  i think it has developed esp 
i just got my permit!
"i lost my pokewalker, anyone seen it by <propmale>?"
"has anyone else ever had one of those dreams where you look at the clock, realize it's time to get up, so you get up, look at the clock, & realize it's the middle of the night?"
"yesterday i dropped my phone, & the protective casing broke  i don't know if that means it worked or that it didn't "
"i just realized, goku is samson! both get power from their hair!"
my phone's internet is back up!
the backlight on my laptop is starting to go out  perhaps those wires sticking out of my computer were important   
enjoys speaking in third person 
"i got my scores today  chem, whap, & comp sci are all 5s "
got a virus    then got rid of a virus! yay for system restore 
"studying for driver's <propmale>, apparently cars have to yield to trains  who would have guess<propmale>?"
dislikes being aware of his tongue 
my sister's downstairs yelling incoherently at whoever she can find  man i hope she moves out soon 
i just got the oddest sensation that my hip bone was higher than usual    i think i need more sleep 
my dad just called me to tell me that i need to show him how his new cell phone works  what?
"the backlight on my laptop went out again today, but this time when i tried to fix it it crackled, smoked, & would not turn on  i think it is done "
my new laptop arrived today!
<propmale> wiebe just took back the the donkey kong championship! i only now realized how nerdy it is that i care about that 
"i got a blanket out for the cold, and now i have a fuzzy "
"i just spent 45 minutes helping my dad figure out how to use chrome, this makes me happy, but somehow i still don't think he gets it though "
did anyone else get a letter from people to people in an envelope made out of really nice paper?
"\we can protect you from having conversations with each other \"""""
welcome to zombocom 
everything is so bright & colorful; i love eyepatches 
pickpockets beware; i have a pocket full of broken glass 
