c13b30ca8f5364dff8fe5c80c910ee3c
"official 2009 weightloss - 37 lbs   that's 7 lbs  more than my goal   weightloss goal for 2010 - 25 lbs   i have other goals as well, but that is the one i am willing to share ; )  <propfemale>ryone be safe this new year's <propfemale>!  love each one of you very much "
"still sick : ( yuck, missed class and work last week   not looking forward to going to work tomorrow with my head still pounding   oh well "
feeling better today but didn't make it to work   hoping to make to class tomorrow!  being sick sucks!!!
finally feeling better and made it to work today!  getting back on track 
"feeling pretty good about the day ahead, but i better get moving if i don't want to be late   i have class today, nervous about comp i class; having a hard time with details on my research paper   oh well, i'll get there!"
"good day today   lots of hard work, but still good   class tomorrow!"
"ok, so i have lost 36 pounds now and my goal for the year was 30!  yay!!  anyway, here hoping i keep losing "
"so 35 lbs  down for 2009!  getting close to making my goal for 2010, stay tuned and see if i make it!"
"wow! tough week, but getting through it   no where near as bad as last week though!  been working on my fnal essay for the semester and getting close to being done, which is good because i'm so tired of the late nights doing research!"
got and a in comp i!! yay me 
<propfemale> christmas
"the snow was beautiful, but caused some problems for some people   i thought it was pretty anyway "
really cold yout today!  i love it 
it's very cold tonight and i am very thankful to have a warm place to be   thank you lord!
"should be warmer today, that should be nice!"
"friday!  another week at it's end, looking forward to class starting next week   wow!  how time flies "
"still sick, not feeling any better   i have class today then it's home and back in bed for me   meaghann starting her first day back in public school today   she's nervous and so i am i but she'll be fine "
it's a fresh new day   i am feeling tons better and i have a good attitude about my classes today   can't wait to go to class!  it's going to be a fine day 
wondering if the storm is going to be as bad as it's being forecast 
"so no classes today   i was kinda looking forward to getting out and going to class, oh well, just gonna be lazy today   no school for meaghann either, but i e playful ected that "
"ok, made this late in the day and we still have power   now i'm just praying that it stays on as the winds pick up   been kinda nice to just relax at home with nowhere to go and nothing pressing in for my attention "
"snow is still falling, glad i haven't had to get out today!  it's really pretty while sitting inside with my heater going and power still on!"
"the snow is really pretty, i love winter!  i do not love the ice though, too bad it wasn't all snow   it will be gone soon enough, though, for those who don't love it!"
"new week starting!  more opportunities ahead, can't wait to see what the week will bring "
"ok, exercise done for the day   i really gotta get back on the weight loss wagon!  i haven't gained any, but it's been about 6 weeks since i lost any "
"the week is almost over, i am glad but where did it go?  yay for the weekend!"
friday!
snow moving in but it's not e playful ected to be a problem   let's hope that holds true 
"ok, so class tomorrow, yay!  i really need to get done with this college thing "
the week is almost over   have i really accomplished anything?? ummmm       i'll get back to you on that 
"aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh the weekend, yes!"
new week   here we go again!
"wow!  halfway through the week already   yep, i'm off to class : d"
"been really busy, working hard at my diet and working out   working hard in class and working hard at work!  whew      just working hard i guess "
"so why is it the better i eat and the more i work out the less weight i lose???!!! can anyone answer this for me?  well, i guess at least i'm healthier and have more stamina right?"
lazy weekend!  what could be better?
"yuck!  here i go again with being sick   not looking forward to class today or work tomorrow, but this too shall pass "
so why is it when i am going to have some time off from work for spring break i get sick??  ugh!
hooray for spring break!!
back online!  it's bad to have no internet connection!
"this has been a long week already, i will glad when it's over "
hooray for a beautiful weekend!
um        is it friday yet??
i am happy tomorrow is friday      it's been a very long week!
hooray for the end of the week!
beautiful weekend     aaaaahhhhhhhhhh i love it!!
new week     let's hope it's a good one!
"this has been a good week, and it has gone really fast   wow!"
slow start to the week already      hmmm
"wow, last week of april   i can't believe how fast the year is going by!"
new week!  woohoo!
my 18 year anniversary is on sunday!  can't believe it 
"woohoo, today is my 18th wedding anniversary!!!!"
"here we go, monday monday!"
can you believe the week is almost over?!
has a horrible headache
okay i'm done with hot weather already!!
"ok, so we worked legs at the gym tonight and let me just say         ouch!"
"k, i'm so ready for fall it's ridiculous!!"
so i have a strained psoas muscle      it hurts and limits what i can do : (  bummed because it will affect my exercise to some extent 
oh fall how i long for your gentle rains and cool breezes  <propmale> away this heat!
has another raging migraine  no work for me today  just wish they would stop  this is the 4th one in 2 weeks!
g'night fb friends
totally bummed  <propmale> student aid this semester therefore i may be forced to take some time away from school  totally crying right now!
"is strewed about \stuff\""  i hate not understanding"""
today will be better!
change is coming  scarey scarey!
"please god, bring cooler weather to oklahoma!"
\ i saw <propmale> lucado tweet this    god loves you just the way you are," but he refuses to leave you that way  he wants you to be just like jesus    i thought it may bless you today!! ~scott\""\"c13b30ca8f5364dff8fe5c80c910ee3c,ugh! i am seriously irritated 
feeling blessed! god has heard my prayers for cooler weather  supposed to be low to mid 90's next week instead of 102!
"hot, hot, hot again today but supposed to cool down over the weekend     yay!"
being sick sucks      just saying
can't sleep  i don't feel good and my back is killing me : - (  i better get over whatever this is in time for work monday!
hopefully it will be a better day!
first day back to school for meaghann tomorrow  i hate how fast time goes and how fast she's growing up  next year she will start high school! *sigh*
today is meaghann's first day of 8th grade   can't believe it!
this heat gives me such a headache     let it be fall already!
enjoying my day off!  went and tanned and now i'm coloring my hair      lots of house work after that : d
no work for me till thursday! just enjoying my time off 
rain! i'm so happy 
is very content  loving this beautiful weather!
feeling the love of jesus today  it's awesome to know he's with me!
sweating at the gym  oh yeah  wink 
ugh!         sigh
burning up the gym! finding out i have a long way to go ; )
is happy
random thought: i love perfume!
feeling extremely sick right now  sad 
feeling so so so much better today!
my husband is superman  he  can do anything!
it's going to be a very lazy day! i'm so glad tomorrow is a holiday 
"i'm bored  being home all day is not that great, especially when you can't turn your head from side to side "
i love steel magnolias  one of the best movies ever!
legends of the fall    
soooo not really sure how m going to get back and forth for work the next two days :  
oh friday how i love you
4 new tires  sweet relief!
hello rain  how i love you : )
sigh       
"two days down, three to go! ; )"
"bye bye wednesday!! see ya next week, same time same place : d"
oh i can feel it!  here comes friday!!
hello friday!
well the work part of my monday is over! now to get on with the rest of my day 
i like it on the kitchen chair
done        ; p
: ) i'm tired
missing my hubby
"i hate being sick! headache, sore throat, fever    ugh "
temperature 101     head splitting     feeling whimsy and cranky    all adds up to a very bad day  sad 
off to bed : ) hopefully tomorrow will be better
"i can finally breathe a little, thanks to my husband getting me so afrin severe nasal congestion spray!  at least now it doesn't feel like my face is being ripped off and the top of my head will e playful lode "
i love love love my husband      that's all  smile 
wow this has been a really long week!
i wish the weekend would last longer!
first day back to exercise in a while  doesn't feel too good on my chest since i still have a horrible cough from being sick  i shall be more enthusiastic once i'm over the stupid cough!
"had such a good day today at the zoo with my family   my husband, daughter and brother went with me to celebrate my upcoming birthday   it was great to just stroll along and spend time with the family!"
thanks so much everyone for all the birthday wishes   they mean so much to me!!
thanks you guys for the warm b-day wishes  i love each of you and pray god's blessings on your lives 
is it friday yet?
almost ready to head home and stay there for the whole evening  i love home!
<propfirst> crowe is awesome in <propfirst> hood!
please pray for us  our dog got hit by a car and is in the emergency animal clinic right now  she is doing okay considering everything  we just hope she makes it through the night and heals 
"our dog <propfemale> slept through the night and is raising her head up some this morning   she is very bumped and bruised and a long way from healed   we are just hoping she pulls through this, she's such a sweet dog "
<propfemale> has been up a couple times today and seems a little better  it's going to be a long recovery for her but she's going to make it through it seems 
"<propfemale> is doing much better today  she's eaten and drank, been out to potty and resting comfortably now  than god for rimadyl and tramadol "
my husband is coming home tonight! it's been a long week without him and i sure have missed him 
yay! my hubby is back in okc 
i have an opportunity to pay my car off for half the balance!  now i'm just praying god will provide the money to do this by the 25th   i serve a mighty god and he is able to make this provision   please join me in praying!
"went to my great uncle's funeral today  beautiful service but such a sad, sad time "
"so i may not be getting to go see <propmale> potter tonight, bummer  but i'm all set for the 10 pm show tomorrow!"
<propmale> potter tonight!
"<propmale> potter, here i come!"
"waiting in line for the 10 surprise 9 show  bored bored bored, but got a decent spot in line "
good seats and movie starting in 15 <propfemale> 
ugh pink eye and a migraine  boo
seriously? i'm sick again! this sucks  i have pre-op tests tomorrow and surgery on monday  i really need to get over this  i've been sick more in the past year than the previous five  what's up with that?!
pain     pain      and more pain
um     ouch!
"feeling a little better  a shower can work wonders! still in some pain, but as i said, better "
"wow, had no idea it was supposed to snow today!"
"sooooo       i feel better, but not good   ugh!  it's been a week already, shouldn't i be feeling like getting up and around?!"
"ok, feeling better today   my blood pressure is still a little out of wack though "
"i have got to get out and get my blood pressure medicine filled and make the call to set up my appointment with the cardiologist   wow, i am really a procrastinator!!"
just signed up for my <propfirst> <propfemale> website! check it out at www marykay com sbrown1972
check it out    www marykay com sbrown1972
www marykay com sbrown1972
www marykay com sbrown1972
like <propfirst> <propfemale>?  check out my website www marykay com sbrown1972
www marykay com sbrown1972
"so it's back to work for me on wednesday   wow, i have been off a long time!  not sure how i feel about this "
www marykay com sbrown1972
"oh friday, how i love you!!"
"beautiful saturday, time to relax!"
"ahhhh my favorite day of the week, friday!!"
