b966cdfa8263f4a55968220c9b6a6a65
i really need a better way to fill up my day
just ran a buttload of errands for my mom    she owes me!
goodnight everyone!
about to have some kfc delivered to my waiting lap  this is the life   
you don't score until you score!
going to take my senior pictures in a little bit 
i'm now an honor sociecty member 
"i dare do all that may become a man, he who dares more, is none "
"once upon a midnight dreary, while i pondered, weak and weary   "
just gave myself a haircut
dont try to get a hold of me on my phone  my dad shut it off
my dad shut my phone off  dont try to get a hold of me through it
this conversation just made my day
<propmale> is no longer allowed to plan trips to vegas
i am about to hurt a child
my new profile photo shows complete joy and happiness incarnate  you should aspire to have such an image grace your profile
<propfirst> current is the biggest retard that has ever walked the planet 
i tried to show my sister 2 girls one cup but i got <propmale> rolled  but i did show my mom
<propmale> <propmale> is representative of all that is man 
<propfemale> portman is an awesome rapper
"disturb not the <propfemale> of fire, ice, or lightning, lest these titans wreak destruction upon the world in which they clash  though the water's great guardian shall arise to quell the fighting, alone its song will fail  thus the earth shall turn to ash "
life is perfect 
to think is to create 
"i swear, by my life and my love of it, that i will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine "
since when did <propfemale>u kang train <propfemale> <propfemale>?
apparently jesus played the keytar and rode a <propmale>    good to know
"if you dont pay your hooker, can you be arrested for shoplifting?"
who says i can't be free?
"i want to do it so bad, but im afraid to act and make it happen"
' i want a girl who is 85 percent perfect' ' why not 100 percent perfect?' ' cause that leaves no room for growth'
"oh, <propfirst> qué tristeza\no comprendes, no\la mano que me das\me acarició el corazón\oh, <propfirst>\tan hermoso\no comprendes, no\son tipos como tú, <propfirst>\ámame a mí, <propfirst>\sí, <propfirst>\no corazón, <propfirst>"
i wish my lawn was emo so it would cut itself   
why do you always give me the run around?
nightmare by a7x is epic  two thumbs up 
babes     the one thing better than brawlin 
i cannot wait for tomorrow  night on the strip with the best girl in town  it's going to be a day to remember 
"my plans for the day were completely ruined, and i couldnt be happier  smile "
"i love how i can get in my car at my house, go uptown, hit the drive through, and get all the way home while listening to the same metallica song  pretty awesome"
so is there anything different from dragon ball z and dragon ball z <propfemale> other than the opening song?
vocal adrenaline is going down!
i messed up again   
i'm forever yours     faithfully
"if god didnt want me to eat animals, then why did he cover them in meat?"
rule # 76: no excuses play like a champ!
"calling out for help! i just got a new kodak camera and a sandisk sdhc card  when i put the card in the camera it says it needs to be formatted  i tell it to format, and it just says that it needs to be formatted again  i tried reformatting it through the computer, and it still didnt work  any ideas how to fix it?"
i guess having a broken camera worked in my favor  i just upgraded to a nicer one when i was exchanging it 
"ifyou're brave,copy this as your status and see what people rate you (1) crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable(6) outgoing (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) goofy(12) funny (13) awesomely awesome (14) amazing (15) beautiful (16)    cute   (17)best friends (1 smile  bf gf    (19)m   y love   laugh "
<propfirst>'s jr was rocking some a7x  i am impressed
just finished training to become a chacha guide
i have a feeling that this 4th of july is going to be my favorite one yet  it will definitely be the best day this summer   
i just turned my keyboard into a video game    pretty awesome
only in <propfemale> do people go to the bar to play yahtzee    
"ther is only one return, and it's not of the <propmale>, it's of the jedi!"
cooking up a package of bacon for dinner   
my favorite bible verse- <propmale> 4:50- ' he who behaveth like a good little boy shall recieve and action figure of the spider-man '
its time to try defying gravity   
"you know what really grinds my gears? when people who are dating, and most of whom have been dating for less than 3 months, put the date that they started dating on the end of every single facebook post  no one cares what day you started dating "
time for orientation
i'm making things so much harder for myself than they need to be 
im on my own tonight    
"the dark is generous \its first gift is concealment: our true faces lie in the dark beneath our skins, our true hearts remain shadowed deeper still  but the greatest concealment lies not in protecting our secret truths, but in hiding from us the truths of others the dark protects us from what we dare not know "
'they are all about where people come from  the only thing thats important is where a person is going'
is it wrong to want something too much?
this is a weight off my mind  i am a very happy person
"\ you aren't my type\""\",b966cdfa8263f4a55968220c9b6a6a65,just finished watching lord of the rings  most people dont realize that at the start of the quest aragorn was 87 years old and was still a complete b a!
"' how about lavender?'\' how about not?!'"
"who knows me best?! state my: full name  age  birthday  eye color  \bestfriend  favorite food  life's aspiration  where i was born  nickname  copy this into \your status and see who knows you best "
absolute zero is the coolest!
my last soccer practice  tomorrow is my last day in town 
"women are never more dangerous to men than when they have to be saved  beware, beware   "
hey pahrump- im outta here  peace out  word to your mama   
i had an amazing night
"i know everybody in utah is at church right now, but couldn't they have at least left the gym unlocked for me?!"
why is the first <propfemale> of my spanish book a picture of 2 girls kissing?
"just bought some new kicks    hate to do it, but my old ones are falling apart "
3rd floor party tonight in da swagga suite
"i am impressed  i have been a college student for a mere week and i already have given up all faith in humanity, not to mention my own senses  i am really getting my money's worth here, suu "
i am now on a college snare line 
"i have 77, yes, 77! songs to learn for drumline before next saturday  i have got some work to do"
home for the weekend
"the dark is gernerous-\its first gift is concealment surprise ur true faces lie in the dark beneath our skins, our true hearts remain shadowed deeper still \but the greatest concealment lies not in protecting our secret truths, but in hiding from us the truths of others \the dark protects us from what we dare not know "
mind blown
he aquí el caballo amarillo  el hombre que estaba sentado sobre él <propfemale> la muerte y el hades <propfemale> seguía 
wow  this is ridiculous 
"i don't know how to put this     i'm kind of a big deal  people know me  i have many leather bound books, and my apartment smells of <propmale> mahogany   "
"i sell ice in winter, i push fire in hell  you know i'm a hustler, i could sell water to a well "
you know it is a good day when your roommate gets pepper sprayed  i is a great day when he does it to himself  epic win!
sweet  we have 15 music practice rooms on campus - not so sweet  you have to be a music <propmale> to use any of them
spaceships don't come equipped with rear- view mirrors 
this is the absolute worst day ever  there is nothing that could possibly make it worse 
i invented the question <propfirst> 
"whom ever hit my\ knee during basketball is a jerk  its swollen and it is hard to walk"
tonight is the biggest game of my life- intramural flag football 
you know it is a good day when your professor can relate <propmale> skywalker and aristotle
descartes was an idiot 
so sleepy   
i love when i can hear my roommate singing while he takes a dump haha
i found out tonight that i am 12 inches of black  i have been endowed by my black friend dom 
my niggas be some <propfirst> jones beat yo ass niggas!
why does the old lady next to me look at me like i just kicked her dog every time i text? my phone doesnt make any noise
i need $5000
i now fully agree that texting has made our nation stupid  for proof see the comments on my last post 
one more class until i head home to see my family and my special lady friend
"just went rock climbing for the first time  i busted my leg open on the rocks, but finished the route"
"this is probably not a good idea, but my classes next semester range from 9 am to 8 pm  at least i have an excuse to not get a job"
bonfire was a great success  made a new friend  thank you <propmale> <propfirst>!
why are barber shops not open on mondays? how am i supposed to look my best for the week if i have to wait til tuesday?
about to take my philosophy and english finals
hoy salgo para pahrump 
worrying is like a rocking chair; it gives you something to do but doesnt get you anywhere 
just beat the national champions! down goes ucla!
i just figured out that if i were to try to pay for college using only the money that i make working part time it would take me 20 years to pay for my freshman year 
grabbing some dinner before my interview
between my 2 tests today i spent a total of 24 minutes in class today
just got a new phone   pretty sweet
it sucks to have to work at a ski resort on the days it is actually snowing
got two feet of snow at work today   
wow   game over
i got dunked on tonight
what?! friends listen to endless love in the dark   
is looking for someone to come play my new truth or dare game with me 
using my <propfemale> stone
"\the only difference between a black girl and a white girl is that if a black girl asks you if her ass looks big you say 'hell yeah!' \"""""
i miss the arch   
if you are from california and come to brianhead to go skiing stop being a douche- bag  i hate that entire state 
"when things are tough, there is nothing like an \old fashion\"""""
i did not come to american history class to listen to 18th century french opera 
bored in pahrump  who wants to <propfemale> out?
<propfemale> stone is my favorite actress 
"don't over-plan; the future is to be lived, not prearranged  \<propmale> skywalker"
i love coming to work at a ski lodge and having it be too <propfemale> to open any of the lifts 
just booked my flight to spain!
heating to the movies
"schedule next semester: reasoning and logic, spanish conversation and grammar, computer science, quantitative reasoning, wellness dynamics"
that is the proper way to go to bed   
no shoes day
is anyone else feeling that i am bothering them? maybe feeling like having their new boyfriend tell me that they don't need me anymore?
