5a44252c0ddeed86ac679e803bbac5f2
happy new year!
in the cape at valveetas
 smile 
packing  4 days left  smile 
starting pack for colorado than going to sleep  smile 
"shower, packing, chillin w  ppl, ct for the night & off to colorado in the morning "
"showering, seeing <propfemale>, than off to colorado!"
going to sleep  than getitng ready & bringing the kids to school & chillin w  karson for the day  smile   texttt it  smile 
hahaha  your a joke 
going to pick up the kids from school  bbl  text it 
gym w  karson smile 
bringing the kids to school then hittin the gymm smile 
bringing the girls to school and than gym w  karson smile 
i kinda wish i wasnt going back to colorado 
dont wanna pack dont wanna leave! doing it anyways i guess  ughhhhhh
so not looking forward to this  :[
in missouri until like monday i think 
"is in missouri, till monday  cameras broken though:-\\"
getting ready  than class at 11 smile 0-2
just got outta class madd bored  text it  smile 
two more dayssss ! smile 
out w  <propfirst>   text ittt
i cant fit everything that im bringing backkk  sad 
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
yayyy 2 hour delay  than class till 12:20 than idk text me
"out with <propfemale>, bbl  textt it  smile "
going to sleep in the am bringing the girls to school than karson and i are meeting <propfemale> at the gym than idk what  smile  leave it or text it 
d&d smile !
finishing getting ready then later going to the gym and the mall w  the lil man   smile  textt it 
"my little brother <propmale> was riding his skate board around 10 a m  on saturday march 20th on north main street in berkley  someone drove by him, hit him and took off   he is ok he was just a little incoherent at first and he has a concussion  he has some bruises and cuts, but he’s ok  if anyone saw anything or heard anything at all please notify the berkley police or myself  thank you "
i don't feel good and i can't go back to sleep!
with karson and the girls they have a 2hr delay then back here   wink 
can't wait lil d's comin 2m!       and chloe smile 
"visiting the olympic training center wit darrell,chloe and her parents"
5 more dayss !
"shower, than going to territory days    smile  textt it"
i'm home   smile  text it!
"i want to go to the beach, some how before i leave !!!!!!!"
thank you every one for the birthdayy wishess !  smile 
"october is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you?"
@ work and doing my final! eehhhhh 
why so seriousss?!
i hope everyone has a happy turkey day * smile 
ahhhhhhhh 
at <propmale> and katlynns      text it 508 287 4952
wit <propmale>   text meeee   laugh  508 287 4952
homework apps  text it  laugh 
chillin with <propfemale> hmu 508 287 4952
shower than out hmu 508 287 4952
