fcd8317aa1936f6f91f75fa3fe87ba67
ugh surgery on the 3rd    
why is it tht when i dont want to cry i do and when i want to cry i dont? why does almost everyone that i trust and give my heart and soul too break me?
"gosh the crazy things i do for u, shee i think im starting to drive myself crazy  laugh  lmfao"
shut up!!you said you wanted a second <propmale> but your never there      your never there for me     leave me alone!
"im really happy, sure were not together but i got my best friend back and thts all tht matters"
lol im never gunna give this baby up i love  him too much  joyful 
ugh  the same old thing keeps running through my head and i hate it     why do i let it bother me so much    ?
ugh idk know anymore  i just want to be alone    
everyone leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!
^-^ omfg food is awesome especially pizza bla too bad i cant eat it   stupid fasting thingamabob
very weird day today    i kinda felt like my friends hated me today
im sorry    please dont   please dont hurt yourself    please
i am not beautiful   i am not amazing   im nothing but me
la was hecka fun lol (inside joke) went to disney land and <propfemale> beach and got a henna tattoo lol
kinda annoyed
i made a house lol  joyful 
"last night was scary   my dad told me to get \out  i almost got hit by a train, two guys tried to hurt me, and the \cops wouldn't listen   "
gosh i feel amazing he always makes me happy  joyful  and it always make me laugh when his dog bites him  laugh  lmfao
"i love the piano its so beautiful  gosh romantic, classical all of it is amazing"
"time is the villain  time is out of joint, causing lovers to be born too far apart  time, which can erode memory, muddle facts \"",2010-0 surprise 5 19:25:54""",fcd8317aa1936f6f91f75fa3fe87ba67,vivaldi-four seasons makes me heart sing!!!!
i punched my wall _ _    
ugh man i was really in pain last night  i can't wait to go to the doc to see what they can do about the pain  hopefully they can do something
omg lmfao i know im not a freshman but i went to the orientation anyways for my bro and it was realy realy realy fun  joyful 
worried and just uncaring right now   
ok well fixed things  and omg he's coming down nest month i can't wait to be in his arms  joyful  but i gatta ask one of my friends for a favor
im ready for school but just kinda scared     annoyed 
eh today was ok but im happy my bro had a good day  somethings i didnt really want to see but can't change tht so its kool
omg the honors and ap class is gunna kill me
i went to the hospital again yesterday and im ok but i have to wait for surgery  annoyed 
i swear stop fucking with my brother!!!!
idk y im frustrated but i just am   oh man i gatta finish doing the laundry 0 0
my phone broke!!!!
im not so good  the doc appointment didnt go so well  sad 
someone stole my keys    and my dad made me walk home which hurt like idk what because of my kidney stone    
um ugh eh uh rawr!!!! hahaha
"omg the party was awesome and they game, pretty kool and man volunteering sure takes alot out of you"
im scared   i know we all are afraid of something but when i wake up from tht place it scares me tht im not gunna be able to have anyone to wake up too  im afraid of closing my eyes and never opening them again  babe i need you    i love you
omg hes coming yes i can't wait!!!! love you babe  joyful 
ugh my body hurts
the doc was good but man san fransisco was very interesting
eh idk what i was e playful ecting but i was hoping today would be different but i guess its not   its too bad tht u've been so busy and tired  imy   i miss my bf and my best friend
"eh idk what i was\e playful ecting but i was hoping today would be different but i guess its\not   its too bad tht u've been so busy and tired  imy   i miss my bf\and my best friend"
stuffs been happening alot lately and it sucks ass  i miss you babe and i love you
please      please stop    please just leave me alone   stop hurting me please leave me be 
"every things all right its all going to be ok, i just miss being my crazy old self    pain really changes a person"
omg what yes that happened ha! pop!!!
"flowers, chocolate, jewelry, a show, awesome \food, family, friends and cake  this birthday was awesome  thanks to \everyone that made my day"
man i finally got to hear my moms voice again   
"idk y i was <propfemale> angry today, weird"
"in the hospital, cant really move but dad brought laptop  k gtg to get some tests done  -valley childrens hospital"
still in the dang hospital but im able to stand now so thts good   just working on walking now
wooohooo tomorrows halloween
"i can't sleep, can you? i am hurt, are you? i love you  i did not lie, did you? why? why? why?"
i hate tht stupid <propmale>
"touch me, love me, kiss me, hug me, just don't hurt me <propmale>"
i love you <propmale>  i miss you and wish i could be in your arms 
went to the hospital again    not feeling well or going to school tomorrow
im sorry everyone the pains gotten really bad i can't go to school this week
ah tripping out because im so board   
going to church  smile  feeling good today
surgery on wed  i'm scared     and feel alone   
"hey well i'm back home and i still have the kidney stone in me but they blasted it and  i have to pee it out, in a lot of pain but the pills help   love you guys hope you have a happy thanksgiving  "
i f%$#@&* hate being lied to and then when someone tries to act like i don't exist   but on the up side im feeling a whole lot better
haha today was awesome loved it  joyful  cya tomorrow and remember wear red
got home from the hospital the bleeding stopped so thats good can't wait for surgery but u know what i'm feeling better haha  joyful 
"\ as darkness comes in the light is consumed but always there \"" -me    r u my light with u ever fade away and when u do will you come back and pull me out of the darkness?"""
ahhhhhh soooo many things to do  annoyed 
"\the heart must burn\"""""
ahhhh my legs hurt haha but man miley's party was awesome  love  you girl and i hope you had an awesome birthday
"i wanna go somewhere, i wanna do something different, something new, i wanna leave from this place, i wanna rip the chains away and run, run to a land far away but i can't    all i can do is scream"
going to bed night      
"had an interesting day lol, missed my friends and catching up with old ones"
watching nightmare on elm street
watching nightmare on elm street
what happens when you dont know the difference between a dream and reality?
tired   
eating a sandwich  smile 
did u know tht if u go 70hrs without sleep ur body will go into a coma and ud go in to a never ending sleep
at the sanctuary   see ya guys at school
"\tears dont fall\"" says it all  i'm never going to be urs!"""
"the man who raises us is the same man tht has crushed us, or atlease try    here comes the solitude again   only the darkness is going to provide comfort"
fallow the daylight to the ends of the world and then tell me if darkness exists
things happen and we don't know why
momma i love you  joyful 
ah what to do on a saturday??? humm  smile 
ahhh green buritto is no bueno  sad 
check-in to the light and eat up the darkness
yup todays a chick flick kinda day  wink   love  u babe
yet again being tourtured by him   
the light has come at last
(suicide suicide don't ask for pity just go die)
omg yes valentines day is tomorrow and i can't wait  joyful 
this week= drama and my e playful losive rage
1 17 happy anniversary babe!!!!  love  u
everything is going to get better i promise
when a person truely wants to commit suicide and i mean when they acctually want to die they'll die  they wont hesitate
working things out  i love you babe
went to planned parenthood today and so far it was a false positive  but i have to go back in 4 weeks to make sure 
awww my babe is sick  sad 
nom nom nom i loove cheese its ha!!!
tehe he he i'm gunna start working out again because all of this agression inside of me has made me weak!!!!!  joyful  tehe
ok i have a goal tht by my birthday i will be turned into an anime chick  got any ideas who i should dress up as?
i'm trying real hard to fix everything   i just wish my dad could understand how much i love him   love  you babe  i love you so much you have no idea  sad 
once upon a time there was this little girl  she was always proud and strong but as time passed she grew weak but still she couldn't let anyone see this  so she continued to be strong but at a price  fear consumed her and soon that strength was gone
<propfirst> do this <propfirst> your going to be this because you are my puppet and what i say goes    yes father   
no more no more i say you monster  you're going to die in the depths of my blackened heart!!!
no more no more i say you monster  you're going to die in the depths of my blackened heart!!!
no more no more i say you monster  you're going to die in the depths of my blackened heart!!!
i won't hide anymore from him but i will hide myself from you 
hysteria-muse love it!
ugh stupid past    
going to a concert tomorrow in la hopefully that will distract me from whats going on right now   annoyed 
<propfirst> that's whats on my mind   i just wish there was only more time
awesome festival in la!!!!
woohoo metal mayhem was sick just didn't like that i got punched in the face a couple of times  ouch but it was worth being in the mosh pit!!
"\as i lay dying\"" woop woop!!!"""
ah! i swear i'm going crazy right now i feel ocd
feeling like a crack head who needs some sugar for there pancakes!!
seize the day so you can live to the fullest and have no regrets so you never die in the cold world for that is what it truly is 
whos a goofy goober yeay! wooohoo lmfao spongebob square pants haha!
wooohooo listening to born of osiris-open arms to damnation!!!
seriously u ditch school and be a fucking ass and u still get to keep my phone  that's messed up     
sad   
ok now i'm angry  annoyed 
ok now i'm hungry! lol
k i ate some fruit i feel better  joyful  lol
y is it that people would like to believe that everything is fine with a person 0 0?
"the basic fact about human beings is that they are imperfect, sinful creatures whose reason and will are hopelessly flawed--karl barth"
ohhhh im gunna create my own anime style
thanks <propfemale> u inspired me  laugh 
all the things she said are running through my head
headache   
feeling better lol shower helped  joyful 
nom nom taqitos!!
night pplz
i'm tired     
"\ she isn't going to be happy <propfirst> till i get what i want and that is for them to separate   \"" i'm tired     i'm sorry    it's all happening again   """
"welcome to candyland! lick it up, slide it down and satisfy my sweet tooth!"
this life were living is made up of two things pain and chaos
blueberry!
went to the hospital last night
"about to write my mom right now and what i just realized is that drama at school with my friends are not worth losing the people that are and have always been there for you, your family   "
omfg it's like a non-stop poke war!!
oh happy day!
"one last night stay with me my love, one last night let me lay with you so i can hear our hearts beating together in the haven of the darkness"
poptarts!
let the zombies come out and play in the worl of the living
let the zombies come out and play in the world of the living for a day of fun
will this be the day tht the words and gossip of people will stab me in my heart and end my life?
ugh homework wishing i was with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and <propfirst> hanging out some where
y us it tht i feel so alone  i feel so empty i just want to cry
