fa66c9497d4064153b965254766c322e
i'm thinkin this empty nest thing is not that great   
jody  you're an amazing person! my life is richer for having shared such an awesome weekend with you  i am so proud of what you've accomplished and what i know you have yet to do   thank you! for being you!
"i am not good at the facebook thingy, lol hope everyone has a wonderful day!  surprise )"
"how come it is easy to help someone else do chores, but so difficult to do your own?"
just prayin <propfirst> gets home safe from san <propmale>   
hook em horns!!! go colt!
"from the harvest this  morning i cor 10:13 no temptation has seized you except what is common to man  and god is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear  but when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it "
perplexed as to why someone would divulge someone's confidence   es no bueno
"am so happy for our friend, randy   the hard part is over  and it was nice to hear your humor was still in tact  thank you god for watching over him!"
"i will miss you dad, you have left this earth too soon, but i am so very happy you're with our awesome father! love schnook!"
"i know god's love through the love of great friends and family  i want to thank everyone so much for all the love and support through this really tough time  i am truly blessed beyond measure  i thank god for everyone of your messages and emails, etc   i love you more than words can say!"
"ok, so it's my birrfffday and i send out a mom flower to my mom friends   only i  think it went to all my girls    lol too funny  oopsies  surprise ) remember i love you!"
"facebook has gone haywire   it keeps sending \mom\"" flowers from to people who are not even moms  i'm so sorry if you get a mom flower from me and are not a mom  it's this wonderful site doing crazy things   surprise )"""
"had a wonderful much needed dinner with my awesome friend <propfemale>, thank you d, love you!"
moving really stinks   i have muscles where i didn't think i had them
"i hope the old saying \things happen in three's\"" doesn't really exist   i will miss you aunt <propfemale>!"""
to anyone that got some weird beach babe thing   it wasn't me  sorry!!!
"oh boy  it's almost time for <propfirst>! whoo hoo! i cannot wait to see my daughter and my long time friend sammi  <propfemale> is gettig hitched, wow!!! i won't believe it until i hear \i do   \"""""
just got back from <propfirst> from attending an awesome wedding and am proud to say i wrestled a 9 year old for the bouquet   and won!!!! yessss!
can breathe again
alka-seltzer cold tabs $9; polar ice pak $2   a 30 minute discussion about god with your crazy awesome son   priceless!  surprise )
iinfo
i am so ready for fall!  surprise )
thank you everyone so much! what a glorious day and what fabulous friends and family  i have!!! i love you all
