219b476e88b9b7bb28392feabd790ac0
facebook is confusing   
omg! this is the second time in the last 3 minutes they put that abused animal commercial on with that depressing music  i want to cry 
question: can you get in trouble for passing someone illegally if they call in your liscense plate number? they have to have proof for the cops to believe it right? isn't it their word against mine? it was really funny though lol
thank you all for the birthday wishes over facebook and texting  smile  you are fabulous
i need advice
yay staying up late and having early classes with no sleep!
i skip classes    sad  shame on me
"there has been a mosquito dwelling in my room for the past several weeks  i presume that everynight, as i sleep, he drinks a little bit of my blood  i concur that within a few more weeks, if this cycle continues, that i will go to sleep and never wake up, for this mosquito will have successfully sucked my blood dry  at this rate, that's the best thing that will have happened to me in awhile  smile "
best skittle combination= red+purple
"time, come back!"
the a*teens are still awesome  smile 
"man, those confirmation thingies where you have to enter what it says to confirm something, why are they so random?? lol they actually say things that are just weird lol"
"your welcome facebook! i know, i'm just so popular  smile "
im so pissed off!!!!!!!!
"wants to get this stupid criticism paper over with so the weekend can come  can't wait to <propfemale> with <propfemale> and have neighborhood fun and go swimming and smoring! lol  and can't wait for halloween  it's gonna be awesome, as long as <propfirst> decides what he wants to doooo for it  smile "
is it wrong to like some miley <propmale> songs? i think not
danielll facebook chat wont let me talk to you
"o mood ring, you're the only thing that understands me!!  smile "
they see me rolinnn  they hatinnnn 
"moove b****, get out the way, get out the way b****, get out the wayy  that songs still cool lol"
"mamma mia, here i go again, my, my, how can i resist you?  smile "
if you're whole days mission is to get facebook to add a dislike button   maybe you need to find new things to do with your life    lol jk   but yeah idk what's the deal with that   
it's pretty annoying to get notifications about people you don't even know commenting on someone elses status  lol 
"<propfirst> bought me sea monkeys  smile  i'm gonna feed them like 10 times a day, so they grow ginormous and escape and destroy the city!"
ok who else thinks it's hilarious the noise that guy makes as he leaps through the air randomly in that new old navy commercial? ha
"grrrr my life sucks  i rear ended some psycho lady in fishhawk this morning  i hate the law that states that it's always the behind drivers fault, because in this case, it definately wasn't  just hoping this lady isn't as psycho as she was acting and all she tries to do is use my insurance to fix her dumb trailer hitch  uugghh!!!! i really hope i don't become poor because of this "
why don't they have a like button for people? that would be intense
my face
darkness
anyone know anyone who teaches piano that isn't too e playful ensive?
i need more friends  and a social life  anyone? lol
fml
is still very depressed   i thought time was supposed to heal   not looking like it's working   at all   just want this to go away
"\buddy elf what's your favorite color?\"""""
i wish facebook pages could at least have music   makes me miss myspace
facebook  i swear  i will punch you in the face
is pissed off
facebook party
"i hate that because i have a sore throat, when i try to sound angry and yell at something, i just squeek and sound like a <propfemale> mouse"
yay heart problems
was hoping not to get too depressed during these holidays   
what the fack is wrong with my stupid computer! kdjfs wink gj;sldgk;slkgns;flg!!
"and none for <propfemale> weiners, bye!"
"<propfirst>, we are like <propfirst> and <propmale>  smile     but i get to be <propfirst>"
finally got my bright furures money! now what am i going to do tonight    smile 
heart attack!
i'll give you five dollars if you gimme that foot longggg  surprise  haha good times
"what is a simple way to show someone i care? o right, i'll just choose jiff"
my poor car  sad 
remember me  smile 
i am so boreddddd
things are starting to look up  smile 
shouldn't all you kids be in school?  surprise 
yay pulling all-nighters  i'm going to pass out on the beach  might get eaten by seagulls?  surprise 
las night  rave  glow sticks  out of my mind  awesomeness 
sex 
"\it's attached to your <propmale> mothalicka!!\"""""
definately feeling gooood  who's up for tonight?
i feel sick  sad 
ever tried typing hell into google images? it's crazyyy 
i found a <propfemale> outside of my house  i named him simba  smile 
"definately playing <propfirst> hawk pro skater on my playstation lol  i miss this game  today is gonna be awesome, no work or school, just pure relaxation"
"\oh my god!! you hit the baby!\"" \""oh my god   are my glasses ok?\"""""
picking up <propmale> from the bus station sooooon  laugh   love 
i like dereks black silk sheets  smile 
"so you try to put a fire out, but you use gasoline"
entire day off!!!
i like my <propmale>  smile   love 
"just want to relax, go to sleep, and forget everything, but unfortunatly i have to go to that hellhole known as my job "
siiiiiiccckkkkkk  sad 
yes!! cream-dried beef battered toast  smile 
tragedy   has struck 
strrreeeppp tthhhrroooaattt!!! i'm coming to infect all of you
"it's time for you to choose, \the bullet or the chapstick love "
can you say   party time?
fuck crazy ass bitches!! fuck 'em!
i consider this world and all of the people in it lucky that i do not own a gun   
"i must have missed the giant notification that today is asshole day  but not to worry, i was well informed "
"\i get such a hard on for clean rags\"" haha last night would have sucked closing but <propmale> made it quite entertaining  smile """
tonight should be interestingggg haha  laugh 
<propfemale> is   
"wow   i have way too big of a heart  i found out my mom threw my sea monkeys away that i've had for about 8 months now, and when i found out, i got this heart-wrenching pain, as if i had lost a child or someone very important to me   lol "
ugh fml  i hate how weak my body and immune system is  i'm going to have to start taking pills or insulin injections because of hypoglycemia getting worse  sad 
you ask why?? i ask why not!!??
"have you ever wondered if there's more to life than being really, really ridiculously good looking?"
"and you can't blame a girl for\stickin to what she knows   "
"i believe that everything happens for a reason  people change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together "
damn   i hate never having money   who knows an easy way to make cashhhhhh???
"tell me why are we, so blind to see, that the ones we hurt, are you and me"
looks like i'm gonna be having a lot of extra time on my hands   
"next week is going to be awesome  have something awesome planned on the 30th, and after that it's dayglow miamiiii!!!!! helllllzzz yaaaa!!"
"change   i'm going to make the best of my life, be all that i can be, accomplish the most, and be the happiest person you know while doing it  smile "
must suck to be <propmale> in that <propmale> doesn't know song   
"i am surprised and scared about how many slang terms there are for having sex that i've never even heard of before-smashing, getting off the rocks, jaying, domes, etc  i'm surprised because there's quite a few   and i'm scared because there's so many that i'm afraid i might accidentally agree to one of them thinking i'm going to be doing something else   ha"
"i move forward the only direction,\cant be scared to fail,\searchin perfection,\i'm on to the next one"
"it is quite depressing that there is not,and will never be,any kind of mystical magical creatures or worlds here on earth i mean,to think that i will go my entire life,and never be bitten by a radioactive spider that will give me spider-like powers,or that i will never go to a school of wizardry,or have a vampire boyfriend while lusting my werewolf friend   the thought is just   demoralizing,what point is there then?"
epic    fail
"somehow keeps getting it proved to her that she is better off completely solo, only worrying caring about herself    nothing else, and no one else  plan?"
dayglow miami=   f*ckin epic!!!!
life is goooood when you're always happy and havin fun
is spewing hot volcanic ashes
somebody needs to have a party   and invite me  smile 
cum-- it's what's for dinner
i have an idea    let's all take off our clothes and touch eachother
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together
i > you
i misshh my boyfriend  sad 
"i miss high school  annoyed  don't get me wrong, the freedom and college life is great   but things were so simple and new and exciting in high school, and your whole future was still ahead of you   now it seems like the fun is over   time to grow up  not all of me is too into this   reverse time capsule anyone?"
i'm starting to realise my indecisiveness is a worse fate than making the wrong decision   
"it is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live "
people are sooo disappointing  >=o
"we are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act- but a habit "
<propfemale>        sucks dudn't it?  smile 
i fucking love my life  and i love everybody in it  love 
"we do what we like, and we like what we do "
"i was gonna clean my room, but then i got    smile "
"i never cease to amaze myself by the things i end up doing in my life    eh, fuck it  smile "
"it's crazy when you get pulled between what is the right thing to do, and what is the smart thing to do    especially because you'd think they would be the same thing   ,wrong "
"is under the influence   \i love to be on bottom love "
"weight gaining mission begins    now! then i start tanning tomorrow, get my blonde hair back next month   super excited  smile "
l my v
i really wanna play halo with someone   any takers?
the anticipation is riveting   
scuba <propmale>!! damn youu!!!!
"this \hair battle spectacular\"" show is actually pretty ballin  lol """
get buzzed get drunk get crunk get fuuuuuuuuckeds upppppp
possibly the most ginormous bat i have ever seen before just flew in front of my car in the dead of the night  possibly one of the most terrifying things i have ever encountered 
"i wish i could just change the difficulty setting on my life to \easy\"" lol"""
gaaawwwwdddd i love the pretty boy swag song =p  ayyyyy
"the happiest ending is no ending at all   \on a happier note i'm about to watch some beavis and butthead(i still love that shit), and wait to do somethin tonight \yay weekend  smile "
i love my bestie <propfirst> schmitt !!!!  love 
no one on the corner has swagger like us
"<propfemale>, stop trying to make fetch happen! it's not going to happen!"
i'm actually really enjoying this game   the bulls are killin it!!
making a new post because now my last one just looks embarassing   lol
can't wait to see my <propfemale>  smile 
sometimes kids make me wanna drive drunk on halloween
who doesn't fucking love profanity?
hahahaha  <propfemale> for the win!
"and there's a million of us just like me\who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me\who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me\and just might be the next best thing but not quite me"
i very much enjoy listening to good rap
i just wanna party party party  sad 
is a hardcore gangster 
i wish i got as excited about my birthday now as i did when i was a youngin
thank you to everyone wishing me happy birthday  smile  i love you guys!
i love good moods  yay serotonin haha =p
i wish i could always say the horribly offensive yet hilarious things i'm thinking sometimes
"oh, my love, my darling \i've hungered for you touch\a long, lonely time\and time goes by so slowly\and time can do so much\are you still mine ?"
"port <propfemale>!  excitinggggg- never been, can't wait to see how it goes down in that town  smile "
where are you boyfriend  sad 
have they come out with a silly band shaped like a <propmale> yet?
i hate my life when i know i have to go to work for the entire day
"totally psyched about howloscream tonight  smile \i can say now that i won't be scared   but i know that's not true"
"if somebody tells me to hide my kids, my wife, or my husband one more time   i'm going to rape them "
working drive-thru can be brutal too    i gave this lady her money and she accidentally stabbed me with her knifelike fingernail  i bleed 
trying to stay positive in hopes that one day luck and good fortune will be in favor of those who truly deserve it 
would you call nyquil a beverage?
oh temptation    you devil you ><
"screw you conscience, you never let me do anything fun"
people should wash their sheets more often  
likes cock  lots of it  in her mouth 
"can't be touched \can't be stopped \can't be moved \can't be rocked \can't be shook \came to get it right"
sleepy pills   sleepy <propfemale>
"i should just start livin it up and partying instead of caring so much about what everyone else wants   hopefully getting into something tonight,text me,especially if you want to party  smile "
i'm too sexy for this post 
no i will not have sex with you!!!!!      right now
california tacos=the shit
"push me,\and then just touch me,\till i can get my\satisfaction "
you can't be everything you want to be before your time
i love when i go back to my parking spot and realise that i parked like a complete asshole
"so sad that i've been missing all the dubstep events going on  sad \i will have to make up for it all in 2012, it will be epic"
who wants to let me pretend to be a part of their family for thanksgiving? lol
new number!!!! 813-753-8272 text me new phoneeee
work sucks  sweaty nslld
work sucks sweaty balls
a crazy rave this weekend would be sweet
gosh its so weird how correct horiscopes can be   
what's on my mind? my boyfriend coming back into town  smile 
i love that awkwardness of having nothing more to say to your hairdresser after about 7 minutes of conversation
i hate bein a broke ass nigga
fuck the time
drug dealers are so unreliable
i love my corbin  love 
last weekend of freedom before going back to college full time and working 40 hours a week    and i'm sick  fml 
misses him already
it would be cool if someone sent me a list of awesome techno songs  smile 
"i'd rather work hard to earn a paycheck, than wait to win the lottery"
"\i bought so many condoms    we could have a water balloon fight\"""""
<propmale> the jewelry store tell em make me a grill
 88cent crunchwrap supremes at taco <propfemale>? oh hell yea
so glad that the wonderful <propfirst> schmitt graced me with her presence tonight  smile 
