4a8a8e73e7be970e3990f1ea46b049dc
i almost fell down the five stairs in this house  something like that always happens when all i am trying to do is be quiet!
"oh, the cute little accordion bug "
"if anyone sees me going to eat any more choclate, tackle me "
we can go home today!  smile  that will be soooo nice 
i so love! my new car! i made it all the way up with zero worries!!  smile 
this new cd is going to be the best ever!
oh those darn clingy people 
i am soooo excited for march of next year!!! <propfemale> in wonderland is coming out!!
made it to salt lake without falling asleep!! also   job interview?
going to see iron and wine tonight!! i wish i knew my way around better 
iron and wine last night   very odd that mr  beam reminds me of <propmale> 
i got the job!!
two last days in a row   kinda sad   sad  but yesterday was fun!
"hanging out, waiting for someone to give me directions to where i need to be  or to my new house, either one "
"oh, weddings "
"it is impossible to fit a whole aparment's worth of stuff into one bedroom! obviously, but still   "
"you know, i really don't like having the day off "
work party or no work party?
it's like we are rekindling our childhood!
i am pretty excited for the show tonight!
needs   something 
applying for jobs  trying to find something in the wee hours of the morning    any suggestions?
it's always fun chatting with the aunty 
loves discovering good new music and acquiring it 
thinking that this friday will be eventful   but maybe not as eventful as the last one 
"why is it that every time i am working all by myself, there really needs to be someone else there? we were pretty slammed, had to call in back up "
ah! my laundry is done! how could you all let me almost forget it?!
good <propfemale>   smile 
i am actually looking forward to my day off this week! it promises to be quite eventful 
i want to paint my nails   i can't enter the room with the polish   yet i don't want the door to open   
hey thanks for ikea!
christmas hair! = quarter life crisis 
christmas hair failed   sad 
thanks lando for all your help!
does anyone else have a weird une playful lainable crush on <propmale> grohl?
'tis the season for attempted family pictures 
"i hate being tickled  i don't care who you are or how long i have known you, it's just not funny  blblblllblb "
i am sorry for making someone mad  i just wanted to take a walk 
add ice for cold drinks    thanks morelia's!  smile 
i so called the penguin  so called it!
no chocolate fever but i found rosenkrantz and guildenstern on dvd!
the hangover with the fam   you would think that might be awkward 
ah   no work for two days  hopefully i get some stuff done and the traffic is not too bad 
"one last thing to do, but it has to wait until much, much later  think i might as well take a nap seen as how that's what the rest of the family is doing "
totally wish i had a webcam right now  my mom is about to break in half! lol!
"i like imitating my grandpa's dance while he is on the phone, clam dip, stockings, and keys "
new boots! they make my toes feel like ten friends on a camping trip 
"i have scraped my car windows off about fifteen times in two days  it's not like i go many places either! but, i found my rear defrost button  how did i miss it?!"
"i feel like a douche sitting here with both a laptop and an  ipad in front of me  yes, i am using both at the same time for different purposes "
my nike+ sports band says i only went  2 <propmale> in 20 mins yesterday  think maybe it needs calibration?
"yep, being back is very nice "
"i am not thinking about clowns! i am thinking about bettering myself    da do \i was walking in the wholesale flower district   \"""""
"new job, new responsibilites   or so they say  let's see what happens shall we?"
"i am so not good at ice skating, it's actually pretty funny "
tan
why oh why can't i just take my house with me on vacation? that would save tons of money  anyone know a good place to stay in downtown seattle?
must not forget to get a key made today   don't let me!
"you know, i really should not have done that   it's kinda making me feel horrible "
"bad mood, bad mood, bad mood   that's all "
i hope no one completely finished they work project today! i need something to do!
"well, the project was 100% done when i got to work  i had to clean the slat wall for something to do  it was pretty darn gross "
goodbye seattle  maybe another distant year 
my little cousins are so cute! little <propmale> knows my name!
any one ever been involved in the ragnar?
"oh man, welcome back to twelve hour days "
"it might not be good that my head still hurts after hitting it yesterday  stupid little <propfemale>  also, i have found that having to wake up early has made me paranoid in my sleep that my alarm won't go off so i keep waking up every couple hours  needless to say i have not slept well the past week or so  i am glad i am being forced to quit my habit of sleeping in way too late though "
"i got a strike on my very last <propmale>! it was pretty impressive, not gonna lie   wink "
i do love getting visitors at work!  smile 
i really need to get my hair cut  i really need to find the time 
i could really go for some iced chai right about now 
"c'mon life! what other mundane boring every day frustrations can you keep throwing at me? you can be more creative than that, i think! or why not try the flip side for once?!"
scary horoscopes!
"any one who says money isn't everything or that you can't buy happiness is either fooling themselves, too <propmale> to care, or someone i would really like to trade places with  my whole world is ruled by the fact that i don't have enough money to even live with my mother, much less do anything i really want to do "
maybe we can see the <propfemale> tonight! it's been a while 
"nope, no <propfemale> "
who knew learning the ways of alphabetical order would come in so handy?
why is my mom eating popcorn in milk?
"it's a very nice iron and wine type of day  if it rains though, i will have to switch to <propfirst> bird "
"copies finished, trash taken out, all set for the weekend  oh wait, there is the little thing about the other job tomorrow  oh well, another day another few cents "
snowing laugh amien rice  i just decided 
the door opened by itself again  what a bored ghost 
"really? that really just happened? ugh why, why, why do i do things like that? why?!"
"ok, i almost just wrote \lol\"" on a message at work  good thing i caught myself  thanks internet and texting!"""
"what have we learned today? if your sinuses are clogged <propfemale> diet dr  pepper is a good way to clean them out, and it makes a wonderful projectile "
"lovely, my cousin is making me feel old and calling <propfemale>  super great "
there is no night of the frogs  i just called it that to fool <propmale> 
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go 
i do so love <propmale> crackers in milk  and just friends  such a great combo 
"not gonna lie, i am pretty excited to watch cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs tonight  i don't know anyone who has seen it, but i am in the kiddie cartoon kind of mood  i just have to wait for adult time to end at 5 surprise 0 "
"wow, that guy who just came into work was very good looking  i hope to see him here again "
isn't making someone go on a date technically illegal?
"really, i just got home and there is the creepiest noise coming from somewhere in the house  i don't know what on earth it could be, and i kinda don't want to move   "
i want to have a snowball fight with ice cream! or jump on jello!
there was a scary spider on my conditioner today  i don't know where he went after i threw the bottle   hope he doesn't end up in my room!
"my new favorite quote, \i'm dyslexic in my ear \""-dave"""
"she's so sweet and caring  she's funny as hell and a bit crazy at times! she loves to just kick back and have fun! she will always be their for her friends, and if she needs to punch some girl in the face to prove it, she will! she can be a bisnitch sometimes, but only when you bring on the drama  she's always caught up in it even when she doesnt wanna be "
"\   mend that shelf with too many books  read me your favorite line \""-damien rice  this is my favorite line """
"i love the idea of old books that are falling apart crackling, but when trying to actually read one, it's a difficult task when all the pages keep falling out of order "
ho hum  yet again 
loves when someone posts a status that pretty much only i will understand the value of 
"you don't even know how scary last night was! good thing i will be moving tonight and sleeping in my bed in a new, non-haunted (hopefully) place "
"i hate! moving! the carrying, the lifting, the driving, the cleaning, the organizing and putting away of things    it's just frustrating "
my msn horoscope says that getting my hair done at the end of the week will lift my mood  good thing i have been planning for weeks to get my hair done this saturday!
"i don't know who it is, but there is someone singing upstairs at work  something opera like, and not too bad either  and i think they are in the bathroom   "
"i'm just trying to do my jugsaw puzzle before it rains anymore \"",2010-02-10 16:17 surprise 4""",4a8a8e73e7be970e3990f1ea46b049dc,"so, can't get my hair done saturday  guess my mood won't be lifted  maybe something else will come up "
the gps are coming! unless it snows   don't snow!
"so, even though i don't get to have my hair done, i can sleep in! maybe "
"don't you love when no one talks to you for days and days, then you finally make a plan, and all of a sudden more people invite you to things?! why can't they spread it out? honestly! there are not enough hours in the day sometimes "
"don't you just love that \what if\"" game? at least when you are the one asking the questions """
"someone has called work about six times and has said nothing  there is no creepy breathing, or weird clicks or anything  pure silence  i think they need to take their phone off mute "
"yeah, that's right, i went paintballing  and i am still the <propfemale> of 007  how dare you doubt me "
getting kinda excited to see part of the middle school gang! and co 
"the series finale of six feet under needs to be kept under lock and key  in fact, the entire last season can go in too  it's the saddest thing ever of all time "
just remembered i get to totally play ocarina of time when i get home! it's been years  thanks <propfemale>!!
"i just stood outside for fifteen minutes trying ti get the stupid door unlocked! the key worked fine for the bottom, but just would not unlatch the bolt  ugh "
wtching a random baby for a little bit    what's his name again?
ever talk to someone in <propfirst> kong? it's not easy 
quite in the mood for a prank war   if only i were clever enough to live through one 
starbucks went   well last night 
someone just asked me if i have ever done voice work because i have such a nice sounding phone voice  what a nice pick-me-up 
the house episode for the week is re-run  guess i don't have a good excuse anymore 
"left up right  left up right  if you play it too long in your head, it really will put you to sleep "
a humungous blueberry blast smoothie really hits the spot 
shrimp salad for lunch! thanks mom!
"my shoes sound like tap shoes, but they're not! how many more people do you think will ask?"
"ok, i need to go somewhere that no one knows my family  not one person  as opposed to everyone and their dog around here  it's getting kinda old  i don't want to talk about what everyone is up to, for the eight hundredth time today "
last night i woke up because a light was shining in my face  i was going to be mad until i realized it was the <propfemale>! either that or i caught aliens in the act of abduction 
"\i can see my brain \"" my classic ringtone for when brie calls me  i laugh and laugh every time """
why do <propfirst> pins follow me everywhere?! i am not kidding  i don't even wear them but i see them all over the place 
"i must belive that i have an unvaried immune system  that's my story, and i am sticking to it "
your moods and heartfelt feelings are difficult to hide this week  tuesday brings many committed relationships to a crossroads  be very honest about what is happening  the interests of children should take center stage on wednesday  try to see the world through their eyes  there's a risk of becoming too trusting at week's end  read any contract or legal agreement carefully 
"i have to go to the store to pick up stuff to cook tonight  still don't know what to get for dessert, and i am picking my cousin up at 6 smile 0  dinner is spaghetti, any suggestions?"
falling  asleep  at  work 
"i think i might need to get a benz  driving one is very, very nice "
"\can you believe all this snow?!\""-dad"""
longest phone conversation ever! not in a good way  whew!
"nothing like reading an old favorite book to keep the spirits up  i wish there were a \roger\"" in real life so i could not help laughing hysterically in his presence """
i just got my butt kicked in call of duty ii by a ten year old! he also beat me in horse  i am losing my touch 
<propfirst> danburry next monday? i think so!
i need three new tires  three! i bought my car less than a year ago   sad 
ahhh the venti chai with an extra shot of chair  delish  do you get an extra pump <propfirst>?
"my new cd is fantastic! i especially love number 18  i also did not have any creek drank the cradle, and now i do!"
i don't know if i am stupid or if this stuff really just does not match up  i just don't know 
i was just reminded of the tibetan monks i met a while back  they were hilarious! and they loved soda 
"number, <propfirst> all the live long day "
"my new favorite   laughing at a text or something on the computer no one around you is in on, and making them think you are off your rocker "
i think i was just insulted   
tommorrow is the end of a 58 hour week  sunday is the beginning of a 63 hour week 
"last night i had a dream that my jaw would not stop sliding over and locking out of place, like it used to do when i was little  it really hurt, and i hope it does not start happening again for real "
"you know what irks me? when people say that pregnant women are \prego \"" that's a pasta sauce guys """
"i just realized that until just now, i had forgotten about redbox "
i tunes!
"anyone else want to hold hands while watching walle? also, my dad is watching it downstairs alone, and laughing  it's making me laugh "
i am now officially caught up on all house under the sun 
"i don't really have anything to say, i just want to make sure i post something christian does not miss it too much "
i was supposed to be in seattle right now 
"no joke, i just called this number and this person's out going message-not the ring back- was \we wish you a <propfemale> christmas\"" in pig oinks  where to start on what's wrong with the picture?"""
the only thing i am getting from this hour ahead stuff is ice on my car that i have to scrape off every morning 
"it's not exactly honolulu grill, but it'll do "
"i talked about it last night, but i did not even think of wearing green today! i just went about my normal routine "
"so, i'm in your life, when ya going to be in mine?"
"<propfirst> danburry this month  passion pit, yeasayer, and now ani difranco in april! pretty exciting!"
my last 13 hour day for at least a week! whew!
<propfirst> <propfirst>'s guy was seeeexy!
am i really doing this again? really?
i actually got to take a nap yesterday! and i did not feel weird or anything when i woke up  it was lovely 
house is a rerun tonight  what will i do now?
the phone does not ring today unless i am trying to eat something  it has now happened five times in a row  it must be a sign 
"back in like week two after vegas week of american idol, i totally said that <propfirst> should sing <propmale> <propfirst>  and he did  i also said 70's guy should sing the calling, but he did not stay around long enough "
and   back to reality 
ani tickets purchased! confirmation printed! i hope all you st  georgians can make it!
even my horoscopes are against me today! bright side: my eyebrows are a work of <propmale> 
why does playing spider solitaire make me think of nip tuck?
"it is official, i suck at bowling "
"i am a \new\"" merrell owner!"""
"\how did i become a molecule in the concrete of this city? the difference in my endless motion in a space too small to see none the less e playful ected to be  i only get a little attention when i fall \"""""
"oh, <propmale> adams, why did you have to die? the world will never know what happens to <propmale>, or why the other rhino died in the pool  nor will we know who the mystery client was  sigh "
"what becomes of the broken hearted-jimmy ruffin, automatic-pointer sisters, when she believed-benoit-freeman project ft  <propmale> loggins, young love-wynona judd, under the bridge-red hot chili peppers: some tracks from one cd i was listening to  true rwanda indeed "
"just realized i can afford my play day next week! new tires, new hair, and probably cheesecake factory to top it off  after that, i will be broke again, but it will be worth it "
when did this family get so big?! i mean really 
super glue should be a mandatory part of all first aid kits  and duct tape should probably be thrown in there somewhere 
i heart beatles music  even when the american idol contestants butcher the songs 
i realized that at least one childhood dream came true   my car is swimming in cds 
that was probably a top five biggest mistake ever for me 
my mind cannot hold as much as it used to be able to   sad 
"i am the receptionist  if i tell you to wait while i go ask if someone is available, do not follow me down the hall way! you were not invited  stay at the front desk until i give you permission!"
"i finally gave in and activated my other phone  i can't get in to stop doing things i don't want it to be doing  but the messages erase much faster than my old one, so that's nice "
two different people three different times have fallen asleep while on the phone with me   and people wonder why i would rather just text all the time!
job hunting online  this probably won't get me very far  back to the leg work i guess 
"\stare at the kiss marks on a spider man notebook  waxy sweetness to e playful lore every degree of your mental health \""-good old <propmale> v """
two concerts and a party should make for exciting weekend  all confirmed and all with company   smile 
"\oh pod how i miss you  oh pod how you tease \"""""
"no joke, my ears just started burning for no apparent reason   wonder who is talking about me!"
"\nobody's <propfemale> all the time but i know you and you know me and it's alright \""-vertical horizon  how i love them """
"i would like to thank the following in order of appearance for the fun weekend: <propfirst>, <propfirst>, lexi, lisa&tj, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, munch, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, lisa&tj again  you gotta love those folk singers and their tendancy to forget their own songs   smile "
things that did not used to make me sad but now do: walle and sour patch kids 
"universe, you are such a tease  please move the joke along to someone else  i am getting very, very sick of it "
think he will notice? i don't think he will notice 
i need to reorganize my pins 
"\what's the point of all this pointless proximity?   why should i keep you if you won't keep me company?\"" exactly! thank you ani difranco  your song company is exactly what i wanted to say """
"\shark bait oohaha\"" and five course lunches: who knew you could make inuendos out of such things?"""
"i broke, but then later fixed, the sink "
i now officially know what people mean when they say they just cannot eat 
"goodness me, 12 hour days in one place are looooong "
nothing cuter than a little duck couple taking a stroll down the street together  just precious 
"\tired of screwin' up  tired of goin' down  tired of myself  tired of this town \""-tp"""
"wow, i have not looked at my really old emails in forever! there are so many from lifeguards at green valley, people from camp (rafe, sures, <propmale> <propfirst> etc), <propfirst>, <propfirst>, dad, <propfirst>  there are mission letters and really old surveys  that was in interesting trip through the last six years "
"\i feel better!\""---name the movie """
"good talk, even though it was on the phone "
"i just discovered it is quite possible to be all 7 dwarves at one time: sneezy, sleepy, dopey, doc, happy, grumpy, and bashful  thanks for your help on that one <propfirst>!"
"\i know i'm alone if i'm with or without you  but just being around you offers me another form of relief \""-r k """
"o a r , if i had kept track i would tell you  i am always the temporary place filler "
little hearts floating around my head 
what an interesting night 
house and cuddy? is it for real this time?
"click, spark, flame, burn, burn ,burn, pop, fizzle, fizzle, fizzle, hissssssssssss, ash, gone "
how funny 
"i cannot believe how cold i am right now! my feet still have not thawed from last night, and now the rest of me is icy "
it is may 25th and my fb is telling me it is towel day  grab one and let's go hitchhiking!
a word of advice: never assume the weird sound you hear in the car is just part of the song on the radio 
thank you to my parents for both bringing me food today at work   smile 
thanks <propfirst>   smile 
jars of <propmale>'s album the 11th hour: quite refreshing when you have not heard it in a while 
"i just finished my first sudoku without any mistakes!! it took forever, but i feel accomplished "
"yep, singing lullabies and old cowboy tunes to myself at work again   "
"so, <propmale> park is completely flooded  roads are closed  and that <propfirst>'s jr  is from hell  all in all, it took waaaaay too long to get my lunch "
just finished my book  must find another one 
"i think everyone should listen to and heed the advice in <propmale> votolato's \the light and the sound \"" it's not that easy though """
my ears are burning again   
i do believe that it is time once again for me to make frog eye salad  or almond pastries  possibly both 
i'm a bit down  i need fraggles 
that one little chunk of money i was saving for a trip? i now know what i will buy instead   smile 
i think i might finally get it this time 
no texts for over three hours   i forgot what it was like to not have my phone with me at all times 
"bowling was fun last night! i did pretty darn well if i do say so myself  thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst>  smile   today i am getting <propfemale> registered and such then off to toy story 3  i am the only one not left out this time, go figure "
<propmale> <propfirst> is my man  him and <propfirst> depp  no one else 
"so, i am thinking if i wear capris all weekend, i may just get a tan on my legs  maybe "
spider solitaire with more than two suits is just ridiculous 
"frog eye and chai: can life get better? well, yeah, but this is what i get for now   smile "
whining to the receptionist is not going to guarantee you a phone call from those in charge  it will just ensure you and annoyed receptionist 
"here's to july: to making it better than june, with the help of my new project  <propmale>, you better keep it up, too "
soooooo happy for my friends <propfemale> macfarlane and tj smith for their new little guy! i can't wait to meet the little bundle of joy!  laugh 
"if it were not disgusting, i think i would just always walk around bare foot  i would <propmale> flip flops when it was too hot, or painful in some other way, but in general, no shoes "
catch the tail by the tiger and take the horns by the bull 
o blah <propfirst> o blah dah life goes on wow bra la la la life goes on 
"i need a new scene  after being stomped, kicked, violently shoved, smoked on, had someone dropped on my head, and got a piece of tree stuck in my eye, i do not think i will go back  to the grandma who got dragged to the middle by her grandkids, i hope you made it out alive "
i just really don't like the cure 
just discovered the national  very good music 
two more 13 hour days left! then i will even have weekends off! what a concept 
"picking someone up from the airport is not as hard as i anticipated  also, the park in orem is quite, quite nice  i will try the huge swing next time "
why is my bed always the most comfy when my alarm goes off in the morning?
"so   scalp treatment and relaxation, or going to work   decisions decisions "
"crushes used to be fun  now they are just plain crushing  if you see the tin man anywhere, send him my way "
"i hate today  to top it off there will probably be a bug in my food tonight, and my bed will break "
"well, can't eat again  lovely "
my knee is killing me  i do not know what i did recently to make it act up like this  it was doing so good for a while 
got some sleep last night  now if only i could stop looking at my phone every five seconds  it's not going to ring like it used to 
"a few parties, a couple reunions, a trip to st  <propfirst>, (and possibly to san <propfemale>?) all by the end of august  maybe one of these, if not more, will be the amazing day i was hoping for "
"\i think that it's brainless to assume that making changes to your window's view will give a new perspective \""-dc4c  i will have to disagree with this one  still a great song """
do not ask me how i keep forgetting we now have a dog  a drooly dog  it had better stay out of my room 
purchasing the national's high <propfemale> album was a good idea 
when did i lose my great checkers abilities?
"i miss my \good morning                  's\"" """
<propfirst> gubler it was so good to see you last night! thanks for letting me tag along   smile  see you again very soon!
so how about them garlic burgers eh?
\you'll be given love  you'll be taken care of  you'll be given love, you have to trust it  \4a8a8e73e7be970e3990f1ea46b049dc,"pretty sure i am going to sleep until noon tomorrow, just because i finally can "
hello st  <propfirst> friends! i will be down there next weekend  (night of the 6th-evening 8th) let us all <propfemale> out!  smile 
"very good weekend  slept way in, made some acini, went to a party  smile  on saturday  sunday, so far, breakfast with amazing scones and a free chai  tonight=pedicures!"
nooooooooooo more chicken tikka masala for moi 
i need to stop being so tired!
"after a heart to heart with tj smith and some thought and confirmation, i discovered i was a very, very gullible person  that will never happen again  thank you tj "
has anyone else noticed the very high amount of roadkill around here lately?
going to toquerville falls on saturday!
i hope all the awesome rain gets done with by tonight  i have a trip to take tomorrow!
i don't want to talk about me today  how are you all doing?
i was very productive last night  i will now come home to a clean environment  and i am already packed for quick departure after work 
i need a smooooooth road  move shapes into place to fill the gaps!
driving 75mph on the freeway with both windows rolled down while it's cold enough to get goosebumps outside and the volume turned way up: good for the soul  this was a good weekend 
"um, yes  i think i will "
"once my head hits the pillow, i am out in about five minutes "
"calling the office fifty times a day every day is not going to get you anywhere  if you are so desperate, make an appointment  honestly "
well that was a lovely 8 cd adventure  thank you jaqui baxter 
"awwww, grandparents "
lovely reunion  simply delightful 
"yep, i am now a cliche "
"do you ever wish you just had one of those activity books your parents would give you on long car rides? with word finds and such  yeah, i would like one right now "
it's  freezing  in  here 
"you know, i got what i wanted, and now i have nothing  i almost feel as though i sold my soul to the devil or something "
i do believe that i have hit every single red light in the last 2-3 days 
i really should have brought a jacket to work today 
volunteering at krcl! i think i might be excited for this 
"lemurs, man  lemurs "
jethro tull on krcl? ok!
it is so nice to have my ipod all updated 
"\there are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds \"" -<propmale> k  chesterton"""
"the last few bits of a friendship are always so bittersweet, aren't they?"
my phone now = just alarm+ice 
"going through old french notes  these are very old papers  i had forgotten about all the poems hintze tried to make us memorize  \il pleur de mon coeur\"" haha """
"i could really go for some bon iver right now  also, why don't i own moulin rouge or love actually?"
the air play works very well in the office  and bon iver is making wonderful background music  it was way too quiet 
sigh  sad 
volunteer training is pushed back indefinitely  but at least they are keeping me in the loop 
"i thought that walk was going to take a lot longer  even with the bank transaction, it only took one hour  now what to do?"
i heart park city  alpine slide the 18th!
i could go for a massage about now 
my aunt just called me  she meant to dial her house number  she is now a bit freaked out  silly care bear 
my eyes just want to shut and stay that way 
i dreamt last night that my brother got a super nintendo nintendo 64 combo console  i want one 
my grandpa should work at the pizza factory  haha 
"\silence is an answer that begs three more questions \"""""
bookmarks are great inventions  especially ones with <propfirst> <propfirst> on them  thanks bro 
"my weekend: new haircut, wicked sunburn, bees game, red <propfirst>, bowling, arcade, and frozen yogurt  also, i discovered the other day there is a rock creek in draper  i wonder if it is the same thing   for sure worth a look "
i almost forgot the nearly out of control fire  but those were some good marshmallows 
"ok, lady gaga songs being played by a <propfemale> tower on a college campus? way, way, way too far  it's really kind of disgusting "
a 46 <propfemale> fax? some people just need to learn how to use e-mail 
"\don't think of me as a hand \"" \",4a8a8e73e7be970e3990f1ea46b049dc,official volunteer meeting tonight  should be exciting 
just recently i have been kind of wishing i had and older sibling 
house season premier next week!
"last night, the fire alarm went off for no reason, and only lasted a second  today, my horoscope says to check our home for potential hazards   should i be worried?"
tucker <propmale> is an awful human being 
i was listening to five in the car this morning  oh   to be 13 again   or not 
it's just about pomegranate season!
"and so begins my new fiscal year with a text, and song, a 12pack of caffein free diet coke, and a decorated car  thanks fam!"
"i just want to make everyone jealous right now and announce that i just got an ipad  yep, that's right, a real one "
feast your eyes on my first status update on my ipad!!!!!!!and!!!!!some more!! also brought to you from my bed 
"and the best quote of the night, courtesy of laur, was too inappropriate for mass audiences "
what a walk!
everything to do with internet is just better from the perspective of lying on the couch  not too mention playing scramble 
i have not slept this late in forever   smile 
"so i have an ipad, an ipod, but have run out of earphones  this is a problem easily fixed "
join us for a marshmallow fight? happening now 
the song if you see <propfemale> comes to mind this morning 
today has just flown by 
"sorry @jaqui baxter, but i really do love snow patrol "
"i just saw a commercial  i did not know what it was for, but i noticed the guy's shoes were timberlands  turns out, it was a timerberland commercial  even after a couple months of being away from shoes, they are still with me  annoyed  "
"so far, it is a  laugh  kind of day  only one other thing could round it off, but i am not counting on it "
i am an app fiend!
two concets i must see: the aracde fire and <propfirst> adams  might they come to utah? probsbly not   annoyed 
"it took three people to suggest angry birds, but i have to say they were all right  so thanks <propfirst> for making me get it "
i guess i am a bit pathetic 
ogden bound!
it is a good thing i have an ipad to keep me entertained when friends cancel lol  wink   good luck on your test @tj smith!
slept like a baby  woke up to the <propfemale> on my face  and there is nothing like a pillow freshly plumped from the dryer 
"if you have someone to hug, don't take it for granted "
let's see if i can pull off this enchilada bake    
enchilada bake=fail  now watching the buried life with laur 
i just got a random craving for mint chocolate chip ice cream 
last two days have been all about default and matchbox 20  tomorrow i start with vertical horizon and our lady peace  that is 5 albums total 
there was a bit of frost on my windows this morning  it reminded me i will soon need a window scraper in my car  good thing i have one! thanks again <propfemale> and <propmale>!  smile 
just   sigh 
i just realized the fortune i ilk not have to spend on christmas presents this year 
i am taking 100% advantage of the wifi at the radio station byt downloading as many free apps as possible while there are no ringing phones 
"so many frogs, not so much else  i need to be intrigued "
i discoveed once again there really is a 5am 
"i am very sleepy, and i need to do laundry  i am thinking about skipping volunteering tonight   "
glad i went to volunteer anyway  they gave me a cozy hoodie just for being the awesomest one here   smile 
it would have been really fun to have worked on the music genome project 
seeing sprinklers on while it has been raining makes me want to punch people 
"i miss it, and yet i am just so sick of it  it just will never be the same  bright side, this hoodie is awesome "
i've got some pretty darn cute cousins 
"disoriented, and demented, and a little nuts "
good morning all! i think it is already nap time 
just slept until 10 smile 0  i do not even feel bad about it 
"that whole thing about being around for 1 1 1, 2 2 2 etc   what about 8 8 88 and 9 9 99?"
"somehow the word \super\"" became my word of the day  i have now said it about 5 times """
i would like to take my turn now please 
today started with disappointment and a nose bleed  just awesome 
i have gotten too tech connected   i am boycotting my phone for all social purposes  and i will try really hard not to check fb also  wish my luck   or don't because i won't see it 
"this is i love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, \wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, broke your arm, saw you fail, cheered you on, and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status \sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever!"
"yes, this is facebook, but i am using the myspace video app and i love it! kind of like pandora, but not "
i am so used to my ipad that doing thing on a regular computer is weird 
i am updating on the way to st  <propfirst>  i think it is nap time for me unless <propfirst> stops listening to this awful music 
"for no apparent reason, everyone keeps staring at mom, laur, and i as if we were aliens  but we are feeling like everyone else is!"
"last night we closed the vent in my room  i closed my window at around 1 smile 0am because of the incredible wind, and i was still a bit cold  right now, the heater at work just came on  winter really must be on it's way "
"portugal the man, i like you, but please get out of my head "
"i feel that people are using exclamation points way too loosley  i am guilty of this as well  there are exciting things, but not everything is exciting enough to warrent such punctuation "
"i just cracked open a library book, and the way it smelled took me back to reading the animorphs books  all the way back to 5th grade with <propfirst> lefler haha "
"i am wearing pants from my 21st birthday, a sweater and tank top from 2007, a coat from 2006, but my boots are from last year  i think i need new clothes "
"my new favorite thing is when i am chatting with someone and they need to leave, but don't say goodbye first "
"i now have bunco once a month and cooking every other week  next week i am seeing <propmale> kasher and going to dancing with the stars  i have not been to a concert in a while, so it should be fun "
my most recent disgusting discovery is that <propfirst>'s now has a fried cheese sandwich  this is not regular grilled cheese  it happens to be cheese sticks inside of a grilled cheese  ew 
"hulu is free right? i find it ridiculous that in order to use is on my ipad, i would have to pay $9 99 a month  they tricked me when it said free  that was only to \tour the app \"""""
i got everything done last night that was on my list in addition to playing a game and seeing saw 3d  then i slept until 9 smile 0 
with all the kids in our neighborhood you would think we would have had more than two knocks on our door 
"having days off has gotten very old  if anyone knows of any night weekend jobs they are not going to take, please let me know "
"why on earth do i have \music of the night\"" stuck in my head? i have not even thought about phantom of the opera forever """
i wish i was going to sufjan stevens tonight  that would be pretty sweet 
 smile  that went well  smile 
"and, the bagpipes are back  i want to get annoyed, but i can't because they are from the graveyard next door "
"i did not realize how incredibly out of it i actually was yesterday at work until i just went back to review what i had done, and found i missed tons of items  ridiculous "
this has been shaping up to be a fine week so far  i have still got <propmale> kasher tonight and so you think you can dance tomorrow night 
i was up way too late and way too early today to be over hearing this conversation in the conference room about socialism 
i need to wake up!! i have stuffs to do tonight 
all day yesterday the traffic was awful  this morning was a breath of fresh air 
"yep, it is a year away, but i am going to the cirque du soleil <propfirst> <propmale> show  ( <propfirst> <propfirst> bibber, let's see <propmale> <propmale> get his own cirque show   wink )"
idiot cold  no cooking dinner tonight 
nothing like a shot of dayquil in the morning 
"one good thing i will say about this cold is that i am not coughing nearly as much as i usually do, with or without cough medicine "
"i have been told repeatedly this year what a charming, creative, sweet, outgoing little girl i was   i know, i am shocked too "
pretty mountains   smile 
"might i start going to the gym next week? if i can breathe like a normal person by then, i think so "
"there is a restaurant in italy, in a prison, where you are served by inmates  these inmates are in there for things like murder and such  is it sick that i want to go?"
my new project; free online accounting course  my grandpa cracks me up 
"the magic flute, haha "
"i feel, ever so slightly, like this little strawberry "
i could really go for some pudding  but i will make do with this giant marshmallow 
"does anyone else remember the animaniacs song about \hello\""?"""
a movie with <propfirst> depp and <propfemale> jolie=conflicting opinions for me 
"oh, grease 2 "
"the wind is whipping so hard, i think my car might just get blown away "
why is it a surprise that <propfirst> reynolds is the sexiest man alive? he really is 
"just pass poached eggs in angry birds  yes, it took forever, but now all the different \worlds\"" are unlocked """
why is there no glue anywhere in this office?
the color purple was fantastic  i was very impressed 
"i keep thinking how at a loss i will feel when i am done with this series, but then i realize i still have 18 5 books left to go, and feel better "
"i had a really good line for my status this morning, and i have forgotten it "
"starbucks raised their prices  looks like i am going to save money now, seen as how they are not wholly worth it "
banana pancakes was a good song to start the day this morning 
"good morning, good morning, a happy winter morning!"
"i have yet another headache  i can't take it  if i ever had real migraines, i do not think i would survive "
i love typing with my manicured nails  makes me feel <propmale> or something 
my phone is actually dead  it has been a long while since it has had enough activity to die 
"my cleaning night has been moved up to today from the usual friday night so i can have clean space for the holiday  also, it will keep me occupied while i am too scared to drive in the storm that's coming "
i now have the rest of the week off because of this storm and the holiday  i don't know what i will do with myself 
the house is clean and i don't want to drive the roads juuust yet with my baby car  nintendo time 
my ipad look brand new thanks to mr  <propmale> wheeler's nifty little cloth thingy  look at it shine 
pie and rolls for days 
"my family is chalk full if weirdies to the highest degree, but i challenge you to find a more entertaining, funny bunch "
one 5 days left in my 5 5 day staycation 
love actually  smile 
"sleep is not a cure-all, but it sure doesn't hurt anything "
yay for family breakfasts 
"thank you <propfirst> beck for scraping my car off this morning, and for the new windsheild wipers   laugh "
"every time i go into a gym, i just think how nice it is to not have to clean those locker rooms like i did once upon a time "
i was the youngest customer at the bank by at least 40 years  elderly people have the funniest requests 
one month left in a rather unpleasant year  one  more  month 
got to level 166 in jumbline  i don't know if i should be proud or not 
"good advice from the comic get fuzzy today: \don't mess with a muppet man \"""""
"why does <propfemale>'s keep changing everything about their menu? their fries now need fry sauce to taste good, their salads have weird leaves in them, their buns are too buttery, and they really need to bring back those breadsticks "
"if i am involved, just let me take over  i will do it better than everyone else "
i think i should have just stayed in bed all day today 
"it's raining, it's pouring, i wish i was snoring  i did not sleep well at all last night "
"with some people, i need to just stop bothering "
"this office supply catalog has 1,361 pages  the stuff in it is all very impressive  i never knew there were so many varieties of envelopes "
"oh, 22  you are my fave  you knew that  thank you for being around and putting up with me  it's been rough for both of us  i know you will do great things and get everything you want "
"if anyone knows of any good night weekend jobs available please let me know  well, suggest them to anyone you know who is unemployed, then let me know "
#8 no fair   wink 
got a chess set and a checkers set from bunco tonight  next round at my house  could turn ugly 
"9 people to get christmas presents for  5 down, 4 to go  i don't know what to look for "
"is it sad that i still remeber all the names of the members of backstreet boys, n*sync, lfo, 98*, and five? and i know which one is singing just by the sound of their voice?"
"<propmale> <propfirst> and ewan mcgregor in love? i mean, i am still going to see it, but who came up with that pair?"
minus the bear always makes me feel like speaking only in song titles 
"in better off <propmale> in the wrapping paper energy dose episode, if you look really carefully, you can see <propfemale> is reading a barrel of laughs a vale of tears  i like that "
"come in and know me better man! wait, did i already say that?"
"i just saw a woman with the oddest walk  she was all bundled up, and appeared to be ambling slowly along with long arm strides  2 seconds later, she was down the street  i can't figure that one out "
free meter parking downtown  all the meters are wrapped with shiny red bows  <propfemale> christmas! (just don't stay parked for more than 2 hours)
"i left my wallet in <propfirst>'s car last night  it was fun this morning when i pulled up to get my drink and had to tell them never mind, i misplaced all my money "
noodles are probably the most professional thing to be eating at your desk 
i wrote a fantastic poem today  i am quite proud of it 
i am still feeling maroon 5 this morning 
i am downloading bunches of old cowboy songs  it doesn't get better than these 
"chickery chick chala chala checkalaromala inabanana cabala cawalaca can't you see, chikery chick is me "
"if my car is not in the driveway, i am not home  quit locking me out "
i am seeing <propfirst> archuleta tomorrow  smile  
christmas will be fun this year! i was just thinking about that 
"did i mention i almost hit a deer yesterday by my house? where it came from, i just don't know  "
is it strange that i have a mini thing for the guy in she's out of my league?
"i woke up 20 mins late, but still managed to be ready on time  my mom scraped off my car, too, so the morningended better than ut started  thank you mother   smile "
i think i am going to be vegetarian  i am feeling a bit grossed out lately 
"when i am all by myself, i still talk a lot "
and this year was supposed to br different 
"so, no big deal or anything, i just get to take a ride in a hot air balloon next summer \also, hi corissa chadderdon beck!"
"allergies in winter, and me without my loratidine "
i am the chair master 
bowling last night i got a 70 and a 100  not too bad considering last time  i also left with pizza 
i am in love with frightened rabbit and unlimited vegan pizza 
"ever look at someone's <propfemale> and wish you hadn't because they forgot i ninclude you in everything that has  been going on for the last 6 months? yep, i am done  if they want me in their life for real, they know where to find me "
"my car is burried under and 2 feet of snow, so i am staying home today  maybe i will go out back to make some snow angels with the dog "
smoke alarms only lose battery life at 5 surprise 0am and are always so high up they cannot be reached 
pretty little liars starts again tonight 
challenge accepted 
"i am, once again, the chairmaster "
"i was going to go to the gym immediately after work, and grabbed everything i need, except my shoes "
"last night, at the gym, with every single machine next to me unused, the smelly guy picks the one immediately to my right "
"\pain is weakness leaving the body \"" --quote stolen off a fitness website """
"when the artist you have created a station for in pandora only has one album out so far, it might not be the best station ever created "
"so, it's saturday "
i love egyptian cotton sheets 
i also love that the sample clips on itunes are much longer than they used to be 
good lunch 
i am pretty sure i saw <propfirst> ferrigno while driving to work this morning 
do you get your daily dose of reality? if not feel free to take some of mine 
"the jazz announcers need to stop saying, \pants on the ground \"" it was barely funny a year ago """
finished better off <propmale> last night  i will miss <propmale> and lem 
banana chairs are very conducive to painting toe nails   and playing nintendo 
i could really go for some of my grandparents' homemade rootbeer 
"it is nice that when i randomly find myself singing to myself at work, no one can say anything because everyone in this building does it too "
"name the movie with all the following actors: <propfirst> oldman, <propfirst> tucker, and <propmale> <propfirst> "
i am so glad they brought back the end on 101 9fm  the acoustic versions are always my favorite 
i am thinking i need to find me a british indie pop singer guy like the one from the kooks 
i do so love <propfirst> lillard 
"i dreamt last night that i was teaaching cursive writing to elderly women, and i was great at it "
"does anyone else remember that old dinosaur cartoon, we're back?"
"oh hey, american idol starts tonight "
"i did not get one bunco last night  but i did get the brown sugar and fig lotion, which was actually my ultimate goal "
time for some slc punk  hope it lives up to my e playful ectations 
"so, <propfirst> downey jr  is in town  i would not mind running into him "
broken headlights by <propfirst> <propfirst> is a
there will be death tonight if the stupid smoke alarm does not stop beeping  any 6ft+ individual want to come change the battery for us poor short little women?
using this exercise ball as an office chair is not working our as well as i thought it would  it definitely needs more air 
it's a car windows rolled down kind of day 
the <propmale> smith song somebody that i used to know should really be the theme of my 2010 
my eyes need more excitement   who wants to play <propfemale> pong?
"mk, iron & wine on conan last night   not bad  i rather liked him more when i saw him live solo though "
watching the 6 foot 70 year old guy rocking the zumba class at the gym made the entire trip worth it 
soooo   yep  talk to me 
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong, wild, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who re-p"
there is always that one guy 
you know when your alarm goes off and all of a sudden you get reeeeaaly comfortable? why can't that happen when you don't have to respond to the alarm?
"\why do birds suddenly appear?\"" i suddenly want to watch the simpsons """
"up until today, i quite liked <propmale> from get fuzzy comics  today, he is watching jersey shore  i can't like that "
"it is looking like june will be a nice busy month  yes, i do already know "
i am thoroughly enjoying iron & wine's new album  it is good morning music 
medicinal marijuana users are in for a treat with the pot infused soda coming soon  what will they think of next?
"if i were to write a book, it would be a book of excerpts  i can't come up with a plot line or good dialogue to save my life "
i am not watching the magic school bus or anything  nope 
st  <propfirst> for president's day weekend is a go   smile 
here comes the storm do dun dodo  here comes the storm and i say    playful 
"it has been a very bad week for typing for me  come on fingers, get with it!"
"i need ideas for bunco prizes, as it is my turn to host next week  also, what shouls we have for dinner with them? i am wondering if i can just get away with $5 00 pizzas   "
pachuca sunrise is a great song to put on when you have to do something you don't want to be doing 
"i tend to do a lot of things with my hands in my pockets  i also noticed i \cheers\"" people from across the room whenever i have a drink  who do i think i am?"""
"22 <propmale> to log onto nike this weekend already, and there is still time for more "
"how am i today? i just got a second chai  so yeah, not well "
"moral of the story: if a drunk gambler wants to give you some chips, don't distract him with a question until after you have the chips in hand "
anyone want to buy me a super nintendo? i will let you play too 
"ti dum, ti <propfirst>, a teedaly dum <propfirst> day  we march along and these are the words we say "
my favorite fedex guy must have been a trainee because i have not seen him in a long time   annoyed 
who wants to go to xetava on monday afternoon?
driving to st  <propfirst> alone friday evening  anyone need to hitch a ride?
it's me   in the thing 
i should not be allowed to laugh  it gets annoying after a bit 
"if i didn't visit you this trip, you have firt priority next time i head down  haha  <propfirst> smith isom i saw you 3 times, so   we will see about you  wink "
"gee, it sure would be swell if i could have a full night without coughing my lungs out  i would like to sleep "
"the blue people! they're great, they're just   chilled out "
"i just got called a \little latke full of cheese and cheer \""  smile """
my gas station <propmale> quit his job   sad 
"retail therapy, for me, consists of jewelry, video games, and songs  could be worse, right?"
life is always better when seen through eyes with freshly waxed brows 
"score! i now have in my hands an nes console complete with <propfemale>, super <propfirst> brothers, and other games  thanks <propfemale> madsen!"
<propfemale> macfarlane smithand <propfirst> gubler: acadec won't die  you can't escape it's clutches  its darkness consumes 
what did the ceramics maker become when he worked too many hours? a hairy potter   gotta love the newspaper word jumbles 
not sure how i am feeling about opting to try a soy chai  it's definitely different 
"my name has been mistaken for <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale> etc  today was the first time anyone has ever thought i said jenn "
<propmale> rice=good for the soul on days like this 
my eyelashes look fantastic today 
ogden bound 
"<propfemale> jessop, some five came on my ipod this morning  good times "
"my whole life i have been surrounded by various extrememly talented people  you would think after 23 years, it would have rubbed off in some way "
"i miss my old familiar faces  i say we plan a big \reunion\"" in st  g  hiking in snow canyon?"""
chai didn't help tonight 
does anyone else find the red and rover comic to be getting a bit uncomfortable?
it was so nice to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> macfarlane smith and <propfemale> <propmale> (and the men folk of course) at the same time for the first time in like   5-6 years  and <propfemale> dickensen's party was also fun!
reminiscing about supreme old disney channel original movies at radiothon  still love them 
i am pretty sure that every time i turn on 101 9 fm they are playing either sweet disposition or i'll follow you into the dark 
"today, i broke through the crack on my dezeray's hammer cd  i really liked that one too   sad "
i like the word skeleton 
the newspaper i bought today was missing the e section  no comics or puzzles for me today  it's kind of ridiculous this is not the first time this has happened 
one of the pretty little liars is sitting in a dark room listening to <propmale> smith on a loop  yeah   right 
i do not have a pencil  i now have to be like confucius and do my crossword with a pen 
i have nothing on my mind  i am tired 
fair enough 
<propmale> votolato should make me feel better tonight 
"i just registered for salsa classes  you know, \because people like to say salsa!\"""""
"happy trails, until we meet again "
