e61bbd3565f894ac5e981addad3ea219
is really irritated today 
is nervous  again  goddamnit!
"also, the ram upgrade for my laptop came today!  laugh  just gotta install in and then, i am going to scream like a little girl "
"got her gradebook and feels all initiated  yeah, i know  i'm lame   playful "
survived her first day of teaching  she found out this is only profession where they're going to let her pace around the room and make bad jokes like it's utterly normal behavior 
is sick  fantastic 
"'s rat had two babies  i don't have pictures yet, but soon "
"babeh rat update:  smile  everybody made it through the night  going out to walmart today to pick up more supplies for a permanent maternity cage setup since rat-babies have to stay in there for 4 weeks  i can finally get poor sem out of her little plastic \apartment\"" too   playful  (pics soon )"""
"squeaker update day 3: they are squeaky! and they have ears today!  laugh  widdle, teeny ears!  smile  and a few markings  one of them--i'm pretty sure--will have (at least) a black hood  the other baby is going to be more light-colored, white or beige i think  no genders right now--i'm not that good  tomorrow i'm taking a closer look  pictures when i get a camera "
is exhausted  it is too early in the day for me to be this beat up 
would just like the internet to know that grading is hard  that is all 
"is really, really, really tired of the ego conference schedule booklet  i think, i hope it's finally ready to go to print now "
"is being nerdy: \there's another 2x weekend on perfect world! and i can actually play this time!! omgyay!  laugh \"""""
is packing for tomorrow  don't really want to go back to school yet  x_x
is a bit worn but glad to be done reading final portfolios!
is in a good mood now!  laugh  yay! weekend! not yay  grading  d:
"i finished my english 500 paper on resident evil 5!  laugh  d: okay, well, mostly  i've still got to go back, clean up the citations, and make sure it all makes sense "
is done with her english 500 <propfemale> !  laugh  yaaay!
doesn't know if she should be disturbed that there is a paper due tomorrow and there have been no desperate student e-mails about it yet  maybe in morning!  laugh 
is done grading!  laugh  now it is really all over!
<propfemale> christmas!  laugh  i am 23 today!
got out to the bus station at north quad this morning and found that someone had puked on the bench  freshmen are classy 
"   i really hope i wasn't the only one who could never get the wiu bookstore order to accept western voices and said, \f it \""  _  crap  >_> did not realize how required that was  oh dear """
wants to cut off her hair again 
kinda wishes she hadn't left her ds in the boyfriend's room   
is   behind schedule 
i am actually done with all my stuff for now   annoyed  it's amazing how quick i am when i finally sit down and do something 
got 17 in her class today! i should not be this pleased about *attendance* of all things  my <propfirst> have been abymsal this semester--so i am happy about only missing 5 
i am *counting the hours* until i will be in crete again  it is so totally time for break 
almost done--just got to teach and pack tomorrow and i can get outta here 
i am sooo glad to be back home  even if i have to grade tonight; i'm just not thinking about it 
i am pissed at <propfirst> <propmale> again  i feel like the only thing i'm learning from my narrative theory class is that women do not have narrative lives and exist only as narrative devices to serve the characterization of men and any female writers or stories about women are abberations best left unlooked at  hate hate *hate* it  going to go read a book by a woman until i feel less pissed 
i had a hot pocket today  d: it's *officially* official  my pet rats eat much better than i do 
is writing a letter of recommendation  ho boy 
toc is odd  just thought i'd share   playful 
"i don't like talking about my job here, but man, it amazes me how much my students cannot read or refuse to "
is sick today  greeeat 
is losing her voice today  been a fun week with that  i hope my vocal cords can pull themselves together for a 50-minute class tomorrow 
holy crap  grading my research papers is depressing this semester 
yay! i'm almost done grading for the semester!  laugh  now--now i just gotta do my homework!
"i am shocked that i finished reading final portfolios about 3 o'clock  after i spent yesterday telling people not to e playful ect me back until after 5  now, i just have to finish revising my narrative theory paper "
"is clutching her tea as a heating device  stupid, freezing dorm "
t t i get to go home tomorrow--so happy   love 
inform 7 is actually kind-of fun to program in when i am not rushing my brain off to finish a class assignment 
i hate packing!
you can tell i really hate packing because i am on *facebook* to avoid it  i never go on facebook to avoid anything 
all done with grading!  joyful  all done with everything until summer independent study starts!
"saw <propmale> of persia yesterday  did not leave happy with it  boring adaptation with some decent shots, irritating characters, and not nearly enough fights  if you really liked the game, you should just rent this "
"dear english 620 project proposal, i hate you  i hate you  i hate you  no love, <propfemale>"
nothing wears off quite so fast as the novelty of waking up to a flooding house at 5 in the morning   indecision 
"ohmygod, ludology makes me swear  *so much * it's like nothing of merit came from video games after the mid-90s  especially if america europe didn't make it   troubled  i really hate theory sometimes!"
"i just realized that i've got final projects in mind already for *both* my classes this semester  god, i'm a big ol' nerd   annoyed "
"i thought i would inform everybody that, three months later, i *still* hate packing "
a student saw me in my silent hill 3 shirt   playful  one of them knows i'm *really* human now  there goes my robot!teacher cred 
"i hate knowing how hollywood's finances work  <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was a financial failure while resident evil: afterlife is flying high, stomping it with at least $100m (and growing)  that is unjust  who keeps going to <propfirst> <propmale>'s movies???"
"i can't tell if gamestop is lying to me (or not) about this 10 12 2010 ship date for dragon age: origins ultimate edition--that's, like, 2 weeks before it's supposed to come out  getting da surprise -ultimate early might just convince me to give them my money though  >_>"
"i feel stupid  i spent 45 minutes swearing at scribus only to figure out that once i got the <propfemale> of the program, i will probably never go back to indesign lay-out building again  lol desktop publishing!  laugh "
>( i hate when they send lab techs to do maintenance while i am teaching! >(
"dragon age: ultimate edition comes out tomorrow! i am stupid excited   smile  even as i can't play it until thursday  not cool, grad school   sad "
"you know, during this busy-busy week of final essays, grading, and not enough clean spoons, i suddenly see the total practicality of something like \go-gurt\""   annoyed  go figure """
realized i walked out of the house this morning in my dragon age hoodie and my new legend of <propfemale> shirt  had to run back inside and grab my resident evil 5 'kijuju' pendant to complete my total gaming nerd ensemble  >d 3 different games in one outfit!
"thank you so much for the birthday wishes, everyone!  smile  and <propfemale> christmas!"
"i finally figured out how to resolve the argument in my stupid paper! hurray! hopefully, this project will finally end now "
 indecision  <propmale> lacan is really stupid 
"oh my god  if <propmale> wake doesn't get a sequel, i am going to have to hurt someone  (haven't figured out who, but someone )"
