4f7de72b8f522a08c19b67098e7eb3bf
neither tawdry nor resplendent
"<propfirst> made the myspace, go add it: myspace com sikemagazine"
sponges don't have bad days 
no phone today 
"shit, i am tired  whoah "
i can't believe i slept until noon  are you kidding? who wants to go get lunch with me right this second?
"oh, great  my laptop screen is fucked beyond redemption  awesome "
"perfect day floating down the river  tonight, working the door or something for the show at the exchange "
go see ars phoenix at the atlantic tonight 
"\like a fish needs a fucking bicycle \"" - <propfemale>"""
you're the extra ton of cash on my sinking life raft
breakfast at the jones!
mercury must still be in retrograde 
"yo, i'm totally macbooking it right now!"
chattanooga  here i come  i doubt you're ready 
i climbed on ropes at <propmale> falls today! i got high up on a 10b even! anyone who really knows me would be proud  tomorrow: two boats full of chattanooga folk headed out to do some deep water soloing and have fun in the sun  this is my idea of a rad vacat
about to be on a boat 
my chattanooga life is way better than any of my other lives 
"spent saturday at <propmale>'s, deep water soloing yesterday, saw transformers last night, e playful lored locals only boulder field today, warming my hands back up to the idea of plastic at tba tonight, back to gainesville tomorrow, beach on wednesday "
fingertips shredded 
"in the morning: breakfast, then spending the day on the beach at st  <propfirst>, then driving over to cedar key to catch the sunset on the gulf  <propmale>'s never seen the ocean so we're giving him the real deal "
worst  headache  ever 
i think my hands are ready for climbing again? we'll see tonight 
watermelon fight in the swimming pool is going to be a rough clean up 
"my phone is broken  don't waste your time trying to call me  find me or internet me, it's the only way "
'release the kraken' - the daysleepers
ugh  gross 
gainesville  what's up tonight? i need things for doing  places for going  people for seeing 
i think it's time to rest  until chicago  then chaos will resume 
"if you go straight long enough, you'll end up where you were"
"uc tonight, my friends! we're going to have a good time "
"go to town, burn it down, and get your stroll on"
i'll be in chicago in less than 48 hours 
laundry! dance around in your underwear because all your clothes are dirty laundry!
just got really excited about the weekend weather in chicago  partly cloudy with highs in the low 70s the whole time i'm there  perfect!
"razzle, dazzle, drazzle, drone, time for this one to come home "
i'm about to be at my job for so long oh my gggoodddddd 
killer stereo 
working today  with lots of breaks for re-reading 'the heart is a lonely <propmale>' and 'the optimist's daughter' 
the kinks! a phase 
"i know it's a long shot, but i'm trusting my aim now"
"\here is a lesson in creative writing  first rule: do not use semicolons  they are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing  all they do is show you've been to college \"""""
"<propfemale> sigh, long day  everyone, come <propfemale>t me give you coffee, ok?"
radical face - wrapped in piano strings
"i regret to inform you that the body of my cellular device has been laid to rest and consequently i am unreachable via phone  also, happy 21st birthday, little brother <propfirst>!"
head over the hills
"remember my bike that was stolen? just bought the same frame! decking it out with the same componentry! it gets here tomorrow, who's ready to ride?"
new simian mobile disco = mediocre at best
kaleigh-tyler blogspot com
atlantic tonight! living up the last half of my last week of summer vacation 
don't put things way high up on shelves i can't reach! please 
reading beneath the sunshine 
"so, there are facebook friend requests and then, apparently, there are friend for life requests  that's heavy "
sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation 
"an horse is playing at the venue in gainesville on fri, oct  2nd with the silversun pickups  with any luck, i'll be climbing in north <propfemale> that weekend but you should check them out  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh nfblsc5sia"
how    do i already have this much homework?
"my bike is so damn close to doneness, it's not even funny "
spent her afternoon in narnia at kailen's  helping scratch lottery tickets and playing with <propfemale> pocket's mansion  not studying 
"there's some good new music, by the way "
on a pixies kick  not to be confused with pixie stick 
showed her logic exam who's boss and is <propfemale> bound in a little more than 24 hours  two good things among many foreseeable others over the course of the next three days 
"ready for real rock and a taste of that early autumn mountain air  i'll return to your wet agonizing heat on sunday night, gainesville "
exhausted  must nap  must caffeinate  must climb  must bicycle  must stop feeling like the weirdest person alive 
is going balls to the wall this climbing season 
"i missed an \important\"" meeting about stupid instant coffee this morning """
"i think my reaction to how dumb that was, is a minor nervous breakdown  worst mood ever today, already "
bringin' the ruckus by way of a delicious amish bread 
new massive attack ep  tasty 
stadiums! bring on the cardiovascular assrape of the century 
"mew kick, engage "
it feels good to be in the best shape of your life 
"incredible showers, meals, and sleep this week "
couldn't muster an ounce of productive energy today 
this weekend sucks  seriously 
"best feeling ever? hearing a really good song for the first time, probably "
"pretty much convinced that, in florida, it's going to be summer all winter "
"amazing breakfast feast, big booming thunderstorm    the only way to improve this lazy rest day would be to skip work  (not happening, but i thought about it )"
"so, the biggest cockroach ever to have graced the planet, and who will definitely survive the nuclear meltdown, has been a nice enough gentleman to keep my bed warm while i haven't been sleeping in it  that was a pretty rad surprise "
juli's heeerrreee sdjhf0q73sadjhfaeuifjd
whoah  this rank of grumpy sore hungry tired is some next level shit 
kaleigh-tyler blogspot com
so much laundry to fold 
<propmale> is officially flawless  because last night i found the chess app 
oh man  new <propfirst> casablancas album leaked  so exciting 
oh man  both of the new fever <propfirst> tracks and the wolfgang amadeus phoenix remix album are both friggin' ace 
always forgets her phone 
climbing gym 
"is it too much to ask for a slightly less unseasonably warm and muggy autumn? (i'm sick of complaining about the weather via facebook status update, but last time i did, a cold front came through )"
risk pool in a late-october sweat pool 
"\i owe my solitude to other people\"""""
i'm going on a halloween <propfemale> fast 
"study --> coffee & chess --> stadiums --> climbing --> alcove  ready, go!"
not all of these raisins taste like raisins  sketchy 
"i hate unpacking  can i just keep my bags packed and hit the road for a subsequent climbing trip, please?"
"bouldering progymects tonight, post-stadiums "
"i want to do something impulsive, electrifying, turbulent, and potentially life threatening amid a fit of inflamed passion right this very second  just sayin' "
triple crown cumulative results from hound ears and hp40 are up!: http annoyed  triplecrownbouldering org tc%20scores%202009b pdf
i want to go somewhere with rollercoasters soon 
so why don't you close your eyes and reinvent me 
one day i'll have a band and we will be called the felonious orgasms  (and i will knife whoever snakes that idea )
"is working the graveyard shift at starbucks to set up for the holiday promotion  this probably means christmas music starts tomorrow  consequently, i will be the cruella de vil of the service industry for its duration  don't say i didn't warn you "
"really? really? yeah, fucking really "
spending the day rekindling a love affair with the bulk of <propfirst> idol's discography 
the black keys released a rap rock collaboration album  cool? (sike )
<propfirst> westerberg gets it 
take home exams stress  me  out 
thanksgiving with the family = e playful anding my music collection until dinner
i think i might be ready to be a brunette again 
"oh la, we've got a lot to learn from each other, we have got to stick together"
paramount brunch! the almond crusted french toast with blueberries just rsvp'd to the party happening in my mouth at noon 
why do i have 529 facebook friends?
busiest day ever  sleepiest girl ever 
you shed your electricity  left me shaking with the voltage 
"who will be in hueco by december 26th? in other words, who will pick me up from the airport in el paso on december 26th?"
"cross-town bike ride and stadiums tomorrow morning, if anyone's interested  inevitably none of you lazy fools will respond "
"i think i'm in the twilight zone  it's definitely summer, but i'm pretty sure it's actually winter  if ever it could be both at once, it's now  i'm going out "
epicing the atlantic tonight  shit is about to get serious 
i made so many hot chocolates for so many gross fatties today 
"fresh pesto, twenty five gigs of new music, and an opening shift tomorrow morning to justify a saturday night of anti-social tendencies for enjoying it all "
attempting stadiums after a motherfriggin' garagantuan bowl of cereal  why is it eighty degrees outside in the middle of december?! someone bring me coffee 
woooo girl's night wooooo!
"if ever there was bike riding weather, this is it  hittin' the pavement "
"coffee and chess with <propfirst>, check! bike ride with <propfemale> and <propfirst>, check! buddha belly in my tum, check! still to be conquered: climbing, and samurai tuesday at alcove  let's drink and be <propfemale> "
i'm going to spend the day on my bike again 
"know what you fucking get? molotov cocktail, that's what you fucking get "
so much to do tonight! eeeeek 
"atlantic tonight  it's going down  like last week, but times a bajillion "
my friends rule  last night was outrageous 
"house party fridays  i'm doing it  god, i'm basically unstoppable "
avatar in 3d tonight at 10 smile 5pm  prepared for the mindblowing 
"these kids have been debating <propfirst> <propfirst> films on my wall while i was having my socks blown off right there with 3d humanoid heads for three hours  let's debate something a little more relevant: why isn't there a force similar to eywa to protect the balance of life in reality? then we wouldn't be doomed to an apocalypse in two years  wah wah, sad trombone "
tell me if you want the link for downloading this mix i just made 
i smell like the polluted bon fire and its melting arsenic 
"she hangs out at fairgrounds, moves to a new sound, waiting to forget the past "
small talk  tall tales  feeling up  falling down  i'm on a roll  it's a waste of time 
the nights keep getting wilder  i've got to get some real sleep at a decent hour eventually 
"obligatory family <propfemale> time today and tomorrow, mini climbing trip saturday through monday, back in town for new year's  who will be here? let's make plans "
"my brother's girlfriend: \they sell portable mistle toe at publix!\"" my brother: \""i'm going to buy some for my belt buckle\"""""
"new cell piece, yo  give me your digits  all of you "
it just may be a party dress kind of night  maybe it will disguise the illness 
"according to facebook, i've confirmed my attendance in three places at once to bring in the new year  the future is now?"
<propfirst> westerberg wins again 
<propfemale> sigh  can't shake the sniff<propfemale>s 
"i'm going to do something so uncharacteristic of me it isn't even funny  i'm going to skip the after party, crawl into bed, and watch tv until i fall asleep  i don't even know what i'll watch  since i don't watch tv  ever "
"just booked flights to boston for four people  phew  heart of steel, here we come  no, really  we're actually coming  there's an itinerary!"
"stadiums and bikram yoga  ready, go!"
seems as though my appetite has outgrown the rest of me  what friggin' gives?
"there isn't much that i feel i need, a solid soul and the blood i bleed"
"slinging lattes with some sass from 3 smile 0pm 'til close  it gets boring, please come say hi "
"dear music industry, i've got a business proposition for you (bear with me, i know it sounds insane): do that one thing you did way back when where you embraced musicians instead of assholes who someone decided to put in charge of instruments they haven't the first clue what to do with "
"head over heels and deftly, wonderful and healthy, whatever happens to you, whatever happens to me, you'll always be, the story with no ending "
hanging <propmale> at volta  gahhhkjashdaiuyrhjs *tirrrred*
"trisarahtops  ahaha  get it? also, medeski <propfirst> & wood for the win with the avant-groovejams!"
"<propfirst> bourdain, marry me please?!?? i am totally single  and i think you're the man i've been holding out for "
"by the way, new four tet and seabear albums rule "
"well, i guess i'll start packing now for the five day trip to boston i'm leaving for in eight hours  see you next tuesday night, gainesville "
"home, to the warmest of welcomes and beds "
"new white stripes ep  i know you guys love them, but i just really wish they'd stop "
"i urbandictionaried my first name, but all you really need to know is that it means 'big party' in <propfemale> gaelic and that i was named after marillion's biggest hit song '<propfemale>'  (that song is terrible, by the way )"
updated: kaleigh-tyler blogspot com
new fragments of winter album is gorgeous 
"is ready, desperate even, for <propfemale> to be home from the philippines "
blueberries! coffee  music  typetypetypetypetype  edit  typetype 
"\the time to hesitate is over\"""""
who wants to go see <propfemale> with me tonight at the atlantic?
<propfemale> jesus  buy their new ep 'stridulum' when it comes out on my birthday 
i'm going to be shameless and let this be a <propfemale> apple kind of day 
"alright, guys  i'm turning 23 in a little bit and i know plans change when tragedy strikes, but i'll be damned if we're not still going bowling tomorrow night  rsvp to the facebook event so we can reserve lanes in advance  see you guys then "
"uppercrust bakery could probably cure aids  also, i'm going out of town tomorrow and i won't be back until sunday night so i'll see you guys on monday "
"yo! bowling and laser tag tonight at splitz to celebrate <propfirst>'s aging semblance of adulthood  if you were on my brutally defeated laser tag team when we did this the first time, do yourself a favor and come out tonight if for no other reason than to do your part in vindicating our good name  dinner at buddha belly beforehand "
today should actually be pretty rad 
"hot yoga early  sun salutations all afternoon  meanwhile, i realized earlier that i've got no calluses left  when will i find time to rekindle my flame with climbing, hm?"
airports on holidays  should have brought some headache medicine to coax the pain inflicted by all the pissed off infants 
<propfemale> and i are going to the beach on wednesday  this leaves two open spots in my jeep  who's in?
the weather really could not get much better than it is right now  florida for the win 
i'm always late  i don't drink enough water  i don't eat enough food  it's really no wonder i'm still always anxious when it's time for primal 
sleepsleepsleep 
swiffer vac'd like a mad woman  the bars closed over an hour ago but my fun was really just getting started  (i seem to have caught the ol' insomnia bug again )
"i'm going to eat so  much  food  when i get home  i will probably become incapacitated comatose afterwards  and if one more person orders a frappuccino between now and then, i may slap his or her fat face "
it's occurred to me that i need to start all over and get a bachelor's in something useful  i'm not sure what that useful something is 
starts college on a clean slate this summer: decided i'm going back for a bs in nutritional sciences  way back- getting some hard pre-reqs out of the way at sfc starting this summer  what's left of my social life dead ends here 
i love it when sedaris compares his sunburnt penis to a boiled shrimp 
"right when i start to think i'm getting strong, primal has to go and remind me that i've got an interminably long way to go "
"wow, much to my surprise i'm actually still capable of sustaining some semblance of a social life  last night was a lot of fun "
bah humbug  my book and i are doing the alone thing tonight 
"i should go ahead and procure a chemistry tutor for this summer who will accept payment in one of the forms i've got to offer it in: climbing lessons? free starbucks on the sly? coffee, lunch, dinner, or drinks?"
"eh, whatever  just another chronic headache, it's cool "
working with my boss is like working with a two year old who ate too much xanex instead of playdoh  *furious*
"good climber-exclusive primal group(s) this morning!: <propfemale> purcell, <propfemale> bowman, <propfemale> brush, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> ursell, and <propmale> pérez gallego    let's do this every saturday morning, please "
"passport's here! too psyched to wait any longer for my week in the virgin islands with <propfemale> purcell  tent-cottage treehouse resort at maho bay, white sand beaches, and seven days of equal parts relaxation and raucous  are we there yet?!"
"i'm a full-time student again  holy crapness, this will be equal parts difficult and totally rad!"
"half hour power nap  ready, go!"
who else will be at the beach house show in tallahassee on sunday? roll call 
i have my ship   and all her flags are a flyin'   she is all that i have left   and music is her name
"someone, anyone, put the new <propfemale> castles album into my hands now, please "
people  drive smarter!
"sweet potato fries and pesto gnocchi  there are good reasons why people still go to the top, you know "
ate delicious vegan cupcakes on the beach all day  now chopstix 
the training season is upon us now  i know this because i sweat while i was climbing last night 
i need a road bike now  with gears 
estragin'
uhh    the daysleepers are so good  i forgot 
it's 10pm and i'm already in bed  this is the eighth wonder of the world 
"so, i'm going to the virgin islands tomorrow for a whole week and so i'll see you when i get back, gainesville "
"holy torrential downpour, batman!"
"island fever, dudes  coming home tomorrow  i honestly have no idea why  next on the list: thailand "
"whoah  i'm \home \"" someone please put me back in the caribbean  i am so over this whole not-in-paradise-anymore thing """
bbq at blue springs tomorrow  and jumping off of shit into water like i'm on a suicide mission  i'll probably be doing triple double backflips or something awesome like that so you'll probably want to be there 
awesome that my clutch just blew out on the way to my first class of the semester  i mean really  that's perfectly fucking cool 
i need to get out of here 
"<propfemale> sigh  same dream, different night "
"enduro comp dry run tonight! can we climb hard for four hours straight? yes  we  can  on ropes, even? bring it "
hanging by the pool this afternoon post-chemistry with ze ladyfriends  you're invited 
class tomorrow 'til noon then skipping town for the weekend  see you suckers on sunday 
bruises from the double knee bar look like someone beat me like a chinese gong  not cool 
"rum and coke by my uncle's pool, girl talk by my aunt's, and all day ocean front tomorrow  game on!"
up early  let's train 
i hope my brother ditches this drums phase he's going through right now 
in  the  zone 
"wow, primal  wow  that was a good one "
"river tomorrow! everyone should come  tonight: spending some alone time with atomic theory, atomic structure, and stoichiometry  it's science!"
"thank you, mother nature, for not pissing tornadic weather conditions at us until after we were finished peacefully floating down the river today  you rule!"
sleep cycle alarm clock for iphone  how did i not know about this?! so psyched for the 5am wake up call right now 
mosquito and cockroach genocide  let's do this 
"enduro challenge day! <propfemale> and i promise to crush a bajillion plastic rope climbs tonight  bring your game faces, people "
climbed damn strong tonight  maybe i actually am a rope climber?
found out <propfemale> and i won the enduro challenge last night for the girls division  rad  time to go smash this chemistry exam 
"chattanooga this weekend! here's to hoping for no stop-and-go traffic on the interstate in atlanta, and that the vortex of misfortune that is tifton, ga will not suck me into its misery this time "
ugh  headache  someone get it away from me 
"don't fuck with me today, it's a bad idea "
tonight? little black dresses and martinis  this weekend? balls-to-the-wall rock climbing in tennessee 
so much   alcohol 
"i opened starbucks at 5 smile 0am while still thoroughly thrashed from a long night of martinis, lemon drops, gin and tonics, and who even knows what else  that taught me a lesson to soon be forgotten, i'm sure "
"some days are worse than others  but life is still really, really good "
bush gaffney night at ocean deck 
all i see in my head are stoichiometric conversions  i need a break from studying 
"if i finish all my chemistry homework in time, who wants to go to <propmale>'s river place on thursday after i get out of class? hmmmm? (if you have any <propfemale> to jump off of rope swings from tree houses into a massive body of water, just say yes )"
"good morning, beautiful sunshiny day #347,854 in a row! (have i mentioned that i love summer?)"
my life rules 
rewiring my creative brain for science is totally doable but all consuming 
"dear oil slick, please get the fuck away from florida  you and your whalepoop-looking tarballs are not welcome here "
ha! i'm opening starbucks tomorrow morning  almost forgot i still work there 
"so, that \half mile jog\"" i went on this evening turned into a four mile run  first run in about a year  not so shabby """
"northern california end of june, and back to the virgin islands end of july "
the past three days of mine have started before sunrise  i'm ready for a good night's sleep 
saving my money  dreaming of <propfemale>  twitching like a finger on the trigger of a gun 
"if i ever have a band, i'm calling it stereoisomers  thank you, chem fundamentals, for the stroke of genius "
i forgot to shave one leg 
has a journey of a day ahead of her 
"could this be true? it's friday? cool, i'm getting out of here then "
i have zero interest whatsoever in going to work today  none  no interest at all 
about to be the proud new owner of <propfemale>'s most beloved lemond racing bike  it's definitely triathlon time 
this floridian heat is hotter than two rats fucking in a wool sock  are we sure it's june and not august right now?
about to go tear it up at the rock gym for the second time since enduro challenge  whoah  what the hell have i been doing?
"currently, the soundtrack of my life: the daysleepers - the secret place"
"i just may indulge in the luxury of a late, high quality sleep in tomorrow "
insanity in ormond  weekend special 
kite surfing  finally 
strawberry daquiries at a vacant beach house on a perfect summer afternoon  i love my life 
"missing you today and always, daddy-o  adventures in the night led your idiot son to acquire giant free garden hoses with which we will maintain the backyard paradise you built us  i know you'd be proud "
funny that i've already had the best summer ever and it's not even the first day of summer yet 
oh no  i'm sick 
feels awesome about the chemistry exam she took today  crossing all fingers for tomorrow's final 
woke up feeling even more sick  bummer 
"back to ormond tomorrow for a long, relaxed weekend between summer terms  hopefully fate has a few more kite surfing lessons lined up for me "
"it's time to get up, get out, and get mmoovviinngg "
oh dear god  so sunburnt  this is a great misfortune  but the eight hours on a boat were awesome 
ok  seriously  tomorrow night i make a swift comeback at the rock gym 
"this week i'm going to climb, crossfit, run for distance, run stadiums, do eight hours of hot yoga, bike, and begin my six week journey with precalculus "
lost a lot of skin and dignity to the plastic boulders last night  it was awesome 
$80 pair of jeans for $17  still love my life 
"oi, so sleepy  coffee now, please "
"fingertips shredded  now we're getting somewhere  also, i'll be in ormond all weekend  catch you crazy cats on the flip side!"
happy fourth of july! i'll be on a boat  again 
study  get new music  climb 
<----- wake up!
"<propfirst> and i should be surgically attached at the math and science brain parts for the next year, realistically  who wants to work out boulder problems with us tonight?!"
"that, my friends, was a beautiful night of climbing  thank you  so psyched rejuvenated right now  i love my life "
first precalc exam this morning 
exam was a piece of cake  next challenge: primal  this will be a bit more difficult 
"recovery weekend  cooking, cleaning, laundry, sleeping, detoxing, re-reading books, re-watching movies, and making dough at the coffee shop  dough, as in dollars "
ultra-early climbing sesh  featuring big ambitions  my rainy day psych level is off the charts right now 
i just recently learned about metabolic typing  i've been eating backwards!: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vtwdjoirowm&feature=youtube_gdata
homework on my break at work  too much work in one sentence 
"finishes the school work week with fresh callouses, a sore lower abdomen, a decent understanding of compound interest and log equations, 26 hours of work put in at the coffee shop, and a work-free weekend ahead full of sleep, sunshine, and climbing  it pays to work hard "
i just got so much sleep  that was awesome 
"we're climbing tonight  it's going to be a real serious-business session, too  no messing around "
"you are probably ironic  whoever you are  you are a fucking walking, talking irony  i'm finishing this amazing beer and going to sleep "
m83 
japandroids - younger us
some days i just want to throw-smash my alarm clock and sleep for many more hours  like right now 
just airdyned to hell  rad!
"starbucks is playing the long blondes right now  about five or six years behind the curve, dudes "
"if this week gets any better, i seriously won't know how to handle it "
"things i've wanted all week: iced soy chai from volta, the burrito brothers menu in its entirety, pesto gnocchi and sweet potato fries from the top, in addition to so many good drinks that i have to crawl home tomorrow night  who's in?"
there's some good shit on the new arcade fire album 
"if you never see me again, it's because i'm basically about to go try running six <propmale> in a sauna  nice knowing you guys, see you on the other side "
"listen, you guys  i fucking miss <propfemale>!"
ohmygahhhh 
burrito! queso! boca or bust  then i will sleep 
sun and sea today  sake and samurai night at alcove 
no sake  just sleep 
god today is an atrocity  i feel like someone picked me up and threw me into a concrete wall 
rumor has it i may be making an appearance at the atlantic tonight  i'm going to have to be at least mildly intoxicated for this 
i cannot believe i'm e playful ected to get out of my bed right now  cruel world 
this temperature outside is not ok 
i slept for twelve hours  now it's time to blast cfcf all the way across the house and craft the planet's most elaborate brunch before work  life is good 
"annoyed by my boss's tendency, with increasing regularity, to ruin my days by over-scheduling me while i'm in school  especially as we near finals week  can someone come work my eight hour long shift today and tell her i quit? thanks "
i had visions of waking up early and cooking breakfast before class  that ain't happenin' 
"new chain gang of 1974 tracks are good: http annoyed  rcrdlbl com artists the_chain_gang_of_1974 track matter_of_time\\and is it just me or does it seem like they must've listened to 'atmosphere' by joy division thirty seven times right before writing 'don't walk away'?"
slept through my alarm clock  been a while since i've pulled that cute little stunt 
classy: http annoyed  www cnn com 2010 us 07 29 florida burn quran day index html
is completing the square  to 'royksopp forever'  yes 
<propfirst> is moving  sad  sadness potluck celebration  i'll be there y'all  this is my last shining opportunity to not bail 
i want an 'a' so bad it's practically killing me  no social life until 10am on friday morning 
this just in: my highly anticipated week-long academic reprieve now looms on the foreseeable horizon 
"ankle sprain fail  and inside of a well-padded rock gym, too "
"on the bright side, i'm going to have an insanely well-defined right butt cheek after hopping around on my right leg until i can bear weight on my left foot again  i am so chock full of valuable optimism "
"\training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body \"""""
argh sleepy 
i am so irritable today  it will all be better when i'm at the pool sauna with a bunch of climbers later 
most chaotic first day of classes i've ever e playful erienced 
i am so beyond ecstatic to be returning to two awesome things tomorrow: go primal and the coaching staff for the youth climbing team which resumes practice for the season tomorrow evening  grown people climbing sesh at 8!
does anyone have a chm2045 textbook i could borrow for the semester so i can return my $200 copy? that'd be greeaaaattt 
lots of sprinting and lifting yesterday  primal-related soreness is the best kind and also the most debilitating when you've gone a month without it 
i love my life! this rules 
this lady working at panera totally underestimated the power of my appetite when she suggested i cut my meal size down to half a sandwich and one serving of soup  do i only look half as starving as i feel right now?!
"i'm going out tonight with some real pretty ladies  catch us if you can, mhmm "
"sarah: \i have a neck ache from doing lady gaga's bad romance dance \"""""
how does a radioactive isotope of carbon decay into nitrogen which has one proton more than it originally does? i don't get it 
i honestly need my days to be five hours longer  this whole 24 hours per day thing isn't really working out 
who wants to run stadiums on sunday? i don't care what time 
this  weather  rules 
how it's humanly possible that my core muscles aren't sore after yesterday's workout is really quite beyond me 
i'm going to basically shut down and collapse if i don't go to sleep in like two hours 
i hate studying for chem  and trig  i frigging hate it 
kitchens of distinction kind of morning 
elbow tendonitis development obnoxiously picking up speed less than a week before boulder ruckus  three week long climbing break starting sept  13th 
isn't anyone else afraid some rightfully pissed people will violently blow gainesville off the map during the quran burning?
stadiums around 4 
"geeze  chem lecture from 10-10:50am, then almost three more hours of chem lecture during 12-2:45 chem \lab \"" every wednesday until my first lab e playful eriment in mid-october  shoot me in the face """
"i'm perfectly sore today  did i mention i have the best trainers in town? thanks, go primal fitness!"
i think i'm going to honor the near-end of swimsuit season and study by the pool today 
signing up for triple crown @ hound ears right now  anticipating bouldering season is like the christmas countdown  except way better!
i left all my fingertips at the rock gym last night  <propfemale> ouch  (first trig exam this morning!)
the stills discography  ionization energy  a break at some point for a red seal 
"<propmale> over on a school day, this is blasphemy i tell you "
"it's been more than a week since i've put any coffee in my body and i feel better than ever  today: goprimal at 12:15, fun in the sun with aimeeduerds, early climbing, and tons of reading "
"i love when my chemistry professor e playful lains <propfirst> <propfemale> structures in terms of \road pizza\"": \""it doesn't matter if you attach the oxygen to the top or the right of the carbon  it just depends on whether you broke the squirrel's neck or its arm when you ran over it  it's still the same damn thing \"""""
yeah sooo    all i can really think about is the top's peanut butter pie  some people stress about useless crap but i make sure to concern myself with the real issues 
"man, 5am will never feel like an ok time to get out of bed for the day "
whoooo has room to take me to hound ears for triple crown?! neeeeedzariiiiide 
how on earth is it only tuesday?!
"anyone not registered for hound ears who would rather venture to hp40 that weekend? <propfemale> and i want to go  consequently, anyone want to buy my spot at hound ears? haha "
stadiums tonight after <propfemale> gets out of class at 8pm  anyone who wants to join us is more than welcome 
today will be a good day from start to finish 
i am really so weird 
"osmosis, diffusion, gibb's free energy, metabolism, thermodynamics, etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc a weekend long of biological etc"
my psych level is going through the roof right now in anticipation for next weekend's climbing trip  and my tendons elbow are finally starting to feel much better 
breakfast for every meal  ever 
"here we go  single most difficult week of my semester followed by my single best climbing trip of the season, probably "
it's time to get down to some serious business 
"last <propmale>, guys  selling my spot at hound ears  let me know if you want it "
meh         
must ace bio exam in order to feel justified in the absurd amounts of fun and irresponsibility this weekend guarantees 
"killed my bio exam! time to pack, stock up on pb & nutella, and head eight hours north for the boulders  climbing season, you're totally here!"
"aimee: \fried chicken is intense  that's not a joke \"""""
we decided not to climb today  instead we ate complimentary breakfast and are going back to sleep before we go eat more complimentary breakfast  (sike! weather's perfect! we're going to send everything!)
"lauren: is there lotion in here?\me: for your hands?\lauren: yes  no    for when i whack off "
"home after a refreshing weekend of childish tomfoolery  face in the crowd, we'll meet again, and i'll conquer you for sure "
maybe i can pass my classes if i spend approximately one million fewer hours at the climbing gym per week for the rest of the semester 
"yeah uh    wow, i'm exhausted "
"haha, buildering on campus tonight with sir candler "
"whoah, nightmares  been a while "
mornin' sunshine! could i pour for ya' a cup of <propfirst>?
i'm running stadiums around 4 smile 0 if anyone wants to join me 
autumn at dusk  perfect 
give it all you've got or what's even the point?
second chilean miner being rescued! this rescue process is the first good news to flood mass media since i can remember  i'm going to stay awake and watch until i can't keep my eyes open anymore 
mision cumplida chile!
i want to drink beer and watch climbing movies tonight  why doesn't alcove have a climber's night?!
part of me wants to party like it's 1999 tonight and part of me wanted to go to sleep like two hours ago 
i just slept past 7 smile 0am for the first time since late august  i feel so much better now 
spinning my wheels 
"watched the sun rise on a fireplace-scented horizon with sea salted hot chocolate in hand against the backdrop aroma of hot, freshly brewed coffee  there are worse ways to greet a cold sunday morning at <propfemale>, i tell ya' "
"bids <propfemale> <propfemale> duerden a warm adieu; cheers to your many ravishing french adventures! drink some espresso with your fashionably high-heeled legs crossed while smoking a <propfemale> superslim for me, mk?"
busiest day ever starting righhhhht    now!
whoah  exhaustion just hit me like a ton of bricks  and i'm running on fumes left over from a three hour night of sleep  and my day really isn't even half-way over yet 
who has the eighth edition of campbell-reece's biology textbook that uf and sfc use for core 1 and 2? i need it 
"better pick these lazy bones up and put them to work  i had a delish vanilla rooibus tea latte today, come let me make you one!"
getting on a rope to sport climb tonight with the only lady who could get this boulderer to do such a ridiculous thing 
angry birds 
walking on a cloud  just sent two projects in the gym that felt impossible two days ago 
"lunar halo effect, go look outside "
frustrated by the late october heat wave 
can we kick it? yes we can!
left my fingertips at hp40 
gotta' get back to go primal fitness this week 
"just bought some sickeningly sweet, seriously good quality ear buds  i've been wanting to do this for a really, really long time "
lab exams are fun 
four mile run around 9pm 
hot yoga 
i nearly forgot how painfully sore my shoulders become the day after 100 minutes of hot yoga  i've got the serious ouchies today 
"tying in, clipping, and whipping tonight "
hahahhahaa  it's actually stupid how tired and sore i am right now 
more yoga  more sport climbing  more balance 
uh oh  bad day on the horizon 
less than a month until finals  nose to the grindstone  icandoiticandoiticandoit 
ahahaha: http annoyed  www manrepeller com 2010 11 things-that-look-like-vaginas-gap-gets html
sony nex-3  owned 
duerdmeister is back in town 
"<propfemale> while talking about climbing at fontainbleu: \ugh we didn't have a map of the <propmale> and the boulder fields were deep within and i didn't want to get eaten by wolves   \"""""
what a crappy night of non-sleep i got 
i'm basically always down to nap 
http annoyed  www apple com 
is going to be in the middle of her hot yoga class when apple announces that the apocalypse is here  my timing is always horrendous 
"three dutch browns, a twin sisters, and inevitably some sake since <propmale> was involved  why is it always so much fun whenever i do this horrendous sort of thing to myself?"
can someone come to my job with a shotgun and put me out of my misery? i've had a headache for more than thirteen hours straight now 
"chattanooga bound  won't be back 'til after thanksgiving  love y'all, keep it real "
ropes today  like    on actual rocks  crazy 
the waterboys - fisherman's blues
stretching in a heated room for two hours-- i can't think of a better way to kick off my morning  hot yoga it is 
"dear chemistry, i fucking hate you, love <propfemale> "
it's sacrilegious to drink a cappuccino through a lid  and to not drink one while studying for finals 
"and if my thought-dreams could been seen   they'd probably put my head in a guillotine   but it's alright, <propfemale>, it's life, and life only"
37 paid hours per week > 16 paid hours per week
"i did two ironic things: started tweeting, and made hilarious vulgar jokes on quasi-official work documents  take me seriously please "
flaco's  you deny me your love on mondays for why?!
this timbuk2 messenger bag i'm customizing that i'll probably never splurge on is frigging amazing looking i should have been a designer 
what is this urge inside of me to bake? where is it coming from? does edging up to the brink of 24 bring with it the urge to suddenly bake?
i've got to stop clicking on 'confirm this order' buttons
"congratulations to every name i recognize in triple crown's final results for this season: chattanooga's <propfemale> mcmullen (3rd place open women overall), and grg's own <propfemale> syme (1st place intermediate women overall), <propfemale> mccleary (5th place intermediate women overall), and <propmale> <propfirst> mcgannon (3rd place intermediate men overall)  gainesville hasn't represented so hard at triple crown in years "
updizate upon discovering stories my dad wrote: kaleightyler wordpress com
iced pumpkin chai  mmm!
weirdest dreams 
friction! i'll be at the rock gym  basically for the rest of the day  yep 
"december, you're seriously killing me  i'm over this  stop "
will someone please come rope climb in the gym with me right now?!
idolatry: kaleightyler wordpress com
this kitchen aid pro standing mixer is basically growing cobwebs  i'm busting that bad boy out real soon 
lemon cheesecake with gingersnap crust!
baked my heart out these past two days  more tomorrow 
"uh, why did the new iphone update erase all of the music from my iphone? fail "
"shit's about to get real  i bought the big wood grips metolius hangboard  plateau, i will get over you "
"<propfemale> <propfemale>, y'all  love you  come get coffee!"
"<propfemale> christmas, ya' filthy animal!"
no sorrow in the world that a piping hot shower and a delicious treat baked from scratch can't remedy 
i almost forgot that i've been waiting all year for an appropriate occasion to share my favorite passage <propfirst> sedaris has ever written: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ucuhtdrca4s&feature=youtube_gdata_player
"yo, it's snowing in gainesville  in more exciting news, starbucks has phased christmas music out of its satellite radio queue and 'the <propmale>' by the cure has been reinstated  this allows a brief period of repose from my work-induced misery every time that song comes on during my shift "
"text from aimee: \um    want to bake together or is that too gay? i normally bake alone \"""""
"today: baking, climbing, and packing  life is good "
"chattanooga for a few days  happy new year, suckers  only one more after this before the apocalypse so you better do it big "
"incredible time in chattanooga, as usual "
"just booked my first training session with go primal fitness since september  if you don't hear from me after 6:15 on thursday night, maybe send a search party?"
rolled my left ankle climbing again  seriously not psyched about it 
watching black swan swiftly reminded me of how much i love leg warmers  new climbing outfit jam starting now 
"last night i foreran some of the boulder problems set for boulderpalooza today-- good luck, kids, it ain't gonna' be easy "
dp is recording music in my house right now  weird 
went to see red with <propfemale> tonight  probably the best movie ever of all time 
not enough fingertips after last night's 4 5hrs of gym climbing  too much hangover after the delicious <propfemale> ale <propfemale> and i snuck in to the movies last night 
wisdom of the head vs  wisdom of the heart
"i just had my four year anniversary with climbing  grg circa 2007: the gym hosted keg parties, we could climb after hours, people brought their dogs to the gym, we rode eleven deep to triple crown in a nine passenger rental <propfirst>, there weren't any cliques besides the members vs  day pass dichotomy, and loose chalk wasn't considered a criminal offense  those were the days "
warming up to bars at the climbing gym = i'm sending everything today
"dear iphone, tell your auto-correct spelling to stop trying to talk me out of calling <propfirst> <propfemale> a 'dumb bitch' via text by changing it to 'birch' every time  if you knew her, you'd understand  thanks!"
oh yes  this is a very exciting and productive week for moi 
"whoah, goprimal, way to make me hurt in all the best places  i'm thankful right now but will surely reconsider when my whole body aches tomorrow "
lucid dreaming feels bizarre 
"pumapunku in tiwanaku, bolivia  aliens, man  aliens!"
swooping in on my new whip this afternoon  who wants to go for a joy ride?!
"i just finished filing my taxes with taxact, you can try it for free: http annoyed  budurl com taxactfb1"
"coaching  climbing  sake beer at alcove and the bull  man, i kind of forgot how awesome two days off in a row are "
"kill me now, i'm fucking over this "
"eat sleep climb, amen "
i especially hate waking up to my saturday morning surprise!-you're-sick-as-hell-and-have-to-work-today alarm  at 5am  : annoyed hudder::
i just slept for seventeen hours 
angus & <propfemale> stone
"chattanooga, early friday "
"here comes a long nap, then it's time to crush some plastic "
holy wow  sickest i've been in years 
"i will make it through this crappy opening sift thanks to the following: sudafed, cough drops, hot tea, and ice water "
"oh, chattanooga  i love you even when your weather sucks balls "
time to invest in a thule aero rack  roof > ragtop 
have i mentioned that the new anathema album is so good?! geeze 
"i think i have an ear infection, hahahahaha  comical "
i'm going to send my project today  boom!
stadiums this afternoon  apparently i'm on a suicide mission 
"<propfirst>, to me just one second ago: \you look nothing like <propfirst> lohan\",4f7de72b8f522a08c19b67098e7eb3bf,who wants to go on a balls-to-the-wall-down-and-dirty sweaty climbing trip for at least a week in late march? i'm so sick of climbing on florida's finest old greasy plastic 
"gainesville, if you ever want to see me in a dress getting drunk again for the rest of your life you better be out on the town tonight  text to find me  that is all "
"teal anasazi lv to replace the third pair of katanas on my climbing shoe wheel  taking a giant leap of faith here, five ten, don't let me down "
metal night at the bull!
"thank you, perfect weather, for inspiring me to rekindle my relationship with distance running "
"wow  when my pelvic area felt sore after running last night, i thought maybe i had done something wrong until i read this: http annoyed  www active com page18921 aspx?un_jtt_redirect"
coffee then climbing  and dang that sunburn snuck up on me 
getting my running legs back  who's bouldering projects with me tonight?
<propfirst> is out-sassing me today  unprecedented moment in early morning history 
fifteen hour days are just crazy 
"dear saturday morning in florida, you are the most beautiful thing i have seen in ages "
running my first 5k ever with my cousin in april  finally i can train for distance running with purpose 
"if we take no <propmale> we can make no mistake, but how fucking cowardly!"
"running stadiums with <propmale> gonder, <propmale> marchionno, and <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> makes me feel young&alive  and nauseous, for sure "
new climbing shoes = lots of climbing tonight
and my adventures in route setting begin!
<propfemale> <propfemale> duerden is kinda' a big deal  she sent her first v7 (a face in the crowd) at lrc yesterday!
it's <propmale>'s birthday and he's coming to gainesville  shots shots shots shots shots!
skraight chillin'
"new say hi album, i'm a happy girl "
"note to self: remember to eat food more than once every 24 hours regardless of how busy you are or nausea will come and get'cha when you dump sugary chai and heavy whole milk into your empty void of a stomach  ok, got it "
"admittedly i'm more than a little obsessed with divide&kreate's lady gaga eurythmics mash-up  it's a dance party in my head, on repeat, all day  i'm finally going public with this "
"aw shucks, thanks for the birthday wishes you guys  i had ice cream for breakfast, am setting routes at the climbing gym with one of my best friends all day, and am making up for the lack of birthday debauchery in spades for a week in key west at the end of the month  love y'all!"
there is some sick sequence in my genetic coding that causes me to enjoy being on the move from 5am until 11pm  every  single  day 
eight hours straight in a climbing harness  i am too grown up for diapers i thought?
since when is <propfemale> the new lady gaga? i wish better people would make synth-drenched dance music so that i could refrain from having so many guilty pleasures 
amazing late birthday present to myself: messenger from burrobags com
good dubstep is seriously entrancing 
i hate busy mornings  don't these people know i just want to sit around drinking chai and doing crosswords for the next two hours before i have to deal with anyone? f'real 
"\can't nobody make you make any music that you don't wanna' make  remember that \"" http annoyed  smokingsection uproxx com tss 2011 03 lupe-fiasco-responds-to-his-albums-bad-reviews"""
"boston for heart ov zteel  3 24-3 27, key west for white sand and turquoise water 3 30-4 3 "
bassnectar's 'magical world' is seriously ear sex  i don't even know what just happened inside of my brain 
"govinda, you're needed at starbucks: \where's govinda? i need someone to play videos to me from the internet \"" - <propfirst>"""
six hours away from eleven insane days of glorious freedom 
"en route to boston at 8 smile 0am tomorrow  i guess now would maybe be a good time to start packing, who knows "
"we watched ass clap how-to videos by <propfemale> the body a k a \thunderclap\"" tonight  the physics of that are astounding """
"key west, you're about to get a little more insane than you already are  hitting the road tonight-- incoming!"
crawled duval last night  savage brutality 
