c0b9a3699153f812750fdd0f3673186f
happy new year!!!!!
"filthy flea-ridden* little animals who jump up on the counter, stinking little rats who try to steal our food, who then try to get away, or bluff it out with a purr  can anyone venture a guess as to what i'm angry at?  *okay, so they are not flea-ridden, "
what's high in the middle and round at both ends? that's where i'm going today 
biking medium distance with hills + <propmale>fay + <propfemale>-with-an-attitude = <propfemale> and <propmale> with stinky attitudes  it was an enjoyable ride nonetheless 
"fireflies, fireworks, and the fourth of july  awesome "
back from philly  the phillies won twice while we were there  then we had to drive back with pinky and the brain and the <propfemale> pain  seeing the sieber relatives was nice 
today i discovered that caffeine-free orange seems to help me wake up  though that may have been the twix bar   
having a cold stinks  it really stinks  i slept most of the afternoon and still feel like i've had the snot kicked out of me 
"yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me   "
i survived the history test  now i've just have to worry about my grade on it 
we are starting our drive to nc in 5 or 10 minutes  i think i'll be asleep most of the way 
"remember remember the fifth of november                                                               gunpowder, treason, and plots   "
how many times must i listen to the same conversation about bonzo? this happens almost every time i go in johns car 
<propfemale>'s bridal shower = awesomeness  and the masterworks chorale was really cool 
happy birthday to my little brother <propfirst>!
happy thanksgiving!!
wants to go to zanzibar to see the zanzibarbarians 
"inter <propfemale>, ire fortiter quo nemo ante iit  in libris libertas"
"<propfemale> christmas mr  potter! ~ <propfirst> <propfemale>, it's a wonderful life"
had an awesome time at the crowley!!!
"happy new year dudes and dudettes, ladies and gentlemen, and all other people out there!"
happy new year!
"and so, the great cider conflict has been resolved   "
"pasties are the perfect pastry, always good and always tasty "
"had a good first class, and can already tell that this class will be interesting "
"if you and i woke up in jail together   using only four words, what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends have to say  (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair)"
"whose woods these are i think i know  his house is in the village, though; he will not see me stopping here to watch his woods fill up with snow  ~robert frost"
apple crisp is awesome 
freudian theory should be banned in mixed company  especially in shepherd classrooms 
spartans rock!
on our way to nc for the ball!!!!
"a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walk into a gap    and realized it's the beginning of a bad joke "
"is never, ever going to eat anything with soy in it now  food inc  just killed any thoughts i may have ever had about eating soy  did you know that over 90% of all soybeans in <propfemale> are genetically modified, and drenched in pesticides and stuff?!"
happy birthday stef!
"\the most wasted of all days is one without laughter \"" e e  cummings"""
today is a beautiful day!
it is way too hot to be early april 
just made chocolate chip cookies 
is solidifying her reputation as the meanest sister 
"according to my classmates in english, i am both smart and ocd  and i also take life too seriously "
just saw iron man 2  it was awesome!!
thanks for all the birthday wishes! i've had a wonderful birthday!
"loves oil painting, but had forgotten how hard it is to get it off of hands and elbows "
i got a haircut!!
"thanks to all who serve this great nation, whether at home or abroad  and many thanks to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in service to this country "
"had a wonderful time in d c , and hopes to revisit the american history museum again sometime soon "
"i\ pledge allegence to the flag, of the united states of america,and to \the republic for which it stands, one nation, under god,invisible, with \<propfemale>, and justice for all  repost if you think god, our country, and \our flag deserves respect!! lets see how many americans will repost \this "
happy independence day!
just saw toy story 3  it was decently done for a sequel 
got accepted to shepherd full-time this fall  cool 
"for i know the thoughts that i think toward you, says the lord, thoughts\ of peace and not of evil, to give you a future and a hope  (<propmale> 29:11)"
is there anything better than the smell of freshly baked bread?   
happy thanksgiving!!
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe with all your heart  <propfemale> christmas!"
god is awesome! i just got to see a totally cool total lunar eclipse!!
had an awesome time in colonial williamsburg!!
elderberry extract tastes rather odd   
"snowboarding + slightly clumsy person = huge, huge ouches   "
"had a good first day of classes, and i can already tell that some of them will be quite interesting   "
"today has not been a very good day, but hey! after this past weekend, not much could beat that in terms of 'bad days' "
"someone told me earlier, that i should be a mass comm  <propmale>  i'm not sure what to think of that   "
"i personally believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this \\happy saint <propfirst>'s day   smile "
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you   any takers?"
