3477d1fea4b752c0ffb0d27b69f0e72a
"so   i watched a home video of a time when i was like 2   and <propfemale> was \attempting\"" very hard to reverse park a station wagon   at our home on columbine    it was quite entertaining  the \""beeping sound\"" means you need to turn the lights off    lol"""
wishing i had money   i want to move    to gramma's   
moving to gramma's temporarily     then away from mark    i am scared    
tired and stoked to be working backstage for <propfemale> festival in fort collins   yay i am a groupie    lol
omg <propfemale> fest was a blast and i got all the bands to sign my pair of pants   yay
happy birthday to jonny he's 2   omg   i feel old       
okay    big step ahead    need tips on little boy potty training    besides cheerios    he'll just want to eat them   
ugh   do you think that it's healthy to take 17 flights in a three week period???
"ooo, i always knew there was a secret, shady side to my daughter   a mafia <propfemale>?  wow "
had a wisdom tooth pulled today   and currently my fingers are talking way better than my mouth   the right side of my face feels non existent   and i have come to terms with not being able to eat hard things like potato chips and popcorn for a month   i 
does anyone ever have the feeling that they have been wrongfully accused????    especially when it's something very drastic that could stick with you for the rest of your life!!!!    it sucks 
got a haircut   9 dollars yay    and i now have layers upon layers upon layers of gorgeous hair   yay
yay!!!!   comcast internet yay!!!!!!! it makes the gamers happy     
well now that i can't feel the left side of my face    damn dentists
i got my computer for school!!! huzzah!!!
"ugh  must have morecoffeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!     sugar, *twitch*, so sleeeeeepy, must have more cof    zzzzzzzzzzzz"
i licked a gangster in line at the bank because the voices told me to 
you know that you have too many drinking <propfirst>s in the <propfirst> pool when your goal is to have a hangover    but you don't get them    even on your 21st     lol    but i guess it's a good thing   lmao    remembering your birthday is always much more fun    
i have tamed the tiger within    no more crazy voices speaking blasphomy in my brain   and hey!!!!    i know the voices aren't real    but they have some damn good ideas    *devilish smile*
whew!   band practice was freaking amazing   except for someone being a little *cough* drunk    and then it's also great when you get like 6 hours of free liquor    woot!!!   i love it love it love it!!!!
color wheels    *sigh*   school assignments are getting to the point where i am falling asleep at the computer   lame   oh well   on to the next one   
so   working 12 hour days is just fantastic    especially when the weather is just perfect for swimming with your son    
"so, our society likes to hire efficient worker's right?   why is it that i have to be so efficient that i make myself bored for hours on end?   it boggles my mind   "
it's too early and coffee won't fix it this time   fml
what happens to a person when for the first 6 hours of their day nothing goes right?   and there's no coffee   please let me know so i can correct what happened to me this morning 
"why is it that people end up being really shallow, assholes, perverts, players, or a combination of any of the above  sometimes i just can't stand myself in giving anyone the benefit of the doubt in getting any sort of a <propmale> to start with  what's wrong with me?"
"another day at work, another boring, uneventful, undistinguished, unimportant, ridiculously lame day of my life  something tells me that \i could be doing something much more intriguing with my life today  but, it's not happening   *sigh*"
"you can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel   "
woot!!!   go yard sales   i love making money when i need it most   lol
ugh   can't sleep for anything right now  so many things running through my mind   dear god make the thoughts stop and make it hurt less
falling asleep with tears in your eyes causes crying headache hangovers  especially when you get very little time of sleep in between the annoying periods of consciousness 
"i guess when they say that ignorance is bliss, the one saying it is ignorant  because not knowing can kill you "
"omg   too many invites, i guess i should check fb more often  because going through 200 invites and gift requests is ridonculous"
so many questions have been asked and so few answered correctly   i feel like i have been taking a state college exam    *system crash* * system reboot*
quiz wars are so much fun    
what do you do when someone you love more than anything gets hurt by the hands of someone that claims love and adoration of the one you love? do you stand up knowing you or someone you care for dearly could get hurt? or do you let that fear keep you silent and obedient?
omg   i have been awake for 31 1 2 hours without sleep   and for someone like me who loves to sleep   that's a real problem   lol
"what are you supposed to do when the ground seems so firm beneath you, your faith in humanity so strong, and your vulnerability is at its highest point   and then your taken advantage of, the human race fails you again, and the ground beneath you ceases to exist anymore and your left falling for eternity? tell me what would you do next?"
woot!!! today may be the day that the broncos are reborn 
"how many things can go wrong in one day, and of all days, a monday?"
"you're brave, copy this to your status  see\what people pick for you  (1) crazy (2) wish we went out  (3)\talkative  (4) awesome (5)lovable  (6)pretty (7) strong  ( smile  dumb  (9)\fun (10) hot (11) wild (12)goofy  (13) funny (14) freakin' awesome \(15) amazing (16)beautiful (17) i love    you ?(1 smile have a lot of issues"
"one of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else "
"“i love you not because of who you are, but because of who i am when i am with you "
"it\ hurts to love someone and not be loved in return, but what is the most \painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person \know how you feel "
relationships are like glass  sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together 
"the problem with love is, that you can love anyone you want, but so can he "
i like it in my car   
"i love when you are a person that doesn't like to talk about what's going on with their life, and you come to a point where you need to talk to someone, no one's there to listen when you are the one that listens to everyone  thank you everyone!"
woot! i'm working on being awake for 51 hours with only 6 hours of sleep spread out into increments of 1 or 2 at a time   i love coffee   until it runs out  sad day
"i like it in my car, on the porch, in the bathroom, and on my bedside table  but only when i can find it "
yay!!!   super stoked that my surprise for gramma was a success!!!   p s  will have new photos of gramma's and my new looks up later
go broncos!!!!!    and i will be catching some z's   so please   no phone calls   love you guys
"goodnight cruel daytime world    oh, sweet bed full of comfiness filled with silky sheets, secretly hiding a warm heating pad, and topped with the comforter of epic delight   here's to you   i love you"
"oh the beauty of overnights    *yawn*   i've been awake for 26+ hours   please, no phone calls   text all you want   but no phone calls    i'm sleeping   zzzzzzzzzz     "
bored at work    *sigh*   proficiency + determination has a downfall
i have the evo   yay!!!
<propfemale> poker tournament at hatrixx! starts at 12 sign up at 11! cash first place! hatrixx is located on south college between loveland and fort collins!
yay   we have our broncos back
holy bananas!    percocet and norflex need with your head so bad   woooo!   the floor won't stop moving on me    
back to school    *yawn*    so sleepy though
how is it that the judicial system can be blind to those whom are broke   
how can some parents think that relocating their child to a new daycare is such a simple and easy task? it's careless and reckless   
"hey guys, great website with awesome deals for your holiday shopping   check it out and pass it to your friends and family- http annoyed  jaimemarrs excelprocenter com"
poker dealing+7 hours+ cold weather+back problems laugh isaster solution?=percocet = happy parent   
yay!!! mcdaniels was finally fired!!!!    
"<propfemale>, whiskey, and gin on the rocks please"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
woot! just another poker tourney taken down!   the rockstar is back!
"eff all the people that are pro astrological date change, just because they decide to change it doesn't mean they are going to change who we were born to be!!!"
stupid white flakes of rapid decent causing inconvenience    go away   
"when i asked ky son if he was a crazy monkey he simply replied without a pause \no  i'm crazy jonny baby \""   all i could do was smile   """
"woohoo!!! vicodin makes the world a happy place  now if only the pain of extracted wisdom teeth didn't have to be the aftermath, everything would be okay "
wish me luck up the hill!!!!    yay!!!   black hawk here i come    
"round #2 in black hawk, keep the luck coming!!"
"bright, <propfemale>, and snowing   love colorado"
avocado
"it's too early, ugh!!!!    must locate coffee now!!!!"
"well, here goes, surgery should only last an hour and a half, i should be back home by 5 smile 0 as long as there are no complications"
"hey, surgery went smoothly, a little nauseous, but thank god for food and drink   so thirsty    "
"so, all surgery did for my neck is make it ugly, freakish, and pregnant   fml"
"so, the most gross and terrifying thing about post-op neck surgery is having to get fluid drained   ew   ow!!!"
"for someone like me who hates needles a lot, i have done very well with getting stuck 9 times in less than 5 hours   fml"
