925dc234f2eb9190eb77be0d0c142c37
too hot
hallow there
hurreh!!!! pakistan wins!!!
brazil 3 vs 0 italy!! that's my brazil  can destroy any defence 
all of them suck
this is gonna be so much exciting!!! i'm eagerly waiting for it 
that was a nice trip  one i can never forget 
is bored
"\every ending lifts to a new beginning  so don't be upset of 1 ending rather accept it with the beginning of a new advanture \"""""
"\unfortunately this might be the end of another adventure! thinking   what's new waiting for me  \"""""
wasi   u gotta see the change soon
exam!!!!!!!!! again!!! pray for me buddies  my preperation is the worst ever in my life!!!!
indeed the first exam labour law was great!!!
"i think i did it again  i made u beleive  we'r more than just friend   oh babe, but it doesn't mean that i'm serious        "
exam will be over today 
atlast its raining!!
thats what i call revenge!!
huh   there comes the new one!!
it was the best launch journey i've ever had!! saturday 6 to 9 pm!! on sharinodi 
mj!! my facebook <propfemale> is overloaded by u!! i miss u  u can check my <propfemale> 
won 10000 today!!
just another day to remember  this is so much fun
great day!!!! but          
my birthday today  and my new friend semi is the first to wish me  as to new and old both clock  lol
god   got the third proposal last night!! and 2nd in past one month!!
oh god   days are going great   and sometimes silly too!! what am i doing??? is this real me?
this is gonna be so much fun!! wcg world championship qualifying round next friday!
ramadan mubarak!!
good morning everyone
got headache again   i just hate it 
my uncle died yesterday
exammm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had some nice time today at officers club
had some shopping tonight  lol
at home now
lol  going well
its too warm  i'm dying!!
"\wants to be a <propmale> again   want to see the world alone again   so let me go   let me leave \"""""
to lie is a great sin
sorry guys  sorry for late  was so busy due to the absence of driver lol  eid mubarak to u all 
no good deed goes unpunished 
lucky day   66k in one hour! playing poker
won 90k today and lost 30k  isn'n it great??!!! lol
eid mubarak to u all 
3 stupids!! oh god just hate those three stupids  among those 2 are here
"it was nice to meet all my seniors and juniors!! 21, 22 and 23 january 2010  can never forget those 3 days  met all those who studied (who are alive) in our school on the 175th year celebration of our school "
at last gonna have fun again!!!
wow!! it is raining now!! winter over!
its raining!! winter over! so sad  i love winter most
it is the best <propfemale> i've ever had!! 8 out of 8 was correct  and for the first time i wasn't nervous 
mid-term knocking at the door
tomorrow first exam
mid-term over   sigh   at last can relax for two days  only!!
it was raining in sylhet in the morning   and now at evening while in dhaka raining again   nice to see the rain   but    
back on track!! got highest in exam again after a semester!
soooo     sleepy   and yet to complete term-paper!!
job well done!! managed to submit the term paper in time after worknig so hard!! and now   the teacher extended the deadline for one day! this is very unfair 
sigh   got a vacation of four days due to teachers sickness!!
will not be attending university from 1st till 10th april
i haven't even missed a single class!! where i was sure that i'd miss 8 classes in a week!!
ya   i missed   i missed   both of the classes today   not on my wish   but because of traffic jam!!
i missed   i missed both the classes today   but not bcz i wanted but bcz of traffic jam!! was stuck 3 hours!! this is disgusting  
had some nice moments in <propfemale> 
mid-term next week
listening to desert <propfemale> by sting and loving it  see the video & lyrics: http annoyed  www tunewiki com t eyrv
for the first time using slang on public   that hijacker was a fucker indeed   but thanks to god that i escaped safe  
goodbye facebook
