d4c2d5afd3a3d8ab56bbe130f0dcd8b5
ha i made it on here finally!! and all it is costing me is acing my permit test 
when you get ready to move you realize something   there's a lot of crap to pack 
"hey, i'll take fcat everyday if it means free popsicles!"
people i don't even know are coming into my house to look at it   i feel violated 
taking brother to alesana concert on 24th  this is going to be interesting 
syracuse won!! hello sweet sixteen!!
alesana tonight!!!! can't wait! should be interesting to say the least  fba tomorrow  oh boy 
the rest of the week sucked platypus crap  fba wasn't good  syracuse lost  just glad it's spring break 
bored out of my mind  no car today  spring break is off to a slow start 
<propfirst>- i think ciel just pissed himself!! me- no   he threw up  <propfirst>- are you kidding me?!       hysterical
"ok honestly, how many minutes did you think it took me to open a frickin' lawn chair with my mom's help?   too many"
"wow, yard work just makes me hate plant life in general "
can you say this providence on tuesday? heck yes!!!
oh yeah!! who just got their permit?! me!
this providence tonight! anyone going?
just made a formspring account  too lazy to post the link though  under mik09
anberlin just makes me smile  i love them 
to the mall!!! with <propfirst> dowell !
got a haircut  7 inches off  dinner- ramen and doritos  yum!!
burned my thumb  ouch  its april and i'm listening to christmas music?
advertising project= death
homework is eating me  joy  sick puppies tomorrow at the bourbon night club! maybe motion city soundtrack this weekend??
"sick puppies tonight!! it's gonna be amazing, if dom and <propmale> can last!"
"\tell me that your alright  everything is alright \""-  everythin is alright-motion city soundtrack  this song makes me smile!"""
motion city soundtrack blows my mind!!! amazing!!  best concert of the year by far!!
after jazz i got dropped on my back in the parking lot  thanks a lot guys  ha!
so it was either that play at clearwater or the spring fling at my brother's elementary school? guess who won         the spring fling of course!!! ha!
"sometimes i wish i had my own special theme song, like all the superheroes  it'd play everytime i did something totally awesome, which would be all the time  just kidding, it get annoying lol"
"getting ready to perform heart surgery via computer, should be interesting "
"watching the music man! the kid with the lisp is my favorite  plus \goodnight my someone\"" is a really good song """
ok so i just figured this out- in 32 days i will be out of the state of florida  we move june 10th  holy crap! i'm gonna be gone soon!
right now i just hate books stores in general  all they sell is vampire crap and stupid girl-clique related things  make the generic stop 
cute is what we aim for with <propfemale> khalil on the 23rd! anyone else gonna go??
"i'm offically a lumber-jack, minus the beard "
just cleaned up dog piss for my neighbor  oh the joys of taking care of animals 
ogms band concert tomorrow  so it should be interesting ha!
the only reason i go to ogms concerts is to see my friends! and they are the best 
"band banquet tonight, pre-school reunion thing tomorrow, concert on sunday  besides all the stupid projects the weekend looks good "
busted my butt in a chili's parking lot tonight  dinner was so much fun!  i love my friends!!
cute is what we aim for tonight!! topher!!
i love fun 
arigatos tonight for dom's b-day then football game!!
hour to pack the u-haul  half-hour to un-pack it  less than a minute to destroy a desk 
set it off concert tonight! anyone going?  old house is offical sold  new house is basically done  only 11 more days in this state 
so just found out my mom likes hawthorne heights  go figure  also found a new concert venue in nc! already got tickets to see sick puppies up there!!
last day of school tomorrow!! *happy dance*  what the heck?! only a week left? where has the time gone?
going to one of <propfemale> frazier's amaz-uh-ing parties! can't wait!!!
my house is in boxes! it's sad 
so today was my last offical day in the great sunshine state  i'm really going to miss all of you guys!! thanks for everything!! on the other hand i'm not going to miss the weather! ha! i love you guys!
"so today marks my one week in nc  i'm living in somewhat hick-ville, corn on the side of the road, actual hills and working train tracks  i am bored out of my mind!!!"
"nothing like blaring the proclaimers \i'm gonna be\"" at 9 smile 0 at night  so glad we don't have neighbors yet!"""
"<propmale> zusak is the most brilliant author in the world  i love his writing style! go read his \i am the messenger\""  favorite book """
"train, why?? why aren't you headlining?? and why for the love of stuff are you touring with <propfirst> mayer??!!! he sucks! now i don't even want to go to your show because of him "
going to miss <propfemale> <propmale>'s today!!! can't wait!!
so just bought 3oh!3's new album  what does everyone else think??
"honestly, anberlin needs to put out their new album now  september is so far away, i don't think i can wait that long "
"ikea is the most overrated store on the planet, hate that store  stupid "
new york tomorrow!! family and cheese curd!!! yes!!
in new york! coming home tuesday  still haven't gotten cheese curd yet 
"dear dad, is there a specific reason why you decided to take the wii, gamecube, and the kid's computer to work with you today?"
went to target and saw a snuggie with skulls and crossbones on it    yeah cause you are really gonna look like a badass in one of those 
i want a sidehack!!! who wants to help me pay for one??
just watched the original karate kid   amazing! is it sad i almost cried??
"ed,edd n <propmale>  you can't go wrong with that show  ever "
"<propfemale>, nc- you suck because you have no place for small bands to play and i hate you for that   i miss the state and even the orpheum "
ants have infested my house!! i'm being eaten alive 
sick puppies tonight!!! hell yeah!!
new york again tomorrow  and then again in two weeks  pulaski again 
home sunday  the start of band camp on monday  should be interesting to say the least 
so while i went to band camp today my dad took my brother and sister to carowinds  there is something wrong with this 
got back from nyc yesterday  fun but two days there is enough  guess i won't be moving there  ha 
orientation today at weddington  should be interesting! wish me luck!
"so got my schedule  i only have four classes a semester, but algebra 2 in the morning? give me a break please! band practice tonight  first game tomorrow "
if my dad agrees i'm thinking nov  28th at the state with mayday parade and breathe <propfemale>  yeah that's right!! i'm coming back to florida just to see a concert!! forget my friends!! haha!! just kidding!! who else is gonna go??
drove my dad's corvette today! score one for me!
"everyone enjoy going back to school tomorrow  me, i'll be enjoying one more day of summer! suckers!"
1st day tomorrow! i get to wear my finn shirt from adventure time!
new neighbors are trying to steal the community cats  wtf  my trombone broke and now is gone for 2 weeks  there is nothing to do up here really and i have school tomorrow  life you kinda suck right now 
driver's <propmale> was made for the sole purpose of boring people to death  spelling test tommorow          can you say fail??
so weddington is just like p-park except for less asian and the people up here have more money to buy drugs with 
"i guess i'm sass e  chastain \plus friend\"" now lol  preview tomorrow for band  thanks mani mezquite for calling me during school today! ha!"""
"my new english teacher can go jump in a ditch  mr  <propfirst>, i miss you right now "
sometimes talking to my dad is like talking to a brickwall 
band practice then   glee!! so excited for it!! and florida is a go for thanksgiving! can't wait to see some of you guys!
nbt line-up drops 10 4  my mom and i have already started guessing the line up lol
what the heck i'll do it too  truth is      
homecoming game tomorrow  competition on saturday  sunday can't come soon enough!
"this is mik's sister <propfirst>, mik really needs to learn to log out of facebook  laugh "
i have just realized i'm a stereotypical female driver   my night has just been ruined 
loving how in most of streetlight manifesto's videos something is killed in a violent matter 
this is mik's sister <propfirst> obvisously she forgot to log off again so hi everybody! mik really needs to learn to log off!
hi it's <propfirst> again so i'm just gonna pretend that i'm mik  laugh 
"my little sister is the world's best sister in the world she's so amazingly cool and awesome and        did i mention she's awesome? oh yeah i did anyways, her name is <propfirst> bellardini and she's beast and very witty as she would call herself and shelikes to go around the house dancing like an idiot and yeah this is really long so i'm done bye! laugh "
the grading system is so messed up here  i got a 90 in math on my report card but it counts as a b  can you say wtf??
passed the permit test up here  still can get license in april! yes!!
game sucked tonight  14 hours tomorrow with the band at app state  i'm going to freeze 
thanks for all the b-day wishes!! you guys made my day!!
just spent the last hour carving my pumpkin!! it's awesome!! ten bucks to the person who can guess what it is 
"i've spent my whole day watching dr  <propmale>, <propfemale> griffin, and say yes to the dress  worked on english project       kinda  i'd say today was pretty amazing "
so i froze my butt off only to watch us lose the biggest game of the season  alright cool 
no school tomorrow! nc is actually good for something  got an extra ticket for motion city on saturday  anybody want it??
"some people should not be allowed to crowd surf, but other than that amazing show last night!!"
"mik stop forgetting to log off all you need to do is click the button!\this is <propfirst> again playful  she keeps forgetting to log off!!!"
florida tomorrow! can't wait to see everyone! if you wanna <propfemale> shoot me a text!
florida!!!! i want a publix sub right now!!
"so last night was amazing!! saw <propfemale> frazier , <propfemale> khalil  <propfemale> <propfemale> villota , and <propfirst> phelps  found a cool bracelet, got a whole water bottle spilled on me, got flashlighted, <propfirst> <propmale> did a cameo, and i saw <propfirst>  florida is amazing "
"so i ate some of my brother's <propfemale> nut cheerios, the frickin' kid beat me with my sister's boot "
"for those of you at nbt today, i hate all of you "
the pond behind my house was frozen over this morning  19 degrees outside in the morning   i miss florida weather!
"let's do the fork in the garbage disposal, yes??"
it's snowing!!!
"holy shit it's christmas  you're suppose to be happy, act like it damn it  school can not come soon enough "
i hate chocolate chip muffins  gross 
just got back from the checkers game  it was fun  school tomorrow eh 
nevershoutnever! is on the new ap edition    i think i just threw up in my mouth a little 
snow day!
no school tomorrow either  you'd think the world was ending 
i just made jellotime com the homepage on my computer  i have never felt more accomplished 
<propfirst> white  enough said 
4 hour math exam tomorrow  this sucks 
just bought a spiderman coloring book  best 3 bucks i've ever spent 
"watching any of the used's music videos is like taking a bad drug trip, i swear "
"just got the complete 2nd season of <propmale>, <propmale>d n <propmale>dy  yeah my life is good "
"ha! mik keeps forgetting to log off!\~dominique bellardini"
"hey mik notice it now?! you forgot to log off yet again!\~dominique bellardini"
"hehehehe mik forgot to log off again!\~dominique bellardini"
"honestly, i could probably eat pizza everyday of the week  that's how much i love it "
"if mumford & sons don't win the grammy, i don't know what i'm going to do  that performance was amazing!"
got my backpack closed in the bus doors today  that's never happened to me before 
go <propmale> bayne!! that was an awesome finish! <propmale> busch you're a douche for wrecking smith  smith had that 
hops tonight! yes!
this week just sucks in general  can it be the weekend yet?
i swear i'm allgeric to my cat  she laid on me for 5 mins tops and now my forehead wont stop itching  damn animal 
atlanta tomorrow!
"first you do this, then spin around stop! double take 3 times-1,2,3  then pelvic thrusts! woo! woo! stop on your right foot and don't forget it! now it's time to bring it around town- aww yeah "
two projects in one night? oh yeah go me 
just got off the phone with <propmale> q  nguyen  the conversations we have are always so interesting lol
babysitting tonight from 7 to whenever 
