6ab4a7ccbcccc1a3ea96d1de34017434
this place scares me   
"barbarians, fighters and paladins, are the best of all character classes"
ummmmm   
today i get to mow two lawns!
"tales of the sword, go see it now!"
"just got back from watersking all weekend, im tired as ever!"
"just got home from my unlces house, lots of boating and wii action!"
"my day sucked! i got angery at a computer, and had farted in class, sigh   "
"home is almost done, but ill do it tomarrow in homeroom  dont know what to write for a speech for honor society   "
"woke up    sat in bed, sneezed about 16 times, and off to school "
"its the weekend!!!! now i just have to write my njhs speach, sigh   "
am i the only one who wakes up this early on weekends?
i partied all day long and now i'm off to bed   
vote <propmale> <propfirst> for njhs president!
"today i danced in spanish class, not so goodly  also just finished speech, off to do rest of my homework "
i' the presidant of national <propmale> honor soceity!
"another boring day at school, 100-something days left to go "
"finaly this week is over, going to be scuba diving this weekend "
"just now got home from scuba diving, off to go play some halo 3 odst "
   
me and <propmale> just finished building our roller coaster 
"going on 11 mile hike, wish me luck "
don't ever get sent to mip! worst e playful erience ever! but im still alive 
our science project is finsihed    hopefully 
boy scout camporie is cancelled! yay!!!!!!
"i'm glad i missed the no mir partuy, i've already seen the movie anyway   annoyed "
"just got back form trick or treating, im soaked to the bone "
another day of school over  yay 
"almost missed the bus, forgot to get my instrument  but i made it "
all county chorus thing today    it was    boring  annoyed 
i just banged my knee into the wall  it hurt  sad 
all county chorus tonight    sigh 
i just logged on and i found i have over 100 unanswered requests  is that like a recod or something?
all county chorus concert tonight 
"going to run 2 <propmale>, in the rain "
"ok i just ran it, and i'm wet, my legs are soar, and i have a really bad cramp in my left side, but i feel i accomplished something "
"just finished our dinner, it was awsome  also we fed our dog allitle bit of turky, she really liked it "
"just got home from honor soceity meeting, not pleasant"
"got home from sorting cans at school, i was the last one to leave, and got home at 5:14"
studying for spanish   
"my head hurts, i got stiches in my head "
"its snowing, yay!"
just finished shoveling snow  it's cold outside
goinf up to new hampshire soon for christmas 
"my birthdays coeming up too! i dont know why people fear the holidays, it must be an adult thing, i guess once im 21 i'll see why "
"my brother is n the hospital because he fell down the elevator in our grandparents house house  soooo    dont bother asking how, its just a long story "
lets just hope <propmale> <propmale> can also be on next years ball dropping 
"schools cancelled, again   "
"i wore my patriots shirt to school today: i wasn't surprised to see alot of purple, i bet they wouldn't have worn those shirts if the ravens lost though   "
bowling tomarrow!!!!!!!
i learned two things today: 1  i cant bowl  2  when bowling it is not a good idea to step on the <propfirst> unless you want to slide around and fall 
"now i get to go to first aid training, yay   (sarcasim  annoyed )"
"i get to stick it to the man tommarrow, civil disobidience for the win!"
"klondike was cold, our troop won 5 ribbons: a new record!"
no school again tommarow
no school again tommarrow 
did lots of skiing this weekend 
i took a poop
"i just saw kick ass, and it was awsome!"
"was a line leader at oa weekend, hard work "
"last monday i got in trouble for many many reasons, one of them being saying and inappropiate word to a sub teacher  i got mip and was grounded for 2 weeks, from xbox, tv, and my laptop  i actually had to play outside  i went to some boyscout leadership training thing this weekend when i was put in the same patrol as a mean girl (who let them in boyscouts), and now i am home and my day at school was so-so "
found out today that the school lacross sticks are easy to break 
"first njhs meeting as not presisdant, it was pretty short "
i can't hear you i'm sleeping   
suits are awsome 
"just saw hangover, why does <propfirst> <propmale> have a tiger?"
"middle school is done!!!! no more mrs jacobs, mrs <propmale>, mr jones, mrs close, and all the rest!"
"went to a bonfire last night, my geomertry practice book was the first thing i tossed in the fire, followed by all of the spanish work "
i'm useing the ipad at the apple store right now  
"it says i installed facebook for iphone, but i dont even have an iphone! must have did something at thr <propmale> store when playing with all of the ipads "
i some how found internet!111!!!!!one!!
i am at a family reunion doing what ever you do at family reunions   
"saw the movie miss march on on demand, the best part is was that they were the same guys from whitest kids you know "
"another day of band camp done, 6 more to go    *sigh*"
"band camp lesson: half the band is decent people, everyone else is annoying stupid etc "
"drum major: how are your feet!?\\me: ahhhh-laha-ahh, 1st um band!"
"band: whatz that in da sky!!!!!!!!!!!!!111!!!!eleven!!!!!!!!11!\me: o my god, a goose!!!!!!!!!11one11!!11\*runs up and kicks it*\me: hardcore "
im home from band camp but don't have a funny thing to say      hardcore!
"<propfirst> collins: you can't get dehydrated when its cool out\me: yeah you can \<propfirst>: yeah but its highly unlikely\me: well say you just did 299 billion push-ups? i would be pretty dehydrated   "
"someone whos read fallen angels for summer reading, send me a  facebook message with an attachment of your report and book notes if you typed them   "
some party   
yeah!!!! schools tommarow!!!!!!!!!!!!! yaeh!!!! im so pumped! yeah! i cant wait!!!!!!!! wooohoo!!!11!!! omg!!!1 like this if you think sarcasim is funny 
"well im in high school now, it might be different than middle school, but that dosen't make it fun "
introduction to engineering design = best freaking class in the world 
whats on your mind?
another hardcore day of band practice is done 
"first marching band game: hardcore \(can someone tell me the final score)"
this is the part of the movie when i make a post about the inspirational moment at band practice   
"yeah stuck at home right now with no ride to that party thing tonight, i might show up after 7 surprise 0"
"away game was good, bus ride home, not so much "
whats on your mind?
"this is the part were i post the lyrics to some song or a quote, and a bunch of people like it and post  love 's in the comment box  then people like me wonder what the heck is going on   "
"well my fellow freshmen, we got 4th place this year, thats better than 5th "
had a hardcore time at <propfirst> arena 
parkour!!!!!
"i just got a skype, and there is no one to talk too   "
"i finally got black ops, i had no idea what i was missing   "
"im in new hampshire, and i found the internet!"
"freakin facebook, all the names on the side of the <propfemale> are on top of everything! new format sucks, if it ain't broken, don't fix it "
"jesus has a lot of candles to blow out, i wonder if god uses trick candles  <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
"if any one goes to a mall today, telll me if they see a \meet <propfirst> <propmale> king\"" thing in place of the mall santas """
"super man should come to school, beat up the teachers and give us all a's on our finals   "
anyone know how to defriend people?
"today in chemistry, mr  <propfirst> told us to go to <propfemale> 25 in our books, he started to talk, we never read a word in the book the whole class   "
"oh my god, <propfirst> sandler wanted the jets in the super bowl!!? a traitor to to new england if you ask me  anyway    green bay all the way! look out <propmale> rapist-burger!"
<propmale> <propmale> got offensive mvp player of the year!!! yeah go patriots    (and greenbay too)
some half time     surprise 
"about time, packers score another touch down! suck it pittsberg!"
yeah green bay all the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you god!!!!!!!! hellz yeah! go home pittsberg!!!!!!!!
