dcc93a7c6a3c173dab106756e215a576
????happy new year????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????
we lost our beloved sister <propfemale> last night  she was called home to heaven   she will be missed terribly!
"enjoying the day with my momma, my gare bear and the logster   so happy to have him visiting with us! hopefully putting our christmas tree up tonight!!!! yay!!!!"
got our christmas tree up last night   looks beautiful   logan helped and loves the 'pretty tree'   headin to ashland    
busy day tomorrow   gotta get one of my wisdom teeth pulled then doctor appt     ugh  
sittin at home with gare bear  wondering how <propfemale> and the girls are doing shooting pool   
is happy that mom is on her way to green bay for the big game tomorrow  but misses her sooooooo much     sad 
only had 25 trick-or-treaters   now we have a big bowl full of <propfemale> to dispense of    aww other than that   had a not-so-great night   but it's ok   i guess    hope everyone had a great halloween!!! night!
so happy to have mom back home from the packer game     now its cleanin time    
yankees are 2009 world champs!!!!!!!!
going to go lay down  in too much pain    sad 
sometimes wishes i could just disappear    
chillin with the family  little ones are going crazy   so much fun having them around   
going grocery shopping    then maybe takin a nap   
doing some christmas wrapping   
getting house in order then can't wait for the packer game later    
happy the packers beat the cowgirls    now going to play a game of dominoes    
going to bed   long day  need sleep  sweet dreams everyone!
going to ashland for a quick shopping trip   gonna pick up some trinkos and then later tonight out to the <propmale> net for pool night!!!
"hanging out with gare bear, mom, and the logsta   he's getting so big   can't wait until thanksgiving     "
my gare bear is making home-made french fries  just like dad used to make   yummy!!
hopefully going to wrap presents today     
happy birthday dear foo foo   may heaven fill your day with lots of love and know that we miss you dearly and wish you were here   love you lots!!
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas with the wonderful white stuff on the ground!
sitting at home with nothing much to do    maybe wrap up some gifts and watch a movie   
yay! we get the logsta today!!!! missed my lil boy soooo much!!!
very happy the sun is finally out!!!!!
watching a movie   the house is super quiet now that the kids have left and <propfirst> is asleep    what a difference in sound   
"finally back from duluth   such a long day  first getting stranded at walmart for 4 frickin hours because someone didnt mention that there were 2 sets of keys  one to unlock doors and one to run the car    then appts and shopping   but the best part was seeing my \bestie\""   leslie    that made my day! g'night to everyone   sweet dreams!"""
sitting at home   mom's bday   gotta go and make her a cake   then <propfirst>'s bday tomorrow    wish he were here   
only 4 more days until christmas!!! so much to do yet   wrapping  baking   what to do first   
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!!!!!!
wow   christmas was a blast   steven and curi were here  i love when they come up   so much fun! my poor lil girl <propfemale> was sick with a high fever   i hope she gets better soon! i hope everyone got what they wanted and had a great christmas! love to you all!
happy new year everyone!!!! goodbye 2010 and hello 2011!
<propfemale> bowl!! goooooooo badgers!!!
hopes everything gets figured out today    
go packers!!!!!
chillin at home  what else is new?
playin trivial pursuit on the wii with the gang   
i did the macarena with a monster at the dinner table because i'm sexy and i do what i want   lol
can't wait til the game tomorrow  go <propfirst>!!! favre's got too big of a head   he needs to be brought down a few pegs!!!
watching the game   hopin the cowboys step it up in the 2nd half    
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you ? "
"6 years ago today i lost my dad   can't believe it's been this long already  i wonder how i have managed to make it this far without him   but then i realized that my family; especially my mom, helped me through the tough times  thank god they have been by my side   may you rest in peace dad   we love you and miss you and wish you were here "
nice and peaceful morning   hope it lasts all day!
my fine is $55 50
11 years ago grampa   the lord called you home and although it's been rough i know you are watching over us! someday i will see you again   until then much love!
"go°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸saints!!!¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„saints¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° keep the wave going!!!!"
woot woot! saints are going to the super bowl!!!!!!! go saints!!! aw poor favre   serves you right big cry baby!!! oops   my bad    wink 
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for those who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it ~ post to your wall if you agree"
gettin ready to watch the pro bowl!! go nfc!!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
hope everyone had a great groundhog's day!! sweet dreams!
enjoying a nice quiet evening with <propfirst> and mom   
had someone start my day off bad   grrr why can't that person just butt out and mind her own business and quit raining on my parade? why does this person always have to try and join in on what should be just our time? grrr wish they would just be gone!
woo hoo!!!!!! the saints are the superbowl champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> haw!!!!!!!! they sooooo deserve this!!!!!! history  in the makin man!!!!!!!!!!!!! who dat who dat?!?!?!?!?!?!
thinks we've had enough snow already   now bring on spring!!!!!
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!! hope you all are having a special day!!
"getting sick again   ugh why can't i just be healthy? why do i always end up with something crappy? what did i ever do to deserve such a rough \medical\"" life?"""
my poor boy <propfirst> is sick and he is definately glued to me   i hope he feels better soon   i hope i feel better soon too!
hanging out with my family   dinner   games   kids playing   maybe a movie   laughter   equals best time ever!!! i love my family   they are the rocks in my life and without them i would be nothing!
attention all redcliff housing tenants: the tenant association is holding a meeting on sunday march 14th at the fire hall at 6 surprise 0 p m to hear about any concerns or issues you have regarding housing  even if you believe your concern is <propmale> or minor!!!!!! pass on to all housing tenants
happy st  patty's day everyone!!!!
such amazing weather we are having  hope it lasts all weekend!!!!
"life is like a game of cards, the hand that is dealt to you represents determinism, the way you play it is free will   "
happy 77th birthday grandma <propfemale>! may you rest peacefully in heaven! love and miss you sooo much!
happy easter everyone! hope the easter <propfemale> brought you something good!
"it's sister week!!!!! if you have one sister, or more, who makes your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life, generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status  i love my sister and couldn't imagine life without her! ? or should i say without them  ???"
"so relieved that big <propfirst> was saved on american idol! brewers won, yankees won   ahh yes good day!"
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  93% won't copy and paste this  i did but will you"
what a beautiful day out today! played outside with the lil ones and enjoyed every minute  had a blast with mom and <propfirst> as well! can't wait until tomorrow! goodnight everyone! sweet dreams!
"repost if you have someone in the spirit world   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  the creator has you in his arms, i have you in my heart  ? ? ?"
"a wise man once said, believe half of what you see, none of what you hear! but around this town, people believe everything they hear and make up what they see!"
stop spending so much time being unhappy about your life and start realizing it could be gone in the blink of an eye  live it to the fullest each day 
wishes more people would open their minds and shut their mouths than the other way around
random facts: it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3 kg  the length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink twice as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb   
mom always said if you cant say anything nice don't say anything at all   and people wonder why i am so quiet!
"have you ever had the type of day where no one has done anything wrong to you, yet you want to punch them in the face anyway? yeah, i'm there "
"i am the way i am, i will never change, you'll love me or hate me, but i will always be me "
has realized that life is full of une playful ected twists and turns but if you can just hold on to faith that everything will turn out fine and it will 
is off to club b e d ft dj blankie and mc pillow   night my fellow facebookers!
"don't  look back & grieve over the past, for it is gone & don't be troubled about the future, for it has yet to come  live in the present and make it beautiful "
some people need to get a life  not ruin other peoples lives 
"hey there mr  grumpy gills  when life gets you down do you wanna know what you've gotta do? just keep swimming  just keep swimming  just keep swimming, swimming, swimming "
always go to bed looking your best  you never know who you'll meet in your dreams  wink 
"i think it's time to call it a night, i'm going to go lay down, close my eyes, and watch a movie only i can see  happy dreaming "
yay!! i'm an auntie again! <propfemale> <propfemale> was a beautiful healthy baby girl  weighing in at 8 2 lbs  and 20 6 inches long!!!
"thinks that the best person in the world is my mom, she is the most caring and thoughtful person ever  i love u mom ur the best  happy momma's day!! and a happy mother's day to all of you moms  out there!!!"
believes that certain aspects of your life have to fall apart in order for something good to fall in to place!!
"is off to bed to join her brain that has been asleep for at least 3 hours now!  good night, all!"
"try to walk a mile in my shoes, see what i see, hear what i hear, do what i do    until then, don't judge me  because you have no idea what i'm going through "
my head feels like little people are playing bumper cars inside it 
your truest best friend is ur mom  some people just have to realize it  have u told ur mom that u love her yet today? cuz you should everyday  i love u mom!!
dreams touch your heart and soul  it is a magical memory that unites fantasy and reality  hope you all have the sweetest dream tonight ~ good night x
"some days i want to go back, some days i want to move forward, but today i'm okay with right here, right now "
"live for today, love for tomorrow, and laugh at all your yesterdays  never regret the past, always hope for the future, and <propfemale> every moment you have "
"i've done things i wouldn't do again, i've made mistakes in life but i don't regret anything because through the struggles & tears, i've learned my lesson"
"sometimes you have to take several steps backwards, and remember how things were, to understand what it is you need to do to move forward "
"there is 1 time of the day when i receive peace & quiet, and that's only in my dreams   goodnight all  smile  need my beauty sleep!"
"sister's week! if you have a sister or \sisters who make your life interesting and fun, are a blessing in your \life, generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste \this to your status! having a sister or sisters is a precious gift!!!  smile \i love my sister!!!"
"if you have information about someone just remember, until you e playful erience what they have e playful erienced you do not know what you think you know "
"never regret any of your decisions, whether they be good or bad you made & will continue to make in life  look at all your mistakes as life lessons "
it's time to go to comfy church in st  mattress to hear pastor pillow with sister sheets and brother blanket!  it's gonna be a great sermon!  goodnight!
"if your mom is your hero, your best friend or\just the best mother ever; whether you are blesssed to have your mom still\with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into\your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and love\her dearly  ? ? ? ? i love you, mom"
"the life of a family centers not on its members, but on the love and support that fill the spaces between "
had a random thought today about the initials lol for laugh out loud  to me lol looks like a person throwing their hands in the air yellin wooo   lol<(wooo)
"just realized that after s m t,  the calendar says w t f?"
had such a good day today  hung out with <propfirst> and the kids at the park  walked around town   got ice cream and now the house is quiet and i will be going to bed shortly  goodnight  sweet dreams!
"$5,000 00 reward for information leading to the safe return of my house cleaning fairies!!! i'm tired of getting up to a dirty house!!!"
"deepest sympathy and prayers go out to the <propfirst> peacock family, so sorry for your loss, may <propfirst> rest in peace "
though you're not here in flesh you're definitely here in my heart and in spirit! if nothing else watch over me with every power you have and keep me safe love u daddy love 
people need to realize that maturity is based on types of e playful erience of trouble you have had not how  many birthdays have passed
hey in the process of moving and stuff like that so our internet isn't up and running yet so i won't be on here for a lil  while  but hopefully get back on here soon!!!
thanks again to everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes!!  love  love  love  love 
happy 4th of july everyone!! hope everyone enjoyed their day!!!
"had a great day yesterday  got to see my bestie <propfirst>, <propfirst> and finally got to see sandrajean! omg she is adorable! can't wait to see them again   always nice to <propfemale> out with them!"
so effin hot  when's it gonna cool down? we have an ac and it's still hot in the house!!!
"sometimes you just have to sit back and laugh at some peoples immaturity, it just makes you realize how much growing up they still have to do"
if i'm ignoring you and acting like you aren't even there then it is more than likely that you are of no significance to me and you are merely an inconvenience 
new phone  need <propfirst> please   shoot me a msg if you don't want to post your number    thanks so much!!
so beat   really thinkin bout going to bed  goodnight everyone!
an aunt can give hugs like a mother keep secrets like a sister and love u like a friend  if your a aunt who loves all her nieces and nephews no matter what post this as your status  **
"don't look to others for approval, you may never get it  know in your heart what you are doing is good, and be satisfied"
" love  love  love thank you mom! even when i didn't believe in myself you always did, when i doubted myself you didn't  you always gave me love without ever asking anything back! i love you so much and you truly are the greatest!!! love  love  love "
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? show love to those who are in the fight!"
happy birthday to my daddy! may god and the angels have something spectacular planned for you!! i love and miss you more than you know! hugs and kisses to you!!!
"83 fish in a tank  \25 drowned\how many fish survived?\-\-\stop counting stupid!!\fish can't drown  "
"remember to always be you! if people can't appreciate the real you, they aren't worth knowing "
"a, b, c, d, e, f, g, gummy bears are chasing me  one is red, one is blue, one is peeing on my shoe  now i'm running for my life cause the red one has a knife!!!"
god put mt everest in front of me  some look at it as impossible  i look at it as a challenge  god won't put any mountain in front of me that i can't climb 
"the best thing in life is that god sees all your mistakes and weaknesses, knows your imperfections and still thinks you're completely amazing!"
"~ when you feel the calmness of your soul & the peace in the midst of chaos of the waves, that's god's answer, telling you everything is going to be ok ~"
i think stupid people should be required to wear shock collars until they are properly trained for life   
what is the most important thing in your life? well the most important thing in my life is family  family will always be there for you no matter what happens
"i have a mom who makes me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fail, cheered me on and kept me strong! i  love  you mom!  love   love   love   love "
love the fact that the vikings lost to da saints!!!!
"national brother week    if you have a brother who has made you laugh, \pulled your hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched\you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you\strong, can't do without    then copy and paste this to your status   love you guys   "
life holds endless possibilities     dreams to be achieved     purpose to be discovered and the path to happiness to be unravelled    
well i'm off on a wonderful road trip in the morning  i'm going down to see my brother <propfirst> and his gf curi  i can't wait to see them! i have missed them sooo much!
"copy this to your status, and see what people pick for you  (1) crazy  (2) wish we went out  (3) talkative  (4) awesome  (5) loveable  (6) pretty  (7) strong  ( smile  dumb  (9) fun  (10) hot  (11) wild  (12) goofy  (13) funny  (14) freakin' awesome  (15) amazing  (16) beautiful  (17) i love you"
we will be friends though thick and thin we remember the good times and forget about bad and no matter what happens we will be friendsforever youknowwhoyouare!!
"forgiveness and love, cannot be earned, deserved, bought, sold, won, or forced  they are a gift and should never be taken for granted or e playful ected  only accepted"
"life has handed me a fair share of lemons  i have decided to make grape juice with them, then stand back and watch everyone wonder how the hell i did it  "
"life is a book with many chapters, some are hard to get through, some are easy but u have to keep turning the <propfemale> to get to the next adventure  "
"laugh like it's the funniest thing in the world because laughter can stop tears, heal hearts, and give you a brighter view of the world!"
headin down to the streets of bayfield for the carnival! hope to see some peoples down there!!!
"says if everyone cared and nobody cried, if everyone loved and nobody lied, if everyone shared and swallowed their pride  we would  see the day where nobody died"
"1 out of every 10 people born are gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly a minority, put down, given bad labels, left alone, and so much else   all for something they didnt ask for  many gay teens are turning to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them that  life will get better and you respect them for who they are, copy paste this  most of you wont, but lets see the 5% of you who will "
heartfelt thoughts and prayers go out to the <propfirst> newago family and friends   may he rest in peace
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he is an angel in heaven  copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly ? i love you dad!!! rest in peace!"
says a strong person knows when to hide their tears and say 'i'm okay'  
"today: live life fully  remember, you can make a difference   try to touch one heart, encourage one mind and provide small inspiration "
"it's love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered    you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister (or more!)"
please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but are looking for acceptance and equal rights    93% wont copy and paste this  will you? make it your status for at least one hour  promote love and acceptance  not hate  ?
"only an aunt can love like a mom, keep secrets like a sister and hug like a friend  if you are an aunt who loves her niece's & nephew's repost this as your status "
what an amazing game tonight!!!!!! packers beat the vikes 28-24! gotta love the pack!  love  love  love 
"if u like my status i'll tell u 1 of these annoyed (1 ) somethin i've learned bout u by looking at ur wall 4 13 seconds \(2 ) the color u remind me of \(3 ) my first memory of u \(4 ) the animal u remind me of \      (5 ) ask somethin i've always wondered of u \(6 ) my favorite thing about u \(7 ) give u a weird nickname \\i challenge u 2 post this!see more"
happy halloween everyone!!!!!
down with the halloween decorations & up with the christmas!!! christmas tree is up and now to start some christmas wrapping   hoo-ray!!!!
"remember, if christmas isn't found in your heart, you won't find it under a tree "
"life's not the breath you take, but the moments that take your breath away"
off to see paranormal activity 2   should be a good one  i hope
"you have not lived my life, suffered my pain, enjoyed my happiness, walked my path, seen what i have seen, but yet you still look at me and judge!"
"my heart, thoughts, and prayers go out to the soulier family  grandma <propfemale> was an amazing lady! she had a heart like no other! she will be missed sooooo much! we all loved her so much! lots of love and hugs to you all!"
way to put favre in his place pack!!! awesome game!!!!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
"<propfemale> with family is love\<propfemale> with others is respect\<propfemale> with self is confidence\<propfemale> with god is faith"
happy birthday to my wonderful sister <propfemale>! may you have a glorious birthday with the angels!! love and miss you soooo much!!  love  love 
almost to <propfemale>! yay!!
"every person has 1,000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one   to survive  i know 97% of you won't repost this as your status   but my family and friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who has died of, or is fighting cancer "
"god saw u getting tired n a cure was not to be, so he put his arms around u n whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched u pass away  although we love u dearly, we couldn't make u stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating,hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best! put this as ur status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas!"
"be not afraid of greatness, some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them "
"every christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought  well this is what i want, i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured  i want children with no families, to be adopted, i want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat  now, lets see how many people re-post this who actually care  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts   make me wrong!"
<propfemale> christmas eve  party with my dad's side today  fun fun fun!! only wish he was here to  celebrate with us! love u dad! <propfemale> christmas up there!  love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope everyone got something they wanted!
go pack go!!!
deepest heartfelt sympathies go out to the <propmale> hanson sr  family  he was an awesome guy and will be missed greatly! thoughts and prayers to you all! love you all so much! rip <propmale>   we love you!
happy new year's <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!! have fun but be safe!! love you all!!
"ok this could be fun you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well   "
yea yeah!! way to stick it to the eagles pack!! let's do it again next week!!!
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for   fear    of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone!!i love my country!!"
woot woot! way to go pack!! way to dominate the falcons!! now bring on the seahawks or the bears!!! also happy birthday to my auntie <propfemale>!!  love  ya!
"please put this as your status for one hour if you, or someone you know, has or had, an invisible illness (cfs, crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, diabetes, fibromylagia, m s, endometriosis    ) my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found for one or all  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all who have an invisible illness, it's a daily struggle!"
7 years already   wow where did the time go? i miss you so much and i don't know how i have managed to make it this long without you dad   i wish you were here with us   i love you so much and i hope you are having a great time in heaven  always know how much your baby girl loves and misses you!  love  love 
has to remember that <propfemale> is a virtue   and is not frowned upon in society    and that murder is punishable by 25 years to life   don't push my buttons  lol
"being the youngest child is the biggest compliment ever!  think about it   your parents decided they finally got it right and didn't need to try again!  lmao!   \\no offense to my sibs for this one!  smile "
12 years ago today the lord took a very special angel home to heaven  grampa you are missed so much everyday! love you lots! love always-n-forever your lil pumpkinhead  love 
we're goin to the superbowl!!!!!!! awesome game pack!!!!
sicker than sick    sad 
"i will stand by you\i will help you through\when you've done all you can do\if you can't cope\i will dry your eyes\i will fight your fight\i will hold you tight\and i wont let go   \love this song!  love "
i am fricken wide awake! wtf? why can't i sleep? lalalalalalalala   bored outta my mind  so if anyone else is bored text me if ya know the digits!
woooooo hoooooooo superbowl champs!!!!!!!!!!! yeah baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a nail-biting game!!!!!!! packers are number 1!!!!!!!!  love  love 
"if you have a best friend who's made you laugh    stuck up for you   drove you crazy    got mad at you    watched you succeed    saw you fall    picked you back up    cheered you on    had your back, ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad    & all of these things made your friendship stronger & you can't do without their friendship paste this to your status and see if they know who they are "
egypt is free!
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!
"when one observes the beauty that is within our creator, it becomes so easy to appreciate the beauty within creation "
"today i stand with the public teachers, health care providers, child care providers, corrections workers, uw faculty, social workers, iron workers, state public defenders, persons with disabilities, persons suffering from mental illness, older adults, and all other public employees of wisconsin who are fighting for their rights  if you do too, change this to your status for the rest of the day "
"today and everyday i stand with the public teachers, health care providers, child care providers, corrections workers, uw faculty, social workers, iron workers, state public defenders, persons with disabilities, persons suffering from mental illness, older adults, and all other public employees of wisconsin who are fighting for their rights  if you do too, change this to your status for the rest of the day "
"what ever happened to \land of the free\""??? \""united we stand! divided we fall! if our benefits are taken away i know i'm screwed and right now i'm mad as hell! without my benefits i can't see my drs and without the care i need i will surely die! is that what <propmale> is trying to do?"""
i'm a blueberry!
thoughts and prayers to the erickson family   may god bless you all!!! love you all!
deep heartfelt condolences go out to the erickson family! we've lost a loved one here on earth and gained an angel in heaven!  crying  lots of love to you all!
"no one will get this right ! \my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite soda_______, my full \birthday___ ___ ___,whose the love of my life______ ,my best friend_____, my \favorite color______, my eye color_______,my hair color______ my favorite \food________and my moms name__________!!! put this as your status and see who knows yo   u best"
"she's country, from the songs she plays to the prayers she prays, \that's the way she was born and raised, she ain't afraid to stay, country   gotta love em  smile "
chillin in <propfemale> with <propfirst> and curi! having a blast!!! (as usual!!!)  smile 
"b true to yourself and be less concerned with what others think of u don't accept their definition of u,but grow into a self definition of yourself"
