e36c502679a5a53b44b8ef937cd73846
have to get my computer fixed when i get home in michigan right now dealing with my renters   happy holidays   muah!
we just moved to west virginia   hubby got promoted   better money better weather   wooohhooo!!!
hi everyone who i have neglected hope you are doing well   if you ever want to know whats going on check my husbands <propfemale> cause he is on here all the time   you would get bored if i talked about the kids everyday   ttfn
i found my camera cord for the comp so here are some new pics!
my big girl is finally home and the puppies are hoggers   trying to get <propfemale> strong again
<propfemale> is having a good day!  the babies are pigs!  i would take pictures but <propfirst> has my camera   but sunday i will take pictures of these babies and their round bellies 
whoohooo!! new pics of the pups!
anabelle is eating dry food today   gandhi is sick today   vet said it might be a glucose   so its a wait and see   blah   another good news-bad news day    things are bound to get better   
new puppy pics coming soon   
so i have a few puppy pics   they were just cleaned this morning so i will post pics of them later cause they were wet   but here are some from last night's feeding   lots of hickies to prove how crazy they get at dinner time 
whooo hooo finally the day has arrived puppy pictures!!!
anyone and everyone listen up   i need help selling my puppies   tell anyone you know who is looking for a puppy to check out my <propfemale> and my pups   we will ship to anyone in the u s   i need to get these babies out of here in the next few weeks and get anabelle healthy   they are akc registered and have champion bloodlines on both sides   tell all who are serious to write me and we will get things moving  thanks!!!!!
check out new puppy pics!!
check out petleeg com
cut all my hair off sunday night   it's a pixie cut   very short   so i have boy hair   pics soon when i find my damn usb cord   
new hair cut pictures!!
i think i finally have more clean laundry than dirty    whoohooo!!!! buy my puppies people!!!! i am so tired of doing laundry 65 times a day    if you live in west <propfemale> puppies are 500!!
"yo mama is so ugly, even <propmale> the builder said \no we can't\"""""
"he came to me one night  e playful lored my body, licked, sucked, swallowed! when satisfied, he left & i was hurt!!    f*cking mosquito!"
check out my new puppy pics   my rowdy ringo is my profile pic   
have a couple pics now of the dad tank   i tagged em 
puppies for sale puppies for sale     
one sold 5 to go!!
<propmale> and ghandi my sweet boys are still up for grabs!!!
"<propfemale>, now <propfemale>, was sold today   "
"ringo, now <propmale>, is leaving tomorrow and rambo is going next friday   "
<propmale> and ghandi are ready to go!! write me people!
it's funny how it's the simple things in life that mean the most!! not where you live what you drive or the price tag on your clothes!! there's no dollar sign on a peace of mind   this i've come to know   
"i thought i do some excising today, so i ran around the block 3 times  got tired and put in back in the toy box "
i'm the type of person who will randomly bust out in song that fits into the conversation!
"amish virus: you've just received an amish virus  since we don't have electricity or computers, you're on the honor system  please delete your files  thank thee"
wine is like duct tape; it fixes everything~!
i think child protective services would have more success if they threatened to give you more children rather than take all yours away 
how funny would the world be if people didn't have elbows?!?
ghandi is the last one!!! buy my sweet boy someone~
ghandi will have a new mom this weekend yea!!!
today is my 6th year anniversary wink     and i am proud to say i found all of my baby puppies the perfect homes!!!! thanks to everyone who found their new best friends!  a little bit of empty nest syndrome   nothing a few beers tonite can't cure!!  wink   have a good weekend everyone!
new profile background   cool cool cool   
the countdown to 30 begins   4   
one more day and i am officially old   ha ha   30 here i come!!
b day has arrived!! nothing changed ha ha ha!!!
who knows what happened to blake   man oh man!!
halloween was awesome!
way to go lions!!! the only game we have seen in west <propfemale> and they won!!!!!! whhooohhhoooo!!!!
summer come back i miss you already!!!
if you ever want your bathroom floor professionally cleaned   give your kids a bubblebath   
you can't fix crazy   if it doesn't make sense don't worry about making it better   it won't happen    crazy doesn't understand logic 
attention puppy buyers: got anabelle's papers and will be getting the dad tank's akc number on thanksgiving then i will send out for the puppy's papers and will get them here over night or fasterm please email addresses again so i can make sure i have them all! thanks! happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
finally got the internet again hi everyone!
papers processed friday- evry1 will get them next week  please stop commenting  i told u on new years i was having issues
whoohooo!!! finally got my computer back!!! puppy papers in the mail!!! hi everyone!!
"got the papers today everyone, mailing em in the morning you should get em monday with your mail    whoohooo!!! i am done   but i still wanna see the puppies   pretty please  ha ha ha ha   happy valentines everyone!!"
"all the puppies are getting so big and beautiful   i really did an awesome job taking care of them when they were babies   i get a cookie, ha ha   mailed everyone's papers out this morning   "
so my son locked the doors of my car this morning while it was running    eeerrrraaaggghhhh!!!!! i finally picked the lock on the door   if i am nothing else i am resourceful    with these kids it's impossible not to be 
next stop ohio   new places new faces   chris interviews for <propmale> next week   ohio here we come!
so it's official we are moving to ohio   now we just need to find a house    
it is so hard to find a house when you are 4 hours away!!!! might have to live in a townhouse    sad 
found a house!! cross your fingers we can get it!!! it is awesome!!
i officially hate looking for rentals    i have been glued to the phone and computer for a week!!
last week in west <propfemale>
"2 high notes for my day   we got the house!! and <propfemale> read me the entire \green eggs and ham\"" book   yeah she is 6 and i had to brag! awesome day!!!"""
2 more days in west <propfemale>   
moving day
new house is awesome!! pics a s a p   off to return moving truck 
someday it won't cost a million dollars for cable and internet   still waiting   wink  <propfemale> going to be starting school soon 
