296900d272eda3c3c4e989cd06a8f47e
facebook is weird o o
omg  laugh  wow works againnn!
second life is awesome  surprise 
ahhhhhh in utah  laugh  haha
got a sweet ass tutu!  laugh 
"got fucked for a duck, a duck for a fuck, and 40 bucks for a fucked up duck "
small world  lol
*sigh*
:[ just divorce already  > >
cried through the whole where the wild things are movie  
omg its 11:11 again 
your a hoe   smile 
"dem jeans is a dumbass song like wtf, you seriously couldnt come up with a better song  lol"
last episode of blood+  love  so sad 
"omg  laugh ! i just made 38,000g on gaia! ^ ^"
"if love is surrender, then who's war is it anyways?"
who's going ice skating friday   ?
did you get what diserve  the ending of your life
o o oh goodddd! the zurg energy drink turns you into a green freak thing with a weird mouth!!
"slice slice slice you up, ima monster hahaha cut you up ill slice and dice serve you up as cold as ice "
"omg, my facebook is in pirate language  laugh "
got my omnomnom hat!!  laugh ddddddd
"once again, the mc is stupid   atleast i got 66000g for it  laugh "
listening toooo dream theater > laugh 
"\falling backwards out of a tall tree  that way you see a pretty picture as you die \"""""
pretty pissed atm  
happy birthday to me  laugh  you can all suck eettt  joyful  and get me a gift  lol  smile 
going to see clash of the titans today      surprise 
i refuse to have anything to do with keeper ever again 
two months  love 
oh my god  my macbook pro is sexy  love   wink  & can't wait to go to san <propfirst> when ever that is  laugh 
oh screw you myspace 
"roses are red, violets are blue, my dad said i was a mistake, how 'bout you?"
d: hiccups from hellllll!
"you and me together, you be the bread ill be the butter, under the covers   wink "
"oh my god, i got over 19k on my first wish on robot unicorn attack  laugh "
sweeeeet taking 3d animation next year  laugh 
3 best months of my life   smile 
 joyful   love  happy 14 weeks  laugh 
i never thought this would happen  my mom told me to stop eating 
yay for <propfemale>'s at 11 smile 0pm?
"hehehehe on skype wiff my mawio for over 8 hours today  laugh   love  wow   that means i sat on my ass for 8 hours   productive, right?"
aoibasfasdfoias;f damn you cox and your need to change the guide!
"v,v       "
yayyyy!! congwaduwassshhionnsss mawio!!!
leekspin com         > laugh 
15 weeks  love   laugh 
"if a tree falls down in the woods, it's still a tree, ain't it?"
"when life gives you wheelchair, make lemonade!"
you wouldn't be a father without children  so happy children's day   smile 
dying my hair green   smile 
the jabbawockeez were amazing  love  one waved at me during the show  wink 
well   you dont see that everyday: i walked into the bathroom and keeper was sitting on the toilet  
damn you blizzard for letting the log in server d:<
omg im so proud of myself  i got the flame warden title  smile  heheheh
"holy shit  i just got onto wow and my latency was 29,809 o o it has never been that high"
 annoyed    damn you blizzard and your need for a 24 hour maintence    everything ive been working for the past like month   was supposed to come together today q q
mmm <propfemale> green hair  smile 
woot team <propmale> ftw  love  won a free cheese burger  laugh 
chewbacca backpack ftw!? yes  yes indeed   love 
<propfemale>   anyone want eminem's new cd? i'll just give it to ya 
 laugh   laugh   laugh  so happy to have him home  love  well not home home but yea    laugh 
" smile  my life is perfect  love  except, this damn rug burn on my back  tyvm marlee! > sad  there's not a point in the day that it doesn't hurt, or feel odd "
"screw you, myspace "
i love these lil perfect moments  joyful   love 
its official  episode 25 of deathnote is the worst episode of the series 
gawd   i think my family is addicted to mexican food  thats all we've eaten the past week for every meal  
aoiww;eradsfpasodfiaf yesssssssssss i got my traveler's mounttttttt  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  tonight as been a good night  laugh   laugh 
"goin to that thingy for west today  smile  whyyy do we have to be the wranglers?! t t    i mean, come on, why not the mountain goats or something?"
"omg, i am so going to hand job to get my nails done today  lmfao  laugh "
oh vegas   how i so dont miss you 
i think its safe to say that i woke up about 30 mins too early   x x
archer is the best show ever  o o
awkwarddd    o o
buses suck   d:
lol beardsly mcturbanhead  laugh 
"so, i know what i want for either christmas or my birthday: a fennec fox  laugh  i'll love you forever if you get me one ^^"
  i think i'm addicted to robot unicorn attack again  
"so   apparently im allergic to gluten, and thats why im not able to gain weight "
!??!!? fuckity fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck you blizzard and your fucking tickbird hatchlings  84ryqw;er asf;adsfaf;oi jefw             
this math vocab sucks d:
that kid in my website design class freaks me out   o o   
wants to go to anime vegas  :[
homeworrkk
d: this math vocab is rediculouss  
"<(\) win """
yay!! i totally waited another 7 days just to get aged yolk 
"\you need more pound than screw  so more like bam! bam! than just screw  screw \"""""
icc10   sooo  lonnggg    
for the alliance tonight!  laugh 
"awesome fta, org was a bit crazy since some douche 32 rogue told them we were coming because we wouldnt let him join lmao but we still didnt wipe! atleast  not till after thrall was dead lol  laugh  mmm my war bear is seexxxyyyy  love "
aosfawefawefpaifafd true blood finale in an hour and a half!
"mmm, sushi   smile "
your head is on fire 
"wonderful, i just bruised my foot by accidently dropping a snickers ice cream bar "
"hahaha omg, my group has the best poem thingy for chem   laugh  it's amazing "
     just fml  how was i supposed to know that after 10 runs of magisters' terrace that you can only get the mount in heroic mode?     
huh   thats lame   both elune and er are offline  
"i am so gonna get a butterfly knife, and do awesome shit with it "
just sharpened about half of my moms kitchen knives  lmao 
"  flippin aged yolk, again "
<shifthappens> lmao 
gah everything is shocking me   sad 
i dont think where the wild things are is supppsed to be so upsetting 
 laugh  <propfemale> costume today!!  joyful 
"ugh   had some gluten today, never doing that again  i feel like shit "
egg #22   maybe next week? just maybe? please?
*ahem* fuck yessss i got the brewfest kodo mount  laugh dddddddddddddddddddddddd
    
"\i can take a chip   and eat it!!\"" o o"""
i shall now be known as ambassador tarienna the e playful lorer 
 laugh  my butterfly knife just came! i dont think the box could have been any harder to open 
"just bought a new knife  laugh  it is for realz the coolest knife ever, it completely dominates my other ones  i shall put pics up when i get home  smile "
new photos in my ^ ^ album  to take a look at that shit 
oooowwwwwww holy shiitttt i cut my finger really bad on my binder d:
"holy crap i dont understand this \can you zooley\"" <propfemale>  """
    i think i should get some kind of award  i managed to cut my finger on a potato chip  
  
ahhh the hiccups of death are trying to kill me! d:
"testing todayyy  surprise  not to excited for the 3 hours ill be in that room, buttt i get to miss pe cuz of it  laugh "
    a <propfemale> ran me over with his bike today  
never going to frightdome again
yayyyaaaa got master riding > laugh 
thunderrrr  laugh 
"i use chopsticks, yes i do  i use chopsticks, to eat you!  laugh "
 surprise sifj:fa  surprise ooooooooooooo a moonkin hatchling!!!!!
of course i got aged yolk again  
ohh so excited to buy my boots  laugh  !
"the far- i mean the box office was pretty fun  didnt get awesome till we stood outside and talked to <propmale> and <propfirst> though  oh and watched the drunk guy  laugh  but hey, atleast he had some damn sexy gold pants rofl"
lol  my 7th char transfer was just put in 
 laugh   laugh   laugh  my boots shipped already! ^^ im so excited!
 laugh   laugh  my boots came!!! omg they are so awesome
"come over the myspace, so we can yahoo and ill google all over your facebook, then twitter your hotmail, and we can youtube while you flickr your skype   laugh "
yyyyyeeeeeaaaaahhhhhhhh got the green proto drake!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
ewgh   these <propfemale> chewable   gels? are weirddd   
awww the moonkin hatchling is so cute  laugh 
who needs to know the circumcenter of a triangle anyways?
  ninja kitchen system  ?
cataclysm!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
how do you say that to some one? i don't get it 
just the tip 
"tron was awesome \o o"
omg keeper   shut up
praise the lord! <propfemale> was right! it's snowing!
30 mins till new archer!  laugh 
"epic bowlingness, whooped kev kev's ass > laugh "
"thanks everyone for the \happy birthday!\""'s  smile """
who ever is eating the green tea ice cream    stop it 
