49b8a2b7558620887351c51cdec96947
i'm off to a pedicure and massage  ahhhhh
"back from pedicure, massage and then kickboxing    li missed the kindergarten class on order i guess  but it was great!"
mmm  kay bored going poolside
i officially have another teenager in the house     happy birthday <propmale>!
back from hurricane harbor with the kids  it was a daycation and you could make a pretty nice italian leather handbag or so with my skin right now! moisturizer pleeeez  smile 
packin up to leave for cayucos today!!  fun for the 4th  smile 
<propmale> said that people are having fires on the beach and thinks i should get off of the computer  oh okay twist my arm   let's go check it out!
planting flowers!
on my way to see <propfirst> for lunch!!! excited  smile 
just got back in town and i think i'm melting!!!
"back from the first football practice of the season  go quakes!!, <propfemale>'s cheer practice and baja  i need a massage tomorrow! the picnic table for two hours took it's toll on my back     wa wa wa"
<propfemale> passed her written test today!!!! i am sooooo excited  smile 
going to make some home made tamales today and possibly some fresh bread  i know it's hot out! what am i thinking?
"i am tamaled out! i think i made 112 tamales yesterday  spicy chicken, spicy beef and of course green chile and cheese  the bread recipe didn't turn out so well  whole wheat bread with the <propfemale> mix  yes i even ground up my own wheat berries for wheat flour   it didn't rise well  can't say i didn't try "
selling all my ebay items today  what will i do with all the extra space that i have then? i have some ideas  smile 
going to get busy now 
"the kids will officially be at three different schools tomorrow  summer seriously needs to be extended a month! on a good note, <propfemale> gets to take her first behind the wheel session and then all i will hear is   \can i drive?\"" """
i think i might work out today     later of course!
"pick <propfemale> up at 9 surprise 0 from cheer and i am done running around for the kids today  it's been a long one, but fun "
busy weekend    two days of <propfemale> moore simulcast  pretty great  i missed hunters football game but he made the touchdown and that is waaay cool  cleaning and organizing left to do before midnite!
"okay, today is the day i start working out again  tonight actually  it is monday and i am just going to do it  somebody better check in on me later and make sure i survived since it's been so long!"
okay all    i did go to the gym on monday and guess what??? i survived a little sore but not bad so i'm going again tonite  oh and i drove right by the fast food places on the way home today even though i was starving  progress  smile 
my little <propmale> is 11 today  he is the cutest ever!! i am blessed  smile 
great game last nite  <propmale> made three touchdowns and came about six yards from making one more  very exciting to watch!!
okay     been working out some and now i can hardly sit down on the toilet and i feel like i am walking with a wet diaper between my legs thanks to <propfemale> michaels 30 day shred workout  ouch!
i haven't shaved in 7 weeks now!!! this is a strange but incredible feeling  laser  hair removal rocks!! call <propfemale> at advanced women's healthcare on brimhall     i think they are still having an awesome special right now 
"i love the rain! i was starting to think that our weather peeps had lost it with their new \rain shadow\"" term """
"i am not one to use the word \hate\"" but i can say \"" i hate homework!!!\"" football game tonite    will need hot chocolate smile """
happy halloween people!! gettin ready to go out and about with the kids  not sure where yet    it's an adventure  smile 
out with the pumpkins and in with the turkeys    i am waiting for the reindeer! it won't be long 
last football game tonite     then homework is the new sport!
"installed countertops, wood ceiling, lighting, sheetrock and today i will be laying stone  my hands are dirty     this is fun!"
okay    today i am lookin like crapola but i'm feeling good! crazy
just got done eating a bomb lasagna with the family  it was nice with no football practice tonite  i even got spelling pre tests done!
getting ready to head out for sacramento       road trip!!!!
we took first place in sacramento yesterday for cheer!
getting ready to go to bed after putting up more rock  seeeee this is why i sleep in people  wink 
i am high on paint stain fumes right now  i think i'll go sit down 
i'm feeling really blecky  i think i will try a good workout at the gym to see if it helps  i'm outta here 
going shopping
heading out for some last minute shopping for the weekend  we are having an open gate weekend so if you want to ride or play you are welcome to come 
recovering from four days of over indulging and now i'm bulging  i'm a poet and i know it  surprise  better take a nap and straighten up
what a beautiful day! the leaves are so colorful and falling from the trees and the sun is shining!
gettin ready to go to anaheim  cheer comp  tomorrow and then maybe a little disneyland and some southcoast plaza  yessss   
i love the rain but along with it comes nice big afro hair  i feel like animal on the muppets {{{{ annoyed 
"i need to finish the slate on my fireplace and not very motivated sooooo i'm bending over, will someone give me a swift kick to get going???"
i love the mud!!!! i'm wishing that i still had my jeep  that was the best for mud puddles!
such a beautiful day out today! and smells great too  on the downside    i just cleaned a bathroom  where is my maid? i think she ran off with my hairdresser!
"okay, i think i want a job  i am in need of more fulfillment instead of just existing so it needs to be something that piques my passion  i am passionate about cooking (would love to have a little restaurant out here on my property), fitness health especially alternative medicine dealing with bhrt ( a wellness center would be great), and helping the less fortunate  so with this i ask     any ideas????"
i think i could freeze tonite and nobody will find me in the fog!
this is the first christmas spent without my hubby in 15 years  we haven't opened presents yet        maybe tonite late     maybe tomorrow     but we will wait because he's our <propfemale>!!!  smile 
happy new year's <propfemale> and happy anniversary to me!
i believe in miracles!
my daughter is officially sweet 16!!! and she is sweet about 90% of the time so i am lucky smile 
k   not real sure about the celeb look alike thing that's going on but let's have some fun  i'm <propfemale> evans  now post yours smile 
it seems that i have several doppelgangers so today i am <propfemale> hoffs from the bangles for my friends <propmale> and <propfemale> 
today i am wonder woman per my friend <propfirst>'s comment  it's fun being all these different little beauties  how will i ever go back to <propfemale>???
<propfemale> claims to be anti-social but is the exact opposite  very beautiful and one of a kind personality  has fun just about all the time and can make you laugh when you least e playful ect it  enjoys playing halo and can kick ass in guitar hero 3  has amazing talents with her mouth and can do just about anything with it  most spectacular lovable person you could ever meet  she is so awesome;she has to be an <propfemale>!
"took the kids to schools, hit the gym, grocery store, cleaned out and reorganized two refrigerators all before noon  it must be the wonder woman pic !!"
headed to palms springs for the weekend  i am taking my <propfemale> flavored snow cone syrup in case i get to make my own snow cones on the way  you never know 
palm springs is gorgeous today  headed to the jacuzzi     again smile 
"palm springs was great but i am soooo looking forward to my huge bed and my hubby tonite     and no earplugs (uh hum, you know who you are)  wink "
my man makes the best fried chicken in the whole world!!!
today <propfemale> got to drive herself to school (and the boys)  i have been waiting a long time for this day and it's pretty exciting! i have a feeling she will be stopping at the grocery store later  smile 
i finally did it! i volunteered with flood ministries on sat  nite and it was an awesome e playful erience  i think it does just as much for you when you help out others  smile  what a great organization      if anyone has items to donate let me know and i will be glad to take them down there  many families with children need so much right now  we are blessed 
can't wait to snuggle with my <propfemale> {>
i remarried my man this weekend in newport beach  and i didn't laugh at any of my vows this time  pretty cool
the wildflowers are insane today and the smell is incredible!! i'm going back outside  smile 
my muffin (<propmale>) has chickenpox today  he had a fever last nite and stayed home from school today thinking it was just a mild flu but nooooo  looks like spring break starts early for him  sad 
what a great easter with family and friends  god is great!!! and so was the food smile 
it's <propmale>'s birthday today and i'm in love  smile  for those of you who know him feel free to send him a bday text to 342-9348 if you get a chance      it was a real hit with him last year (i think he got about 40 out of nowhere and it made his day) 
wow this facebook birhtday thing is pretty great  i wish that i would have gotten on here yesterday to see all of your wishes  i would have just had everbody gather around my computer screen and had my cake there with all of you  thank you for being so thoughtful my friends it made my day     today!!!  smile 
i got sworn in today soooo    i am officially a notary public and certified <propfemale> signing agent  smile  somebody use me!!
just waiting for the amgen tour to ride through my front yard 
"hi, my name is <propfemale> and i am a family feud addict  please help (preferably by letting me play your fast money rounds)"
here's a <propmale> for you to make a difference today!!!   just one dollar can supply one person with a whole year supply of clean water in africa  please check out the link at bloodwatermission com it is the well done project  the fundraiser is just for today so get going people 
soooooooo tired      like dark circles and all kind of tired  annoyed \
getting ready to lay some tile today  i think i am going to go with the <propfemale> pattern  nothing like cutting an 18 inch on a diagonal  goodbye nice soft hands!  sad 
playing with craigs droid     i love it
here's to seeing wonderful things in the sky tonite!!!  smile 
i just bought my <propfemale> a new truck     how's that for independence??  he's lovin it!
off to the lake  smile 
going to get <propmale>'s football gear and then back to the lake     finally!!!
no kids at my place for the first time this summer! wow    i don't know if i should cry or run around in my birthday suit 
unanswered prayers are sometimes what we unknowingly need  but man those answered prayers sure are amazing  it feels like playing guitar hero and getting <propfemale> power! god is good  smile 
back from the lake        man is my bed gonna feel good tonite!
off to get school supplies!
getting stuff out of storage      i will seriously have to sew for three years straight or open my own fabric store!! omg     i think he found another box  surprise 
off to do some cosmic bowling   its all about the strikes 2nite  surprise 
goin poolside  smile  cuz it's hotttt out! i'm hoping to hear a little <propmale> marley and chill 
9 surprise 0 on a saturday nite and i am getting ready to make me a custom headboard for my bed  it's going to be awesome!
going to <propfemale> to get my new car today  excited!!! someone guess what it is smile 
is it possible to be in love with a car????
getting the last of my carpet installed right now  i get to check one more thing off of the list of 100  smile 
i need a foot massage right away!!!
today my youngest son is 12    half the age of my oldest son  one day that can never happen again  happy birthday <propmale>!
going in to town to get stuff to make a banner for tonites football game  the best part is       i get to drive my car!!!! byeeeee
it's 3 surprise 0 am and i am just out of the jacuzzi with my man   i have to say that he was an angel sent from heaven to me!!!  i'm in looovveee
"coming home from avila beach    naight and <propfemale> are married now, wow!"
going to build a treehouse!
off to <propmale>'s last football game!!
going to run around with my little <propfemale> today    byeeeee
soooo excited naight and <propfemale> are having a baby boy       in april    i wish there was microwave speed for this process  i can't wait  smile 
happy thanksgiving everybody!!! i'm smelling my turkey and it's making me hungry!!
it's just toooo early for me to be up     what do you people do at this time of the day?!
"okay listen up    if you are stressed out about xmas, i'm here to help you put things in perspective  3 hours sleep and no food for two days (the food thing my idea), not getting along so well with my hubby and then had to evacuate our family and pets that we could from our home at 1 surprise 0 this morning to go to a hotel bcuz we got flooded out  i will post pics later but we are talking about four feet of raging water !"
"thank you everyone for your prayers, well wishes and offers  we are still trying to sort out what to do  should we stay and build on the other side (out of the flood zone) or move to town? not sure yet  i'm liking the hotel break right now but can't afford that forever so to help me weigh out my options does anyone know of a house to rent off hand that i can check out?"
"i would like to give a special shout out to <propfirst> frost who gave us a super generous gift of a $500 gift card to lowes, to <propfirst> phares with bs&e for donating the use of some cleaning equipment and to our church vbf for some christmas gift cards and wonderful prayers! thank you"
after getting to spend one nite in my own bed it was off to the hotel again last nite bcuz the water came right back up and messed up everything that we spent all week fixing  tired!
sooooo tired     heather just wore me out!!! nitey nite : )
off to take some formal pics of <propfemale>!
my beautiful daughter is 17 today  i am so blessed to have her in my life! she amazes me every day with the person she is that is like me and yet so different than me in some ways  arianna     i love love love you   happy birthday!
two formals and a birthday down     one birthday and a baby shower around the corner  smile 
off to football    go <propmale>!
