dacfa09945571e1c7ff528d2b9957878
i was happy for a minute   and then the sun went away!
"it's impossible to get a \real\"" tan without sun!!!  no fake n bake for me!!"""
is loving life   the sun is out and i have nothing to do!
"taking mom for lasik, then chillin' with the nephews for a few hours!"
first day of cool school    very successful day!  smile 
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i  it can be anything you want, good or bad  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you!"
is getting ready to teach another acting and a powerpoint class   this should be a good week!
is thrilled that tomorrow is finally friday!
i was officially named pickiest eater ever   i took your place on the totem pole veen!
last day of cool school tomorrow    now what?
getting some sun for a few hours then off to khatie's grad party!
is desperately looking for some summer cash!!!  anyone need a sitter or a tutor for their kids?
wishes she would know if she has a job come august 25th!
exhausted!!! long day   even longer one tomorrow 
won't be eating pop tarts for a long time!
fly eagles fly!!!!
"sun, sand, and <propmale> n mancos pizza!!!!!!!!!!!  can't wait!"
my phone died on vacation!!!  please send me your <propfirst>!!!
hoping to get hired at huntington learning center
start at huntington on monday!  yeah!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree,please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
tgif   even though i have to work tomorrow!
play like a champion today   let's go fighting <propfemale>!
it's going to be a long day!!!
who would've known that an interview could last 2 1 2 hours!
exhausted from a long day of nothing!  huntington @ 5   hopefully i can stay awake till then!
is wishing her water wasn't turned off till 3!!! stupid water main break!
it's going to be a long night! blah!
go nd!!! beat boston college!
eagles beat new york   it's time for the phillies to!
"phuck jeter, arod, matsui, posada, and <propmale>!!!!  philly better phucking win tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!  keep lidge out!!! \choke choke\"""""
obvioslee we don't have to <propmale> the pennant any moyer but we still have to figure out <propmale> going to bring another one home  we have to keep rollins up the stairs because it's werth yelling with our hands in the eyre and hanging off the lidge? because it will all end in a victorino in 2009  if they follow the <propmale> the phillies fans will be happy and we will rauuul    go phillies!!!!  stole this from someone!
if i had to choose between <propmale> and andy   i would be picking a new coach! peace out coach <propmale>!
it's kinda hard with you not around  know you in heaven smilin' down  watching us while we pray for you  everyday we pray for you  till the day we meet again  in my heart is where i keep you friend  r i p  candice    you'll always be in my thoughts 
<propfirst> brees is the man!!!!
goodbye <propfirst> weiss     sad    come on <propmale> stoops!!!!!!!!!!!!
hopefully <propmale> <propfirst> brings the <propfemale> some wins for next year!!
hoping that <propfirst> gerhart gets the heisman  he's a beast!!!!
what's the difference between tiger woods and <propfemale>?
i love the snow!!!  but i don't love when neighbors kids decide to sled down your hill  without asking! what ever happened to manners!!!
mele kalikimaka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy new year everyone!
in awe that my 10 day break is coming to an end   feels like it just started!
thought it would be nice to go for a jog    thought wrong   my ears hurt so bad   and i even had them covered with a headband   not to mention i smell like the kids do when they come in from recess   yuck!
just tried a special k meal bar   yep   still hungry!  definitely doesn't qualify for a meal!
<propfemale>
black  smile 
and the eagles have broken my heart   yet again!
exhausted!!!
had a terrible night last night    horrible migraine   lost feeling in my hands   not cool!
just finished watching <propfemale> montana the movie and enjoyed it    i am officially a dork!
i am so ready to play in the snow!!!!!!!!!!
wants to go sledding now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
snowblowing + shoveling = hardcore!!!
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
bored out of my mind!  i think i'm going to go crazy!
r i p  captain <propmale>!!!! deadliest catch won't be the same without you!
more snow!!  <propfemale> freaking believable!!! best winter ever!!!
"i am suffering from sleep deprivation due to the olympics!  can't miss <propmale>, white, lagos, and bretz!!!!!!!!!  white was amazing last night!!!  so sad that <propfirst> fell!  sad "
nothing like getting paid to watch timers!!!  i'm lovin' it!
are you freaking kidding me!!!  the eagles get rid of westbrook and keep mccrap   i mean mcnabb!
"sad to see the olympics end, but now i can start sleeping normal again!"
"just incase you were unaware, high beams go on and off!!!!  some idiot followed me home from exton with her high beams on the whole time!"
"\i'm all for women who get plastic surgery  because plastic surgery allows you to make your outer appearance resemble your inner appearance -- fake \"" <propfirst> tosh"""
"\don't let her fool you   she looks nice and sweet but she's really mean \"" said one of my students to her friend!"""
"\the man who complains about the way the ball bounces is likely the one who dropped it \""  <propfirst> holtz"""
if this were snow and not rain we would have like 4 feet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   sad 
"day man  ah ahhh, fighter of the night man  ah ahhhhh    champion of the sun, ahh ahhh, your a master of karate and friendship for everyone!"
i'm loving the weather!!!
life is 10 percent what you make it and 90 percent how you take it!
"yep, it's definitely one of those days where all i want to do is go back to bed and forget it happened!"
thankful the rain is finally gone!
bye bye <propmale>!!!!  i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil  - <propfirst> garcia
"so when you think you know the whole you don't even know the half, your not a threat to myself and neither to my staff, not the type to really dance too much, although i used to, rather bust a fresh line, and get loose to   "
hanging out with the coolest two year old there ever was!!!   love  it!!!
exhausted   good thing i don't have 3 kids of my own!
what employer in their right mind would ban coffee? that's grounds for quitting!!! seriously   
it makes me crazy when you're driving on a narrow street and you let someone pass through (by pulling over) and they don't wave   inconsiderate jerks!
off to school for a day with kindergarten! atleast they have the same attention span that i do! ha ha
flyers were quite the disappointment last night!
you can pay for school but you can't buy class!
flyers back on top!  that's what i'm talking about!
"rip <propfirst> \guru\"" elam   you were a legend and the best lyricist ever!"""
the man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on  - <propfirst> bloch
hoping the flyers bring their a game and bring home the win tonight
<propfirst> claussen goes to the panthers!!!!  definitely not what i e playful ected!
ironically i get more stressed out about the phillies losing than i do at work!
i want to jump in puddles today   
wow   first graders talking about my butt today! nothing surprises me anymore!
it's a beatiful day   and 1 2 of it was ruined by work!
"phillies better win cause when they're good, they're amazing, and when they're bad   need i say more "
"only my brother would be lucky enough to run into <propmale> <propmale> at the phillies game!!!  and i wasn't there, why?"
"definitely not feeling the whole work thing today   school was ok, but i'm exhausted and not wanting to go to huntington "
the canadiens are kicking some mighty butt!!! i love to see crosby put in his place!  halak and lapierre are awesome!!!
"\lost time is never found again\""  <propmale> <propmale>"""
the flyers were amazing last night!!!!  can't wait to see them play the canadiens!!  great match up!
you can't spell awesome without me!!!
looks really creepy outside!  i hope we get a thunderstorm!
"phlip, phlip, phlipadelphia!"
the flyers are going to win for my birthday!!!!!!!!
thanks to all my family and friends for much love on my birthday!
i hate it when you think you can trust someone and they betray that trust!
i am exhausted!!!  i never thought teaching acting and yoga would be so tiring!
should've gone to bed earlier!
you know you're from the 80's when you bought the labyrinth and can't wait to watch it!!!!
is it monday yet?  i can't wait for the beach!!!
had a great time at the beach w  the exception of my great grandfather passing away while i was there   you're in a better place grandpop eagle  love 
ellios for dinner!  can't get much better than that   unless of course chef boy r <propfirst> makes me pizza!
pistol <propmale> should have won top shot    or atleast jj!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i  love  <propmale> hochuli!!!
had a good time hanging out with  love  <propfemale> <propfemale>  love  last night!!!!
it’s hard to beat a person who never gives up   babe <propfemale>
is officially a pre-k teacher!!!  yeah!!!
meet the teacher night tonight!  hopefully i'm well liked!
long day at work!  i need to catch up on some desperately needed sleep!
so much to do   so little time    
thank you <propfirst> for making my long 12 hour day bearable!  i couldn't have done it without you!
"my new job is a lot of work   but it is sooooo worth it!  if i can brighten one child's day, i'm happy!"
needs to get a good nights rest so i can run around with the class tomorrow!
never thought i'd be so excited about kidz bop!  ha ha ha ha ha ha!
so much for never getting sick    germy kids!
"oh, you fancy, huh?"
really not feeling like writing lesson plans   
"what a day!!! supposed to have jury duty, didn't   woke up late, no shower, no coffee, felt sick, irritable,dpw going through at work   ugh  please let tomorrow be better!"
looking for a clean sweep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"having a blast painting, coloring, and creating things with <propfirst>!"
"so   i turn on the phillies game on the way home from work, and the first thing i hear is the giants just scored!  seriously!!!"
"mmm   just inhaled me some ellios!  i don't even think i had time to taste it, i ate it so fast! ha ha!"
phillies better bring the heat tonight!!!
"dear phillies, you brought me up to let me down   nothing new!  it's painful being a philly fan!  can't wait till next year   love, <propfemale>"
"thought i was a rockstar when i replaced my headlight   mmm, not so much, considering i left them on and killed my battery   i'll probably keep that in mind next time!!"
"one of my students tells me that her dad \toots\"" all the time!  the things they tell you would mortify parents!"""
burned popcorn sucks!!!!!!!!
if heaven and hell decide that they both are satisfied  illuminate the no's  on their vacancy signs if there's no one beside you  when your soul embarks  i'll follow you into the dark
"you laugh because i'm different           \i laugh cause i just farted!"
"halloween party was a success   and i got to dress down in my phillies gear because i was a \phillies ball girl \"" nice!"""
"if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly"
made some blue gak with <propfirst>!  too fun!
"trick or treat, smell my feet, give me something good to eat, if you don't, i don't care, i'll pull down your underwear!  happy halloween!!!!!"
"it's just another manic monday, i wish it was sunday   "
"live like nobody's watching you cause in the end, it won't matter what they think anyway!  smile "
so much for loving fridays   work all weekend   blah!!!
i got a bumble <propfemale> pillow pet!  sweetness!!!
siempre quiero mas!
14 days till cranberry sauce!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"another day, another dollar   "
spending the day with my 2 favorite kids!!! woo-hoo!!!
going to french creek for a nerf gun war!!!! game on!!!!
took a beating at french creek   fell into pickers during the nerf war and did a face plant trying to catch a football!!! ha ha!
"motor vehicles fee 64 50, messenger fee 24 50, electronic processing fee 14 00, notary fee 14 00, copy fee 1 00, other fee 10 00   finally having my car in my name   priceless!  penndot sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
loving life!!!  my class always seems to make my day!
"two more days    and then four \stay home days\""   yeah!!!!!!!!!"""
the kids will be wound tomorrow!!!!  it's going to be a long day!!!  we'll just dance to kidz bop all day!!!!!  i love crazy dancing with my class!  stress relieving!
<----rockstar!!!!  i just cut out 150 turkey feathers in under 10 minutes   actually 9   ya know like the infomercials   all this for under $20   and the price is 19 99!
happy turkey day!!!!!!!!!
up at 5   almost done christmas shopping!  well worth it!  taking a much needed nap now!
really not feeling the whole work thing today!
chicken nuggets for dinner    i fit right in with my 4-5 year olds!
gushers and gogurt were the best things ever invented!
"\a word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice \"""""
<propmale> sayers is the ultimate fighter   to me atleast!!!
"please change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb until mon , dec  6th  join the fight against child abuse!!!! (copy &paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same)"
early bed tonight!  sooooooooooooo tired!
"<propfemale> claus, <propfemale> claus, you are much too fat, i was sleeping peacefully but now my bed is flat, oh, <propfemale> claus, <propfemale> claus, how much do you weigh?  i'm glad i'm not a reindeer, that has to pull your sleigh!"
it has been quite a long day!  tomorrow is 10x worse!  looking forward to spending saturday with <propfemale> <propfemale> for a total eclipse!!!
<---teacher of the month!!!!  hell yeah!!!!
stoked to watch georges st  <propmale> kill <propmale> koshcheck!!!!!!!!!!!
how is that eye feeling koscheck?  ha ha ha ha!!!
i feel a world series victory for the phillees!!!!!!!!!
"most people have 1000 wishes for the holidays; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, please copy this to your status"
counting down the days till i get a week off work!!!! woo-hoo!!!
<propfemale> christmas!
<propfemale> sting wings and notre dame football   it's going to be a great day!
<propfemale> victory!  <propfirst> <propmale> is the man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
saw a pic of myself from the rear today   i must say i need to lose 20 pounds asap!
just scored a cute discovery kids tornado maker and jellyfish tank for my class for $12!!! i love 75% off at cvs after the holidays!
i hate being a philly fan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to play in the snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wtf facebook    actin' a fool!!!
throat feels like i ate sandpaper   and it would be nice to breathe again
spaghettios again!  woo hoo!!  dinner of champions!
"\i can't believe that god put us on this earth to be ordinary \"" \",dacfa09945571e1c7ff52 laugh 2b9957878,<propmale> boy's coming home from vegas! woohoo!  it's been a boring week!
"waking up a half hour early, really makes a difference!  i'm tired!!!"
hoping for a day off   but it looks like i'm only getting a 45 minute delay!  blah!  i want to play in the snow!
no school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  time to play in the snow!!!!!  what what!!!
nothing better than tomato soup and grilled cheese on a snowy day!!!
"where did the weekend go?  oh, yeah, thats right    work!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while you humiliate, offend, and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  if you are against domestic violence and mental abuse post this on your wall  "
"cousins are the first friends in your life  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  and, even if you don't get together or talk as much as you would like to as you get older, they'll always remain your best childhood friend  re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world   "
slept all day and still feel like crap!  blah!!!!!!!!!!!
just finished watching <propmale> and the henderson's with <propfirst>!  love 
i would make the worst maid!  i can't stay focused on one thing!!! can we say adhd?
