6b7f3b15fd5da13f428d35779e3acf79
happy new year!
how do u do this?
oh no!
this song is stuck in my head!
goin to school!!!
i like the clouds they'er pretty  smile 
thanks  makaila!
<propfemale> fair responsabilitys  sad 
im ok now  smile 
go haiti!!!
confused a bit (understatement)
i dont want to go to school  sad  well oh well
yes finally i got it!
ugh! im soooooooooooo sleeeepy
homework american idol hahahah elllens on!
no school yes!
ugh!
oh my god i just did something really bad and i dont know what!
its alllllllllll good <propmale> whew!
its allllllllll good now wheew!
i have a <propmale> headacke!
"im wacthing the olympics at vancourer, canada go canada! i love u!"
yes it finally started!
this is sick!
i love u canada!
that is sooooo funny!
fine i'll just take the old we r the world song!
happy valentines day everyone!
yupp i just had thee best dinner at my house! yummmmm
babysittin my sister  fun 
waitin for my dad we had an appontiment nd if he dosent come then he's goin to pay  smile 
i gotta calm everybody down in my house i'm like dr philis!
yeah i just got out from piano lessons it was        im not going to say!
i finally got an album goin!  smile 
ugh! homework
oh man i just lookec at the <propfemale> and i knew what phase it was in in a second  i think i have a problem i cant stop myself from looking at the <propfemale> at night thinking tht i hav to do something for the <propfemale> packet! ugh lol  smile 
american idol is tomorrow!
american idol is today and its th girls frist (of course!) and then wednesday will be the boys! then thursday will be when they cut someone thts of  sad   smile 
i have to go to bed!  sad 
i loved todays second step!  smile 
today was so annoying! in so may ways!  smile 
amazing grace!
goin to the dance! ya!
that  dance was the best! [not]
i love the weekends
its snowing!  smile 
deleting pictures takes a lot out of you!
my neck hurts!
isinit supossed to by sunday cause i dont see th sun
i want to live somewhere else right now
when is the english language arts hw is due?
dont forget ur 2 dollars people u know who u r! lol
ok common guys bring back my books seroiusly or i wont ever  let u borrow them again!(cassie t)
i love this month!
umm do we hav a meetin today? for leaders of tomaro? please anwser  smile 
i just singing all day for 9hours straight  playful 
wow tht orchestra was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"im sorry guys, i didnt get back to u  playful "
wow im still on! hahahha
loves this bandage thts not doin a gd job  playful 
i finished all my math homework in math class <propfemale> happy!  smile 
lookin for my solo song!
umm <propfemale> i cant use a calcultar? ummm yes i can thank you
yes! we won! ya ok teachers u can say tht you let use win you know u tryed very hard but anyway students's won!
oh my god this potential for a long day is killin me lol  smile 
oh my godess  i wont be comin to school 2maro hahaha i miss th placement test! no ya umm i'll be at jambree rokin th violin! wit makaila nd <propmale> nd breonna nd other people!
back from jamboree! yay
singing on the bus was awesome i totally loved today!  smile 
notice tht when its a nice day everyones happy and whn its not a nice day everybody is mad! i adore summer! smile 
had a awesome performance thing at <propmale> hall! i saw mr  library teacher at <propmale> baker! almost didn't recognize him!  smile 
had a oh happy day!
health class yaaaa soooo if all tests were like tht ummm everyone would pass
i just love how boys can reach high notes whn thr not supposed to i dont think its right! personally (hahahah lol)
yes my ipod is fixed!
im soooo tired!
i love practice 2day! not!
i feel soooo bad!
u know i dont like it whn ur basement floods  sad 
it's a good friday whn theres no school  smile 
well i cant help falling in lovvvvvveee witttttthhhh yooooouuu! smile 
working on my vocabulary!  smile 
shavea shavea everybody say shavea shavea!
im never going to wash my sweat shirt again !
i have soooo much done now i feel safe not worried i dont think i will fail the th grade anymore i think  smile 
's fave singer of the day <propmale> groban
 sad  i didnt get to c the new world symphony last night cant go @3 cause i dont have a ride  welll theres always youtube right?
good morning baltimore!
twin day!
high honors!
just saw the squeal of <propmale> and the chipmunks
nice day outside huh?
"in new york, concrete jungle where dreams are made of, theres nothing you can’t do, now you’re in new york, these streets will make you feel brand new, the lights will inspire you, lets here it for new york cause im goin there!  smile "
wacthin solitary nd feel sorry for these people but thy asked for it  smile 
love my family!
the belleus family is soooooo big!
i got new boots!
watching wrestling? ya i kno smile 
picture day 2maro  smile 
tennis game 2maro
no game i messed up
"quote of the day: its never something huge tht changes everything but instead the tiniest of details, completely tweaking the balance of the universe while you're busy focusing on the big picture   smile "
the sound dondrae made just before we were dismissed  smile 
the sound dondre made just before we were dismissed  smile 
"quote of the day: there are alot of people in the world  no one ever sees everything the same way u do; it just doesnt happen  so whn u find one person who gets a couple of things, especially the important ones      you might as well hold on to thm   smile "
ok lets not post disgusting things on my wall ok?
<propfirst> at tennis on friday on the bus: what r u listening to? white music? <propfirst>'s words not mine 
wow
homework no tennis wht is up wit tht?
its raining
i thought tht i was only person who sang amzing grace th way i do  now i feel like a total copier but i didnt kno
i've got fur <propfemale> down im sooooo happy  smile 
did we have to do th social studies hw?
ahaaaaahaaha we won  smile  (in tennis)
my computers slowww 
solo ensambull 2maro
i think i made th most safe decision 2day after school 
umm jst at home doing nothing important 
we are gardening!
good night!
tennis was bad       but we were close
wht was the question on th social studies paper homework for the video?
im good now
wow my instrument didnt come 2day nd im  not happy
one more day of macas nd i will be done!
its here and im soooooooooooooooooooo  happy it sounds sooooooooo good! i love my new victoryette!
lay all ur love on me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
when is the 8th grade concert?
hes gone
"tonight the super trouper lights are gonna find me shining like the sun, smiling having fun, feeling like a number 1   smile "
i am the voice of ur hunger and pain 
remember: its the smallest things tht change big things in ur life  smile 
we have taken matters into our own hands
whoever invented the bed and the shower       i love you
glass violin         i want u!!!!!!
the best lunch ever!!!  smile 
to much homework!
if u cant trust thn u cant be trusted
have u noticed tht th sky is white! and not blue?
oh its getting bluer
i left  my instrument at school hope it doesn't get crushed  sad 
ummm i love basshunter?
theres so many things going on and the year is going to fast for my taste  slow it down  a notch would u time?
quick look outside its orange!!!!! the sky i mean
tht meeting was fun
new paint
i just painted my hands with glue to reanact wht happened in the 2 and 3 grade
wht other thn the math do we have for hw
to much too do 2nite
"if i was forced to play an intrusment in the band i wolud play the trumpet, or the saxaphone  or the flute"
is thinking about the trip 2maro
importing pictures from the 8th grade trip!
how amazing chemicals are
everyones pictures
eyelashes keep on getting into my eye
nobody noticed my hair  sad 
the concert the concert was on my mind or is  smile  cuz it was awesome!!!! liike we put the awe in awesome it was <propfemale> good  smile  good night  smile 
my throat is like parched!
rainstorm
different psychology fields
to much
i feel like the sun is pointed right at me!
quick wht are the questions mr miller gave us on the four paragraphs due 2maro? please answer!
i  dont wnt to cause trouble 
whts going to happen 2maro
dont forget to wear ur blue class shirts 2maro!
high school
the sun
canada!
canada is hot hot hot!
im not sleepy
heyjude dont be afraid take a sad song and make it better rememeber to let her into ur heart then u can starty to9 make it beeeeeeettttttter 
basshunter
water
im going to get heat stroke
heat
no its <propfemale> hot its not even funny
i need to start running 
rain
juno
i better find ur love i better find ur heart
i want to be a billionaire
has shiver by <propfirst> desman stuck in her head   smile 
its raining pretty hard like wow
nothing
i want to get out of here
e playful loration
the fact tht when u think of a funny senario but cant tell ur friends becasue it sounds funny only to u in ur head
i have a cold  sad 
i cant stop worrying!!!!                                     (dont kno if i spelled tht right)
 sad 
what is the best field hockey stick can i get?
whoever told me tht snoop dogg was 60 was wrong he's 38
i need a trim
"i'm gonna take it all like,i'm gonna be the last one standing, i'm alone and all i, i'm gonna be the last one landing"
babysitting again thinking about getting payed to do this
"babysitting, watching a movie and      we'll c"
im tried and i have to babysit andand i cant even think striaght i can tell tht today is going to be a great day
oh my god
isnt shaq th one tht has the broken back?
wacthing sercert life and saw the step up in 3d it          was    awesome!!!
people are  <propfemale> annoying 
wht is tht song called?
*red = i love you  * pink = your cute  * green = your funny  * orange =i like you  * white = i used to like you  * yellow = your amazing  *black = i hate you  * blue = friends4 ever  * purple i don't know youthat well *       gold = your sweet  smile 
i got my hair done and its curly! smile 
everybodys here and theres more coming!
home alone!soooo quite  smile 
i want to get my nails done 
my cuz's are here yay yay !
have a cold again going home tomaro
putting back all my songs on my ipod
cause baby tonight the dj got us falling in love again so dance dance      playful 
i got these cute shoes today smile !
playing field hockey today felt soooooooo good it was fun! and i just painted my nails pink! seabreeze! is the kind of bus im going to be taking more often 
should i call them?
i dont get it
my back hurts sad 
i want a good pillow for christmas not th ones were u bye thm and thn there good for like 2 weeks and thn there flat i need neck support!
this is taking forever! and i havent started my summer homework yet im going to fail *sigh*
field hockey
buses
oh my gosh they did not just leave me here! sad 
i hope nothing really bad will happen tomaro!
<propmale> was like tht time at school where it supoose to be a snow day but was really a rain day
im really starting to freak 2 days till school starts and i still havent started my summer hw! well         finished
panic attack
i just changed my honors class to a regular class and i dont kno if thy will let me
he wont email me back! really panicking i might get sick
nauset was great! homework already filed hockey 2maro starting again ummm hey guys? we're in high school now   ya i kno!
what is a control group?
i thnk im starting to get a headache
lil derial  smile 
im soooooooo happy right now!
i cant do this science thing its <propfemale> confusing whatever i'll just do wht i can and she will have to deal with it sorry
im finished! yay  smile 
im hungry
this is unbelievable
fml
ugh nothing good
almost fell asleep in <propfemale> class
how do u do screen shot again?
oh happy day!
i left my violin at school and thts about it hope it doesnt get stolen
who else is running for secretary
glee
new favorite artist: shontelle
i love this world! im so happy smile 
western civ hw
people in french 2 honors! when is the poem due?
just want to tell some people and u kno how u are tht telling people not to be someones friend is kind of a from of bullying so u should stop
copy this intoyour status and see what people rate you  ? red = i love you  ? pink =your cute     ? green = your funny  ? orange = i like you     ? white =i used to like you     ? yellow = your amazing ? black = i hate you  ?blue = friends 4 ever  ? purple = i want you
today is world smile day! so smile everybody  smile 
life is good smile 
why r people <propfemale> mean?
i hate french
i kno someone who plays the bagpipes and his name is <propfirst> daytime and he lives in an other state
when does polka <propfemale> day start? 4 spirit week?
has homecoming on her mind
i just put heat in my house tht was the first sign of fall  sad  but on the bright side there is only     76 days till christmas  smile 
science report ahhhhh
oh my god! i just found out tht i have a square face all this time i thought an oval
i hate having colds
"mood: happy\things tht made today great annoyed i dont have a cold anymore (thanks to chorus)\i didnt get yelled at in science\and all-in-all it was a good day smile "
mood: hapy  smile   smile 
curls i love curls smile 
i love oprah  smile 
the sky is red!
some people are creepss like woah
"here's my advice for the world annoyed dont tell someone u love them if u dont really kno them because they will take it seriously even if u were joking especially if they dont speak the same language as u"
"i dont have any d's any more!\oh happy day! smile "
"can't talk ugh\ <propfemale> hard not to talk"
the discovery of the x-ray
danse! boogie wonderland! smile 
im such a bad friend sad 
93 on my math test! yes! smile 
totally gonna fail all-cape
all cape is done its allll good  ( hopefully)!
whn is the  nauset vs  dy game strt 2maro?
oh my god! they use the new world symphony in glee! wow smile 
have a good vacation everybody!
happy thanksgiving!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! senior districts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cracking ur back is not good isnt it?
brb
"want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world\ like i'm the only one that you'll ever love \like i'm the only one who knows your heart \only girl in the world     smile  goodnight everybody! smile "
still have to make tht cake
my throat hurts  sad 
getting ready for the second concert smile 
"lunar eclipse tonight, dont forget to wake up at 3am smile "
a in geometry!
<propfemale> christmas!! everyone smile 
one word: worried
im feelin better now
this has been a really nice day hope to go and get my fav ice cream smile  thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
have to get ready for 2morw
senior districts was sop much fun and i got my tide to go smile 
i'll tag people later
so much to do in so little time! playful 
today is 01-11-11 smile 
the fact tht im getting my hair done tomorrow and that i didnt really get all-state rec and the fact tht nxt year is just going to be a lot better and maybe i'll do even better smile  life moves on peps smile 
"i have a mute now! smile \thank you <propfemale>! (and cathie)haha"
i dont know wht to do right now and its making me angry sad 
i have this all under control now smile 
i saw mr shar from conposeing kids smile 
was trying to make online flashcards and couldnt so she gave up
"i have made my mind, and i'm currently downloading it "
is watching american idol and is very frustrated with my computer  sad  ugh
 love  the office very funny smile 
lost my phone again
shower american idol  lil hw  sleep
american idol peops 
im actually watching the super bowl smile 
just love it when people twist my words and make it sound like i mean something i dont
makeing crepes for french class
american idol in 3 mins smile 
 smile  not happy things
i really hope it stops raining
gettin ready for pops! smile      i stilll want tht t-shirt though  sad   smile 
"its nice outside, the school day was short and everything doing great except for the things tht are doing not so well  smile "
so much to do this week! huh
"let the rain wash away, all the pain of yesterday, and while my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm coming home coming home tell the world that i'm coming home  love "
"i really don't know which animal i should do my science project on, please help"
don't you just love it when the weather goes bipolar?
some people are just really weird so the only way to deal with them is to be weird back
bad things haha jk ok ya today was fun was at dy met some friends  sang a buncha songs and oh got ran over by <propfemale> fowler and <propfemale>
sleep  then school for 2 blocks  then dy till our concert at 7  anybody can come smile 
i want a highlighter that can erase itself  sad 
