044c2c215a3e455d03eb2cb9095e47c0
happy new year!
full <propfemale> out tonight  perfect for the first day of the rest of my life 
sleep                 i can never go to sleep on saturday nights 
my arm is hurting  just got the flu shot today 
just finished chopping wood  took 4 hours 
spider-man na na na na spider-man  can't wait until halloween  hope i actually get the costume though 
just watched paranormal activity i'm scared! the only movie that has ever scared me!!!!!!!11
not fealing well 
just got back from trick or treating  i'm cold 
just got back from church 
warning don't inhale when smoking smarties  it hurts  as a matter of fact don't smoke them at all smoking is bad for you 
going to veterans day parade tomorrow 
just got back from veterans day parade  awesome  now i get a pretty ribbon  lots of army veichles there
"brother, dad, and me came back from the hoops "
"day seems to last forever, don't want this to ever end! came back from cemetary where i put flags up on veteran graves "
whoa oh oh       sweet child o' mine 
scanning faces in a crowd  searching for just one 
annoyed when people change there status to offline when they don't wanna talk  why don't you just say gtg  seriously  nah  don't really care as long as they say bye 
gonna play some guitar before i go to sleep  zzzz
if today was your last day could you say good bye to yesterday?
simpsons is on yes!
vote for <propmale> 
it' like the facebook develops are trying to make facebook suck 
never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about 
tomorrow should be great! thursdays always are 
"just finished watching <propmale>  was very wierd, not funny  just wierd "
came home from <propfirst>'s b-day party  tired  think i'm gonna take a nap 
"happy thanks giving everyone! <(\)"""
men who stare at goats  awesome movie 
i feel bad   everyone at 11:11 p m  wish that i'll feel better so i can go to church and school 
my brother just changed my status  sorry everyone  hope that you didn't read it 
"i can finally say my strep throat is gone! really i can say this now, my throat doesn't hurt when i say it "
it's funny how you look at someone who is online on your chat tool bar  then as you began to type them a message they go offline  priceless  happens to everybody everyday everytime  that kind of sucks  alot 
watching monk season finally  going to miss that show   sad 
yeah  i just got my 50th friend on facebook! woot woot 
finished 2 hours of collecting wood 
needs to finish my math and science homework 
needs to get all my study guides finished for finals! will talk to all friends later 
my dad bought me a <propfemale> pong table! yeah! balls of fury!
have you ever had one of those days you feel like typing in all caps  well i think today is one of those days 
watching spider-man!
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me  if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it  god bless those of you who can do it     "
"had an awesome christmas  love all the presents, the company with family, and the no school was good  but i can't wait to be back in the classroom with all my friends "
why aren't keyboards in alphabetical order?
missing home 
why do we kill people  who kill people to show killing people is wrong?
"sometimes the most lonely thing you could do is look down at the spaces between your fingers, and notice there are no fingers between them "
i am bored  anyone doing anything tonight?
today was long boring but it feels nice outside  i might go outside right now even though it is pitch black 
i'm really starting to get annoyed by facebook  chat won't work right 
gonna take a nap 
took a nap and full of energy  wish i could go back to sleep 
spanish homework  wish i had the book  would be so much easier to finish 
why do we go onto facebook at the middle of the night and not talk to anyone half the time?
"is watching monk  i think someone was murdered in this episode, and monk finds the murderer "
why are there so many genres of music if that song easily fits into that catagory?
who else doesn't feel like doing homework right now?
next year they should just get hunters to shoot all of the groundhogs so they don't see their shadow 
i wish i was spider-man  that would be so awesome 
eating nachos!
is flying a kite 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=1q4is6hvnyw
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh _lsidfguoe&feature=related
i need a book to read for my english report  anyone have a good book i can borrow?
allergies are killing me  hope i feel better tomorrow 
tired  got a good work out though from splitting lumber 
wish someone else was on facebook right now 
me facebook estado es en espanol 
mclovin! lol 
got a letter from the organization i wrote to 
"lolly pop lolly pop, lolly lolly lolly pop  *boom boom boom boom* come on baby tell me why, why, her kisses are sweeter than a <propfemale> pie  lolly pop lolly pop, lolly lolly lolly pop "
watching rush hour 3 
"i've been using facebook for 1 year, 6 months, and 14 days "
good night everybody 
the little things give you away 
i don't care about my earthly limitations  the heart wants what the heart wants 
a woman shoots her husband  puts him under water for five minutes and finally hangs him  then they go out on a lovely dinner  how can this be?
the lessons we've learned here have only just begun  i see you smiling for me a poor sherade at best  you've push your luck through tests and tests and tests  lost in a quiet veil you locked away your heart  life lived long loving away from mother's nest   fending for another is the heardest test  secrets opened pain renewed  is this life worth living? go for it take a shot give me your best guess 
math homework inhales deeply 
was trying to get some food for my mom and i spilled it all over the floor  this just goes to show that when you do nice things for others you will have rice all over the floor and an asian lady screaming at you 
no matter how far i've come in life i still can't wait to see tomorrow 
whitest kids u' know  ha ha 
full <propfemale> outside tonight and tomorrow night 
"long day, tired day, boring day, quiet day, angry day, lovely day, loud day, worst day, happy day, birthday, sad day, best day of my life  but that's not today  \tonight\"" is the ending of the day  wash over troubles and prepare us for the next day """
"longing eyes  the noctural being guarding us from the lurking shadows  the percursor of day, lighting and warming our hearts  the better half of a couple  winking eyes  commanding the endless waves  shining new perspectives on bulbs of green  celestial partners  <propfemale> and <propfemale> "
is it just me or am i becoming a more social person every day? talking to new people i rarely talk to and wanting to know more about the friends i already talk to 
ctrl + alt + (down arrow)
how's everyones' break so far?
easter eggs!
looking forward to a non boring day  happy easter everyone 
gonna watch hot tub time machine 
is it really pouring rain again?           sad 
scarred  playful 
hot <propmale>!
"if i could be like that what would i do?     <(\)"""
at thunder 
"thunder was great, but i can't wait to see all my friends tomorrow at school  we didn't have any homework did we?"
facebook? uhh  working not working make up your mind 
"hmm  not tired  i wish i could go to sleep though, than i could dream, dream, dream "
if you can't accept me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best  if you can't accept me at my best you're going to only see my worst 
why is it so hot in this house?
who else is on facebook that hasn't done there homework yet?
i guess i was wrong  *sigh* well two days of nothingness i guess  why is it that what we hate we're made a part of? and at the same time what we love seems to be disconnected from us   <(^)
is there anyone on facebook that actually wants to talk?
???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????
watching simpsons 
ok so i'm not the only one who saw that double rainbow thing yesterday 
why is it so beautiful outside? i thought it was raining 
"feels some emotion, can't tell  flustered, tired, confused, dizzy, idk "
never sleep again!
if you are reading this than that means i am already bored 
"well, guess 0 means it's time to go to sleep soon  t_t"
"huh, saturday  is anyone actually excited about the derby?"
"there now, steady love, so few come and don't go will you won't you, be the one i'll always know when i'm losing my control, the city spins around you're the only one who knows, you slow it down"
looking forward to a <propfemale> day tomorrow 
i wish my bed was made of gelatin 
<propfirst> dirt 
and i'm staring down the barrel of a 45  swimming through the ashes of another life 
lshmsfoaidmt
came home from <propmale>'s  had a good time but now i'm bored again 
another day wasted  anyone feel like texting? 270-300-3582
ok so some random truck just honked at me  either they think i'm a hooker or that was one of my friends   smile 
so  yeah i still haven't figured out who honked at me in their truck  if it was you please tell me 
i could use a good laugh right about now 
making pizza!
"nite everybody  sorry if i didn't get to talk to you today, my loss  but i need sleep "
getting my new phone today 
if 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea does that mean that 1 enjoys it?
like this status if you came to school in your pajamas every day last year  oh and did i mention that my pajamas look strangely like my underwear 
if you hit the like button on this status i won't tell you something i like about you but that probably means you like my status 
so who else's power went off for that split second?
tu roba mi respiracion 
watching the sun rise is beautiful  looks like the sunset almost 
if you like this status than that means you're promising you'll going to change your last name to mine for the week   smile 
who wants to wake up in the morning and feel like p diddy?
thank you everyone that wished me a happy birthday 
"it's four o' three and i can't sleep without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea  if i drown tonight bring me back to life, the only thing i still believe in is you  if you only knew, if you only knew "
mosquitos like me 
oh wait that's an atom bomb  let's shoot fireballs at it 
"people think i'm crazy they word it all the time and if you paid attention you'd be worried too  because this world we love so much might just kill you  i could be wrong now but i don't think so, because it's a jungle out there  it's a jungle out there "
just keep on swimming just keep on swimming    -dory
hmm would anyone happen to know an instant cure for sun burn? well atleast i have sunkissed skin so hot will melt your popcicle 
gotta love the pool 
if i use axe shampoo conditioner i get hair action  than if i use axe (bar) deoderant do i get armpit action?
i have 99 friends who wants to be friend 100? or -1?
q: what did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend a: he wiped his butt 
work facebook or i will       do something else that's not boring 
nooo! might have to move to phoneix soon 
school tomorrow  =|
trying to be different doesn't make you  an individual  espeacially when that's what everyone else is doing  being yourself and doing what you like makes you an individual 
"wednesday, you've decieved me for the last time "
i hope the days come easy and the moments pass slow  and each road leads you where you want to go  and if you're faced wit the choice and have to choose  i hope you choose the one that means the most to you 
wooo! go eminem! i knew it 
yes linkin park!!!!
gaga! again  knew it!
"wooow, you can type your facebook password into a comment and it'll come up as stars! *********** so frigging awesome  laugh  muahaha"
the harvest <propfemale> will be out this thursday  don't wanna miss this or you'll have to wait next year to see it 
futurama- why are fry and leela addressed by their last names? (<propmale> + turanga)?
paranormal activity 2?
"ahh yes so my phone stops working in mid-conversation, just my luck  d:"
"uhh, yeah so i was wondering, does anyone knew wether boone's cleaners could put the shoulder patches on my class a for free or not?"
"what's that facebook? you want me to wake up 2 in the morning and update my status? sure why not everyone else is?!?  status: when sending a package in the mail write in neon colors bomb and leave your neighbors return address   i dunno, insert witty pun here "
insert comments below 
milky milk shake  dancing with my milk shake 
can smell burning popcorn?
does anyone know if we have drill practice tomorrow?
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get "
if you read this than can you do me a small favor? poke me  gotta get to that magical 100! this would be much appreciatied   playful 
i want to ride my bicycle! -ninja pro
let's see how creative my facebook friends are      leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the fourth letter of your last name     it can only be 1 word      then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you      don't just post a word & not copy paste       that's no fun
