2a0ddf4cf3641e17bd4d0f4b045185d1
yesh     bring! me! the! horizon!
is looking for a freind to take to lifelight
am bored out of my mind
"looking for bassist interested in christian rock, within driving distance of milbank"
so bored
is goin to omaha this weekend
<propfirst> grorud needs a girlfriend
is watching vantage point
anyone know who <propfemale> brown is ?????
is watchin step brothers
<propfirst> grorud wants to get laid
is sooooooooooo tired
is leaving for omaha tomorrow morning
just left for omaha
does anyone have a distortion footswitch or pedal or somethin that they are willin to sell
is home sick; lol
is so pumped for lifelight  if anyone wants to go on sunday send me a message
in christ alone my hope is found he is my light my strenght my song
"lifelight this weekend, so pumped"
"my chains are gone, i've been set free my god my savior has ransomed me and like a flood, his mercy reigns unending love, amazing grace"
rocked out on my guitar tonigh     yeah    
watchin the really real show
"but <propfirst>, that kills people!!!!"
caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarl
"see you at the pole wed  morning, 7 smile 0 am at the high school flagpole"
"so bored, my drumset is locked in the church     so sad"
so i was told im crazy     lol
    so today has been really wierd     lol
"so     want help writing a cool song, if anyone's got anything to offer    "
this paradise we see as love will fall     fall     fall
has to work tomorrow morning
    bored     goin to bed
    i wish i could go to zombieland     like really wish
twins win twins win twins win twins win twins win twins win
watching a special on the antichrist
plz take my quiz
bring me the horizon     is amazing !!!!!!!!!
go yanks for once    
so     just got home after having surgery wednesday morning in h20town
pumped for the game tomorrow     and kinda in pain right now
so love !escape the fate!
watchin penn state and mich st 
is ready to play ncaa football 09
"check that, talkin my drumset up to the church"
"so, paranormal activity was an amazing movie     but still scared"
gonna play xbox
excited about my new keyboard that i bought yesterday
watchin angels and demons
let's go nebraska
omg     such a great game texas 13 nebraska 12
i had the most amazing ribs and hot wings tonight
just shouting out     anyone around my area (milbank) into the heavier genres of music (core music    ) and interestin in playin some time send me a message     or if u r friends with zach spanton send him a shout as well     thanks!!!!!!
!alexisonfire!
is not emo!!!! gawd
!!!silverstein!!!
if can't handle emo then fuck off     gawd!!!
"!\and all the times you promised me that everything would work out in the end     you were gravely mistaken\""!"""
take that saints     go bucs
2 concert updates    after the burial w  as i lay dying @the venue in fargo(feb 14)     vel of <propfemale> w  whitechapel @station 4 in st  paul(march 1)      let me know guys
my screams are sounding better every day!
i would really like to be 21 right now   for more reasons than just the obvious
isn't remotely tired and yet still laying in bed   hmm
g
kinda wishing i had my guitar
so target field is pretty sick     i enjoyed my wild rice soup
"greatest day of my life    a <propfirst> stuck in the mud in green swamp monster land, a mud fight, and the greatest bunch of friends i could ever want! thanx, i love u guys  smile "
game night ant cumc tonight
laying in bed so bored but not tired at all
to all u doubters out there     ya'll aint ready for what i'm about to become !!!!!
is on a musical hotstreak; gonna have a couple songs finished soon!! yayyy!!
is kinda tired for some reason
so i guess baseball has new meaning now???
"is headin to mandan, nd on firday    lookin for a good time with any of my old classmates that i haven't seen for frickn ever!!!! mssg me fo sho! party time huh!!"
so pumped for ltc this year!!!!!!!!!
"realized his love life is shooting downwards fast; please catch me, anyone   "
"misses camp <propfemale> much already, and all the amazing people there! god bless "
"is inspired to write a song about my camp e playful erience at ltc this year  so those of u that i connected with, e playful ect to be mentioned!  smile "
is taking donations for a new drum <propfemale>     plz
"yup     love life is fallin again, hmm    "
"wants to believe that he's not in love, but i just don't think i can say that it's true, i am, i truly see love now"
"love,love,love"
is anticipating a very good time at lifelight festival this year    
hmm     music?
school     really? ok then
yay!!! finished my last song     now i gotta figure out what to do with 11 songs that nobody wants to hear   
today will be a great day    for multiple reasons!
these hearts     nothin else is important in this world!!!
is still taking donations for a new custom drum <propfemale>    
today is thee most boring day in recent memory    
"like this status if u absolutely 100% hate me,seth phillips, with every once of your being"
"so my phone contract has e playful ired, and it may be a while before i am blessed with a new phone   "
baseball camp was intense   
i love baseball!!!
enjoyed a wonderful makeover this afternoon   
dissapointed that we didn't much of a rave at the dance last night      sad 
wow!!!
abandon all ships!
confusion!
"believe in jesus christ!!! one facebooker has challenged all believers \to put this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in \front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates\of heaven this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not \   afraid    to show it, repost this "
"if you think i'm cute , like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i'm\your friend put a  smile   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush\on me put an  laugh   if you're brave enough , re-post this as your status"
just wrote what may very well be the heviest riff i have ever heard
<propfemale> o'hara
blessthefall
alessia caro
"\i hear <propfemale> singing\"""""
phineas and ferb!
sleeping with sirens
tampa bay buccaneers      7-3     yup!
"ok     so if your my friend on fb and do know me at all, like or comment on this please    just curious!"
hahahahahahahaha
"ok    so if your my friend on fb and don't know me at all, like or comment on this please    just curious!"
"finds himself in a very good mood at the moment  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zr laugh m479yyus"
jw    is anyone able to scream really(or even decently) well; speaking in terms of hardcore music?????
tdwp! tdwp! tdwp! tdwp! tdwp!     the devil wears prada!!!!!!
last night=greatest show of my life
in desperate need of a hardcore drummer
"there is one, only one, person on this earth that i hate    butthat's just because i hate that person so much that i have none left for anyone else"
heyy    if any gets a <propmale> check out our new band <propfemale> we fall together    it would mean alot
"i encourage everyone to check out the band namesake, because they seriously bring it"
"i hope everyone got a <propmale> to check out our band <propfemale>     we fall together    thanks for the supports, guys  smile "
listening to the band dont miss out rite now! amazing!
"is gonna be super bored this week, so call me up, or just show up at my house, that works too    "
the band namesake is the bees knees!
a skylit drive is the only band or artist that i truly love everything that they do   listening to them makes me feel something inside that i never feel with anything else
new song up on we fall together's <propfemale>    make sure to check it out and give some feedback
make sure to check out we fall together's <propfemale>    new rough cut song posted
i admit  i am completely crazy!   smile 
is it even worth it   
"you mustn't open your mind to what you believe\please tell me that this is for real\won't you shine your light on me?\don't say that you want me\\please tell me that this is for real\i just might say someday\i could be better off in your mind"
check out my band's page   we fall together
hold on    i have to shake my pigs
"a skylit drive's new album \identity on fire\"" is coming out feb  15    i am extremely excited"""
american pie presents: the book of love   
anyone interested in buying a xbox 360 and some games   
girls confuse me   but that's what makes it fun i guess
"my band we fall together just released the track listing for our upcoming debut ep \letters and their meaning\""   kinda excited"""
we fall together
"everyone go to we fall together, my band's <propfemale> and click 'like'      pleaze!!!!"
"check out my band we fall together! also if you could recommend us to at least 5 of your friends, it would be greatly appreciated! we need all the likes we can get "
"we fall together, the broken resolve, and azela   check them out"
bieber fever!
"so i just realized that as of now i have no singing voice whatsoever, and very little voice with which to speak    sad "
"check out the <propfemale> for my band we fall together and tell all your friends   we are working on our first demo, so make sure you keep tuned in for more news about that, thanx guys!"
\there's just so much to be said\,2a0ddf4cf3641e17bd4d0f4b045185d1,so i'm thinking about doing some drume covers   what do u want to see?
2g!!!!!
we fall together
"everyone, go vote for my friend <propfirst> himley in the help me, <propfirst> himley, win mcnally smith's e playful ress your talent competiton!!"
from the eyes of servants! check em out!
"just to let you all know, we are going to be having some fundraisers in the near future to help ease the cost of putting on the from the eyes of servants concert in march   all help is appreciated!"
yesss    we fall together gets to play a show with the suit   kinda pumped for that! check it out! the suit in hartford sd!
come check out my band we fall together playin with the suit in hartford on march 25   the suit in hartford sd!
"we fall together! check out the new show dates!    from the eyes of servants  w  azela, we fall together and more and the suit in hartford sd!   also we are always lookin for more shows so add me as a friend or post on our wall if your interested!"
attack attack!
"talk to me or any other members of we fall together for presale tickets for from the eyes of servants  w  azela, we fall together and more show!"
"\identity on fire\"""""
yay! new guitar equip on its way!!!!!!!!!
ok thats it   im fuckin done   fuck life   fuck god   fuck all of u!!!!
yay!!!! 00g   
i frckn love my new amp!!!!!!!
misery signals!!!!!
"k i don't like drama myself, and i'm sure im gonna catch hell for posting this, however i don't wanna feel like a complainer when i say this   i frckn hate people that spread bs rumors, and it ruins relationships because of it, i and would really appreciate if it stopped completly, but as i know that won't happen, just please don't spread any more about me! thanx!"
<propfirst> lopez!!!!!!
"my post-hardcore band is looking for a new lead singer   if anyone is interested or knows anyone who would be interested, please let me know!!"
so if you want some great music check out the band versus the ocean
my band we fall together is still looking for a new singer!!!! please put me in contact with anyone you know that may be interested!
love!!!!!!!!
a city serene! check em out!
"just in case no one else noticed: milbank, sd sucks!"
"the band that i play in, we fall together, is still looking for a lead singer to replace our old singer   if anyone is interested please let me know or post something on our band <propfemale>! thanks!"
ok! who is a decent singer? please  sad 
<propfirst> and the chocolate factory!
<propfemale>!!!!!!!
i am happy to say that my bracket still isn't over! so hahahahahaha!
ghostbusters! great movie!
"\leave <propfemale> black alone\"""""
for the next few minutes i will be praying to god on behalf of the michigan basketball team!
anyone wanna go see insidious with me tonite?
who wants to go see insidious tomorrow night?
"\lets cheers to this\"""""
