5045eeeaf2a2e435b2efb38f952805b3
at home eating dinner with the fam!!
little kids ask too many questions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to see what the night has in store for me   
is feeling a little depressed and doesn't really know why 
"i wouldn't have believed it if i didn't see it with my own eyes, but somehow the us managed to beat spain 2-0  the world's coming to an end!!"
is happy to have gotten the fuck out of my house for a few hours!!
woohoo!! go brasil!! the us is in for beatdown on sunday!!
"holy shit! this just in    <propfirst> <propmale> is dead! i reapeat, <propfirst> <propmale> is dead!!"
"i just heard an ice cream truck go by my house playing \la cucaracha \"" anyone else think that's not right?"""
3-2 brasil wins! brasil wins! wooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
here we go again    same old shit dog just a different day 
is in need of rescuing from the dreary existence my life has become
getting ready to do some jammin'!
its a weekend for celebration bitches!!!! the 4th of july celebrations start tonight!!!!!
"i feel sorry for people who don't drink  when they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day  -<propfirst> sinatra aka the chairman of the board"
"if drinking is interfering with your work, you're probably a heavy drinker   if work is interfering with your drinking, you're probably an alcoholic   ~author unknown"
gotta go to bed now  the sun is up and my coffin is calling  don't want the risk of spontaneously bursting into flames now do i?
"up all night, sleep for three hours, repeat   "
up past sunrise once again   
wondering what's going on tonight
straight chillin'!!
and i will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers  and you will know i am the lord when i lay my vengeance upon you  ~julius winnfield (pulp fiction)
"same shit, different day"
another sleepless night    another missed 4:20  lol!!
gonna try to fall asleep before sunrise    wish me luck!
i don't really know where i'm going mainly because i can't seem to rememeber where i've been 
chillin' hoping to get into some trouble tonight!! lol!!
needs to get out tonight!!
"trying to keep myself form watching \hook \"" lol!!"""
   and then the sunrise signals my bedtime
another weekend i hope not to remember on monday morning! lol!
uh oh! the sun is rising  must not get caught in its rays  i don't wanna burst into flames  must get to my coffin!
just climbed out of the coffin    the sun's  still out
headin' out like a fetus!!
chillin' at the casa!!
"i think its bedtime  and the sun isn't rising yet, sweet!"
night owlin'
preparing myself for the night of debauchery to come
mourning another awesome weekend now over
wondering what happened to   
trying to see what's going on tonight!
"hittin' the shower, then hittin' the streets  look out!!"
"right down by the beach, boyyeee!"
trying to remember what the fuck happened last night  lol!
another awesome weekend comes to an end
is right down by the beach   boyeeeee!
straight chillin' at the house!
"i've just decided i need a middle name  i need suggestions  so, give me some, please "
could use a swift kick to the head!
needs to end this cycle fo procrastination   but i can do that later 
i just got ambushed by a jehova's witness  they finally got wise and started coming around on thursdays instead of saturdays  watch out!!
killin' it!!!
chillin'
saw zombieland last night and it fucking rocked!!!
is maxin' and relaxin'
i'm fucking ecstatic my guitar is up and running again!!!
i cut my dreads off son!!!
bassnectar was awesome last night but my bucs are still winless
another day another bender!
let's go seminoles let's go! f-l-o-r-i-d-a s-t-a-t-e! florida state! florida state! florida state! woooooooo!!!!!!!!!
halloween = partytime!!! can't wait 'til this weekend!!!
chillin'
hittin' up ice blu tonight
i am probly asking for it but whatever- post a comment of the first memory you have of you & me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragragh on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you 
going to get some food in my belly!
late night web surfing
"just waking up and saying \hi\"" to the world"""
gettin' in the the shower after a quick cig
chillin'
i sure do wish i was roastin' a bowl right about now!!!
chillaxin' after my mom's little birthday celebration
hanging loose  wondering what to do with myself tonight
at home bored
heading out  going to bru's!
going to the beach!!!
i've been drunk since wednesday night!!! i love life!!!!!!!
chillaxin'!!
i'm gonna go eat some dinner and get ready to go out  holla at you boy!!!
recovering from last night this morning's festivities
i should be asleep    but i'm not
"gonna try to get some sleep  its almost 7am, the sun's starting to rise which signals my bedtime   "
reflecting on the past year    not!!!
reflecting on the past year    not!!! i can barely remember this past year!
relaxing at home!!!
headin' downtown right now  its a celebration bitches!!!! happy new year!!!!!!!!
last night was amazing!!!!! still feeling it!
being my normal laid back self    except that its soooooooooo fucking cold out!!!! how can it so cold in south florida?! and some people think global climate change is a myth!!
"i just noticed the sun is rising so its time for me to get to my coffin  good morning to all, i need sleep "
another day has come and gone   
so once again i let the sunrise catch me  gotta get to my coffin for the day  holla at sunset if you need me  muah ha ha!
yeessssss!
"catching a flick soon, then   "
chillin'    literally!!
grubbin'
waiting for news on my fam in haiti   
"unfortunately the news is no bueno  miralia <propfirst>, my grandmother, was killed while escaping her house as it collapsed  although i am not religious, she was so you prayers out there please say a prayer for her "
thanks to everyone
"uh-oh, the sunrise signals my bedtime  i'm still gonna be up for a few more hours, but i'll be horizontal "
chillin'
"its almost 9am   that's late   i think i should go to bed now  yeah  definitely need to go to bed  definitely, definitely need to go to bed "
i'm fucked!!!
takin' it easy  smile 
uh oh   the sun has risen and i'm still awake  time to go to bed  holla!
another weekend come and gone
"10am! i gotta start going to bed at a decent hour   people'll start thinking i'm on drugs all night instead of just being a chronic insomniac  man, i love that word   chronic ;-d"
yet another sleepless night
i can't wait until i can finally fall asleep before sunrise   any suggestions on resetting my internal clock are welcomed 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments   "
"watching \freaks and geeks\"" all night  great fucking show!!!"""
bored  think i'll do a crossword puzzle
gettin' ready to go out 
its such a beautiful fucking day out  i gotta take advantage of it   i'm going to the beach everyone should do it!
another beautiful fucking day!!!
gettin' ready to head out like fetus!
i might puke from boredom
i'm just fucking <propfemale> right now
going to the barber   holla!!
just chillin'
off to celebrate   
just chillin' like always
so my plans to go sailing got postponed   what's going on tonight? anybody? holla!!
off to roam the streets 'til something hits me or i hit something   whichever happens first  haha!!
chillin' chillin'
"recovering from the crazy ass weekend i just had, but can't remember  hahahahaha!!!!!"
wondering what to do tonight
i drink miller light cuz my vagina stinks!
i don't know   
last night rocked!!!
waiting to see what the night brings   
"cigarette, bedtime, and   "
i still wonder what it is that meatloaf won't do   seriously!
crush a bit   roll a bit   light it up   take a hit   
looks like i really need to make sure i logout  when i'm done using my friend's computer  i don't love guys!
another beautiful beach day i get to miss out on
off to see what the night brings   hopefully some greenery and lots of hops  it is saturday after all!
missing out on yet another great beach day!
chillaxin'
9am and i'm still up   fml
"watching tv, as usual, into the wee hours of the night   "
doing a crossword and then trying to get some sleep
just chillin'
sunday funday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
420 was fucking awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
party time!!!
chillin' on the flip side!!
lonelier than kunta kente at a <propfirst> haggard concert   
don't know what to do   
beer pong!!!!!!!
chillin' bro   chillin'!!! lol!
"is as felo would say, \living the dream!\"" lol!!!"""
sunday funday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"another weekend starts, where it stops nobody knows"
chillin'
gonna try to get some sleep now
pondering on what to do   
aimlessly trying to find my way through this life of mine   
you're sitting in a bar  a song comes on and suddenly you think of me  what song is playing? re-paste this in your status and see how many crazy songs you get back! this should be interesting
waiting for world cup to start in just a few hours  go brasil!!!!
just chillin'
sunday funday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
life is better seen through eyes tinted red and words are better spoken through dry mouths   
the beach was fucking awesome today!!
the beach was once again awesome today!!! decent surf up at the lake worth pier!!
started drinking already  it's the weekend!!!
chillin'
maxin' and relaxin'  the world is much better seen through red eyes   
my phone is dead and i don't have my charger so if you're trying to get a hold of me   
i'm good to go!!!
sunday funday muthafuckas!!!!
chillin'
fuck yeah!!! beavis and butt-head are coming back to mtv with new episodes!!!
"once again its sunday funday!! wtf, its almost like a weekly event!! lol!!!"
"the world is better seen through red eyes, words are sweetly spoken through dry mouths   "
"the world is better seen through red eyes, words are sweetly spoken through dry mouths   "
resin  that's all i have to say about that 
   her ass is a spaceship i want to ride!!!!!
gettin' ready for tonight  <propfirst>'s last night in soflo!!!
sunday funday bitches!!!
"monday already   damn!! wait, its already august?! son of a bitch!! lol!"
every breath i take is a reason for me to celebrate!!!
"getting ready for the night!! ain't seen my nigga in 5 years, so we gonna party tonight! holla!!!!"
chillaxin' at house  wake and bake!!
chillaxin' at the house  wake and bake!!
just had an epic battle with a giant flying bug!!! hahaha!!!
in the right state mind for the time of day!!! celebrate!!!
"back at the house, killed my munchies, and watching tv 'til sunrise! haha, i love my life sometimes!!!"
hangin' out in the 305!
its a beautiful fucking day to be alive!!!
in the right state mind for the time of day!!! celebrate!!!
who's got some snaps on the petro?!!!
just chillin'!
sunday funday!!!
"chillin', night make way downtown "
"just watched \1984\"" for the time  that movie is fucked up!!!"""
hangin' with the mon mon monster!!!
another sunrise witnessed    sometimes i love my life!!!
with mon mon yet again   
still with the mon mon monster!!!
cypress hill knows where its at!!!
pre-gaming   for what? i don't know  haha!!!
sunday funday once again!!!
movie marathon!
hangin' with the boys! the bemis is in town!!!
chillin'  its what i do best!!!
hittin' up respetables street for some dub step!!!
"yo, the dub step is working it right now! if you ain't at respectable's you should be!!! haha!!!"
i got home as the high school kids were walking to the bus stop! life is grand!!!
   like <propmale> <propmale>!
i'm soooooo bored!!!
"florida state, florida state, florida state! woooooo!!!!!"
downtown @ the block party!!!
having fun!!!
i can't believe i'm at the fucking mug right now!!!
"made it home safe, thanks to <propmale>  good looking! definitely taking your advice to heart!"
where is the party?!
going to <propmale>'s!!!
going to thr titty club!!!
no titty club tonight 
"oddly enough, the power in my entire neighborhood went out  after the storm died down  this totally blows!!!"
   like a villain 
$1 pbr night!!! bottoms up!!!
   like <propmale> <propmale> 
layin' low tonight  gotta be at miami international airport by 10am to pick up my uncle 
back in the '<propfirst>! god i hate miami traffic!!!
bru's watching the games!!!
beer ponging it up on sunday funday!!!
the texans beat the colts?! holy shit!!!
"the man who feel him a fool he, for he be the wiseman   "
hanging around downtown with mon mon 
chillin' on the ave with my homies!!!
kahuna   $1   pbr   do it   i am! hahaha!
i'm doing good!!!
zzzzzzzzzzzzz   and so on 
"out and about, cold chillin'! haha!!!"
   like <propmale> <propmale> 
d-runk!
its 6am already! i need to go to bed  night night 
just got home 
"   the moral is, don't let a hooker be your navigator  haha!"
tampa bay 2-0!!!
on my way to miami international airport 
i can barely keep my eyes open so i'm gonna stop trying to  peace!
straight cold chillin'!!!
thinking about hittin' up the beach   
standing in the middle of the road  'cause i can do that!
moving a friend 
to the corner i go! lol!!!
roaming once again to   
its friday night motherfuckers!!!
f-l-o-r-i-d-a s-t-a-t-e!!!
what to do?   
boynton bound with the mon mon!
"\the world is better seen through eyes tinted red and words are more sweetly spoken out of mouths full of cotton \"" ~stephane jolicoeur"""
at <propmale>'s    need i say more?! haha!!
talking to the fine deputies of the palm beach sheriff's office!!!
ready for a change   
on the ave   
chillin' with morg and e-rock!!!
chillin' at  lake osbourne! sunday funday motherfuckers!!!
straight cold chillin'
straight cold chillin'
   like <propmale> <propmale> 
just got home  gonna do some reading now 
"out and about, concentrating on my tunes!!!"
maxin' and relaxin' like always
bru's room! go noles!!!
fuck miami!!!!!!!! go fsu!!!!!!
"good weekend for football, fsu beat miami, the gators lost, and the bucs won! awesome! plus tomorrow's my birthday, yay!!"
27 years old now  thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"chillin', out and about "
"chillin', out and about "
just finished up at denny's   soooooooo stuffed!!!
back alley drinking with <propfirst> <propfirst>!!
watching fsu football!!!
chillin' with fam in miami
partyin' with fam in miami!
hangin' with the mon-ster!!!
just chillin'
gonna run some errands
"stuck in a holding pattern, wondering if i'll ever touch down "
just got home  gonna read until i pass out! hahaha!!!
"nice weekend, and now it ends "
what's the deal?!
"<propfirst> <propfirst> just signed on to do 2 \avatar\"" sequels! awesome!! can't wait until december 2014 and december 2015!!"""
"out and about, chillin' with an old friend"
chillin' at the house   lost my car privileges and and the screen on my phone  fml!
"f-l-o-r-i-d-a s-t-a-t-e! florida state, florida state, florida state wooooo!!!"
bru's room  football  need i say more?
got another phone
family time   gotta love it 
spending the weekend in miami without my phone 
"f-l-o-r-i-d-a s-t-a-t-e!!! florida state, florida state, florida state!!! woooooo!!!"
"back in the '<propfirst>, tomorrow night! holla after 9 smile 0 or so!"
on my way to the train station  should be in the '<propfirst> by 9 smile 0-10 
just missed the last train up  gotta wait 'til the morning  total bummer 
feels good to finally be home!
chillin' with <propfemale>!
go bucs!!!!!!!
chillin'
watching whip it and sippin' on a bloody <propfirst> 
seeing the world through tinted eyes   
is at home 
definitely caught 4:20!!! awesome!!!
wake and bake!
two words    boat parade!!!
   tinted eyes and dry mouths
"relaxin', as always  lol!"
chillin' at a secret locale!
dry mouths and tinted eyes   lol!
just another wednesday   
"ridin' up respectable st , kickin' it dubstep style!!!"
respectable st  didn't work  what to do?   
blah blah blah   
the motion of my hips can power small cities!!!
chillin' at the house   
blah blah blah   
just waking up 
whatever   
total eclipse of the <propfemale>! good thing i heard about it on the news earlier or else i'd be bugging out right now! hahahahaha!!!
insomia is ironically quite tiring  go figure 
deep in contemplation   sorta
crosswords   
doesn't really feel like christmas is 3 days away 
"boredom, escaping it is easier said than done "
pepe's hideaway!!!
its all fun and games 'til someone figures it out! haha!
beer   the reason i get up every afternoon!
driving to <propmale> with the fam!
<propfemale> christmas to all!!
just got to islands of adventure!! let the  good times roll!!!
chillaxin' with some brews   finally! lol!
   chillin'
the bucs are rockin' out!!!!
happy my bucs whooped some ass!!!!!!!!!!!
bed time  got a long early morning drive ahead of me
home sweet home!
"of course there's always a light at the end of the tunnel, otherwise its just a hole!"
shooting pool at <propmale>'s
in my leopard printed bed
cleaning house   
"same bat time, same bat channel   "
out and about with jely
i don't know   
   
sitting around at home   hmm
white boy wasted!!!
chillin'
i don't know   
chillin' with gillie
ok   
ninja gaiden sigma is whooping my ass!!!
drinking some winn-dixie rum!!!
home   nap time
just got home from <propmale>'s! it was a good night!
beddy bye time!
maxin' and relaxin'
<propmale>'s ice house once again!!!
i had to choke 'em   
nice to meet you  its a pleasure to know me 
watching <propmale> and <propfemale>  i always forget how bat shit crazy those 2 were!
thinking   
the heavy pets! downtown amphitheater!
"bru's, just chillin'!!!"
going to <propmale>'s!!!!!!!
out & about in boynton tonight
benny's nigga!!!!
<propmale>'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"by the way, if you haven't seen species iii, don't  its fucking phenomenally awful!!!"
the sun is rising   time for bed
just chillin'
hell yeah! green bay took that shit!!!!
contemplating the many wins and losses in life   
is feeling a bit morose and dejected right about now
excited about what's to come!!!
gonna try and get some sleep now  laterz
another night on the couch watching tv
crosswords puzzles whooping my ass!
"making myself a salad, then its bedtime"
random thought: whatever happened to <propmale> moranis?
wondering what to do   
an ibm supercomputer on jeopardy   really? i wonder whose gonna win?
more of the same
haha! i've been up for 20 hours!!l
chillin' at bru's with jaz
"at the usual place, in the usual position, doing the usual thing"
"same bat time, same bat channel   "
its all about the saturday morning cartoons
nap time   
fresh haircut 
roamin' around downtown 
sunday funday anyone?
trying to go to the beach!
"didn't make it to the beach today, but there's hope for tomorrow!"
dinner time  then another nap
   like <propmale> <propmale>
i often quote myself; it adds credibility to my arguements 
woo hoo!!! fsu-65 um-59!!! suck it hurri canes!
roaming around downtown!
chillin' @1st and 10!!!
drinkin'
chillin'
crosswords   love 'em!
good to go!!!
packing up and gettin' ready!!
just touched down in boston!!!
@<propfirst> airport sitting at a bar waiting for my bag to arrive in an hour! i fucking hate checking bags!!!
on the drive to vermont
"holy fuck, its snowing!!! i know, i know its to be e playful ected, but i haven't seen this shit in years!!!"
i'm in vermont dude!!!!
its snowing!!!!!
headin' out to cape cod!!!
drunk on the cape!!!
back on the mountain!!!
missing the parade in delray this year 
chillin' in the mountains!!!
still sore from repeatedly falling down the mountain on thursday (aka snowboarding)!!!!
preparing to return to soflo!!!
its snowing sideways!!!
good to be bad!!!!
one last beer then bedtime
g'night all!!! later!!!
"so, when did the cheeto's cheetah get an english accent? i always thought he was from california!"
<propmale>'s!!!
   like <propmale> <propmale>!
"nice to meet you, it's a pleasure to know me "
procrastinating  i hate painting!
sweet! finally done painting!
i'm so fucking sick of blind intolerance! especially when its about religion and i'm not even religious! almost makes me ashamed of living in this country!
"going hunting tomorrow, wish me luck  (for a job that is ) haha!"
"so i finally decide to actually look for a job, and its storming for the first time in months!"
day 1 looked promising 
"don't you hate it when its too hot to cover up, but a little too cold to not cover up? then all you can do is stick one leg out, but then that then feels weird!"
hmmmm   
chillin'
"just livin', l-i-v-i-n!"
just got home  just a little drunk!
just woke up and still kinda drunk! i had fun last night!!!
nursing a mild hangover
hanging with the boys!!!
where are the heroes!?! -cam <propfirst> at <propfirst> airport
<propmale>'s!
home
one more application filled 
