9be172717db71d60d9a78c4eae27971e
back in frostburg    
is tired and wants to take a long nap   
is loling over a silly website she found while surfing the web   
"wants to sleep in her chair     but can't cause she is at work, and has to look like she is doing work    "
"work, work, work     can never stop    if i stop i might die   "
wants to sleep for a good 2 hours   *yawn*
is looking really really hard    for treasure   
is watching another movie on tv    nothing better to do   
"bored    really really bored    omg bored    omfg bored    someone do something    going nuts at my desk, i need to do something    i know maybe if i get <propfemale> to let the dog out in teh front year i could come home and round them up    yeah, that what i "
"looking inside the tv, to find my imagination    what a world we live in   "
cleaning   
relaxing at home   
"wondering, if there is really a tomarrow   "
get myself a new phone    
working again    yay!!
"just finish doing errands, and grabbing a bite to eat   "
back to work   gotta make those invisble dollars    lol
just moved into my new office at my internship   yay!!! no longer in a  corner of a hole   
its my last week at the museum     crying 
tired  
yay     lunch time   
"packing and packing, checking what i need for school"
the volcano has e playful loded   
so tired    
so tired     but i have more to do before i can collaspe into my bed   
omg!! i am 234 in line    they are still at 140    i am never going to get my permit   
watching a 45min video for <propfirst> certification    so long   
has so much homework     ohhh!!! my new tv    lol
is tired    and has to get up early early in the morning     ughhhhh!!
getting reading to go home for the weekend     yay!!! i really need it   
"studying, shopping, studying, eating, and possibly relax a little   "
back at the burg   
have to study for my test today    i need to a good grade to get that a!!!
is really tired of having shit thrown in her face     sad 
i need a drink    but i should study first   
oh snap    its late   
"pluto isn't a planet, its a extra large snowball   "
"la, la, la,     i have alot of homework   "
"omg so much homework     but it should know by now, that i have to not stress out about it  "
where has the time gone    ??
mmm  whatcha say    
why   
got to go the fundraiser thing for apo
"oh sanp    almost done my outline, and thesis    i am so happy   "
had a horrible night   
so tired     why did i have to have the morning shift    ughhhh      
home    it feels so good  
i think i was abducted by aliens    
wheres the bug bomb   !!! omg
yay i love my new computer  smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>    cereal good   
i want to plan a trip to the carpathian mountains     i look like such a beautiful place   
hmmmm  more cereal   
"i wonder what to do, on saturday   "
gosh you're pretty     i know     -fairly odd parents     
to many rcr to do    i am so tired of the paperwork    why so much paperwork     why!!!!
hoping that my <propfirst> is doing okay   
"tired    very tired    for some reason my dream kept waking me up    it was so weird    finally when i got up for good, i said thank god that dream was over   "
its cold    really cold   
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
meeting at 7pm
i think i was just offered a part in the vagina monologue
i am still thinking    
done with being outside in the cold     done with classes and now on to painting my box   
getting there    i think i should sleep  
whoowooo     i feel the air under my imaginary wings    i can fly    i can so totally fly   
when did laughing become a daily habbit   
no school     yay!!!
"please, please let their be no school tomarrow"
mmm  lunch
"looking beyond all hope, i can still see that shining <propfemale>   "
back home   for the weekend
you know you are going a little bit crazy when you start to sing in front of your residents  
"studying is a pain in the ass  i really hope the snowstorms, just destorys us so that we don't have school    oh yeah i want it to come down and cover us till we are neck deep in snow   "
"oh boy, duty tonight will be so much fun    "
i really wish there was an easier way to find a decent place tht is affordable
booo     why does there have to be a test tomarrow     why not thursday    ]
yay it my b-day!!!! i am 22 years old!!!
thanks everyone   !!!!
thanks everyone    again for saying happy birthday to me    thanks for making my day better   
"ahhh, its over     sad "
omg i want pizza tonight   !!
great to be back in the burg   
ohh pickles how you intrigue the most perverted people   
"trying to find a fourth class that i can take so, i am a full time student next semeste   "
oh snap    the backyard is getting a little better to tolerate   
soon this semester will be over    and i can relax and enjoy the summer air     but wait   i just accepted a new summer job   i guess it can wait alittle longer    besides i will be in the sun all day long    although it would be deemed as work   i think i can handle it   
??????
i am so tired    i was outside for to long    
can't wait to get this day over with   
"wishes it was summer already    i could be working on my tan, and have a fun job this year   "
"i am hoping that greek week won't take to much of my time    i mean i still have alot of homework, to do, but hey, this week will definitly not be so stressful for me   "
"have to write to two papers by tonight, and tomarrow, cause they are due tomarrow    i can do it    its no problem for me    lol   "
i am going to go to sleep now    which means that i have another half a <propfemale> to write on my paper before it is done    yay me    
"oh boy    i have ra banquet tonight, then i need to finish my laundry, then start studying for my final on tuesday     this weekend can't gett any better  "
so cold    why so cold    
still very cold    when will i see the sun again   ?? why does it have to be so cold   ???
"now that i have been home for a few days, i feel that i should be doing something more then just sleeping, doing laundry and just sitting around the house    i think i will start an adventure before i go to summer camp  "
only home for one day    so much work i have to do  
"oh crazy days    so boredd and trying to find something to do     booo     i only have one day to have fun, guys    figure soemthing out for me   "
my last night home    i must make the best of it  
laying in bed chillin and catching up on my shows    yay!!!
i guess i not getting the truck this week    i still have to drive my green monster back to camp    yup   
i finally got the green light to take to the truck    yay!!! fun time in the white pick-up truck    on my way back to camp    my last week there   
so far i would give this summer a 8   i had loads of fun  
"so much on my plate, what to eat first   "
"<propfemale>'s birthday went pretty good, i hope she got what she wanted    yay!!!"
waiting to see if my paper is going to be appoved by my professor  
i finally have water     yay!! two days of watching dad reconstruct the plumbling system in the basement   
today was the perfect day to just lay by the pool    i needed to even out the tan lines  
why do i dream such amazing things    sometimes i just wish that my dreams were the reality of my life
oh snap you just been block    what now sucka  
"if you can't tell, i am really bored    this usually means that i should go to bed   "
"cleaning the basement    oh and probably going to clean it again this weekend, throwing everything away!!! ugh    i doubt we will get that far  "
"yay!!! basement is clean-ish, i mean i got all the water out of it    no indoor swimming pool here    just the outdoor one  "
waiting for the day to get better   
wondering what to do tonight   
i had the best weekend home thus far   
"bored, and thinking i might have to play some more videogames before i really get bored and do something stupid   like standing on top of the car and start dancing   "
was out of the house for most of the day    and i still want to go out and have some fun   
going to go shopping for someones birthday  
"i need to something to do tonight, two of my friends already bailed    i don't want to sit at teh house all night   "
"officially moved into my new apartment, with roommates included"
took a nice shower and now just going to relax for most of the day
oh dear i guess my summer is officially over tomarrow    first day of classes    
on campus trying to make myself busy
so early    in the morning   why so early  
why does it seem that everyone is mad at me today    did i destroy a country or something    please let me know what i did   
playing some assains creed   
that was a two hour meeting   
bsa invovlment fair at the gym    got to go set up  
"almost there   soon i will have the weekend all to myself, with the exception of one roommate   "
"reading is so much fun, especially when its for a class    "
"watching some crazy korean drama, that i can't help but laugh, cause its so good   "
my head hurts    so much information   
feeling so sick    ugh!!
sick!!! didn't sleep that good last night    in fact i was awake at 2am being ever sicker   
"must memorize painting!!!!!!! must memorize 30,000 years of <propmale>!!"
waiting in the library   then off tothe pac for the president's speech  
"<propmale> test!!! i think i memorize all the sculpture, buildings, and paintings for this test    yeah, i think i got this   "
"so tired, and yet i still need to finish two of my papers, by tonight    ugh!!!!"
sg-u new episode is out on hulu!!! so excited   
oh snap!!! the new episode of caprica is coming in strong this season   
soon   soon i have to go to work    then bed   
"its been a long night, time for bed   "
thanks <propfirst> and <propfemale>   you are truly becoming apart of this family tree
where in the world is <propfirst> sandiego??!!
"working on the most amazing paper in the world    thats right, my paper   "
"if you have a dog who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, forgiven your faults and loved you anyway, make this your status  dogs are a gift  repost this if you have an amazing dog or have had amazing dogs who are no longer with us!! ?"
feeling on top of the world   
"if you don't know yet   my weekend is filled with papers    papers in my room, papers in my car, papers everywhere    i don't know where to start  "
"i am pretty sure, that someone butt dialed me   "
thank god for good brakes    plus my good driving skills    
"way to go blue, atleast we tried    "
the inner nationality quiz: what are you really? -- my result: you are swedish    http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 45430 referrals status?aid=907785001
"made my own milkshake, and it was really good   "
happy thanksgiving!!!
"this semi-formal, is going to blow your minds!!!"
who wants to pull an all nighter    i really could use a friend to study with   
its going to be a long night   
omg i think i finished my paper    where are the pigs   ? *looking the sky*
thursday night anyone???
feezing in my room  
writing a paper for tomarrows final   so that i can copy it on my test   
6 more days and i am free from studying everyday   
"counting down, till i graduate   plus studying  "
finished alll my finals    yay!! now all thats left is graduating    2 more days   
i finally did it   i finally graduated   i like to thank everyone for congratuating me on my big day    i hope everyone has a great winter break    and i hope to visit all my friends back at frostburg sometime in the spring semester 
"ok, so i think i might be going to cali for a job   "
had loads of fun in d c i really want to go back and just e playful lore the museums   
cleaning the basement
so i prefer being a fish over a water bearer anyday   
will never eat ice cream again   
"when life gives me lemons, i tend to throw them at people    "
we scare because we care  
"there is to much football   its everywhere   my house, news feed, twitter, everywhere   i don't need to watch when everyone basicially tells me who won  "
so wish i had a super brain   
