86b371dee713e94b847b3979eec69dbb
"is finally home, and very tired "
is done 
lake day!
is home from lake day and is getting pretty sick 
daddy's ultimate bbq burger
ap bio  
is getting his ass kicked by bio at the moment 
isn't having a great week 
is still not having a good week 
toy story double feature in 3d   yeah i know
8 hours
worst best night ever? hahah
cut out all the ropes and let me fall
"arise, black vengeance, from the hollow hell, yield up, o love, thy crown and hearted throne to tyrannous hate!"
has had a very delicious thanksgiving
sheppard 1-6 is on quizlet juniors
already needs this weekend 
freeeeze out
quizlet is down!
has not yet begun to fight!
enjoys bon iver 
avatar was amazing
new year's <propfemale> tomorrow
wrapped in green cloth - surrounded by metal walls and one-way doors 
wrapped in green cloth - surrounded by metal walls and one-way doors 
- to slow down the time
is up in the woods 
has never been so lucky 
fooormal
still yet enjoys bon iver 
http annoyed  www msnbc msn com id 35662192 ns technology_and_science-space ?gt1=43001
can i sleep soon? i don't think so 
thinks this is old now 
yeaaah go springs
lost oh my god what
who are you bangbangtrain?!
doesn't feel too great 
is liking the waste land    insanity is creeping in 
is up in the woods 
's phone charger broke =[
is up in the woods 
is looking forward to the return of <propfirst> stark 
"sat tomorrow, ugh   and go springs!"
"(251) annoyed ometimes, i think my fingers are pretzels "
has one more day!!
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!
what to do   
has anyone seen my wallet?!
is pretty bored right now and wants to do something 
wishes he didnt miss out at camp mcdowell 
hates plants 
is going to be in the peruvian cloudforest for the next 2 weeks  (don't call or text)  smile 
is having an incredible time in peru 
"is hooooome, but needs something to do   any suggestions?"
booo!
salt is so bad 
"in this lake of souls, i lose all fear "
"\stop complaining about me complaining!\"""""
"now has his new phone, and is finally once again able to be contacted =p"
wants to be in peru 
ooooooow
"is it true that on our first day monday, we don't have actual classes?"
worst paper ever written   
town meeting all day  aka sitting in the senior section all day 
"seniors  don't forget what we're doing tomorrow! if you don't know, ask someone!"
went nerf gun shopping 
is feeling a little sick 
feels awful 
is totally going to the zoo 
happy international literacy day!
has officially pre ordered reach 
9 11
takes to heart how sincere pandora radio's apology sounds when you dislike a song 
reach
i like it chopped up with mashed vegetables 
"\you all will be having kinky dreams tonight!\""   \",86b371dee713e94b847b3979eec69dbb,rejoice!  mr  booger lives!
thanksgiving!!!
train table
charleston!
let's have bizarre celebrations 
"\we're gonna have a good day    save that trouble for another day\"""""
the booooooooooooooooks
"come see the play tomorrow, friday, or saturday! 7 smile 0!"
0 3 essays done  good night 
1 3 essays done  huzzah!
it could be so easy for me to fall asleep right now     almost there 
