3889e175d78809ed501cfcadb7178a15
"\dunkin' on a reindeer  the game is over! the game is over!\"""""
is drinking powerthirst; it makes me uncomfortably energetic 
"i broke my phone in a move that was supposed to be really cool, but i failed  i will never redeem myself!"
i lost the game 
"no way, you guys are not still on the computer  get off, you dummies  > >"
hey guys my legs are cramping 
i have a face now!  laugh 
doing dbq!
"erm, so, i skipped practice today   "
"alright, facebook in pirate is really confusing me "
i looked up cankles on the internet to look at funny pictures 
"hey, someone should fake play in the snow with me  *snowball!*"
i lost my voice   annoyed 
do raptors fear fire?
comebackmomwemissyou d:
i cannot believe i wasted 20 minutes of my life on the internet 
"hey, guess who got a new phone!"
"so, did you guys know that 67% of squids are male?"
"so, the idea of the winter olympics was designed to leave out a few countries (like the entire southern hemisphere! where is my country?)"
"weeeee, lacrosse season is almost here!  laugh "
"it it like school \all  day  long \"" here  d< with homework!"""
it's like i woke up from a really long dream and all i have to remember it is a name tag 
"dudes, someone needs to buy me a robot "
i reconciled with the <propmale> kids today  we are allies now 
"so, i got my hair done in the city today, and the hairdresser and i were talking  hairdresser: i love ur accent- where u from? me: i'm from the county "
"dude, why? i think i just got hacked "
i think i cried a little at the end of that game  *heartbroken*
subway tessellated my sandwich! they tessellated my cheese! w00t!!!
"dudes, i just saw inception and it was amazing  amazing! (oh, and my brain hurts )"
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
"lol i just taught my grandpa how to use voicecommand on his cell phone\fun!"
my house is made of bacon  smile  smile 
i love how everything's due this wednesday except an outline 
i've been scarred for life and he probably doesn't even know it's his fault  _ 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower, armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this "
the only problem that ni hao <propfemale> <propfemale> has is that the music sequences are so awkward
