c920fce1d556a0d9462b052cfec1f60e
traveling again   tomorrow    
addicted to war games
i can finally do the splits!!!!!
is excited to be hanging with my old group alllll day long!!!
painting on a rooftop with my crazy friend!!!!!
spent the day on the roof again
past times with good old friends
needs to paint but will instead read more <propfemale> wars crap  i need to work out 
hell yeah im painting my life away!!
just rode the millennium force and feels pretty damn good 
"if i run 2-3 <propmale> a day, am underweight and still have high triglycerides, the fucking standards are wrong "
cell phone temporarily out of commission- may last a while  call my home phone if you need me  or shoot me an email 
5 hours of physics in one morning  what the fuck was i thinking?
-_- what is it with teachers who refuse to demonstrate math problems 
is one lucky cat 
collected collected golf ball-sized hail   torpedoes from god 
got rear-ended  yay 
painting her ass off for work 
mononoke and physics  what a combo 
needs some coffee for a long night
"tree fell on my house   annoyed  no real damage  just a lot of chopping, sawing, and pulling "
lccc is a <propmale> 
all zenned up!!
wiped out
gonna drink a ton of coffee to get through this week
is almost done with the most awesome costume ever!
ok  just end the semester 
counting down the days
scheduling for next semester is going to make me cry
i am mastering this circuit business!!!
burnin out  c'mon finals! lets get it over with 
whooo finals time!!!! whooo    
so im learning about weapons grade plutonium  i love chemistry 
in retrospect i have influenced lccc to some degree in just one semester; we are now allowed to have coffee in chem and physics labs  as seen in the lab rule amendments 
<propfemale> wars 
got good friends alll over- thanks for the good lucks everyone!
whooooo no more physics!!!!
thanks everyone!!!
jeeze!!! thanks for all the birthday wishes! i hope everyone's enjoying their holidays  smile 
freakin misses cafe aroma
i just looked at my statistics book   and it's ugly 
<propfemale> can do statistics  but got hit by an ironing board  while doing statistics 
"doin the \please cancel classes\"" dance"""
"will try to maintain a positive attitude towards lccc's cancellation policies  or lack thereof  no, no i'm pretty pissed off "
    and this statistics thang wont end well at all 
"killing the shit out of the hoard, because it's soooooo much more fun than homework "
"coupla shots and lots of bengay and im in the happiest, stinkiest, most comfortable world      with a paper to finish  right now "
"this weather reminds me of that time a few years back when i was driving through the boonies of firelands and my car's catalytic converter died  so i got stuck in the middle of a corn field at the start of a wicked thunderstorm with metallica's \blackened\"" playing  i forgot the point so i'll make one up  bring good music in case bad shit happens """
i really hate it when men call my house and try to tell me how to vote on women's issues  i just fucked up their demographic for good 
"verizon users- i needa know who's got it, cuz you're free on my phone  smile "
i'm updating my phone and need to know who's got verizon- cuz you get a tick <propfirst> for being free to call  smile 
after over a decade of determination i finally discovered that secret dosage that leads to coffee nirvana  and i have become coffenlightened 
"wow  lab today had better involve blowing shit up, or i might be sad about missing this weather     and it doesn't  sad "
loves chemistry  hates deadlines 
is thinking this chem test will need to be curved   
is worried that my cat is trying to eat the bengay off me  playful 
"it's all official-like, seeing as how it's in facebook   smile  he finally popped the question!!!!"
"the more beer i drink , the easier chemistry gets "
"so i walked into a restaurant last night, and asked for a pot of coffee, because it was going to be a long night  the waitress literally gave me a pot of coffee "
free iced coffee day + uber bio chem exam = bring it 
"so   one test down, 5 exams tomorrow (yes, 5) and one in stats next f-ing wednesday  taking advantage of free coffee refills during finals week "
"after 5 exams today, i think this pumkin ale i've been saving is dead "
yep  love <propfemale> paint 
just took me a 10 mile hike in the middle of nowhere  um   i am very tanned now 
"<propfirst> sagan, you may be a hero of mine, but you put me to sleep faster than a concussion  therefore, it's the cosmos tonight "
   ever notice how humidity makes everyone frustrated?
happiness is wearing pajama pants and an obnoxious shirt on a monday 
hurts so good 
"officially, it's off to chicago for the both of us!  smile "
   what do i like more   star wars or the aliens predator franchise? summer=sci fi 
my cat will never eat her canned food  but holy balls if i have an apple or buttered toast shes all about it 
black river reservation= wow
creeping death has caught me  sad  blech 
ass-whoopin? sure  i'll take one  it's all good  just give me some icy hot in the morning 
repo! the genetic opera= awesome
reliving the 90's with a marathon of <propfemale>  which may have been the best part of mtv in the 90's 
to the city of <propmale>; you caught me; and i wasn't even doing anything cool  anyone have good ticket stories?
perseid meteor shower in tim-buck nowhere = excellent!!
"yes, well packing certainly blows "
oh my god they have an <propfirst> scissor-hands my little pony!!! that is so inherently sinister and adorable!
most of my stuff is boxed up and in the garage  move-day is wednesday  sweet 
"hmmm   as my bed is all packed up, i guess i get the couch tonight "
<propfirst> and i made it to school in one piece- this place is awesome and the school is fantastic!!!! i love it here!
another day with the dead- whoo anatomy lab!
so the smart board in my histology class went down and for some reason my professor didn't seem to like my suggestion that she teach us about muscle cells in the form of interpretive dance   no one likes my ideas 
  and good night world  i'm out 
yeah can i just go back to bed now?
i now have a pink squeezie-ball with a happy face on it  awesome
super-hard midterm worth half my grade is now  rawr 
"c'mon eyes, stay open!"
"yum wine, die hard, and good company  smile "
nay dr  christianson  nay 
i am being wrestled 
i am fascinated with blood flow    imagine that  too bad ive gotta get this down in 2 weeks 
went to ikea today for the first time ever  and holy balls- that place is amazing!
ohhh boy     formaldehyde in the morning    x_x
so the <propfemale> city it is   ive never seen wind last for days   in other news <propfirst> made my day
so every exam that could happen is happening this week  and im sick  but there's coffee and if i get through this there's another trip to ikea involved- so lets get her done!
so going to a school with massage therapy students just got me a free 1 5 hour massage  and right before midterms that was well timed
good luck on the anatomy exam guys!!!
still studying   
$100 for a library card  a year     i can see this village and i will have a love-hate relationship for the next 4 years 
i can't wait till christmas
"<propfirst>- \so the caster casts sickness  character will get sick\""\",c920fce1d556a0d9462b052cfec1f60e,i have literally studied 8 chapters in these past 5 hours  that is pretty epic 
   and that was my second full body massage  it just keeps getting better!
definitely snowing 
whoa  anyone checking out europe right now? scary
"i just went out to do my laundry, and even the back alley is crammed full of black friday craziness       it's a shut in day today    "
i can't be the only one who puts a <propfemale> cane in their mouth and pretends it's a pipe 
"i have spent 26 hours in the anatomy lab this week as of today, and 'm pretty sure my insides are being preserved as we speak "
flu and strep with finals in three days  my life is a high-stakes game 
good luck everyone on your finals!!!
<propmale> <propmale> you made my day!!!
just got back into ohio last night! hell of a drive- call me if you want to <propfemale> out because i'm in southern ohio until the semester resumes  happy holidays everyone!
midnight car rides in the middle of nowhere=so awesome
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes- i'm lucky to have so many awesome friends!!!! happy holidays and all that jazz!!
"for the record, i needed 3 more weeks off  let the semester begin "
"seriously, i just ask and the universe provides  now for some matcha tea and biochem "
i think i died in the 60's because all i can listen to lately is 60's hippie music 
photoshop: we are not friends  ever 
saw fire and ice and holy crap i love frazetta!!!!
writing a curriculum vitae is kinda like a <propfirst> on the back  if you have life e playful erience!  (and i don't) 
"in an effort to curtail students from doing poorly due to heavy work loads, the school has decided to ban dropping classes past the 4th week of classes  what the fuck are they smoking?"
sweet!!!! sleepinig in wednesday!!!! everyone be careful on the roads- i have an extra bed if anyone gets caught on the road tuesday wednesday
cross your fingers and hope the storm hits early so they can close school extra early!
"i am in denial of winter, therefore i am making a tropical mixed cd  any ideas for songs other than margaritavill and kokomo? (cuz i already have them)"
"had 20+ acupuncture needles in my feet, hands, leg, and neck  this is a new kind of stoned "
wow business class is a downer  mental fortitude!
"lipids, you do not amuse me!"
mmmm     sushi date    
"had chinese cupping today, accupuncture, a massage, and an adjustment  in all, i feel super chilled  and i look like a cthulu attack victim "
yay for thunderbolts so strong they set off car alarms
coffee nirvana!!!
huh  it all makes sense after a glass of wine and some good food  go biochem 
"wait, ohio   did you just ban the ability of workers to strike??? so how is that not a violation of constitutional rights? i mean, now lots of people are going to strike and then what?"
glycogen synthesis makes me feel like the biggest nerd  go food!!
free massage!!!
