cbb03648503930a3ec937b1325ce2191
happy new year!!!!!!
i've been busy trying to find some resembelence of sanity while managing my classes  it's going well though  i'm sure that as soon as i get used to when whats-do-when for all my classes things will calm down  how are you and your kids doing?
i'm quickly deciding that i really like the show ncis    
my first test in my chem class is thursday  which direction are the hills?
"i survived my chem test     now i must do the rest of my homework, along with next weeks chemistry *sigh*"
can't wait for the season premere of ncis this coming tuesday 
thinks that there needs to be more hours in a day so she can actually finish everything she needs to do for school for once (and have time to breath)
understands how to name acids in chemistry   laugh 
had fun getting a facial today 
survived her first speech in her public speaking class last night
wonders how knowing that there are 8 44x10^22 aluminum atoms in 3 78g of aluminum will help me in reality  (seriously)
got to play with fire in chem lab today
need's to stop putting things off till the last minute (like my creative writing homework)
hopes that she'll get as much done tommorrow as she did today 
"wonders if the \facts\"" on the snapple caps are accurate or not """
has discovered facebook games
this week has gone by really fast
can't wait for finals to be over and be on christmas break
it's finals week    =s
"well, off to my math final    then only my chemistry final to go"
"\let your heart love unhindered by fear or rejection \"""""
1 more day until my christmas break begins!
horray! free at last! christmas break has begun
so many school papers to get rid of from this semester    the recycling industry must love me
love's cheese cake       
happy new year!
1 more week left of break then its the begining of another semester
got her wisdom teeth out yesterday and is no longer terribly afriad of iv's 
classes have started again  farwell to christmas break and hello to homework 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness "
has only six weeks left of school!!  laugh 
the last tests and finals are begining to loom like clouds
i found that i can get to facebook on my phone  laugh 
made rosewater today
was surprised to realized today that i only have two weeks left of classes before finals week 
is happy now that finals are over!!!!  laugh 
has 3 weeks of from school before summer school starts
summer classes start tomorrow
questions the necessity of precalculus
has discovered the spicy chicken sandwitch from chick-fil-a
i have my chemistry lab midterm today        ='s
watched fireworks from my bedroom window  the traffic was like nonexistant    
does anyone know how to turn the facebook volume up or down?
"\the strongest people you know now were once the weakest \"""""
"i think \i survived my chemistry class\"" should be on a t-shirt somewhere """
"if your brave, copy this to your status and see what people rate you as  (1) crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy (13) funny (14) awesomly awesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute (1 smile  best friend (19) i'd marry you  smile "
i felt like i was getting a crash course in the greek alphabet during my math class with all the symbols 
now has two weeks of summer break before the fall semester starts  i have serious plans        1 recuperate and rest up from summer classes  2  pretend to get a few productive things done  3  goof offf       all in time to get my things organized for fall classes and become bored so i actually feel like i want to go back to school in two weeks 
the parking lots at mcc was so crowded today that there were rows of cars parked in the front lawn of the school!
so i was stopped at a light a while ago and i saw a car that was going the opposite direction i was and stopped at the opposite light that i thought was a police car  then when he went past me i saw that he had two bars across the top of his car with what looked like colored tape on them to make people think it was a police car 
so i was kind of bummed today when i was eating my lunch  i went to get my second peanut butter and jelley sandwich and saw that i had already eaten it    but somehow i have no memory of when i ate it  ='(
so i am firmly convinced that i absolutely love my arabic class  my teacher feeds us more often than she does not 
i feel like i took an unplanned tour of the east valley today  i was sooo lost!
doesn't like pollen very much; or animal dander 
feels like the weeks are going by faster and faster; not like i am complaining 
went into handbell practice yesterday knowing absolutely nothing about how to play handbells and when i left i felt like i was getting the <propfemale> of it  i am pretty happy with myself 
is trying really hard to be patient with my two hour and twenty minute arabic class tonight
just might be able to get all of my laundry done today for once  i have been trying to teach my laundry to do itself for several years now and at this i have failed 
"so, alas i did not manage to finish all of my laundry as i had planned  i still haven't folded it and it has been sitting in a basket for oh i would say about a week now, probably longer        sad "
is finally done with laundry  wahooo! for this week anyway    
"is definitely not destined to be a biology <propmale>  i cannot stand my basic bio class; aside from a few things that i am finding interesting  however, usually the interesting parts are ironically the parts i also understand  it is pretty amazing how the two correlate "
nutella + peanut butter = really tastey
"so apparently last night, my dad was unloading some things from his car last night and went out to find that the gray and white cat my dad named \fraidy cat\"" sitting in the front passanger seat  he ran out real fast once he saw my dad walking toward the car  to bad i couldn't get a pic """
"so apparently last night, my dad was unloading some things from his car and went out to find that the gray and white cat my dad named \fraidy cat\"" sitting in the front passanger seat  he ran out real fast once he saw my dad walking toward the car  to bad i couldn't get a pic"""
"so i have determined that i do not have a sign in my head that says \space for rent \"" i have a sign that says \""sale pending \"""""
loves saturdays!!! my day to relax 
<propfemale> bushes fight back
"take 60 seconds and give this a shot! let's just see if shaitan (satan) stops this one \all you do is   \1 ) say: subhaan-allah al-hamdu-lillah  allaah-ho-akbar  laa ilaha ilalahu muhammad - u - rasoolullah  allaahumma salli alaa sayyidina muhammad wa alaa aalihi wa sahabihi wasallim "
i wish my dog would stop trying to sabotage my gardening attempts  my poor cabbage plant    
"finally, finally, finally got to buy myself some new clothes today! hamdillah!"
i think my dog has a taste for cabbage   sad 
the cloud of final exams looms     
i wonder if i could lojack my dvd remote   
done with finals (as of tuesday)! i have begun my christmas break  time for me to slack off and be unproductive 
doesn't wanna make a dentist appointment tomorrow      anyone want to go for me?
"doesn't like google's new site \improvement\"" where search results start coming up as soon as you start typing  it makes the site really really slow!"""
"despite my efforts, my room seems to always look like a tornado hit it     i am losing my mind "
i wish my paint would dry faster    
so much for going to bed by 12
brrr     it's cold
"my poor summer plants are very cold (my tomato, hot and <propfemale> peppers)    they have a lot of frost damage from this last week and i am worried that some or all may not make it   sad "
i need to learn to accept that i can do nothing about the speed of time  i can try to use it wisely 
may my hair dryer rip  sadly it died this last week 
had fun climbing squaw peak yesterday with <propfemale>
i found out recently that i have two phantoms that live near my house! and this whole time i thought there was only one!
i want to buy time management skills  anyone selling some they aren't using?
"yawn   in my personal opinion morning are too early, cold, dark and just generally overrated"
was reunited with an old friend last night     sleep
"as of yesterday, my christmas break ended and my spring semester began"
one can never have too many fuzzy blankets
mwahahahahaha             
tired    must sleep      
brrrrr      it`s cold!
i think i actually succeeded in making my room slightly cleaner today
it is way to cold outside!
"i just heard the best option from an automated menu option  it said \if you would like to speak with someone who will guide for the right place    \"" i don't know how many times i have called a place with an automated menu and not known what i was looking for """
"warning !! facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor  to block this   go to your kitchen and get a box of aluminum foil  wrap foil around your head, stay calm & breathe through only your left nostril  this is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mother and her pet cat !! copy and paste as your status & save your friends - please !!"
yawn      mornings    
i have discovered that i am strongly opposed to monthly texting limits!
it baffles me how i can spend so little time in my room house and it can become such as disaster anyway 
only 7 more days until my phone <propmale> cycle starts over and i can text again!
mornings are not my friend at all! especially the really early ones
i  love  naps
i'm over on my minutes and texting until the 18th of this month  so if you could please you facebook or email to get a hold of me until then i would appreciate it 
once again the wind is sabotaging my laundry day with wind
is mourning the loss of my water heater
had a good morning at the zoo with <propfemale>
and now i need a nap
cookies!  laugh 
almost spring break  only have to make it until friday at 10:50 and i will have some freedom!
one more 50 minute class then spring break will begin!
"mornings    grumble    grumble  \i hate mornings  i'd like them better if they started later\"" - <propmale> comic"""
"plants, plants and more plants! i am working on my garden this week "
maybe i will finish with the gardening today    maybe if i am really lucky
only 2 melons and 1 tree left to plant tomorrow then i will be finished planting  wahoo!
"well 18 corn, 12 marigolds, 6 <propfemale> beans, 6 gold and green mix beans, 6 <propfemale> tomatoes, 6 early girl tomatoes, 1 <propmale>, 1 sweet <propfemale> pepper, 2 sugar baby watermelons, 2 cantaloupe, and 1 fugi apple tree later i am done with my spring break gardening"
i can't find my crayons
tired    i need a nap
"apparently, gophers like my garden too  sad "
my room has gotten to the point where i just can't stand it anymore  i must clean it 
