4d64070c8365210adcb187e76984bf69
"why, oh why, did i not wear a jacket tonight? i think my toes legs arms nose fingers will have to be amputated after what they've been through "
thank goodness for curtains that make my room so dark when it is so bright outside
"indulging in the best taco salad ever  thanks <propfemale>, hope you feel better!"
haven't touched a computer in months! can't wait 'til i get my own   
thank you for all my birthday wishes! i'm still learning this facebook thing  smile 
i'm back in the saddle again- i finally have a computer!!!!
"so i was going to make an apple cider punch for thanksgiving, but instead found this interesting cranberry punch  i may not be able to cook, but let's pray i can put together an awesome alcoholic punch!"
someone needs to teach me how to upload videos!
thinking of a drink to make on christmas    it will definately be better than thanksgivings'- no cranberries will be involved  i was thinking about this godiva peppermint <propfemale>  think alcholic hot chocolate with peppermint flavor   ? or maybe i can substitute caramel for the peppermint? i need feedback!
just made a dentist appointment    i just know they're gonna tell me i have to get my wisdom teeth removed  i'm so scared  sad 
i have decided that the majority of my family is not sane  and i love it (but only cuz it makes me feel better about myself hehe)
"so much to do, and so little energy"
go bearcats!
"staining this wood is just so exciting- in addition to bumps, scrapes, and bruises, i now have a couple of half-stained toes and the onset of arthritis in my right hand  seriously, will this torture ever end?"
life is good: was watching so you think you can dance while texting both my mother and sister about it  i'm glad to have spread my love for that show  smile 
baby it's cold outside
so so close to finishing this darn floor  today: the finishing coat goes on! i'm so excited!
"kinda bummed    apparently i put on too much stain and it is taking a bit longer to dry  oh well, it looks so pretty i can be patient (i guess)!"
waited an hour and paid $50 to hear a dentist tell me my wisdom teeth are coming in  duh  i've known this for years     where's my money?
"i'm excited for my mini vacay! it's awesome not having to work   wish i never had to do it again, actually"
goin to celebrate <propfemale>'s b-day! it's about to be a crazy night    
i don't feel like doin a darn thing but make a snow angel today
can't seem to fall asleep   
pepperjack cheez-it's and my mouth is on fire
i think i might kill someone today
silly tickle in my throat needs to go elsewhere  like now!
i wonder if my family would mind if i broke out the alcoholic hot chocolate right now   
full belly + benadryl + wine = happy <propfemale>  smile 
i feel like i should be doing something but instead am staring at this computer screen     i think i'll go watch a movie
got the sweetest fishnets today- what we doin for new years?!?!
still don't know what we're doing tonight    i think it's about time we decide!
cheetos cheetos cheetos!
"woo hoo snow day for me, too! guess i get to sit at home and vaccuum   and do laundry   and clean the kitchen   wait, maybe i shoulda gone to work instead  sad "
"can't believe my \can of soup\"" car made it up the snow-covered driveway!"""
i wish there was a cure for indecisiveness (is that even a word?)  i hate not being able to make up my mind!
"just realized how unproductive i was yesterday    don't think i'll be too productive today, either  smile "
my belly hurts and i can't sleep  doesn't my body understand it has to be at work in a couple of hours? pull yourself together man!
why is it that my off days are never relaxing?
can't wait for saturday to roll around- snow tubing with the fam!
little overambitious this morning    came in to work at 6 to find out i'm not supposed to work until 7    blah
"<propmale>'s gonna pump me up today  smile  he's such a busy man, i'm gald he could find time for me!"
house is a mess     don't care though  pushed everything to the side of my bed and hope i don't squish anything in my sleep
can't stand not knowing
what a vicious cycle   folding putting away the clothes i washed last week in order to make room in the basket for the dirty clothes i should be washing right now  oh well!
watchin freedom writers   finally
abita- oh how i love thee!
thighs are burning  either a) work kicked my butt today or b) it's from that new dance move i made up last night with an ice cube   
hates being ignored 
pretending my legs have been amputated
ugh i'm procrastinating  anybody wanna work for me in 20 minutes?  wink 
"they say admitting is the first step  ok, here goes    i have a shopping problem  hmm, i don't feel any better  annoyed "
has anyone seen my good mood? i seemed to have misplaced it    again
bad to the bone  b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bad  bad to the bone 
fell asleep in a most precarious position  now my neck is a stiff as a board and i got a killer headache  sad 
"fleece sheets, 3 comforters, a bowl of capn' crunch, and a movie- no better way to start my saturday morning"
can't wait to get my face rocked off tonight!
had such a good time tonight! the hot cinnamon monkeys rocked my face off 
is ready for some changes 
"was out shoppin today, and friggin' <propfirst> mcknights back at one came on! oh, the memories!!"
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your comments   "
"hello cleaning, goodbye fingernails  sad "
"i totally hate shopping  it makes me do disgusting things  like, why did i buy those lamp shades i may never use? of course they were only $5, so really    i guess that's ok   "
why am i not tired? it's friggin' 3 o'clock in the mornin    
"the brave may not live forever, but the cautious never live at all"
does not enjoy creepers  especially ones that stalk 
"my weather radio keeps going off (yes, i own one thanks to my mother)    i hope this snow doesn't turn out to be a big deal-it's ruining my plans  ugh "
went to the vet today  is anyone else aware cats can have acne?
"oh man, i'm feelin sexy in my thermal underwear right now  i recommend everyone buy a pair of these!"
badfish is comin to bogart's on the 24th of feb  who's comin with? let's get a four-pack!
"if you want my body and you think i'm sexy, come on sugar, let me know  if you really need me just reach out and touch me, come on <propfemale>, tell me so  ~rod stewart~"
struggling to decide whether or not to take a nap
there must be something wrong with me- i've slept roughly 5 hours in the past 2 days and i'm still not tired! grrr
found it so kind of that man on <propfemale> city ave to be using his snow blower and dumping a pound of snow into the street and on my car as i drove by
don't miss working nights at all  i'm just sitting around waiting to go in   boring
feels like her badassness is underappredciated  wink 
t-minus 19 hours til the best birthday party ever! hope everyone can make it out  smile 
"oh man, i lost one earring and my phone    i'm more upset about the earring  sad "
was on my way to give a table drinks today and smiled at the thought of pouring hot coffee on their faces    should i seek therapy?
"drowning in laundry  sad  but at least <propmale> is gonna pump me today, so at least i have something to look forward to!"
"wow, that's what i look like when i'm singing and dancing while driving???"
"i don't practice santeria i ain't got no <propfemale> ball well, i had a million dollars but i i'd spend it all badfish tonight woop woop!!!"
taco salad  hellz yeah!
i can't stop thinking about chipotle
excited for the party tomorrow night!
this is a taco and burrito conversation  na-chos! (haha inspired by chipotle  smile  )
"i like dem price hill girlz (where dey at?) on glenway baby, fo sho that's where dey roll"
not looking forward to working all day (as in 6 a m  to 11 p m )  dun dun dun 
"why does no one want to drink with me? i can't drink by myself, wouldn't that make me an alcoholic  smile "
"idol gives me a headache  or maybe that's the cold talkin    nah, i think it's idol "
"my cat obviously doesn't understand the meaning of \seat check \"" jerk """
so glad to be in bed  now i just need to recover from this crazy work social week
can't decide what to do today
"\imma make it rain on this pool table \"""""
this chest cold can go away any day now    
what's the point of blister band-aids when all they do is rip the blister off upon removal of afformentioned band-aid?
i do believe the saying is true: blondes do have more fun!
"beer a day keeps the doctor away, right?"
i'm frustrated that the cheese slices in my lunchable won't pull apart! grrr <propfirst> mayer needs to do somethin about that 
"procrastinating, it's what i do best"
laundry  now do you see why i was procrastinating?
bout to go horseback riding for the first time! but first- chipotle and shopping  can't wait!  smile 
867-5309
is obsessed with shoes
dunna nunna nunna nunna dart girl!
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> chameleon
"evil, i've come to tell you that she's evil, most definitely"
are ya achin? (yup yup yup) for some bacon (yup yup yup) he's a big pig (yup yup) you can be a big pig too (oy!)
why do i always pick the grocery cart that has a mind of it's own??
"watchin <propmale> and <propmale>'s excellent adventure, waiting for ups to deliver my shoes!"
ba humbug
can't believe i just woke up  nyquil is the shit!
"can't figure out why i can't stop throwing up when there's no food in my body, and now i'm dry heaving  time to call my momma  sad "
"feeling better after 5 bottles of water, just wish i could get some energy back  thanks for wishing me well  smile "
thank you to my co-workers for letting me go home today  4 more hours of sleep have made me feel even better  smile 
stepped on a hairball this morning    ew it was fresh
feelin super-special they thought to drunk dial me just now  smile   they won't live this down
would kill for some breakfast right now
"2 days off     what to do, what to do  i feel like gettin in trouble  anyone care to join?"
ever wonder if the person you're thinking about thinks about you?
quit your creepin!
getting ready for <propfemale> and bubba's wedding- so excited!  smile 
"holding pictures hostage from a \certain someone\"" who has taken a movie from me  wink """
"girl, you would not believe what i been through"
never realized how much one misses when they don't get on fb for a couple of days    and irritated my pics won't load!
"thanks to everyone who assisted in getting me to bed last night, i totally owe you guys  smile "
so tired i can't even fall asleep
"oh allergies, please let me be  sad "
party in the park tonight!
darn it my power is out  no tv  no reading  no food  no internet  bleh
wisdom teeth are makin me cranky  oh joy 
"can't wait to continue my \year of firsts\"" tomorrow!!!"""
lovin' is what i got  i said remember that lovin' is what i got i got i got i got i    got
no rest for the weary  but there is beer   
missin my peeps from <propmale>'s    we need to plan a night
mom's burying someone in the backyard  don't tell anybody
i can't get no satisfaction
what you got boy is hard to find  i think about it all the time  i'm all strung out my heart is fried  i just can't get you off my mind
"if you're staying at a hotel and order room service, for goodness sake please please answer your door clothed  thank you "
what a great day to sleep in!
i need a masseuse
sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever
can a computer be super-glued back together?
picked up 2 lucky pennies and was honest about receiving too much change today     <propfemale> better be on my side
"catch a falling <propfemale> and put it in your pocket, never let it fade away "
be afraid  be very afraid 
i think my computer is fried  fantabulous 
"enjoying my \me time\""  smile """
congrats to <propfemale> and <propmale>! can't wait for the wedding tonight  smile 
boop boop be doop
super stoked for this weekend!
bat in my house  help?!?
"free at last, free at last  thank god almighty i'm free at last  maybe in the morning i'll find the humor in being ambushed by a bat    or maybe not"
such a good feeling right now
west <propfemale>! p s  mcdonald's coffee tastes awful!
"you've gotta be kidding me, i just paid $6 80 for one toll fee"
how many flat tires can i get in one day?
computer is drivin me nuts! check out my hometown pics    times 2 thanks to faulty technology
"grande white mocha, i love you"
could use a massage
i love that my computer keeps overheating  can't wait to get a new one!
back to bein sick  it's how i roll 
cleaning is overrated
my co-workers seem to think i'm a freak a nature  i won't argue that   
"found out i gotta pack lightly for vacation     crap, guess i'll start planning now"
this boy working at chipotle is wearing a dog collar  think it's safe to order food here?
tired of being translucent
"charade at <propfemale> park, so much fun!"
cell phone is dead  what a surprise 
can't sleep    yay for work at 5 smile 0  (hear the sarcasm???)
"darn it, i bought this stupid pocket calander for a reason and it's not quite doing it's job!     <propfemale>'s bachelorette party tonight til 3 am, work at 7  thinkin it might be my bedtime if i'm to pull an all-nighter  sad "
"where did this rain come from? sadly, the toilet paper did not survive  sad "
i'm tired of being 'the nice girl'
"shoo fly, don't bother me"
"chipotle, you <propfemale>ke my tummy sing! thanks <propfemale>  wink "
peace out cincinnati!
putt putt tonight! lovin' my vacay  smile 
are we there yet?
i have roughly 200 pics to upload from vacation but my darn computer is about to catch on fire! technology sucks  i'm gonna move to <propfemale> and kickin it with some amish folk 
''<propmale> petty changed my life!''  smile 
"<propfemale> is gonna get you, thief"
why do the green icepops always make me cough?
my 12-hour 'cat nap' has left me wide awake at 6 in the morning  what to do?
i feel it is my duty to let everyone know that fat-free cheese is a waste of your time and money
i can't decide what to do with my hair *sigh*
i can't believe i enjoy playing bubble bobble as much as i did 15 years ago    
why am i obsessed with mexican food?
"i'm feelin so country today, what's up with that?"
darn those mashed potatoes at work today! they're totally to blame for my sleepyness
''why oh why do i look to the other side cuz i know the grass is greener but just as hard to grow  life's not about what's better than ''
why clean a house when there's beer to drink?
how many more days till fall? ugh i'm sick of this heat!
hair dryer bit the dust     rip
using a past due notice as a bookmark makes me feel edgy
since when do you not get to pick a treasure from the treasure chest in the dentist office? that's a load of crap 
"oh man, my poor lil nose is red and i have gladiator-farmer's tan  thanks, jessyca bruss for makin me not only endure \her\"" but also the blazing sun today!"""
"darn it, i have library fines"
love waking up to a drool puddle on my pillow
got a shower coming into work this morning  refreshing 
"learned some interesting things in price hill today annoyed 1  i look like someone's eight-year old sister (at least i still look young)\2  letting your children run around barefoot in a grocery store is acceptable\3  when it's raining outside just tie a washcloth on your head (<propfemale> strap and all)\4  zebra-striped bags are also fashionable on men"
i wish i could quit running into things
"i'm hot, sticky sweet  from my head to my feet"
"was out shopping today and heard a little boy say, \oooo i like this shirt!\""\",4d64070c8365210adcb187e76984bf69,the children's museum and panara- best lunch date ever! too bad it's with my sister and niece   
eeee i'm so excited to see the black keys tomorrow!
beer + friends family + black keys and kings of <propfirst> = heaven!
it's great people watching here at the fireworks!
2 1 2 hours and $300 later- happy labor day to me 
"man, i gotta kick this mexican food addiction pronto!"
river kicked our butts today  wait til you see my bruises!
ice cream man at 9:20 on a saturday night in price hill  seems shady- i wonder if he's selling more than ice cream
did i seriously just hear a preview for the news about a mother teaching her toddler to smoke pot? is it april fool's day or somethin?
"oh mr  sun, sun, mr  <propfemale> sun, please shine down on me"
"what's that song mom always sings? \these are the people in my neigh-bor-hood\"""""
passerby at ocktoberfest: ''i just saw a hooker that smelled like your grandma''
bummed i fell asleep but so happy to wake up to the bengals win over the ravens  smile 
just saw a bumper sticker that says 'do it sober ' any idea what that means?
"life seems so unfair sometimes  <propfirst>, you are greatly missed  sad "
got pulled over tonight cuz apparently my tags are stolen  gosh i'm such a rebel lately!
"aw man, i just saw the most disgusting butt crack ever  wish i had a <propmale> to look away!"
"dear nosferatu: i don't like the headache you gave me today  please be nice in the future  love, <propfemale>"
can't drink all day if you don't start early
"pumpkin spice latte, oh how i love thee"
camping with my sweeties! happy sweetest day everyone  smile 
best cure for a hangover? beer 
two <propfemale> packs in one day? this is ridiculous 
"thanks everyone for my birthday wishes, and thanks to those who celebrated with me held me up  smile "
''you can wish in one hand and crap in the other  see which gets filled first ''        -grumpier old men
i feel so out of the loop without continuous internet access     
just the thought of shopping gets me all giggly inside
i seriously need some internet in my life  why is technology never cooperative???
<propmale> is not the look i'm goin for  go away stupid sinus infection  sad 
"my goodness, i think i've forgotten how to use facebook!"
anyone wanna go see yonder mountain string band february 18th? it'll be fun    !
i'm worried about my uncle's heart right now  these steelers may be doing more damage than vacation!
jenniferocious is never afraid to share her opinion!
debating whether or not i'm going to survive <propfemale>'s birthday week
can never find enough excuses to shop    goodbye income tax refund
chicago is calling my name
on the megabus and <propfemale> is knitting  priceless  smile 
"69 bottles of beer on the wall, 69 bottles of beer  take one down and pass it around, 68 bottles of beer on the wall   "
"ate indian food for the first time tonight, and actually loved my dish!"
"so many things to do, and i'm not gonna do any of them"
i'd really enjoy a pedicure just about now
there's something truly special about handlebar mustaches
