1732b8168103029d9f27ec290b5f3e39
deciding what sounds good enough to get up and make lol
i love iced coffees!!  love 
gonna watch <propmale> helsing  lol betta be good 
eh thinking pizza hut is sounding amazing!!
just trying to relax  
thinking i might have to go see legion tonight   
"looking back at all the memories, i realize that forgetting the bad helps you remember so much more of the good!!  smile )"
good thing i've got someone to keep me up for that damn test in the a m  lol
eatin steak and watching the super bowl  lol
so hungry and not sure what for  hmm
dreading doing my english assignment tonight  bleh 
"watching that seventies show, drinking a dr pecker, and loving my super warm blanket!! mmhhmm  love "
hmm   thinking caffine sounds really good right about now   love 
lol people are crazy thinking for some reason they have brain powers
is really hyper today!!  playful 
only one more stupid paper to write  then it's all over!!  smile )
no more english papers and a three day weekend  what a combo!!  love 
i think it's going to be a good day!!  love 
loving the three day weekend!  love 
 smile  put a smile on your face!
hmm   
i highly suggest going to see shutter island   smile 
getting ready to play some <propfirst> on the wii!!
i can't decide whether the moments that make me hate high school out weigh the ones that make me wish it would never end   
i can't wait till these last eight weeks are over with   graduation  love 
"the reasons why small towns extremely suck: 1  there is never anything to do  2  when you find something to do, its way more entertaining than it should be  3  we watch way to many movies  4  you have way to much time to think  5  you spend more gas getting fast food than you actually do on the food  and the list could go on forever   "
i do not want to get up extra early on friday of all days   blehhh  but the fact that i can sleep in saturday makes it oh so worth it  love 
life     
is lovingg the sunshine! woot time for shorts   love 
i absolutely hate nebraska weather 
hm   i love the rain!  love 
dontcha just love breaks??  love 
one and a half days of school this week!!!  love 
its been a rather interesting day  smile  but i'm ready for some dominos!!!
sitting in paco  
that was a pretty damn good movie i must say lol
it does not seem anywhere close to graduation already     love 
don't ya love how no matter what you're feeling the one thing you can always count on understanding exactly what's on your mind is music?  love 
i'll miss ya so much    love 
i can't help but to sit here and cry because we never fullfilled the last thing you asked of me      
and shit its breaking me heart    love 
a*
?
sunday is definitely the fun day   love 
 love 
well i gotta new phone   but my sim card fried! gay lol no phone till tomorrow morning
lovin the nice day!!!   love 
loves chatting with the underclassmen!! lol
road trippin with my two favorite allies   and <propfirst> 
i love getting dumb songs stuck in people's heads   love 
super anxious for our cabela's road trip
so  i guess i'm getting lessons on how to drive a semi  this could be interesting lol
i must say   if <propfirst> tells you to do the foot of death   do not listen!!  smile ) good times
the one day i have to work this week is the hottest day of them all!! why?
some off the things my friends do  lol  smile  great times
lovin the simpons!
watching <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> play <propmale> of the table in the lake while the table is floating was priceless! lol lexi   love 
who knew  love 
family guy is the sweeeettest lol  love 
what a trip   so glad to see mom and the baby!!! thanks for coming babe!! love you all   smile ))
going site seeing tomorrow  gonna take lottsss of pics!!  smile 
loved branson! definietly a cool place to visit and tour around! missin everyone   love 
i love my girls   love 
hey everybody!! thanks for all the birthday wishes!  love 
hey thanks again to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!
finally getting over my cough  smile 
its time to step out of this playpen of a town and learn how to walk by myself all over again  smile 
longgg week ahead!!!  smile 
 smile 
just the way you are  love 
<propmale> and his <propfirst> bieber music 
missin everyone    sad 
i couldn't have asked for a better class  smile 
cause when it feels like a kick in the teeth i can take it
take a cheetos break with cheetos  love 
"& i look to the sky and know that wherever you are, were <propfemale>ing at the same <propfemale> "
put a smile on ur face!  smile 
happy birthday <propfemale> i love you and miss you  ill be out to see you later  smile 
