a342998a6b740a278268a9fe5420804b
happy new year ! ! !
"missin my baby, wish he didn't have to work tonight  sad "
"getting the kids off to school, then back to bed for a couple of hours =p"
"getting ready to pick the kids up, maybe go to the park =p"
shopping       
it's christmas       not x-mas!!! don't remove christ from his birthday!!! post this if you agree       please don't x out the lord!!!!! (i want to see this on everyone's wall!!!) jesus is the reason for the season    
"at the request of a facebook friend: we are \asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",a342998a6b740a278268a9fe5420804b,"2 yrs not speaking 2 ur kids and then just waltz back n2 their life! 4get it, not this time! so wat if u were n prison, u had the address  4get how 2 write ? u have done nothing 4 them,ever! u never wanted 2 c them unless it was convenient 4 u, never any birthday or christmas gifts! never any child support! now that they're 6 and 8, and don't want anything 2 do with u, u want me 2 make them c u! hell no !!!"
"if you have a wonderful man who helps balance your whole world     who isn't perfect but is perfect for you     who works hard and would do anything for you     that makes you laugh and drives you crazy     who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, then post this as your status     i love you baby =p"
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children "
"snowing =p     got an inch already, and it's coming down hard !"
"still snowing, 3 inches now  smile "
"deck the halls with poison <propfemale>  fa la la la la la la la la  tis the season to be naughty  fa la la la la la la la la!!!has stolen <propfemale>'s naughty list  you'll never believe who's on it  dear <propfemale> - unless you have dna evidence, it never happened ~ lets work something out <propfemale>, i know i have been a bad girl all year but you have to admit it you enjoyed watching it"
this makes me so mad !!! homeless go without eating  elderly go without medicine  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without equipment  veterans go without benefits  yet we donate billions of dollars to other countries without helping our own first ! 1% will re-post & 99% of people on fb won't have the spine or guts to  i know i am that 1% !!! are you ???
"wants to live in a world where money grows on trees, the house cleans itself, weather is always perfect and eating ice cream will make you lose weight "
"ok     i give in, i'll play your game     if anyone out there really wants to know what i think about them send a random # to my inbox and i will post what i think of you in my status using only the # you send to identify you, just keep in mind i am brutally honest!"
"# 21 the first time we met i admit i was nervous, lol     i was worried about what you would think of me, i know how important you are in his life, and your opinion is very important to him     you are a wonderful person and a great mother     i'm lucky to have you in my life, you're like the sister i never had     you're very outspoken, and i love that about you, never know what you're gonna say next, lol"
"#29 i don't know you that well, but i hope that changes soon  you probably have a lot of good advice i could use, lol     you seem to have it all together, you've been happily married a long time, and you have beautiful children     i hope my marriage lasts a lifetime, as i'm sure yours will     maybe you could give me some pointers ?"
if anyone out there really wants to know what i think about them send a random # to my inbox and i will post what i think of you in my status using only the # you send to identify you =p
if anyone out there really wants to know what i think about them send a random # to my inbox and i will post what i think of you in my status using only the # you send to identify you =p
"#52     my, it's been a long time, lol     one of the few people i could actually get along with back then, guess cause we were so much alike     crazy, wild, didn't care what people said or thought, i loved that about you"
"#13    i love you, lol     you're like my twin in a different body, so different and yet soooooo much alike ! we have to start hanging out again !"
"#32 i didn't get to <propfemale> out with you much back in the day, but when we did nobody could hold us down, lol     wild, crazy, and loved every minute of it"
"#225 _ miss u like crazy, gonna have 2 get 2gether soon     you are a great person, a wonderful mother     wish u coulda been my sis n law, but lord knows my brother ain't easy 2 b with, lol     that's alright tho, i will always have ur back ! luv u bunches !"
"*new fb game\ you inbox me your bank account # or credit card # and i'll update my status with which <propmale> i paid with it  smile """
i don't need an angel on my tree---i have five in heaven looking down on me
"do i work ? yes ! i work 24 hrs a day  why ? because i'm a mommy  i am a cook, cleaner, parent, teacher, referee, nanny, nurse, handyman, maid, security officer and a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick-pay, or a day off  i work through the day and the night  i am on call at all hours  now tell me my job isn't a real one     its the best one ! re-post if you are blessed enough to be a mommy !"
"(¯`v´¯)\`* ¸ *´ please pass this heart around in memory of all our loved ones at christmas time, for those that have sadly passed away, they may be gone but never ever forgotten       "
"next saturday is christmas where we all seem to get distracted by lights and presents and food  let's try to remember that christmas is not about all that stuff but about what wonderful gift god sent down to us, a baby boy named jesus who died for us all "
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does  <propfemale> family & friendship thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all
\merry? ? • ? ? ? ? ? •\,a342998a6b740a278268a9fe5420804b,in my family we're proud of our crazy people  we don't hide 'em up in the attic  we bring 'em right down to the living room and show 'em off  =p
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him! copy and re-post if you can  any takers?"
nite nite
"gonna curl up n my snuggie & watch a movie     nite nite fb, c y'all n the am"
"off to the store, be back later =p"
"i'm a bitch !!!     unfortunately most women won't repost this     i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is     i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best     if you're a bitch, repost !     i dare you !    "
"sooooo hungry, gonna go to taco <propfemale>, b back l8r =p"
"my husband has made me laugh  wiped my tears  hugged me tight  saved my life  watched me succeed  seen me fail  cheered me on  kept me going strong  put up with my mood swings  he has said everything will be ok when things get tough  keeps me sane  my husband is a promise from god that i will have a best friend forever    put this as your status if you love your husband   smile \i love you <propfirst> !"
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy will be without money  so, i'm not taking any chances               "
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, prissy girls come from california  but we north <propfemale> girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can ride four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, pack heat, fish with the boys, bake a cake, love with passion, and if we have an opinion    you know you're going to hear it  repost if you are proud to be a north <propfemale> girl "
"dear lord, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord you know i am not perfect and i fall short everyday of my life, but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  thank you for my children, family, friends, roof over my head, food on my table, and everything i have  repost if god has blessed you in any way    "
"<propmale> comer has battled cancer for almost 7 yrs  the doctors are giving him only days to live  <propmale> is 41, married & has 2 children, <propmale> 11 & <propfemale> 7  <propmale> has asked his mom for a special request, for everyone to pray for a miracle for his daddy  he wants a prayer chain across the world  please pray for <propmale> and help start this prayer chain across the world for <propmale>  copy & re-post to keep prayer chain going !"
kids with special needs arent sick or gross  they only want what everyone else wants-to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it as their status for at least an hour? it is special education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
"cousins are the closest confidantes, the best friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins     even if you don't talk much lately re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !"
hubby just got home from work  smile )) bout to take a shower and cuddle     goodnight
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can   "
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11           now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal      111 "
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a b*tch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if it has been months (or even years) apart  they love you   for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend they will know who they are         "
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met  those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all lost angels "
"kids gone for the weekend, spending the day with my baby  smile "
"i am a handful ! i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post!"
"promise to my children : i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, and hunt you down like a bloodhound     because i love you ! when you understand that, i will know you are a responsible adult  you will never find someone who loves you, cares about you, and worries about you more than your mom !"
"85     you have completely turned my world around, up until the moment i started talking to you i had no direction in life, you changed all that with two words     i want to thank you for that =p"
"the best business, in the line of business, is to mind the business of your own  if you have no business, then make it your business, to leave other people's alone "
"if your dad was a hard working man and was your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad     i love you daddy !"
"be very careful when you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a mans rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal ! under the arm to be protected, and next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree   "
"bye bye fb, going away for the weekend, see y'all sunday night =p"
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for a ponytail, long showers for quick ones, late nights for early mornings, and designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing     let's see how many moms post this who don't care what they gave up and instead, love what they got in return     post this if you love being a mom !!!"
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't repost this  why ? because they need a foot up their ass too  thank you for your help !"
"gonna go cuddle with my hubby     night night fb, see y'all in the am =p"
"the best business, in the line of business, is to mind the business of your own  if you have no business, then make it your business, to leave other people's alone "
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support  i copied and pasted, will you ?"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\  ? if you have amazing children,put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
is asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it ? just for one hour  do it in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it !
"post this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a duke fan  being a duke fan is a real serious disorder and should be taken seriously  there is no known cure for dfd and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness  100% of <propfemale> fans will re-post this, simply because we know how to copy and paste  go tar heels !"
"night night fb, hubby just got home     off to cuddle and watch a movie  smile "
"please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from rectal cranial inversion  this disease (otherwise known as head up your own rear syndrome) affects the lives of many  there is no known cure for rectal cranial inversion, but by posting this on our status, we can raise awareness  this cause is close to my heart as, sadly, i meet many people afflicted with it on a day to day basis"
"if your dad is was a hard working man and is your hero, helped you no matter what and just is the best dad ever   paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad "
"i'm asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has or has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it, and entirely too many who have lost that fight     i miss you grandpa <propfirst>  sad "
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him !! copy and re-post if you can  any takers?"
"i'm proud to be from the south where tea is sweet, accents are sweeter; summer starts in april; front porches are wide and words are long; macaroni and cheese is a vegetable; pecan pie is a staple; y’all is the only proper pronoun; chicken is fried and biscuits come w gravy; everything is darling and someone is always getting their heart blessed  have a good day y'all~ repost if you're southern to the bone   "
"hello lord, it's me again  we are getting older and things are getting bad here  gas prices are too high, no jobs, food and heating costs are too high  i know some have taken you out of our schools, government and even christmas, but lord i'm asking you to come back and re-bless <propfemale>  we really need you ! thank you lord, i love you ! (re-post if you agree) i did ! ?"
"believes in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says (<propfirst> 10 smile 3 niv): if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this"
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and the days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part, god has you in his arms     i have you in my heart  repost if you love someone in heaven"
"so the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals     i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we will see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment !!! repost if you feel the same  god bless our soldiers, past and present !!!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while you humiliate, offend, & insult her, there's a man flirting with her & reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence & mental abuse"
"breaking news     the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on, and crashed into we all have problems, before coming to a complete stop at get the hell over it  any complaints about how we operate, can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with dr  sniffle reporting live from quitchur bitchin'  if you like this, repost it  if you don't     suck it up ! life doesn't revolve around you !"
how did we meet ??? copy this into your status & see who remembers !!!
<propfemale> banana !!!  smile 
i smelled my brother sliding down a hill because big bird said to and he's my leader !
"you don't look sick?! no, i don't  it is so hard to e playful lain to someone when they have no clue  it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside  please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness! (anxiety, lupus, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue, pcos, endometriosis, diabetes, crohns, arthritis, epilepsy, ms, depression, hiv aids "
"mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support our troops !"
"greatest man in history    jesus had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe in your heart this is true  smile "
"i have tattoos, so i must be trouble  i have big boobs so that means i'm a bimbo  if i wear make up, i'm a <propfemale>  if i get tips put on my nails i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i speak my mind, i'm mouthy  when i stand up for myself, i'm a bully  you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled  re-post this if you`re proud of who you are i'm just me"
