ecbddbfe00e0f83cfdb802a7186061c7
got home today  up north was great!!!
"happy new year, facebook denizens!!!"
just going to grab some raw fish                
"is stuck on band-aid brand, cuz band-aid's stuck on me!"
need to re-learn my patterns again    awesome   
free slurpee day!!!
"saw hp6    funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken  not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n"
2 months of hell yet again    fml
has a choice   
is not feeling exactly top-notch   
will have too many notifications at the next log in   
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting   
has got to stop waking up at 1pm   
first day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me   
got to play with fire in front of a crowd    yay!!!
is in love with ren fest   
loves the pirate english version of facebook!!!
3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 hours left!!!!!!!!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
mlig!!!
what a great day!!!
omg!!! the sun is toooo loud!!!!!!!!
saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire life!!!
"???? ? ?????? ?????????, ??? ?????????? ????????? ????????????   "
"would love to sleep, but <propfirst> brown writes too damn well!!!"
ren fest with rain - still good!!!
*whistles a happy tune* life is good   
finance class  sad 
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter  feel free to txt to keep me entertained awake   
gets to sleep tonight!!!!!!!!!
"as much as i like our family's mechanic, i really wish we'd stop giving him so much business     sad "
is dying!!! heeeeelppppp!!!!!
feeling slightly better   
wow!!! i just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip    http annoyed  xkcd com 657 
i've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing bejeweled blitz to cause it to go offline  mlia
"finally caught up on sleep  laugh  now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late   "
"lmao: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to \man up\"" when it cried"""
?????? ?????? - ????????? ?***??!!! lmao
 smile )))))))
stupid people are stupid and <propfemale> hills police is at it's best as usual    ( <propfirst> <propmale> needs to call me!!!)
"attention everyone!!! vote for the short \after hours\"" to support <propfirst> kasprzak - our local michigan talent and a wonderful person  repost please!!! http annoyed  www thirteen org sites reel13 category vote """
"the other day, my friends and i went to wal-mart to mess around  i told one of my friends it was impossible to run into an automatic door  she charges at the door, hits it, and the entire thing came off the track  everybody was staring, wondering if she was ok  we then got out of there as fast as we could  later that day, i was talking to my mom  she asked me if i had seen what happened to the door at wal-mart  mlia"
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow  smile 
"yesterday after school, i got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot  i didn't have any ammo, so i just used peanuts and shot them at trees  i decided to shoot at one really far away  out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away  ninja squirrel, you amaze me  mlia "
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night   
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that   
beat bandhero in one day on e playful ert - must get life   
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut  smile 
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men ever!!!  joyful 
wishes it was december 17th sooner  sad 
epic:  today while walking on campus i saw three people riding a motorized couch   random?  mlia 
snow!!!
can't handle reading any more crap about barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! this is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand   
4 school days left until winter break!!! yay!!!
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight  smile 
"just 5 days left     just 5 days - keep repeating it    i'll be fine, i'll survive   "
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today   
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat   
listening to some very odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it   
"gonna be at the library til late, then at the prez's house even later  txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed   "
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night   
"<propfemale> christmas, facebook world!"
can't wait til thursday     love 
can't wait til thursday again     love 
being fancy is fun   
not being able to fall asleep sucks   
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive  smile 
"just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd <propfirst> test went well, everyone passed with flying colors  <propfirst>'s day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - <propfemale> krayushkina  what more could i ask for?"
"just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd <propfirst> test went well, everyone passed with flying colors  <propfirst>'s day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - <propfemale> krayushkina  what more could i ask for? p s  thank you to everyone who could make it out to novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me "
<propfemale> matthews's status is bogus   
apparently the snow doesn't want me to take my accounting exam    again   
be401 exam in exactly 2 hours and 20 minutes    help!!!
had an amazing night with his awesome gf in japan  lol  the driving was rather wooly though   
"the computer geek inside me just had an aneurism because the cleaning lady at our college is currently cleaning the computer lab by walking from monitor to monitor with a washcloth and a bucket of water and using the soaked rag to wipe monitors, keyboards and mouses (no, it's not mice)  somebody save the computers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"had a great time in chicago this weekend, and a lot of fun on sunday night  just wish <propfemale> krayushkina could have been there to join in the festivities "
can't believe this week is over so fast  i can't wait to see her tomorrow  love 
"if i survive this week, i will need some sort of reward   "
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! why does acc356 make me want to screeeaaaaaammmm?!?!?!??!?!?!!?!?!? seriously - as soon as i graduate, i'm having an intermediate accounting book bonfire  let me know if you want to join   "
wants to be done with school already!!!
"comment on this if i'm not the only one who caught the kill <propmale> reference in lady gaga's \telephone\"" music video   """
why does life have to be so complicated      ?
just watched pandorum    afraid to sleep   
so my cat has trouble breathing because she's so stressed out by the thunderstorm     sad 
"? ??????? ? ????? ????????, ? ?????? ?? ???????, ? ??????? ? ????? ?? ????, ? ????? ? ??????   "
"this is it! i'm calling the animal welfare society to get the stray cats from my apartment complex!!! i'm tired of listening to them do their \spring stuff\"" every night while trying to study   """
"attention all fans of questionable comedy!!! <propfirst> lynch is performing at the michigan theater in <propfemale> arbor on friday, april 16th at 7 smile 0pm!!! tickets are $20 for a limited time with a buy 3, get 1 free (if you're not friends with math, that's $15 per ticket)  i am going to try and get in on this deal  let me know asap if you want in!!!"
"has the most amazing girlfriend ever!!! i love you, <propfemale> krayushkina!  love   love   love "
can't wait to go to college and deal with adults tomorrow   
work work work work work work   
"seriously fml    thankfully i have my amazing girlfriend, <propfemale> krayushkina, to get me through the day  love   love   love "
"2 down, 2 to go!!!"
"only a few days left to donate for relay for life!!! use the link on my <propfemale> to donate to the \phight for a cure\"" team of u of m - dearborn """
yay!!! passed all classes this semester!!!
hate thunderstorms - preschoolers who havent had recess are a pain to control   
hates rain    especially when i need to be productive   
"isagenix lifestyle starts sunday!!! wish me luck, everyone!"
out for a run    hopefully the heat won't fry my brains   
"attention all school of wizardry players!!!\i am quitting sow this weekend  please remove me from your friend list if you know me only through this game \\p s \if you play family feud, you may leave me in your friend list - i do play that still   "
"attention all school of\ wizardry players!!!i am quitting sow this weekend  please remove me\ from your friend list if you know me only through this game \\p s if\ you play family feud, you may leave me in your friend list - i do play \that still   "
"attention all school of\ wizardry players!!!i am quitting sow this weekend  please remove me\ from your friend list if you know me only through this game p s if\ you play family feud, you may leave me in your friend list - i do play \that still   "
all the fundraiser events with silvio simac this week were a lot of fun and very successful!!! there's one last event today at 4pm at the novi ckd academy  please join us for a boot camp training session  no e playful erience necessary!!!
martini night!!! i haven't made mixed drinks in ages!!! sooo excited!!! too bad <propfemale> krayushkina can't be there with me  sad 
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes!!!
phi <propfirst> theta - umd along with soac is hosting a college of business bbq in the fairlane building courtyard today from 1pm til 3pm  come join us for some free food and meet some of our members!!!
"wow!!! what a great night! thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate with us!!! as for those of you that didn't make it, you missed an amazing day "
"procrastination once again turned around and bit me in the @$$  i now have to stay up most of the night to study cram for my exam  at least my weekend with <propfemale> krayushkina  was as amazing as always  i love you, <propfemale>!"
at work  have to write a paper tonight  fml 
damn you <propfirst> swift  you and your catchy pop-country-rock songs  never listening to radio again   
"so whoever puts together the schedule of classes at u of m - dearborn needs to seek mental help  not even joking - looked through every single department's class listings and any class that looked remotely interesting to me doesn't fit my schedule  and to top it off, the one class i was excited about fitting my schedule is now unavailable    fml "
is nervous about his meeting today   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"going to the gym, then picking up my car, then xmas dinner with family, then hopefully some sleep "
just tried to dislocate his knee  not a very fun activity as it turns out   
is disappointed that there are so many people that cannot accept a great opportunity and gift at its face value and find the need to turn that gift around and hurt the ones who gave it to them 
can't wait for today to be over   
this is such a pain in the @$$   
"is having wine with imported french brie cheese  now, that's a monday i can live with   \the only way it could improve is if <propfemale> krayushkina was here  love "
first official day of being able to drive with both windows down and not freeze anything off!!! suck it michigan weather!!!
trip: <propfemale> arbor to <propfemale> hills; distance: 40 <propmale>; regular travel time: 45 minutes; travel time during holy $#!t michigan weather: 90 minutes; e playful erience of driving in adverse weather: priceless  my response: fml 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand done with this hellish paper!
feel like we're about to get a <propmale> flood
go blue! take that spartans!
i hope <propfemale> krayushkina feels better tomorrow and i can't wait for thursday! it'll be sooo much fun!
