8ecba98b68fd5a2124aaeeed13dc2c6b
"got smashed in the face by a <propfemale>  yes, <propfemale>'s tend to <propfemale> forward and pummel one's face when above said idiot and when they're made 93% of pure evil!!!!!!!"
we'll miss ya coach <propfirst> brown
what did the 0 say to the 8?              nice belt
"you're last name should be campbells, cus your mmmm    good"
a man without a woman is like a neck without pain
"tis be falling rainlets outside, still "
just finished a pint of ice cream in roughly 10 mins  i want more!!!
i am fireman
sucks and monopoly and lost at life  couldn't get any better
"is pondering why the word \abbreviation\"" is such a long word"""
is infatuated with cocoa pebbles
still laughs at the <propmale> cook jokes
kayne is at the top of my hit list 
finally done with comp sci stuff  now if only i felt like doing astrology
soodoomaaahhhheeeeeey! (sodomy)
blah blah blah your needs 
playing scrabble  learning words that i never knew were real
beat some peeps in scrabble  yeah we're cool
loves sleeping in
e playful resses much gratitude towards those who wished him happiness on his day of birth
"playing apples to apples, then doing many shenanigan-like things til i feel lazy"
i fucking love <propfirst> colbert
        supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!
having the utmost random conversations with <propfemale> schmieder makes my days
i totally just used the force 5 mins ago 
i grr in the general proclivity of homework and its voracious lust for constant affection 
"remember, remember the fifth of november of gunpowder, treason and plot  i know of no reason why gunpowder and treason should ever be forgot   "
"is glad for university police, at least aat this moment "
vanilla milkshakes           nom slurp nom
"\today we lost power at my school  everyone was silent in the darkness until my friend laughed maniacally and shouted \""at last the tables have turned!\"" he is blind  mlia\"""""
is infatuated with <propfirst>'s house of pure awesomeness and whatnot
"believes if a class says its a prereq for another class, then there shouldn't be any problems "
haikus are easy  but sometimes they don't make sense  refrigerator 
<propfirst> and steph found a ninja hiding spot in the dorm area  ability to survive the future zombie apocolypse - check!
"done with comp  thank you, baby jesus!!!!!"
and done with astronomy  3 finals to go 
"riddle for your thoughts: i am the center of gravity, hold a capital situation in vienna, and as i am foremost in every victory, am allowed by all to be invaluable  though i am invisible, i am clearly seen in the midst of a river  i could name three who are in love with me and have three associates in vice  it is vain that you seek me for i have long been in heaven yet even now lie embalmed in the grave  what am i?"
see if you can translate the following? y y u r y y u b i c u r y y 4 m e don't look it up  try to figure it out 
see if you can translate the following? y y u r y y u b i c u r y y 4 m e try to figure it out without looking up the answer
wishes either his last exam would burst into ashes or that the professor would just give me an a  preferably the first one  would be interesting to see a test just sponatneously combust 
realizes he could never be a mr  mom and is currently wondering how brains can function before 8 surprise 0 am 
"conducted a band of little <propfemale> tingers (i have no idea what they are called, but they are easily annoying) to random christmas songs for 30 - 45 straight minutes "
"if you're easily amused, jellotime com is for you  just spent like 20 mins enjoying it "
loves to sneak sneak sneak
"thunderbolt and lightning, very, very fright'ning me     "
the lost symbol - <propfirst> brown was a decent book  anyone agree or disagree?
renaissance fair = freakin amazing  can't wait to go back next year
apparently i look like <propfirst> heder  any comments?
"go to urbandictionary com type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and put the first and best entry in your comments underneath "
shipoopi shipoopi      
huzzah!
yawn
"\i find your lack of faith disturbing \"""""
"\a hundred bad guys with swords\"""""
"be wary, for today is  velociraptor awareness day"
thanks for all of the birthday wishes!
"remember, remember the fifth of november, \of gunpowder treason and plot \i know of no reason,\why the gunpowder treason,\should ever be forgot "
is extremely happy that he recieved a totally awesome shirt for flatmate christmas
<propmale> collins is a master of music! lol
