5f58cfbb230f71406d26ded2277176d0
(revise) got a new job! i'm now a bartender at the redheaded step-child bar otherwise known as hornbacks   smile 
6 hrs of sleep then work do not work well together    come on 9 o'clock
has aching feet and calfs    sad 
had a great night at work!!
 smile  wgat a great day!!!!
about to make a big change
headed to <propfirst>!!
college station is layed out so much better than <propfirst> 
drinking the night way     laugh 
workin out!!
i tried a new machine at the gym now my ass is killing me     sad 
can't sleep      sad 
is out on the town and about to head to halo for a drag show!!!
"omg i had such an awesome time last    i'm\still kind feelin it  smile "
is about to let the bitch out
"sometimes remembering the past hurts   there are very few things i would change in my past, but losing important people to me hurts, even after all these years   "
<propmale> potter marathon anyone??
ugh why does it have to be so bright  sad  that well teach me to get up this early
sleep is for the weak   
i dreamed about u last night   it made me miss u  but you were still the same conceited asshole you've turned into 
sun + 7 hrs at schlitterbahn = lobster people
i've got to go to work but i feel like i'm dying  sad  stupid sun    
first i was a lobster now i'm a snake  sad  stupid sun
one fight down    
"bout to head to halo around 9, drag show tonight, hit me up if u wanna join!!!"
i'm up $500 at the casino!!
"i came with nothin but clothes, was given $400 to play with, total amount i'm walkin away with is $894 and a shit-ton of change  favorite moment: trying not to drown in the jacuzzi tub that came up to my shoulders while i sat in it   laugh "
what <propmale> of night is it? black-out drunk so u don't remember the day
"just gonna stand there watch me burn\but that’s alright because i like the way it hurts!!!!"
go aggies!!
i love me some guys in jeans and cowboy boots!!
just got done w  yoga! i haven't sweated so much indoors in forever
fuego!!
college town + baby shower = baby bottle beer chugging
come get some some free cupcakes at hornback's and watch the game!!!
i hate getting lost  turn at the 3rd light w  the red house is bull$hit!!!
6 days till i'm 22!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!  laugh 
i think i'm dying   fml
i know i'm in-love cause i miss and want what i already have  this goes out to you baby!!
i got in!!! whoop!!!
mmmm    i love cold weather!!
we're moving tomorrow!!!
the dust bunnies are trying to kill me!!
doin the round-about on a&m   annoyed 
go aggies!
just three classes worth of books: $780!! i still have one more class!! can i borrow a twenty from everyone     sad 
