3d184e4dd57457975a8a654572cd710c
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior    we need to get god back in <propfemale>    if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status "
hopefully all goes well this wk n cant wait till fri!
just chillin cant do much else   or go anywhere lol
with all this snow y dont we have the winter olympics down here   perfect weather!!!
go <propfirst> jr!
why does our family drive us so crazy? i still love ya tho
yay tomorrows friday!
just another day    
yay its spring tomorrow!
yay my mans coming home tomorrow
go away snow its springtime!
loving this weather!!
happy easter!
another wk
"please repost and pray  there has been a <propmale> mining accident at performance coal at birchton in <propmale> county, west <propfemale>  30 <propmale> south of charleston  this is a massey underground mine  they say at least 30 miners are involved in a <propmale> roof collaspe  6 confirm dead  please pray for the miners and their families"
itll be friday already   fast wk
yay its the wkend!
rain rain go away! sunshine come back today lol
i love that my mans been coming home from work everynight (hes a truckdriver so   )
we have children going to bed without eating  people who are homeless   elderly going without needed medicines      mentally ill without treatment      troops without proper equipment    yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first    99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this!!!!!!! will you??? i know i have the guts !!
cant wait till fri comes around
yea the wkend
another wk   this month is flying by
having a good  but busy wk
yay the wkend!!
it stinks the weekends almost up n its raining  sad 
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile """
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy & paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and th   is is in honor of all the kids who need extra help & understanding "
my grandpa passed rip papa love u
a new wk n wow may already! wheres this yr going?
long wk already     
yay the wkend!! what a long wk!
come on wkend get here!
what a wonderful day    ahhh
i wish the wkend would last longer    
rain rain go away!
yay its <propfemale> out
rain rain go away
got a lot to do but just dont feel like doing it   no energy!
what a day! one of those mondays
a rough wk so far but oh well  shit n get off the pot cant sit around n suck my thumb lol
nice <propfemale> day!!
everyones complaining how hot it was today but remember at least it wasnt snowing nor -20 id rather be out n bout than freezing!
wow itll be friday already! this wk went where?
wow june already! what happened to may?
wow itll be fri already! these wks r going way too fast this summer is going to fly past us! like last yrs summer  crying 
a busy wkend
a new wk starting   hope to get a lot done
yay the wkend!!
yay tomorrows fri
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer"
thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday it was great!
"every\ person has 1,000 wishes, a cancer patient has only one: to survive  i \know 97% of people won't post this as their status, but be 3% and make \this your status for at least one hour in honor of all those who have \died from cancer, survived it, or are still fighting"
"a\ true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you \weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is \filled with crazy people! they love you for who you are  re-post if you \have at least one true friend, they will know who they are  "
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to\get better  i know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status, but my\friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting, or survived cancer, please copy this to your status "
