90d5233ffa4114762b3597cd43cb735d
being pregnant is a trip   i got a house full of food and all i want to eat is hotdogs with mustard and bbq sauce   what is really goin on   lol
im gone do me and i could careless what he do
"everytime i call   he done just walked to the store, he sleep, or he aint there  either i got bad timing, or damn fool is written across my head  what u think?"
sorry im a little late   i been in the hospital all day  but for what its worth   happy father's day to all the daddies and daddies to be 
<propmale> mcnair found shot to death!!!!!!!!!!!!!! damn everybody dying   whats going on it the world????
is askin how could i end it without hurtin his feelings???? im over this roller coaster ride   time to leave kiddie land and move on to the bigger roller coasters 
my sisters water just broke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my nephew is on his way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my nephew is here!!!!!!!!!!!!! jaylan pittman   lil boss in training  enjoying the single life!!!!
happy bday 2 my girl <propfemale> and my dude kk   go hard 4 ya bday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you doin all this talking   and yet u aint sayin nothing  say somethin that will get my interest and maybe you will get more than a simple hello  words of advice annoyed tep to me 100% or just fall back 
cant believe she came at me like that   i played it cool though   but if it wasnt for the fact that she is his niece i would have snapped on her ass  but im gone calm down 
going to work    hit me up later 
at swic pissed off   nothing is going right for me today   first my computer started acting stupid   them my printer wouldnt print   then i could find my car keys   so i was late for class and couldnt turn in my last paper    and now i have to wait for <propfemale>
at swic pissed off! nothing is going right for me today   first my pc started acting stupid   then my printer wouldnt wrk   then i couldnt find my car keys   so i was late for class and couldnt turn in my paper    and now i have to wait for like an hour o
"is saying good nite fb    and to my honesty box friend   how will i ever know if you dnt tell me,"
havent seen or really talked to him in 2 days   missin my friend  wishing he'd call
so thats 4 tatt's down like 3 or 4 more to go then im done    hopefully
at home gettin weak watchin never die alone   dmx went hard in this movie   
happy bday to everyone whose bday is today   it was too many of yall to say it individually 
is asking ppl   how u goe get mad cuz i'm with somebody? is it my fault u took ur time to see if this was what u wanted? while u were still wondering  he knew what he wanted and did what it took to get it  step ya game up 
is sad cuz my car is broke     sad 
at the crib 4 the night! i've never been so excited to go to sleep    lmao
if i had a piece of information about u that could have possibly changed ur life   but after certain situations i feel that it wouldn't matter because it doesnt exist anymore   would u want to know???
gotta go get my check before 4  then pay my cable bill   then i get to enjoy my day off    yay me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey fb    guess what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got a new phone   yes ya girl is connected once again!!!!!!!!!!! but that means i need #'s again so send them to my inbox 
"is really tired   didnt get any sleep last night, kept tossing and turnin   and not i gotta sit at swic till my 10 surprise 0 class cuz my 8 surprise 0 is canceled"
the best things to have are the things we didnt know we wanted  stop trying to find it and let it find u 
is not feeling good at all!!!!!!!!!!!
"i feel like crap!!!!!! i have a head ache, a stuffy cold and i feel nauseous  i wish i could just go to sleep but im not sleepy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel like crap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
ok so 4 sum reason every1 wants to be a rapper  well there's a guy who calls himself the best rapper alive aka b r a  4 sum reason he thinks thats pronounced bruh and not bra   i find it funny that he calls himself a titty supporter  lmao!!!! he's a bra!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
been sleep all day   now im wide awake   lol
gotta be at wrk at 9 dnt get off til 7  i'm all read not liking the sound of this day   sad 
had my 1st dr 's appt  today  got to see my baby and hear its heart beat  i am 9weeks and 4days pregnant  the due date is june 25!!!!! so far away from now   but i still cant wait so see my baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
13 weeks and counting!!!!! june 25th is a long time from now   but i still cant wait 
at home bored as hell  tryna get over this cold  sad 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!! and happy bday amore'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mad cuz my car stopped on me!!!  sad   hopefully whatever is wrong will be fixed tomorrow 
is tired of everyone thinking that just because they have an opinion it should be about my life  im gone do me regaurdless  its my life and i'll live how i want  and right now i dont want to do what you suggest  if its so good  itll will be the same later in life 
we had our ups and rite now we're fighting thru our downs but no matter what the case is; i love him with all my heart  if he wasn't worth it i wouldn't be fightin for it 
just came from the dr  the baby is developing on schedule  4 months and counting!!!!!
he say that my attitude is why he dnt want to call all the time  but i dnt remember askin him to call  my question to him is: if you really quit callin do you think i would care??????
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance        93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour"
just got off the phone with deonte!!! i miss him sooooo much!!!!!! can't wait til march when he comes back home!!!!!! that phone call made my day and now im going back to sleep  that trip down memory <propfirst> was worth it!!!
for you who dont know   im having a boy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! eli'jah ahmir o'neal is due  june 25th!!!!!!!!!!! i cant wait 
thanks to everyone for the bday wishes!
bout to lay it down   i am really tired! felling like a fat ass cuz my clothes dnt fit anymore   lol txt me only if its important   if it can wait til tomorrow   let it  goodnite fb!!!
smh at ppl on fb   when asked if they got money everybody hits the like button or makes a comment   ask them same ppl if they takin care of their kids with that money   i bet only a handful would respond or respond truthfully   now u tell me where they do that at????
"its bad enough dudes tryna \do\"" me after i tell them i'm pregnant   but what i e playful erienced today has got to be the funniest thing in history  im sitting at the light on north belt west and a guy pulls up and blows his horn  i looked over and i could not believe this man was tryna talk to me from the driver side of a funeral hearse  like seriously did u really think that was gone fly?????? smfh at these silly rabbits """
r i p  uncle nan   you will truly be missed!
just left the dr  feeling sick as hell!!!! tryna get in touch with my sister cuz i need my hair done!! bout to lay it down for a moment  txt if its important   if it can wait let it 
"man when they say things happen in 3's they def  didnt lie  first it was my uncle <propfemale>, and now its my friends father  my heart goes out to the beard-white and the hamilton-<propmale> families  r i p uncle <propfemale> and mr  <propmale>! the both of you all will truly be missed  i wonder whose next    hopefully no one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! let the saying be wrong this time, 2 is enough "
"well today we laid to rest my uncle fananza <propfirst> beard  gone but never forgotten   so many tears, laughs, and memories shared today  in rememberance we went hard just for you  love you always "
i am truly a fat ass   just got done eating and now im sleepy   lmao im just gone blame it on the pregnancy   smile 
"food for thought: if you cant keep your word 4 simple things when it comes 2 me, how are you gone be able 2 keep your word 2 your child? how do you e playful ect me 2 believe your gonna be around when your son gets here, when you havent been around 4 the whole pregnancy? you claim 2 do so much & yet fail to show proof  dont get it twisted im not judging you  its just that your not making yourself seem worthy or dependable "
just had a big epiphany!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have a new outlook on things now  the past is the past and the future is eli'jah ahmir o'neal  all the other b s  in the middle don't even matter  my joy is my own and cant no one take it away 
"all this time i thought you had a hold on me, thought you still had a piece of my heart  but i realized i wasn't still in love with you    but in love with the memory of who you used to be "
"they saying goes \if you love something let it go if it comes back it was yours if it doesnt it never was\"" but i've seen ppl who done broke up three or four times and after the last time never get back together  so what type of credibility does this have  sounds like a bunch of bs to me  what you think?"""
i'm lyin all alone in my room   toss and turn don't know what to do i need a you   i want somebody to come ease this pain baby me please tell me your name   i need a you
he think he love me! ni99a you dont love me   ni99a you dont love me!
just left church and now im headed to work  happy easter everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
never imagined i could be in love with a person i never met  how can someone be such a vital part of my exisitence and yet he's not even here  i've never felt a love like this before  cant wait to meet my lil man eli'jah ahmir o'neal  mommy loves you more than you caould ever know  only a month and a half to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so i asked this man to tell me what he got for the baby so i can know what i need to get  he replied so seriously \clothes and pampers\""  call me stupid but i think that mean i'm gettin everything myself  shm & lmao cuz he was so serious  i knew i was doin this by myself but damn!!!! can't wait til my son gets here  mommy loves you eli'jah!!!!!"""
i had a good time at my baby shower!!!! thanks to everyone who came out and celebrated with me   now i'm just awaiting the birth of my son 
loving all the ppl in my life   old and new!! realizing how truly blessed i am to have so many ppl supporting me on this journey of mommyhood  axiously anticipating the arrival of eli'jah ahmir o'neal  loving him more every second of everyday 
im falling    and surprisingly i dont want to stop!!!
yesterday was by far the best day in the world  i gave birth to my son eli'jah ahmir o'neal!!!! nothing or noone could ever replace the feeling i felt when we exchanged our first glances  loving eli'jah and life to the fullest 
happy father's day to all the father's on fb!!!!! hope you all enjoy your day 
"well, i survived the first night home with eli'jah  i think he has his days and nights confused because i was up every two hrs from 11pm til 7am   and now he's sleeping peacefully  hate to wake him now   but he's gotta eat  so in love with this thing call motherhood!!!!"
he slept through the night!!! i'm loving every second with him 
loving motherhood  but hating being stuck in the house   these 6 weeks need to go by as fast as possible  my son sleepin so now i'm bored   lol 
my son is 1wk old today!!!
"loving my life rite now!!!!! i got a beautiful baby boy; who is the center of my world  a family; who supports and helps me in every way  and a friend; who keeps a smile on my face and a soft spot in my heart  who could ask anything more, and even if you could why would you want to???"
who the hell is the weird chick singin <propmale>'s song?????
"just got done cookin pock chops, mashed potatoes, and sweet peas   bout to <propmale> and later i'm makin a cake!!!!!!!!"
hopin it is what it is   hopefully this isnt jst a lil game he play  thinkin im in over my head   dnt mind me im in my feelin box rite now  lmao (insider)
"i done fucked up my phone, i think i got it wet    so tired of lookin at this house, ready to get the hell outta here   bored cuz my son sleep  lol  loving eli'jah to the fullest extent!!!"
sittin here feedin my son  mad as hell cuz my computer fucked up   yesterday it was my phone now this what next the tv?? thank god for safe mode cuz thats the only way i can get on   smdh! on another note tomorrow my son will be 3 wks old! loving him more and more each day!!!!
"well fb, its gettin late and eli'jah is gettin fussy so i'm about to call it a nite  food for thought: don't find a person whose just like you to build a relationship with; find that person who makes you want to be a better person  goodnite fb!!!!"
"loving my life!!! got my son, my boo, family and friends  i wake up everyday with a smile on my face   and no complaints about anything  loving this hand that life has delt me!!! i'm truly happy "
"all in my emotions  but in a good way  not sure how he did it but he got my heart  loving the way he makes me feel, the way he keeps a smile on my face loving everything about him "
"i hate when ppl say that men women aint shit  in this world you get what you put out so if all you ever had was \aint shit\"" men women then maybe you should evaluate yourself cuz you might be the other half of the \""aint shit\"" situation """
prayin for my guy hakeem and his family  i kno its hard to mourn the lost of a loved one; especially when its the mother of your children 
"my baby went to the dr  today and got his shots  now my baby dnt feel good, he running a fever   sad  i dnt like seeing my poodah like this "
"loving the men in my life! im thanking <propfemale> lovinmotherhood harper 4 introducin me to my boo, and thanking <propfirst> smooth talkin <propmale> 4 keepin my head straight bout alot of things  they say u dnt know a good thing until its gone   good thing i didnt have to lose mine to realize he was in my face all along  eli'jah and <propmale> share my heart!"
"i need to find another better job   my whole day was spent at wrk    and now when i get home to my son im tired as hell and he sleep  i hate being away from him for so long, but i gotta make money to provide for him   i need another situation "
say'n happy birthday superman ( kerchavian <propmale>) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go hard or go harder those ur only 2 choices 
tryna see what im gone do on my day off   my son is with his tt and my luv dnt have to be at wrk til 9   its early ill find something to do   hopefully 
how can u be so in love with a person? some ppl aren't blessed enough to find someone that they can truly love and look at me i was blessed to find two  eli'jah and <propmale> have my heart   and there's noone who can take it away from them 
"hey fb! i gotta a question  can a man really get mad if the man that his son recognizes as his daddy aint him, when its his fault he not around?"
wishin somebody takes my shift today   i have the worse migraine ever   i jst wanna sleep the day away 
how is it dat he is man enuff 2make a baby &proclaim wat it is dat he do will do 4his baby; but when it comes down 2it he does nothin? my son been n the world 4almost 3months &aint never seen his sperm donor nor has his sperm donor done nething 4him  dats ok tho b c my son has a real man n his life &dats all dat matters &since u aint did shit 4 3months u dnt need 2see him or do shit 4the next 18yrs  its like that!!!
enjoy'n my 5day weekend for my baby's birthday  my hubby just turned 25 and we been goin hard since wednesday! what are we gone get into tonite???? lovin him!!!
man life throws shit at u outta no where   u just gotta know how to catch it  learning who to put up with and who to keep at a distance  jst fucked  up what ppl u keep at a distance be ur fam  its jst us against the world  rene+elijah+mel=my world 
at home bored missin my love  wishin he come home soon   hate bein in ths big ass house by myself 
dnt kno if its worth the fight cuz it seems as if i'm alone in rhis battle
at wrk bored as hell
has been reading ppl status' and came to the conclusion that fb needs spell check it was funny at first but now its just sad
up so damn early and can't go back to sleep  man i hate it when this happens i guess today is goin to be a long day
my baby growin in his first two teeth i can't believe he growin up so fast
at home bored as hell    i guess i should enjoy the quiet time since my son sleep   lmao
ok im bored   ask me a question
at home with the fam stomach on full   enjoyin my two days off from wrk 
my son dnt want me 2hear him say dada he would only say it when he thought i wasn't listenin bt when i popped his had he was cryin 4 his dada lmao he a mess
at home mad as hell but i dnt wanna tlk bout it jst wanted to vent a little
how is it my 5 1 2 month old son cnt crawl yet but he can climb off the couch???
at home bored out of my mind!!!! wishin i had somethin to do 
its so fuckin cold my ragedy ass car won't stay started! can't wait til taxes i'm gettin a new one 
"up early 4 wrk  got that long shift today 9-7  gotta make that $ 4 my son, so i'll be at wrk all day  txt it "
wrkd a 10 hour shift today at wrk stakin up my $  played wit my son for a few hrs and currently puttin him to sleep  t v  for maybe a hr more then sleep 4 me 
is so not in the christmas spirit!! i really wish this day hurry the hell up and pass by  o a n  i need a vacation from everybody and everything    me and my son need to get away for awhile
"r i p to my uncle <propfirst>  your pain is over, now you can truly rest  gone but never forgotten!"
goin out 2nite bringin in the new year early  lookin kick it 2morrow too def not gone be in the house
needs #'s got a new phone no contacts
this ragedy ass car is bout to piss me off   not only does it not have heat the damn doors frozen and wouldnt open  and the one that did wouldnt stay closed and it was the damn passenger door so i couldnt hold as i was driving!!!!! this car needs to be scrap metal cuz its not fulfilling all of his duties as a car 
thank you to every1 who wished me a happy 22nd bday 
doin what i do best   me!!!! i might be bad but i'm perfectly good at it!
i just hope that u miss me a little when im gone   miss me a little when im gone
so my son will be 1 in 3months and idk what i want to do for his bday    i kno i dont want a chuckie cheese party cuz everybody do that and i mean what the hell a 1yr old gone do at chuckie cheese   they dnt even have the balls no more lol   anyways any suggestions???
"there comes a point in your life when fun no longer means bar hopping, clubbing, being out till 4am or drinking too much  it means movies, going out for family dinners, bedtime stories, and sleeping at 9pm  becoming a parent doesn't change you    it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time! re-post this if you are proud to be a parent and love your \boring\"" life!!"""
at first i was a child   so i thought like a child  next i was a adolesent so i thought as a adolesent  now i am a grown woman  and i think and make decisions like a grown woman  the time has come for me to put away childish things b c now i have a child to think about  everything i do is for eli'jah  #lovingmysontothefullest
bout to lay it down    tomorrow is my day off and im def  gone enjoy it  only txt if its important   if it can wait   let it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! goodnite fb!!
sometimes u gotta realize its over   even when u dont want to be  wasnt meant for us so i let it go 
cant believe its ova   but hey when ur unappreciated u have to make choices #heartbroken
