c1ca212e48a574e5e271de7c7a2aeef4
nothing is on my mind
hey classmates iam doing my saint report on padre pio wat u guys doing
hey guys bad news my dog went missing for a whole day and iam so worried and sad
yea my dog is back!!!!!!!!
ya its at 12
modern warfare two comes out tomorrow omg so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy new year all yuz!
i hate being sick and i have midterms tommrow
going to a basketball game wish me luck
we might have no school tommrow or maby even a 2 hour delay
no school ^^
my best <propmale> <propfemale> my dog died today   sad 
school tommrow!!! where did this easter vacation go 
gettn rdy to go to a monster mash i heard there great
what's on your mind? mkay
i just luv school u learn things spend time with ur friends and u cant forget miss faith!!!
can this day and the day before get any better
schools out for the summmaa!!!
"book reports, when will it end   "
can't wait for school!!!
       mj        
make like an mj     and beat it!!
is heading to the beach its my grams b-day wont be back till wensday   c ya   !mj!
back to school  
what's not on my mind? <propmale>!!
i hate head colds
call of duty mid night release is going to be awsome!
hot coco season! woot
ok there is food in my cat's bowl  she meows for food so i go to her bowl and notice there is food in her bowl i have to pore food in the bowl overlaping the other food for her to eat it! can any one give me a legitiment reason y cats are stupid?
has to go to school 
"if u like the steelers type i, if u do not like the steelers, u should type my team suks and i should start cheering for the steelers  j k "
fyi <propmale>'s man hunt party is still at 6 surprise 0  mkay
what time is b-bal practice tomorrow
guys what time is basketball practice tonight??
what time is b ball practice tommrow???? anyone??
why not?
"todays game was, ok but a little too   eventfull  "
poop steelers lost that's something u don't see often  good job packers  shame
jus to make sure our for the game tonight the v has to be there at 6 30?anyone
tell me  why do things have to be so complicated?
mj is bac in the house
"i can't see, to get this song out of my head! \ i want to hold your haaaand i want to hold your hand\"""""
all my lif i've been good but now whooa what the he[[
