f2a7c616731ea45036c007b81f73ccc2
"beat the miami hurricanes, check  beat the florida gators, check  win bowl game over your old nemesis <propmale> spurrier, check  i think i really like the jimbo fisher <propfemale>!! congratulations seminoles!"
what's your favorite shinedown song?
"i'm not crazy, i'm just a little impaired  i know, right now you don't care  but soon enough you're gonna think of me, and how i used to be "
i'm sick of hearing that i'm overqualified for jobs i'm applying for !!
"saddened to hear that actor <propfirst> <propmale>'s life was cut short    mwahahaha     (i know, i know, but i couldn't resist)"
"<propfirst> pujols renewed his ownership of the cubbies today with his 2nd career 3-homerun game against them! oh, and the cardinals take the series too!"
is everyone okay after the tornado outbreak last night?? let me know!!
"one day, when i grow up, i wanna be a kid again!!"
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live  repost this if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this "
goin' to st  <propfirst> tomorrow with my wife and sister and brother-in-law to see the cardinals play the dodgers  that should be a hot and humid good time!!
"shhh    be vewy, vewy, quiet  i'm hunting wabbits    "
"<propfirst> favre retires again! several fantasy football players' values are going to change  <propfirst> peterson - up, <propfirst> rice - down  draft wisely my friends  uh, nevermind   "
are you ready for some football ?!?!?!?!?
redskins 13 - cowboys 7 !!!
enters this season 30 pounds lighter than last season  of course we're only talking about fantasy football these days   surprise )
cowboys are 0-2 ?!?!  that's too bad      (not)
so <propfirst> bautista hit his 50th home run of the season yesterday  his previous season high for hrs is 15  fifteen? fifteen! are you thinking what i'm thinking?
"to my cheesehead friends (you know who you are!!)  redskins win in ot!!\<propmale>, you can exercise your right to remain silent!! but you probably won't \<propfirst> b  i'm looking forward to my free dinner tomorrow night!!"
"hey! what's that thing coming right at us?? oh, it's the weekend!!!!"
is anybody else out there sick of <propfirst> swift??
"duh, bears !!"
seriously considering hibernation this fall and winter  wake me in the spring!!
"the older i get, the more i'm certain that someone out there has a voodoo doll of me, and just randomly jabs pins in various places for sheer entertainment "
saw trans-siberian orchestra for my third time last night  i still think they put on one of the best shows i have ever seen! there's a lot of talent in that group!!
"thank you to all my friends, family, and friends who feel like family, for the wonderful birthday wishes! it was a glorious day, and the good lord even gave us some 70 degree weather with sunshine! who could ask for more than that??"
"my homemade chili is simmering in the crock-pot, and play-off football is on tv  some days are just perfect that way!!"
apologies to all my fb family and friends  i haven't been on much because i'm right in the middle of a 68-hour work week  (i'm too old for this!)
