a07bb8737659063077cee9ed4c3a4114
"another saturday at home, awesome "
entire louisiana centurytel dns servers go down for most of the day     
"can't wait for sunday, eagles are gunna get destroyed~~"
one more day before the big eagles smackdown!
does anyone near vp go to a sports bar for saints games?
how bout dem saints?!?
finally stepping into the hidef age today  laugh 
no clue what to do tonight  annoyed 
"hepl, need something to do!"
whats dat? saints got a defense yea!
"just woke up at midnight, no idea wtf happened    "
needs something to do this weekend other without missing the lsu and saints games!
listening to <propfirst> <propfirst> coe pretending i have some beer   
needs something to do!
is bored
black and gold superbowl!
"headed to <propfemale> this weekend for the saints game, who dat!?!?"
leaving early in the a m  for <propfemale> to watch the saints! who dat?
"well after coming back from the new orleans game which was awesome btw, i go to the eye doc and find out i'm pretty much blind and now wearing glasses for the first time in my life  annoyed "
"looking for a date to go on a cruise next fall, i don't want to go alone  annoyed "
saints are going 19 and ohhhhhh      
can't wait for the game thursday        btw~ still looking for a date for a cruise next fall > smile 
or a date tomorrow   whatever is fine by me =p
can't think of what my status is right now hrmm   who dat say dey gunna beat dem saints?
already getting excited for the game tomorrow   btw anyone with nfl network they have a special recap of the saints season so far tonight at like 8 or 9pm
who dat? who dat? who dat say dey gunna beat dem saints? not the cowgirls!
off to christmas <propfemale> with family then getting pumped to go down to <propfemale> and watch the saints rip the yuks a new one who dat!
"started by <propfirst> ardoin   leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   or disasterous, lol "
"ok off to play some mind numbing game till i can fall asleep, good night all and <propfemale> christmas!"
<propfemale> christmas all!
all i want for christmas is a black and gold superbowl!
"just got back from <propfemale>, sucks that they lost but still had a great time!"
"so the regular season is pretty much over, for the first time ever the saints have the no  1 seed in the nfc!"
twenty ten has a nice ring to it don't you think?
updating status to updated cause i'm bored
alert alert----------single and tired of it please help---------alert alert
"watching all the seasons of \24\"" again   """
so much for global warming      
rainbow   
going sleep outside nekked tonight!
"need female companionship on a cruise later this year, need to know soon!!!"
for those that care my new cell phone number is in my profile 
nothing to do on a sat night   so bored
"hell is literally freezing over tonight, <propfirst> won a playoff game lol"
can they ban my account for a weed profile pic? =p
migraines suck
anyone with centennial able to get facebook mobile to work?  annoyed 
"heading to the dentist soon, yay for nitrous oxide!"
shot my m1 garand today  laugh 
can't wait till saturday       
"finally got a good haircut, thanks tiji!"
need to go to <propfirst> tomorrow for new glasses  annoyed 
who dat?
deuuuuuuuuuuuuuce      ready to rock out tonight and rock out tomorrow for the game who dat?!
today is da day! who dat!?
black and gold superbowl!
"just two more w's, who dat?"
"farewell deuce, we will miss you!"
"so ready for sunday, who dat?"
still doesn't know what to do this weekend besides watch the game   
"thinking about going to town and getting all my hair cut off, such a hard decision    "
"ok it's on, after i don't know how long with long hair it's getting cut today   kinda nervous"
cut all my hair off   now just need to find something to do tonight
"such a boring night, at least i know sunday will be eventful!"
really need something to do or i'm going to go crazy thinking about the game tomorrow   
anything somewhat entertaining going on tonight? going crazy here  
finish strong!
let's get it on!
who dat baby? black and gold superbowl!!!
still trying to let it sink in that the saints are going to the superbowl  
looking for something to do   
hit me up if someone has something fun to do sat  night!
just a week away now!
boredom is killing me
"hell yes, lost is back!"
"\lost\"" is the best series ever made!"""
"i'm bored out of my mind, someone help!"
"2 days awake, time to sleep i think  "
hope i feel well enough to do something this weekend
is there any way to block those damn farmville or petville or whatever photo tags from showing up??
still sick     when will it end?!
so lonely!
"just got my patriot media player in, time to watch some blurays  laugh "
looks like i'll be staying up all night again  
"just got over the worst flu in memory, god i hate that feeling"
"got bored, so decided to go sight in my m1 garand "
"kiss me, i might be part <propfemale>!"
it is a distance to travel; from a woman's mouth to a man's ears  so i shall close the gap from now on 
if anyone wants a custom pc built for them shoot me a text or message on here and i'd be glad to see what i can do for ya 
"looking for something to do tonight, someone let me know what's going on!"
love me some lost!
needs more friends
i have nobody to go to the festival with d:
"i actually had a good time last night, one in the win column for me i guess =p"
"can't sleepl, so i'm watching \snatch\"" the movie"""
snatch is probably one of the best movies ever made 
3 phones from centennial and people still aren't getting my texts   
time is running out on me finding someone to bring on a cruise =p
seriously im willing to bribe someone with a cruise lol
sucks being the only one awake at 3am   
"if we don't have sex right now, the world is going to end  i swear "
gunna go outside before i drive myself crazy with boredom
"back indoors, tired and hungry  annoyed "
lookin for something to do this weekend~
another sleepless night for moi
"headed to town, yay"
"wish i had something witty to say, but as usual i draw a blank  hopefully tonight will be a good night!"
"tonight was a very long and interesting night to say the least, ended up pretty damn good though  wink "
aight i'm out to make a fool of myself and try to have some fun in the progress 
just woke up! had an awesome night last night with some very weird friends  laugh 
"apparently my sense of humor sucks and just manages to piss people off, so i guess i'll just stop =p"
"week full of blood work and god knows what else in store for me, i'm so excited   "
who are the saints going to pick?!
"oh god, <propfirst> was chosen to be on the cover of madden 11"
fixing computers as usual   
i think i may be too tired to even look for something to do tonight 
needs a haircut 
headed to vp to shave my head
what should i do for my birthday this weekend?
who wants to party this weekend for my bday?!
"headed to <propfemale> in the am, but not for fun  annoyed "
on my way back from <propfemale>  hate this drive!
"my bday this weekend, will likely be at one of the rails if anyone wants to get me drunk and have their way with me!"
"k so i guess i'm headed to the rail tonight for my bday, feel free to drop by!"
need somewhere to go tonight!
at the rail chilling
need people at the rail!
thanks for the bday wishes guys!
"ssi hearing in a few hours, couldn't sleep as usual, pray for me please   "
"just out of curiosity, does anyone have their ffl? i want an ar-15 bad =p"
been up for like 36 hours now   
where to go tonight?
where is everyone?!?
never forget those that have fallen 
"chillin, catching up with the fb world then gunna find something to do "
"got sick just in time for the weekend, wonderful "
heading to the rail tonight
"just woke up from like 20 hours of sleep, can't wait for the weekend~~"
"nobody ever likes or responds to my status updates, guess i'm not cool enough for facebook!"
feeling horrible as usual on a thursday night  annoyed 
this day needs to fastforward to night time
anyone doing something early so i don't have to sit here bored   
ended up having to get a ride home leaving my vehicle in mamou then remembered my meds were in the damn car so i had to use my brothers truck to drive back there and get them then locked his damn keys in the truck when i got back somehow          
"weekend was pretty horrible, slept all day yesterday and not feeling much better today  days like these i could live without"
hoping this week will be better than the last
text me i'm bored~
"sick, no going out for me tonight  annoyed "
"i need to go out, but can't drive d:"
"i guess if i can't say anything nice, i shouldn't say anything at all =p"
aight i've been out of it for like a week now and not sure what's going on  someone holla at ya boy and tell me what's up!
i need to learn to use photoshop so i can put this superbowl ring on my finger on the interwebz!
"yummy, <propfirst> link's beef jerky  $$"
i haven't been out in weeks and nobody has missed me?! d:
"serious question, where is mudfest at? =p"
 laugh dddd found some synthetic stocks for my m1  30 cal that has a pistol grip and the option for sopmod!
august 10th! madden 11~
haven't gone out in about 4 weeks or so   can't be sure and not starting tonight unfortunately
"chillin listening to some music from sr  year of high school, boy those were good times   "
heading to town for a haircut~ life is so fun
"when you came in the air went out, and every shadow filled up with doubt  i don't know who you think you are, but before the night is through i wanna do bad things with you   "
heading out tonight~
where to go?!
just letting you all know i didn't die yet 
still alive just incase anyone was curious  laugh 
"i know i've been mia for quite a while, what have i missed?!"
"i can't take this heat anymore, i hate global warming!"
i'm feeling so short pale and handsome right now
feeling pretty good today!
not having a driver's license can be quite irritating  annoyed 
slept most of the day and now another night of nothingness to look forward to
