9acfe27f786d6720e9b50dc278e4db50
going to bed sleepy    nite all
"happy sweetest day to all my sweeties, you know who you are!!!"
"can't sleep itchy all over, allergies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"looking forward to another wonderful year with <propfirst>  happy new year to all my family, close friends and all my facebook friends"
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven"
"going to pick up my new baby, a new cat, woo hoo !!!!!"
"look twice--save a life, motorcycles are everywhere!! repost this to your status to remind all of your family friends that it is motorcycle season, and taking a few extra seconds to take a second look will save lives of our loved ones  give them their fair share of the roadway  it is bike week - everyone be careful out there!"
"april 24 - may 1st is national infertility awareness week  as you play with your kids today, or tuck them into bed tonight, please take a minute to empathize with the millions of couples out there struggling to achieve what you have  if you or someone you love is affected by infertility, please post this in your status this week to show your support "
"i might not be the most beautiful or the \sexiest   nor have the most perfect body   i might not be anyone's first\choice   but i am a great choice   i don't pretend to be someone \else   because i'm too good at being me, i might not be proud of some of\the things i've done   but i am proud of who i am today, take me as \   i am or don't take me at all ~ copy & post if you love to live \your life being you!"
"i just want to thank everyone who wished me a hb, you all mean more to me than you could ever know   i am very blessed to have all of you, i love you all "
"only an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & nephews, post this as your status!"
"unfortunately    most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, and outspoken,i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful then post this on       you   status   i dare you!!"
"therecomes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be anything but happy  repost if         you         agree  null"
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles, salons cuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, latenights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change it for anything  let's see how many moms repost this  moms who don't care about about what they gave up but love what they got in return! repost this if you're a mom and love your children "
"i'm fluent in three languages: english, sarcasm, and profanity "
happy sweetest day to all my fb friends  don't forget to show your sweetie he or she is still #1 
"all of you that bowl on our senior league, yes we are bowling on friday at our usual time   see you all there"
"??????????????? ????? ????????????????? it's nieces' week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime! ??????????????? ????? ?????????????????"
my mom made me laugh     wiped my tears     hugged me tight     watched me succeed     saw me fall     cheered me on     kept me going strong     and     drove me a little crazy at times     but moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever!    i love you mom! put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love 
"going to louisville for a full body message, boy do i love it!!!!!!"
happy st  patricks day everyone
"reposting: attention fb friends! some applications are sending not too nice messages under your identity  if you don't want to get in trouble with your friends, copy paste this message! and if you receive a nasty message from me, rest assured i'm not the one who sent it!"
