85fefda28f748d7541ec440f5848ab41
"is wondering when she'll be able to successfully post pictures on facebook, because she knows you all want to see her pictures from from mexico and costa rica   she also knows that the long wait is making you all suffer and apologizes for her inadequate c"
"digli-dig, digli-dig, trio trio trio!"
i am really upset   i was working on my child sim and she was one day from aging up and the social worker stole her from me!
"i can't sleep   i can't sleep   i can't sleep!  gaaaah!  if only it were as simple as closing my eyes, but even they won't stay closed!"
i'm off to do homework   bleck!
i can't sleep   
"nasa has found bodies of water on the <propfemale>!  unlike the first discovery of water molecules in the atmosphere, nasa, through the use of bombing has discovered that there are indeed bodies of water   it is still inconclusive whether the <propfemale> will ever be inhabitable, however so keep your fingers crossed, space nuts    and don't criticize my grammar   i know you're tempted     so don't"
who in their right mind closes a library at 7 surprise 0?  it's absurd!
the incessant babbling of fools is god's infernal curse upon the intellectual community 
"i'm in the library studying in an individual study room, and i can hear people    giggling    do people not understand that libraries exist for studying, and not partying "
"first name mr, middle name 'period', last name t!  forget <propmale> <propmale>   mista t  is the baddest in the world!"
upsilamba!
reading <propfemale> in tehran is a great book 
thanks for all the comments guys 
i'm totally studying now 
everyone should try learntosit com 
"holidays are good times to self-reflect and to establish better relations with ourselves   in order to have peaceful relations, one must be at peace with himself   since you no longer have the earlier distractions from everyday life, you can face any enigma you were ignoring before   take some time to learn about yourself this christmas   you can do this through guided meditation and journaling   <propfemale> christmas "
shazbot!
what are going to do?  are there any school plans?  good luck with everything 
boy: hey mr  owl   how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsi-pop? mr  owl: let's see    one   two   three    *crunch*
root: under-active (-19%)sacral: under-active (-19%)navel: under-active (-44%)heart: open (19%)throat: under-active (0%)third eye: over-active (63%)crown: open (25%)
i'm unmotivated to do anything    
it sucks to have tonsillitis   woe is me 
my throat hurts    sad 
i'm addicted to mass effect 2 
"i got food poisoning at <propmale> dining hall   oh, joy!"
i'm off to complete my first exam of the week   wish me luck 
i've got to focus on studying 
"my last exam is a comprehensive exam   at least, i know with 17 chapters covered on the test, there can't be any obscenely difficult questions "
i've removed all of the face book game applications from my account!  those things are equivalent to pop-up adds   i can't stand them!
"animazement was great  i can't fully elaborate on the awesomeness in a status update, so i won't tell any of you about it   muahaahaahaa   feel underprivileged  > laugh "
"i attended animazement from thurs  27 through sun  30   it was really fun   i didn't attend any panels, but i did meet some awesome people   there were many awesome cosplayers   i couldn't imagine anything larger "
i miss animazement   well    back to my mundane life of monotonous boredom 
that reminds me   fangirls make me happy   i got lots of hugs   i think i beat near's hug count   >>
"i realized that i can be a deadpan snarker at times, so if i ever annoyed you in such a way, then i apologize "
"it's decided   i'm going as trowa <propmale> next year   i'm excited about making his clown suit   i'm also going to have his usual costume for regular photo shoots, as well   aleya, did you want to do the death note cast again?  if it's ok with the others, maybe we could do death note one day as well   ^ ^"
i'm bored   
my friends are backing out on dragon con   t t
http annoyed  propakistani pk 2010 05 23 one-facebook-two-faces-one-is-real-ugly 
i need more    sp!
"i saw <propmale> of persia tonight   it was surprisingly good   the plot was cheesy at times, but the quality of the production made up for any corniness "
"i've finally logged back onto facebook   nope, i didn't die     anyway, life is pretty good right now   i have a part time job, and i still get to enjoy my summer "
i just finished portal!  it was so much better than i originally thought it would be   does anyone know where i can get the end song?
i saw inception on friday   it was an epic movie   you should all watch it   it got an 87% on rotten tomatoes so it must be good 
i finally went to wasabi 88   it was pretty cool   who would have thought that steak on sushi would actually be good 
facebook is such a distraction   i forgot what i was originally doing online           oh yeah   i need to check my e-mail 
"i just found a person with a huge collection of dc comics, and he's going to let me borrow them    laugh   i'm gonna get my nerd on now   what was that thing about <propmale> west vibrating and being able to pull apart his molecules to run through walls?"
i just got teen titans in the mail   i'm going to read it now   ^ ^
i'm starting to like <propmale> drake   maybe i misjudged the kid 
"ups, usps, or usps media mail?  i need to know which is the best choice?"
i feel enlightened     for now i know the origins of <propmale> <propmale> 
t-e-e-n t-i-t-a-n-s!  teen titans!  let's go!       > >  um    yeah 
this music is making me feel sick   can you get motion sick from listening to music?
i want to watch big dreams little tokyo 
ecu is closed for flooding   it will be open at 11   guess when my first class is?  that's right   11   why do i get stuck with all the bad luck?
"i'm eating unpopped corn kernels, because i'm just that bored   they aren't that great "
is <propmale> boortz a trustworthy and reliable talk show host?
i really need to be productive today   i guess i need to get out of this chair first 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=oq-p0yscf6e
i got the completionist achievement on mass effect    laugh 
i wanna go to woodstock in toronto 
"for halloween, i get to study   thanks a lot for scheduling my tests the first three days after halloween, especially the person who scheduled a math test on monday   i really appreciate it "
the walking dead is great   i think i might start watching television again 
wait    what? no!
"hey, does anybody want to go to checkers tonight?  i have a craving for chili cheese fries   comment if you want to go too "
"i forgot my clothes in the washing machine so i have to wait for them to dry before i go back to pamlico    what am i going to do over the weekend?  stats homework   do we have internet yet?  more importantly, do we have cable yet, specifically amc?  i have to watch the walking dead on sunday "
nevermind
my new favorite anime is shiki   i don't know if i can wait for the final episodes to come out 
does somebody want to study with me?
i'm going shopping  does anybody want to go to the mall?
"thank you, everyone who wished me a happy birthday   i appreciate it    smile "
i hope everyone has a great christmas break 
my mass effect game started freezing today   at least i only lost the last mission and nothing more than that   i only need two more levels to get extreme power gamer   then i can transfer my character to mass effect 2 
"does anybody need to go to walmart target today?  i will probably be going over there later today, so if you need anything or just want to come along for the ride, you're welcome to do so   also, i don't have my phone at the moment   i believe i left it in my car in b-lot "
"i need to buy all <propfemale> batman, so i can compare morrison and miller "
why doesn't facebook have a dislike option?  i would use it all the time 
"do you ever feel like ranting, but keep yourself from doing it solely because it is socially unacceptable?"
new goal: running in the morning   exercising at night   i need to be able to run at least 2 <propmale> by the beginning of march 
"if you're not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1)= crazy  (2)= i`d marry you  (3)= attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= i`d kiss you  (7)= moody  ( smile = smart  (9)= imaginative  (10)= random  (11)= hot  (12)= funny  (13)= fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile = i love you  (19)= weirdo ? (20) = batman"
"i've lost my phone, but i should find it hopefully before the end of the day   i think i might have left it in mendenhall   if you need to talk to me, then leave me a message on facebook "
"i'm gonna go eat, look for my phone, and maybe do some exercise, then follow up with some studying "
i found my phone 
where is my dislike button?  they still haven't added it?
