1b682c28356333b3bab312dd590c1a0f
9 11 is not an excuse for war it is only a memorial for the men who tried saving lives not the people who died!
you would e playful ect me to wear something fancy like a tie today but instead i'm wearing shorts and a shirt  lol
lol at <propmale> cooper and <propfemale> griffin on cnn!
happy new year new york and everyone else on eastern time!
really bored  just friend requsted alot of people  i think i know some of them but not sure i still have to adda picture but havnt actually tooken one in a while so ill use one from last year 
i feel like everyone is at a party but me! <propfirst> goes to a party every 3 days even if he doesn't know anyone there! wow i am waisting my sunday 
can't go to sleep most likely because i don't want to 
salagadoola menchicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo put 'em together and what have you got bippity-boppity bippity-boppity bippity-boppity-boo
"the constitution pretty much just screwed over the deceleration of independence  it pretty much took the right that we thought we were going to get and cut them off so if the government becomes corrupt we will have to stand aside, and if anyone want to stop the corruption they will have no legal right  all they can do is sign a petition or protest  which gets nothing done "
"nationality is bs  they(the white house specifically <propfirst> bush jr ) took our rights! the patriot act sounds like an act that is for the good of the country  this was after september 11, 2001 what it really is, is an act that allows to arrest, prosecute, and torture a \suspected terrorist\"" """
this means even if you are not a terrorist you can be treated as one  this seems like something hitler did after the reichstag building (where the parliment worked) and declared a simular act 
yeah nationality is bs!
yeah 
im sick  and i have to stay home 
i am extremely lazy and feel like im going to fail all my classes
school starts soon  i don't feel like going because of 2 classes  but i will maske it through 
holy shit a fly just attacked me and then a couple more just scared the hell out of me!
im sure its still in here 
i feel like beating up a sixth grader! watch out sixth graders im going on a physcotic rampage!
i had a horrible headache today  it really sucked i ended up sleeping for 3 hours 
i hate religion with every fiber of my being  no one person will understand how much i hate these fairytale evil people filled with hatred! of course i am a hypocrite for i as well am filled with deep hatred for these people!
i hate religion with every fiber of my being  no one person will understand how much i hate these fairytale evil people filled with hatred! of course i am a hypocrite for i as well am filled with deep hatred for these people! just restating it   
how late is late to go to sleep  for me it is 9pm the next day lol!
the christian reich is upon us  most of you don't know that i hate religion  i usually don't talk about religion but i do to just let out some steam   i hate! religion  most of you do not know what reich means 
i use it in the context of reign  i knew this would strike up some controversy about comparing religion with the german-nazi army  of course some people will be quick to judge and call me evil  of course i do look down upon religion 
im pretty sure im insane now 
i accidentaly a soda bottle 
yay im not insane!
it was an awesome day today! i met someone and im happy how things turned out!
a profesionally butchered human can feed 60 people for a week  this is using every part including the bone marrow  so who wnts to go camping!?
just put more music in my phone 
we are all dieing in slow motion    just saying  lol
a poll was taken and more americans like the healthcare <propmale> now that it is law  it is amazing and sad how people change there views so easily 
i am really sucking at french! i need to memorize la marseillaise by friday  i kind of got it but i cant remember it!
yes im actually memorizing it yay! im really rocking the french anthem  la marseillaise
i just woke up  i didnt remember sleeping  i just remembered waking up ande my neck hurts 
"sometimes i wonder \why am i so shy?\"" for some reason i can never just go around telling people anything if i bearly know them  i will only talk to absoloute strangers and close friends but noone in between  of course there are those insane moments were i just go do anything  this just makes me feel so wierd especially since i need a date for the millitary ball """
why do i not show my intelegence  i would make a good philosopher if i actually e playful ressed my opinions more openly  i find it wierd that this is usually not what i post when i get on  it is usually about science and other things 
i just noticed how horrible of a person i am even though everyone thinks i'm this kid that always makes good grades and is nice to everyone  my comments on other peoples walls are usually cruel or just hilarously evil 
i'm over att a friends house  he has like 5 computers 
just got home its an awesome day  also carwash tommorow at mcdonalds on 1960  it's a fundraiser for rotc
i feel like waking up before <propfemale> just to take pictures  maybe try to get a better image of that tree and the street light  for some reaso i can't stop thinking about it  it's just so hipnotic  i could probably write poetry about it too bad i'm not that type of person 
i feel out of my time  the processes of the modern world are slow and ireliable  of course we hve advanced greatly in the thousands of years we have been here i think this is not how it will stay  i believe that soon things will change even if i must change them 
i got sunburned  pretty sure that even my ees are sunburned  i actually didn't notice or even think about it 
now i see why i don't usually do all the stuff i want in the begining  theres nothing left to do for the rest of the time 
"why do people strive to feel good  at the end of it all you end up wanting it, and when you don't have it you feel bad  for what? a moment or two of actual joy? and then what? just fall into the cycle of being sad because you want it and it gets harder to obtain  it just spirals out of control until your life ends up crashing and burning!"
are we really wired to be this bad at planning ahead that we only feel  good when actually performing an action that brings you joy? this was  the way it was designed  it keeps the human will and might  going  as long as you know that at the end you will have accomplished  something and that it will be different people will go through this  cycle until they notice that sometimes nothing gets accomplished 
"why do people not display there religous or political view on there profiles, and when they do they follow the rules and just put something like  christian - catholic"
"why is my life like this!?!? i'm not really that normal, of course i would never want to be  i would rather find myself dead  i am glad that i am more concious about my surrondings  i wouldn't like to be normal "
just watched saw 5  plot got better and it is very interesting 
got smash bros  brawl on sunday  pretty fun  it seems i can't find anything to do  it is most likely because so little intrests me at the moment  i'm not going to say i can't wait till (time) or then i would be lying because i actually don't have much to look forward to this week 
just broke into my own house and my dog attacked me lol  i need a key 
the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do  and if you do any of these ten things he has a special place full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish where he will send you to live an suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever untill the end of time! but he loves you! lol at religion!
"i'm about to go to school, i usually leave at 6:55 to start walking "
i just stabbed my thumb with a pin on my uniform  that made me feel stupid  also i feel some people are ignoring me  noone really close but it still bothers me that someone would do such a thing 
¿s?u??? ??d??s ??ns ?q p?sn?? ??do?d ??? ???
i hate when people just make a retarded joke and people start believing it is true  i hope no one actually thinks my friend has gonorrhea  lol
need to find a way to go to sleep or i'm not going to get up tommorow  <propfirst> go to sleep or you not going to wake up either  you are very lazy  you too <propfirst>  i just feel like telling you what to do 
just got home  this is going to be a great weekend 
i had some awesome dreams  it seems way better than a 3d movie because it was live  it was more of 3 dreams  probably because i was asleep for 12 hours 
"just got an invitation from the congressional youth leadership council  i'm not sure if i may atend because the thing costs $2,359 not including transportation, lunches, souvinirs etc "
just got home watched three movies took about four and a half hours  went there with some hilarous people  i don't smile i have facial spasms! lol
havn't checked my email for a while  turns out i had a bunch  unfortunantly it was alot of unread trash  well atleast it was from my point of view i only check to    i'm not sure why i check noone really uses email anymore 
at a too much pizza  ive been eating to much today  i had a big breakfeast and a big lunch  i guess ill just skip dinner  i feel like ima e playful lode lol 
i find the work to be more of a reward then the reward itself  ofcourse that in its self is a contradiction 
"once an insane person replied to my simple  comment \what's up?\"" with a question  the question he asked was \""what is up but  down turned around?\"""""
finally chose to use facebook on my phone 
i've noticed that the best thing i do is think  for some reason i find myself thinking about things that are completely unrelative  sometimes i'll be talking to someone and think of something entirely diffrent and still be attached to the conversation  sometimes i lose sight of reality and become delusional 
just got out of leadership school training  volunteered to be the element leader but didnt get chosen to march the flight   annoyed 
i have good news bad news and worse news  the good news is that there is no worse news  the bad news is that i forgot what i was going to say 
i was about to watch <propfemale> but my sister changed the channel 
i wish it wasn't as cloudy so i can use my telescope  can't wait till the high air pressure rolls in 
dang it i need to get my uniform ready  i need the uniform for after school  i need it for mentoring and for sls training  i still can't find black socks and i don't have a v-neck shirt 
why do people find ipc material so dificult  whats so hard about finding for a certain factor? its just simple algebra  it's just aplying yourself 
my brother is going over chemistry 2 with me  i get somethings but not all  i think chemistry 1 will be pretty easy  i'm more interested in physics though 
i'm making my bed before i go to sleep  lol  i can't stand to see messy things 
i got to march the flight today but had to leave early to mentore  i was element leader for sls training  only got one point off for my uniform inspection 
i love physics and astronomy  i know that my career is in that area  it's just so stunning and amazing 
lol republicans and faux (fox) news are so stupid! first fox completely doesn't know what the nuclear <propmale> says  it actually said the exact opposite of what they said  i mean literally the exact opposite! and then they say that they wish <propfemale> was in office  it turns out <propfemale> wanted to cut nuclear weapons by 1 3 as well!
i don't mean to be boring     annoyed \
lol! <propmale> maher is having an entire conversation about marijuana with the guy in green day 
wearily all so drearily we wave our flags into the camera! this is what <propfemale> is about 
i'm watching religulous 
non-religous people are one of the largest minorities  a large 16% 
"there was no sls practice today, and i must admit i was looking forward to it "
"i wonder when i'm going to the dentist, i was supose to get a tooth removed but i never did  also when am i going to the doctor i've been coughing for a while  by a while i mean 5 weeks! i might have lung cancer! |x"
i lost all my student id cards! damnit this really sucks  i also can't find my blue jeans 
i had a dream where someone was angry with me and they just straight up hated my guts  very wierd because it took place in my biology class 
we did alot of excercise today  it was fun  im pretty sure everyone would agree 
i need a picture of myself to post onface book but i'm to lazy!
"i just e playful lained basic particle physics to a friend  you know with the quarks: up, down, charm, strange, top, and bottom  also the leptons: electron nuetrino, electron, muon nutrino, muon, tau nutrino, and tau  then last bot not least the particles that make up forces or bosons: photon, gluon, w boson, and z boson  the four forces aswell: gravity, electromagnetism, weak force, and strong force "
gah! to lazy to take a picture  anyways noone wants to be the cameraman  and i am sure not going to take one of those crappy pictures where i hold my own camera  i'll just find an old picture 
yay i'm going to doctor then the dentist  not going to be here friday  looking forward to it 
note to self (and maybe others) : find smarter friends! it's boring not talking about physics and astronomy and things that would be #1 for my conversation list  ofcourse noone actually likes talking about knowledge! why are my intrest so diffrent from everyone that is my friend!?!?
why does school have to be so boring?!?
"i like my signiture on my phone  lol noone really knows what they are  leptons, bosons, and quarks "
"had a very interesting conversation about physics with my friends  needless to say they were lost  leptons, bosons, and quarks "
"clear skies but no <propfemale>    leptons, bosons, and quarks "
i just had a very interesting conversation with a friend  we talked about physics  we actually thought of some pretty amazing stuff 
intelectual conversations are best held at night 
aparently there is a dark colored sanke in the house 
i am physically exhausted  i feel like crap  i should really go to the doctor 
it's my day off 
godm damnit i hate root canals  also they keep messing up with the clamps 
dentist stopped drilling at my teeth for a while 
root canal is over 
heading downtown on the metro  not much people on the bus 
this is a holy shit moment  i walked 20 <propmale> downtown  the buildings are fucking tall 
bearly going home after long trip to downtown and some crazy downtown e playful irience  also had a nice time volunteering at sedition books 
"meet some new people from volunteering at sedition books  <propmale> is a computer \nerd\"" he is really awesome  <propfirst> went to rice university and majored in english  they are really awesome people  can't wait till next week """
"if you are one in a million that makes you the same as 6,706 other people on the planet  world population is estimated to be 6,706,993,152 in 2008  estimates show that right now there are around 6,814,317,000 "
i'm watching life on the discovery channel  atleast i was before it started to rain sidewards lol 
"i hate stress, and i bet it hates me back "
i forgot to do my math homework!
"i lost my id cards  i lost the one with the picture, the temporary one, and the one on the laptop case "
some black lady just told her shild to leave ater pinching his brother at the clinic  really messed up family 
my nurse asked me if i was nervous about getting blood drawn  i said no  she said good because she was  lol 
wasn't there a cartoon movie where the little girl ends up working at a sweatshop?
this week has been extremely boring 
i found my id cards! they were in my uniform pockets  it took taking them to the cleaners to find them 
alot of people online but noone i would like to talk to  well maybe just 2 people  but all of you tend to be very boring  well atleast to my intrests 
wtf? military ball is this saturday  i thought it was some other time or something  wow time flies by quick  schools almost out! yay!
i hate when my hair is to short to just fall under its wieght but to long to look normal without doing anything to it 
"akward moments in school are always akward  leptons, bosons, and quarks "
swimming tommorow at rotc last period yay!
i dropped ceral on the floor and made the shape of the constelation of orion  wierd 
listening to the moonlight sonata by beethoven  i would like to hear this at night when it's silent except for the crickets while i think about things that wouldn't cross most peoples minds  like right now 
the medicine was making me dizzy and light headed 
went swimming today but now im carrying 10 pounds of wet clothing and the usual  i also smell horrible  stupid cl 
i want to go into aerospace engineering and nuclear engineering  i'll be making nuclear powered space stations!  laugh 
"if you sleep 6 hours a day you will sleep 2190 hours in a year  if you plan on living until you are 80 you will sleep 750,200 hours in your lifetime  that is the equivalent of sleeping for 20 years  i am bored "
i didn't even know i could look this good  lol
the military ball is dreadful at somepoints and fun at others  lol 
i can't get the sd card into the computer!
"i'm not just a bit of a nerd, i'm alot of a nerd  lol  i'm the only one who dreams of being an aerospace enginear or nuclear engineer  then i'm the only one who trys starting conversations over particle physics lol "
schadenfreude   laugh 
gm already paid off its <propfemale> already??? wow the bailout worked   laugh  i hope i heard it right 
gah! i'm still procrastinating! i need to do my biology homework!
just did my homework  yay  i still go more x(
i have a feeling ima be up till 1 am watching the discovery channel 
an average male has 45 pounds of carbon in his body 
it's to hot to walk home in a jacket for a mile  lol i should have tooken it off 
hilarous that people think taks is hard  taks is a test for idiots 
arizona isn't a country club  you can't kick people out because of there race 
anti-depresents don't work  they make you depressed 
democracy : government by the people; a form of government in which the  supreme  power is vested in the people and exercised directly by them or by their  elected agents under a free electoral system   we are the people! the people don't like this!  1 million strong against the arizona immigration law sb1070
"the fastest a person has ever traveled is a bit less than 25,000 <propmale> per hour during the re-entry of apollo 10 "
i can't find my sky chart cd! its driving me nuts 
"may 5, 1961 - launch of mercury-redstone 3 for the mission freedom 7  the first american sub-orbital flight  it reached 116 5 <propmale> and lasted 15 minutes and 28 seconds  it went up to 5,134 <propmale> per hour   for all of you that don't know, it is my dream to become an aerospace engineer "
i just watched something on faux (fox) news  it said 70% of people in  the state agree with the <propmale> and 60% in the entire country  i checked  these <propfirst> and all they did was looked at the percentage of hispancs   they didn't even take a real poll! these people need to tell the facts  not there bias bs!
"i would love the lyrics to the song if they weren't incorectly portraying the facts of the universe, but it is still pretty nice   we are twelve billion light years from the edge,  that's a guess,  n surprise ne can ever say it's true  but i know that i will always be with you "
"annoying applications! gah! the internet is put to bad use! (am i the only one who uses the e playful ression \gah!\""?)"""
i want people to stop calling my phone and asking for <propfirst> escavar! its annoying! i don't know any <propfirst> escavar! and it is always during class so i can never pick up the phone and then when i call back they put me on hold! extremely annoying!
i need to get a job    also the most important post of the day is coming up which most of you know what it is because i do this everyday 
ouch  i just heard of what happened to the nasa baloon 
"i like to laugh in my head at those idiots who don't like to do work or tests and act tough, because \tough guys\"" work frying chicken """
"my mom is so awesome  she would have let me stayed home for no random reason  well she only does that for me because i'm her \favorite\""  well maybe not really sure if i am """
i have to much free time now   
"it's not racist, its racial humor "
feels woerrd walking to school so late 
i have never felt this bored 
"sit down, you've been demoted to a house cat "
omnomnom i just ate a raw oyster 
omnomnom x2 i just ate an octopus 
omnomnom x3 i just ate calimari  not sure what that is 
i need to stop lending my sister money  she still owes me $40 
"at the protest  i see channel 11, 13, and 2, but not 26 "
my family keeps badgering me about not having a girlfriend  o o
i suck at taking pictures lol 
gah! headache!
we have discovered more about the universe in the last century than in all of human history 
gah! i'm sick!
i think i might have allergies   annoyed 
i feel too old for my age  what's wrong with me?
lol i feel like such an idiot now  goodbye people i'm getting off in a bit 
still sick and still going to school 
forgot to bring pt clothes for sls training 
i ran a mile in 10 mins 50 seconds  yay i beat the time 
i can do better 
i like it when its late and you're talking and you think you say something that is extremely great even though you figure out its stupid later and you get that feeling while you think about it 
forgot to put the soda in the freezer  its going to get warm  x(
i was almost home but then they told me to pick up my sister 
i need to learn to physics 
"gah! uniform day tomorrow  not that i don't like it, it's just that its that it gets annoying getting ready  i should start preparing now  i think i will procrastinate for a little longer "
i'm not sure if this happens only to me and my friend but i just have to ask  do unicorns ever steal your kidneys then you wakeup and not know where the hell you're at?
be polite when your mean  be mean but not rude 
it's like playing 20 f'n questions trying to find out what <propfirst> did! it's more like 120 questions! x(
today was the last day of mentoring  well they invited us to go to field day next friday  ill get to miss school 
i slept for about 12 hours yesterday  it's probably not good for me 
"<propfirst> <propmale> carrillo is retarded  lol \he likes emos "
emo's suck i hate them with every fiber of my being  i would die before i would say i like emos 
lol police was on a phone while driving 
"apparently no one says coca-cola they say \coke\"" """
coke is good
i remember when i had to sound out words  it was like a puzzle  i want to have the same passion i used to have for words 
a friend of mine was on my facebook and his friend screwed something up 
if anyone trys that again ima fucking kill you  i will go nuts and gut you alive 
whoever did this is going to pay not only for what they wrote but for me replying to someone over the phone and not knowing what happened 
i was having a good day before this 
i'm not angry after learning somethings about physics 
the radius to create a black hole is two times the gravitational constant times the mass of the object all over the speed of light squared 
iceland has no military  it is concidered the most peacful country in the world 
"nuclear weapons: russia: 5830  us: 5735  france: 350  if a 150-kiloton bomb was detonated at the empire state building 75,000 people would die within the first second  after 4 seconds it would have killed 375,000 people  6 seconds after the detonation it would have killed 625,000 people and injuring 320,000  10 seconds after the detonation the blast would have killed 865,000 and injuring 875,000 "
lol at whale wars  they're so stupid 
400 the cat lol 
i'm eating like a savage 
mr  t says treat your mother right 
i haven't started eating but i'm full 
at <propfemale> tequilas  the food looks worth the money 
lol! 400 the cat!
"so bored  not very useful information, but still i am very bored "
finally going home 
a century ago we thought the milky way was the universe  we have gone a long way since that 
got stuck on some of the hidden commands on the 30 step drill 
i know im going to become an officer  i ran a continous mile until i got a cramp at the end  i have an okay command voice and remember the 30 step drill 
schadenfreude  it's just so great  well atleast for me 
its not news if its not new!
commander's call this evening  can't wait i just like wearing the uniform especially with the jacket 
i got soda on my uniform! stupid stain  i hope its not noticable 
58 more pages until i can start my homework 
crap! i have homework!
too disconcentrated to do my work and my music keeps me awake but also distracts me 
so delightfully jewish  goodnight aswell 
"i'm going to join color gaurd, saber team, and maybe rocketry  i can't wait till next year!"
everyone i know had a crappy day  really sucks 
awesome day!
how can i have 27 mutual friends with this guy and not have added him yet?
people keep likeing the same things  way to be independent  *sarcasm added*
i live to serve  really? well only serve myself  lol  i'm such a cynic 
you stupid mouse i'm going to throw you in the garbage disposal!
stupid mouse keeps multiple clicking and the temporary replacement wont click anything! stupid mice!
the  joyful  face on the facebook chat looks high  lol
i like it when you say yes i'm talking to you and every one thinks i'm talking to them  and yes i am talking to you!
next year i'm going to be more active  i'm going to join atleast 2 rotc teams and learn to play an instrument  maybe find a job and get some money as well  i better start dedicating myself now 
i'm doing better at the piano then i e playful ected 
crap i should get started on my work!
note to self i stopped on 42 
dang it no practice 
im going to texas am 
not to self im on 74 
just pretend its a snake and its giving you a hug  oh wait  just pretend its a seatbelt 
the flying dinosaurs are called smokearapers 
don't feed the birds! it ruins the economy!
ewwww  <propfirst>'s crab shack  it feels like if i touch something it will be sticky  it feels like there is going to be mercury all over the place 
that's where the fairies live  texas city  when there bad one of there factories blow up 
sooo e playful ensive! dx
"there should be an \i hate\"" button on facebook """
"we didn't come out of the stone age because we ran out of stones, so we should come out of the oil age even though we still have it "
finnaly i got ahold of that dude that keeps asking for <propfirst> escavar  i hope whatever company he calls from will stop now 
i hate it when i get a fortune cookie that just really sucks!
the end of school is closer than i thought  last full day is on tuesday and i'm bringing donuts tommorow  let us hope i don't have to walk to school 
had a party 7th period  it was awesome 
im working on my command voice  my sister says i sound like a seal  i listened to the recording she took and it sounds awesome!
"hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia- fear of \long words\why do doctors have to be so satirical? lol"
spending the night at san <propfirst>  it seems very diffrent here  it is extremely <propfemale> humid here 
can't remember were we parked!
the x-files are on  i haven't watched it in a long time 
facebook won't let me log on! it's driving me nuts!
there is a hell of alot of rain over here  the streets are flooded  i wonder how it's like in <propmale> 
"kfc is so disgusting, how can people eat there?!?"
shake down today  i can't wait till it's time to leave!
i'm leaving for sls today  i won't be back for a week  i feel like i'm forgeting something 
i'm finally back from sls  yay!!!
i want to buy a hell of alot of legos 
if anyone knows anybody that needs a babysitter please contact me 
yay i'm going to cici's
i just got the cosmic conection by <propfirst> sagan  and for a great price 
i've been sitting in the car doing absoulutly nothing but being retarded 
"in the words or sgt  brakston \pain is weakness leaving the body\"""""
nooooooo! its bearly friday!
just got my pay for the week! yay!
who wants to go to the movies to see dispicable me? and no im not paying for those of you who don't have money 
watching the blind side  so sad  crying 
happy 234th birthday <propfemale>  enjoy your freedom safely!
thank goodness for coffee or i would be flat on my face sleeping on the floor 
downtown looks awesome at night 
work is finnaly over  to bad when i get home there won't be anything to do   annoyed 
"ok\ here is your <propmale> you can tell me something you have always wanted to\ tell me or ask a question  i recommend using the inbox if you want to \keep it private, if not you can just write on my wall, or make a comment\ on this status  copy and paste this into your status and see what \happens "
yay new glasses!
i was doing some algebra  i actually found it fun  o o
sneaked into two movies yesterday and a friend of mine stole a hell of alot of snacks  yesterday was awesome 
moving next week  i can't wait 
obama is on the view  very weired 
i've been playing ultimate band with my brother and sister all night  freakin fun 
bout to go to sleep i got work tomorrow 
"jalapenos, lettuce, oreos, and cofee  why? i am not sure "
it looks yellow outside  very wierd 
got thinner all over my hand  it burned!
it still feels like summer 
the <propfemale> is big and bright even in times of hardship 
you can't be closer than that with somebody! the electro-magnetic properties of atoms won't allow it  i love being a nerd lol 
helping my little sister with algebra  i feel so nice   smile 
procrastinating is my favorite part about homework  lol
just finished my world history notes! yay!
i  love  trail mix
<propfirst> hotdog is my dog  add him on facebook
i feel like everything i did today was horrible 
from now on im giving 100 percent  im going to aim high  i'm not just aiming for top 10 percent im aiming for top 1 percent  nothing is gunna stop me!
woke up happy today  i have a feeling its going to be a wonderful day 
my brother just told me that i sleep talk entire conversations at night  weird 
laughing at thunder  lol
holy crap one driver was holding atleast 150 cars back 
i seriously need a haircut now lol 
just made a tumblr yay  i'll post a link tomorrow 
it may be unprecidented but its funny as heck 
ima get a haircut its going to be weird 
im about to go ballistic  jupiter is behind a tree!
i love rainy days   smile 
1234 merits lol 
"i made a tumblr last week check it out  \www paledot tumblr com"
darn you colarado! stop asking me for <propfirst> escavar!
<propfemale> happy! just saw jupiter and its moons 
everyone seems spiteful and bitter this week 
i wish everyone was excited about e playful loration and knowledge as we used to be in the 60s 
total <propfemale> vu moment just right now 
up in the air is a great movie  i would give it an a plus 
reality just hit me in the face like a ton of bricks  and it feels like it broke every bone in my body 
thought of an awesome drill routine hope i don't forget it 
i hate that im the only one who eats the healthy cereal 
we need another blackout  playing bs today was fun but i got carried away and people were staring at me after yelling for two minutes after i won 
its such a nice day 
someone ate my almondjoy  nooooooo!
it happens everyday and everyday i end up looking stupid 
i only got a couple more hours to come up with a poem!!! dx
"i can finally tell someone  \if you need me i'll be in the study \"" it makes me feel like a scholar from the classical <propfemale> """
reading a physics book instead of doing homework  lol
"there are two kinds of people in the world, those who split people into two groups and those who don't "
im confused  i burned through 80 pages of a physics book in about 1 5 hours but it takes me the same amount of time to get through 20 pages of world history 
next time i want my pancakes on a plate  :ö
oh my gatos!
the present is nothing but the infinitely short time period between the past and the future 
lol! 47% of americans think fossil fuels come from dinosaurs and 20% think it comes from uranium  49% of americans believe the space program is causing global warming with its rockets  americans are so ignorant   laugh 
its going to be a long night again 
i just learned why black holes do not violate the second law of thermodynamics  i love being a nerd  lol
"according to the oxford english dictionary \set\"" has the most definitions with 464 definitions """
"im so proud of myself im almost caught up with all my work even though i was behin in two chapters of whap, a chem lab, a french project, and some algebra "
i feel so much better in the mornings when i fall asleep early  good night peeps 
"crap, forgot about homework  ill do it over the weekend  u u"
"\most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them \"" <propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau"""
remember: with great power comes great current squared times resistance 
pb&j samich   smile 
in the study thinking   
it's going to be a nice weekend  smile 
going to ihop yay!
the fire place is so nicem
"everyone else cries when they watch titanic, but i tear up for apollo 13 "
im wearing my cape tomorrow  just letting you know 
can't wait to take my telescope out during the full <propfemale>  i should look at the sky charts tomorrow  i can't wait   smile 
most amazing sunset ever 
lo f'n l <propfemale> palin thiks she will win 2012  roflmfao!!!!! she's so clueless!!!!!
time to do ho ework for 6 hours  annoyed 
i hope to use my telescope tomorrow  but for tonight i must finish my work 
yes! finally done!
telescope time soon 
good time to look at the <propfemale> but its to bright to find procyon and find comet hartley  i should wait till 8 and look for jupiter 
telescope time!
i wish you could see this  and i cant take a picture of it either   annoyed 
darn you light pollution you blocked out a lot of refrence stars 
barnes and nobles and 1960 book fair 
im not sure if i should be happy or sad  don't ask why im not to sure of that either  im just conflicted 
"i just asked a police officer at the mall if i can take a picture of his hat and he said \no\""  then a minute later someone else asked him  lol"""
do me a favor look at the <propfemale> as soon as possible and admire it   smile 
did you know einstein was offered presidency of <propmale> in 1952?
<propmale> was appointed president of the <propmale> society becoming the first scientist to be knighted 
"finally finished reading \a brief history of time\"" and read the first 100 pages of contact  interesting book """
don't look for happiness; avoid pain 
i was hoping on finishing the book tonight but i got sidetracked and i just need a chapter and a half to finish section two  section three looks the shortest  the book is extremely interesting 
happy thanksgiving 
i cannot speak spanish so don't ask!
i just hade an extremely realstic dream  i was even able to taste things 
had a completely realistic but impossible dream  i can still remember most of it  i should write it down 
just noticed there was a tree missing in the front yard 
"i hate the fact that i watch the news and find it interesting and can't find anybody else who watches it  i bet most of you can't even guess what palestine told <propmale> about jerusalem, or south korea's view on korean-chinese diplomatic relations "
i learned how to conjugate in french but forgot how to do it in english  lol
"q: what would <propfirst> do?\a: what ever the hell he wants!"
<propfemale> <propmale> is beast 
"does anybody have any ideas about the x-37b? its an air force unmanned space-plane that landed at vandenburg, california  it apparently spent 7 months in orbit around the earth performing a classified mission "
finally changed it! who didn't love catdog?!?
god id hate to know what the neighbors think of us 
pibb xtra does actually taste like spicy <propfemale>  it also has that dentist after taste if you keep it in your mouth too long 
"i look a mess  screwed up tie, messed up hair, wrinkled shirt, and im limping  im so glad no one is around to see lol!"
"just after the us south korean war games japan and the us are arranging some as well china is wary of having foreign navies off its shores\according to japan's defense ministry, 34,100 japanese personnel, 40 \vessels and 250 aircraft from japan's ground, maritime and air \self-defense forces will take part, along with 10,400 troops, 20 ships \and 150 aircraft from the u s  military "
"because i can, cause no one can stop me, because it makes up for the things i lost, because i'm addicted to bad ideas and all the beauty in this world "
its impossible to make everyone happy  i learned this while redoing my flights seating chart 
"pirates and bank robbers,\not lawyers and ceos,\stock brokers ain't your heros!"
i always tax the poor in simcity to get <propmale> houses  now i feel bad because i just visited a place i used to live  a lot of memories  good thing that its just a computer 
its nice and <propfemale> out  what a nice night 
just finished at wreaths across <propfemale>  unfortunately my mom is lost 
just finished watching fraiser  lol it was hilarous  good night people 
"i remember that i had a dream last night, i just can't remember what it was about  "
"you know what i'm going to do it  i've figured out what i wan't to do now  i ant to <propmale> in aerospace engineering learn french and go work at toulouse  that seems like such a nice life  seems kind of hard to get to, but i don't care "
"<propfemale> grammer did sideshow bobs voice on the simpsons, did anyone know about this?"
i've competely checked out of school  u u has anybody else?
guess who's wearing a top hat tomorrow!
it feels so late 
geminids meteor shower tonight  i wish there wasn't any light pollution in <propmale> 
cheif gave me a complement! now my life is complete! lol
seriously! every single day at 7pm i feel like its almost 11pm 
the stars are out! and little light pollution  ima start sky watching in the morning from now on!
i just saw victorian children  it was so awesome!
i bought napkins with my first initial on them!  laugh 
<propfirst> <propmale> is interviewing himself! lol
"oreos are awesome!\unless you just eat the stuff inside, then it taste disgusting  dx"
it finally feels like 10   smile 
awesome foxtrot christmas party!
i didnt complete my goal  crap and i was going to do it  but i had little <propmale>   sad 
"knowledge is power  unfortunately with this knowledge you have the power to suffer not only for your losses, but for others as well "
"your car is japanese  your vodka is russian  your pizza is italian  your kebab is turkish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is brazilian  your movies are american  your tea is tamil  your shirt is indian  your oil is saudi arabian  your electronics are chinese  your <propfirst> arabic, your letters latin  and you complain that your neighbour is an immigrant? copy if you're against racism "
5:20 am  yeah!
we sat in the car just to listen to a prarie home companion  so hilarous   laugh 
lol! ketchup 
lost in someone elses neighbirhood    lol
watching planes fly through orion and towards jupiter  i hope they don't fall to the ground lol 
40% of <propfemale>ns still believe in creationism  why is <propfemale> so culturally and socially backwards as well as most of the world?
nights like tonight always get me thinking about the future 
its seems so bright out  too bad its cloudy  i guess ill have to wait a couple more years for the next full eclipse 
not sure if its cloudy wherever you are but if it is sorry about keeping you up to be dissapointed  maybe itll be clear by the time the <propfemale> is coming back 
holes in cloudes are passing by  the <propfemale> is already halfway covered by the earth's shadow 
clouds are starting to thin out  you're going to enjoy the view if you can see the <propfemale> 
the <propfemale> now looks orange 
i feel bad for people who are missing this  there is still quite some time  check it out!
i can imagine all the people in the neighborhood sleeping in their beds right now  having whatever dreams they are having that they will soon forget 
total eclipse is over and now its back to the partial eclipse to those who missed it 
clouds came back  still got to see the eclipse though  it was awesome!
"the holidays are a time to feel good, put aside your problems, and do what you feel like  i hope you enjoy your break! \happy holidays!"
"don't go around telling people i'm carrying around a knife! they'll call the cops  besides it was a joke   \\jk i don't have one anyway lol "
"once again  god, i'd hate to know what the neighbors think "
i just noticed christmas is this weekend lol  i feel late   
"tu connais la fille la bas?\non qui est?\elle s'appalle <propfemale> savard \\i remember french 1  laugh \time goes by to quickly "
just had a dream about harvesting energy from rain 
everyone in the house is depresed! lol  oh wait thats not funny   
randomly found my baseball cap 
the table is ready for christmas <propfemale> dinner  i can't wait!
good night people i didnt talk to all day 
lol at fantastic mr  fox!
its so nice and cold outside  and its raining   laugh 
ima get add and cancer and whatever else red #40 gives you  apparently some food coloring is made from petroleum 
"my brother just told me i had the face to palm \why am i still alive?\"" face  lol"""
wine makes it feel a little bit like christmas   smile 
happy holidays everyone! enjoy your break and families  if you get in a fight go apoligize  even if its not your fault  its the holidays and a time for family 
"i feel so weird  i was wearing dress clothes several minutes ago; complete with tie, shirt, coat, and everything  now i'm in pt shorts and an adventure time shirt  algebraic man!"
got a bunch of dress shirts and ties for christmas  best christmas ever!
going ice skating with the family today  yay!
had a fun evening skating  too bad we had to leave early  still a good day   laugh 
"i was the only person skating with  a tie, fedora, and dress shirt  lol"
good night <propfemale> stuff 
support small buisness  it doesn't matter if its a sandwich shop or the guy who sells logs and oranges out of his truck  so go and buy from small buisness  also get your crack from independent dealers!  smile  it helps the economy 
oh how i love my hats  c:
watching rugrats lol  haven't watched it in a long time 
liein to someone about how i went to russia for the past six days  lol  laugh 
"i wish i could sleep right now, but i know when i wake up its going to be the same routine  maybe i'll go for a walk in the morning or something "
"well the weather outside is frightful,\but the coffee is so delightful,\and we have nothing to keep us war, \let us drink, let us drink, let us drink \\goodnight everyone and happy holidays!"
i dont plan on dressing as nicely tomorrow as i did today 
wearing my brown cap for my birthday tomorrow 
"i've heard several thousands of birds, fish, and crabs are dropping dead around the world  i wonder what might be causing it "
went ice skating today  ice started to get very un-smooth and fell at the end  lol it was still fun anyway 
oh no! i'm out of trail mix!
aiming for 95's on my next two finals and i'll have all a's for the semester 
one day it will be one bon mot to many 
anyone want to buy dog-tags?
woke up at 5 took a shower and did homework for the rest of the time  crappy morning  can't wait to finish 
the drowsy chaperone was okay  had some funny jokes  felt like it was eager to end  also it had an intermission that wasn't needed 
ahhhhhhhh! never do something important in the early morning!
wtf! my power went out!
i just heard on the news that people are fighting eachother in egypt  when did this start? yesterday it was peaceful 
today had lunch with an old friend  great day just like old times  i wish it could happen more often 
for those of you who think nasa gets too much of our taxes think again  only half a <propfemale> of each persons taxes goes to nasa 
"finally finished everything i needed to do today, took me the whole day  time for a break   laugh "
played the x-files resist or serve game tonight  old games are great  so are the x-files 
you are more likely to die in a bike(1 in 4147) accident then in a plane accident(1 in 5862)  also more likely to die in a car passenger accident(1 in 272)  and from falling(1 in 184)  as well as a car accident of any kind(1 in 85)  so if you are brave enough to drive a car you should be able to get on a plane without thinking that you will die 
is feeling randomly accomplished 
<propfirst> beck is such an idiot  lol!
i have a problem with closing doors now 
day started off bad  was almost good  then i ruined it  should just keep my mouth shut 
wow what a week! horrible! so glad it's over  actually today was a better day  still a bad one but better 
the republic of moldova is the drunkest country in the world with 19 2 liters per capita of liquor 
raise the taxes! its better then ending up a third world country!
found my wallet!
orchestra concert was nice  good luck at chicago peoples 
going out of town  yay
back in <propmale>! yay!
making toast  mmmmmmmm   
so i looked at a kf yearbook from 25 years ago  everyone used to look like teenagers  now everyone looks like children 
whap notes! i have conquered you!
a tsunami just hit japan and will hit hawai'i in 20 minutes and may hit the west coast 
i wonder if the people around us are on the same journey we are on 
trip to san <propfirst> is going good  large party last night  gunna take a shower in half an hour now 
why didnt anyone tell me its thursday! someone invite me to do something tomorrow 
getting a haircut soon  i've waited long enough 
just saw the super <propfemale> through the telescope with  my sister and her friend 
anybody else winning this morning?
forgot to do chapter notes again  dx  i know what im doing ove the weekend   
really starting to hate how my long weeks are stretching into my weekends which overlap into the next week creating long periods of nothing but working to stay afloat  i'm really hoping for a break  i'm pretty sure i'm going to use it to catch up though 
there are almost 7 billion people with us on this earth  just thought you should know 
are you bi-polar? i'm bi-winning!
