d432c18a244dc3e32595178be6eb428d
happy zombie jebus day!
"oh, i would while away the hours, wanking in the flowers, my heart all full of song, i'd be guilding all the lillies as i waved about my <propfirst>"
"so i just saw on tv that disney is working with miley <propmale>' little sister who is 10, will be releasing a little girls lingere line!! what is wrong with people?"
so get ready!! momma's big night out coming to gibby's this saturday night only! come one come all and see this momma shake her booty 
had a great time out last night  felt pretty rough for morning feeding though  thank goodness for asprin and gatorade!
monday monday  i kinda feel like mama cass  that philly cheese is calling my name 
hey pretty lady!
"grandma and grandpa parry will be here tonight! good thing i cleaned the house, even found time to wash the baby and myself "
"gosh wednesdays should be illegal! there is nothing but guilty pleasure shows on  abdc, antm, fly girls, and high society! good thing <propfirst> works nights!"
happy earth day! thanks mother earth!
it's amazing how happy baby squeals make you 
go red wings!
so i added a <propfemale> parry that i've never met to my friends  wonder if she'll accept  what a crazy world 
red wings are in the playoffs baby! nothing like being a wings fan in avalanche country! going to have to bust out the flag!
"gosh, it's cold today! we're just going to cuddle and watch movies  lazy day "
so my money is on devilmaycare  let's see how this goes 
i swear to god if i hear someone say swagger again i will bitch slap them back to 2004!
"dear little baby jesus, thank you so much for the angels that skate on the ice against san <propfirst>! please let them continue to kick some mighty butt! thanks man!"
momma has a job  start tomorrow  daddy is going to have to get up early 
need sleepy 
"grrr cranky lady alert! one f ing thing after another today! anybody want dogs, baby, and husband? i'm running away!"
having a pity party! god i need a drink 
today was a much better day! whew thank goodness for that 
"so the wildfire in mi has me worried i can't get ahold of my folks, so cross youer fingers and hope that they are safe "
"offically ready for my weekend getaway! have summer reading too, pride prejudice and zombies!"
<propfirst> is 4 months old today! he went to the dr  for his shots  poor baby is so tired and cranky now  22 more days till he gets to go to michigan!
you save what you love  you love what you know  and you only know what you're taught  learn something today 
r i p  mr  hopper  hope heaven is fit for an easy rider 
stay at home and cuddle or go to drive-in? tough choices for a sunday!
"had a dream that i was hired at a clinic with <propmale> <propmale>, <propfirst> dicaprio, and <propmale> hawke as doctors  mmm would love to work there "
"so littleton may not have the dream drs, but it is still my dream clinic  cross your fingers i need this job!!"
"cheese and rice!! i have never had to ask to speak to a manager before today  i felt like such a prick for doing it, but they were so rude to me  grr"
yawn    lazy day! come on thunderstorms make it cool down 
i have an interveiw monday  thank you all for all the good thoughts!
so i just got back from that interveiw  gosh i miss working for a living  the dr was really nice  i'll hear whether or not by wednesday  too long i wanna know!
"baby, we were never meant to be, we just happened  sometimes love comes around, just get back up when it knocks you down "
"leavin' on a jet plane  just have to clean house, do laundry and pack  michgan here we come!"
sometimes i feel like an analog girl in a digital world 
"so i'm back from michigan  time went by to fast  thinking about going back in the fall  glad to see my family, as well as <propfemale> and <propfirst> "
so i am interveiwing for the 3rd time at littleton today  please oh please let them see that i belong there 
"i got the job! i got the job! yes oh yes, i got the job! hold on, i peed a little! oh oh oh i got the job!"
i solemnly swear to fill out the application for jeopardy contestants  you guys you can say you knew me when 
the only movie worth seeing this summer: inception
indiana jones and the last crusade  nuff said!
finished my first day! i love working!
"twilight's like soccer  they run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans insist you just don't understand ~brett erlich"
"strong finish to my first week! now 3 days to recoup, then a week in the feild with a new dr  should be fun!"
i love used book stores! i picked up a editors copy of a the last hero by <propfirst> pratchett complete with corrections to be made for $4!! easily worth 100x that!!
"worst 4th ever! hubby is working, it's raining, and no one answers my phone calls  hmm should clean the house before we interveiw for babysitters tomorrow  boo!"
"i know a lot of you are unhappy with the rainy and chilly day, but i am loving it! i can't tell you how unbearable it is to do a lameness exam on a hot day!"
"<propfirst> vedder mmmm would love to spread that <propfemale> jam on my toast! can it really be 15 years since i bought that album? crap, am i getting old? no, no way "
"another 96+ degree day  luck me i have the day off, but i have to work tomorrow when it's supposed to be 100+  oh joy "
"horseshoes, bass pro shop, and a double feature of inception and eclipse! i love date day with my boys  no if i jist didn't have to work in the morning   "
just started and finished neverwhere by <propmale> gaiman  then i find out bbc made it into a six episode mini-series that i can watch on netflix  oh happy day!
i have reason to believe we all will be received in graceland 
i feel a canary in coal mine  i get dizzy walking in a straight line 
it's friday and i have a babysitter! what is going on tonight!
so my husband has been sqealing like a girl all day because <propfirst> elway brought his dog in last night  what a dork!
i just found out the the largest treatment center for mental illness is   wait for it    the los <propfemale> county jail!
sorry fb friends busy busy busy  i promise picture from boo at the zoo  have a safe and happy halloween!
finding myself getting around on a hope and a swear 
"i didn't even have to use my ak, i got to say today was a good day "
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes! you all make my life so <propmale>! lots of love  cait
using technical terms- he's a son of a bitch!
remember no man is a failure who has friends! <propfemale> christmas everyone!
br-br-breakfast! then off to the stock show  hope everyone stays warm and safe!
<propfirst> is 1 today! yes sir i kept a human alive for a whole year!
finished test 1 to be on jeopardy! <propfirst> is going to be calling me up any day now 
"just got out of \i am number four\""  great date night with the ladies!"""
the robot overlords are coming  thought i'd let you know now so you're not all suprised and sad when we are harvested for a cheap energy source 
"if you have a voice in your ear telling you it is a good idea to go see red riding hood, grab the nearest pencil and insert it until you feel brain matter "
27 fires in colorado already this month  they just evacuated the colorado horse park  please keep those effected in your thoughts
going to the er  20 hours with a dislocated knee is long enough  it's so weird being at the patient end of a hospital trip 
today is one of those days that makes me believe if it weren't for bad luck i'd have no luck at all 
appointment with ortho surgeon tomorrow at 9 
"pity party at my place all day  just got the results from my mri  buckled and torn my medial meniscus, torn my lateral meniscus, and i have a torn acl  please bring a bag of money and copious amounts of alcohol  see you there "
