c6674529856b004b6ef407666b1d1d98
"some like it hot    not me, when its cold you can always put on more cloths, if i take off any more i might get into trouble!"
work  work  and more work 
escaped ga for the night    is going to sc really an escape?
no no really i am out    out of my mind!!!! lol
mmmmmm    hydrocodone is yummy 
"how come when you are a kid and you lose your teeth you get paid, but when you lose your teeth you have to pay   and whats worse is you end up in the red "
banana bread time 8-)
shut up you bloody vikings!
i is tarrried!
ok i am bored
giving goverment power and money is like giving a teenage boy a bottle of wiskey and car keys 
it is saturday night and i am in desperate need of my poker buddys
obama's approval rating = 48%  population that pays no federal income tax = 48%  ya gotta love that one 
is having a verrrrry cold day 
"if it starts to snow in ga, while you are cooking your christmas feast do you still drop everything to run out and buy all the bread and milk you can get your hands on???"
"dr  maulana karenga, professor and chairman of black studies at california state university, long beach, created kwanzaa in 1966  you gotta love that traditional african holiday from where? and dating back to when? gay kwanzaa ya'll"
calling all slackers club members! you know who you are!
my feet are cold 8(
sticks and stones may break my bones but the pen is mightier than the sword 
oh the joys of pulling my engine apart in the cold and the rain  8 hrs and counting   3 trips to the parts store and counting 
"word of advice if you are going to work an a car for 3 days do it with friends, it is much better that way "
you have to love a hand grenade 
so the health care <propmale> passed     i feel sick already!!!
its snowing    oh wait     is snow suppose be yellow when it is falling?
whats the pollen count today 29? higher 64? higher! oh 29   64   and i thought the charts    stopped at 120?
the pollen is blocking out the sun!!!
i swear pollen doesn't bother me     so long as it stays on its charts!!!
ok now i am bored!!!
pollen in the atl should be measured in inches not parts per sq in!
yes i am still on a pollen kick 
ok now i am 1 sheet to the wind and a little less bored 
i just found my old sat night jazz station    bringing back memories
ok try to follow my now    so when did the right trick the left into thinking it was the right so they could clam the left for them selves and fool the people that changing back is a good thing?
if i am talking to people on facebook and drining does that count as drinkng alone???
??? if i am the only one commenting on my own post does that mean that i am talking to my self??? lol
"ok i have gone to far,,, i can't track all of my train of thoughts any more lol"
party foul!!! about to go to bed and i still have a half glass of drink left 
ok all my popcorn is gone i think it is time for bed    any takers?
there is nothing new under the sun 
"hoping to make a habit of my porch, live seems to slow down with a good book and great music, who will join me?"
"all the world's a colosseum,and all the men and women merely gladiators; \ are you not entertained?"
ok who is up for a couple rounds?
life is never quite what you e playful ect 
time to hit the reset button on my brain 
what to do? what to do? pity the ladies in waiting    pity the gentlemen too!
"??? if you take someone at their word you are naive, but if you doubt them you are a cynic???"
    --    -                -      -    - ---      -  -  -  -  -- - --  -    - - --
    -  -                 -       -  - -     -    -      - 
     ---  --  - -  --- --    -  --- -    --- -   - --         - -  --- --   -  -    -  --  --- -  --  - --  --    - - - --   --  ---     -  - -  - -- -- ---  --  
- -- ---   -  - - -  ---  --     - --     -  -  -  -    -  --   - --- --    -   --   -    - - --  --  --- -    - -  -- ---       - -  --- -   - --
look out pacific <propfemale>'s blow your socks off 
ok its 8pm on my night off  who is going to bring some beer over and <propfemale>?
go tigers!!!
go tigers!!!
go tigers!!!
"locked my self out of work, car keys included, i took me 45 <propfemale> to break back in     i must be slipping "
some times haveing a week night off is great!!!
should i shave my head?
so the i's have it 
what should i do tonight???
it's been a hard days night!!!
it's 5 o'clock some where!!!
i is $25 dollars an hour worth staying up 24 hrs
time to make the donuts 
think fast  who is up for a beer?
ok plan b  buy 2 get 10 free!!!
falling asleep at work  lol
"great, now i want fish and chips "
my phone just got a whole lot cooler!
"eating a <propfemale> pie and a rc <propmale>    it's a southern thing, you would not understand "
i really hate when people waste my time  its starting to get old 
"ok, off to work  blah"
i swear was just attacked by the monster of caerbannog cave!!!
when life shuts a door    smash a window!
wow! the day is really dragging on 
"news radio, one of the all time funniest shows "
one more hour!!!!
"its far to early    or is it late, i am not sure "
ok mom just got bonus cool points when she told me i should scalp the oktoberfest tickets that i could not get the attendants to take from me when we entered 
"if i agreed with you, we'd both be wrong "
knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom >is not putting it in a fruit salad 
"the early bird might get the worm, but the >second mouse gets the cheese "
"there are a hundred places where i fear to go - so with her memory they brim  and entering with relief some quiet place where never fell her foot or shone her face i say, 'there is no memory of her here!' and so stand stricken, so remembering her "
"time does not bring relief; you all have lied who told me time would ease me of my pain! i miss her in the weeping of the rain; i want her at the shrinking of the tide; the old snows melt from every mountain-side, and last year's leaves are smoke in every <propfirst>; but last year's bitter loving must remain heaped on my heart, and my old thoughts abide "
i owe i owe so off to work i go 
who wants to go to dinner?
that was a fowl ball!!!
losted?
i think i just made a mistake!!!
is at <propfirst> highway taco <propmale> til midnight thirty
and all is right with the world    well almost 
i think my evening plans have just been washed away 
oct 8 thrashers first game     who is in ?
the political idealogy quiz -- my result: very conservative  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 14397 referrals status?aid=642118773
wow we get really busy at work when it rains    i just got a 20 <propfemale> nap in 
not sure how you day walkers do it 
spent the last 10 minuts looking for my keys  i found them on the hook where they belong!?!
to six flags or not to six flags that is the ?
not sure if i can do this any more?
what shall i make for dinner?
i feel like i am late to work 
only 8 more hrs
its almost nap thirty!!!
nap time!!! pillow you are my best friend 
"you know that if you are tired of hearing me say that i have to go to work, then you know i am tired of having to go     12 years down 34 to go  lol"
"liquoir,wine, and beer remebeer that and you will say happy "
i am looking forward to my saturday off!  smile 
well the rest of my day is shot    time to regroup and figure something else out 
less then 12 hrs and comcast is already in hot water!!!
the evil business agenda: to make money  side affect=create jobs   the evil goverment agenda:raise corperate taxs to make business pay there fair share of social programs  side affect= businesses move jobs and componies over seas 
"like tarzan swinging on vines through the the jungle, so i go swinging from job to job though my day "
one hour left     i wonder if it will be the last hour?
i passed!!!!!!
i am so very cold 
@<propfirst> hwy taco <propmale> 
change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same  the point of the game? to have no human faces on facebook only childhood memories by monday to fight child abuse  copy and paste to spread the word 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable & in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy & paste this b c they have already been eaten by dragons, 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers & 1% are awesome & will repost it "
@ the timbers   just wow! lol
"gotta love conflict, especially when it is with yourself "
@ jazz bar drinking martinis and dancing
to bed at 2 up by 5     it is going to be a fun day 
home at last!!!
the pass is closed     we will have to wait till the spring thaw 
nap time !!!!!
wishing i was at church    glad i have a job 
ok now i am just cold 
"the world can be changed by one person who see's an problem, and then does something about it "
my neck is killing me today 
speaking at a high level on the base subject still leaves  you in the gutter  
my pollen is out today   mariae spring everyone  
was  off the grid all day and the world did not fall apart 
"the braves are tied for first place in the nl east, and the best record in baseball!!!!!!!"
no one else has played yet and detroit is already at in last place  lol
"i love hockey season, but thank god baseball is back "
i seem to make the same mistake over and over again  i pray that i never learn my lesson 
wow    just wow 
