0d5885bed4a779d85b6ed8131f07c4c8
is turning in for the night in davenport iowa  i made awesome time today
"i got in last night @ 9, yayyy!! bresnan sets up internet on tuesday, until then i'll have very limited access to internet so txt me"
two more classes left today! not having internet @ home is killing me  sad 
no classes 2morro! i love friday  smile 
is @ the laundromat - internet @ home in 3 days!!! i can't wait
i have internet!!!!
"just got back from taco tuesday!!! but, has 1 more class 2day, ugh"
my last class = 75 minutes of my life that i'll never get back
"two classes on thursday, then hello weekend!!!!!!"
the weekend is here - yayyyyyy!!!!!! now what?
i'm goin out!!
"i had an awesome night, btw thanks <propmale> for thinking about us before heading out of town   "
goin out again!!!
all good things must come to an end - including this weekend i guess  sad 
"class @ 11, argh! back to the grind  annoyed "
"woke up 15 minutes ago, i wonder what the day has in store for me   "
taco tuesday!!!!! then class til 9 smile 0  annoyed 
first public speaking speech @ noon!
my speech isn't till monday! wtf
's computer will be undergoing scheduled maintenance between the hours of 8 smile 0 and 10 surprise 0 pm mdt    if you need me call or txt
had an awesome thirsty thursday    to be continued tomorrow
"funny the way it is if you think about it, somebody's going hungry someone else is eating out  funny the way it is, not right or wrong, somebody's heart is broken and it becomes your favorite song"
going out   
"on board i'm the captain so climb aboard we'll search for tomorrow on every shore and i'll try, oh lord, i'll try to <propfemale> on   "
kids these days    
23-17 giants! yeah baby!
midnight run to walmart!!!
mission accomplished
is it still only monday???  sad 
tuesday = meh
is already thinking about friday's dinner
figures i'd get sick just in time for the weekend f m l  annoyed 
"that was an intense final 4 seconds, yeah tynes!!!"
is totally psyc'd that <propfirst> is gonna be here in a few hours!!!
is leaving for <propmale> to pick up <propfirst>!
why does everyone except me have off for yom kippur? i'm jewish!!!!
"is not looking forward to spending 2 hours of my evening in class, i wanna enjoy what looks like the last decent weather day of the year - its 68 out!"
"speech no  2 tomorrow,,, wish me luck!"
why the hell am i up at this ungodly hour of the morning?
well this has been a day full of ups and downs   at least tomorrow starts the weekend   hopefully i'll be in a more pleasant mood in the morning
"feeling very introverted today,,, don't wanna go to english and talk about abstract concept mapping for an hour, @ least the teacher's going to cut class early by 1 2 hour :-\\"
all you jersey people have no idea what you're missing: the tumbleweed is beautiful this time of year  smile 
"when the world ends collect your things you're coming with me, when the world ends you tuckle up yourself with me, watch it as the stars disappear to nothing, the day the world is over we'll be lying in bed   "
"actually had a productive day for once despite it being saturday! <propmale> and i changed 2 tie rods on my jeep, it's not gonna fall apart while i'm driving! yay!!!"
"a good day followed by a long night,,, i'm going to bed so i can be up to see the giants beat kansas city 2morrow  smile "
well tonight well tonight will it ever come? spend the rest of your days rocking out just for the dead well tonight will it ever come? i can see you awake anytime in my head 
woke up a half hour ago and its 31 out    time for the carhartt
is growing more and more insane by the hour and music class is not going to help
"its 60 degrees out and beautiful - inside, a tornado just ripped everything apart, it's all upside down"
"freedom is the gift of the self, to the self, and it is given and received best when the self is alone - <propfirst> spence"
"can't believe i got a 74 on my second speech,,, i suck"
"one of my teachers has pink eye, 2 3 classes cancelled today = time to catch up on work"
"lunch, clean the apartment, then homework,,, my life is so interesting"
ever set your alarm clock to pm instead of am? fml
might be getting sick again    break out the bleach!
just booked my flights home in december! txt if you wanna know details
this game is terrible; i'm gonna go do laundry  annoyed 
chinese food and clean laundry; i'm ready to take on the world
"just hacked up phlegm on my trackpad,,, ewww!!!!"
so class just got cancelled b c like 5 people showed up  don't waste my gas people!
"rip <propfirst> : ( i miss you already  you were the definition of commitment, and nobody can ever be as good as you were "
"cheers <propfirst>, this one's for you  crying "
"ok, theres between 4 and 6 inches of snow on the ground right now, still snowing since last night, and the interstate is closed    can someone please e playful lain to me why i still have school today??? wtf?"
and the snow just keeps piling up   
"my laptop has been stuck in a fedex facility for 3 days now b c i-80 is closed, and i'm wondering if i'll ever see it again   "
miracle of miracles!!! my laptop is back!!!
off to class    again  annoyed 
yankees!!!!!!!!! woot!
my jeep is such a piece             not happy
"i'm done with football,,, this is becoming pathetic"
"so a little person just won on the price is right,,,, they basically let her win  where do you draw the line with cripple pity???"
and in other news we're getting snow tonight and tomorrow night!!!
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works"
"cable is out at home = no internet & no idea when its gonna come back to life, thank god for mobile updates"
academic reinstatement meeting for fall 2010 @ uw    wish me luck!!!
i'm in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dinner @ <propfemale>'s then im celebrating!!!
"ugh, laundry"
the events of last night necessitate me aquiring a new pillow    enough said
the fray is performing @ uw tonight!!!
sitting at phx waiting for my flight back to <propmale>
back in laramie after a long day of traveling  home in 3 weeks!!!
very proud of myself; just convinced bresnan to give me free dvr for the next 9 months
it's snowing sideways! fml!!!
last speech is done!!! now for the dreaded english paper   
classes are complete   three exams to go
exams in public speaking @ noon and sociology @ 4 -- let the fun begin!
"done!!!!!!! one more day in this town then i\m coming home!!!!!!"""
one more day in jersey    break was absolutely amazing but way too short
"26 days just like that   later jersey, i gotta start an awesome semester - see everyone in may!  look out wyoming! here i come!"
back in laramie safely  getting settled in today and tomorrow   class starts on thursday! bring it on!
just finished re-arranging my room!
beefcake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 annoyed  just got back from colorado springs on a wing and a prayer   annoyed   took 6 hours   annoyed  something must be done about my jeep  annoyed 
nothings ever easy
doing laundry and having fun with ms access    i have no life
92 3 now just shouted out to wyoming thanks to me!!! woot!!!
"bored at school, hour till lit class  then home, food, watching the state of the union address, homework, then bed - i have such an interesting life"
feels freezing with a splitting headache    i don't wanna be sick
oh excedrin - what would i do without you?
it's another tylenol pm night unfortunatly  l8r
i hate being sick
has a lot of work to do and doesn't feel like doing much of anything  i'm going to the doctor tomorrow  annoyed 
some penicillin is going to clear it right up  playful 
no weekend for me  sad 
happy 100th birthday bsa! --- unlike most 100 year old things you're still going strong  smile 
"wow, the new angels and airwaves album is absolutely amazing    if it can't put you in a good mood nothing will  smile "
i hate lawwndry
taco tuesday!
one month + 2 days = pure hell
"working at coe because the cable company thought today would be a good day to make command central out of my bedroom    theres about 15,000 wires coming through a new hole in my wall right now"
taco tuesday!
az in 5 days!!!!!!
spring breakkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all ready for phoenix!!!
my flight is delayed a half hour
: |
taco tuesday!!!!
how the hell is it 91 back home and 33 here ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so today starts off anticlimactic, lets see how bad it can get "
"verizon is being retarded all over co and southern wy,,, for the time being aim or fb chat!!!"
is tired of snow in what is now almost may
do you know how long i've been waiting for this day???
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes and special thanks to my friends who shared in the day - yoous guys are awesome!
hates jambo ppl - none of you know how to fold a friggin tent or clean up after yourselves - you all suck
dts for the first time in a while
"dear pennsylvania, you suck at road construction! ive just encountered my 5th on i80 and they each take 20 friggin minutes to get through  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
"when there's a fork in the road, take it "
southwest airlines boarding group thing is retarded - i checked in exactly 24 hours prior to departure - almost to the second - and apparently 43 people are quicker at clicking their mouse than i
arizona = absolutely perfect - not a care in the world (for at least the next 5 days)    never looked forward to a change of scenery as much as now  smile ))
back in frigid laramie
we're like two birds in a tree
stop the presses: its saturday night and i did my homework
watching nazi ufo conspiracy on the planet green channel      no friggin clue
i got a haircut! is tmz going to do a report on me too???
omg i know how to subnet!!!!!!!!!!!!
