ea5481f0ca3260d4323b04de53fad50d
oil spill
who wants to go see the devil wears prada and miss may i with me on either august 13th or august 14th? let me know whats best for you so i can take the day off  it's at the social     so yea   love 
"one of my favorite bands, 3oh3! has a new cd  if you like white boys trying there hand at rapping check it out  it's called streets of gold "
dude  my cable sucks  logo's always down  sad  i miss my people 
supposedly when i take you to melbourne i try to crash my car and jump out with vodka and a flamethrower  i know i'm awesome  smile 
anyone want to go to busch gardens with me and my roommates on thursday?
down to 180  only thirty more pounds until i reach my goal of 150!
"now clap your hands to the sound of first borns dying now  *clap, clap, clap* shit i'm still here      maybe next time oli "
my car smells like vomit! it's awesome!!!!
kegger? kegger!
"iwrestledabearonce just released \it's all happening\"" deluxe  pick that shit up bitches!"""
creeeeeaaaam!
(and i will) be there when you get home and i will be there when you become all you hate all you hate when you become you have to see the floor
playing the original starcraft? hellz to the yeaz!
<propfemale> ellison got a dui     awesome!
ahhh! my kitten's trying to eat my arm!
i hate wal-mart  but i just got a raise    so yay!
got aim  msg me at agatg4life
"we’ve planted a seed, an ever growing wonder to a beautiful tree  grow each branch outstretched and different from the last where the old have broken, some easier than the last the right ones have grown in to fill in the gaps and all are equal in love and trust "
i'm part of a proud and extremely happy group of people  we are recruiting! join up now or die when we take over   smile 
i fucking hate walmart and customers
how do you e playful lain all the dead unicorns?
why do you get me when no one else does?
the gay man's guide to loving <propfirst> bush    really?
gay republicans deserve to be happy    well some of them do    well this one seems nice 
no more nabil? i set my friends on fire won't be the same ever again    and of course he leaves like three weeks before i see them live for the first time  fuck epitaph    seriously 
i'm sorry angel  i guess i like <propmale> more than i thought i would  love 
"hey angel, where the cockroach at? i think he's staring at you again lol"
"i fucking hate <propmale> the conqueror     seriously, if you are that much of a pussy, then why ride the rides??? i'm scared of heights    seriously? then don't jump off the building, stfu and go cry yourself to sleep "
would you go to malaysia for me?
"hopefully i'm gonna go to sleep  otherwise, i'll prbly be on all night lol "
"there was a barber and his wife, and he was beautiful, a real proper artist with a knife but they transported him for life  love "
listening to i was once possible maybe perhaps a cowboy <propmale> and am so fucking stoked for thrash and burn it hurts 
opertain repo is fucking hilarious 
i love trolling profiles and seeing those freaky man women suicidal emos    makes my day 100 peeercent better 
anger <propmale>     i don't know what language that is but you best tell me or i'm gunna keeeel you  love 
i'm getting a hair cut    noooo 
"so excited  i got a job interview tomorrow!!!!! and then on sunday, warped tour!!!"
theres a bitch in my living room and i luv her!  love 
i got the job!
"oh yea, btw  i don't have any hair anymore    like at all  it totally sucks  and i'm not posting a new pic for a while cuz    i miss my hair  frowny "
not if cat jaw has something to do with it!!!
"is excited to start orientation on wednesday, and then work 40 hours in training!"
whos going to see <propfemale> lampenelli in november?
"anyone know where warped tour is for sure? on the tickets it says firestone lot, online it's now saying central florida fairgrounds but on the firestone website it still says warped tour    "
children are just abortions who eat lol
warped tour tomorrow!!!!
i just wanted to let all you bitches and hos know that you ain't no family 
bitch looks like she has a wig on  why would you die your hair that colour when you're so pale? somebody needs to slap some sense into her before she's bald 
almost time to leave  yay! the breakfast of champions will be very soon!
"warped tour was fucking amazing  that's all i gotta say  if you weren't there, i really feel bad for you "
oh goodness the christians are reproducing again! why oh why can't they just use a condom       
loves seeing bands that sucked the last three times you saw them and then they put on an amazing show and completely turn around how you felt about them!
"goodnight all my facebook fans  i love you all  well, except for a few  and you know who you are   love   love   love   love "
"there is no possible way you could drive your rocket car over that, sir "
"i'm about to go crazy with nerves  i got that orientation thingy 2m and i'm like sooo nervous  they're e playful ecting so much out of me and i don't know if i can deliver  oh well, we'll find out 2m "
"dude, every one needs to calm down about this lady gaga illuminati thing  i'm so sorry i even said anything, i was joking and now i've got like five people freaking out at me, saying i ruined gaga for them and blah blah blah  i was freaking kidding! people on the internet are crazy  don't read too much on what they say "
"why are we looking for apartments again? we're under lease  answer: cuz i found this fucking book, stfu  heh?"
what movie should i see salt or inception?
i keeel you!
"angel, we're halfway there on the money situation!"
i have 24 kids and 23 grandkids    wtf! stop havin babies  idiot
"angel <propmale>, thank you for getting me back into a softer world!"
if anyone knows tristen in titusville let her know that <propfirst> is going to kick her fucking ass  you don't do that to my friend  never  and if you know where she stays let me know  becuase this shit is real and a motherfucker is going to die 
"just realized that i sold my 360 to preorder the new halo reach special edition one, and all of my saved games are gone     god damn i'm fucking retarded when i'm tired "
he looks like batman  love 
thursday  is  going to blow my mind away  it sucks i have to work 2m 
"hit the lights  it's baaar time \useless waste of human flesh,fucking everything you see body like an hourglass,but a soul just like a succubus no, i will not fall victim to your disease,or your hideous vagina trap like fucking a malady filled gangrenous wound,i want nothing to do with you love is dead instead,you'd rather give head you're life is meaningless love is dead instead,you'd rather give head "
boycott target!
gonna watch some silent hill  gonna be intense  love 
is so excited about tomorrow that i simply can't wait! <propfemale> grin ftw!
does anyone know if mr parker is still teaching at cocoa high?
"who wants to adopt an old person with me? i need help feeding and cleaning it, so    "
"oh god, i am so freaking sore  why do shows have to fuck my neck up so bad? totally worth it though, just wish i could get out of moving heavy shit at work < <"
i hate family automart  i really wish they couldn't afford to have commercials 
"read each sentence aloud  try not to make a mistake \\this is this cat \this is is cat \this is how cat \this is to cat \this is keep cat \this is a cat \this is dumbass cat \this is busy cat \this is for cat\ this is forty cat \this is seconds cat \\now read each third word in each sentence  lol"
bury that money in pickle jars in your backyard woot!
"best song ever!\\let's just stop,drop everything,(forget each other's names) forget each other's names,and just walk away \turn around and head in different directions,like we never, it's like we never knew each other at all we said what we feel, then we stop ourselves,and just walk away never looking back,loving every second of it,we just walk away "
check out eyes set to kill  i like like like  it really really sucks that they're not coming down with iwabo    wtf why is florida getting left out?
"working on my laptop, so i might not respond for a while  love ya all tho   love "
i knew this was going to end  i'm just surprised by how fast it all fell apart 
i really need to find a midget with some gin 
so instead of going in at 11pm i now have to go in at 7 and who knows when i'll get off? supposed to have gotten off at 6 am but now i'm hoping 2 and not having to do an 11 hour shift     maybe 
hopefully will be moving sooooon again!!! woot
"just got home from work     went in early at 7pm and just got off at like 345 am and i did everything even though i was supposed to be training  all the manager and other associate did was talk shit about everyone that worked there  fuck that and fuck them  this is the crap i left <propmale> world for, and i'm done "
i know someone who has a colostomy bag    msg me and find out!
"there is a hell, i've seen it  there is a heaven, lets keep it secret   love  october 5th!"
got a ps3!!! yay
might be moving back in with my parents for awhile  sad 
"work is finally getting better     thank god, i was afraid it was time to start job hunting again "
shadows cannot hold hands  love 
i love you angel <propmale>  for life  you may be the only one who truly gets me  love 
"fuck yes, <propfemale> grin "
"why does work always try to call me in and why are they surprised when i'm sleeping and don't pick up? plus it was the cape store, wtf     god i hate my life "
ewww  all i've gotta say is ewww > >
i'll stop stabbing when you stop screaming   love 
the new tdwp ep is so fucking amazing that i can't believe i was worried they would start sucking lol  check it out!
hahahahahaha <propfemale> hacked my space     (i love you jameson)        
a stupid bitch really needs to die  angel knows who i'm talking about 
why the hell does quiznos have such freaky commercials? definetly makes me not want to eat there 
why do i love killwhitneydead so much?
"are you ready to run? i've been waiting patiently for this  are you ready to die?\\alesana  love  best song ever!"
i just thought the chocolate sauce was diarrhea 
"oh my god  the new the devil wears prada ep is fucking intense \\www myspace com tdwp"
someone needs to come over and kill the gigantic wolf spider that somehow magically found it's way into my bathroom  please and thank you 
"angel <propmale>, the new bmth song is even better than the wcar song and the new tdwp ep  what now biatch?  love "
reno 911 ftw!!!!
just got home from work *<propfemale> sigh* supposed to go apartment hunting with angel <propmale> but i don't know if that's going to happen because i'm tired     and i gotta be back at 11 pm tonight 
omg lickers!
"just got home from work, thank god the old people are out in droves today  creepers "
"fucking regions is closed? huh? today is not a holiday, is it? damn them    "
"i just bought pants, and now they're too big  wtf    "
fml! literally 
"< < apparently my hair is too long and i have to get a haircut      i don't see how it's long, but i guess friday i'll have to get my hair trimmed for the first time in a month and a half      "
"i seriously hate everyone and the whole world right now  please just leave me alone for awhile  if i want to talk to you, i'll call you  otherwise, you're pretty much dead to me for a couple of weeks  there are a lot of you, and you damn know who you are "
"how about i just hate everyone for a little while, and you can just forget you ever knew me?"
" annoyed    i'm so freaking bored \0____0 if i didn't have to work tomorrow, i'd prolly be doing something tonight  but    i'm lazy!"
"this is satisfaction  in it's most beautiful state  beautiful state \\-forgive and forget, miss may i "
goodbye and good ridance!!!!!!!
who wants to go out and try something new tomorrow?
grrrrr  all i've gotta say is grrrrrrrrrrrrrr  i'm soooo tired of overnights  and they keep on giving me more nights  fml!
hahahaha  some kids are so stupid they should just stop breathing and die 
it's moving day!!!!!
dude i hate not having high speed internet anymore  it really really sucks  dial up blows 
"thanks alot bring me the horizon  you totally let me down, and now i unfortunately have to say that you are no longer my favorite band  all i gotta say if fuck you <propmale>, i hope you get fucking prostate cancer and die alone  atleast <propfemale> grin can still bring it "
all i gotta say is i just smacked a ho and she paid me to do it!
how about we say fuck you to smoke free day  i'll be smoking everywhere  come and join me  if you don't want to breathe my smoke walk the fuck away from me assholes!
work 2nite  yay no sleep from last night  i love overnights  they are so much fun! maybe we'll get robbed tonight!
angel is totally getting raped right now and i love it 
practice what you preach bitch!
"fuck that shit  <propfirst> grin is totally naked right now! what? fuck that, yes i'm on drugs "
lets adopt a beanie baby!
fucking drunk! what? angel you need to calm down 
"angel <propmale> is the shit  her <propmale> is huge  omg, i wanna suck it"
