9072184ed0526732be666baac69d828e
on days like this i really miss him  i miss his big brown eyes and his long blond hair  i miss running through the field with him having fun 
is at my grandparent's house having a great time   smile   last night was    um    entertaining    to say the least 
"is glad to be on break, but dreading the moving part     annoyed   lol "
happy thanksgiving everyone   smile   lol  it's so cold and rainy i hate it 
it's official i want a teacup pig lol   laugh   they are so cute 
is at my dad's house   smile   lol  it's so cold outside     annoyed   can't wait for tomorrow 
today's insanity is goin to be a lot of fun   laugh   lol  yay!
is in a very mood   smile   very good day   laugh ! stupid rainy day     i hate cold rain 
 smile 
is finally moved  yay! lol  it's so cold outside   =z 
is so cold i have a head ache      sad  
just got done riding sweet pea   laugh   lol 
thinks its way to cold outside   =z  lol
is ready for christmas  laugh 
is babysitting kids at <propfirst>'s house  having a blast   smile  
is at grandma's house just chilling out  wondering how long <propfirst> can keep that sour cream and onion cricket down  =p
"hey, i'm a wildflower, growing in the sunshine, soaking up the way of life i was raised in, running barefoot, blooming in a summer shower, ponytail dancing, i cant help it   i'm a wildflower "
is so ready to go <propfirst>'s tonight  laugh  
is happy that it's christmas <propfemale>!!!! yay!!!!  laugh !!!!!
is setting at grandma's helping watch the kiddos  lol 
had a great day yesterday and today ain't half bad either could be better though  lol   smile  
about to watch one of my all time favorite movies   laugh !
today has been awesome! yay!  laugh ! -does happy dance- lol! oh yeah    couldn't have got much better or i would have been considered extremely dittzy    lol 
has offically desided getting a wisdom tooth cut out sucks!!! my jaw hurts so bad!!!
is really not liking the snow   
has had a very good day today   smile  
is excited to have the stitches out of my mouth  lol   laugh  
is setting at mom's watching spongebob with the boys listening to music  can't wait to go to dad's tomorrow   laugh  
had a very awesome day   smile   got to <propfemale> with nate and emi most of the day  it was fun 
blah    i don't wanna go to school in the morning    at least i get to see nate  smile  that makes it all a little better    this weekend was awesome  lol 
is really starting to wish it was friday already so i could be out at dad's with my favorite people and my horses   annoyed  
woo only 44 more days until it's cruise time   laugh   lol
is hanging out with <propfemale> and <propmale> in the living room    debating on scaring <propfemale> since she keeps trying to fall asleep  lol   jk 
snow + being sick = sucks!!!! i wanna go out and play and take pictures in the snow so bad     stupid sickness just so you know i hate you quite completely right now       playful  
"today actually hasn't been terrible, but it hasn't been awesome either  i get to go eat with my baby in a little bit tho  lol   smile "
ugh this weekend needs to hurry up   
just got back from hanging with <propmale>   smile 
is having a very good day    wish it had been warmer    lol oh well   smile   it was still a good day even though <propmale> wasn't there 
thinks today was a great day  lol  i had a lot of fun goofing off with the horses and <propfemale>  only to be countered by the <propmale> suckiness of going to the dentist tomorrow  ugh why do we even have to have wisdom teeth when most of us only to have them cut out of our mouths?  annoyed   blah!
wwooo    is glad to be done with going to the dentist for a while  smile  
"yay! only 17 days until prom so only days until prom, which means only 18 days until spring break and cruise time   laugh !"
wwooo memom monday!!!!!
yay! i'm glad it's the weekend! one week lol yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
 laugh  yay! i'm going to watch rango with my grandma here in a little bit 
 smile  4 days until prom and 5 days until cruise time   laugh ! yay! i'm so happy    i can't wait at all!
is glad every 15 minutes is over it took a lot out of me  but now it's prom night and i go to mexico for a week tomorrow so it's all good  even though i'm gonna miss <propmale> and my family and friends like crazy it's gonna be a lot of fun  <propfemale> will be with me and so will my dads side of the family so i won't be to lonely   smile   but i'm just gonna live tonight up for now 
"ah! it feels great to be home! yes, mexico was nice, but i'd rather be right here doing nothing at all   smile   i  love  you, <propmale> "
thinks i'm gonna go ride in the rain   smile  
