53544dd43137fff749242570540ff4c4
i had a dream my friend died  i woke up crying 
"just got a wicked new pair of sunglasses from her <propfemale>! will post pictures after i shower, ew  but i'm supa excited about the sunglasses "
think people need to stop dying! i'm getting really sad!
is watching funny games 
is also wondering why people are so hypocritical?
"is freaking out because true blood was amazing  as always, duh "
is super excited for <propmale> potter tomorrow!! who else is going to the midnight show?
<propmale> potter was freaking amazing and i don't care what anyone says! also: read the books!
it's so hard mooching off internets 
i'm home!
dill pickle is the best snow cone flavor ever!!
"is super sad about her friends leaving! you guys better come back every single weekend  party last night was   interesting! haha, but still fun! pictures to come later when i'm not so tired "
i just lost the game   sad 
"online class today, school tomorrow  not gonna lie, i can't wait for another production  acting class though  love  will be fun times for sure!"
omg! auditions in a week! we're doing much ado about nothing! i'm so excited!
philosphy is too much thinking and questions at 8am  i want to go back to sleep 
is nervous about casting! i can't sleep!
yay! i got casted!
"kanye, you are such an asshole  i have finally lost all respect for you  beyonce, you are seriously a class act  i love you "
stagecraft class  ugh! why can't i just sleep all day?
i've got an extra ticket to six flags for today  who wants to go?
zombieland was awesome!
"i am so tired  i want to go back to sleeeeeeep  show today, who's coming?!"
"tonight was amazing  the show is going to be awesome! make it if you can, we run every night until saturday starting at 8pm"
awww! the banana found the pumpkin!!
"they have committed false report; moreover, they have spoken untruths; secondarily, they are slanders; sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady; thirdly, they have verified unjust things; and to conclude, they are lying knaves "
"sometimes i 'like' things, just so i can push the 'unlike' button"
people need to stop shooting up places! i'm starting to get worried!
getting ready   !
just woke up from a 15 hour nap  maybe my body is finally caught up 
two more days    
"oh my god, i'm not a teenager anymore  someone hold me! d:"
just got done crying all the way through my sister's keeper
is having a white christmas! i love it!
dang this drink is strong!  laugh 
just imagine   if there was a purple baked potato    mmmmm!
"texas, oh my fucking god "
"damn  texas, you were so close  soooo cloooseee!!!!!!"
"fml, tomorrow is monday"
"omg, what is wrong with facebook?! i don't know where anything is!!!"
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone! i love you!  love 
mom! where is my nail polish?! d':
"preview today, this show crept up on me! i can't believe we're already opening tomorrow!"
texas has two political leanings: conservative and <propfirst>
who wants to buy beautifully handcrafted crocheted items?  laugh 
the fashion is the fashion 
it's times like these that make me glad i have an iphone 
just watched glee! oh i love it so much!
i should be asleep    but i'm watching skins  teen dramas are so addicting!
"you can shed tears that she is gone, or you can smile because she has lived  you can close your eyes and pray that she'll come back, or you can open your eyes and see all she's left  rest in peace, <propfirst> lear; 1988 - 2010"
i love finding people i knew in elementary school on facebook  it blows my mind sometimes 
i love fridays!  laugh 
scanning all these pictures is such a pain in the ass  why wasn't the digital camera invent earlier?!
la-a; the dash don't be silent!
i just woke up from a nap and now i'm bored   annoyed 
"come on spurs, seriously?"
i love how <propfemale> constantly insults will's hair!
i love glee so much!  laugh 
i really want a pickle snowcone right now    
go spurs! go!  laugh 
oh yeah   pickle snow cone!
i'm starting to understand why everyone said that the avatar was a pretty updated version of pocahontas  as much as i would love to stay and watch the whole movie   i'm going to watch kick ass   laugh 
"in case you're wondering: yes, kick ass did kick ass!  laugh "
go spurs!  laugh 
what what! three games back to back!  laugh 
auditions tonight!
"watch glee, or go to bed? i think we all know which one i'm going to pick  i need something to cheer me up   laugh "
"hey, <propfemale>  what? go to bed  naahhh!"
"there is a small, but important difference between eating a cockroach and eating a cockroach for a million dollars on fear factor   indecision "
"<propfirst>, you just got owned  lol  wink "
"you think killing people might make them like you, but it doesn't  it just makes people dead "
hufflepuff? what the hell is a hufflepuff?
"lose some weight before you hug me, <propmale> "
"i miss the days when all you saw on your facebook home <propfemale> were status updates, not all this other bullshit "
"hello my name is <propfemale> and yes, i use swear words   indecision "
is hungry 
and also remembers when everyone updated their status in third person 
not having a computer sucks 
let's just say i work for the blah blah blah and they gave me a license to blah 
is hearing thunder rumbling and wondering if anyone thought to check what the weather would be like today   
lol extreme makeover: home edition has only been on for five minutes and i'm already tearing up!
welcome to texas: don't like the rainy weather? drive five minutes down the road   it's summer over there 
one iphone down   three more to go 
the keys feel so good!  love 
my parents are gone! house party!
watching up for the second time  i'm crying just as much as i did the first time  it's such a good movie! gah!
"filp cup, yes  vodka eyeball, no "
"those balloons are totally unrealistic  i mean, how could he fit all those balloons out his fireplace? and they would so not be able to lift his entire house "
watching day of the dead  i hope i don't get too scared here all alone 
glee was awesome!
it's 1am and i'm watching <propfemale> in wonderland    
i slept all day today  and it was amazing 
frosted mini wheats! mmmm!!
"watching the season finale of glee made me think of my years of high school drama at <propmale> high school  and in case you're wondering, yes it did make me cry  :[ sometimes i wish i could go back to that first show sophomore year "
my parents celebrated their 21 anniversary today    i turn 21 in december   hmmmmmm!!!!
oh trueblood   
guess who wasn't carded? i'm suddenly feeling very parched!
"awesome concert! tired as hell, though!"
"i had an awesome time at the mc lars show with <propfemale> canales, <propfirst> canales, and <propmale> canales! thanks for inviting me, <propfemale> whipple canales!  love   love "
another 2-3 weeks without a comuter fml! d:
"at afterlife   i've been asked if i \need anything\"" three times already   """
"don't pity the dead  pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love "
"so i think i may go to the twilight premiere  not to watch the movie (because we all know that a movie based on a book with such little substance isn't going to be very good) but to dress up, <propfemale> out with friends, a make fun of all the people in line before bailing "
"omfg, i just watched the new <propmale> potter trailer  it  looks  so  epic "
"texas, make up your mind! rainy or <propfemale>? personally, i would prefer the latter "
"omfg, i love wizard rock  lol i am such a nerd   love  <propmale> potter!"
"i hope all of you are enjoying my life in pictures, lol!"
inception  my mind  is fucking  blown!!
my dad is drinking a lone <propfemale>  i laughed to myself  no one gets me  lol
my mother has disappeared off the face of the planet    or at least facebook! d:
i have a feeling i'm going to be hurting myself on this bed for a while    owww   d:
"what, what, what are you doing?"
"<propmale>, <propmale>! wherefore <propmale> thou <propmale>? translation: desperate! desperate! i am really desperate! are there any stalkers on my grounds?"
i'm in the alamo city!  laugh 
what is with the water in euless? it's disgusting!! d:
i just made an awesome hat!  laugh 
how does summer go by so fast? d:
at cafe brazil for probably the last time with this group of people     love 
miso soup is so yummy!  laugh 
"i am so pissed right now, i just want to take a baseball bat to the tv! argh! i need to learn how to drive! i need a car! i need a job and i need to move 2000 <propmale> away!!!!"
needlecrafts! <propfemale> is lame   and bored   annoyed 
i'm hungry and i'm watching the food network  sigh   indecision 
i hate the school's website  why do i need to change my password so often?! i don't even have to change it for my bank account 
"every time i register late for class i always say i'll register early next time    oh well, here's to next time!"
true blood!  love 
so! done with my first class of the day   it was alright  the professor talks a lot but i guess i can deal  now i have a break until 11! boring!
just woke up from a 6 hour nap! school is very tiring! especially when the school you go to is on lot of hills and and it has an e playful ansive parking lot that you're walking around all day  d:
i've got some downtime between class so i am putting the student resource center to good use! aka watching videos on youtube!  laugh 
"watching zombieland again! it's just as funny the 4th time you watch it, in case you were wondering!"
true blood!  love 
i hate it when people walk through someone else's yard  how hard is it to use the sidewalk? it's there so you don't have to walk through someone else's yard   > indecision 
<propfirst> pilgram vs  the world was really good! i really enoyed it!  laugh 
to the girl singing in the cafe: the school full of college students ages 20-30 do not appreciate your love of showtunes    especially when you're singing an eight minute song originated by two of boardway's best singers 
it's funny how people get so into video games  my little brother is getting so angry because someone keeps killing him in the game! rofl!!
oh my god! i can't wait for the next season of true blood   laugh 
rah rah ah ah ah! <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"dear cbs 11, your post-game cowboys coverage crap is cutting into my into my shows "
this is a setup but you don't realize it because your brain is made out of rib!
omfg i hate essays!
"25% show tunes, 25% hip hip, 25% classic rock   100% gay! i love glee so much!  love "
"omg, i don't want to have ears right now   :"
<propmale>!!
professors telling completely irrelevent stories    good or bad? i'm not sure!
i left my phone at home! d: i feel so cut off from the world!
 love  <propmale>
glitter is the herpes of craft supplies 
why is astor being such a little brat? #<propmale> d:
really needs to stop leaving her phone at home 
glee! how dare you make me cry!!!
finally caught up on community  now starting on how i met your mother 
just put on the awesomest pair of shoes ever  bar none 
"sagittarius (nov 22-dec 21) good-natured optimist  doesn't want to grow up  indulges self  boastful  likes luxuries and gambling  social and outgoing  doesn't like responsibilities  often fantasizes  impatient  fun to be around  having lots of friends  flirtatious  doesn't like rules  sometimes hypocritical  dislikes being confined  doesn't like being doubted  beautiful inside and out    \\yep, pretty much   laugh "
american cheese has to be one of the most disgusting things ever invented  it doesn't even have the right to call itself real cheese  and then people want to melt it and put it on sandwiches? ugh!
why do i always cry during undercover boss? d':
"i just tried to stab <propmale> in the eye with a chopstick  he's lucky he wears glasses, that's all i have to say   d:<"
"me: not only are the rangers going to the world series they beat the yankees to go to the world series \\dane: are they suppose to be good or something   ?\\me:    "
"omfg, i want a singamajig soooooo baddddd(ly)!!!!"
omfg! theses cookies are so freaking good!!
"omg, cast party was ridic as always!"
"to all the people that made it out last night, it was an awesome party! fyi i dont have a sister   "
omfg child's play and all the chucky sequels still freak my shit out   i'm afraid to walk down the hall now    d:
omg i remember when i was watching <propmale> criss singing in a <propmale> potter musical on youtube and now he's on glee! i'm so excited! he has such an amazing voice!
"oh <propmale>, i'm mad   for you too "
"don't stroke out! if you die, they win!"
who else is excited for <propmale> potter tonight?
80 minutes until hp!
70 minutes until hp!!
50 minutes until hp!
only half an hour to go until hp!  laugh 
10 minutes until hp!  laugh !!!!
omg it's starting ahhhh! i'm so excited!!  laugh 
"it ended right where i thought it was going to! <propmale> can testify, i totally called it!"
seventeen!
sixteen!
"you know you're in texas when   it's mid-november, it's 74 degrees outside, and your little brother and his friend are outside playing in the water "
finally watched lasts night's glee!  confidential 
fifteen!
thirteen!  laugh 
"omfg, rocko's modern life is on!"
twelve!  laugh 
eleven!  laugh 
ten!  laugh 
birthday party is planned! so excited!  laugh 
nine!
eight!
"to my history professor, i realize that you are a latte drinking, left wing liberal democrat who thinks that republicans suck and obama is the greatest thing since sliced bread   but seriously i don't care  \\also, seven!  laugh "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  there should be no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories to raise awareness to end violence against children \\and, six   laugh "
five!
you are so dumb! you are really dumb! for real!
she's the lady in red when everyone else is wearing tan 
four!  laugh 
history final tomorrow  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck     d:
"omg, i just saw <propfemale>  and not no fake <propfemale> with a fake beard  i saw the real <propfemale>!  laugh "
three!  laugh 
"omigod two!\\sidenote: no more school!  laugh "
watching glee! <propfemale> is so cute!  love 
"every who down in whoville liked christmas a lot   but the grinch, who lived just north of whoville   did not!"
"lol, as <propfemale> said, it's my birthday <propfemale>!  laugh  \\and just for the sake of the countdown: one!"
"i'm 21! quick, someone get me a drink!"
omg best birthday ever!!!
"i don't know about your mom, but mine bought me a hookah for my birthday \\basically: my mom > your mom "
so excited!!  laugh 
"two shots and one pina colada down! now on to vip!  laugh  (btw, i still haven't gotten carded, why didn't i do this before?)"
"wooo, home! i am so tired! thanks to everyone that came out with me tonight! my birthday was awesome, i love you guys so much!  laugh  now sleepy times   zzzzzz!"
"\     i'm not wearing this sweater to be ironic   i'm wearing it because i like it    \"""""
i hate waking up early and not being able to get back to sleep 
"damn, i'm sick  d:"
lunar eclipse!! go outside!  laugh 
omg!!!!
it's four days until christmas and it's 84 degrees outside   laugh  i love texas 
"crying my eyes out  thanks, a home for the holidays! d':"
it's christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"they make it look so easy, connecting with another human being  it’s like no one told them it’s the hardest thing in the world "
on my way to the alamo city! finally!
"the guy sitting next to us is alone, but i swear he is having the most interesting conversation of his life with like three other people     surprise "
"had an awesome time this weekend! <propmale> rodriguez, <propfemale> rodriguez, <propfirst> rodriguez, <propfemale> salgado-rodriguez, <propfirst> rodriguez, kat poerner, thanks for everything! it was amazing!  laugh "
piano is hard  d:
speech is by far the cutest class i've ever had!  laugh 
i feel so vindicated  eclipse has been nominated for nine out of ten <propfemale> raspberry awards  epic  win 
i love thrillers  gore movies    no 
the most comfortable finger for me to wear my rings is my ring finger on my left hand  what does that mean?
i think i may delete everyone that keeps sending me requests to games  it's getting annoying > indecision 
i'm eating sloppy <propfirst> and drinking red koolaid in a white sweater     bad things are going to happen   
these days off school are really fucking up my sleep schedule    grrr!
so our five week production just got cut down to four  i think this is some kind of cosmic joke    i'm not laughing   indecision 
"dude  it's snowing  also, tonight's episode of community was awesome!  laugh "
the superbowl is over  now to what i really care about: glee!
it's taking everything in me not to yell at the gossipy girls in my english class  i can't even hear myself think! why won't they shut up? no one cares what your boyfriend said last night at dinner!!!
"i call him marshmello  and he calls me   nothing, because he's a pillow "
listening to upbeat music in the morning is such a good way to start the day  i think people are staring at me wondering why i'm so happy 
just realized i have less than two weeks to write three essays for my application to the university of texas  fuuuuuck 
at my grandfather's house eating all the food before everyone gets here  hahahaha! you better eat before you come!
<propfirst>'s trampoline is kind of awesome   he gets so tired he's asleep by the time i get home at night  sweet peaceful night   laugh 
"do not judge, and you will not be judged  do not condemn, and you will not be condemned  forgive, and you will be forgiven  [luke 6 smile 7]\\if you're going to quote the bible at me, at least follow the words of our lord and savior, jesus christ  love "
"my god, <propfemale> is going on forever    "
"omg, i feel as if a huge weight has been lifted from my shoulders!  laugh "
i just got <propmale> rolled at ihop! lol wtf?
happy birthday to @<propmale> rodriguez! the bestest dad ever!  laugh 
"northlake, pay your effing electricity <propmale>! i have a midterm due!! d:"
"alright, a higher power is messing with me "
"i'm watching extreme couponing    this guy just bought $5,743 worth of stuff and only paid $241   woah "
"dude, i am loving glee's original songs!  laugh "
"friday, friday    "
"<propfemale> on cows getting shot and run over: \ surprise  thats offensive!\"""""
\dude," don't fist my butthole   don't put that on facebook    by putting that on facebook you are fisting my butthole    \""\"53544dd43137fff749242570540ff4c4,it's so hard to enjoy a meal when your little brother is being a butthead the whole time  @<propfirst> rodriguez
sheet music is so complicated!!  who made this crap so hard to read!?!
lol my little brother thinks he's sneaky playing call of duty in the living room at 1am   who does he think he is? me?
"my fortune for today says, \your winsome smile will be your sure protection \""\",53544dd43137fff749242570540ff4c4,"mmmm, that's good no-no juice!  laugh "
