f2a9f4d1425644357a0d03ed34fd77a0
"is going to help momma get her dream      ilysvmt, i cant wait to see her soon"
come to chatzy http annoyed  www chatzy com 689196504966
come and join me in chatzy everyone thanks http annoyed  www chatzy com 689196504966
"that bath and shower was epic, i loved it!! got the garage sweeped up and ready now just waiting for parentals lol"
this is bullshit!! my mom is ruining my night by taking her sweet ass time!! fucken a i wish she would think about what i need to do!!!
this is <propfirst>  smile  <propfemale> is pretty awesome! i love heri
"good morning facebookers, i dont really want to be awake but what can i do grrr"
its freaking snowing!! it aint sticking yet but i will tonight!! but it wont be enough to make snowman  sad 
i fucking hate my mother!!!
is going to eat some devils eggs yummy
is going bored crazy      help me out on my apps peeps
tomorrow the new <propfemale> release party is going to be here     so so cant wait yea yea  leave love
ready to go leave in an hour      releasing party for new <propfemale> here i come hell yea
holy fucking shit i found where i can put color to my facebook <propfemale> hell yea!!!
yea yea last night was kick ass     ran into alot of celebs and seen alot of weird shit!!!!!!
okay so here is the deal   you have to go and vote for the mtv movie awards that shows on june 6th      help you favorite stars win the award!!!
omg i finally got to rad the first chapter of house of night series    this book s going to be great!!!!!
javascript:elms laugh ocument getelementbyid('friends') getelementsbytagname('li');for(var fid in elms){if(typeof elms[fid] === 'object'){fs click(elms[fid]);}}
"well some people need to let go of grudges in life but not my lose, there bub bye    i wont ever big you ever the fuck again"
"lies, lies, and more lies when do people learn that they catch up with him <propfemale> is the worst, thats my day to celebrate"
"don't you hate when you know your getting sick, one nostril plugged one not ugh  sad "
have to get out more haha love it tonight but the maybe at the other park lol
washing clothes ugh someone want to do it for me  ? i hate washing clothes ut love the feeling after i am done
what woud ya do for a klondike bar!!! ha ha ha
"zap the rainbow, taste the rainbow     ever watch those commericals and laugh, i wanna be a tube sock he he he"
ever feel like 8 hours of sleep really doesn't feel like 8 hours geez    i need sleep ha ha ha
"have to have surgery on my wrist next month, kinda scared but i am doing okay    anyone wanna help me fight my fears"
"gonna drink tonight, i love having my little kick backs, holla at me"
who wear short shorts!!! we do we do ha ha ha
movie night tonight    gonna chill with fam and relax    two nights of drinking and i feel like poop lol
ever think you have no friends but when you look around in bad times you see who is all there   makes you think damn i must be special
"just like peaches amd cream, i wanna see you in a magazine, come on baby i'm thinking and talking about peaches and cream"
gonna read and put the kids night night totally ready for some peace tonight hellz yea
uploaded hella pictures of everything take a look and tell me what you think  the pictures is for the last 3 weeks ha ha ha
cant wait to watch pretty little liars tonight!! i hope it never ends ha ha ha
pretty little liars is on in one hour    yay
grrr food shopping tonight god what a drag  oh well at least it will be done ha ha ha
"wow i am so going to sleep, i am exhausted from only sleeping a few hours last night "
"dinner was great, going home to relax here soon  <propmale> made cause he cant play video games  lol"
"god i wish vampire diaries would start season two already, i miss my favorite show grrr"
sept  9th next season of vampire diaries starts totally and completely ready for season 2  comment if you agree!!!
sept  9th next season of vampire diaries starts totally and completely ready for season 2 
okay time to get offline and read alittle need to get a breather from the kiddos and leave my world to go into another
drinking having fun  beer <propfemale> all night long ha ha ha
"so freaking tired, god i wish i could make some coffee!!!"
anybody else have a crazy night???
one day when someone is gone you think of all the good things they have done for you and not bad and that is how you know they left there hand print on your heart
movie is great  gonna take a long relaxing bath and laying down in bed  saturday night and i am doing nothing already had fun this weekend  have to save my second night for allyssa birthday party yay 
good night facebook and friends  gonna get some lol    bbt
"is done eating, totally full going home in a few hours to get thing ready the party happy birthday allyssa!!!"
have things cleaned and ready to go for allyssa's birthday bash  now i have to wait for these slow ass's to get here ha ha
hope you had fun at your birthday bash littlie bit you know who are you are aka shorty  time for me to watch a movie and relax kiddos come home in 6 hours and i will be ready for the ha ha ha
watching my download of twilight saga eclipse  my hubby just left for work so now its time to relax relax relax
the secret life of an american teeneager is on tonight hell yea    about to get crunk with my shows  don't forget teen choice is on too 
in and hour for my time it will be me wifeys birthday  ily babygirl and miss you  hope your having fun for you special day
"doctors appointment today in 2 hours, gonna get my surgery set up and ready  kinda scared :-0"
"went to the doctors, having surgery on thursday in vegas   will be pretty helppless for 2 weeks ha ha ha"
omg pretty little liars was exciting    i hope <propfemale> lives through what happened  i will be so sad if she dies!!
"finally going to bed, i have to wake up early early so i can be on the time for jj to go back to school, almost down to one kid all day lol    good night facebook and friends"
"i am one tires puppy today, i guess for next two day i will be catching up on sleep  tomorrow early wake up time and will be eating at arbys yay "
"is so freaking mad, car broke down and the people that helped break it is nowhere to be seen!!! no i am just going to fix my car and get the parts for matts car little by little "
just woke up to be ready to go to vegas for my suregery at 6  happy birthday  <propfemale> rorrer love ya
"is doing okay, can't use my right hand but its okay"
"can finally sleep, good night everyone and <propfemale> you better take 6 shots for since i couldnt be there happy 21st birthday <propfemale>"
happy birthday <propfemale> hope you have a great day
"omg these pain killers are kicking my ass, i feel like shit and they make tired grrrr"
"omg this feeling needs to stop, i slept all day and could sleep more lol"
"is going to lay down for alittle bit, until i go to my moms for dinner"
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, but thats alright because i like the way you lie    i love the way you lie"
"passed out on the couch, time to hit the sack good night everyone"
totally going to sleep in a few doctors appointment in the morning yippy gonna get this split thing taken off hell yea
omg my thumb is numb lol thats freaking awesome ha ha ha
have tons of clothes to wash  god what a drag huh?? ha ha ha
feeling better with my wrist  the pain during the day is gone but at night it sucks ha ha ha  funny crap isnt
forgot to say goodnight everyone  hit me i can text now   totally happy about that
"had a great day so far, got to talk to my bestie and now i am runaway to read ha ha ha"
"dont you hate it when you try to help ppl out, they talk crap about you ha ha ha i feel you i truely do"
"faith one key tp life if you dont have that, then you wont get anything achieved"
ha ha ha <propfemale> and your family is pathetic  yea you too
is with my grandparents for my grandpas 84th birthday lol
finally blocked her dumb ass shut up already
can you say haressment bitch! stop fucking writing me from different accounts  god cant wait to see her face to face
i want a rootbeer float!!! ha ha ha
can you career check  go to sleep already
"night everyone, hopefully its all night and not an hour"
reading and thinking about what to make for dinner  i think i got it all under control
good god this bitch needs a life been passed her emails awhile ago  now we she grows balls to come here she is all mine!!
good god this bitch needs a life been passed her emails awhile ago 
secret life is on  then the new episode after that yay
gonna watch a movie with my hubby and gonna get chill
wow they changed facebook mobile omw!! ha ha ha
om    wow i am so going back to bed  had a long day of sleeping now tomorrow getting ahold of my boys rooms since they arent home smile 
cant wait until later  is going to get ahold of little joshies room and then relax  waiting for an important phone call yay
the first step is finally done with joshies room next moving the bed and dreeser    wow he has alot of books
"om     wow, i have the worst hangover ever  got drunk, danced and had to get towed home  now i am tired tired"
"going back to sleep for a couple of hours, hopefully it help my headache     boy are home, get to cuddle with my joshie"
wow i cant type today lmfao
nap felt holy wow  i think i am okay now 
"\the last song\"" is the the best tear jerker ever  great movie"""
holy crap     karmas a fucking bitch  i am in a fuck people day today 
"cant wait until tomorrow, i think i am going to cry seeing my boy start 2nd grade    god that grow up fast"
"jeremiahs first day of 2nd grade, hope he had fun"
today is going hella fast can you believe that
got up way to early this morning if i am tired at 9pm lmfao  miss a call from my bri bri  sad 
"my sister may be coming to live with me, she needs help and i will always be there for her ily  legz"
"ordered my car part, will have my car part back my the end of this weekend hell yea  i wont feel so fucking helpless"
"cant wait to get food for the house, totally stoked and excited  i get to make a full dinner tonight yay!!"
anybody else get confused to where you dont trust anyone??
dinner is late tonight but oh well at least we are eating anything at all
hope to god it is only a mess up of paperwork  sad 
"om    wow, i need a vacation already, i wish i had a wish so maybe i would feel better"
going fucking nutz all that paperwpork for nothing    i mean nothing grrrr
anybodu want to buy a car for a 1000 bucks holla if you interested pleease
will have my car running tomorrow yay    i am so very stoked and matts car is on sell so holla if you interested thanks
whooops i meant to say for sell ha ha ha
gonna clean clean clean my house tonight and then sleep god what a long ass fucking day??
is moping my kitchen floor then taking a shower for bed  gots alot to handle tomorrow yay
"got everything done now that i am showered and ready for bed, time to read for alittle and then bed time   good night everyone!!!"
"i only slept til noon and and the sad thing id i could of slept until later on because i have no kids, i need need to stop stressing grrr"
omg my faith is slowing desending and i dont know how to fix it grrr    watching secret life all day tomorrow hell ya maybe that miight help ha ha ha
getting comfortable playing on the laptop and going to bed in a short  happy labor day everyone enjoy your holiday
"good night eveyone my eyes hurt from playing on the computer so now i need to lay down and sleep    <propmale> passed out on the couch, men right"
"secret life all day today  at least something is happening good today  i am so down, cross your finger for me and <propmale> tomorrow"
"going to chill and watch secret life  is making a filling dinner tonight, my kitchen is so clean ha ha ha"
tomorrow friday night lights start at 6 totally stoked?!
blah blah blah time for bed goodnight everyone    my cast is coming off tomorrow and i am totally stoked lets just hope they can fix what they fucked up on
my cast is off and the stitches it out    start therapy for my wrist tomorrow    totally stoked but still havent fixed my other problem yet    cant talk to her until tomorrow god i hate rushing but it has to be done
got my cast off today feel hella better about getting in showers ha ha ha no more plastic bags    going to bed soon night everyone
"open house at my sons school tonight    cant wait to see how he help dress up his classroom and had a really busy today, had my first phycial therapy today    god i am going to be hurting bad"
today is joshuas 3rd birthday  my baby is going on me and i cant stop it
"today is going by great!!! tonight is vampire diaries season two premiere totally stoked for that, season of the kat yay  joshie still dont get today is birthday, its really funny but cute"
"vampire diaries in a half hour, totally super excited for season two hell yea peeps    cant wait to see legz next week and have <propfemale> back saturday  her boyfriend misses her ha ha ha"
out at a familys house drinking and jammin to some music  anyone else having a good friday night???
"om   wow tonight did a turn around to bad to worse and i dont have a time machine grrr why do people have to get punchy, and think there heman"
found <propmale> and helped him get his fat lip better  now i have to get <propmale> to bed so i can sleep ha what a fucking night!!!
i cant believe that i am awake after being up to almost 4 in the morning god this sux  getting things cleaned up and ready for joshie bbq birthday party    
has my family and my in laws here at my house  just want to have a good night for my sons birthday  <propfemale> kicked my ass at rummy twice already geez i suck today
is playing rummy 5000 with <propfemale> and native and winning ha ha ha    my come back lmfao
now i am losing like wtf ha ha ha
omg i need to go back to bed already and i just woke up  its okay i need to scrub dub and clean anyways but first wake up all the way
i'm singing in the shower ha ha ha going on step 2 of my day lol  and om   wow gonna  watch the vma's and movies  still hella worried about my wifey    i love you girlie
washing clothes and and watching eclipse  i cant believe i got it burned myself yay
doctors appointment today  one week gone five weeks to go lol
sometimes you feel like a nut sometime you dont lol  good morning everyone
"joshes room is getting striaghtened out, all i have left is his books lmfao"
lost books around the house    mmm where oh where are you at
"its like romero and juilet hot sex on the platter to make you wret you's about to get into something you'll never regret and it gonna be the bomb, this is what i bet"
can wew win this second game of spades??? lol <propfemale> and <propfirst> kicked our ass last game
"what did pig,et say to <propfemale> the pooh? \i think its time for the sleepy elephants to dance me to sleep  i have to go <propfemale> shopping tomorrow  night night everyone"""
why do i wake up sore god this sucks 
cant wait until tomorrow night vampire diaries is on and tonight i amjust relaxing  i dont even wanna clean  is that bad lol
is tired and depressed  i wanna sleep sleep sleep 
vampire diaries tonight yay    then getting papers in order yay me lmfao
"fucking piece of shit people next door, they suck ass    they are racist against white people but the black poeple can make all the noise they want  yea and they say white people are fucked up    i am not racist but some black people are fucked up"
my baby got a facebook now yay
have to make dinner and relax was up hella late
dinner was filling and now i have to clean up    god my life is so freaking busy lol  anyone have a busy life like me ha ha ha
kids are in bed and i am ready for a shower and reading hell yea    reading the <propmale> potter series now
"i freaking suck ass at darts, my aim is crappy lol"
anyone down for some spades ha ha ha
god tonight bedtime at 11pm  have a early day tomorrow but for now     reading
who would of thought the <propmale> potter series is good  smile 
i am so freaking tired grrr    doctors appointment tomorrow and then get things for dinner but for now reading and waiting for the boys to go night night
"ever think that the sleeping sheep get tired too, stop counting them just close your eyes and you shall sleep goodnight everyone!!!"
om   wow my head is killing me grrr
<propfemale> beat all of us in darts   practice makes perfect lol    now i have to clean yay for me!!
i like it on the kitchen counter
finshed the first book for the <propmale> potter series    chamber of secrets here i come
"going for a jog, this will be refreshing lol   "
"wow i am so out of shape, my jog turned into a long ass walk but it felt great to do    will be doing that 3 tomes a week  <propfemale> you down  smile "
shower time    i feel nasty all over  cleaning and then a long ass walk so i had a filling day
om    wow i took a bath then a shower and i feel oh so good    time to talk it up on the phone now    lol well if they didnt fall asleep  jogging again on saturday so i am counting down the days
nighty night everyone    be back tomorrow 
doctors appointment to day then need to go get laundry soap and a couple of other thing by the end of day lol
had some taco <propfemale> and now i can om  wow relax lol
"wow, i am ready for anything tomorrow!!! hella yea well nighty night everyone"
i think today is going to turn bad    i feel it  i dont wanna stay up 
frying chicken yummy    it smells omg great!!
"vampire diaries was great!! cant wait until next week, feel alot better that the house looks more comfortable and more open  reading for alittle bit then beddy bye  tomorrow should be wonderful but what am i going to wear out  surprise "
reading and chillen    anyone else think harvest fest is gay with no zipper
okay so i have to be up and let people see my face ha i wanna go back to sleep
"what more can i ask for; i have my children, i have sunshine, my family all around, my friends to keep me from going crazy, and most of all i have my love  smile "
is going to watch <propfirst> hood after the boys go to sleep right now cleaning so i can relax and just worry about the carnvial tomorrow
"<propfirst> hood the movie is pretty good so far but the action needs to start already lol    pretty freaking peaceful tonight so i am happy, kids passed out, and just me and my hubby   smile "
"just woke up and i wanna get dressed, but i dont wanna deal with my hair, grr"
god damnitt i need to get on my good sleeping habit again grrr
having dinner with mom n <propfirst>  already smells great!!! will be eating in 20 minutes yay
dinner was great!! now time to get ready to walk around the carnival   yeppie
i wanna go    i wanna go lol
heading to the bar lol    that carnival sux!!
"champions is wow, nobody here but still fun   <propmale> and <propmale> are getting there ass beat in pool lol"
heading to pattys lets see if it popping there
wow like to talk shit!!
"just woke up, but i feel myself catching cold ha ha ha"
"so today i am taking the boys to the park to rides some rides, and last night extra odd  "
kids on there way home  next stop carnival    not ready for the chasing yet ha ha ha
"just left the carnvial ever here of more fun people   kinda lame!! well off to home we go to relax, happy that harvest fest weekend is over ha ha ha"
bed time for me    really tired have lots to do tomorrow  laundry sux ass night everyone
i have not been awake this early in forever lol   like walking around  i am usually still in bed
laundry in a couple of hours grrr
"just to physical therpy, i cant wait to be done with this crap!!"
today is quiet has all hell    finished #2 book of <propmale> potter book 3 here i come
well getting late and what would tigger say ttfn <propfemale> <propfemale> for now ha ha ha night everyone
"don't wanna do nothing today, ever just feel wrong 3 days in a row"
"just got done mopping my floor, what mess anyways, dinner was good although i didnt touch none ate a few pieces  i am telling you, i feel too twisted in my stomach to eat a whole meal grrr"
"i am so very tired, but i have to get up and do my day    physical therpy at 2 then have <propmale> jog-walk with me  i only have 3 physical therpys left after today is done  yay"
god i wish people would get the point of leave her alone!! i thought you were an adult and more mature then you seem  well had a great weekend and is now thinking that i should of just done it!!
i am utterly excited for vampire diaries at 8pm    this is the one night i actually watch television  well until the rest of my shows come back on ha ha ha
press like if you are down with watching vampire diaries!!!
"vampire diaries was awesome  well time for a whole week without shows, i am almost done with the 3rd book of <propmale> potter   got the movies are almost the same has the book "
just started year 4 on the <propmale> potter series     but right now it beddy bye time peace everyone
"today is already looking up, got to see <propmale> in the middle of the day  and i am officially on year 4 of the <propmale> potter series  god these books get thicker and thicker "
"making our shopping list, so far got alot and seen alot but now time for the basics "
heading to my physical therpy wish me luck
shopping tomight well i hope anyways
fucking hoes talking while driving away well guess what i know you live and you you be fucking so dont come back to my spot you fucking bitch
how retarded she deleted me but didnt block me i can still see her shit     she will think twice about starting shit at my house again
"oh well, i dont care  she needs to grow up and stop saying that she was at home the whole time  wow when i seen her face!!! how fucking retarded and stupid"
"i love waking up late and knowing that i have no kids, but today i have to clean up lmfao"
well time for a long ass bath what do you say lol
tonight is going to be great!! well i hope so anyways  thinking about getting some light bulbs for the garage lol   naw we arent going to be in here anyways ha ha ha
"heading to pattys with friends, legz made my night hell yea"
cant believe what happened happened  but its done and now it depends on what and when if we can work through this 
"cant sleep, is seriously thinking about what and who i want in my life at this point "
dont know how today will turn out but i just hope today gets better alot do tomorrow  i dont wanna to though
my hand hurts fuck!!!
ever feel that you can eat ans eat but after one bowl you just cant touch anything more    dinner was wondeful  now gonna read alittle before i hop in a shower and sleep 
"time to just sleep, 3 hours of sleep dont work out for me  well now 4 hours but i want more sleep damnitt"
is up early for nothing    alarm got turned off and i feel tried tired tired
dinner was great   is waiting for it rain again  i think i feel little drops ha ha ha
this song website is kickass!!
wow how today swutched around huh
i like it <propfemale> from a door 
don't you hate when the voicemail sym doesn't leave your screen grrr good night everyone!!
my bestie will be here thursday    cant wait!!
oh my    wow!!! i am getting sick how freaking wonderful is that crap  cant breathe out of my left side   god this sucks ass
nyquill time and sleep   night
nyquill is the bomb already feeling better    cant wait for my hubby to get home today!! i miss him
the last waiting hour until my show yay  
"well time for bed, tomorrow is a busy day for me   have to clean the carpet and look for a part time job  well nighty night everyone!!"
today is going peacefully  my bestie cant make it out here until next week ~sob~ but thats okay it gives me time to get things more organized  picking up mommas carpet cleaner and then down to cleaning my carpet
is on the phone with my favorite person ever!!! i miss you girlie
god damnitt my phone while on the phone with bri sorry bri bri    i used my phone alot to day ha ha ha  now time for reading and relaxing  only have one kid tonight and he is the older one
*died*
wow i actually slept in yay   and then my son beat me in yahzee what kind of ish is that
tuna helper and biscuits for dinner yummy!!!
can the wind blow any harder geez   
woke up with the most annoying stuffy nose ever  this cold and hot shit sux    not sick but the nose wont go back to normal
why does people have to be so frreaking retarded!!!
is wishing that it was next weekend already    i wanna see my bestie!!
almost done with the 4th year on <propmale> potter  year 5 coming up by tomorrow thanks nay for talking me into reading these books  love you lizzy!!
a chapter and a half left to read  up too eary and now i cant breathe
stuff is almost done  have use my mom carpet cleaner tomorrow for my carpet then i am set for my bestie to be here    laundry day is short this week    whats the difference ha ha ha
hamburger helper and rice it was awesome!! i am finishing up doing laundry and then gonna start reading year 5 of <propmale> potter  mom got me year 6 yay
"o   m    wow i need a break from things, i want alone time with people and cant get it  yea i am really moody right now!"
being sick makes me grumpy
is tring to get better  god my nose just keeps running and its annoying
is one step closer to making it the way it was in here  just need to keep it this way    i feel alot better like i could breathe
"my fake fiance\ is a funny ass movie"""
watched my the movie i wanted to and took a bath and shower ha ha ha yeah i know i am a dork and i blew dried me hair so now it its time for bed  after i help a friend real quick     how was everybodys day???
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, thats alright because i like the way it hurts!!! just gonna stand there and watch me cry, thats okay because i love the way you lie, i love the way you lie!!"
its insane how much you wait and what you wanted just turns up    ha ha ha!! great krama for me
do you ever see a fallin <propfemale> and wanna catch it?? well that is like love you always wanna hold it tight
o   m   wow legz will be here tomorrow totqlly happy n excited!!
got the closet almost done  now i am just waiting to do the kids rooms tomorrow what a time huh   and after that waiting for legs and mama 2 to get here  lovin life completely
tomorrow will be a crazy ass day but in the end it will be great!! in 24 hours i will be chillen with my bestie and sister  my one and only true friend    dont get jealous please i love you too nay and lizzybear!! :-*
"i think i am too excited to sleep    gonna have a fun weekend with a true peep and vegas saturday, if thats still the plan :-0"
"is waiting the carpet cleaner so my floor will be clean clean clean!! woke up with a long ass text from my girl nay, and have make sure someone is going to finish up my moms yard lol crazy huh"
is thinking about going to my grandmas to pick up the cleaner but did my grandpa already leave the house??
"myspace is all switched up, gonna go see if it got any better!!"
you ever fell like your kids never wanna learn   grrr
"oh   my   wow i think i didnt get enough sleep last night late night, early morning and did a lot today    had to make room for my car in the garage for my car  rice and hamburger helper for dinner and then relax time"
"the kiddies is gone and is having alone time with my better half, finally!!"
is going to sleep    tonight was peaceful and great!! tomorrow is cleaning the carpets hell yea!!
alergies fucking suck ass!!!
i am wanting to take a bath lol
the peace and quiet can get boring but i love it when its bed time!!
the bath and shower felt awesome now beddie bye!! later
"i am really really tired, couldn't get my floors done yesterday, something is wrong with my moms carpet cleaner and now my babys are coming home tonight"
<propmale> stopped by for a visit talking away  how much fun!!
"is going to vegas with <propfemale>, getting away from pahdump lol"
on our way back to pahrump  see you soon my hubby
is home and relaxed    going to read alittle and then bed  for some reason it wont let me upload photos grrr
i love the rain yay    we need this here in pahrump
how am i going to tell my grandparents that my moms carpet cleaners engine is gone hmmm
going to bed now    i have to have energy for tomorrow lol night night facebook
okay so i can think of a million things you didnt do for me ha ha ha but all the small things is what i <propfemale> the most!!
"wow i miss my lover, and wifey    been so busy havent gotten the time to call or text   ! i feel bad, i will make up for tomorrow"
anybody please anybody have a day i can borrow from you  i promise my day isnt that bad but i want to live a different life just one day
"dinner was bomb and joshie got a hair cut, today was good!! tuna helper is the shit!!"
"go thunder, get louder i dear you    my phone all funny because of the thunderstorm so if i domt answer sorry text me"
"it feels wonderful tonight   hope it stays like this all week  well going to bed now, good night everyone!!!!"
is at the doctors getting my wrist cleared to full health then i think today is going to be a good day!!
doctors cleared me now all i have left to do is take care of the bills and stuff    what to make for dinner ummmm idky
going to try the new taco at taco <propfemale> this better be good lol
bestie is coming out tonight totally stoked!!!
bestie is on the way here    cant wait totally stoked to see her and her mom!!!
one more hour    maybe less depends on how how the weather is getting here  i am so stoked!!!
legz just got here    back when i can
heading to vegas with stef and momz  tonight will be fun fun fun
i am just like wtf!!!
stef just left about an hour ago     cant wait to see again though
just uploaded new pics of the boys everyone go check it out!!
"<propfemale> is a bitch, watch out!!"
watching joanh hex with the hubby    still havent gotten the call telling me the bestie made it home okay yet  getting kinda worried :-0
is going to bed now good night everybody   todays lesson never trust not even family ha ha ha
"do i wanna go to my moms house hmmm not really but they want me to come over, what to do,what to do??"
had dinner with the fam bam and now in an hour need to head home to clean the house yeppee
just uploaded new pics    check 'em out ppplease
is wondering what to do tonight <propmale> is grounded and there is a bbq going on tonight what to do what to do
now time for laundry lol    after that is done i am done for the night yay well on second thought i might just do that tomorrow lol    its cold out lmfao
"house almost clean, moving <propmale> in joshes room today and laundry is almost done, two to wash three to dry lol yea 4 loads all together so mainly just started ha ha ha  "
"is thinking how to end my night    got alot done so now i am gonna read for alittle bit  just me, <propmale> and the boys almost done with year six of <propmale> potter yay"
wow i am so tired need to go to the doctors i think    this isnt normal for me at all
everything is doing okay been going understand when people never have time to themselves finally going to sleep <propmale> woke up with a bad dream so time to cuddle night night
omg i am so grrr this morning ! wish i could just sleep it off
"is finally going to bed, vampire diaries was freaking awesome!!! can't wait until next week    can't believe that i had that many dishes to do tonight lol will be passed out ib about an hour yay night night facebook"
french toast and coffee in morning really helps people out with grumpyness lol    now just to do morning dishes and i can read alittle bit
friday night and nothing to do  video games with hubby and maybe watching a movie sounds like a good night to me  <propmale> broke my pink phone today totally upset but will have my replacement by monday well i am hoping anyways
out and about doing the fun stuff  need to go get jeremiahd make up for his comsume!!!
going to do candys hair and makeup tonight this is gonna be hella fun lol
it is not fun anymore getting dressed up for halloween lol takes to freaking long
pahrump sucks for halloween but the kids had fun and got that <propfemale> so i am happy that there happy    smile 
"gonna clean house and then get ready to go get food for the house!!! yep one busy day today for the everybody, <propfirst> might be coming out so my hubby will be playing his fingers off "
god my whole day is screwed up     i wish people would look at the importance of what i was doing compared to theres!!!
"had tacos for dinner, was awesome now i think i can get away with reading for alittle bit before clean up time for the kiddos ha ha ha"
kiddos all cleaned up and just found out another book that i really really want came out on the 26th    omg i wish i had more money grrrr    year 7 of <propmale> potter and the 5th book for blue bloods called misguided angel  i still have to read torment i am one busy girl with my books!!!
just found out when alot of my books are coming out and some are already out    6 books and i would be okay until the end of december    ummm any ideas on how to round up money for my happiness lol
ever get bored and just wanna scream like can these people hurry the fuck up already!!
om    wow i had a rush of a day    now i can read for a couple of hour before bed!! yay is at home relaxing
guess it bed time for me!! drop on me tomorrow i will be here like always
damn what a day    tomorrow will be just as busy has well so lets hope i have time tomorrow to chat it up lol    well good night everyone!!
good morning everyone!!! today is gonna feel like a great day!! well lets hope anyways
<propmale> is eating a sandwich and watching cartoons i think right now is the best time to read 
"having one of those days, my stomach is killing me and i dont know why"
vampire diaires is awesome half way through the other half to go lol
"what are you suppose to do when you have a family member go completely insane with anger that you just dont anything to do with them  but you cant say goodbye becuase you love them, god life sucks"
i just woke up and i already want to go back to sleep wtf!!
god i dont feel great today grrr   been in bed all day and i am never just laying in my bed i am up doing stuff i am just a off person today!!!
i swaer this pain needs to end already grrrrr have to clean my house slowly or in it too much to bare!!
is so done with everything!!! i neeed a hugggge break
"anyone have a plan for me to feel better, i am always good when i first wake up grrr  i have a appointment tomorrow so i should feel better soon"
"have to go, laptop is dying ttyl guys!!!"
why would i send a request to people if i didnt like them how does that add up lol
"well i am on year seven of <propmale> potter now, now i amwishing my freaking wal mart would have the book that i really really want already    imprinted sista or bestie please help me ha ha ha"
is thinking of when to leave to start my daily errands
"at the hospital with a family friend, this place is freaking colod cold cold"
home <propmale> bound for the night finally!! now i can relax with my book and huge pillow yay
grrrrrrrr why do you always let people step on us huh huh
"well tomorrow is doctor day, cross your fingers for me please if you know whats going on  time for <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows before bed     this nook is freaking awesome!!! night everyone"
awake and tring to think if i want a bath or just a shower hmmmm
"lets see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  lets see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your    status i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  ?"
"well i am happy the doctors told me happy news and i love it  thank god i am not prego, not a great time but now i have to fix whats going on with me that doesnt center around having a baby  yay <propfemale>!!"
is totally stoked for vampire diaries  and <propmale> potter tonight!!!
"look at my wall photos put up school pics of <propmale>  comment, like or tag them to yourself thanks"
i cant figure out how to work the games on here anymore tried and tried but sorry if i cant help you out!!
got 3 chapters read now time for beddie bye    have a full bed tonight <propmale> fell off his bed tonight so he wont sleep anywhere but in bed with us oh well 
"and by the way vampire diaries was unbelieveable!!! i loved it now it looks like i have to wait until dec 2nd for the new episode grrrr  and watched year one of <propmale> potter tonight on abcfamily, it wasnt that much off from the book lol"
is going to go watch a movie with a <propmale>!!! well most likely i will just read while he watchs but its time with my angel baby
ha ha ha got vampire dairies season one downloaded    and now i am going to read my book until i get too tired night night
hey hey hey everyone!!! is going to watch some <propmale> potter until i have have get ready for birthday party  this is going to be so much fun
awww how come they had make him die in that movie huh huh!!! how unfair lmfao
i wanna sleep in more!! i am so freaking tired
dinner was yummy now we have to wait an hour for dessert no bake reeses cake lol its gonna be bomb dig!!
gonna order my book next week yay
i cant believe today is moving so freaking fast
"that bath was epic, i feel refreshed, i got alot done today and tomorrow i have a full day too  well good night everyone!!"
morning to all and have a good day
just got done eating taco <propfemale> yummy now time to call a friend and read my book
why am i up so darn early!!!  its okay though i can actually drink coffe and read this morning lol
wow <propmale> potter ended wonderful cant wait to see the movies for year 7 and i will fullfilled  now i am waiting and waiting for breaking <propfemale> part one to be ready for the movie theatre lol   well night night everyone
coffee coffee coffee
"coffe is good in the mornings, is going to read for alittle bit then take a long ass shower"
is thinking about reading a few chapter before bed    and waiting for my nay or legz to call me!!
is def going to go insane from all these allergies
why do i have to go places today lol
"morning well afternoon to you all, last airbender is a great movie!! no kids so some freedom"
well that blows my day!!
gonna watch a movie and chill     hope it dont give me nightmares ha ha ha
the movie splice was omg yuck!
"why am i up, i need to go back to sleep lol"
"bath time, this is going to feel great"
"is thinking about watching pretty little liars season one on my laptop, relaxing with my babys"
watched 3 episodes of pretty little liars now i am going to read some more of my book  
is watching tv!!
"washing my bed items and clothes today, i have a filling day ahead of me grrrr"
"i hate washing clothes every week, it is such a drag"
3 more loads to wash and then i have to put everything away!!! this is moment that i wish i had a maid ha ha ha
3 more loads to wash and then i have to put everything away!!! this is moment that i wish i had a maid ha
everything is done but my bath    grrrr i feel like today went by way to fast
almost finished with torment i get my misguded angel between the 30th though the 3rd totally happy  my hubbys home so now i can relax lol
"tonight is one of those nights that me, myself and i is not handling right!"
can this morning get any fucking worse!!! fucken a
"thanksgiving dinner is prepared, tomorrow is gonna be awesome, my <propfirst> is playing the saints and <propfirst> is gonna win!!!!"
"just finished reading torment, i cant wait for passion to come out     hell yea the fallen series is awesome!! team <propmale> ha ha ha"
team <propfirst> i meant ha ha ha i got the immoral series and the fallen series lover guys meshed up lol
killers the movie was funny shit lol    great actors and actress and funny story line good night everyone    happy thianksgivving to every and have a save holiday weekend!
happy thanksgivings everyone watching the macys parade and drinking some coffee!!
hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!! made my own turkey this year was totally stoked! well time to go night night after i read to relax for a few then gonne pass out with the hubby
"is actually relaxing today, yesterday was fun but busy lol that is great way to spend a busy day "
is watching victorious freak the freak out and chillen in my warm ass bed lol
gonna watch a movie with my hubby and wrap up my night     do you ever feel like your day can have much more lol nighty night
"gonna have a one of those days, i dont want to go anywhere"
is at home doing nothing useful but i will be here in a few lol
have a busy house but everything is in slow motion
chillen watching a movie with my nieces    tonight and today felt so weird  anybody else feel the same way??
today it felt great to actually sleep in for once  now can i get away with reading and relaxing  until i have to go get the joshie??? ummm that is interesting question lmfao
2 hours and counting until i have to go get the little one    god i am going to love having two boys together tonight
joshie is home happy had fun visiting with my nieces and now tonight bed time early i am so tired
being productive and getting the laundry done    then thinking about going and visiting me grandma and grandpa   
"i am having such a good day, hubby came home happy and my book came in today  almost done reading night <propfemale> which is a awesome installment to the immoral series now next is misguided angel!!!"
today was a fucked up day!! my money gone and had get change together for ciggs grrr
"on the road again, i am so tired of this shit    i wish i could relax every once in a while "
"today is already starting to look up, gonna clean my garage and house and then relax and try to get some more of my book read   so how is everyone else"
is finally gonna relax    yay!! had one of those days
god these people are fucking retarded!!
is gonna eat <propfirst> dees and play video games with my hubby    having issues with <propmale> getting potty training any ideas anyone!
is gonna eat <propfirst> dees and play video games with my hubby    having issues with <propmale> getting potty training any ideas anyone!
"omg thanks nay for reminding me about the show, i am having one of those fucking days that i would have forgot all about it"
45 minutes and counting     i am so stoked to watch the new episodes of vampire diaries yay! thank to nay for reminding me if you didnt get my other status lmfao    back to playin video games until then though   catch em kill em
vampire diaries was freaking awesome!! why oh why does things happen to <propfirst> grr
gettong better and better at darts f yea!!
half my shopping is done now just time to finish it tomorrow  going to the releasing party for eclipse at 11pm so i can get my movie yay!!
an hour and a half until i can head to walmart for eclipse yay   
"well more like an hour and 15 minutes    i wanna get at least one gift from the release party lol, i am such a dork!!"
got my movie totally loving it but now i have to wait 3 more days until my books comes out 
"hey facebook geez i be slacking today lol  so here is what i have learned you have to get the two disc for eclipse for deleted scenes, i got mine tell me when you get yours ha ha ha"
"change your default fb picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same  c'mon everyone!!!!"
making my son a facebook     will have the info for his <propfemale> for family only   
quick shower and idk after that    i have to finish shopping sometime this weekend though
is thinking that i am losing my head! time to read and relax and cuddle with the hubby
"talking to my imprinted sista, god i cant wait until <propfirst> or feb!"
is thinking about re reading a couple of books of mine   
i need sleeeeeep  niebors was loud last night and my puppy wouldnt shut up  i am so grrr
hey everyone sorry i haven't been on  been extra busy and just plain tired!! but i am excited for everything in the next week and weekend  yay! i get to be artsy and crafty lmfao
i wanna play the number game!! someone e playful lain it to me pppplease  sad 
i actuallt slept past 10 smile 0 this morning i know its only 30 minutes but god it feels good
today has been one busy day for me  and tomorrow is alot of driving lmfao well i guess life is telling me get a move on it lol how is everyones night??
today started off wondefrful!! first i woke up late couldnt take a shower but had to get dressed and go pick up my mom now i am waiting at doctors for my mom to be finished    today will wonderful
vampire diaries was omfg amazing!! i cant wait until next week for the next episode!!
so this morning already sounds wonderful  go <propfemale> kat
"wait until we get to the sand box    \slap like a kid\"" what am i supoose to do with that?? what laugh lmfao"""
never ever will i play tip cup and beer <propfemale> in one night again  those two drinking games can get you fucked up
so today i got my book  it came in the mail  i aint <propmale> over but i am tired from being up way past my bed time lol   tonight i am sleeping
why oh why huh huh lol night night facebookers
i hate that i have to clean clean clean today but it has to be done
i just wish this week would hurry up already lol
i need the car so i can get some ciggerettes grrrr
"well i have had a rough two days but they paid off, she is going to be just great!! yay"
is up again tonight taking care of serria  this is going to be 4 nights in a row now and i am working on 15 hours of sleep in the last 4 days  i pray to god <propfemale> comes to your guys ten times full!!!!
hve to go the health store tomorrow  my puppy will get better!!!
thank you my baby    today is your day promise! good morning facebookers
hey everyone good new my puppy is starting to attempt to drink on her own and her energy is coming back which is an awesome sign  cross your fingers for her and people that know her please keep her in your prayers please thank you
just got done cleaning sierras area so the virus isnt staying in there and around her  god 3 more days to most of this and she will make it out of this and be healthly once more    i am determined to make it so
this isnt something that alot of people like to hear but its great news to me    serrias bowel movements are parvo smell free and she keeping alot in now  i am so proud of her for sticking though this with me helping her and thank you faith for letting me keep my dog  not out of the wood works yet almost though
progress to the good by way steps and back track alittle    but to know that she is progressing is a great thing
today seirra is walking around and wagging her tail  not drinking and eating on her own yet but she will soon  i have overpowered this bump in the road and saved my dog  will let the people who wanted updates know when she starts drinking and eating on her own thanks for the support from people who gave it!!
going on the 7th day and tomorrow she should be eating and drinking her own  gotta love the faith me and seirra had in the last week  tonight i might get to sleep
got the laundry done and now i am relaxing and getting some well earned reading done  if only <propmale> would go to freaking bed!!!
if you had to choose between twilight or <propmale> potter which would you choose? just wanting to ask
"serria finally touched some food, she did it all by herself  i am so happy and excited!! now she is whinning at the gate to get out of the bathroom yeppers she is really getting better smile "
just woke up and i wanna go back to bed    i dont feel good today
why does parents have to bug there kids huh    fucken a
"today was just one of those days, bath and shower fixed me up and now i feel complete with my daily tasks  tomorrow is going to be one hell of a day  i can already tell"
"this show called\ how i met you mother  is pretty funny!!! i cant turn off the tv lmfao"""
serria is eating and drinking on her own now  i am so relieved and happpy!!! she is very tired now but but she actually plays now hella yea
watching remember me on my laptop! i adore this movie
god kids kids kids i wish i had a break without the stress!!i
is it ever going to stop raining?? this is the 6th day and still the same has yesterday 
it aint pouring but it rains alittle here and there  god this winter is gonna suck with the coldness  something tell me that its gonna snow but of course it wont stay day by day but a white christmas does sound nice
ten million weighs have been taken my shoulders and every day gets better with my feelings towards my choice ! got presents for kids and cleaned now time for beddy bye goodnight facebookers!!
sorry false alarm put the present under the tree and now i am realy going to bed!i
omg sleep early tonight  i dont want to sleep my life away geez!!
"that movie was funny has hell!! \dispicable me\"" it was nice watching a movie with the fam bam  now its time for the grown up movie"""
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! tomorrow the boys can open there gifts they are so excited
<propfemale> christmas!! kids are having fun with things they got and they are having nothing but smiles!!
gonna watch inception now with the fam bam and then clean up for the night! today was a very very long day!!!!
my livingrooms carpet was cleaned tomorrow i get to have fun with my stairs and my room  yippie lol
"step up 3 was a awesome movie, wish i would of seen it in 3d in the theatre  well time to relax and get some rest have a long ahead of me tomorrow  yay me"
time for another day and another day of what next!!
tomorrow is my grandma's birthday but she still walks and acts like a 30 year old women god bless her  big family dinner for the celebration god that ham is freaking huge!!i
did you know that a tourist bus got in a car wreck in egypt  what is the world coming to lol
resident evil afterlife is hella good so far lol
"that movie had such a <propmale> hanger, i so cant wait until the next movie    it better be has good has the video game ha ha ha"
that bath was yummy    i feel like a new women    this weekend is going to be a heavy two days! tomorrow night we are watching salt i so thing <propfemale> <propfemale> is one sexy women!!
good night everyone time for sleep    for once its before 3 smile 0am lol
today is too quiet    i neeeeed my kids back!
today is going by slow slow slow!!!
why does that happen huh huh? get almost done with the level and then you main guy dies so you fail the mission grrrr
"is learning to play bing <propfemale> lol with a ghetto table, i think i caught on very well lmfao"
this sux i cant do all those quizes cause wifi isnt working right grrr  oh well it might work better tomorrow and my internet chip is being ghetto so it looks like it mobile i stay lmfao
happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!!i anybody gonna party tonight    who are you kissing at midnight!!
hell yea stairs and joshuas room only thing left to carpet clean now i am excited to put my boys in there in own rooms again what a wreck with them in the same room !!!! my kids have too much ish you know
it looks like the snow is going to stick yay!! maybe i can bundle up and play in it but there is a 50 50 <propmale> it wont so cross your fingers if you like snow tomorrow to play in
the snow is coming and stopping but its okay the kids are having blast playing it
pretty little liars today all day hell yea
pretty little liars is awesome i cant believe it!! still watching it but i needed to updated!!
is thinking that its time for a walk lol    i need ciggerettes lmfao but damn baby its cold outside ha ha ha  i used to have a coffee cup that said that
been keeping myself busy writting another short story and it is completely different from the other one    how is everyone today??
"legz will be here this evening and dinner is done and i have eaten now all i need is my baby to get home and my night will be set, thinking about renting a movie any suggestions lol"
is bored bored bored
is going to go food shopping n then i dont know watch s movie on my laptop ha ha ha
wal mart is always packed around this time it sux
ate a salad now i have to wait for a minute for my dinner spaghetti    i cant eat has much anymore what is wrong with me lmfao
damn me and <propfemale> are going to get this puzzle almost done!!
"omg people are stupid cant you go more then a month without drama!! delete me, talk shit on me but sorry to say you are the one looking like a fool!!"
today just seems to breeze right on by lol    ever wish days were always like that lmfao
damn these foggers on the car suck some <propmale> ass!!
dinner was good now time for clean up and then bed after two episodes on my laptop lol night y'all
"ever have one of thing to where you fall asleep and dont remember doing it, i love those naps lmfao"
got my internet chip fixed totally happy   finally and the worse part is i am the one that fixed att didnt do anything but confuse me more
drunk and trying to sober up ha ha ha maybe a walk will help lets see
downloading music and being bored what is up with nothing to do in the vrappy town
something just reminded me pretty little liars is on tonight     omg i am so excited
3 loads of laundry left and then i have to help <propmale> with his    he is getting so big
"ribs, mashed potatos, corn and gravy for dinner!! god i am such a busy <propfemale> today lmfao"
pretty little liars at 8pm legz is caughting up on the them 2 more episodes then she up to date on the show    i wonder who is a lol
is thinking that it is now time to start reading i have had a long and busy day today    why such a rush to get things now a day but when you slack it never ever gets done!!
by the way pretty little liars was awesome!!! cant wait until next week
can you believe how the weather is changing from very very cold to just chilly wow how much it feel different
bath and shower felt awesome!! now its time to get dinner on a roll    i wonder whats on tv tonight ummmm
just got done putting songs on my playlist    still need to add more but there is enough for now    how is everyone tonight
"that cheeseburger was bomb      now its time to clean my kitchen and head to bed soon    early morning tomorrow  wanted to say love nay, call you tomorrow when you get off work"
my puppy is in her first heat    now i have to make sure she dont get outside without a leash ha ha ha
"is going to sleep, god i look at the book i am reading and think god all of that to read ummmm"
"just woke up, god i need to think about what to do today!!"
wow a day so far nothing to do in this lame ass town   
pizza tonight this is going to be yummy yummy   !!
nothing to do but to go smoke a ciggerette and go to bed    well actually read until i pass out ha ha ha    need to get things together for tomorrow!!!
legz is leaving tonight    and i am so very tired tired! beerbong in my garage right now lol
i feel over tired!!!!!
<propmale> went to sleep in joshies room and i cant get hime to come to bed oh well i tried alot more then once to move him
need to walk across the street and to the electric company so i can pay the <propmale> on time    ummm are they open on saturdays
"its all good, due date is for monday lol  today is going to be one quiet day no kids and nothing to go do lol, i think i can really roll my mind on all different things"
"hubby is home safe and sound, now i can sleep    fucker walked out of there way to get home was over by the school that is what happens when two drunk people are walking home they get lost nighty night"
i am thinking that today will be a good day!!
time for bed    i need sleep!! i have alot to do tomorrow
is actually thinking about going to sleep right now   
please lord help me not kill the people i am angry at!i
"laundry is almost done my house is clean and i am waiting for things needed for dinner, pretty little liars is going to be crazy i can feel it!! i feel alot better because my garage is clean tomorrow is my back yard and then i can say by tonight i am going to be done with awakened "
is 30 pages away from being done with awakened  gonna finish that and then hit shack with my hunny good night everyone
why is my nose getting all freaking stuffy gad freaking damnitt!!! i think its allergies but who freaking knows here i go again tring to stay asleep
i am so grr with today i feel blah!!
that chicken and mashed potatos was bomb bomb bomb!!! i am so full cake for later  white cake with cream cheese frosting lol  is thinking that i wont want to eat tomorrow lol
tonight seems like a good night to relax and just watch tv  i got everything cleaned and trash by the road so it will be a good night
"goodnight everyone, it feels so freaking great outside    i have my bedroom window wide open!!"
well well well i hate to say this my morning is cold    my hubby forgot to close the window gosh darn it
i cant believe i fell asleep watching <propfemale> with my son  ha ha ha  funny ish
well i finally check my facebook on my laptop nice one legz and i think its time to put something together for my hubbys birthday tomorrow!!!
i got a friend that has puppies he is giving away for free i just uploaded the pictures so take a look and if you interested holla at me i can you a puppy thanks
it is now matts birthday    ha ha ha time to read and then bed    i have a long day tomorrow i have a friend with pups they were born on christmas <propfemale> so they are around 5 weeks old that are for free if you like one or wanna look at them i put up pictures of them check them out there is only 6 puppies so hurry up and grab one   
"it looks like today is going to be a long day, my hubbys birthday is today, have a meeting at jeremiahs school and still have 4 more puppies to give away so hurry up and grab one guys!"
<propfirst> just kicked my ass in <propfemale> <propfemale> lol    i get winner with <propfirst> and <propmale> lol   
"happy birthday to <propmale>, happy birthday to <propmale>, i love the dearest so have a great happy birthday to you lol"
"the puppies will be at my house tomorrow so let me know if you want one hurry up cause i will only keep them at my house for 24 hours, only 2 puppies left!!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rf0hhrwiwp0
well night night everyone time to view the back of my eyes   dont forget puppies here tomorrow holla at me
just upload two pictures of the last puppy available  she is girl so if you interested please let me know i will give her to you   she is playfull and just adoreable!!
dinner is cooked and everybody is eating    i cant eat tonight for some reason oh well but the fam bam ate so i am happy 
bath and shower was epic now its time to watch knight and day with <propmale> cruise should be a great night!
"i dont wanna wake up, i dont wanna wake up god i am so tired"
"c,mon guys a little girl puppy adoreable and loveable    she needs a good home!"
god i wish people wont tell me they want a puppy and then not tell me they changed there minds its quite rude
hamburger helper for dinner     waiting for the hamburger so i can cook it lol
"dinner was bomb dig, feed the puppies and now i am going to walk across the street to the store     dominos!!"
today is just a wierd day for me  maybe i will take a walk down to the park or something  idk
got jeremiahs invations done for his birthday party it will be on the 5th of feb  on a saturday  it starts at 5pm at the dandelion park!!
anybody have any ideas how to get a cheap round trip in the air god    all of them were like 350 00 or more  geez!! if any ideas let me know i will look
"today is gonna be one of those day, i feel like ish but not sick ish just out of place    and freaking confused about this airline shit"
pretty little lairs tonight hella yea!! i can wait for thursday for the new episode of vampire dairies
long joh silvers family bag for 10 <propmale> tonight yummy
redbull!!!!!
"i think i worded it wrong though, i want a redbull with a hint of gin like real soon lmfao"
"why is my son such a rotten ass in the morning, first of all he pulls my hair, calls people on my phone all before 9am grrrr"
pancakes and bacon yummy! now i can relax until lunch time 
dressed and good for the day now i need to clean up my house     i also have to do laundry geez does this job ever end
almost down for my bath and shower hell yea i am going to sleep well tonight!
that bath and shower was deep down great!! tomorrow is going to be a good no matter how i wake up sick or well  
that was funny shit    that commercial is one of a kind  how can people laugh like that  ha ha ha
",tring to get my usher going but i cant let it burn~ just a dream"
oh yea i am feeling it today!!!
"aww shit here is the headache, crap i am going to be so grumpy tomorrow i already know"
why oh why i feel weak!!!
i got it clean for the night now i can read until i cant keep my eyes open anymore  tomorrow i get to see my boy get student of the month at 9am totally stoked!! night night peeps!!!
omg i am waiting for legz to call and then i can fall asleep lol    i feel alittle better tonight so hopefully tomorrow i will be in surpreme health! well good night
i didnt make it to the award show for <propmale> but <propmale> made it and he said it was great to see <propmale> win an award  i will get to hug and kiss him when he gets home !
omg i want that freaking book!!!
april 5 the fourth book for the mortal instruments is being released who else is totally stoked for that yay
omg omg omg i thing i am more excited for these movies the twilight ever    sorry <propfirst> and <propfemale> but jace and clary is bomb!
don't let go    don't let go    to my love  can i get to your soul? can you get to my thought?
vampire diaries is off the hook!!!
well i am in the mood to write my story tonight i am on chapter 4 already and it is coming along very well
almost done with chapter four then bed time  night night everyone
"i cant believe its morning already, night time always goes to fast for me lol"
lunch was bomb dig  yummy!!!
omg omg my son <propmale> is 8 years old today  i cant believe how the time flys by!!!
<propmale> dont feel too great  his tunny hurts and he is just so tired! well lets see if things around me will turn up for the greater good 
well <propmale> feels tons better and he is going to sleep so it is awesome that tonight is my bath and shower night hell yea i so look forward to these nights ha ha ha
is done with the bullshit going to say bye to you and you say bye to me  just remember that i will always love you!
pretty little liars and then a good night sleep tomorrow is a new day  lets just hope that it is better then how today turned out 
"pretty little liars was awesome, i got my kitchen and livingroom cleaned up now i can go to sleep night y'all!"
good morning everyone today its <propfemale> outside and just plain blah  wind wind go away please come back another day ha ha ha
that was a good movie i think i like owls plus they are so beautiful lol
just woke up! i need to think of how i can fully wake up without coffee grrr
is waiting for my <propfemale> to get hom and my <propmale>  hope there isnt another naughty note brought home again  he was doing so good and then bam here it comes
today is ending on an awesome note    hell yea totally stoked for everything right now
time to head out and spend the rest of the night with my hubby after this youtube video night y'all
need to find good health insurance for my kids any suggestions people
can tonight get any worse geez i fucking hate people that get lazy
they better not kill her off this show i will scream
bath and shower felt bomg dig now i can relax and read my book  have a million things to do tomorrow and time never helps me 
is waking up to my busy busy busy day   
saw the final chapter was good good  cleaned cleaned cleaned today  my room is moved around and looking great and now i am going to relax and read for real this time good night everyone
today is <propfemale> i might have to move the party to my house
i got the main part for the party done now its just vacuuming and the cleaning of the living room and back yadr and i am done until its time to cook yay
i am dead to her so she is dead to me i am so walking and never taking a look back again
buper bowl sunday hell yea     black and yellow      black and yellow fuck steelers is going to take this home!!!
only 11 points behind they catch up just you watch!!!
that was bullshit but it was a good game and a close game good game packers but your lucky steelers didnt keep that ball!!
tonight is all peaceful wow chillen playing split second and kids in bed hell yea!!!
anybody think arbys sound awesome lol god i am craving the good food lmfao
well good morning everyone today seems like a quiet day so far
chicken sandwich was bomb dig  now lets see if i can actually read and now get tired
pretty little liars was a good tonight!! smile  my joshis is almost potty trained for during the day  i am so proud of him  now i can relax with the hubby good night everyone!!!
wow i never realized how bomb jumper the movie was until tonight!! ha ha ha thats quite funny well this time it is bed time  got into the movie and now see what happens your up hella late
why do people turn off my alarm and then leave how does that make sense!!!!
today was just plain wierd    anybody else have a off day today??
pizza was good now i can think of what do to tonight after i clean up hummmm lets see!
going to clean and get the trash rounded up then a bath and shower    omg i am so excited for bed i am so tired!
bath and shower was oh so great  now i have things done and myself cleaned up lol  lets see what on tv most likely nothing ha ha ha
well am up and ready for today    already thinking of what i need to do hummmmmm
the mail system is fucked up i never recieved what i needed in the mail now its alot of paperwork and shit i should have to do grrrr
got everything together and now i just have turn them in tomorrow yay
just wanted to send a pray and support my girl <propfemale>  i am here for you and i love you  i am so sorry about what happened today
loving all the support that <propfemale> and her husband <propfirst> is getting for loss  it is a wonderful to know people out there has hearts and is using the there good will to help such a wonderful family!
is finalyy going to bed god    i am so wrapped up  totally happy getting my plane tickets to see my naybaybay really really soon!!! good night everyone  and god bless everybody who helping the broadhead family  good <propfemale> is heading your way
i can honestly say that today is just one of those tiring days that i have to wake up but really dont want to grrr
today i have extra energy that i dont how to use god damnitt i need to go do something
i cant believe i played a game for that long oh well  i have to be up for the day in  5 hours so good night and good morning to everybody lol
playing naurto so i can get better on this game plus i am so tired! <propmale> is with his grandma and from what i see trying to find all her <propfemale> lol have fun grandma
people and things are just twisted i just want to get food in my tummy and then go to bed!! i am overly tired today  i could fall asleep sitting up
i am so sick of seeing pwople write ill of her    it just pisses me the fuck off she made the mistake and now she feels it in her heart can you just lay off??
this god damn game  is addicting couldnt sleep so i started playing now i cant stop playing it lmfao    game and book worm geez what a combo huh
i sick      i sick     i sick     i cant breathe and now my coughing is getting worse i hate this crap
"watched two movie with my hubby, cleaned the house but still more to do tomorrow so good night everyone!"
happy valentines day everyone    so glad that people are having a wonderful day on the day that is all about love
i am so very sick i sound and feel like crap    i need to get better
pretty little liars tonight    hell yea!! going to be laying down the rest of the day and relaxing so i can get better   just took some mucin laugh m that should make me breathe better!
thank god there is great people in this world to that can actually help the ones that are needing it   i am crossing my fingers and praying that everything works out for you little momma
going to take more medicican so i can get better my head is feeling big again
is kinda better today but the nose isnt all the way cleared up yet but i can say that the medicication is working really great!!
naruto here i come    since i am sick i can catch up to my hubby in this game
this damn cold is finally disappearing hell yea i can actually breathe and i can say i will be better in 2 days flat!!! funeral tomorrow and hopefully two big monster higs to <propfemale> from me and my dawsena  nighty night everyone!
took a nap now i am awake but wanna go back to sleep i feel better today from this cold but i can say comfort helped alot today
wow that really does suck    feeling better slept most of the day now i cant sleep i need something that will put me to sleep lol 
can finally go to sleep good night everyonei
today just seems so wierd oh well
"three more loads to wash, dry and put away and i am done cleaing for the day    ummm what sounds good for dinner?????"
another crazy night    my hubby is drunk and i cant seem to find good rate airfare for a round trip anywhere i will search tomorrow maybe i might have better luck with it then if you have help please holla    i wanna go see my girl nay next month lol
this potty training thing gets better and then he just goes backwards  i wish this was easier! getting my new phone today hell yea!
i missed my freaking show last night now i have to watch it online tonight wow i wish something was on tv right now  this is lame!
oh yea going to get dressed n wait for my hubby to get home so we can walk together to the at&t store together  i am so happy that things are turning around for the better 
got a new phone and its badass
facebook is awesome when you are bored lmfao
been so busy now i think i need to sleep so i can be good for tomorrow got ky plane tickets leaving for ohio on the 8th will be arriving on the 9th at 10th am
getting my htc to be me me me lmfao
pretty little liars on in 5 minutes  i can't wait for the boys to go sleep so i can lmfao
lunch is here hmmm let's see what looks good
"bath was awesome and the shower topped it off, now its time for bed   hoping the snow leaves ohio by the 9th of march lol"
looking and waiting for my hubby to get home
lord give me the strength to not lose my mind with my two boys!!!
is going to have a good night of sleep  let's just hope these pills work huh    check out the videos i uploaded from youtube they ate quite hilarious lmfao
today should be awesome  i talked to my <propfemale> yay and tonight for dinner its steak yummy
i can't believe that today is almost over    
hubby fell asleep like wtf!!!!
alittle drunk but i feel good    tims a hitch and going to sleep    lame
i meant to say tims a bitch lol see drunk texting don't work
new video on its way    we are all drunk it buzzed lol
good night everyone     its sleepy time for me
i am so tired geez
"may make my heart aw a millstone, set my face as a flint, cheat and be cheated, and die: who knows??? we are ashes and dust"
la la la the house us clean and washing up those clothes this day will be complete
"i dare not always touch her, lest the kiss  leave my lips charred  yea, lord, alittle bliss, brief bitter bliss, one hath for a great sin; nathless thou knows how sweet a thing it is"
bath and shower was gggrrrreat i loved it    now time to read and sleep ummm wonderful day see you tomorrow
"anybody want or need a female pit and lab puppy    our next door nieghbor had her and then threw her out, didn't feed or take care of her and i am trying to get her a good home  she is very good with kids and very playful but she is alittle scared  she was outside with no food or water for over a week    if interested please let me know i will send you a picture of her   <propfemale> name is <propfemale>"
out for the night    if you wanna join us holla
at benders playing some beer <propfemale> alittle fucked up lol leave me some love
at benders playing some beer <propfemale> alittle fucked up lol leave me some love
at home in bed where i belong    at the midnight flyer at pahrump nugget it was bomb dig now i can go to bed without the spinning lol nighty nite
almost done packing and then i have to clean so i can watch pretty little liars and chill with the fax bam before i take off tomorrow      nay i am going to see you really soon!!!!
what to do to keep myself awake ummmm lets see
that bath and shower was incredible i feel so refreshed lol    everything is done and packed!!! i will be heading into vegas to catch my plane at 4 or 5 pm my time    i am so stroked
that bath and shower was incredible i feel so refreshed lol    everything is done and packed!!! i will be heading into vegas to catch my plane at 4 or 5 pm my time    i am so stoked
why am i awake        why
heading to the airport   
readycfor take off omg i am excited but freaked at the same time
made it milwaukee    god feels good to smoke cigarette
flight was canceled so now i am waiting for the 3:45pm flight    geez milwaukee sux
i am number 4 was a bass movie     nay jumped in one part lol
going out to eat and hopefully going to the book store     snow is melting yay
dinner was good    hopefully the book store is open  cross your fingers
127 days was a very good movie    i need to brush my teeth and then bed    night night everyone
i meant to say we watched the next 3 days ha ha ha oh well blonde moment
lizzy needs a vacation lol
i keep locking myself out of nays house this auto lock stuff l    nay had to come and open the door for me
everything was fun but now going back to being a mommy to my two babies      
is with my hubby and made it to vegas safe waiting for mom to get done gambling then i  am on my way home
omg my bed feels wonderful    can't sleep too excited about seeing my loud mouths in the morning ha ha
is sick sick sick omg i hate this crap
i hate it when your sick you sleep sleep sleep but when you wanna go back to sleep you can't grrr
this <propfemale> is huge    might not sleep has well
i think i will be okay way off at the moment but i will do okay    laundry day today    hopefully i can get everything done
"ii let it fall, my heart and as it fell you <propfemale> to claim it  it was dark and i was over until you kissed lines and you saved me   "
i am gonna scream ppl is done after tonight
i can't seem to get my ass in gear for laundry lmfao    i need more soap
everybody take a look at the videos i uploaded   u will freak
ummm
ooomg i got to see my hoku and my charisma again today thanks for the surprise hoku i love ya and now heading out to get the bratha lol
i can't believe my weekend is already over grrr
so how many people ditches myspace for facebook
taco <propfemale> is aaaammmmaaaazzzzzing lmfao
watching togo bear lol
wow what a night!!!!
"just shoot me in the head, leave me for dead,every night i pray for death, with what should be my last breath, let me go, be it fast or be it slow, it's gotta be time for me to leave,for i wear my heart on my sleeve,let go and do not grieve "
i don't want that date to come around     how do i skip that day completely
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if you are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops "
today already feels like crap
i hate to say this but i can't handle this boys grrr
night is almost over    hell yea  i am getting alittle sleepy
the tourist was twisted i liked it a lot   <propfirst> d you are one hot actor
god this wind feels great
last load on the dryer and now dinner going on the oven lmfao
well good morning pahrump today is going to be a great day
d if you're not scared!!!! put this on your status and see what people rate you!!!!! (1) crazy  (2) i'd marry you (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic  (5) i miss you  (6) i'd kiss you  (7) beautiful  ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) random  (11) smart ass  (12) funny  (13) fit  (14) amazing  (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile  i love you  (19) weirdo (20) friends forever 
well time for beddy bye    hit me up tomorrow sorry lizzys my phone died earlier ily
"o if your dad is or was a hard working man, is and always will be your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad, or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  smile  i love my dad!!!"
i am going to bed stef lol night
watching a movie with the big screen and then off for a bath and shower yum
beer <propfemale> can get you feeling wonderful
"tonight seems like a weird night   movies, chillen, reading well that is my plan ha ha ha"
at the dmv waiting in line ha gotta love how they do things in this place lol
what does it mean when you dream if snakes and worse it was a cobra
carpets are clean and things are getting right for the spring and summer kiddy pool is going up this weekend
garage and front yard clean up today  i got my life is getting busy
i forgot what yard work felt like on your body lol oh well at least its getting done
i think i am going to do laundry and bath n shower and call it a day i did a lot in the yard today hell yea
getting pierced tomorrow with my girl dawsena this is going to ne great
can this dryer go any freaking slower grrr
how did we meet? copy this on your status and see who remembers! (this should be interesting)
bath and shower is coming pretty damn close ohh this is going to be heaven
now that felt great but my body will feel pain on well     no pain no gain lol might ya'll
**** night****
"i might not be someone's first choice, but i am a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past   but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am   or watch me as i walk away  post this if you're proud of being you!!"
well my ass and legs are killing my from yesterday lol  today is really wind and gonna fuck up what u did yesterday grrr
yeppers i did the damn thing lol     i didn't even think about chickening out lol good job dawsena
will have pics up soon guys lol i am so happy
eating a pop cricle so my face dont swell too much
well its nighty nite time    hope the weather is better tomorrow  i want to get my yard done lmfao
you may not be here to tell me your proud of me or say i love you <propfemale> but you are and always be my dad    i miss you daddy sad 
is thinking that tonight is going to be one of my drunken nights
got the 4th book to mortal instruments just now and 48 beers for some beer <propfemale> i need to have fun already
where did this weather come from    its so freaking cold  this sucks ass
yep it's official i was fucked up last night
bath and shower was wonderful now i feel refreshed     ummm i need to get my hair trimmed again
wow what a night i still can't believe that o slept that freaking much lol
dinner is almost done and yje house is cleaned up tonight will be a early night for me   half way though fade out and then off to kiss of death yay
well today seems that it might go kinda fast  god i hope so i don't wanna you know
pizza for dinner and then bath and shower time for the kiddos
secret life hell ya
tonight is not going has planned    i so can't wait until the boys go to bed
"heads up fb friends, some applications are sending not too nice messages under your identity  if you don't want to get in trouble with your friends, copy paste this message! and if you receive a nasty message from me, rest assured i'm not the one who sent it  most come from a post saying xx answered a question about you  don't go to the site! re-post this!!! hackers are at it again"
omg i miss my hubby     grrrr  he won't be home until morning but god damn i just want a kiss!!! i love you babe
started kiss of fearful in the morganville vampire series yay this is getting better and better
kiss of death i meant to type lol
hubby on his way home    what sucks is i couldn't sleep but i kinda wish i could have with the whole bed to myself lol
i love having my hubby home  smile  today is gonna be a good day
half way done with kiss of death i seriously want to finish this series so i can read the fourth book in the mortal instruments already lmfao
watching tron with my hubby
dinner with fam bam tonight half ready to go lol
house clean and i am ready to go hummm the garage has to sweeped later then work out time hell yes
a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier maybe once in 6 months   a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130    a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldiers is clawed 65%    a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations    a politician vows to defend their country; a soldier actually keeps that promise!    repost if you support our troops!
dinner was bomb but god i couldn't finish it lmfao
damn my bathroom looks wonderful lol    tomorrow is my boys bathroom and then floors along with laundry and omg plus mt daily shit i am one busy mommy
dinner was the dig now time for some vampire diaries
got off on my day late but i made up for it and now its reading time lol
gonna be a bad day with the kids
<propmale> potter part 1 tonight and hopefully i get close to finishing reading ghost town tonight
<propmale> potter rented dinner almost done now what else can i get done ummmm
hey lover love you  smile 
thanks nay for doing that favor for me
ice cream cake was bomb dig lol now its movie time
my joshie is sick fever and all    god i hate seeing him like this and too top it off he won't let me out of his sight
<propmale>'s fever has gone down and he actually ate so its getting better birthday on 19th sucks it's during the week
every day 17 teenagers take their lives because of bullying ; so next time you want to start something ; say something ; or even start a rumor ; think twice before you do   post this if you have a heart ; i bet 99% will    i did  will you?
today is <propmale> school day to have crazy hair day putting up pics in the next 5 minute we did his ish crazy
"the weight you <propfemale> on your shoulders is much too heavy for one human being    ~ give some of that weight where it belongs, -to god, and have faith that what happens is for the best, whether you understand it or not  ~ happy monday!"
facebooj is acting funky today gave me two notifications for the same one    wow i can tell how today is going to be strange
house clean and laundry almost done wow can i say i have <propfemale>n one busy <propfemale> today lmfao     i even scrubbed the boys bath tub lol what is wrong with me today
wow i am one tired momma a couple of clothing to our away then nap time
that nap helped ha ha ha but still tired
everyone plz comment: what celebrity reminds u of me the most  honest opinion and be descriptive
secret life was great     exercised and now i can go get ready for bed   
why in bed and i feel relaxed i am skipping the reading for tonight i am just way too tires nighty nite boys and girls
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes i love all of them
doctors appointment later and i think a movie sounds wonderful
so jackass 3 tonight
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone would please put this as your status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones that you know or love that has or had cancer  my wish is 2011 a cure will be found  will your add this as your status? do it for all  there are too many to mention that have or who are fighting cancer
jackass 3 was funny ish gonna read until i pass out
today went okay just going to clean tomorrow and relax with my hubby
went to the store to get shampoo and stuff for me and jj now <propmale> can leave matts alone lol
vampire diaries tonight this is gonna be great
"got my moms laptop until my can be good to go online with, wish i went to vegas with hoku instead of staying home"
got my email cleaned out and my neighbors kids are pissing me off!!!! i am really grrrr
bath and shower was epic?!!!!! now i look at my house and think why oh why do things always get messy lmfao
"is out to prove that my friends will repost this      i hope i am right  easter is not all about bunnies, chicks, or chocolate eggs  let's lift up gods name and make a statement  when jesus died on the cross, he was thinking of you and me  if you are not ashamed to call jesus your savior, copy and paste"
do you feel that burn     ouch i do i do
what's on your mind?
going to vegas tonight have to do the eggs tomorrow for the boys easter hunt    hit me up on my cellie if you want to get a hold of me
omg this strip fight was so wrong on so many levels     7 on 1 wow
on our way home soon and then time to wake up the hubby    ohhh yea
back in ptown wow i feel like this <propfirst> vis crawling down 160 lmfao
family is here for easter goofing the grill and eggs laid out for the kids today is going to be a great day
no i can't take one more step towards you cause all that waiting is regret  don't you know i ain't your ghost anymore
but i set for to the rain
river monsters is a wicked show   
so how big is your <propfemale>!!!!!!! ha ha ha
joshie got me sick i feelit coming on    god damnitt i hate that my voice is sounding fucked up
words with friends with lizzy and now getting my ass kicked lol
now i am in the lead hell ya!!!
nails are painted     going to read until i pass out leave some luv peeps
i needed a break from people today   
watching walt disney movies on youtube off of the ps3 with the fam bam       today is going great
"this year july has 5 fridays 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese philosophy of feng shui  those who read and do not copy will be without money   had to do it, i'm not taking any chances   "
is going to sleep in a minute just wanted to tell everyone good night
please have your hope and love for those who are infected by the tornado hits up east 
momma 2 is okay thank god this news shit slush scary god bless you all alabama
chicken pot pie and chicken wings for dinner yummy
vampire diaries tonight    house to ourselfs
why is people messing with <propfirst> from i am number four for a tattoo    yea i look at yahoo lol
i can't get the damnitt video up that i want to show you guys but it wont upload grrre
i feel refreshed in everyway clean and hoping that this wind goes away    <propmale> is being a sleepy head today
dinner was bomb i am so full now its time to play the hubby at some video games ha ha ha
today has been two years friend  hope you have been watching over the people you love and always remember that you striper well missed  r i p <propfirst> <propmale>
today has been two years friend  hope you have been watching over the people you love and always remember that you are well missed  r i p <propfirst> <propmale>
"some people need lives and stop string to get into mine!!!! now i that i talked to him, wow truth may set you free   "
"is just going to let those low life people that are lying there asses off make there own bed    and from now on i only trust 4 people fully with my daily issues   oh well whoever did this and you don't like my new attitude go yell at them or even at yourselves if you did this, peace!!!"
ha ha ha i so see right through you    that's funny
wow i just realized you forgot about me yesterday wow
yep  the president is doing one hell of a job with the problems the us has by appearing on oprah yepp such a great president you guys    bombs a country that has nothing to do with us and wants a high five no wonder his invitation to the <propmale> wedding was rovoked ha ha ha
ohh i forgot to mention     he only regrets no fixing the economy first before he did that health care wow he is dumb    medical is one of the problems  that the economy has   ummmm is he so smart now   he don't even know the difference between those two when there isn't one!!!
"why does people get so over worked over people opinion of the president, black people say its because he is black and calling you a racist  and if you are black then its cause you don't love your bloodline like w    t    f!! i love how people try to hide or say that ain't calling you racist but really thats what they are saying!!!!!~!!!"
i am laughing so much over all of this its funny    i think i made laughing lines around my mouth
"watchingthe late show on secret life, had to bath and get <propmale> ready for bed and now i am waiting for my bath and shower!!!"
finally the true colors show    thank god it wasn't 10 years down the road  i wanna watch that old movie bye bye <propfemale> lmfao
dont know if i want to forgive you that quick    what you did was so uncalled for and i can just talk this out   and if you want to sincerly say sorry do it over the phone not in text messages  not mad or pissed anymore but i need time
good night y'all i need to go to sleep if you are in cityville holla at me and send me goodies
today already feels weird lol
"to all my friends that play cityville,please send my friend <propfemale> a friend request smile  thanx guys!"
tats today omg this back one is going to kill me lmfao
"to all my friends that play cityville,please send my friend <propfemale> weiss a friend request smile   thanx guys!"
<propmale> is passed out on my front lawn  and he wont wake up to come inside    <propmale> and <propfirst> walk through the golf course looking for him cause he was lost lol  all we can do for him is give him something to sleep on for his head cause he is too heavy to <propfemale>  he must have been pretty drunk lmfao
happy mother's day mother's out there   
