53c521824214ac6af77da89dc7145f2b
i need to go work out but i'm havin a hard time convincing myself to go do it ha
at home for the night with nothin to do  boredom is horrible
just registered for the act
finishing up my petty officer 3rd and 2nd class course for drill next weekend and gonna do some always lovely pt tomorrow
about to go run and so some more pt then get finished with homework then eat somethin
about to go run and do some more pt then get finished with homework then eat somethin
watching saving private <propfirst>
watching saving private <propfirst>
"stretched and tore ligaments in my thumb, as well as tissue damage   no fun annoyed "
courage wolf's advice: pain is temporary  <propfemale> is eternal    now that's motivation  props to courage wolf!!haha
"i'ma be who i set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtedly and for those who look down on me, i'm tearin down your balcony "
"the only true failure  is accepting failure \thanks courage wolf  he knows everything ha"
just returned from a 3 2 mi  run  good way to start the day but dang i'm tired   now to pack for drill 
"as soon as i find out that i need to print off important forms to fill out before i leave tomorrow and send off, my printer decides to stop working    fml "
no phone annoyed    lost my phone and wallet all on the same day  considering burning those shorts 
finally back home and ready to <propfemale> with friends before school starts back
just wanna say thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday and made it great  i appreciate it
"no more glasses sept  1st, gettin contacts smile "
so freakin bored   nothin to do and stuck at home
uggghhhh  i hate calculus and its only the 2nd day   i hope they let me drop it 
got out of calculus!!!!  smile 
just wrote a new song on piano and it feels great  like weight has been lifted ha   i love music!
"\people sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf\"" 2 more years world  hooyah lavachek!"""
"so for anyone who has ever wondered what kool-aid powder tastes like without added sugar or water, it's nasty and sour   it stains your finger and mouth red as well"
the show went pretty good last night  despite my huge mistake in our opening song haha  good time overall though  thanks to those who came out for it 
"if it moves, kiss it "
hittin up the recording studio tomorrow and can't wait!!
just got home from recording and music will soon be on our myspace! check it out and let us know what you think
"go check out my band's music on myspace!  you, me, and the <propmale>"
20 minute presentation due friday morning and starting it today   now that's what i call preparation haha 
band practice soon   still selling demos and another show in november 
"eye surgery went well but i'm gonna be honest this hurts quite bad and is very annoying  oddly enough, i think i'd rather be at school haha"
i'm definitely ready for my eyes to back to normal now annoyed 
eyes look and feel much better today and cross country banquet tonight 
just got home from my banquet  had a good time and some laughs but had to say goodbye to <propmale> wise annoyed   xc wont be the same without him next year ha
stitches in my eyes are gone and i'll be startin swim practice monday  im back
show tomorrow night!! everyone needs to come out and hang  txt me for details (736-2873)
"playin a show in <propmale>, tn  january 14th! can't wait "
"playin a show in <propmale>, tn january 14th or 21st! can't wait "
"go away, go away  you'll never see my face  tear all my pictures off the wall  i'm goin away, i've gone away  you'll never see my face  yeah tear all my pictures off the wall    "
"an annoying day followed by swim practice which leads to me starving, which leads to me searching for food and realizing there isnt anything which leads to me on here and realizing how much better this day gets every minute "
leavin tomorrow  not feelin like packin  oh well
"don't ask don't tell was repealed, i'm so happy!"
vee-necks are for losers! good thing i have a whole closet full!!!
guess who!  laugh  i love <propfemale> kiddo!
back home as of yesterday  it was a great e playful erience and i enjoyed it  now i just wish i could catch up on some much needed rest ha
"you won't be happy 'til the bottle's broken  you're out swimming in the flood you kept back, you kept unspoken "
"for someone half as sm<propmale>, you'd be a work of <propmale> "
i never knew that lying came so natural to you  i can't bare to see the person you're gonna be 
