bde40ee9a65773601c0cffa32c1dc8b3
"thanks everybody!!! thank god for facebook, no one will ever be abandoned again on their birthday!"
i want the stupid lot to sell!!!!
banks are the devil  i hate <propfirst> hamilton 
"its the final count down!!! do do do dooo, do <propfemale> do doo doo   the final count down   "
fineeeto!!!!!
just bought a house
hi everybody  so i really don't like these things   but my work (camera bits) is trying to get 1000 fans for their photo mechanic <propfemale>- apparently something awesome happens when you get 1000 people    and we're 29 away  please become a fan of this excellent photo software! thanx   (if we make it i get a sticker!)
door knobs and dead bolts just send me into a panic   wtf
"dirty old house   dirty, dirty old house    bad house!"
i would love my job so much more if i could do it outside today
can't believe she just typed hizzouse- really?
is exceptionally tired  i just wanna paint!
gnossiennes no 1 all day!!!
"is a little sad and would like it to please stop raining so i can pick myself up  thank you, world "
over it
who wants to go to the ballet with me?
my house is crumbling around me- literally  oh what fun 
how can it only be 2 smile 0? the gods are playing a cruel joke on me and calling it a tuesday 
loves relearning lessons she learned in high school
is having a nice day 
i think i've done enough for the week 
"dear japan  i ? you \http annoyed  www snopes com photos risque skirts asp"
"dear friends, please post stuff so that avory's human centipede tattoo will go away   thank you for your help "
nothing like a power outage at work to make one realize how dependent we all are on technology
just realize that not everyone went to a school that kicked the living hell out of you 
"hello world, thanks for finally being <propfemale>! now please stay <propfemale> so that my basement can dry  thank you "
"i just got told by a 5 year old that i need a better job- because \it looks boring\"" """
i just had to turn the space heater on at work  are  you  kidding  me?!?!
"courtesy of one miss april angel- it was so good i have to repost  annoyed \o give me a home   where the wives and brews roam    where the hipsters and tattooed folk play    where seldom is heard   a conservative word and the skies are way cloudy all day    \"""""
uck facebook you're ruining my zen! or <propfirst>! or i <propfirst>ng! or something  point is you're evil   
is being torn apart by the american dream
"dear facebook, you are not my therapist and if you were you'd be fired  so please stop asking me what's on my mind everyday, because chances are: if i didn't tell you yesterday, i'm not gonna tell you today \kind regards, me"
' cracks are starting to show
has never wanted a fast forward button more in her entire life!!!!!!!!! end week! end!
august is moving a little too fast for me   
ouch
waaaaaayyyyy too much coffee   
is ready for the next step 
"i will be away for my desk until sept 8th, if this is an emergency, please cope  thank you and have a nice august "
well most of me is back 
i really needed it to be <propfemale> today  meh   
my phone is outta commission till this weekend  sad  poor planning strikes again 
"the last three days have been possibly the longest of my life  yuck  what's next? oh good, its a weekend!"
"do we really know the people on our facebook friends list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me   after you comment, copy this to your status, you'll be amazed at the results you get   "
go! go! gadget willpower!
everybody calm down!!!! i got this 
don't suppose anybody has an old t-mobile accepted phone lying around do they? mine is about to meet its maker and phone is not in the budget 
i have the best roommates in the world  period 
"its magnetic fields day, just sos you knows"
'd rather be fishing    
is something  something definitely goes here 
i found home 
"i'm stealing this from <propmale> raia, although i think after yesterday we all learned this isn't true: \half of the american people have never read a newspaper  half never voted for president  one hopes it is the same half \"" — gore vidal"""
certainly could have been worse 
"although i don't have the receipt, i would like to return my weekend, i got it home and it just didn't fit "
stressin' myself out  am i asking to right questions? am i looking in the right order? its just just a car   geez   
oh insurance won't cha buy me a mer-caaaadeeess beeenz   oh wait you just did  sweet 
"taking cue from some others, i'll start giving thanks: i would like to thank the last last year of my life, for all the amazing ups and all the amazing people i have been fortunate enough to know and who have helped me so much  i would also like to thank all of the unbelievable downs of the year, its really from these moments i have learned and grown the most "
i am a rage spinkler
i would like it known that the sky right now (4:50pmpst) is the most beautiful i have ever seen  thanks world 
too much fun
while visions of finances and sugar cookies danced in her head   
"dear 2010, fuck  you "
"there's \a think tank in tiananmen square running over your sanity students\"""""
"good bye huffington post    you were a good friend, but now a days you're hanging with the wrong crowd  i think we need some time apart "
too many plans and dreams   too little time   
"i know it was silly- but i wanted everyone to know that i really appreciate all the birthday wishes  i have a lot of friends on here and get some flack for it- but every single one is someone that has meant so much to me at some point or another  thank you, you guys are awesome! wouldn't be here without you "
hey portland kids! going to the nest tonight with miss <propmale>- so if anyone is bored- that's where we'll be!
my shower knob vs  dylan    dylan 1; shower knob dead  welcome home friend 
"okay, life  is this the deal? sound good to me "
