39c2e6a1491ba5febf3f5730a4a44878
"if there was no evil, what would become of fortitude? if there was no pain, what would become of courage? if there was no death, what would become of bravery? a sacrifice was made for us in order that we might live in a world without death, pain, or suffering, a world without end  because we live in a fallen world, we know the power of love, the reason that sacrifice was made "
"i think about my thoughts, i think about how i think those thoughts, i thought that thinking about my thoughts would make me a better thinker, but to think about the thinking of a thought of thinking really makes me think that i may have over-thought my thinking   hmmmm   so i thought i may be thinking                               ?"
"\cogito ergo sum \""?"""
"ahh   so this is dorm life   tiny rooms with just enough room to sleep; bathroom stall doors with naughty language, pictures, and decapitated magical ponies; various genres of music playing from room to room   now, i just have to wait till classes start "
"i absolutely, positively, verily, sincerely, truly love college so very, very much that i can not convey my love with mere words  how can i describe it then, being so beyond words   i feel like i could drift away on a cloud into eternal bliss  i am so very happy  i must stay grounded now, lest i swoon  why describe my love of college with such passion? why else, but for i am a man of great passion "
"7 more days   it didn't help that i was tired of break before it even started   i need to learn to live in the present   uggh, i don't like the present   i guess i can look toward the future   i truly am a rare specimen   how many people consider a school break torturous, anticipating the day school starts up again like it's christmas   oh no, not christmas break   i wish i could bring my friends with me on break "
"someone told me that going home isn't so bad, because you become a guest in your own home   since you're a guest, you don't have to do chores and things   guess what?!  i'm doing chores   i'm feeling a little too at home   i wanna go back to school   snap out of it dawson!!!  quit complaining!  you have a wonderful life   you're very loved  quit being selfish and enjoy your life!"
"<propmale> hawthorne, my good friend, i missed you, and i apologize for not bringing you with me to college, i will be sure to bring you with me when i go back   beethoven can come too   ok, the piano too   i only have so much shelving space   hawthorne can sit by <propfirst> donne and <propfemale> browning, beethoven   i don't know where i'm going to put you   <propmale>, i will make sure to get you up soon "
"i seek not pity, but understanding "
"i hacked off the sideburns, i smoothed out the cheeks, but you can't touch the hair on my chinny-chin-chin   guess who defeated the big bad wolf   \the tickle!\"""""
"the work never ends, does it?  and the work load only gets bigger as we go on, doesn't it?  i will be strong!  i will prevail!"
"hiking in the snow covered foothills, surrounded by a panorama of white mountain majesty   breathing the crisp cold air fills my lungs and cleanses me within   playing the traditional game of monopoly with family, and partaking in the feast of thanks   today was a good day   tomorrow should be even better   gingerbread houses!!!"
"i am thankful for everything that has happened in my life, be it good or bad, joyful or sorrowful, loving or hurtful, because everything that has happened to me has molded me into what i am today "
"perhaps it was the the enforcement of school uniforms and strict discipline of the private school that camouflaged my identity   no one knew my true love of discipline, my strict code of ethics, for my will and determination was masked by the obligations of others   now in my new life, i stand out, for i work just as hard to maintain my code of ethics "
is back at school 
"who's excited for class tomorrow? i am! are you? we need pep-rallies for studies, not just sports  how wonderful it would be to have students pumped for school and not just for the sports "
why does life seem so much like a constant battle?  it frustrates me  (this is a rhetorical question   there is no need for an answer )
is sad that he has to be away from his friends for 3 whole weeks  : (
i love it when it snows giant snowflakes   it's so beautiful   
"the weatherman said that there wasn't going to be a white christmas   the weatherman has so little faith    i say we're going to have a very white christmas   i never agree with the weatherman; i'm right more often than he is, because i've been observing weather patterns since i was 5   the weatherman is a scrooge   now you know how i feel about weathermen  : j"
"my first christmas gift: 6 months of accutane   my birthday gift: my check up appointment with the doctor plus a bonus blood draw   yay!!!   this is my life, and i'm sure you all envy it very much "
"a movie with bing crosby, directed by <propfirst> capra!  what could be better?  i love it!  i can always count on bing to sing in a octave that's perfect for me "
i saw a blood <propfemale>   i am satisfied 
i decided to go on facebook with my dad's phone   i am failing miserably   how the heck do people type on these things   the buttons are too small !@#$ it 
nothing like a christmas <propfemale> hymn sing   now all i need are some chestnuts and an open fire 
"i can't wait till i have kids of my own   <propfemale> and i are gonna have so much fun the night before christmas   i'll probably be the kind of dad that gets more excited than the kids on christmas morning   since my childhood is now behind me, that's what i have to look forward to "
"there is snow on the ground, qualifying this christmas in boise, id a white christmas   why the weathermen never call me for an opinion, i do not know   i was right, the weathermen were wrong   again   "
"my favorite christmas gifts this year were a doctor who tardis cookie jar, an facsimile of the 1828 <propmale> webster dictionary (best dictionary of the english language there is), and my very favorite gift of all   new clothes!!!, italian cut   two button down shirts, and a sleek <propfirst> colored sweater   i'm so excited to wear them   and yes, though my sweater is magenta, i am secure in my masculinity "
"oh the woes of non-reving, time for hours of fun waiting at the airport "
"so tired   up at 6am only to get on a flight and get kicked off, because of an unaccompanied minor   wait for an 11:40 flight to la, rent a car, eat, fight traffic, get passed <propfemale> <propfemale>, and drive onward to grandmother's house   i'm still in the car   grandmother does not know we are coming, it's a surprise   and i'm hungry   (notice the use of caps and punctuation, and i'm using a phone )"
"it would seem that for a world with so many communicating capabilities, society, as a whole, is communicatively challenged  could it be that face to face communication is more effective? if only we could teleport   oh but the setbacks  why do i always have to ruin my ideas by thinking about the consequences? no wonder i failed at being a rebellious teenager, and i only have 2 and a half weeks left "
"i want to go back to school so much that i am seriously considering going to administration and asking for a shortened breaks and summer classes   it's summer that i'm really not looking forward to, but i need money   but i couldn't care less about money   if i ever won the lottery, most of that money i would simply give away   all i want, in life, is to be with my friends "
"is in limbo   i just don't know   i can't stand being in limbo; everything just blurs together, nothing is clear   this is what happens when i'm on break, and why i don't like summer   breaks are horrible, because the whole time i feel like i need to be doing something, but i never can figure out what that is, then it drives me nuts, and i end up more worn-out than i was when i was busy "
"it's so simple   why is this not documented?  the meaning of life is love!  agape, philio, eros  love of the creator and creation; love of your brothers, your sisters, your family and friends; love of a dear one held close to your heart, your closest companion  why is this fact not taught in schools? why is it not taught to children as existential knowledge? listen up people! the meaning of life is love  case closed!"
"is extremely pleased   i just got 118 bing crosby recordings for only $9 99   each song is priced at $0 99   that's almost $118   i just saved 108 dollars, that's a 90% off discount   how do i live on so little income, and keep my wardrobe looking fancy?  it's a skill "
"why does it seem like everyone is in such a big hurry? why am i always the last one out the door? i've always been labeled as being slow  but, i don't want to be in a constant rush  i want to take in every moment of every day; let it all sink in  maybe i don't do as many things in one day as others, but the things i do, are done far more efficiently  live life in its fullest; take note of the things around you "
is back and almost settled in <propmale> second floor west 
"i turn 20 in approximately 2 hours   my throat is sore, my face is sore, my lips are chapped, my head aches, my body aches, my ears are plugged, i'm tired, and i'm congested   tomorrow, i will be driving back and forth to and from campus in order to attend my classes, a dermatologist appointment, and spend time with my family all in one day   how do i manage?  how do i compensate?"
"i am a great admirer of women, and i have found that there is far too much diversity between each one to ever hope placing them all into one simple definition outside of a homosapien built for bearing children   excuse me for the crude definition, but it is really only that and a difference in hormone production that separates men and women "
"my love and respect for my grandmother has just shot through the roof, through earth's atmosphere, past the <propfemale>, and out of this galaxy   my love for my grandmother before today was still incredibly high  >>read comment below<<"
\a man is a great thing upon the earth, and through eternity—but\39c2e6a1491ba5febf3f5730a4a44878,"it is too bad that there is only one day left for the opera   i am very sad, even though i will have time for sleep again   we must make tomorrow night a stellar performance, and the cast party will have to be nothing less than the best party ever!!!"
"why? why must a musician work so hard, and receive such little credit?  not only must i attend classes and do homework, but my free-time is consumed with practicing   not only do i love music, but i also love math--which also is very time consuming   why do i continue on in this way?  simple   mathematicians work hard to make life a little easier, musicians work hard to make life a little more pleasant "
"i don't want to hear anymore complaining about the snow   it's beautiful, you don't control the weather, enjoy it   it is still winter, spring does not start until the 20th   fine   go ahead, shake your fists at the sky   just don't dull the mood for the rest of us who are very much enjoying this lovely, white day "
"why am i so tenaciously passionate about learning?  now not only do i want to be a music math <propmale>, psychology and music performance minor, but now i want to be a philosophy and computer science minor too   that would leave me with 2 <propmale>s and 4 minors   maybe i should hold back a little until grad school   but i don't want to wait   life on earth can be cruel, on either side of the railroad tracks "
"the eye of a painter, the ear of a musician, the nose of a flourist, the tastebuds of a chef, the touch of a loving mother, all these things miraculous and lovely, these things, together, are what tie us to this world   they tie us to this world, but the ties to others, to those we hold dear, those ties are held by something beyond the 5 senses, something much deeper "
"tour is over and i miss everybody very much already   while hectic and busy for most of the trip, we had some great bonding time   i was depleted of all energy, but i do not regret it in the least "
"i'm back, but i am not ready for classes to start "
