6489bb7b6a0e19570d50cc8859a2c0f3
"needs to find a car for under 4k, help me out"
is like nude china-men on the shores of california
20 days to make it count
disoriented
new note for that small group of friends!
"it's there, don't let it go to waste  especially when you didn't have to do anything to have it "
"but with words and sound i find that now, sticks and stones are about me "
"if sticks and stones were as brittle as bones then words may never seer me  but with words and sounds, i find that now, sticks and stones are all about me "
the shadows never seemed to comfort me  i don't want to feel this way  how many little lies will make us say? hide the truth from my eyes and tear the sun from my skies cause i will never know 
has the next two days off! workin friday    then saturday and sunday off for skylab!
is dead tired still    from saturday?
slept through all of monday and didn't call into work    i hope i still have a job
just realized <propmale> boyle directed 28 days weeks later and slumdog millionaire
do or die 
new pics and a new poem in the notes  both should have  your comments!
lacking visual motivation
just found his custom hall passes from study hall to pre-cal
box cutter statistics
box cutter statistics of rabid emotion
"tell me what you regard as your greatest strength, so i will know how best to undermine you; tell me of your greatest fear, so i will know which i must force you to face; tell me what you <propfemale> most, so i will know what to take from you; and tell me what you crave, so that i might deny you "
who's (720) 394-3832?
"lol nicely done k-west  short, bitter-sweet, to the point    lol"
my parents bought a <propmale>    i don't know how i feel about this terabyte of empty space sitting in front of me
   and now onto yet another family christmas party    ugh
"pierce the heart via vernacular, what was one has become bicellular "
my new year's resolution: 1080p
two things i did not e playful ect tonight  lol interesting start to a new year 
and i know just what you want    i can i say it's what you know  but you've known it the whole time 
<propfirst> gets a car today
"\they misunderestimated me \"""""
i aint got none of them sparks in my distributator
"is that what you call tact? you're as subtle as a brick in the small of my back so let's end this call, and end this conversation  and is that what you call a getaway? well tell me what you got away with, 'cause you left the frays from the ties you severed when you say best friends means friends forever "
"nothing's absolutely definite til it's absolutely, definitely gone"
"order your daughters to ignore me, think that will sort meand sweep me under the rug and a beating with a book everyonethe book tells you to love "
what is it with these parallel houses?
haircut    it's   
"there's a lake and at the bottom you'll find all our friends  they don't swim cause they're all dead  we never are what we intend, or invent "
some men die under the mountain just looking for gold  some die looking for a hand to hold   when i lower it down i let you fade away   i hope that you would do this for me   
"between the footsteps i hear crickets in the trees, a silent army marching with me through a swarm of bees aa needle dragged across a record slowing down "
"i'm here for you to use, broken and bruised  do you understand? but how could i miscalculate    perfect eyes will have perfect aim "
it is not my imagination  there is a gun in my back 
we need vices  well you took my hope and my marriage license  those days are dead  we need vices at fifty thousand degrees  she said goodbye to the ground  i got creative 
"you've got your passion, you've got your pride but don't you know that only fools are satisfied? dream on, but don't imagine they'll all come true when will you realize   ?"
wishes his mechanic would call him back to tell him his car is good!!!!
is content once again    hotel paid off    car fixed    more to come this week so keep up
"we all go to sleep in the same place and in the morning hope that we're all the same    there it goes    yeah, you stole   "
i wish that my condition was new but i'm old and rusting  so we just hurry up only to wait  add to the list of all the places we hate and i pretend like i got something to say but i've got nothing 
happy easter to all you weirdos who hide the eggs so little children will know that the easter <propfemale> spawns chickens and that jesus came back to life   ?
pride and dignity are not  synonyms
sitting in fll ready to be home
anxiety?
colorado!!!!
death
what would you do for a klondike bar?
wernstrom!!
bender need brain for smart making!
"well, i guess the song isn't over just yet so i gotta keep dancing     ugh"
doesn't wanna do this anymore!
some men die under the mountain just looking for gold   
great success!!! after spending hundreds if dollars  next step - buy global tickets then pretty lights ticket
so much fir swedish on the 22nd  short lived dream but on a lighter note i'll be able to catch up on my soaps now
"some frustration first inclination is to become a monk and leave the situation  but every dark tunnel has a light of hope  so don't <propfemale> yourself, with a celibate rope "
everyone has their pride and you too will learn to live the lie
oh my god! robot deely-boppers!!
"talk about the light, rather that than the evil  fill another place in a room full of people "
"i am one with my shoe size, <propmale> "
ok  i'm done reconboobaling the energymotron    er    whatever    
likes how this day is turning out
to the telepath delivers verses with no postage 
"one episode down, many more to come"
"we're just rolling with the rhythm, rise from the ashes of stylistic division  with these non-stop lyrics of life living, not to be forgotten but still unforgiven "
don't be the victim of rabid emotion on whims he told himself 
and we all sit around here in our home town  listen to the waves as they all crash down and watch the fire as it slowly burns away  glowing embers fly across the sky   
doesn't know what to think      annoyed 
"sittin on the world, thinkin 'bout a girl "
so stay there 'cause i'll be coming over while our blood's still young 
i'm goin tortilla hunting!
"one mistake in a subtle way  like i'm walking again, all on me  step slowly, you know that you fall between dark places, what a simple web we weave "
"completely absent car hoods, girls crying on the curb, and a smile on my face "
to find those pastures in which to rest  a calming home of emotion what's best  where the waters surge with life for those who wish to be where good life grows  content and happy is where i'll be   
"off with your head, dance 'till you're dead "
red geranium
"can we get away, far away   ? lets leave this place  will you come with me? are you down to turn your world around? leave it all behind "
oh blithery-boop my cowardly lobster! who needs courage when you have a gun?
"even with a shitty stereo, music will always sound a million times better in your car on the highway"
is hindsight was retrospective we'd be in a life less frightening
needs a full-time job asap    whoever can help
just went in a fan <propfemale> binge and liked 193 new fan <propfemale>s    it's been a rough two days
needs a full-time job asap if you can help me out
omfg new mw2 maps!!!!
"so long kings, hello doors"
hmm    16 days   
"sometimes, do things ever seen too real, or even (sur)real? sometimes?"
feels very    what's the word    floundering idk
wants this summer to last but needs this september
autophobic anxiety
myspace wont let me in  annoyed  i made it mad apparently
"what's somebody like you, doin in a place like this? did you come alone, or did you bring all your friends? what's your name, what you drinking i think i know what you're thinking   "
you know it's spring when the executioners start getting in the house 
tyrannicide
"sometimes we let ourselves meander through hell  not because it's where we want to be, though the company is something in itself  but remain because we'd forgotten we can feel  forgotten how long we'd left this on the shelf "
one week!!!!
standing on the edge of morning scent of sex and new found <propfemale> playing as she's pulling back her hair
propane and propane accessories
"we're getting down computer action  do the robotic satisfaction  now all of y'all, get off the wall! have a ball and get involved with\body movin!"
surrender your mysteries to zoidberg!
"cause you know you got me on a string, and if you pull it right ill probably buy you seven jeans\cause you're so fly, you know it too\and you sure do your best to make us notice you but baby how high must you be, if you think im gon' let you go & pull that shit on me"
"honest to god i'll break your heart, tear you to pieces, and rip you apart "
5 days---->!
pomegranite = a sack of dirt used for beating
cuz dreamers always <propmale> but never get it   
4   
who wants to go to a job fair today and or tomorrow????  call me
if your hindsight is retrospective then i need your help!!!
3 days!!!
your mom took the turkey and went to her hair dresser!
tomorrow!
someone make my day this week!
birthdaaaaaaay!!!!!
haven't been this negligently reckless in too long    <propmale> me!
continual negligently reckless and it's still going as to be e playful ected
just wants to be there again
fukin shit up as usual
ugh
needs fast forward right about now   
where the waters surge with life for those who wish to be where good life grows             wants to be there again
"content and happy is where i'll be  away from deserts and pebbles  snowy\wastes will be behind me then \i'll walk that barren never again "
ugh
what a birthday week lol
"i don't remember a moment i tried to forget  i lost myself, is it better not said  i'm closer to the edge "
it was a thousand and one and a million to two  time to go down in flames and i'm taking you   
"can you imagine a time when the truth ran free  the birth of a song, the death of a dream    this never ending story take forward pride in fate  we all fall short of <propfemale>  lost in ourselves   "
feels like there's a better half out there and it's having more fun than i am  joyful 
one day maybe we'll make it    i will never forget    one day maybe we'll make it
"have you lost your mind or has she taken all of yours too? open your mind, believe it's going to come to  keep romance alive and hope she's going to tell you  "
she's got you high and you don't even know yet
closer to the edge
under the realization of why i hate sleeping
likes to use one web browser to find and download others
oh     glorious housey freedom
"what fun boring night last night lol  parentals in puerto, house to myself    so relaxed"
job interview today!!!
in the bag! <propfirst>'s gonna be tellin people at the bank!
has gone missing
it's like someone's watching a movie in the next room  i can hear the sound but can't make out what's going on    
so this is what ye old school poets feel like
what's in the pink salad? grandma's corn 
what does an agnostic insomniac dyslexic do at night? he lies awake wondering if there is a dog 
sick of all these up-downs and every round-about  i just want the cities and streets that dont leave me with doubt   
whatching dbzk on nicktoons right now    not sure how i feel about this   
"here i go, i just don't know    i've got to take it slow   "
interesting    to say the least
need a saturday global ticket? 3 725-9405
fedde <propfemale> grand tomorrow!
wow what a weird vibe to wake up to    grand tonight should even things out
"a good talk brings a good end to some crazy roller coaster    peaceably speaking, i've learned a lot but my legs are still numb as i sit in this chair"
"\i dont really think you can ever rely on music too much  it wont leave you or stop talking to you  or give up on you \"""""
re-watching the new futurama episodes! maybe ill have a valid opinion this time around
its too hot to be alive today    just gonna vegetate in the basement or something
"dear static, i can tell when my lingering freedom is coming to rest by the jacket around your arms  whether i'm ready or not, here you come    to makes things simple and plain    to take away the care    my one request is but to keep the collar slack and i'll stay by your side  sincerely, apathy's pet "
boredom in the workplace is the easiest hourly job yet
have you ever been so bored you spend half the day attempting to comb your face hairs with your fingers?
"let the rain of what i feel right now come down  i'm treading for my life believe me  i'm reaching for the life within me  let the waves up, take me down "
love hops? i do too!
surprise me  release me  disappoint me  repress me  submit me       distract me 
"am i supposed to be happy? when all i ever wanted, it comes with a price    damn regret, i'll try to forget  don't worry about me "
hates it when people close their eyes half way when trying to ephasize what they're saying 
"you try to put a fire out, but you use gasoline  when the congregation gathered 'round, you're screaming \it wasn't me!\"""""
feels like i'm trying to hold smoke   
consider this a letter that i never sent    you wouldn't get me on the phone and you couldn't make me not alone 
brand new - your favorite weapon - track 6
all the answers i ever needed were sitting in my car the whole time! lmao
all the answers i ever need are always sitting in my car 
stop it!!
gonna go die for a lil while longer
continuous 
happy <propfemale> day! let's burn the forests
continuous 
"silly slut, of course i'll dance with you  don't tell me your name or give me your number please cuz i'm gettin down on some chicken and mashed potatoes"
"eyes lit, i want short breaths, i want dark eyelids    like the summer into rough hands "
my think are broke   
bein a bank loner 
"dreams dreams go away, come again my dying day  keep your distance till i die, stop showing me things made of lies "
5   4   3   2   what are you waiting for?!
board 'em
"party til you pass out, drink til you're dead  dance all night til you can't feel your legs  we are done with giving a fuck!"
interesting weekend  had its lows but but two people in specific brought it way up
"the time has come, my little friends, to talk of other things  of shoes and ships and sealing wax and cabbages and kings  and while the sea is boiling hot, and whether pigs have wings  calloo, callay, come run away with the cabbages and kings!"
why does everything hurt all of a sudden? i need something more out of this   
"thanks anxiety, because of you i cant even sleep in my own bed  fml"
give me something to be happy about 
give me something to be happy about   
goin' to see the doctor tomorrow
wouldn't be good enough   four hands and then away    the start a simple touch    we had a promise made   
"there it was, just trotting down the road  in the middle of the night, a jet black cow almost ran into me at 45mph"
inception = encephalophantasmagasmic
where are the clouds?!?!!!?
don’t change your name  keep it the same for fear i may lose you again  i know you won't  it's just that i am unorganized and i want to find you when something good happens 
are you this fleeting? old age is just around the bend 
12 years later  en taro adun!
good bye everyone  see you in a week or so
it was one hundred degrees as we sat beneath a <propfemale> tree 
string this chaos turn it into light    before the lions take their share  leave us in peices scattered everywhere  just give me something to hold onto 
"when you are out there on the road for several weeks, it shows  and when you scan the radio, i hope this song will guide you home "
what is happening to the world?! everyone is driving 5 over!!! something's not right here
"glitter on the wet streets, silver over everything  off with your head, dance 'til you're dead "
funny how a little greed and a lie on someone else's part could have made my day easier
"you don't have to have a soul to enjoy the beatles but if you don't enjoy them, you don't have a sould "
"you arrive, in the rising sun  the hidden passenger, that i've been taking  close your eyes, let's forget again "
"when you’re young, not much matters  when you find something that you care about, then that’s all you got "
"you're cinematic, razor sharp  a welcome arrow through the heart  under your skin feels like home  electric shocks on aching bones "
these streets turn me inside out  everything shines but leaves me empty still and i'll burn this lonely house down  if you run with me   
"but i'd be fine wasting our time not doing anything here, just doing nothing  we’ll sit for days and talk about things important to us like whatever "
"wow, what a wonderful thing to wake up to!"
you've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time
"never too soon, like no one's watching you  so stay there because i'll be coming over  while out blood's still young  we wont stop to surrender "
uh       ipad?
hetero-intoxicated  joyful 
haven't woken up to the rain in a couple years
"driving through lafayette, on the way to work, cruising with the half life wagon"
"\i can't understand a word your mother is saying because she was talking first \"""""
hide the truth from my eyes and tear the sun from my sky cause i will never know 
"even though you didn't have to babe, you did  your games slay me haha"
i'd rather keep the memories   joyful 
"does anyone else put chips on their plate but instead of eating them, continue to eat the ones in the bag?"
hurry up four o'clock!! you're taking entirely too long!
thank you <propfemale> and honda <propfirst> for the ridiculously amazing night!!! we unbelievably conquererd that mountain and one or two more other peaks  still can't believe what <propfirst> did and what everything has come to 
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice    ^^"
"sleep, you evasive scamp! come to me!"
"please take these hands, throw me in the river, dont let me drown before the workday ends "
"thank you, life  you always have a way with curb stomping me in the face and heart when i couldn't be happier or more content  all just to remind me that nothing changes, nice guys will always finish last, and that love is as frail as a flower no matter what you feed it "
taking a long drive today  not going to answer your calls or texts unless you are one of three people  i just need to leave the world behind for a day   
so far i've ended up in fort collins and am currently sitting in a physiology class 
"jesus christ, i'm alone again so what did you do those three days you were dead? cause this problems gonna last more than the weekend   "
nothing like a barren wasteland to remind you why you love where you live  though i learned a lot in that car today one thing remains; there's still that one person who makes any drive a completely different e playful erience  i miss those drives  i miss you
"back into the darkness from where i came    apathy's voice guide me again  i'll need your leash more than ever before    love, it seems, is only a trap door    but maybe i'm wrong    one can only hope   "
"it's good to hear your voice again, apathy    say it louder and lead me to safety!"
take me away i-25 so apathy can pull my strings and whisper sweet ambiguity to my heart 
to the sciencomobile!
tonight at eleven    dooooooooooommmm!
it's only ten and a half and i'm already begging this day to be over   
tonight feels like a drinking night  and not because it's a holiday 
"back on the road     change my life, little yellow lines    you've done it before    i know you can do it again   "
can i get a 'lawl' from all my cynics and sarcastic?!
"go away regret, i did what had to be done   "
blah-bleh-hem!!!
"you can't have magic and be human, sweetheart "
when you say my name    i wanna stop it in your lungs and collect all of your blood to put in the radio 
"my instinct is to hide in this barrel, like the <propmale> fish "
"now you'll never see, what you've done to me  you can take back your memories, they're no good to me  and here's all your lies   "
on second thought    another rum and coke at the bar! it's my day off!
"sorry dad, i already tweeted it "
"sunshine, sunshine  feel it in my skin, warmin up my mind "
resident evil imax 3d! huzonko!!
whoah!
love googling microsoft things on my ipad  <propmale> jobs must think i'm a jerk lol
we're gonna gave us a champaign jam
hmm    go out or stay home    who's got something fun to do?
anyone know anything about third bridge out in <propfemale>?
\the offensive lineman are the biggest guys on the field  they're bigger than everyone else," that's why they're the biggest guys on the field \"" \"6489bb7b6a0e19570d50cc8859a2c0f3,sleepy sleepy sleepy
nobis pro lemma vobis
nunquam redono nunquam trado
"what to do, what to do? one three hundred dollar hookerbot or three hundred one dollar hookerbots "
"if i'm not gonna catch a fish, i might as well not catch a big fish "
oh kaptain my kaptain! to mosquito pass we go!!!
my house is empty and i don't wanna be here today  i need a drastic change in scenery but i don't wanna watch football  lol
"oh apathy, how i've missed you  stay longer this time "
"if you go to bbc's radio 1 online, listen live, turn up the volume, it goes to eleven!!!"
"and the sign said, long haired freaky people need not apply "
"turned 21 this year  in related news, i've been told to grow up more times this year than any other  i seem to be regressing  lol"
"hey look, i'm on the news!"
where should i drive today?
wow
can't a person be hugged into happiness?!
"when the world slips you a <propmale>, stroke the furry walls "
"two thoughts  one: lunchables  laugh   and two: why is there not a way for two people in separate locations to watch a movie together online? it seems like in today's society of bells and whistles, you could watch a movie with your friend in seattle "
"the writings on the wall, it wont go away "
beba
he spoke like he was a friend so i came with adrenaline  take me to the hospital 
odelay
totally missed the new chiodos album!!! d:  quick! to the mediafire!!
hook me up with a new revolution cause this one is a lie  we sat around laughing and watched the last one die 
has anyone else checked out the new chiodos album?
love it when my mother asks me to fordge my father's signature for tax purposes
"get up, get out, get away from these liars  cause they wont get your soul or your fire "
this war will tear apart the skies
the mediator between head and hands must be the heart 
i'm so excited! and i just can't hide it!
"\i shouldn't be allowed to observe!\"" - <propfirst> thompson"""
is this the end of my life or just the end of the world  skeletons rule the cities as the innocent burn 
'f' is for friends who do stuff together   
just woke up to <propmale> <propmale>d & <propmale>dy  today's gonna be awesome
who's doing the zombie crawl tonight?
"say, did you come alone, or did you bring all your friends?"
"want me to concludify him, likesome sort of dispatcherator?"
no more will my green seagull turn a deeper blue  i could not foresee this thing happening to you  i see a red door
that dirty toucher took my <propfemale> poo-poo!
"a day to remember that people should not be afraid of their government, that the government should be afraid of their people  remember, remember the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i know of no reason the gun powder treason shall ever, be, forgot "
"broken hearts, like promises, are left for life's unknowns "
"i wish you would step back from that ledge, my friend "
<propfirst> is fixed!  joyful  hooray
codbo base jumping in video games ftfw
jfk as a zombie survivalist  genius!
not to mention a duck 
"we're gonna be eggheads, <propmale> eggheads!!"
just give me a <propmale> to hold  give me a <propmale> to hold  just give me something to hold on to  it's so clear now   
"alright corn country, let's get this over with "
"hello corn country, i don't like you  let's just eat and be done with it "
nothing says lemon like something from the tool shed 
happy fat day everyone!
today's shower decision: history is a conspiracy
"so seven years later, a new <propfemale> sun is coming out at the end of this month    im going to need another ds "
"don't tell me to do shit if i haven't even showered yet  if i didn't return your morning greeting, chances are i'm not going to do what you say  with a temper "
hooray!!  joyful  finally coming home 
<propfirst> neilson!!!!
i'm american and i want a mesquite barbecue doughnut!
are you kidding? i'm <propfirst> shatner  i can score anything 
what did i do with that sleep button?
so is the new profile worth the change?
oh yeah! so um    mcr came out with a new album the other month? o o
someone look west and tell me where to get cloud insurance 
so uh     well    or rather     but    hmmm    you know     i mean    what if    well actually    i think     i lost my train of thought      laugh 
thank you despicable me for showing me what jawas really look like 
i just saw and heard daft punk in 3d!
"woke up this morning with ocular pain    slept in my contacts and one of the  had ripped in two, in my eye, in the middle of the night  took about three hours to get both pieces out lol "
interesting perspectives barging their way in   hmm   
gt5 credits    quite possibly the best video and music to ending credits i've ever seen
"took a little time to make it a little better, it's only going out, just one thing and another, you know!"
oh <propfirst>  on christmas even? lol
new diggs
she spoke words that would melt in your hands 
new phone number   303 332-8433
tylenol pm    you're a liar and a thief 
"sir, your derangement is impressive  i'm appointing you my official stalker "
the critics talk of stubbornness but you're just passionate 
time for a haircut!
"<propfirst>, some days you let me down but today you surprise me "
one secret that no one ever suspected was that i really did stage the <propfemale> landing  on <propfemale>! haroo wahahahahaha!!
"hey, you know they're all the same "
"haikus are easy\but sometimes they don't make sense\refrigerator "
"hello snow  you're a bastard  now that we have that settled, imma let <propfirst> step all over you "
<propfirst> ftfw
1 11 11
"<propfirst>, you make my day to day life interesting  for that i both deeply love you and hate your guts "
"\many are asking if our political discourse has gotten too heated  and those people should go to hell!\"" colbert"""
"ok <propfirst>, you whining pos  i'm coming to get yah "
"peru in september!!!! machu picchu, imma climb to you!"
bam!
"<propfirst>, somehow i know you're responsible  i'm not complaining   joyful "
scalding hot pineapples!
brainstormed!!  laugh 
work and snow! then the best girl in the world! bam!
wow  joyful 
weeeeeee  laugh 
that's my horse!
"<propfirst>, you summbitch  did you forget you have two doors? you can't keep me out!!"
104 44 30  40 36 10
dilate my eyes optical doctor lady
"sword of thundara, give me sight beyond sight!!"
wake up  why don't you put on a little make up
this is fkn awesome!!!
got my mind set on you
i'm talking to myself out loud because i can't forget 
chicken grease salt
today feels like the kind of day where you get in the <propfirst> you need to be in as soon as possible and ride that <propfirst> until you've arrived 
do you need it? hey! i need it too!
morphine city slippin dues down to see that we don't even care as restless as we are  
the air is so feisty today 
season five futurama on netflix! hello tv
<propfirst> getting some much needed attention today  switching feets and a blood transfusion 
can i borrow someone's intelligence  sword? there are some people who are desperately in need of stabbings of a higher learning  headshot 
who wants to spend $85 to go see prodigy with me tomorrow? text me asap
someone come to prodigy with me!
take me to the hospital 
i love lamp
prodigy fkn killed it last night  well worth the money and then some 
hippppppooooooossssssss!!!!!!!
keep the blood in your head and keep your feet on the ground
don't even think about it think about it!
i find my counterpoint inside a red room lost behind a door 
the beauty is in what isn't said
"doubt, in it all for me  i've hit the wall, all that's left for you is doubt \better you than me, i've so far to fall  all that's left for you is doubt "
"just tell me nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong today "
i think the 15th is going to be a really really good day  cross your fingers and wear your shirts inside out 
"standing on the edge of the palisades' cliffs, in the shadow of the skyline very far away "
"you said enough  you said too much  you focus only on her touch, you halcyon "
"get up, get out, get away from these liars cause they don't get your soul or your fire "
you can keep your birds if you dont know how to use your turn signal 
new kitties!!
big day tomorrow  good thing i got new shoes! wish me luck! with algorithms  
today's the day!  joyful 
april 1st! whoo hoo!
"if you never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix, you wouldn't relate to the rogue vocoder blitz "
television rules the nation    around the world   
"it’s a mess, it’s a st<propmale>, it’s a flawed work of <propmale> "
take back this city for yourself tonight  i'll take back the city for me 
i love this city tonight  i love this city always  it bears its teeth like a light and spits me out after days 
all this feels strange and untrue  
on a live wire right up off the street you and i should meet 
junebug skipping like a stone with the headlights pointed at the <propfemale> 
we're concentrating on falling apart 
"jesus christ that's pretty face, the kind you'd find on someone i could save  if they don't put me away, it'll be a miracle "
such a relaxing past few days  entirely too content   smile 
i'm not gonna lie  i want you for mine  my blushing bride 
i could sit here for hours finding new ways to be awed each minute 'cause the daylight seems to want you just as much as i want you
"oh gotta see, gotta know right now  what's that riding on your everything?"
it's like a book elegantly bound but in a language that you can't read just yet 
and so it is just like you said it would be
"with the lights out, it's less dangerous"
my chemical romance?
today is gonna be a long day   
hurry up 8 o'clock!
ask me what it's like to have myself so figured out
don't be that note i can't hold  don't be that joke that i told and told until it got old 
initiative comes to thems that wait 
"the time has come, my little friends   "
why do i always get to work incredibly early whenever i plan on being late?
"come on skinny love, just last the year   "
these walls are paper thin and everyone hears every little sound
my knowledge is comprehensive 
"tomorrow's children will need a light to shine the way  without you, who will tell them to stay?"
happy zombie jesus rabbit egg finding day
i'm a peasant in your <propfemale> arms penniless with only charm 
i'm in space
windmill for the land turn forever hand in hand 
it's a paralleladox!
i do not think anyone knows what they're doing here   
