e0cedc36f2cf233f8882fef3e21ff709
"i knocked upon the door to knowledge, and a voice asked, \who is there?\"""""
"i walked upon the road less traveled, and i heard voices everywhere"
"zombies vs humans last night was horrific, i nearly passed out   30 minutes of straight sprinting   "
so who else has been text stalked before?
"so a short story i wrote is good enough to be displayed at coffeehouse, just not all of it   "
should definitely log out next time  i'm lucky that the person who found this is incredibily nice and went through the same thing not long ago and most of his friends thought he was gay for a while  heed this and log out next time bro! it's better that way!
"fought the greatest battle, and only won his scars"
carries the burden of weeks of procrastination   
"coming home saturday, then leaving for <propfemale> for a bit  don't know when, or how long "
has the best hall ever
"dinner, then science presentations, then dance performance, then cards something    then hall check, brawl, and somewhere in there, homework    two more days"
"tomorrow i'll be on my way home, but it feels more like i'm leaving than returning   "
this facebook app is awesome! msg me 
there's nothing broken in my brain
in <propfemale> and the weather's great  gone swimming!
"i can't find any toast, all we have is bread!!!"
cant find the words to e playful ress how he feels at this moment 
how are we supposed to plan a senior year's classes if the administration doesn't even know what classes are offered next semester?
is looking forward toward an easy semester
doctors offices suck  im gonna work in a hospital   
"ugh, sunday night    school tomorrow   "
"applying to johns hopkins university today, retaking the sat on saturday sad  , got a 770 in math the first time, need to do better in reading and writing (ironically) wish luck all, pray for me please "
passed the cerftifed nurse's assistant examination! keoni leveled up! keoni is now a cna!
"this last week of school is so pointless, nothing to do in 1st, needless review in second, playing monopoly in 3rd, and a party in forth block    not that im complaining smile "
<propfemale> christmas everyone 
"lol, birthday in 4 days, ill finally be able to go to a rated r movie by myself   "
"hate is what you get when you decide not to learn, and decide to fight instead "
"so i here north <propfemale> schools are getting snow days this week   \jealous  annoyed "
mondays   
first day since we got back that i have no homework    what am i supposed to do for the next two hours?
"so yesterday the rest of my class and i were transfered out of our microbiology classroom in 4th block because of career day for the 9th graders   the teacher had to remain behind, so all 5 girls in my 4th block took this as an opportunity to talk about my butt  the conversation lasted an hour  my life is average "
"when it gets lonely there, on top of that mountain, far from those which you've distanced yourself,\climb down "
"ugh, i hate being sick   "
"spring break\life just got a little brighter"
