6d2956d1b7dbafedc23dff5d5bb5fd21
awesome night   smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
parents=bad night
"needs to get away from my family for like a month or two, or a year "
"needs to get away from my family for like a month or two, or a year  or just for good  move out now  so tired of my family"
daydreamer- <propfemale>  good song
just pissed myself off hahaha
had a chill day with zach  is getting offered a holister job when your 15 by a hot girl considered good? and the girl trips after talking to you  wink  
hey i have a new phone and # text me at 503 756 8564
really hot  swimming park  ugh
just sent an email to the air force academy  nervous as hell  my school record looks like isht right now compared to my dad's
just sent an email to the air force academy  nervous as hell  my school record looks like isht right now compared to my dad's
just got back from my first muay thai lesson  so pumped  laugh 
never say never- the fray
is bored 
<propmale> iglesias  good music  musiq soulchild  also good  love that r and b 
wants that car
"the album the fray, by the fray  one of the best cd's i've ever listened too  has some very deep meanings too "
needs to find a punching bag
boxing or muay thai  don't know which one to pick
gonna work for my dad  gotta get that money
mom's birthday today 
just got back from the westview area  had a fun day down there
"dang, feel real bad for my bro "
man i need to meet a british girl lol 
first day of school at <propmale> tomorrow 
let s go federer!
first day at <propmale> tomorrow  excited
"had my first day at <propmale>  as far as i can tell, the girls there suck  i miss the westview girls lol "
"i think kanye was being a total <propmale> last night,but all these hate kanye polls and and stuff are dumb as hell  he was rude, very rude, but it's not like he's the only person who's done that stuff  we shouldn't focus on the negative  we should look at the positive instead and give praise to beyonce for what she did "
rowing is the best!
to day started out terrible    and ended up being one of the best days ever 
please help me pick out of the three chains i uploaded 
"got a several #'s from some cute girls today wink , felt i should brag lol "
"got some more #'s today, im on a role "
spent the whole day in corvallis  tomorrow back to boring school  and fun rowing with the cute girls lol 
f*#@
"wow, why did i lose it? ugh "
!@!&#^@*$*@^$
"girls    , what a number they do to your head  ; "
had my first crew race today  we won by like 90 seconds  (thats a lot) and beat all the novice teams  it was a hella fun day 
had my first crew race today  we won by like 90 seconds  (thats a lot) and beat all the novice teams  it was a hella fun day 
"practice was tight, played ultimate frisbee"
"girls   , crazy  and very amusing"
doesn't know what to think or who to go for
doesn't know what to think or who to go for
 frowny  ugh
"so bored, watching my brother  ugh "
can't wait to see people at westview's homecoming
it was tight seeing everybody at westview again  gotta up load my pics later 
"girls drive me crazy, good and bad  but painful"
"have a race in portland this sunday, you all on facebook should come"
"has a race in portland this sunday, you all on facebook should come"
"          ,             "
damn night time depression
"homework ugh, wants to <propfemale> with someone this weekend"
fing night depression again
"everybody online should come to my race in portland, on the willamet,at 1 smile 0 on sunday "
people online should come to my race at 1:17 on sunday in portland  starts at the <propmale> island bridge
"big race tomorrow, kinda nervous, gonna be really fun though"
"f@#!$*! came in third by half a second, so pissed "
someone stole my wallet ; 
 frowny 
rowing was tight today
??????????????????idk
needs to stop being single  lol
"pulled a muscle in my back, not fun"
"that was a tight party, hella tired though  ergathon in the morning, ugh"
"had my ergathon, 10-4, six hours of rowing as hard as i could, so very exausted, but hangin with people was fun "
"special bday, online update: i got a car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"thanks you everybody who posted on my wall, thank you very much  smile   miss you all"
made jv basketball at <propmale>  no sweat 
"ugh, tired of having no friday night fun  needs to get ungrounded, and get my license "
"go beavers!!!, up at the half!"
"ugh working on rough draft of 5 <propfemale> report due wednesday, can't focus, need's sleep "
bj= black jesus       lol
back from a day at the mountain
<propfemale> xmas <propfemale> everybody
comment on uploaded pics
"just saw the greatest commercial ever     gotta love <propfemale>'s secret, lol"
"westview is beating oak hill academy, yeah baby!!"
let's go sooners!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sooners with the win!!!!
i hate mr  zerba
"got to go to crew practice, was so much fun, can't wait to start the season"
"never mind, how bout the air force"
"been checking out the air force website, can't wait to go through bmt"
"gotta love being an insomniac, lol"
"two practices in one day, basketball from 9-11 am, rowing from 3:45-6 smile 0, what a day, what a workout"
rough game against <propmale>
spanish rap yall!!!
crew practice tomorrow
"two practices today, good workout  tomorrow, rest, monday back to work, not in good enough shape yet"
"no more  500, learned my lesson  oh well, just a game anyways"
"murdered <propfirst>, won by 55!"
"back at crew for good, gonna b the shit "
"<propfemale>- soldier of love album, so good "
hmmmmm    
"beautiful day outside today, gotta find something to do outside"
"practice was a b**** today, so cold outside"
"workin out, trying to get my arms bigger"
really wants to have a huge ass party during spring break with everybody i know  if only   
long night ahead of me
needs a place to stay saturday night back over in the westview area
"defensive player, two years in a row now  smile !"
pb! hahaha 
spring break!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"school sure was fun today, being high on laughing gas and all, hahaha"
i feel bad missing the past two days of practice    oh well it was worth it 
why is everything going to be on friday? can't figure out what to do
"just got home from practice, now waiting for my dad to get home so he can give those 4 hours of paid work he said he had for me"
hardest bike ride of my life
"shoots and      misses  hahaha, oh well  time to reload"
why!!!!!????? spring break come back!
i like my driver's <propmale> class  wink  
"become a fan of my <propfemale> \youz be a cutie from far away but when you got close it was like ew\"" and spread the word"""
"hell yeah, both my fan pages have 50+ fans! it's a start"
anybody have good torso building and fat burning workouts?
feelin like i have some serious work to do on my body  gotta get ripped for this summer
real men drive stick
no school tomorrow!!
"watching count of <propmale> cristo, best movie ever"
got <propfemale> stone today  im gonna kick ass in spanish now!
"anybody else have their chat offline right now, or is it just me?"
"terrible 2k today, was 2 seconds over my pr"
"tonight was kind of a waste  i'm really not feelin it right now  gonna listen to some <propfemale> and music in kind, and got to bed "
"does anyone ever wonder, how much better life would be, they weren't around?"
"race time baby! get focused, get pumped!"
races today  fourth in the first one and third in the second  not a happy camper 
i wish the best of luck to my fellow rcrc rowers and friends  kick some ass and bring back some medals!!
"checkin out tat ideas  still got two years before i get one, but can't help it "
so mfing excited for practice tomorrow  missed rowing so much!
i fing hate basketball right now!!!
fight night baby! mayweather vs  mosley!
<propmale> money mayweather with the win!!
"going to the doctor to check out my head, hope all is good  regionals     "
nothing to do on such a beautiful day except hw  how depressing is that?
"after today, i want it to be summer now!!!"
dime from me to <propfirst> on the backdoor cut! for the win!
what happened to it n being <propfemale> today?
yeah today was fun! and it is! especially on such a meager topic  it should be like a 3 pages tops paper with the info he gave us 
"got regionals tomorrow, so no school!! let's go!!"
race time baby!!!! get pumped!!!!!
i want sleep     
"congradts to the guys b four for winning bronze, the girls b four for gold and the trophy, and the girls a four for getting first and advancing to the next round"
made it to the finals for the 8! now we just have to win tomorrow! let's go!!!!!
bed time in like 15 <propfemale>!
"got fourth in the finals by 5 seconds  <propfemale> close    got it next year  also learned if there wasn't a only 2 boat pass for the 4's finals, i could have had at least a bronze in the four  so frustrating"
college convention was pretty cool  got me really motivated 
rowing awards was fun  now officially varsity!!!!!!
all my fault    damn   
<propmale> and <propfemale> l can go to hell
"ugh, it's so weird not having practice  i don't like it "
just realized how much i missed playing basketball  gonna work this summer to kill next season 
"im lost, whats with this complimenting people thing? looks like fun"
if you like my status i won't say a thing 
studying for finals  ugh  and i ate too much mango  which i didn't know was possible 
<propfirst> peters was hilarious! and i got see a bunch of people! awesome night 
two finals down  four to go 
been hoping down at erving  this is where it's at!
out of school already!!!
no more finals!!!!
no more school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"love how it's my first day of break, and i still wake up at 8 "
"nickels for my thoughts, dimes in my bed  quarters of the kush shape the line in my head "
good morning oregon  ready for the first day of summer rowing practice 
"i love summer, the season of bikini's and booty shorts "
bored coaching camp  somebody hit me up so i don't have to pay attention
got to gonzaga  pretty chill  gonna be a good four days 
"fun night, hopefully tomorrow will bring more good things "
"anybody tryin to text me, don't  cause my gay phone is broken and won't text any more "
"god damn little kids, think it's funny to hide in this big house and scare the shit out of you because you told them to get ready for bed "
"man i need to meet some new people, preferably girls  gettin bored "
yes by lmfao  it's the shit 
anybody want to go to an ok go concert wit me?
next two weekend will hopefully be fun 
finally got home  had to walk from the train station 
anybody know a good artist?
oh and any idea of a good (and reasonable) place to hide a tattoo
i got my license!!!!
drivin out to the west side today  after i drop my mom off i got the car to myself  smile 
had a great time last night  hope to see more of my friends now that i can drive 
inception was the shit!!!
is anybody free this weekend?
"got my ipod replaced! i finally have my music back! no more using a disk man, hahaha "
this is going to be quite the week 
had a great night! hopefully just the beginning too 
no phone for the day  yay! but it'll b upgraded when i get it back
bored!!
"my lil bro's birthday! he's ten, now  scary"
break time from work 
wish i could have a whole day to just relax and think 
"(\sorry i painted your mouth red   \"" \""sorry i painted your mouth blue   \"" \""wanna make purple?\"") nice"""
can't it be the weekend already?
 laugh 
sending my prayers to my aunt b!
had a fun night  found blakes shoes in dq!
ib summer hw sucks balls 
"loosing bets suck  so sore, haha "
"period 1- ib psychology sl with bowman\period 2- spanish 5-6 honors with mclellarn\period 3- ib hota hl 1 with sten\period 4- photography 1 with devine\period 5- pre-calculus 1 with ball\period 6- ib english a1 hl 5 with goldbloom\period 7- ib physics sl 1 with kemper"
<propfemale>- the goo goo dolls  gotta love it 
"\ we need all our top scientists on this  somebody call india\"" hahahahaha"""
taio <propfirst> - dynamite = great music video!
new kicks and clothes for school  getting excited
there should be a relationship status called i wish i f******g knew 
the end of the last exorcism sucks
"trust, something had to earn and easy to loose  too easy   "
does anybody know where i could get a camera for photography class?
i love when awkward situations turn out well  and then feel bad for making them
gonna be a good day!
"goodbye all my westview friends, was a fun summer with you all  see u next summer "
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  )  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"mmmmm, leftovers  smile  "
rowing tomorrow! hellz yeah!!!!!!
"my thoughts go out to all those that lost someone close today, 9 years ago "
"to keep my hair this length, or to buzz it again  that is the question"
getting up early is not nice 
"the difference between a varsity and jv athlete is jv athletes go hard when it matters, varsity athletes go hard all the time "
<propfirst> gradt is a fish
in a great mood  now time to buckle down and do my hw  hit me up on the cell
"except for crew, life is very boring right now "
party!!!
"deuces by <propfirst> brown, and toot it and boot it by yg  those are my jams right now "
doing hw at 6:20 in the morning     i must be in ib
new unisuit!
bbbbbbbbbboooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddd
gotta love wasting two months of time and thoughts   
im freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
"to any of <propfemale> bride's good friends  i hope just cause this stuff ended badly, means we can't at least get along, if any of you see this, just saying "
i love how everybody says deep things when it's night time 
"wow, only two weeks!"
"song of the week, deuces by <propfirst> brown, lol "
i want chicken!!!
"made a mistake, i admit it  openly slandering someone is the most immature and rude thing u can do  won't ever happen again "
damn you <propfirst> mccoy!!!!!!!
what is love?
i need a new surrounding 
"went on fml for the first time, had a hard time getting off the site because i was laughing so hard"
we'll be alright by travie mccoy is the shit
"got practice in the morn, but  don't want to go to bed"
one more day and i have my phone back!!
baf 
being sick sucks!
facebook just got hacked  happen to anybody else?
phone back tomorrow!!
sick+homework=boring day
"i hate it when i find a bunch of music i like, but i can't get it because i have no money on itunes "
sick+not being able to row= bad afternoon
"if you have skype, add me  screen name is boldenjunior"
who has skype????
the beast- tech n9ne  nuf said
damn    the things girls do to guys  they don't even know 
the best deep comments come out at night 
won both games today  yay    
sooners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want it to be monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (at around 4 o'clock)
tomorrow needs to be now!!!!
suspenders! thats what i need     
"it's been a long three weeks  everybody has worked very hard, and i say that feel privileged to have competed with with all of the guys  thank you  (now lets all kick some ass!!)"
varsity!
who thinks age matters? cause i don't 
iris-goo goo dolls  must i say more?
anybody wanna give me a back massage?
why is everybody posting where they like it? lol
i like it where she likes it 
can u like it more than one place?
"don't you hate when you can't get that one person off your mind, but you also know that you can't talk to them?"
chicken and dumplings       yummmmmmm  smile  
gotta love bitching and whining over facebook!
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in minority, & so much more, just because of who they are  many gay teens are turning to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them to hold their    heads high, & that you respect them for    who they are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but lets see the 5% of you who will "
it's gonna be a good challenging day 
i want it to be time for practice!
what happened to the sun?
best night in a long time
"i love sexy european accents, hahaha"
everybody should make music a religion
i need to meet some new people 
what's napster?
massage on monday!!!!!!! hell yeah!!!
is it immature that i laugh when i see that i have 69 friends online?
fuck the psat!!!!!!!!
fuck the psat!!!!!!!!
quote of the day: \you guys might have two oars," but ours are longer!\"" - jonah badden \"6d2956d1b7dbafedc23dff5d5bb5fd21,"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids "
i miss europe
5:15am practice in the morning  yesssssss!
it's funny how your relationships with people change over time   
my friday night plans + my parents friday night plans= no friday night plans for me 
four more days!!!!!!!
new alfani suit    very nice  wink 
call me mr  spoiled
three more days!!!
full body massages are amazing!!!!
love
"twelve hours time, i'll be flying to boston  smile "
i'm hooooooommmmeeeeeee!!!!!
i have the best team ever 
sooooo ready for practice today 
so      much        homework       
great practice today  smile !
"not really celebrating halloween this year    \\but next year ima have the sickest costume ever!"
"hmmmm, so according to google search, the name on the back of my new unisuit is a city in western germany   "
sooo almost went to practice today 
awesome day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! even though i was sang to and felt like an attention hog 
110 birthday wishes!! damn i feel lucky
what a good day    
i feel like i should not be at school today 
we have the ergathon tomorrow         
sooooooooo dead       and i have to be up a 5  fml
who's got skype?
just one more day   
over on the east coast with nothing to do
bored   long ass drive ahead  hit me up 
i can wait for dinner tomorrow!!!!
does anybody know how to download videos off of youtube onto your ipod?
portland here i come! time to go home
wow never been to salt lake city before  it's beautiful from the sky 
home!
"i can't believe i'm that bored    \like this and i'll do the like dislike confession first impression thing"
wow responding to this like thing takes forever!
why do some of the best songs and preludes in music have to be so short?
"i had an epiphany today    \soccer girls got some booty!!!"
bball game and movies tomorrow!!
worst fucking friday ever
what is with these cartoon profile pics????????
sooooo tired  i swear ib homework drains the life out of you 
gotta love the gentlemen kettle one commercials 
"don't you hate when you want to talk to someone specific, but you don't know who?"
3-0 baby!!!! lets keep it going!!
take that duck fans!!!!!!! no heisman winner for you!!!!!!! lamichael <propfirst> got the least amount of votes for first place!
geek status!!!
"never start a poke war with 6 different people! your phone will never stop buzzing, and you will go crazy!"
good win tonight boys! but we got some work to do tomorrow to prepare for <propmale>
"we are 7-1! i hit the buzzer beating, game winning shot! and it's winter break! can it get any better?!?!"
last night    oh boy
tron was tight!!!!
dtf- down to frolic
pre-christmas present      an erg!!!!!!! hell yeah!!!
best christmas ever!! so spoiled  got the new kinetic
my suspenders are too small annoyed   (or im just a tard and can't figure out how to adjust them)
im a tard
the team shoes are here!
on the westside visiting friends
yes auburn!!!!! yes!!!!!!!
"i have i question, what does it mean to be a tool? i see people calling other people that a lot in the past    eh 40 <propfemale> maybe?"
gonna stop messin wit duck fans till tomorrow  let their pride heal a bit
week ass snow outside right now  we need some real snow!
game canceled due to weather  annoyed 
"sick or food poisoning, idk which, but it sucks  lol"
gotta love doing a shit ton of work the night before
dank-cheese time tomorow!!!
"finally home with a connection to the outside world, lol"
fuck the packers!!
what am i doing?
gonna pull an all-nighter  it's gonna suck more <propmale> than a pornstar 
does anybody know the web address for the <propmale> physics site?
this sucks
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died (my friends, family and co-worker), or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour!!"
"recently decided, i'm a crazy mofo  in a bad way "
i need a whole day just to sit and think  sunday plans? i think i just found them 
"deleting my facebook, if you want to stay in touch, comment or message me your number, skype name, or email"
"deleting my facebook, if you want to stay in touch, comment or message me your number, skype name, or email"
"<propfirst>'s mom: <propfirst> what do you want for your birthday\<propfirst>: condoms\<propfirst>'s mom: fuck to the no! im not buying you them go to your school and get them for free!\<propfirst>: but mom i want the fire and icy\<propfirst>'s mom: well <propfirst> i know you already have some from the receat i found in the car\<propfirst>: fml!"
"had a good day today, gotta love late start  also a pleasant morning getting coffee with <propfemale> long  smile  "
gonna spend all sunday just thinking  i really need to 
"had the best lunch in a long time with <propfemale> holenstein, <propfemale> mccall, and <propfemale> long  though did try to take my man card away, not cool  i don't play n sync in my car "
"my prayers go out to the people in japan, i hope everybody got away safe "
i need to get ungrounded 
truth is?
night school  sad    
"sooo uhhhh, rowing in hail hurts    just saying"
