68c27a47e57ab1b4e848f661286afe56
left to sleep carefully 
"stepped outside to smoke a cigarette made of high hopes and false e playful ectations   confusion lit the tip, and fear filled his lungs   the taste of memories was strong on his tongue from the release of cancerous smoke into the cloudy night sky   all that was left was the stinging smell of backwards progress "
thank you jimi     thank you 
nothing says christmas to me more than listening to nirvana 
"dinner with my family, then recording music "
i would go out tonight but i haven't got a stitch to wear 
working on nothingmaster's demo 
now listening to nothingmaster's demo 
sweet child in time 
i'll be the phonograph that plays your favorite albums back as you're lying there drifting off to sleep   
"will i ever be able to get a full night's sleep unaided by pharmaceuticals or extreme sleep depravation? at this point, i'm not sure "
well the challenge is set  i am officially attempting to be rejected from beautifulpeople com
boom  mission accomplished   officially not beautiful 
powerman by the kinks is the greatest song to listen to while running 
listen to the solo <propfirst> <propfemale> lays down on the live version of thank you off of led zeppelin's bbc sessions   it will change your life 
"\because i like <propfemale> so much\"""""
coffee gives you the courage of a lion 
"and it plays out the same (ya know, just without the downward spiral into depression)   good stuff  i'm loving this whole positive outlook thing   its quite refreshing   i mean, it has been years "
goddammit i want something to do tonight 
l-a-t-e-r that week
i am having a love affair with steal my sunshine by <propmale> right now 
"since you guys hated my last status so much, i have a new one   i am having a love affair with allstar by smashmouth right now "
someone once told me that i was more <propmale> gibbard than <propmale> gibbard ever was 
it would be really nice if i didn't have to rely on zolpidem for some sleep   
"while i was only having love affairs with those other songs, i think what modest mouse's the lonesome crowded west and i have is the real deal   i am thinking of proposing "
"i'm gonna dance all, dance hall everyday "
"i like to dream big    the tripledecker gardenburger: 2 layers bread, 2 layers cheese, three layers gardenburger "
"hey, i want something to do this weekend (besides record music, which is so far the only plan i have)   any suggestions?"
i might have time to record more music in a little bit 
"i'm going to get off scot-fucking-free, and we all did "
"in fourteen days it will be joose city, and i'm gonna be the mayor "
"in 13 days it will be simpler times city, and i'm running for office "
"in 12 days it will be white russian country, and i'm the tzar "
"let's go sailing, let's get a bite to eat, let's talk about movies, let's go to sleep "
sidehack!  tested it out by going and getting subway 
"in 11 days it will be blue <propfemale> town, population: me "
"in 10 days it will be miller high life city, and i will be a working and voting resident "
"in 9 days it will be skittles vodka city, and i will be tasting the rainbow "
"in 8 days it will be booze city, and i will be among its delinquents "
"in 7 days it will be shitface city, because i am going to be getting shitfaced "
"in 6 days it will be md 20 20 city, and i will be taking up residence "
"in 5 days it will be jones cream soda and vodka city, and my visit will not include any spooning "
"in 4 days it will be delicious kahlua city, and there will be sweet sweet spooning "
"in 3 days it will be brotini city, and it will be super chill, brah "
"you're right <propmale> <propmale>, everyday i am hustling "
"in 2 days it will be double chocolate stout city, and its going to be delicious "
"in 1 day it will be guinness city, and i will be loving every minute "
"also, for all you well wishers, tomorrow, don't worry about wishing me a happy birthday unless you would have picked up the phone and called me to tell me so   so, if you have my number and wish to do so, go right ahead   the only way i will be accepting to your facebook comments is if you don't have my number, but if you did, you honestly would have called   that is all "
texting is a terrible invention   terrible terrible invention 
"hey pullman, what's up?  i know you probably didn't miss me that much, but, uh, i am back, and, uh, i hope that's cool with you "
"you're not so radical, in fact you're fanatical   fanatical "
i want an actual 'the world is my ashtray' t-shirt 
"i just tried to ask out a married woman   of course, at the time i didn't know she was married    christ do i feel silly right now "
awesome 
but you won't let those robots defeat me 
"australopithecus, friend to the end, but it's over, over, over again   "
"i lost track and then those words were said, you took the wheel and steered us into my bed   "
changes in image and attitude   
"who knows, maybe there isn't a vein of stars calling out my name "
oh               christ 
"your heart felt good, it was dripping pitch and made of wood "
"hey you! do you blame yourself? oh yeah, do you blame yourself?"
i must admit i was charmed by your advances   
"i guess the good times, they were all just killing me   "
"he don't remember how it got there, he had a number written on his forearm, it spelled disaster   "
"so, i might have listened to music while watching cartoon network last night instead of sleeping  i am kinda tired, but i will probably be more tired tomorrow because of it  also, the computer animated <propmale> show is really weird "
"i am just a cowboy, lonesome on the trail   "
eating snow flakes with plastic forks   
do you realize that you have the most beautiful face?
did you stand by me? no not at all   
"so i blame this town, this job, these friends   the truth is its myself, and i'm trying to understand myself   "
"thinking about misanthropy, with a camel on my lips, a bottle in hand, as the cold wind infects my hands   the night sky sprawls all around and all i do is stand and breathe "
you will come down too soon 
"you can say what you want, you're forgiven   well happy fucking congratulations   "
"awake, i can't control the vacancy and in my dreams i can't control your persistent presence that wakes me, destroying my day before it starts   "
dammit!  i forgot my <propfemale> at work! this is the worst thing to happen to me since i had all those mental health problems!
"you're a <propmale>, akley kid   you really are "
yes! i got my <propfemale> back today i left at work!  this is the best thing to happen to me since i got over all those mental health problems!
how can someone so inconsistent mess up so consistently?
a benefit to having the absolute worst luck with women and being single? i won't have to see some shitty summer <propfemale> heigl movie or some shit like that 
woke up this morning and it seemed to me that every night turns out to be a little bit more like bukowski   
"things are just a bit nicer over some coffee, you can tell me all about your day   "
new achievement in life: i don't get carded at pullman bars because they know me 
"i would like to point out that miller high life was used to fuel a time machine   the champagne of beers and fuel for crazy adventures in 2015, 1985, 1955 and 1885 "
went to bed and didn't see why every day turns out to be a little bit more like bukowski   
listening to the flaming lips live from bonnaroo right now   my god!  i love this fucking band and i want to see them live so bad!!!!
"looking good, feeling good   also, does anyone want to see the flaming lips september 27 at the paramount theater in seattle?  i think i am going to buy my ticket today or tomorrow "
"well, that is that   i will be seeing the flaming lips in september  fuck yes!!!!"
"npr has a live modest mouse concert they are streaming   needless to say, i am quite enjoying that  excellent  and i recorded a song today! god, do i ever shut up about music?  i mean, come on me   i think i speak for everyone when i say i'm getting a little old with that shit "
"blue cadet-3, do you connect?"
you don't want to end up old and lonely like zoidberg!
i guess i need to figure out directions to the dunes   
and i'm lonesome when you're around   
"<propmale> coyne, my newest hero   he has solidified his place in just all around amazingness in my mind with the likes of <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propmale> <propmale> "
takin' a trip to blue <propfemale> city and i've brought the oranges 
<propfirst> tosh is a wonderful man  i might have to go see him in november on his stand-up tour 
i am enjoying this ugly casanova! don't know why i haven't looked them up before   
"writing music went well for me today i'd say  although i have no voice, so singing isn't going well   i need to take it easy on my voice these next couple days "
"goddamn do i say some stupid things sometimes   oh well   i try not to care, only deal with it   now i shall go for a run   after another beer "
the newest episode of tosh 0 is on right now! it's the greatest day of my life!
"it overtakes me, it overtakes me, it overtakes me, oh why?"
"oh man, today was a little rough, but now i am here in oly, and all is well "
so you put a row of mailboxes in front of my car on my way home last night   well played universe   got to make sure i don't get too cocky    or have any money   
turn it on and all the way up   
"goddamn   i know a lot of people really like the song maps by the yeah yeah yeahs, but i just can't freakin' get over it right now   i just love that song   "
"<propmale> smith, you are always willing to keep me company   "
"malibu nights, tangerine dreams   "
"i heart huckabees, southland tales or kiss kiss bang bang?    i can't decide! dammit!"
you said 'i hope you live forever ' don't you wish that on me  you said 'don't be clever '
"ha! take that universe   i had a freakin' great time last night, despite your best efforts   suck it!    although i still need my front screen door fixed "
"within the first five minutes of the movie in mystery science theater 3000, there was an awesome <propmale> vonnegut reference and the gods must be crazy reference   oh i love that show "
<propfemale> danza man
true lies and pizza and corona   awesome 
i found my copy of fashion nugget!  i can tell this is going to be a good day 
the first scene in it might get loud is the coolest thing i have ever scene   it proves how much of a baller <propfirst> white truly is 
i know it's getting to a pathetic level when i am proud of having a friendly and cute interaction with the cute check out girl at the grocery store    i am at an unhealthy level of too single   
sometimes i feel like my life is just one big joke to the eye in the sky 
<propmale> smith 
"the fearless freaks   my god   i feel so fortunate to be seeing them in the fall, and to be a part of one of the most interesting, beautiful, tragic, happy and unique events in the history of life   and the event is the existence of the flaming lips "
"white americans, what, nothin' better to do? why don't you kick yourself out, you're an immigrant too!"
latest music documentary - the white stripes: under great white northern lights     i can't even e playful ress myself right now   that was a beautiful beautiful  thing i just e playful erienced   i fall in love every time i watch something like this 
the needle broke on my record player   sad day   
how <propfirst> broke his head is most excellent so far   only about a third left  it's essentially like reading about myself ten years in the future 
"one month   one month until i get to witness <propmale> coyne, <propmale> drozd and <propfirst> ivins' brilliance   "
"i don't feel safe in this world no more, i don't want to die in a nuclear war, i want to sail away to a distant shore and make like an apeman "
"and you'll be better, you'll be smarter, more grown up and a better daughter or son   "
"i'm gonna go see built to spill in november! the flaming lips in less than 3 weeks, and then built to spill after that!!!! so stoked!!!!!!!!!"
look at me! i'm <propmale> gable! guitars and rad chords are sooooo cool  transformers 2 was the worst movie ever  i like watching goats do goat things  vroom vroom go geo go!
we're all embracing conventional wisdom in a world that's just so unconventional 
"\there's so much desk space  i feel like ceo of <propfirst> incorporated \"" -<propfirst> atkinson """
"four more days!!!  oh man, i haven't been this excited since that time i ordered that breakfast making machine   but in all seriousness, only a couple more days until the flaming lips!!!!!"
"\just a couple of pals pal-ing around in paltown\"" <propfirst> atkinson"""
"see the leaves, they're dying again "
we'll diffuse bombs and walk marathons and take home whatever together 
modest mouse + painting + beer     the best cure for boredom i have come up with so far 
"\one man's trash is another squirrel's treasure\"" -me"""
"take that assess 2 0, i just figured out how to properly analyze my data with you  booyah "
listening to <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> martsch bend some halos 
"i miss <propfemale>, heart very much"
"new death cab for cutie album! this is the best thing to happen since the flaming lips concert   spring of next year, i'll be waiting for you "
<propmale> gibbard concert on all songs considered    thank you npr   thank you 
a single pillow underneath my single head 
one week until <propmale> martsch blesses my ears with the sounds of brilliance 
"park that car, drop that phone, sleep on the floor, dream about me "
"hey! i am planning on playing open mic night at <propmale>'s this monday night  anyone in pullman that night, you should come out and stuff "
9 pm tonight!  i will be at <propmale>'s to play some songs! come if you have the <propmale> and want to 
"well, it looks like weather might keep me from seeing built to spill tonight "
built to spill was pretty damn good  my ears are still ringing 
3 weeks until la   i can't wait!
"whenever i breathe out, you're breathing in   "
i'm on the <propfemale> payment plan 
every night she falls and when she does it's with a nowhere nothin' fuckup   
"though it was brief, i am glad i was able to enjoy the company yesterday of <propfirst> manley, <propfirst> manley and <propfirst> <propmale> "
"\i'm porcupining for you\"" -<propfirst> atkinson"""
why does it always feel like i'm caught in an undertow?
fantastic mr  fox   there's something kind of fantastic about it 
it was something special while it lasted the white stripes   but we will always have your music to enjoy and appreciate 
i think i really need to go to sasquatch this year  i think i really really really need to go this year 
is anyone i know still going to sasquatch?
"the stars are projectors, projecting our lives onto this planet earth "
"you were gone and i was home, calling around   but nothing was found worthwhile "
oh codes and keys   i will be anxiously awaiting your release 
"a new album and a new live dvd, death cab are making may 31st into what is going to be a very good day   "
"one last thing before i quit, i never wanted any more than i could fit into my head, i still remember every single word you said, and all the shit that somehow came along with it   "
yesterday was a good day  a very good day 
attention citizens of pullman   i will be playing open mic night at <propmale>'s tomorrow   it starts at 9 pm for those interested 
come to <propmale>'s open mic night tonight! i will be playing!
"yo april, don't cut me no slack "
the past couple days have been good days  very good days 
awww!!! flaming lips gummy skull!!! i want one!
"i've tried twice before, but like this it just would not last   "
