5be2cab01d3dbd25339920c97f98fcb7
"well i was out the parental units the other day and came up with great idea for a recipie   it's called: road kill meatloaf!!!!!! just add your favorite type of raod kill (deer, racoon, squerrile, ect   ), add regular meat (beef, turkey, or chicken), and then make it like a regular meatloaf and enjoy!! warning!! the raod kill may have rabies soooo make sure it cooks all the way through!"
you really want to know what's on my mind eh   ? well i go back to school in two days   why can't i get another week off? come on! it's only seven little days   what harm could that do?
going ice skating tomorrow for my little cousin's b-day   hopei don't fall   i know i won't but you never know   
i hate being sick    i also learned that ddr on the wii is hard  sad 
hope everyone is having a good winter break!!
feeling better   gotta get better before school starts next week  annoyed 
hope everyone has a awesome new years!
so its only the seconday back to school   i already have a project to do in english   i have to finish my semester project for history   and i ran the mile in p e  yesterday   time was 7:15   that's slow of me  sad 
second week into the new year   school's been busy   i've been busy   i'm curently reading all quiet on the western front for english   this book is the most boring war-story in the world!!! i fell asleep while reading it   a few times   why do even read books like this?
"hey all!! i got big news!!!!!!! you all know how much i love softball and that i'm going to play this year  well   i'm not exactly doing that  insted of softball this semester, im doing tack insted  i'm doing tack cuz my softball season was kinda disappointing so i don't want another one  this way, i'm able to still have practice and meets when it rains  don't worry, i'm going to do my best!!!!"
"hey peeps!!! today i had my first ever track meet today!!!!!! i got 6 surprise 7 in the mile and 10th place!!!! i then got 13:17 in the 2-mile and 3rd place!!!!!!! during the first lap of the 2-mile, a bug, yes a bug, flew up my nose and then i spazed out trying to get it out  it was a kodak moment   if someone took a picture    over all my fist meet went very well  can't wait till my next one this friday coming up!!"
hey everyone! want to wish everyone a happy easter!
hope everyone had a wonderful easter  back to school tomorrow   blah    well see everyone tomorrow!  playful 
omg! just had the best day ever with <propfemale> and mia @ scandia!!! mini-golf and the arcade   all the epicness  thanks for coming you guys!!!!!!!!!
hey everyone!!!! i got a 5:54 mile yesterday at my meet! i'm so happy!! the wierd thing was   i didn't feel like i was going that fast   oh well i'm just glade that i got a good time 
hey all  i ran varsity last wed at my meet  got my name in the paper on thurs  4 more weeks till school is over    can't wait!!
hey all  i got a 5:53 mile and a 12:50 2-mile on friday  i ran the human race with my dad yesterday  we both ran the 10k (6 <propmale>)  my time was 45 smile 2  i got ethier 5th or 8th place in my division  i have nbls (north bay league) this week coming up  i'm running varsity at nbls  see you guys tomorrow 
"hey everyone  shot an awesome spanish video with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> yesterday  made it to nsc (north coast section) in the 2-mile  on top of that, i pr in the mile with a 5:50 and in the 2-mile 12:46  i'm so happy and excited! the next time i run the 2-mile, i'm doing it under 12 smile 0  only two more weeks left of school then summer!!!! love you all!!!  love "
"hey all  had my end of the year season for track yesterday  i got awarded the coaches award  i didn't e playful ect to get that at all but i did and i'm proud  for those who know mr pointer(my track coach), he should have had have an anti-miley award   you'll know how much i love her *wink wink* i would have won hands down  probably the biggest meet of my season is this sat  i'm aiming for 12 smile 0 or lower in the 2-mile "
"hey everyone  my track season ended yesterday sadly  i ran a 12 smile 9 2-mile and got 15th place  i needed to be in the top 7 to go to moc(meet of champions) this up coming sat  i'm still going to go to practice this week because i have nothing else to do besides study for finals  then next week, i'm going to try to relax and rest   which might not happen  anywho next season i'm going all the way to state!"
"lets see   it's only been the first day and summer and i'm already bord  my daily weekly routien is going be: eat, sleep, run, and repeat  besides all that, i'm hopefuly going to see my mom this summer, going to sandia with my awesome friends <propfemale> and mia, and the go to x-country in august  have a great summer guys  see ya when ever! smile "
hey all!!!!!!!!!! i'm in vegas with mi madre for the 15 days! try not to have fun with out me  playful 
how did we meet? put this as your status and see how many replies you get  smile 
just saw karate kid with my mom and little bro <propmale>  it was epic!
"so tomorrow night, my mom and i are going to make dinner   er   rather i will make the dinner  hopefuly everything goes right and no one gets burned or sick      "
"so, no one died eating my dinner   yet    all though, i did burn my finger   maybe i should stay out of the kitchen and stick with running    "
i think i'm going insane    i actually want to speak in spanish now    
made dinner again tonight  i didnt burn myself again this time    now lets hope we all make it to see tomorrow   
"as most of you know, i'm in vegas till july 1st  anyhoo, when i'm out on my runs, i've seen some wierd stuff  for example, snake skin, sadly a dead <propfirst> rabbit, a cute guy, and people giving me wierd looks cuz i'm out running   i made dinner twice and no one has died!"
"i have this bruise on inside of my leg  i dont know how it got there so, dont ask  anyhoo, its on the side of my leg near the calf  can anyone give advice please?"
"update on my issue  after doing some research,i know scary, it turns out i have grade 2 of a calf strain  this might put me out for 5-8 weeks   which sucks  so yeah, i'm going to be ice my leg till camp now   great  just what i want   "
"i've been iceing my leg and now i can walk with out pain  hopefully i can run soon    i'm going nuts not running! now, if my calfs hurt i know what to do "
"made dinner again to night  i'm doing preatty good at making dinner  look out <propfirst>!!!  playful  jk, you can be the chef    i'll stick to running  <propmale> and i played with water guns afterwards      i'm got him good     leg's doing a lot better now  still can't run on it  might not be able to run again till mon "
"tomorrow my mom is going to run a 5k around lake mead  i was saposed to run the 10k at the same time         but i cant now  annoyed  oh well, next year "
want to run    but i cant     ugggg       have sooo much energy that i must burn!!!!
"no body loves me!!!!!!!!! i havent talk to anyone all day!!!! now, i'm sad  sad "
why doesnt any one love me?  sad 
"lets see    i made dinner tonight for my moms b-day  i made chicken fajitas  they turned out really good  im becoming more and more like a chef  playful  tomorrow i get to go out for a run to see how my leg is  hopefully its better  i've iced it and put heat on it  doesnt hurt to walk and jump on my right leg anymore  all i can do, is wait "
"sooooo, i tried to run on my leg     yeah 10mins into my run it started to hurt  ive been iceing it and heating it for a while now  anyone know what else i can do? any advice is welcome "
"my arms hurt, my abs hurt, and my leg is a little better  thank you <propmale> for the wonderful x training work outs  tomorrow night im going to the midnight showing of elclipse with my mom!"
yay! im seeing the midnight showing of eclipse with my mom!!!!! i  love  u mom!
"when you first met me, what did you think about me and what do you think about me now?"
"hey everyone  saw eclipse last night  it was preatty good  if you want to see proof if i actually went     well to bad  i threw the ticket away by accident  <propmale> and <propfirst> were cute as ever  if you have a question, just ask  the movie follows the book for the most part "
has any one else seen eclipse yet?
hey all  about to leave for the airport  i really dont want to leave   but i have to go home  so im coming home again  hopefully to see some of you guys soon!!!
"hey everyone  im back in california  sooo if you want to do anything, tell me "
"my leg's doing better  its just one little <propfemale> spot on my leg thats bugging me    i hope that goes away fast  i got new shoes yesterday to run in  the feel great and yeah  i think im losing my modivation to run     idk whats going on    maybe if i listen to some music, it will help me through this pinch"
"*sighs* i really feel down lately  i dont know what's causing it  i lost my modivation to run     can someone help inspire or modivate me, that will be great  any help is welcome "
"i found my motivation to run again  after talking with a friends about stuff  and sitting in my room thinking for awhile  i finally figured out what i wanted  when i did, it hit me harder than a semi-truck  thank you to all that helped me  smile  i would give you all cookies but    i kinda ate them all    "
"1: kehan ac algerbra cpm 3 4, 2: ac us history dekins  sad , 3: stage craft krains, 4: ac chem breninger, 5: ac english kammer, and 6: <propfemale> pointer i'm just a little disappointed in the histroy department    "
"had an awesome day with <propfemale>!!!!!! girl, we need to do this more often  smile "
lets see    went to the game friday with <propfemale>  then i had a meet yesterday    couldnt run cuz <propmale> said no  thats about it for now    i think   
"why did it have to rain today? now, all the trails are going to be muddy  sad "
im actually excited for tomorrow
"hate to say it but, my xc season this year sucked  now that cross-country is over, i can look forward to track  this year i'm going to break 5 smile 0 in the mile and 12 surprise 0 in the 2-mile  training starts tomorrow after school  anyone who wants to join me, is welcome "
"just had an awsome time with my mom on the vegas strip  rode insanity and the new york coaster  i would love to repeat this night again if i could  love you, mom!  smile "
"just made pork chops with apple sauce, potatoes, and peas  tastes soooo good! now going to watch vampires suck with my mom, <propmale>, and sylvi  smile "
teaching  helping my mom play fallout: new vegas         
great     my mom got an annoying song stuck in me head      
does anyone besides my mom know wht a monchichi is!?
i love little kids imagination when it comes to playing kitchen
"all the wrapping i did for my mom, is now gone in 20 minuets  it was worth it though"
"oh, <propfemale> and <propfemale>, i ate salmon tonight  just to let you know  smile "
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!
does anyone know what the weather is like in sr?
"well, i'm off to the airport to come home  had an amazing time with my mom, <propmale>, and <propfemale>  i wish i repeat this week again "
track starts tomrrow      soooooo pumped!!!! im going to break 12min in the 2-mile this year!!!
