1589e781f5e739d69efad82c0e31697c
aquamarine with brown and aqua flowers  ^^
"slicing up eyeballs, i want you to know   "
i can barely wait for mass effect 2   i've preordered the collector's edition for the xbox and am refreshing my familiarity with me1 with a full run through   it takes me a while because i do *every single side quest*    and i can't shoot for shit   and i obsessively save before and after every decryption minigame because i refuse to bypass them with omnigel   i'm seeing an ocd theme here   now for ocd me2 
"my mass effect 2 arrived in the mail today! i don't even have my me1 char done to import but fuck it! that sucker's gettin' played! *huggles box* i love you, video games "
"thinks the diet cokes in the work vending machine are breeding  if they reach the bottom row to interact with the pibbs, there will be a diet pibb outbreak  possibly mini-bottles "
"stoked from beating me2 and saving all of my crew   and yes, i said \stoked\""   *laughs*"""
"aarg, i finally broke down   it's all bioware's fault for luring me in with their delectable games   *sigh*  i got a twitter account   since facebook's twitter app refuses to cooperate, tweet me @sad_puppy if you want "
"been waiting a while to see anything develop out of the htc supersonic for sprint rumors   today they announced the htc evo, which is the release name for the rumored phone   still trying to decide between it and the nexus one when it comes out for cdma   been waiting years for a new phone, and i'm not waiting much longer   (starving for an ebook reader )"
"does anyone have an htc hero and, if so, how are the games on it?  not sure i'm prepared to spend a lot on a nexus one or evo, but would i be satisfied with a hero?  the specs are significantly worse and ntelos has no date on updating to android 2 1   on the other hand, how often am i really going to need the higher processing speed?  some games apps that android 2 x, which is probably my strongest misgiving "
oh yeah     and the flash support!  the online flash games!!
it doesn't even have a camera flash   *bangs head against wall*
"doesn't want to get any older   i don't want to die before they develop technology to implant jacks in people's heads and e playful erience stunning and scary virtual worlds   and, you know, work the bugs out of the system and hardware so brains stop frying   what if i'm too old to be compatible with the upgrade?!  curse you, sci fi!  raised my dreams for nothing!"
"is <propfemale> disappointed   apparently my new position   doesn't come with cake even though i still report to the same person   for now   it's ok, but they just should have warned me instead of  letting me  find out on my birthday   i thought it was an april fools'  joke, but  it's just the bitter taste of disappointment "
"thanks to those who clicked on my bioware link for the last week and a half!  as long as everything goes smoothly, i'll be getting a surround sound headset   memory pack that i won a bid on   (i was going to say ram pack but     no   )"
"i'm thankful to the person who came over yesterday to make sure i didn't get electrocuted while setting up a pump in my flooded basement  we basically did everything i'd been considering already, but it was good to have someone giving confirmation  i'm not used to wading around flooded interior spaces while handling electrical devices  yay for rubber rain boots! first time i got to use them, too   laugh "
"activated my htc evo about 1 hour ago  it's pretty fun  i saw a dig against the cluttered keyboard, but i love it  everything on one screen!"
"back from a 5-day weekend visiting the parents in florida   um    not that i told anyone i left   spent two days at disney since mom could get <propmale> and myself in free   wasn't it disney that had mr  toad's wild ride?  i was looking forward to taking <propmale> on it, but it was nowhere to be found   sad   let's hope i was just looking in the wrong park "
