d59a5af7977fb7f89884a3658f0f873a
i am finally in soberliving!!!!!!
tired of my car not starting
blah --- blah --- blah
i am in a great place rite now
looking for a better jobie job
havent slept at all
i am just living this life one day @ a time   nothing more - nothing less
it feels good to be wanted     
trying to find the mania that i love so much
finding friends on here    
y wont it let me chat?
i miss my skittles !!!!!
have to delete some of my friends        sad 
might be easier to delete my facebook altogether
i jsut deleted my myspace    too much drama
where is everybody !!!! ii need to talk
i love my sister
i will be off of facebook for the next month
stick a fork in me     im done
having a hell of a time    
my sponser talked to her sponser who talked to her sponser and they alled agreed that i should start my steps over since i just switched sponsers
i am doing awsome    
i am sitting @ the artic coffee bean using their internet to look for a job     have been @ it for like 5 hours  stick a fork in me   im done
"this sub-zero degree coffee bean has got to light the furnace   shit, its cold in here-----im outta here"
can someone be in this good of a mood for this long without something going wrong?
maybe im manic     yay
kickin it with friends doing the do   
need to find a job!!!! anybody have any ideas???
trying to get a friend into a soberliving house         being of service
am planning my mans b-day      yay!!!
i am taking a sleep study finally    tonight
patricks b-day surprise is not a surprise anymore    i am a dumb ass
trying to plan a b-day for the hubby when he is angry with me     doesnt work too well
something is going on with my sponsee and i am worried     
it is gunna b a one man show (me) starting on friday     
talking to a long lost friend    i missed her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is gunna b an awsome christmas!!!
still havent even started shopping yet    yikes!!!
bored outta my mind    aaahhhh
i miss my ivs     
i am faceless   aaahhhh
now i gots a face
happy new year everybody! i thank you for all ur support u have given to me this past year & am looking forward to this new year  one of extreme growth  gunna be a hard road     but well worth it in the end
im about to do some important shit for my work   i feel like an fbi agent   lol
go - go gaget    
just playing around
confused
glad to have suck good friends right now   i need them
i mean such   lol
i have a feeling that i am about to get my ass kicked   lol an ass kickin every once in a while is gud 4 u   smile 
blah blah blah
dealing with real life     no fake life for me   lol
needs to do alot of soul searching    
its asks what is on your mind   well awhole lot!!! i have alot going on right now!!
my mind is running!!!!
its amazing how a few words even <propfemale> text can stop ur head from running    
2day is my 1 yr ~ clean & sober!!!!!
just moving in to my new room     thank god for friends      keeping me on track    im draggn ass
pop-pop fizz-fizz   oh wat a reliefe it is
waiting  waiting  waiting 
"day 1 down     i have a long hard road ahead of me\thank god for the support of my friends & my bf"
humph!!
how cute is my doggie??? aaawwwww
feelings <propfemale>!
day 3 & rising      
wide awake @ 4am
@ an aa banquet       jumpn bak in
i wanna go 2 disneyland <propfemale> i grow up       lol
beating myself up for all the stupid shit that ive done & that i am going thru
on my way 2 the beach w  my bb
about to play     
all for one & one for all
in a mtg        gotta go listen now
jumpin in with both feet     scared as hell!!!!
wide awake
hummmmmm
"its not about finding the right person, its about finding the right relationship"
"never apologize for showing your feelings, when you do you are apologizing for your truth"
starting anew
the lone wolf
up in the attic unsupervised again
off my rocker
out in left field
being of service
waiting for a friend to call
"waiting, waiting, waiting & waiting some more"
was good to see an old friend
kinda feeln down & out right now
feelin like shit!
tomorrow is another day
life really duz move on    
when it rains it pours
i wish i felt there was @ least one person who i cud tell everything to
i can't get this image out of my head
feelin a bit overwhelmed
feelin better
"go straight home, do not pass go & do not collect $200"
feeling neglected
i'm definatley not the frickin energizer <propfemale>
here we go again      
i hate my f 'n life right now
ive got a long hard road ahead of me to clean up this mess ive made of my life  only good thing that ive found on this journey is my other half 
that long hard road just got longer & harder              looks like im trudging it on my own
wish i didnt have to
"rereading all my posts & u kno, i've got a lot of support out there  y aren't i using it?"
patiently waiting & striving 4 the life i want & is worth fighting for 
this shit is gunna be f'n hard              yikes!!!!
is this really how it ends?
gray skies r gunna clear up     put on a happy face  surprise )
good 'ol self sabatage  where have you been? oh how ive missed you              here's we go again
i don't know wat to think anymore
i know i have friends     but y do i feel sooo alone rite now?
when did i loose all my friends? wat did i do?
"well, my short stint in detox is coming to a close  2moro morning i start my program     yikes! god, give my the strength to do this with an open mind & open heart    "
i am baaaack!!!  surprise )
"well, im out & a free woman! it feels good to be out     but i have to admit alittle apprehensive & nervous about restarting my new sober life  as long as we keep this program 1st, we will be a ok!!!"
1st night in the new place      hows that gunna go???
took 30 days today
we need lots of prayers tomorrow that all goes well  i think i'm nervous for him    i can't frickin sleep
"well not as well as we e playful ected  tomorrow will tell     \today spending some much needed <propfirst> time"
i have a friend in need of prayers u guys    a lot of prayers  could u all help me please?
sober & happy     what more could i ask for?
just layin here with my man     lovin every minute of it!
"44 days sober now  had a down day today     but still sober! i still have a long way to go before catching up to my year mark      but 1 day @ a time, right?"
"right this second    i'm doing very well  surprise )\i have had some ups & downs lately    meds related i'd imagine\but this very second, i am happy & hope it doesn't stop as i left without my meds this morning  surprise (\i'm trying a new thing about perception     it's all in my perception, rite?"
"lost my happiness for abit    but it's baaaack  surprise )\now it's \brent time\"" - heehee"""
fuck this shit
never fear     shit passes
@ a birthday mtg right now     this thing really works  surprise ) (if u work it that is)
46 yrs     damn!
my head is running about stupid shit  shit that shouldn't even matter  how do i stop it     eeeekk
& i love <propfirst> brinkley
i miss my skittles       
"just when you think things couldnt (or shouldnt) get any worse, your meds stop working              yikes!!!!!"
blessings come from une playful ected places sometimes      thank god for sobriety!!!!
sooooo bored      
"had a rollercoaster of a day today    yuck! worst part is i hurt someone very dear to me, even though unintentional it still hurts  i am sooo very sorry <propfirst>!!"
"had a good day today     alone time, girl time (both much needed)  then my man took me to dinner & the my outpatient group  my mind is clear for a change    still a lot going on up there though (wish that would stop, but whatever)  its nice to have some clarity (if only for a while)  surprise )"
bored as hell    where is everybody? why doesn't everyone keep my hours? lol
sober & learning to love life
just went hiking out behind our house    i love it here!!!
there's no place like home    there's no place like home    
for once it feels good not to belong      
im not sure what to think or what to feel     my head is spinning & im not sure what about
serenity     even in the eye of the storm
i hope everybody had a great thanksgiving              i did!!
got a call from my best friend today      actually felt like we were best friends again  been missing u <propfirst>!!!! i love you!
beginning to question     
"manic & having mixed feelings about it      i love being manic, but my baby isn't loving it!"
utilized my alone time     yay me!!!
aaahhhhh!!!!!
im losing my mind              i need a mtg
"so i'm feeling empty & all alone & lost     so i do what is suggested of me (to pray) & i still feel lost & alone, but the emptiness is less     when does this hole fill up?"
feeling productive today      got some stuff done (kinda)  then stopped to paint my nails & now im stuck feeling productive & not being able to do anything          lol
big difference from how i was feeling yesterday             guess there is something to be said about this praying stuff  surprise )
sitting @ starbucks        bored as can be!! thank god for group tonight
"getting about that time           i wonder if my insurance will be accepted or not \i wonder if they got the whole outpatient program weeks approved at the same time (im hoping) or if they get it approved week by week  cuz my insurance is done  surprise ("
i'm freaking out! starting to calm down some      thank god for my sponsor!!
"i had the bestest day ever today!!! my bff came to see me  surprise ) it felt like old times again!\thank you alex    it made all the difference in the world to me & made my day!!! i love you  love "
i am soooo proud of you <propmale>!!!!
"today i took my 90 day chip!  yay me!!! \today i am grateful for my sobriety & being able to enjoy life today out of the fog of my addiction "
did not have a good day today    bits & pieces were ok (meaning they didnt suck) changing meds blows
"day w a friend, church, a real <propfirst> brown tree, cpk & the movies? a greatly needed date night! what a perfect day  love "
a friend of mine snatched up again     fuck this disease!
come home     
"y, when getting loaded is the furthest thing from my mind am i kinda jealous when a friend of mine goes back out? i hate this disease! i want my head to stop too, but i don't get that option, nor do i want that option      but y does my first thought say \lucky\""? someone please      i can't sleep even  this shit isn't worth it anymore to me! i'm confused """
i need to look @ y i want relief from my own head so i can fix that  cuz if i wasn't looking for relief from my own head than i wouldn't be jealous     & getting loaded is not an option for me anymore
let's give this prayer thing a shot again      
<propfemale> christmas to all my loved ones!! may u have a great day  surprise )
"had a good day, but started missing my family     depression sets in  am @ the birthday mtg to pick up my 90 day chip     trying to pull myself out of this self-destructive attitude  hopefully this works  i hope y'all r having great times with whoever ur with  am grateful to be sober this year!"
an end to an emotional day    but still (gratefully) sober! gudnite y'all
i am blessed! to have such good friends in my life
anybody wanna come keep me company???
"well, i got 1 thing accomplished today                yay me!!!"
welp     gunna be w out my phone 2moro  i kno i kno    moi? w out my phone? the world as i kno it is coming to an end    for the day @ least  lmao  if u wanna get ahold of me u can text me ipod (909) 277-7347 ~ help keep me company  surprise )
this shit sux!! i'm supposed to sit thru this shit?
i need some girl-time soon! anybody?
"thank god for my outpatient group! helped me talk myself out of wanting the \escape\"" """
"so far, so good  surprise )"
what do u think? too red?
had an awesome day! spent the day w my nephew & my <propfemale>  these r the days i got sober for!!
well dinner didn't turn out so hot  lol  but we did it together & that's what counts   surprise )
i am sooo bored!! i can't wait to get my license back
