76b611d2a7530c6e8a29bd0dca2bb681
going to bed so i can get up at 6am 
going to bed so i can get up at 6am
"grrr, gmail won't load"
on my way to listen to 95 5 w p l j  best station ever !!!!
too too much
don't know don't care
"got some sleep some how,now at the awesome kids house i watch : )"
yo look on the news something interesting actually happened in <propmale> county at rockaway mall 
i added more pics of my neice
"my aunt is in the opening scene of the first superman with <propfirst> reeve, cool, right?"
"my brother <propfirst> won two ribbons in a beer making contest, pretty cool right?"
uh             oh the pups are at it again lmao
i hate christmas decorations in october !!!!!
game over! world series  over !!!!! theeeee yankees win !!!!!!! theeeeee yankees win !!!!! enough said ? lol
game over ! world series over ! theeee yankess win!!! theeeeeeeee yankess win !!!!! enough said ? lol
god help me and the kids i watch ! ! !
"going through my gmail, only 334 left  "
i hate seeing christmas decoartions and hearing christmas music in stores at least before the thanksgiving parade 
at the bridgewater mall in awe of the apple store which provides stools 
check my new pics of my niece
at the boys house living it up ! i just miss my puppies   
eating scrambled eggs thinking of mb of the very few of you who  know whom i'm referring too     
nothing
<propfirst> my dog is barking in his sleep  smile 
i love watching <propfirst>! he is funny  his super spelling sentence was <propfirst>'s brain is  very very very very very very small  
"lets try this again, r i p <propfirst> lennon  29 years ago today"
new york yankee pinstripe
can't find my keys even after cleaning my car thoroughly  sad  wish me luck in finding them soon !!
i found my keys !!!!!!!  smile 
the kids i watch didn't have any idea what twinkies were until this afternoon they are 8 and 11  what has our world come to?
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
thank you all for the birthday wishes  smile 
i have great friends  smile  !!
<propfirst> my dachshund is deathly afraid of snow plows  
made it back to where i am taking care of pepper my mom's friend's dog without gettting to lost  smile 
choosing a new cell phone is soooo very very frustrating!!!! urgh!!
choosing a new cell phone is soooo very very frustrating!!!! urgh!!
"the fest for beatles fans  \i want to go to the fest for beatles fans this weekend because i have always wanted to e playful erience a once in a life time opportunity like this """
home again and loving it!
my brother <propfirst> is awesome!!! he helped me file my taxes  : ) watching some clips form the it crowd
"okay thanks,i heard it was spam"
visiting <propmale> brenner at the diner  smile  lol
can someone please send me 2 blue-crowned motmots
"fb privacy heads up!! as of today, there is a\new privacy setting called \instant personalization","\"" which shares data\"76b611d2a7530c6e8a29bd0dca2bb681,the kids are going to be amazed because i cleaned my car trunk out  they just can't see my room       lol
why are the bathrooms in libraries locked and have abnoxiously large pieces of wood attached to them? lol
going to the turtle back zoo today !!!!! ( :
i always choose the seat at the library near the guys who talk to themselves and don't start talking to themselves untill i am already settled in to where i want to sit ????
this 10 year old kid who is a yankee fan band plays baseball had no idea who <propmale> larsen is  he lives in the neighborhood where i watvh two kids  lmfao
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want -- to be accepted  will you copy and paste this on your status? this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and understanding 4 minutes ago · comment · like"
"i had a great time with my posse tonight,yes i have a posse   smile "
i have some really great friends!  ( :
"vpuods?? o?? ??s o??u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
like this status and i'll describe u with every letter of your first name
like this status and i'll describe u with every letter of your first name
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind \  - dr  seuss"
i had a klondike bar for my snack and this thought passed through my mind       what would ya dooo for a klondike bar ? lol
"my phone is mia ,yet once again        "
"big day tomorrow,goin to bed"
i just finished my first day back at c s e   smile 
"facebook,addiction,now time for homework smile "
"at school all day doing stuff and things, then after that i'm going to do more stuff and things   smile  peace!"
i helped save a cute wittle mouse today : )
why?
time to do something people call homework      
"everybody's got a water buffalo, your's is fast but mine is slow, oh where'd  we get them i don't  know  but everybody's  got a water buffalooooooo   i took  my buffalo to the store got his head stuck in the door spilt some lima beans on the floor oh everybody's  got      a        "
"attention uno posse: i have misplaced my charger for my phone so my phone is therefore dead  if there is anything you want to contact me about, please call where i babysit,i will facebook you the number "
"attention uno posse: i have misplaced my charger for my phone so my phone is therefore dead  if there is anything you want to contact me about, please call where i babysit,i will facebook you the number  thanks!!!!"
in bed with my three pupp dogs  : ) 
i had a great night with my friends at chevy's which i  thought was  called chewy's when i was younger  lol why  are there so many songs about rainbows?
check out my costume under recently tagged pictures of me  smile 
in bed with my dachounds : )
"re indecision undo---------- your status has been updated annoyed <propfemale> in"
in bed with my dachounds : )
i love my dogs !
i beat my high score of 150 in bowling and shot a 166 with a house ball : )
happy veterans day ! i love and miss you poppy !!!
i had a ball bowling with my friends tonight 
in bed with all three of my dogs : )
in bed with my three little angels ( : (dachounds)
aaa is my best friend!noreen
epic fail: i just saw a gas station worker smoking 
i love how my dachshound <propfirst> sleeps on his back with his paws and tail in the air 
guess who's scared of snow plows and woke me up to let me know they are going past the house      
in bed with all three of my dachshounds ( : who could ask for anything more?
what has twelve paws and two feet?
at  least lsu won the cotton bowl 
<propfirst> is sleeping on his back as if he were a little human 
ladies night tonight  smile  !!!!
i'm finally in bed and as ready for school as i can be 
on my way to new york with my mommy to see the script at w p l j's private lunch concert at the hard rock cafe that i won tickets for last monday morning  nore
waiting patiently for the script to start at the private concert i won tickets to noreen
i'm not on facebook all that much right now because i am taking classes and i get easily distracted by the awesome games on here 
i wish i could get paid to read word for word out of a textbook noreen
how many jets does it take to get to the super bowl ? discuss      
making notecards and watching fraggle rock on my self declared snow day since c s e  never closed 
my cell phone is mia yet again 
i love my personality theories class 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!!!
"? i'm a little boy with glasses, the one they call a geek; a little girl who never smiles cause i've got braces on my teeth  i'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last; you don't have to be my friend, but is it too much to ask: don't laugh at me, don't call me names, don't get your pleasure from my pain! in the eyes of god we're all the same  ? ~ repost for bully awareness"
please text me your name or call me so i 2n add you to my contact list again 
please text me your name or call me so i can add u 2 my contacts  again 
i had fun with my grandma today  smile 
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
all finished shoveling my part of the driveway  8-)
"just before her 10th reunion, <propfemale> had been divorced, and she was working as a secretary to support herself "
out with my grandma : )
just made a super strawberry banana smoothie        mmmmm
"they must be handing out $100 00 dollar bills in the denville library tonight because i got the last parking spot, okay back to my school work, peace!!!!"
yummy yummy in my tummy miami rice cannoli flavored pudding
"hey <propfemale>! its <propfirst> and <propfemale>! this is wat happens <propfemale> u click stay logged in!! next time remember to log out!\love,\<propfirst> and <propfemale> smile   love "
