89d0f29444059638e6625df0c21efb1e
looking for something to do today  
i be that man on the <propfemale> 
i see the internet is on computers now  
did you realize that you were a champion in their eyes?
"and i heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today"
accidentally e playful osed himself to swine flue vaccine  for actual swine  hmm    
is cooler than a polar bear's toenails 
last day in the area for like 4 months
all morons hate it when you call them a moron 
is in boston   and liking it more and more by the minute 
wants to know the final dorm selection to start furnishing his room 
is done with the first day of classes : )
"realizes this is the eye before the storm, but still loving it just the same "
"you need to get up, get out, and get something; how will you make it if you never try?"
"modern guilt is all in our hands, modern guilt won't get me to bed, say what you will, smoking my cigarette, don't know what i've done but i feel afraid"
whoo  first exams tomorrow 
"standing on the board, board is on the wheels, wheels are on the ground, spinning round and round "
oh the joys of psets  only calc left to do  smile 
"the universe is shaped exactly like the earth,  if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were "
"now everyday we look up at the ceiling, watchin ceiling fans go around tryin <propfemale> catch that feelin"
really should straighten my sleep schedule out 
i'm losing my edge 
to whom much is given much is tested 
"gonna be back in minnesota from the 24th to the 29th! if any homies want to <propfemale> then, give me a call or text "
back in cambridge   thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
one week 
subvert normality 
"it's just a  poem until y'all learn right from wrong, know when to bless a situation-when to grab the chrome "
it's the return of the gansta  
up to cloud for the night 
"yes, i wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes, you'd know what a drag it is to see you "
sometimes i can't find my good habits 
i wish i was half the man my dog thinks i am 
i'm never as tired as when i'm waking up 
hmmm   20 hours for a 6 <propfemale> paper  i should really stop cornering myself like this  oh well 
"when bright young minds can't afford college, <propfemale> pays the price  take note california "
off to <propfemale>!
about to go for a long run along the <propfirst>  smile 
sideways falling 
"6 <propfemale> paper tomorrow, chem exam wednesday, calc exam thursday, and physics quiz friday  busy week, eh?"
"<propfirst>, this is the way the world works! if you want to find some quality friends, you gotta <propmale> through all the dicks first!"
biking to walden pond!!
"good ride  smile  40 <propmale> and got to see walden pond, bunker hill, and the u s s constitution"
kinda just want to crawl into a hole this weekend and catch up on sleep 
i'm oddly attracted to pulling all nighters  
my get up and go must've gone up and went 
"final paper, physics quiz, calc final, then chem final  getting close  laugh "
another festivus miracle!!!
"i'm on my grind, don't block my shine"
one more week then back to the wood!
bye boston   see you again in two months 
kinda missing a phone and other conveniences   hopefully they'll show up!
faith is what you make it 
going to moa to dive with the sharks!  smile 
be good or be good at it
"i love scotch  scotchy, scotch, scotch  here it goes down, down into my belly  "
two more days then peacin' out to boston!
snus is my new fetish 
"i need to get stupid, butters  i'm getting all the blood to rush to my head and watching a marathon of two and a half men "
treading along  
puked on the first day of wrestling practice   what an awesome start!
i feel like the leader than no one follows 
"\there's countless examples of very classy actors doing black face  we got the great c  <propfirst> howell in soul man  we got the wayans brothers in white chicks  that was a very tasteful example of reverse blackface \"""""
"kanye is an egotistical prick, but damn his music is something else  my beautiful dark twisted fantasy is simply awesome "
"less than a year from now, i will be an adult    or at least more of an adult  laugh  thanks for the good will everyone!"
have to get another acl reconstruction     yay   
"if you're blessed with talent, utilize it to the fullest, be true to yourself, and stay humble "
