f43dda9774729897878f9c6249659939
"why do people assume sorry fixes everything?? haha, its just a word people "
you get what you give 
"ugh, nothing is worse than a day off with no plaaans  frick "
"sooo i guess i'm obligated to wish my mother a happy day today   jeez  ;p happy momsss day mom, love you "
"needs to be awake   \yaaaawwwwnn\"" """
"that had to be the most restless night i've had all year, thank goodness for rockstars baby "
"is so in a good place, lol"
"pulled an all nighter with <propfirst> and z  about to start work  and then dinner with nieto  what a day what a day, lol "
"101 things to do   jeez, where do i start?  annoyed "
"\and so i wake in the morning and i step outside and i take a deep breath and i get real high and i scream from the top of my lungs what's going on?!\"""""
"sweetheart you best believe your here because i want you to be, nothing more nothing less, so please don't get it twisted   wink "
ever get the feeling everyone is laughing behind your back?  i do 
bow chicka wah wow  yea 
"if you \like\"" this status i'll post something i like about you  post on your status update if you like a challenge   smile """
thought of the day  don't go clubbing with people you barely know   all bad  lol
hugs?
def a starbucks morning 
"alright guys   does erasing someone from your life, i'm talking burning pictures, deleting <propfirst>, throwing away past gifts   really make you feel better in the end?  annoyed "
"moving  cleaning  shopping  grocery shopping  more cleaning  and now work  jeez, is this day over yet? i'm beat "
"\she tells lies like she plays jenga \"""""
jamie+glasses=questionable   annoyed 
"\psh that boy gives more rides than a two story carousel \"""""
juice??!
"i'm a fag  a fag, a fag, faggy faggy fag fag"
z your a jerk  nuff said  lol 
"i smile and nod cause that's what your used to, while i silently laugh to myself thinking damn your such a fool "
coffee please? sure  where is it? your out      thanks <propfirst>  your welcome <propfirst> 
noooo!!  just realized   i totally bought the wrong chips  dangit 
"sigh   work+onmydayoff=ihatenicholasfuckingprater  just saying, lol"
sigh   i can't win  haha
given the <propmale> everyone has the ability to create a smile 
past midnight and i'm wide awake   no bueno   annoyed 
i get to see all my boys tonight!  laugh dd sooo stoked! its been months since we all <propmale> out together   love 
system overload  beep beep beep  system shutting down 
"\what's your nationality?\"" definitely one i havnt heard before  lol"""
"party with amazing people, brunch with a few of those people, then the fair where i gots me a puppy dog annnd rode a roller coaster, then to exhale, and to top it all off late night bowling and taco <propfemale>  definitely the best 24 hours i have had in a very long time  you three are awesome!\ love  love  love "
"i don't fear you persay, i fear what's behind you  "
apparently breaking into people's apartments and eating their oreos is all the rage 
"oh <propfemale> oh <propfemale>, how i hate you so "
"\you can't the annoy the annoying\"" lol"""
who who wants to get lunch? i'm hungry and don't wanna eat alone  lol
love how a good night turns too shit into 3 5 seconds 
"everything is changing before my very eyes  scenery, friends, soon to be job,   me  and for once, i'm okay with that  you could say i'm rather enjoying it   smile "
"what do you give someone who already has everything?? \sigh\"""""
"lol, nates playing ddr   laugh "
"i am my mother's daughter afterall, heh "
have a safe flight and wonderful time  and stop over analyzing everything  you'll be home before you know it   wink 
sigh   i want to shop  <propmale> you are diverting me from my goal! lol
i wanna learn longboarding   smile 
"\its not probable but it is possible \"""""
hot chocolate on a hot summers day? more enjoyable than you'd e playful ect   smile 
gotta love <propmale> horror  mhmm   smile 
"just woke up   hmm, well this is inconvenient  lol"
 coffee schoolstuff nicks  go!
if i miss my class because of this friggin bus i will not be a happy camper  grrr 
what are you doing?
"woke up 30 minutes late, missed my bus, and my ipod is dead  jeez what a shitty morning this is "
bleh  is it tuesday yet??
"wind, we will fight  you've been warned "
hmm  what are y'all doing tonight?  smile 
what's everyone doing tonight? i need to get out of the house for a bit   annoyed 
i want a longboard and i want it now dangit 
coffee= love 
finished my test in 20 minutes   laugh  yay!
"so im thinking about having either a party or movie night sometime this weekend, any takers?  smile "
"my minds racing, sleep isnt gunna come easy tonight "
another? yes please   smile 
"hmm  pirates, dark knight, or jackass??  ho humm "
"i should be asleep, i want to be asleep, but low and behold i cannot sleep "
coooffeeee!!!  wink 
hmm  what a conundrum i've put myself in 
"for some odd reason spice girls is stuck in my head   interesting, yet annoying "
just saw a little old lady in a powered wheelchair walking her blue nosed pit  love it 
circus animal cookies =  love 
 smile 
\snails see the benefits\,f43dda9774729897878f9c6249659939,"i can't wait till next week when i can resume my classes, i miss them oh so much "
goodmorning starshine! the earth says five more minutes   
"i was brainwashed to be honest, in this brave new world that slowly passes by "
my face smiles(12) because of you 
"i have my words   \i hope they hurt you\i hope they scar you\i hope they heal you "
the moment of truth ladies and gentlemen    
"next paycheck, sooo getting my longboard   smile ))"
"hug me 'til you drug me, <propfemale>, hug me\hug me 'til you suffocate me, hug me anyway"
"okay i don't care who you are, leggings do not constitute as pants, especially when worn with an oversized sweatshirt  come on people "
"lmao!! so this guy has a pumpkin stand with gourds and assorts, and he's trying to fight off like 5 wild turkeys from messing with his merchandise and from the looks of it, he's losing  love it "
"okay, i really don't wanna go home quite yet, who's down to <propfemale>??"
got meh some yo-yo strings   laugh 
"hmm, i wonder what else i could fuck up this week?  annoyed "
texxxxt me  please?  laugh  thank you 
sooooo much beer  lol
"friiiick i can't sleep, lol"
<propmale> horror+halloween decor  awesome 
nate wants a gnome   in his stomache  mhmm 
"went to work, finished class, just finished donating blood, nooow to see if we can do something about this hair "
guess who works at 3 smile 0am alllll next week?!  playful 
"okay, reasons why my playlist will not load onto my ipod??? it's driving me nuts "
"excuse me day sir, can you hurry up and be done with please? i'm ready for my weekend  thanks in advance "
"4 and half hours and i can go home and sleep, and do i ever need it "
today is an awesome day   love 
"\spanish speaker!  you speak you espanol?!  your name must be jose  are you jose?!\"""""
"liar liar! what have i done? your no lover and i'm no fighter, the story goes on "
"i havnt even left my house yet, and i already want to be home  today is going to be a long day "
there are ducks   in   the   treeees!!   laugh 
guilt  the second worse feeling in the world 
"yea, kinda like that "
"even if your not here, i got your back  baby don't fear, ill put them back on track "
not the gumdrop buttons!   soo buying shrek today   love 
"hmm, not enough time for columbia, time for plan b yo ;p"
cant wait for tonight   laugh  epicness written all over it 
spins?z no fool!!!
who may need a roommate in a month or so?
do you feel like a man when you push her around? do you feel better now as she falls to the ground?
darn you comcast and your sneaky pricing 
"off to best buy to find a television, this should be interesting "
of course target's fire alarms go off while i'm shopping  and what does everyone do? they laugh 
"some guy on the lightrail just told me he was released from jail today\    uhhhh\\   o o \yea "
"zavien officially knows the chicken dance, as of now "
"today  is going to royally suck, luckily its my friday   smile "
"i know your scared, even though you say that your not  i won't be left dancing alone to songs from the past "
migraine weather? i agree with <propfirst> 
"\and it is confirmed that i did in fact cut my girlfriend out of her dress with my sword\"" \",f43dda9774729897878f9c6249659939,what is worse? magic the gathering or world of warcraft   survey says?
panda e playful ress reminds me of you   sad 
good deed of the day: accomplished 
"so far, i've taken a shower in pitch darkness, been hit in the face with a <propfemale> pong ball, and watched a gay man steal a straight mans socks   and we havnt even made it to the party yet "
"i'm not him, get over it  i'm not her, get over it  i'm just me, deal with it "
"quote of the night   \if i can sell you a hovercraft i can sell you sex\"""""
quad soy white mocha light whip  its one of those mornings 
"somebody should go to the movies with me to see due date  possibly tonight, probably tomorrow since i'm off "
"finally my friday   smile  \\  still have no idea what dish i'm bringing   hmm "
this whole day was fine until everything collided and fell apart in the last half hour  awesome 
shopping   love 
i feel sick   
 smile 
donner here i come   smile 
has to be thee worst black ops player   ever 
enchiladas   love 
"if it's too good to be true, walk away     "
"lol, bruises by licorice "
"hmmm, what's everyone doing tonight?"
"lunch with the <propmale>, then some quality me time and shopping for my birthday gift    but first, coffee   laugh "
"okay people, time for a new phone  i'm thinking either an evo, iphone, or mytouch  \\sell meh "
"okay peoples, new phone  text me your numbers \\please and thank you \\ laugh "
anyone looking for a roommate?
"i won't be held responsible, she fell in love in the first place "
"goinggg out tonight with the prater, and boy do i need it!\\ wink "
"\did you eat my peanuts?\""\",f43dda9774729897878f9c6249659939,frozen yogurt makes my tasted happy   laugh 
so sick of being second best 
blueberry
"here's my lil bros xbox live gamertag, he wants more friends apparently  black ops: majorleviathan"
guess who just got keys to her apartment?!  laugh 
so i'm looking at photos from back in the day and all i can say is we all looked atrocious  lol
"today was a good day, and night as well  hmmm   clubbing manana? eh, we shall see   wink "
"<propmale> and busters, or johns incredible pizza? i've been to neither\\hmmm  facebook?"
"what a day    at what point do you decide if something is worth it or just a lost cause?\\oh jeez  sad "
"heading to hard times with my boys   love  \\join us!  laugh "
