a5be21d4d64e0ef657fe16461eec9ca5
i just got a new dog!
i'm going to go take a shower  i don't know why you need to know this   smile 
facebook is being dumb and not letting me put new photos on my profile 
god being sick sucks 
"i just had an epic win  i went to join a group and the security code was \fur fan \""  smile """
if any one has skype you should hit me up 
facebook is being dumb and not letting me put  new photos on my profile 
my computer programming teacher is starting to piss me off  he is giving us these ridiculously hard assignments and he only gives us one and a half class periods to do it  i understand that i am in advanced computer programming but it doesn’t need to be this hared 
"i swear to god all my friends are nocturnal, because they only get on at night "
i'm going to go take a cat nap  so i will talk to all of you in 1-2 hours 
i have nothing to do  someone give me a suggestion 
coughing up blood is not fun 
home sick and i don't have anything to do  this sucks 
i'm all mixed up inside and i don't know what to do 
going to bed talk to all of you latter
i've had really weird hallucinations and dreams do to a lack of sleep and a fever 
if anyone has skype send me a message  my account is xxshearonxx  so hit me up if you want 
if any of you have xbox live add me my gt is i am shearon 
i'm going to get on xbox live so if you have it and want to get on with me my gt is i am shearon
i’m going to bed  i will talk to all of you later 
i don't know what to do  i'm debating on whether i should go for a run in the park or ride my bike  what do you think i should do?
"when asked what i plan to do with my life i reply \serve in the united states <propfemale> corps \"" when asked what else i say \""serve in the united states <propfemale> corps \"" when they ask what i will do when i get out of the <propfemale> corps i look them in the eye and say \""i don't plan on getting out \"""""
what’s everyone’s favorite thing to do?
i’m going to go to bed so talk to you later
i'm bored and i don't know what to do   sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=founjjm-0vc&feature=autofb
going to bed *curls up in a ball and goes to sleep*
going to he dr s  at 4 surprise 0  hopefully they can make me all better  =^ ^=
got back from the  dr s and he thinks i might have bronchitis or pneumonia  oh boy this is  going to be fun to enplane to my <propfemale> 
i have bronchitis nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
"face book, <propfemale>  workout, home, then face book again "
back from <propfemale> workout *pant pant*
"i am a little high from the medication i am taking, and currently i honestly think i have a tale "
yay i am having stake for diner *wags tail*
i'm hallucinating again yay 
i went to freezing for a reason today and i had to jump in 42 degree water 
does anyone know any good rp sites for furries?
i'm going to be in baltimore today so i won’t be on until later 
i don't know what to do  i need your help  i don't know if i should tell my parents i'm a furry or not  please help me 
"i just told my parents i’m a furry and they completely accepted it  i am so happy, and it is like the world has been lifted off my shoulders "
ventrilo is getting lonely  sad 
i'm going to curl up and go to sleep  *curls up into a ball and falls asleep*
going to bed  *curls up in a ball and falls asleep*
i’m looking for someone to be a moderator on a furry rp forum i am making  comment if you are interested  i am still making it and i would like your help 
if god gives you lemons you’re going to make some pretty shitty lemonade unless he gives you water and sugar too 
you think you know me you don’t know shit i’ve seen the world  through your eyes and it makes me sick i question all of your  answers they’re fuckin lies i won’t conform to your system i’d  rather die i burn it down    think  you’re a martyr? not hard to see you wanna rule the fuckin  world? you gotta get through me your iron fist will be broken no  soul to sell you think i’ll burn for my actions see you in hell
going to the shooting range i will be back in a bit 
couldn’t go shooting today too much rain sad 
if you are brave    copy  this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd  marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7:  moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: sexy   12: hot   13:  funny   14: i love you   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18:  smart @$$  come on   i dare ya!
"i don’t suffer from insanity, i enjoy every minute of it "
so bored   crying 
going to bed talk to all of you latter 
going to take a shower i will talk to you later 
just got back from the shooting range  i need to clean the guns and then i will get back on here 
done cleaning my guns
i met 2 furries within 2 days on xbox live and i just found out that my friend of 4 years is a furry 
does anyone know of any good furry anime?
nyan nyan nyan nyan ne hado nyan 
i think i’m losing my mind 
it feels like there are two people living within me and they are tearing me apart  i don’t know what to do  it’s driving me insane!
god make it stop!!!!
it feels like a monster inside of me has awakened and is trying to get out 
"twisting and turning unable to sleep  do the voices ever stop? my thoughts speak louder the more i resist  and they're driving me insane, do they every go?"
save me from myself 
"need to get my mind off of stuff, thinking of making a second life, anyone want to help out a noob "
for all you furries that have seconded life how do i make my avatar look like a furry?
geting on xbox live my gt in jinx i3 add me if you want 
"i made a sl account last night  if any of you want to help me pleas do, i'm a complete noob "
i need help in second life my avatars name is jinx dragoone 
all your cookies is belonging to me =^ ^=
shower then i will be on 
anyone want to meet up on sl?
i’m just curios are there any other furries out there besides me that are in the military?
going to watch 2012 be back in a few hours 
it feels like my head is going to split open 
it’s my girlfriend and mine 3 month anniversary tomorrow and i don’t know what to get her  i’m so dead 
f u r  – furry uprising 
going to go stand in the rain  i will be back latter 
"we have a terd in the punch bowl, i repeat we have a terd in the punch bowl "
jokes
i run up stares on all fours 
states update still loading…
have you ever had the feeling your days were numbered?
furries do it like animals  =^ ^=
i like being alone but i hate being lonely 
just got back from seeing kick-ass  it fucking rocked 
fuck you mr  bitty 
s w a t  ftw
you and me baby ain't nothing but mammals  so let's do it like they do on the discover channel
internet rule #46
i just found my old fangs   smile 
if you have <propmale> ocello as a friend you are in danger of getting your account band  she has gotten 5 of my friends’ band and she is trying to get more band 
i feel all mixed up inside 
"my mama can't you see! what this corps has done for me! put me in a barber chair; snip snap and i had no hair! and if i die in a combat zone; box me up and ship me home! put me in a set of dress blues, comb my hair and shine my shoes! pin my medals upon my chest! tell my mama i did my best! my mama don't you cry; <propfemale> corps motto is do or die!"
i am not interested in listening to the fanatical ravings of a mad man 
i’m in so much pain 
i hate school
i told my gf i’m a furry 
"the secret side of me, i never let you see\i keep it caged but i can't control it\so stay away from me, the beast is ugly\i feel the rage and i just can't hold it\it's scratching on the walls, in the closet, in the halls\it comes awake and i can't control it\hiding under the bed, in my body, in my head\why won't somebody come and save me from this, make it end?"
i broke up with my girl friend today 
"everyone has their own demons, i say why not embrace them "
sitting at home watching old war movies bored out of my mind 
i just graduated from high school
at a friends party been here sins 3 surprise 0 don't know when im leaving but its fun  were just chilling around a fire talking 
"i was at a party my moms boss was having and he gave everyone over the age of 18 a cigar, and the funny thing is he was my middle school principle so i was smoking a cigar at my middle school principles house  that's a win in my book "
this sucks the power went out for my entire neighborhood and its 100 degrees out 
is trying not to cry 
hay if you have second life let me know what your name is in a comment so i can friend you 
hay if you have second life let me know what your name is in a comment so i can friend you 
i don’t know why but i am extremely lonely   sad 
i am leaving this monday to go to <propfemale> corps boot camp  i will be gone for three months or longer  i wish you all the beast of luck with your futures and i hope to see you again some day 
well this is it my final post for a long time i wish you all the beast of luck with your futures  don’t bother responding to this because i will not see it for 3 months 
im back and im a <propfemale>
i love my job
i forgot to tell you all i will be going away again for a month or longer on the 30th to go to mct
what makes the grass grow?     blood blood blood!
"sweat dries, blood clots, bones heal, but pride is forever "
going to see due date  it looks pretty funny
does anyone know how the hell would i go around finding other furries in the marines?
come join me! - i started a live video chat at http annoyed  tinychat com wolvenhourandlegos
well tomorrow i'm off to camp lejeune nc for mct so i will be gone for a month but i got recruiters assistance so i will be back for 14 days 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bnzzjelbfri
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=eiyixc9nsli&feature=channel
"i wish you all a good xmiss, i wish i could spend mine home with my family and friends but i'm stuck at camp geiger nc for my xmiss, i guess thats one of the sacrifices i made when i enlisted in the <propfemale> corps  sad "
http annoyed  m youtube com index?desktop_uri=%2f&gl=us# watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=0mux5v5p-em
http annoyed  m youtube com index?desktop_uri=%2f&gl=us# watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=cipb-zkegp0
http annoyed  m youtube com index?desktop_uri=%2f&gl=us# watch?xl=xl_blazer&v annoyed qqmxxvoefy
im back home for a bit then i go to pensacola
is depressed and a little scared
"i'm going to try and wright a transformation story to put up on fa because that's one of the only things i can do around here right now and i was wondering if anyone could give me any tips  this is the first time i have done this and i'm having a hard time at the moment  i was going to have me be the main character and it was going to take place where i am now (navel air station, pensacola fl)"
rawr!!!! i have no clue how to finish my story i'm so close! it's driving me insane
i'm a furry trapped in a human world and i'm all alone it's driving me insane
my story is up on my fa <propfemale> if you want to read it  http annoyed  www furaffinity net user jinxcole 
"someone fucking kill me end my boredom slit my through, blow my head off with a shot gun and toss the rest of my body in a land fill  im so fucking bored, someone give me somthing to do!!!!!"
"put this as your status and see what people rate you annoyed 1  crazy 2  i'd kiss you    3  hyper!    4  jerk    5  i miss you    6  best friend    7 pretty     8  smart     9  dumb    10  i would date you    11  random    12  hot     13  funny    14  huggable    15  amazing    16  tough       17  cute"
i wonder if when you die does heaven have a kill cam
i love vulpine studios
funny joke
this is me to a t
i'm trying to get a good rp going so join in and have some fun 
let's try this again i'm trying to get a good rp going so join in and have some fun
"a cry for others like me\read comment"
is single again <\\3
*lays on his back and looks at the stars* so what's everyone up to?
anyone want to rp with me?
"a cry for others like me\read comment"
i can't allow you to do that starfox
is feeling quite alone
is going to kill someone
in 7 days the object behind you is going to come to life and try to kill you  what are your chances of survival?
"buy a handgun, like a boss, put it in my mouth, like a boss, aww man i can't do it, pussy out, like a boss"
-lowers his chest and head to the ground and razes his back side in the air tail swishing back and forth getting read to pounce the first person he sees-
i'm going through a shift -curls up into a ball and closes his eyes tight hoping it will pass- they've been getting worse and worse each day  fuck!!!!!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaa fuck make it stop!!!!!!  -curls up tight-
fuck it's still fucking happening!!!! someone make it stop!!! -curls up and whimpers-
"someone kill me, end my torment, put me under, just make it stop!!!!!!!"
i'm just going to give up and let jinx kill off my other half  i can't take it any more 
-curls up and cries- fuck!!!!!!
is thinking about getting a master?
hi i'm jinx
wants a master  if you want to be my master tell me why i should pick you and tell me about you so i know you a little better ^^
is still looking for a good master if you want to be my master send me a massage telling me a little about you and the type of master you are 
no one wants to be my master : (
still looking for a mistress or a master message me
i hate valentines day -_-
i can't draw for shit does anyone have any tutorials on how to draw?
"fuck you, your life and everyone in it "
"their tears are filling up their glasses\no e playful ression, no e playful ression\hide my head i wanna drown my sorrow\no tomorrow, no tomorrow\\and i find it kind of funny, i find it kind of sad\the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had\i find it hard to tell you, i find it hard to take\when people run in circles its a very, very\mad world, mad world"
"its been a long and lonely trip but i'm glad i took it, cause it was well worth it, got to read a couple of books and do some research before i reached my verdict, never thought that i was perfect, always thought that i had a purpose, i used to wonder if i'd live to see my first kiss "
"the most difficult thing that i did was to recite my own words at a service, realizing that the person i was addressing probably wasn't looking down from heaven, or cooking up something in hells kitchen, or trying to listen in or eves drop from some other dimension, which is self serving just like this is "
the best of times
^^
needs to work out more
dont fuck with me!!!!
i just ran a 22:21 minuet 3 mile did 140 sit ups in 2 minuets and 10 pull-ups  i'm getting back into shape but i still have a long way to go 
you can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meet!
just got done a 5 mile fun run
<propmale> <propmale> doesn't lose the game but you just did
anyone want to rp a little?
you should have killed me when you had the <propmale>
is lonely
i'm so lonely tonight 
my mood just downgraded from lonely to depressed  i have nothing to look forward to and i'm the only furry on this base
what's it like to love?
what's it like to be loved?
yiff = ya i fuck foxes lol
i've been having a lot of dreams lately in which i'm dying and i don't know what they mean 
i'm looking for a mate so all you female furries out there if you would even consider it send me a message if you want to get to know me better  i'm terribly shy so this is very hared for me to post  look at my bio and pictures if you want a little information about me before you send me a message  your very shy furry jinx 
i'm looking for a mate so all you female furries out there if you would even consider it send me a message if you want to get to know me better  i'm terribly shy so this is very hared for me to post  look at my bio and pictures if you want a little information about me before you send me a message  your very shy furry jinx 
i'm looking for a mate so all you female furries out there if you would even consider it send me a message if you want to get to know me better  i'm terribly shy so this is very hared for me to post  look at my bio and pictures if you want a little information about me before you send me a message  your very shy furry jinx 
feels like i was stabbed in my heart
-walks a few steps and then collapses- that's the 4th physical fitness test i had to run in the past 4 days  and now i have to go do something for my mos class
ha haha haha haha fuck you!
i like to play with fire
why is it when i'm sad it rains when i'm mad it lightnings and when i'm happy it's <propfemale>?
-lays on his stomach and swishes his tail back and forth- i'm so bored
my tattoo hearts @_@
"they say don't wear your heart on your sleeve, but what about your spirits on your chest?"
"we are young, we have heart\born in this world as it all falls apart\we are strong, we don't belong\born in this world as it all falls apart"
i miss my friends
my cell # is on my wall if you want to text me just let me know who you are
"so we march to the drums of the dammed as we come\watch it burn in the sun, we are numb"
i'm going to be going to sleep now so i can practice my lucid dreaming  i will let you know how it went when i wake up  i hope i can figure some stuff out when achieve lucidity 
"i didn't have a lucid dream but i do remember having some pretty strange ones, i guess that's a start"
