83196d8b911ff10cc24e0a1d2c66a999
has surrendered  he's watching it  glee 
has no phone and no reliable internet  hm  not such a great idea 
"is already tired of college, and he's only just finished planning his schedule "
"managed to defeat the evils of verizon wireless and got himself a brand new, and hopefully fully functional, phone!"
"is missing mushishi disk 4! whoever has it better speak up now! or i will be very, very disappointed in all of you  > sad "
wants blazblue  immediately 
"hates it when his hopes get up  \we'll be in touch \"" curse you ambiguous time-frames!!!"""
just spent way too much on textbooks 
hopes his retina is still in one piece 
is astounded by just how poorly things can work out 
"has gone through the rigors of assembling yet another college schedule, and is marginally excited for this one "
is pretty sure that district 9 blew his mind and that he's hoping day and night for a district 10 
is excited for his first day of work 
had a really good day 
misses deadwood  a lot  why isn't there another show that brilliant out there? there has to be   
hates having to wait  but he will  again 
"just watched an episode of project runway for the first time in years, and is very excited about it  i love you, lifetime "
"is not particularly excited to have to ride the <propfirst> train, but he will try to make due "
first day of school blaaaaaarg 
gets a four day weekend? yes please 
wants to watch tekkonkinkreet again 
just got his grubby little mits on the pan's labyrinth ost  and is consequently whimsical 
"took a show-show cause he had stink-stink, and is happy again "
likes playing the name my reflective essay game 
is reading the last volume of fullmetal alchemist and is kinda freaking out 
is woe 
misses his davinci teachers  a lot 
wonders how much more public transit can disappoint 
is at a loss  which planet earth episode to watch?
new-ish nikka album? sign me up 
still has no idea what to make of things  oh well 
really really really wants to go see <propfirst> sedaris   
does not like brown sunrises  silly smog!
found the coolest sweaters on etsy  sigh 
"totally made a pigeon friend at the bus stop today  he ate the pretzels from my chex mix  for that, i am in his debt "
is kind of in love with doctor manhattan  it happens 
whinnie's home!  love 
"discovered, after hefty mathematical calculations, that he spends an average of 2 3 of his daily commute sitting at a bus stop train station staring  disappointment ensued   "
"is actually, officially, going to see <propfirst> sedaris! yes! come, <propfemale>! be excited with me!"
received a <propfemale> hand  it made my evening 
has no idea what to make of axis powers hetalia  seriously  it's funny    but five minutes? whatever 
"was woken up, not by clocky  not by his cell phone's alarm  but by the thunder  thank god for timely thunder "
went to see thriller with the siblings  it was amazing save for the hooting queer and his hag seated behind me 
saw a little girl with a pug on trax today  he thought it was adorable and stuffed until it peed in her lap 
"saw saturday mailman at thriller! he is still deeply, deeply in love with saturday mailman  sigh   "
is being angry at project runway again! curses!
is seeing <propfirst> sedaris  tonight  for real  woah 
is afraid that his work might want him to dress up for halloween! he has no costume!
could watch this snow for hours  he thinks he will 
was dismayed to find his bus smelling like fish  grody 
"for the first time in months, has nothing he has to catch up on before class  weird "
to all aviary peoples: <propmale> was in my dream last night  he was my landlord  i still had no idea what he was saying 
is having phoenix wright flashbacks again!
"was disappointed by how quickly things got him down, but was then reminded how quickly some people can cheer him up without even trying "
"is having a coughdrop for desert  yay, honey-lemon!"
"is pretty sure that it isn't december until there's snow on the ground  try harder, mother nature!"
"is tired of this disobedient elevation  abide, damn you!"
is stressed about his work's upcoming dinner function  dressy attire = stressy connor 
is stressed enough to validate a status update in capslock! stressy stress stress  sorry 
shrugged 
shouldn't have gotten out of bed  period 
"finished his test  now he gets to go home  but he's stalling, because he doesn't want to go back outside into the cold "
"is sure that spiderman 3 is, in fact, worse than halle <propfirst>'s catwoman  it saddens him so "
"\so is there dessert or did i eat it all?\"" it was a sincere question  i promise """
is having <propfemale> withdrawals  again 
"is convinced that an unawares bug is the best kind of bug  aaaah, the wisdom of <propmale> nook "
just realized the article he is supposed to read for spanish tomorrow is actually a 30 <propfemale> essay on white man's privilege  dayum 
can hardly remember being so captivated by a book  it has been far too long 
never thought he would know the joy of two seasons of project runway in one year 
had a terrifying dream of <propfemale> macaws 
is the angry owl 
"go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  copy and paste this as your status and then in the first entry under your comments, put the meaning for your name "
"wonders how much longer his cornea will be exfoliated after getting bodywash in his eye  curse you, fickle little beads! you've betrayed me for the last time!"
is never sure what to do in an empty house  the usual nothing or a super special nothing?
as spent far too much time chasing cthulhu through deviantart  he blames <propfemale> 
"wants broken bells to come out like, right now  please?"
is actually missing cable  because he's going to miss the premier of life  not even oprah can lessen my anticipation!
had freaky nyquil dreams  featuring a member of the village people!
was deluded by rage 
found the most charming of soiled band-aids attached to his shoe at the bus stop  only the thought of returning home to <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> <propfirst> kept him fully conscious during the removal process 
is watching <propmale> and freaking the hell out  <propfirst> lithgow    best tv villain ever?
"was assaulted by a wasp at his doorstep, then found some boxelder bugs mating in his kitchen  it would seem summer is here already "
"is on another hp hovercraft binge  supernatural horror, awaaaaaaaaay!"
"gave in  he's a b&n member again  curse you, free shipping! curse you!"
loves haircuts so much  he needs more of them in his life 
learned of kfc's new double down sandwich and promptly wept and vomited  it seems more at home in a simpsons punchline than in the real world 
is totally watching videos of kittens on youtube  got a problem with that?
wonders why nobody told him there was a new <propfemale> merchant cd out! excitement!
is positively awful at crossword puzzles  for shame!
actually misses the pelican suit  and saturday mailman  mostly saturday mailman 
"answered the door e playful ecting a friend, found a missionary  disappointment!"
wants his aviary pigeon friends back 
wants to watch fried green tomatoes  wow 
"is lamenting the arrival of summer as he changes into shorts  please come soon, fall "
"doesn't want to have to wait until august to get his grubby little nerd-paws on the last three volumes of mushishi  i love you no longer, <propmale> <propmale>!"
how will i know?
"wishes <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> would do more, because every time i see him i like him more "
is on another astrology binge  wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
"holds goldfrapp to a high music video standard, and she continues to please! hilarious!"
"needs a new wallet, but doesn't want to give up his dinosaurs "
"is not malcontent, he's just perfectly happy hating everything! thank you, <propfemale>!"
"saw a great beard today and is, again, fighting the urge to try his own! god knows he has the hair   "
needs more yotsuba in his life as of now 
"is sitting in bed drinking an enormous cup of tea, eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and reading a book about pigeons  my life in a nutshell "
wants to see toy story 3 again  and maybe a few more times after that  so good 
thinks hyperbole is his bestest friend 
wonders whose injury will prevent them from dancing this week on sytycd  *shakes fist*
curses etsy for its ability to keep me riveted for hours looking at steampunk knick-knacks!
has watched people get fired left and right for years and wonders how the hell he survived 
can't believe they screwed up the ending of pillars of the earth as badly as they did  cryface 
"finds it strange that his bird is terrified of paper towels, but couldn't care less about the vacuum  seems a bit backwards "
"is so excited for castlevania  it's been far too long  come quickly, october 5th!"
amnesia is probably not the best game to be playing while home alone at midnight      or is it the best?
took a slight detour home from work and met four (four) new kitty-friends! hooray!
needs more memebon in his life 
"feels like he's gonna get some bad <propfemale> for accidentally dumping a pot of boiling water on that spider who was chilling in the sink  wrong place, wrong time  sorry <propmale>!"
"love <propmale> cooper more each day  you go, girl "
believes that it should always be x-files time 
"found another reason to like the x-files  family disappears during hurricane, presumably consumed by mysterious tentacle-y beast  cat survives "
"is glad that netflix finally added mushishi, but he is more glad that it's even in hd! shame those dvds are just for show now   sad "
"this is love my sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! post if you have an amazing sister! miss you tons and tons, whinney!"
"misses the <propfemale> from tower theatre  why must you be so cute, oh tower theatre cat?"
"thinks that nobody will ever take saturday mailman's place, but australian fedex guy is trying pretty hard "
finds himself listening to entirely too much of the machinarium soundtrack recently  curse you adorable robots and your adorable music!
wants cee lo green and <propfemale> monae to take over the world together 
needs to get a hufflepuff costume for the next (and last) <propmale> potter premier 
"is hoping for snow  he doesn't want this sad, soggy rain  winter is for snow, silly salty city!"
political talk at thanksgiving? play angry birds  > >
has the internet again? weird 
"should, in all honesty, be a slowpoke  but oh, well "
is still not a slowpoke  so ha!
thinks that if left to his own devices he could watch read listen to <propfirst> dawkins all day 
wants to be a gloombasaur but sucks at shooping  damn 
was not prepared!
has a heart attack every time his browser slows thinking he's going to be internet-less for a week again  that was a bad week 
"wants everyone to know that his life is now forfeit because good eats is on hulu  oh, <propmale> "
"gets so invested in these new google chrome ads  you go, googs "
"wishes bbc earth would just make a \complete collection\"" so that he wouldn't have to spend an exorbitant amount on all their dvds  sigh  brits """
is officially having reality tv withdrawal  he spent his evening watching old sytycd episodes  this is a problem 
"is glad that mr  <propfemale>'s moult is over so that he can return to his dignified self  he is quite vocal now, however  maybe now that he's fully mature he thinks it's breeding season  uh-oh  hide the stuffed pigeon "
"loves that ever since he started donating to audubon he has been getting tons of weird mail  today, he got a \certificate of appreciation\"" from ducks unlimited  with a most charming print of hunting dogs having their way with some mallard """
wants to see black swan again  already  seriously 
is sad that st  <propmale> is coming and he won't get to see her  sigh  *shakes fist at sundance*
verizon iphone tomorrow? consider my fingers crossed  go go big red!
"just watched the \previously on   \"" of a single episode of carnivale and is already freaking out  stupid hbo  love you so much """
heard the brakes of a snowplow outside his window and thought it was his teapot  an immense disappointment 
it's official  mr  <propfemale> ain't no mister  and she needs a mate  any takers?
finally bought minecraft  finally 
"i'm glad that chicken spawned inside my minecraft house  it's nice to have a companion during those long, zombie-filled nights  let's hope a creeper doesn't blow him up "
i am not at all surprised that the first issue i have ever had with netflix is actually microsoft silverlight's fault  good job 
"dear x-files, i'm sorry i've been gone so long  i'm back now, don't you worry  i still love you "
is a clorbag varblernelk 
"it's surprisingly awkward sending friend requests from your pet's profile \just in case you were wondering "
