8c2f13c0ea37bc5dca1b5fbac486dd8a
is all that jazz  chicago at the fox!!
zzzzzzzz
needs a new hat  his old one is lying in the middle of a six flag's roller coaster 
"is tweaked on monster energy, diet dr  pepper, red wine, and 4000 calories between chipotle, mcdonalds, and pop tarts  ksjhnvjskabhjakfnbjksrghsiofujkjbvklsbn"
a female is a diva version of a hustler 
"enjoyed his short stay in ol' salem, il  biscuits & gravy for breakfast = so appropriate "
is spending next week in san <propfirst>! yay!!!!!!!!!!!
stands corrected: he will be spending next week in nyc!!!!
will be in nyc thru friday  xoxox
is home  what a great week  wink 
is going out tonight to say goodbye to summer  let the madness (and hangovers) ensue!!
had his first class of the semester canceled!
has a long day ahead  can anyone say espresso?
is thirsty  wink  true blood!!!!!!!
is startled to have just now found out about the death on campus this morning  how very sad  sad 
"for some reason, misses his beloved dogs much more than normal right now "
"    remember, if the balloon pops, the noise makes the angels cry "
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!
"had mrs  field's for lunch today  oy, this is going to be one hell of a week "
"is watching \poltergeist\"" on tv  go into the light! oh for god's sake just go into the f*****g light!"""
has ordered his cap & gown and rvsp'd to fall commencement  can it really be time to graduate?
is ouuuuuuuut tonight  wink 
"can't wait to get home  it's time for some peace, quiet, and serious dachshund time  smile "
"is attempting policy brief, round ii "
is writing a strategic plan for panera bread company  yeah   
is three final exams away from his degree  here we go   
is done with finals and his degree!!!!!!
had the most wonderful day  thank you to everyone for all the congratulations and thoughtfulness  i feel so very thankful to have so many wonderful people in my life  smile 
just bought a new computer!
"like the flame that burns the candle, the candle feeds the flaaaaaame  free drink on me if you can tell me (without google-ing!) what song this comes from  wo surprise oo!"
"play along, if you saw me in a police car what would you think i got arrested for? answer me, then add as your status and see how many crimes you get accused of     "
suggestions on places to check out in san <propfirst>?
"is home, and amazed how quickly ten days flew by "
couldn't be happier for a night of laundry and tv  p-e-a-c-e-&-q-u-i-e-t 
"remembers this was this one song, about a welcome table, and people liked to sit    at    it   "
is showtuning 
is excited for the year's first storm  bring on the thunder!
is kissing winter goodbye! go to erney's 
had a lot of friends in africa  jambo!
"save it <propfemale> hearst, i'm not buying any stockholm syndrome today "
"just got gaga tickets!!! rah-rah-ah-ah-ah-ah!!! off to showtunes, followed by a lovely, sobering ride to omaha in the morning  smile "
is in puppy paradise  smile 
is home  smile 
glee!!
"you can call all you want but there's no one home so you're not gonna reach my telephone - i'm out in the club and i'm sippin' that bub' - so again, you're not gonna reach my telephone "
is gay and she's black  we create culture 
won't fall asleep tonight  nightmare on elm street!
stuck in the grand rapids airport  glad i brought the last two issues of gq!
home  smile  time to show miss alli hausman all the best st  <propfirst> has to offer 
"don't be rude, sir  ma'am "
is only allowed upstairs 
it's a mirror <propfemale>!!
rah-rah-ah-ah-ahh!
just got a little teary eyed hearing the cheers theme song  what is wrong with me?!
wants to do bad things with you  true blood marathon!!
putting together my new computer desk! i can't remember the last time i used a tool box   
"and <propmale> moll are heading out for a night of tank tops, flip flops, and a total disregard of common decency "
thinks wearing a rosary as an accessory is a sartorial abortion 
wants to do bad things with you     true blood!!!!
and <propfemale> baker highly recommend brasserie by niche  culinary excellence 
"sephora quote of the day: \it makes my butt tingle \"" priceless """
"do i need to add \william\"" to my name on here or what?"""
"sephora quote of the day: \i'm so tired of this ghettoria  it doesn't go away either \"" you're going two for three ms  <propfemale>  wink """
is refraining from making any cliche remarks about tonight    it's just time for gaga!!!!!!!!
tastes just like glitter mixed with rock & roll 
"is wishing his beloved grandma b  a wonderful 99th birthday  an amazing life, an astonishing woman  smile "
"au revoir, st  <propfirst>  thanks for the memories  smile "
"time for last hurrah! head to manchester tonight, ladies and gentlemen  smile "
"fyi, it's quite difficult to say \jazzy\"" with a retainer in your mouth  just ask <propfemale> olson """
gaga and the scissor sisters are coming to omaha! together! yahoooo! now off to davenport for the week 
is overwhelmed by all of the thoughful birthday wishes! thank you everyone!
just bought gaga tickets! again! yahoo!
is chicago bound  smile 
fill in the blank: my favorite memory with <propfirst> is      
fort lauderdale  smile 
anyone know of a decent chicago apartment for rent? i'm here house-hunting   
"is looking forward to a day filled with comfort food, wine, naps, dachshunds, and alli hausman  happy thanksgiving!"
found an apartment!!!!!!!
is amused (to put it nicely) by how nervous and agitated the elderly southwest passengers get when a flight is delayed 15 minutes 
150 <propmale> to go!
louisvillllllllle
i finally have cable and internet!
"<propfemale>, wi    what a lovely, friendly place to be "
milwaukee   
"milwaukee, once more!"
i guess it's nyc for one more day  smile 
imagining my poor little car buried under two feet of snow at o'hare  sad 
"\omg! that was hysterical! that's going right on facebook!\""    did i really just say that?!"""
"i never thought 50 degrees could feel like summer! chicago, sunshine looks good on you  smile "
weekend    enough said  smile 
"well, at least now i know that if there is a tornado somewhere in the chicago burbs, i will be the first to know about it as i live right next to one of the sirens  good morning to you too, naperville "
lesson learned: indianapolis is drivable 
