363a29d90c458d687a89810a2cddf313
loves lunchtime with beana
"started friday singing bowie's \golden years\"" it doesn't get any better than that!"""
"thinks that 73 years is long enough to wait for an english wimbledon champion, could this be the year?"
"says thankyou to all of those who helped with the saga of the lost phone  thank you, thank you, thank you, i love you all!"
"is so excited that <propmale> is through to the third round, wahoooooooo!!!"
"is exhausted after watching <propmale> <propmale> get into the quarterfinals, phew!"
"is excited about the semi finals tomorrow, come on <propmale>!!"
"says, \r i p  little green truck \"""""
is lisping and slurping 
is enjoying her nice shiny new red mustang      for a day!
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you     "
"ok, so this is not my boxer, but this made me laugh so much  this is fitch my cousin's dog who proves that although you may have a small nose it can still get you into trouble; case in point, pond scum!!"
is
is excited about <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonight 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaggggghhhh cars!
"is celebrating 9 years of marriage and 14 years of togetherness with my bestest friend, love you darling!"
is undone 
is watching the leaves slowly turn    fall is arriving 
is missing blofield and all who are in it 
"is invigorated, energized and full to overflowing with the love of christ and his covenant community "
is loving all of this british rainy weather here in st  <propfirst> 
"cannot wait for turkey, trimmings and lots of thanksgiving!!"
is feeling sentimental and nostalgic 
is singing christmas songs and will not stop until january!
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook    kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status"
is c-c-c-cold!
"its wayback week!!!!!! retro retro retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how cute (lol) we all were!!! wayback week!!!!!"
"has forgotten what the sun looks like, no more fog!"
is waiting for the weekend!
can someone please talk to punxsutawney <propmale> and ask him to reconsider his prediction!!
"eeek, everything is topsy turvy!"
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other  and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile together: 14 years; married: 9 years, love you babe!"
"happy pancake day  pancakes were made on shrove tuesday so that the last of the fatty, <propmale> foods could be used up before lent  in england in 1444 a housewife was still busy frying pancakes to eat before the lenten fast when she heard the bells of  st <propfirst>'s  calling her to the shriving service  she ran out of her house still holding the frying pan complete with pancake, still wearing her apron  pancake race anyone?"
wonders why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
ahoy!
on the kitchen counter 
"rocking in a rustling green tree, with a west wind blowing and  bright white clouds flitting rapidly above: and not only larks, and blackbirds, and linnets, and cuckoos pouring out music on every side, and the moors seen at a distance, broken into cool dusky dells; but close by great swells of long grass undulating in waves to the breeze; and the woods and sounding water; and the whole world awake and wild with joy "
"is under a benign sky; watched the moths fluttering among the <propmale>, and hare-bells; listened to the soft wind breathing through the grass; and wondered how anyone could ever imagine unquiet slumbers "
football is coming home!!
"let the vuvuzelas roar \come on england\""!!!"""
<propmale> <propmale> it is time to make <propfirst> <propfirst> proud 
come on <propmale>!!!
thank you for all your wonderful birthday wishes  i will think of you when i am having my afternoon cocktail by the beach 
is missing the sound of the ocean and family to enjoy it with 
"never thought that playing a game that involves a shiny mythical creature would be so addictive      thanks <propfemale>, the mere mention of robot unicorn attacks was enough "
is packing packing packing 
"10 years ago, august 28th i married my best friend  i love you jonny   always will "
believes great things of a great god 
home again home again jiggity jig 
i love frosty mornings 
  are there any brits out there who would like to burn an effigy of the man who tried to blow up parliament tonight?
hp7 so excited!
rip <propfirst> barley wahley farley  she was a good old girl of 11 1 2 a fantastic age for a boxer   she will be sorely missed and fondly remembered  goodbye fuzzy 
bring on the frost and snow 
i am ready for the freeze your nose off weather to be a little warmer   yikes!
3 inches pah!  more like snow day!!
thankfulness is something to be practiced until it becomes habit & will transform you along the way 
mumford and sons rocked the grammies 
