bc1561d575c75c3b0959080f8c89479e
stuck at kellies 
stuck at <propfemale>'s cuz the roads are too bad 
i really already dislike tomorrow   
"sleepppepyyyy    i know my place, but i dont know me "
still cant trust guys    but im glad at least one is trying to help and make things better 
sickkkkkkkk  i hate being sick 
is in love     with rain     and thunder storms    
screw being on a boat! im living a movie! oh  yeah  thats what i thought   smile 
is hanging with her favorite! lol i love ya <propfemale>!  smile 
i like sharky 
"cheater, cheater where'd you meet that low down, up town, slept with every guy around, pressed on eyelash, no good, white trash ho?"
gah!!!! so so so so happy for them!!!!!!!!!!! silverwood was the best! and epic! and i dont even know       
ahhhh!!!! this is the best thing ever! omg! they are sooooooooooo adorable! *really girly scream and my awkward giggle afterwards*  smile 
"\almost a week?\""   ' 'yeahhhhhhh    ' '    \""world record?\""    ' 'most likely ' '    \""moving on?\""    ' 'you know it ' '"""
i dont know if im strong enough to handle this      i guess were gonna find out 
is learning how her fake smile works     so far so good?
thank god im not related to him!
okay if i wasnt confused    i am now  and of course the one night i need to talk to them theyre asleep 
"is gonna have a pretty amazing, vacation packed, drama free, boy crazy, fun loving, wild and mind boggling summer turns out!!! haha cant wait! yay!"
get your own alien egg!!!!
is freaking in love with her new camera!!!! yay! its blue and adorable and perfect and gah!! i love it     i think im gonna name it even!
just got home from 3 days with my grandparents! tomorrow i leave for yellowstone for 5 days! then when i get back my aunt uncle and cousin will be here! then itll be my birthday!!!! im a busy busy <propfemale>      p s  9 days till my birthday!!!!!! yaya!
im home! yay!!!! now who wants to unpack and clean my room for me?!
is cooking! iron chefs got nothin on me!
"is having a family bbq birthday party tonight!!!! yay!!!!!!!!! i cant wait! ohhhhh but its a \suprise\"" so you didnt hear it from me     lol"""
my birthdays tomorrow!!!! yay!!! dmv here i come!!!!  smile 
birthday birthday birthday! what will i be doing   ? idk
just got home from ericas!!! editing a video for neonkneesocks! woo!
=[ my baby kitten is missing     =[ i want him back  i misses him  i hope hes safe 
happiest freaking day of my life!!!!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
woo! you can always count on grandma to turn things around!!! love yas!
just got back from a day at the lake!!! nothing better then hanging on the beach with my 2 favorite guys! love ya <propfirst> and <propfirst>!
kellies back! woo!
"i want you to know, your never alone you'll always have a place to go that's on the brighter side  i'll color your night i'll lead you to light put hope inside for you to find you don't have to be lost lost in your own    life"
jingle bells  r i p  baby boy  11-1-1995 to 7-26-2009  thanks for putting up with me for 14 years   i love you and miss you!
sniffing nail polish is not the best idea ive ever had   
looks like ill be with my little monsters the next 2 days  yay?
so so so so so so so tired 
back from a day of shopping! i am beat!
classes? let me know if we have any together!!!! 1- world history- hughes 2-geometry- gumke 3-english- brown 4-spanish ii- weiler 5-photography- kistler 6-biology- stranahan
just got her first set of nails put on    they feel sooo weird! but theyre cute too  lol
permit tomorrow!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!! then dinner with my big bro     yay! happy happy happy!
drove her bro home and then drove herself and mom home!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!
wow  that is such a stab in his back    he loves her so much and    gah! i feel horrible about it and im not even involved!
battle of the <propfemale>! hopefully we can break that streak of ours!!!  happy 17th birthday sissy!!!!
we totally just won!!!!!!!!!! yaya! its gonna be a great year! go mshs!!!!!
"finally has her own nails back  kinda weird  but very good  also saw a sign that said \the <propfemale> is home!\"" and it finally is!!! yaya!"""
1 year olds party and moving back down stairs    i am so cool 
so so so tir<propmale>  had the weirdest dream    and now i have a big day today  lots to do  school tomorrow  and drivers <propmale>     its all so very bittersweet 
school    drivers <propmale>  and no time for anything fun    yep sounds like another year is starting 
i feel like a zzzzzooooommmmmbbbbbiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee  goodnessessesss 
ugghhhhh second day of school and i already have a paper due 
i think im gonna have to hurt someone  this is just stupid!
yknow whats on my mind???? boys make me mad   
what a bittersweet day    but one of the best in a while  
one of the best days in a while     although he did make me realize just how much i miss him   and thats alot   annoyed  its all so bittersweet
i am never ever driving again!!!!! n e v e r 
just another day in paradise     only one little thing could make me happier  but life is so so so sweet right now   smile 
"\kirby how have you not died yet?\"" \""im like a cat  i just keep coming back! and i still got like 8 lives left so get used to having me around!\"""""
furrrrrrbbbyyyyyy!!!! hahaha
nobody puts baby in a corner 
i learned all my dance moves from dirty dancing 
"\jerrod!\"" \""jordan!\"" \""kelbe!\"" \""hayden!\"" yeah lets all start yelling random names to see who joins in cuz were cool """
hahah im so amazing     i love my life!
i got my first mhs number     sorry mshs i tried not to! *lol*
so freaking tired    im gonna be a zombie tomorrow
shake up my life 
ugghhhh kink in my neck! it kills!!! wheres <propfirst> when i need him?!
ugh long day  now hw     yay 
bestestest day everrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!  love 
ive lost my reflex to resist and i could get used to this =p
won't sell an apple to a kiwi    -<propfemale>
"so heres a story from a to z, you wanna get with me you gotta listen carefully, we got em in the place who likes it in your face, we got g like mc who likes it on an easy v doesnt come for free, shes a real lady and as for me youll see, slam your body down and wind it all around, slam your body down and wind it all around "
hahaha i love suprises!!!!! and this will be the best one ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i believe tomorrow will be a very good day!  smile 
"for this \good day\"" it sure sucked  stupid  gonna go do hw  awesome   """
someone texted me at 11 smile 0 tonight  i feel stupid cuz i thought it was you   
ugh todays gonna be a very busy day     oh wells itll be fun!
i've already burned myself 4 times today and i haven't even started to straighten my hair  this should be interesting 
my apple is pink on the inside!!!!!!!! best freaking day ever!!!!!
hahaha great day  i got thrown in the air like 3 times  i felt like a cheerleader but saver and not as slutty  lol and i learned part of the jerk dance idk how to say that so it doesnt sound wrong    ahaha
things are changing along with the season  lets hope these life changes stay past fall     hahah that was very idk serious for the mood im in lol
if yes is to no and no it to yes then no we dont belong together like we are 
so im kinda just a little bit of in dier need of his arms around me more than anyone elses    
does it look like i care? cuz i dont 
im not ur baby girl anymore  u cant e playful ect me 2 put up with ur mood swings and then bend 2 ur every will  sorry babe thats not how it works 
"whatcha think about that, now you know how i feel   "
"your clothes never wear as well the next day, and youre hair never falls in quite the same way, and you never seem to run out of things to say     think about it "
ooooooooooooooopp
im kelbe holding-scissor-hands!
"im feeling you baby, dont be afraid to jump then fall, jump then fall into me  baby, im never gonna leave you, say that you wanna be with me too cause im gonna stay through it all so jump then fall "
"was i out of line? did i say something way to honest? made you run and hide like a scared little boy  i looked into your eyes, thought i knew you for a minute now im not so sure   "
"in the heat of the fight i walked away, ignoring words that u were saying, trying make me stay  me & my stupid pride are sitting here alone, going through photographs, staring at the phone  i keep going back over things we both said & i remember the slamming door, & all the things that i misread  i said \leave\"" but all i really want is u to stand outside my window screaming \""im in love with u \"""""
"me & my stupid pride are sitting here alone, going through photographs, staring at the phone  i keep going back over things we both said & i remember the slamming door, & all the things that i misread  i said \leave\"" but all i really want is u to stand outside my window screaming \""im in love with u \"""""
dead bread with <propfemale>     blah blah words! joop!!!
intenceeee night with <propfemale> and kells last nighttt    hahaha love them so much
"having your blood drawn suuuccckkkkssssssss  blood should stay in the body, where its ment to be!!!"
grawr!! so my doctor says i need to eat more and heathier  if my doctor really knew me she'd know that thats like telling a fish to walk on land lol
"i hope he saw us today  i hope he saw that i was telling him the truth  i hope he saw that i dont need him to be happy  and i hope, if he did see all of that, that it killed him  that it destroyed him and has him asking himself questions now  and if not    i wish he wouldve "
"im sorry, but if your heart was really broken    youd be dead  so shut up "
"love is like a bomb, baby, cmon get it on livin' like a lover with a radar phone, lookin' like a tramp, like a video vamp, demolition woman, can i be your man? razzle n' dazzle n' a flash a little light television lover, baby, go all night  sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet little miss ah innocent sugar me, yeah!!!"
ill keep you my dirty little secret     laugh 
"you trained these lips when they were champs and now theyre itchin for a comeback, so comeback "
dont go!
youre the right kind of sinner to release my inner fantasy! the invincible winner and you know you were born to please!
time hasnt changed much    were still at square one 
"guitar hero: talk dirty to me, 5% on e playful ert  whoo!"
"we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love, we will cry over things we used to laugh and our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then and in the end a summer with wild winds and new friends will be "
"if im not the one thing you cant stand to lose  if im not that arrow to the heart of you  then i guess we're done, lets not drag this on  consider me gone "
while the lights were out = crazy awesome!!!
"stayed up all night with kel, we are sleppyyy  hair cut today  pixie cut with pink blue and purple streaks??? yessss!!!!!!!!! then to the movies with kels!"
<propfemale> kristene duchow is my favorite person ever
i guess its gonna break me down 
"omg!!! hahaha i just over heard my mom talking to my dog  \how'd you like it if mommy took you in for a blow job?\"" i kid you not  also my dogs a girl!"""
"mind is in the gutter, and its never coming back"
"happy thanksgiving!!! im so thankful for all my friends and family, and well i guess everything really  have a great day!"
ummmmmmmm     what?
"he was everything, everything, that i wanted  we were ment to be, supposed to be, but we lost it  all of our memories so close to me just fade away  all this time you were pretending, so much for my happy ending "
i used to wait for him to get online  but now i wait for him to get offline  either way    im pathetic 
why do i miss him so much?
"where you used to be, theres a hole in the world  which i find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night  i miss you like hell "
hugs are like dreams  theres something so innocent and relaxing about both 
yay! my bro & i will be hittin the slopes anyday now! time to start workin out & gettin ready  ill be up with the big boys in no time! so watch yourself!
<propfemale> broke my nose today  i need new friends 
"grandma sent me 10 emails over the course of 3 days  she singled me out in each one of them  everyone who got that email thinks ill be one to reply  so now its a friday night, im home alone, listening to oldies, replying to all 10 of grandmas emails, and doing a latch-hook  i think this is why i dont have a boyfriend   "
"rawr rawr rawr  busy busy <propfemale>     hold, brothers hold  everyone attack now!!! seriously "
"\dont set that man on fire!\"" \""im not gonna  calm down!\""   later    \""omg! <propfemale>'s outside my house!!! and hes on a firetruck!!!\"" \""i told you not to set that guy on fire!!! wait?! you set <propfemale> on fire?!\"" \""no! he's outside my house!!!\"" \""on fire?!?!?!\"" \""not on fire!!!\"" \""then who's on fire?!\"" \""no one <propfemale>!!! stop freaking out!!\"" \""phew    okay\"" hahaha i love <propfemale>!  love """
i am shaking uncontrollably and i have no clue why!! ahhhhhh!!!!
all guys are tools  its like they all have secret meetings in tool sheds together  and then they go home to their even bigger tool houses  that are filled with tools  including them  because all guys are tools 
"\dont put your tounge in my mouth! youve been touching my feet!\"" hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah and this is only day 1 """
you get 2 more ears when you die 
thats what you get douche bag    you shouldnt have let me go  so i hope you enjoyed the show  cuz now im too far gone 
yrmottwikwirw
"what to do to day??? what to do??? gingerbread house? or movies?? blah blah, we will just see"
rawr rawr rawr!!! ima cat!!!!!
i hate that theres nothing i can do   
talked to <propmale>    talk about the awkward first conversation after the makeout break up situation     lets just say it lasted like 5 minutes and was like one word repies   
my neck hurts  real bad   laugh 
rawr rawr rawr     bittersweetness is hitting 
"you are the thunder, and i am the lightning    "
too much christmas and family    ughhh ill live
"hey so if youre reading this and weve ever <propmale> out or talked or anything, you should totally draw me a picture, write me a letter, or anything else you want to so that i can <propfemale> it on my wall forever!  smile "
is watching her doggie sleep  most precious thing ever  its times like this that make me realize just how beautiful life is 
you sure know how to make a girl feel unnoticed 
"i want to be stupid and reckless, and i want to break promises  why stop at one? im so sorry that i cant be the right kind of girl for u, but its also possible to love more than one person at a time, ive seen it in action  if u cant ill always be waiting in the wings  ull always have that spare option if u want it  and if there was a way to escape this pain, id take it, too "
<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>    funny funny boyyyyy    
"my baby boy has a very sever case of hives  right before chirstmas too nothing worse could happen to a 5 yr old  please keep him in your prayers, thank you!"
i miss <propfirst> and <propfirst> like ucking crazy    only 1 more day    just one more day  fgsjfgsdfva rawr!
"ever feel life is one of those really pointless movies? yknow the ones that have no hot guys girls  the story line sucks  and about a hour into it u realise just how stupid it is and u dont know why ur even watching it, still  but u cant turn it off or change the channel because uve actually become a little interested to see how things turn out for all the sorry suckers  thats how my life is right now  deep right?"
"screw the \all i want for christmas is you \"" i want many gifts! and youre not included!"""
alright! i got a marshmellow gun!!! can anyone top that??? i didnt think so!
best  christmas  ever  i cant wait for tomorrow!
awesome day with my favorite(s)  cant wait for tonight!!! should be awesome!!!  love 
awesome day    good advice    love that boy
"im so sick and tired of being let down  maybe <propfirst> was right, maybe guys arent worth caring about "
why does everyone want to <propfemale> out with me all at the same time? i mean really this couldnt get any more confusing 
everyone needs to call me angel velvetpassion from now on
happy new years y'all! thank you to my amazing family! who gave me the greatest day ever! i love you all! everyone of you crazy people! thank you everyone for an amazing year!  my resolution is to have no regrets and put all i have into all i do! what about you guys?
ready for school!!!!!  laugh 
feels like school again  shit ton of hw  no free time  and tired as hell 
feels like school again  shi ton of hw  no free time  and tired as heck 
thanks mom     
"i want someone provocative and talkative but im damned if i do ya damned i if i dont, yep yep    you got it    right, i aint for sex  ive got your picture  you are the thunder and i am the lightning, im coming apart at the seams  i cant do the tiiiimeeee  if he says he got beef, im wasted               smile   love "
apparently im having a party tomorrow lol according to my mom that is 
tomorrow= best day ever!
there is no way anyone is ready for whats gonna happen tonight!!! chillin with <propfemale> for now!
"last night was pretty amazing    that sould happen again, i really liked it "
"breaking up is a natural evolution when you try to figure out what you want in life  if you’re with an individual who isn’t moving in the same direction and at the same rate that you are, it ain’t going to work "
"if i know how to do anything, its how to fuck up my whole life in a heartbeat and lose everything everyone that was once close to me   "
today was a very good day!  smile 
"its horrible to say so, but when you have a big fight with your friends and dont talk for a few days    when you finally do talk its the best feeling ever and nothing can bring you down  its like make up sex probally but not as     sexual    cuz thatd be weird    "
i will make this work!
with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!!  smile 
homework is stupiddddddddd
just got done with my english paper! i am so proud of it!!!
just got done with my english paper! i am so proud of it!!! but if my printer doesnt print it i may kill something 
"i have an excellent brother his strength is making me stronger, inside and out hes better then i am  im lucky to have my mother, i know shes on my side even when im wrong and i love her for giving me her eyes, staying back and watching me shine, ilymomma&bubu "
"back then it was like cooties, now its like mono  bager, bager, snake!"
"back then it was like cooties, now its like mono  badger, badger, snake! [happy erica?]"
"if the english ppl never had the scientific revolution then we wouldnt have math or science, which we learn in history  and if we didnt have math or science there would be no need to study for hours without getting anywhere  i have no idea which subject to blame for my stress and anger "
rawr rawr rawr! you better love me kel!  smile 
"im gonna have to learn to let you go somehow  ill move on baby, just like you  itll break my heart, but ill get through  someday when i stop loving you   "
"get crazy, get wild, lets party, get loud  if you wanna have fun and do something crazzzzyyyyy    i love lmfao   "
soooo this summer <propfemale> can drive me  can we say roadtrip? to oh i dont know    the oregon coast?! hahah cant wait!
"*holds up any random object like a gun* bang! youre dead  no, i just killed you  haha today was a good day!!!  laugh "
"if you did not grow up in the 90's you have no idea what real t v  is  the 90's had the best shows by far! hands down, no competition, or questions asked "
"even though it hurts the way it ended up, id do it all again   "
stagecraft is gonna be the best class ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rawr rawr rawr br     nvm  i love you <propfemale>!  smile 
today was a fairytale  happy kelbe is happy happy happy!  laugh 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
i really enjoyed today  and youth group  that was really fun 
good days are good   laugh 
so mostly im just liking everyones status  its not weird  im just really really bored 
"<propfemale> is so my favorite!! bubble fights, capes, singing the spanish xmen, ice cream cake, ice scream cupcakes, ohhhhh sooooo great  juest great  really really great "
"lately, ive been thinking about you "
"is with <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  \i knocked kelbe up\""-<propfemale> \""i just got done licking <propmale>'s stick\""-kelbe i love you <propfemale> and taelor and the stad!!!! gotta love biology"""
"hold me close, now until forever ill be unafraid, hold me close  give me back my reason to believe, come and save me   love  gloriana"
yay! now <propfemale> and i are stereotypical teenage girls  in the 8 years we've been friends we've never had a spa night  cant wait for tomorrow!  smile   love 
"tell me what i want to hear  i dont care if youre lying baby, i just want to feel you touch me right now  go ahead and call it love, tomorrow you can deny it baby  kiss me again, let me pretend that its not wrong  baby, lead me on "
it turned out to be a better night then i thought!  smile   love 
"hes not my boyfriend; nope, sure ain't  but regardless; i care for him  i care for him alot   love  \rawr\""  laugh """
this is gonna be a very very interesting week     it is soooo on!
"no drama  no over thinking  no \stupidness\""  i may make this my normal; today was quite enjoyable """
"no drama  no over thinking  no \stupidness\""  i may make this my normal; today was quite enjoyable  [goin to see wolfman with my brother then to dinner! yay!  smile  ]"""
just got back from wolfman  which is possibly the best movie ever!!!!!!!! i really wanna see it again!!!!! i laughed though most of it lol
imperfect boys with their perfect lies; nobody wants to hear you sing about tragedy [boycott love  love ] [gonna win] [wolfman=best movie ever] [with <propfemale>!!!! we be paintin  smile ]
boycotting love  wanna join?
"tell me what i want to hear  i dont care if youre lying, i just want to feel you touch me right now  go ahead and call it love, tomorrow you can deny it baby  kiss me again, let me pretend that its not wrong  baby, lead me on  [boycott love ? ] [gonna win] [wolfman=best movie ever]"
imperfect boys with their perfect lies; nobody wants to hear you sing about tragedy [boycott love ? ] [told ya i was gonna win ]
whosthecutest com go there!!!!! youll find out whos the cutest!!!!!!!! ima <propfemale> with <propfemale>!!!!!!  smile 
"if i had to chose between doing all the crazy things i do now, and having a legit boyfriend  id pick the crazy, pointless, acting-like-we're-6-till-3am nights  if a guy cant be cool with how fun and little kiddie i act then i dont wanna be with him anyways   smile  love you <propfemale>!!!!!!  love "
this is how we roll!!!!! check it out! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=grro2tdyob4
i hate being sick!!!!! grrrrrawrrrrr
theyre really good guys  im so happy ive met them  and i wish them nothing but the best  im thankful for everything ive gone through with every guy  it makes me happy to know there are good guys out there   smile 
friday's gonna be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! haha i cant wait!
"im never gonna get over you  not cause i cant, cause i dont want to  im gonna get you back if its the only thing i do  im never gonna get over you   love "
i will always be there for my girls  you know what they say    best friends are forever  boyfriends are w h a t e v a a a a a a    smile   love 
"just got done shavin my legs, showerin, and takin off my make-up  words cant describe how amazing i feel right now  haha i cant wait for tomorrah!!! its gonna be so much fun!  smile   love "
"best day ever!!!!!!!!!! i love love love my girly, <propfemale>!! she probaly the best person ever  shes so great!  love  lets keep it goin  wink "
"its in the blood  i met my love before i was born  he wanted love, i taste of blood  he bit my lip, and drank my warmth from years before   love "
"let this be our little secret  no one needs to know were feeling higher and higher and higher, higher and higher and higher   love  lyricsssssss"
you never know who you'll run into on the road of broken hearts   love 
great job <propfirst>  if you just wouldve listened to me you wouldnt be an accessory to manslaughter and you could continue to be adorable and your friends wouldnt kill you  but no you had to be dumb and just hide the body and not call 911  wow 
the cute good guys always die too soon  its just a fact of life 
the  play is so good!!!!!! im really really shocked at how great it is! wow 
i may shoot myself if this headache doesnt go away soon  also i have a shit ton of homework  awesome
words cant describe how happy i am lately   laugh 
"she knows what shes doin  standin there with her head phones in  skinny jeans and a tatoo  what can you do with a girl like that? takin everything, givin nothin back  stuck between her legs when she sets her trap  what can you do with a girl like that?"
im dead now  so thanks play  only 5 more times we have to do this    yay?
ummm fun? night  great job on the play everyone! it gets better and better everytime!
rawr rawr rawr homework suckssssss  i love you <propfemale>!!!!!
"so im checkin out other \all shook up\"" performances on youtube  mshs's kicks so much ass compared to those other ones! fo sho!"""
im still alive but im barely breathing; just prayin' to a god that i dont believe in  what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you? and what am i supposed to say when im all choked up that youre ok? im fallin to pieces  
goin to the mall with <propfemale>!!! shes so my favorite  this is gonna be awesome! haha
<propfemale> in wonderland was so good  <propfemale> is so my favorite! i love you girly!!!
wooooowwwwwwww i really really really hate drama  and mondays  ughhhh
ive so got this handled! ughhh homework? not so much 
im in love  im all shook up!
2 hours of homework  6 hours of play  awesome trade off for the rest of the day!! cant wait!
the play just gets better and better! and theres never a dull moment!! haha
ohhhh how i love my life right now  i really dont want this to end  ever   laugh 
just woke up  oh how i love having no school  play tonight! ya'll should go!
its days like this that make this life worth living 
so i for sure was grounded this whole week  last night i didnt get home till midnight  its 2:20 and i just got home  and not to mention ive only spent like 6 hours awake at home  i should get grounded more often 
i can feel the weight of my future bearing down on my shoulders  i have no idea what i'm doing or what to do  ahh!
"there's no way to say this without sounding crazy  so, just a warning to all cast and crew, i may tackle you over react to seeing you tomorrow  i apologize ahead of time "
"i'd rather shoot myself in the head, than deal with all this stupid teenage drama  ughhhhhhhhhh"
i just dont even know what to do with myself!
blame it on the pop  blame it on the dance  blame it on the feeling    music makes everything flow 
"ugh i have nothing to do!!!! and i miss \all shook up!\"""""
"ugh i have nothing to do!!!! and i miss \all shook up!\"" and im sick!!!! =["""
"now we're getting older, time has no hold on me  from dusk 'till <propfemale> we tear it up  the sun is coming out  we love like vampires  you'll be lost and never found  mix up "
being sick is the worst feeling ever  ughhhhhh    and the wasl thing's this week  and no play  great! =[
it takes a while to learn to live in your own skin 
"is very entertained by all the status updates and status comments on her \top news\""  funny people are the best people ever """
"imperfection is beauty; madness is genius; and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous that absolutely boring  sometimes there is no next time  no time outs  no second chances  sometimes its now or never  and just think, you almost missed it all "
soooo i somehow got gounded again   thats great    2 weeks in a row 
hahahahaha ohhhh how i love these people!!! what did i do before knowing them?!
"i gotta find a way to get to you, because you've sure been getting to me "
"everything is opposite i don't feel like stopping it  so baby tell me what i got to lose  he's into me for everything i'm not, according to you "
"there are people you have a connection with, and there are people you really really like  your true love will be both "
"we enjoy warmth because we have been cold  we appreciate light because we have been in darkness  by the same token, we can e playful erience joy because we have known sadness "
i'm all shook up for the picnic today! can't wait!  laugh 
anyone who was at riverfront park today pretty much thinks the group of people that were there today are crazy  mission accomplished 
i need a freak that can handle me 
maybe some women aren't ment to be tamed  maybe they're supposed to run wild until they find someone just as wild to run with 
"you asked me why i haven't talked to you  well, maybe it's because you slowly pushed me out of your life  i'm glad you're finally noticing, jerk "
"listening to music, loving the sound  who was i kidding, baby?  imagining you'd stick around "
"as i'm sitting here, eating my colorful fruit salad and yelling at the red round grapes when they refuse to let my shiny silver fork poke through them so that i may eat them, asking them why they can't be like any of the other fruit in the bowl, and cursing whoever decided grapes needed to be round so that you cannot eat them with a fork, i have realized something  i have lost my mind "
"you never listened to the tears that fell  and i'm over screaming down a wishin' well  boy, we can talk it out  or we can scream and shout  and if you wanna you can slam the door  i get the feeling that you’ll be comin' back just like you did before "
"the talking leads to touching  and the touching leads to sex  and then there is no mystery left  and it's bad news  baby, i'm bad news "
i have a child with 2 guys being the father? when did this happen and why do i not remember any of it?! gotta love stagecraft  
at <propfemale>'s  making food  is it eatable? we have no clue!
"the prettiest faces do the worst things  alot of the time they're bad people underneath  but some times they're a great person underneath, and then it's just a waste "
rebellion is what you make it 
"i'm standing here until you make me move  i'm running and not quite sure where to go, just hanging by a moment "
"boy, your touches leave me mystified, and i wish i could believe in you "
"the wost thing to be a hypocrite about is saying you'll always be there for someone  if someone doesn't need you for a while and is doing great  then the world comes crasing down on them and they need you and you aren't there, that makes everything 1000000 times worse  if i have ever said i'll always be there for you, i mean it and stand by it  no matter what i have going on in my own life, i swear i'll keep to that "
i'm giving up this game 
research is fun when it's on my favorite subject! who knew?!
"i have no idea what to do with myself this week   love  the sun is coming up, we love like vampires   yknow i sayyy, yknow i said you never fight fair! you're always jumping on my back  you bite my neck like a bad habit, yeah  now its all coming back  love  mmmm, music "
"am i dumb for being excited to find my <propmale> charming? if i am, i really don't care, because no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it  you have to believe in love stories, <propmale> charming, and happily ever after  love is fearless "
"great day  slept in, then shopped all day with my mom  she's pretty amazing, not gonna lie   love "
i really really want a white tiger!
can't wait for easter! i love those kiddos!
"if you fall for me, i'm not easy to please  i might tear you apart    told you from the start, baby from the start, i'm only gonna break break ya break break ya heart "
i am in love with bon jovi 
"it's the last thing i e playful ected, now it's all that i want  "
hmmm very tired  that little girl wore me out! but i love her! school shall be interesting tomorrow   
good day was good!  smile 
"let me steady myself in th arms of a boy who won't ask me to be what he wants, but lets's me exsist as i am   smile  today was just great!"
"you're not my type  but i like that idea  \my type\"" usually breaks my heart   smile """
my grandma's horse had to be put down  i hope the other one doesn't die too  ='[
"ughhh i have a text or quiz in periods 3, 4, 5, and 6 tomorrow  not looking forward to that "
"love is about being cute and stupid together, not being in bed together "
tomorrow will possibly be the best day ever! i swear i have the best boyfriend ever!  smile   love 
back from manito with <propmale>! can't wait for tonight!  smile   love 
had the best date ever with the best boyfriend ever!  smile   love 
"spent all of yesterday and all of today with the best guy ever  i just can't get enough of him  \it just does something to me  it sends a shock right through me  i can't get enough \"" perfect pick on our song sweetie!  smile   love """
"this could be one of those memories, we want to hold on to, cling to, one we can’t forget  baby, this could be our last first kiss, the door to forever  what if this was that moment that <propmale> worth taking, history in the making  "
build our world around a country song  i wanna love like jonny and june 
"i’ll still be me, just a normal girl from small town nowhere  i’ll still laugh at your jokes and argue over silly things   smile "
"good day! fell asleep on <propmale> for like the third or forth time  so, i don't know how super troopers, sherlock holmes, or the bounty <propmale> go  haha thats great!  smile   love "
1  the path is not straight  2  mistakes need not be fatal  3  people are more important than achievements or possesions  4  be gentle with your parents  5  never stop doing what you most care about  6  learn to use a semi-colon  7  you will find love ?
i don't think i can say anything about today  it was too good to comment on   love  i love having <propmale>'s arms around me  its the best feeling ever!  smile   love 
sister just left  tired as heck  but guess what?! i can't sleep without him here   annoyed 
just got back from collins! his family is so great! i'm really glad i got to spend that time over there tonight!
"i don't know why, but i'm in a veryyyy good mood! =p"
"the worst kind of love is wasted and forgotten love  you know that the forgotten wasted love was real when it brings other people tears, but it doesn't only bring tears it also brings strength, and hope for the next generation "
well isn't today a great day! -__-
"i really need to go to sleep  i for sure spazed out on my mom and <propmale> for at least a half an hour    it was great  very very very good day, thanks to <propmale>, of course   smile  ?"
"fun night with <propmale>, again! lol and i got my mom home in one piece thank you very much!!!! lol  smile  ?"
"i have no idea what my mom is watching, but it has alot of make-out sex scenes in it  trying to block it out with my new craving for country music, it seems to be working  thank you old country cds that haven't been seen in years, you have saved my life!"
"good good night with my baby! and i'm improving on my backing up! now on to homework, goodie     smile   love "
on the floor 
"really easy day at school  then went to <propmale>'s, which was really really fun! he's so adorable!  smile   love  and my brother didnt kill him!! yay! good day!"
really really amazing day! <propmale>'s just the best! hands down  1 month; wow!
when i'm with him; it's where i belong  and honestly it's the only place i want to be   love   smile  always good times with <propmale>   smile   love 
everyday i spend with <propmale> everything just gets better and better  nothing else matters when i'm with him   smile   love 
"i'm going to kill people because i hate them  but other than that! i had a really easy and amazing day with <propmale>    again  haha  smile   love  super tired though, and tomorrows gonna suckkkk "
"just when i think things cant get better, they do! always good times with my boyyy!  smile   love  \he's the poster child for date rape!\"" haha"""
"sooooo much homework  not even mine  but whatever, as long as i'm with him i dont care "
"omg! <propfemale> and <propfirst> are such a cute couple! and <propfemale> and <propfemale> are just the best girlfriends ever! i'm sorry i cheated on you <propfemale>, with <propfemale>  i know you'll forgive me because our love is true! and <propfemale>, we can still be friends, i promise   wink  hahaha happy guys? love you all!  love  =p"
missin all shook up! gonna try to make it for the movie tomorrow    hmmmm
ready to fail my bio test! yay! -__-
he's finally un-grounded  we can both have our lives back! last night was pretty awesome     haha  smile   love 
"what a great day!? it was really nice out, i got to be with <propmale>, go to the river    lots of fun! super super tired though  thanks for being a good sport today baby!  smile   love "
good guys always win; in the long run  but up until then its pretty much just a free for all 
dudeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!! thunderstorm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love rain  and thunder  and all that stuff!!!
"\a boy will break your heart  but a man will give you theirs to save yours \"" so so so very true  there is no way i deserve <propmale>; but hes convinced i do  and whatever he says goes  sort of  smile   love """
"one of the best nights with him so far, no doubt! i mean really, who doesn't like playing in the rain, making capes, and acting like total dorks all night long?!  smile   love "
"they say throughout life you will meet one person who is unlike any other; you could tell them things and they won't judge you, ect  they say this person is your soul mate; your best friend  and not to ever let them go  i dont plan on letting this one go  <propmale> is just too good to get rid of  even if he is 2  =p he just makes everything better    i need him, for sure  always and forever  love   smile "
"great day with the family!! those chillins are sooo freaking adorable  wow i love them all  i can't believe <propmale> actually likes them, they weren't even bad tonight  which is a scary thought  but! he fits right in    also a scary thought  but very good     smile  thanks for putting up with my insane family, <propfemale>!  smile   love "
happiness is being married to your best friend  ~ anon
at <propmale>'s  don't worry guys we aren't going to get married        yet  lol we are wayyyy too young still   smile 
my arm hurts super bad  i think i did something to one of my nerve   annoyed  kinda sucks    but other than that i had a great time with <propmale>  who wouldve guessed?! thanks for being so sweet baby  smile   love 
we dissected rats in biology today    worst  day  ever 
"long, trying day    glad its over  just on to homework  ughhh shoot me  glad i get to have <propmale> by my side as much as possible, no matter what else is going on "
"the reality is seeping into even my sweetest dreams, turning my every thought to horror  i just want this to work "
"<propmale> e  cheese on a friday night    god help me    *new family member! it's a boy, his name is <propmale> asher!!!*"
lots of running around then off to see <propfemale> play at bobfest!  smile  i love you girly! you're gonna to amazing!!
"such a great day  wake up, <propmale>, yardwork, <propfirst>'s grad party, water balloon fight, cutting down trees, then off to see my family!!!  smile  so much; so good "
"anyone else think summer's off to a sucky start???? at least i got to spend a good last day with <propmale> here  today is the start of a very trying life     we'll see how well this goes    not well so far  doesn't look very promising  sorry if all my stuff gets really depressing, it won't be easy "
one positive of this summer so far: i found my game cube     yay  sort of 
"playing uno with my momma    \i haven't gotten any reverse cards!\""-mom \""probally cuz i have like all 12 \""-me \""really? cuz i'm pretty sure there's only 4 in each deck \""-mom haha i love her!"""
"up at 6 smile 0, to mommas work by 8 surprise 0, rafting for 4 hours starting at 9 smile 0     i'm tired    and i'm going to die  but, on the up side i get to spend time with my brother     smile  long day ahead of me   "
"had soooo much fun rafting! oh my goodness!!! next on the list, white water rafting at hells canyon!!! yaya!  smile "
my mom just told me i look like a gold fish when i'm not wearing any make-up    good? or bad?  annoyed 
"slept till 1, got up, got ready, went shopping, came home, now gonna go talk to <propmale> before bed! great day! thank you mommy!!!!  smile  long day tomorrow! yay, family time!!! (hopefully   )"
"happy fourth everyone!!! i hope you all have a great day! with whatever you will be doing! and, please, let's not forget all who make us free and give have given their lives for us and this wonderful nation  we are home of the free, because of the brave! and we are one nation under god!  smile "
"cleaned the computer room, the kitchen, did the laundry, did the dishes, now off you clean my room and bathroom    sooooooo much cleaning  goodness!"
i just made snow!!! in the middle of summer    i can die happy now!
"no sleep  no lake  no hair cut  no movies  no <propmale>     anyone else think this day sucks?!  annoyed  and it's only 10:12am  there's room to get wayyy better, or wayyyy worse  let's hope it gets better "
"9 am is waaaaayyyyyy too early to be up on a saturday morning, and having a fun filled, late night before it probably doesn't help  oh well, i'm just feelin nap time later today! yay  "
"time to go get a child safety lock for our fridge    because of our dog    she's a little too \talented\"" """
"there will always be the girls you can't believe you were once friends with, the boys you can't believe you liked, and the one boy you can't believe you ever lived without "
hair cut time!!! yay! finally! hopefully it turns out good!  smile 
i love my hair! so cute! gotta love <propfirst> and his magic scissors! thank you <propfirst>!!!
silly doggy  9 smile 0 am isn't for waking up and going outside  9 smile 0 am is for sleeping and dreaming about gum drops and fairies 
"went to see inseption with my brother! and out to lunch! the movie was sooo crazy, my mind is still trying to wrap its self arouns the whole thing  for sure a must see!"
"mom got a cavity filled, doesn't feel good, and can't eat  so dispite that little voice in my head telling me not to; i'm going to try to make a fried egg sandwich  we'll see how this works out     *little voice in my head: \not well  don't do it  you'll set the house on fire!\""*"""
heading out soon  breakfast with my brother!!!! yay! and then off to steilcoom for my amazing birthday presents!!! i love you mommy! thank you! i can't believe i'm 16    dang 
finally home!!!! omg!!!!!!! i had such a blast in canadia and steilcoom!!!!! i'll get pictures up asap! eeeee yay!
"trying to make peace with my new phone    guess how well that's working?!?!?! yeah, it's not  >=["
if you could get drunk off tea    trust me i'd be there  4 cups in an hour; there's no way thats healthy  but i'm starting to feel better-ish   
get to <propfemale> out with the two best families ever today!!!! (<propmale>'s and mine of course!)  greatest day ever!!!  smile  yay!
guess who's back? guess who's not leaving ever again!?!?!  laugh  <propmale>!!!!!!!! yay!!!! words can't describe how happy i am right now!!!  laugh 
"\you put your arm around me for the fist time  you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter  you are the best thing that's ever been mine \""  love """
<propmale> force fed me a spider grape  =[ and then ate a spider egg grape  yuckyyyyyy  and yet it was still a good night  dinner = chocolate chip waffles with ice cream and poptart crums on top  oh! and spider grapes   smile   love 
"i don't watch the news, ever, and now i know why  all they talk about is everyone who died in spokane today  quite depressing  but on the happy side i love my family; my momma, brother, and aunt t    they make me laugh  oh and <propmale> makes me laugh too    sometimes   smile   love "
i've had hiccups for the last hour    what do i do?!?! =[
i've been shopping all day    i love shopping  but one down side to shopping all day    my feet hurt really bad  =[ oh well! new clothes make up for it 
"\if you use your knife to take off your nail polish  you might be a redneck \"" - kelbe schneider  copyright    i think thats right """
"veryyy long day at splash down! i am red but it was very fun! thank you momma for taking us!!! and hey, <propmale>    remember that time when we raced down the slides and i beat you? jkjk you beat me the first time   smile   love  thanks you two for a great day!"
"the book of <propmale> is suchhhh an amazing movie!!! i love it! fun night! cookies smell good! \made a rebel of careless mans careful daughter \""  smile """
"current favorite quote= \the bad news is time flies  the good news is you're the pilot \"" <propfirst> altshuler  love """
"in <propmale> with <propmale>'s family     good times, good times   smile "
"just thought of three things  1  people are gonna see me in the play, even people i don't like  =[ 2  the upside to #1 is that those people that i don't like have to pay to see the play, so in a way they have to pay to see me  and i've never had to pay to see them  smile  and 3  three more years  smile "
"i couldn't tell you who was there, what music was played, who wore what, or who all was there had i didn't like; what i can tell you is this   for once i got to get all dolled up for someone who would actually appretiate it  i got treated like a <propfemale> like i've always wanted (more so today), i wasn't worried what people thought of me  i wasn't worried about my hair or nail polish "
"6 months ago today marked the start of the best days of my life, with the most amazing guy ever (<propmale> <propfirst>)  6 months ago i would've never guessed that i'd be where i am today, and there's no doubt that i would be doing everything i am if <propmale> wasn't there to support me! thank you for all your help baby! heres to half a year unwasted!  smile   love "
"leavenworth  leavin-worth  leaven-worth    same things  had lots of fun with my two best friends (<propmale> and my momma) at that there <propmale> town east, no west, no east    wait    idk  that there yonder <propmale> town! i'm so glad things worked out for us to go! thank you for everything momma! and thanks for coming <propmale>!!! mr gobbles thanks you too   smile   love "
"i totally beat <propmale> up tonight!!!  wink  it was awesome, even if i do have a million bruises now  elf is a funny movie as well  today was good    no school, no homework, no worries   smile   love "
yesterday t'was great!!! making pumpkins = sweetness! making devil cooky's = epic! gotta love <propmale> and my momma!  love   smile 
i believe that you can't fix stupid  and you can't make sense out of crazy 
"i believe people should start calling me glitter <propfemale> in honor of my 80's hair, 80's pixie outfit, and the massive glitter e playful losion that seemed to happen right over my head today!  laugh  yay for intaf set up! and intaf in general!  smile "
"good good day! did good on my civil war test! sub in chem! no cavities! fun at momma's work! went to \lunch\"" with <propmale>! got the new <propfirst> swift cd! pizza for dinner! and got to fall asleep in the best guy in the world's arms!  smile  yay!  smile   love  going to <propfemale>'s wedding tomorrow and maybe greenbluff!"""
"good day was super good! congrats to <propfemale> and <propmale> who got married today  they had a very beautiful wedding and are such an adorable couple! the rest of my day continued to stay happy as i spent it with this really awesome guy  he made my mom and i dinner for the most part, spoiled me as always, and then let me sleep in his arms for yet another night! if only i could remember this mans name  hmmm oh wells  smile   love  =p"
"halloween is like the mafia, but for kids  <propfirst> helsing is and epic wolfman tail with a <propmale> twist  corn maze gorillas scare me  <propfemale> apples are yummy  mini pumpkins are adorable! my mommy is my favoritest  and my boyfriend is amzing and spoils me and picks me wild flowers on halloween even though i thought they all were dead   smile  good weekend   love "
"i believe that people shouldn't just think of our soldiers, veterans, mia, <propfemale>, and anyone who has, is, or will, in the past, present, and future served, serve, or are serving just on veterans day, but on everyday  they deserve more than respect for what they do to keep us safe  they can't unsee the things they see while they're gone and they will never forget "
opening night     eeeeeeekkkkkkk! =s
my mom thinks that peppermints were invented by hitler     and now she's going to kill me for saying this   smile 
"them there yonder rednecks in that there farminton ain't too shabby  had lots of fun, no doubt!  smile   love  thanks for letting me go <propmale>!"
"it seems to me when life gives you lemons, you have two options  1  you can make some really sucky lemonade  or 2  you can squirt someone in the eye, and run "
just was outside with my siberian husky   in the snow   on her leash    for the first time this winter  i should have more snow on me 
*should've been posted yesterday   * 8 of the happiest months of my life! thank you <propmale> <propfirst>!!  smile   love 
"a normal person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please repost"
what's up with all the <propfirst>    im so confused 
"\there's always a <propfemale> at the end of the road \""-mom \""you mean a light at the end of the tunnel?\""-me \""it's a good thing you know me \""-mom  smile   love  i love her!"""
"after a long day of school, auditions, work and other such involving things   it's nice to come home to a mom who orders you to vacume the dogs butt once you walk in the door  ahhh family "
sometimes in my dreams things aren't right and they don't make sense  but i find when that happens things are how they would've been if different roads were taken  and none lead me to where i am today other then the roads i chose in reality  even though i miss those i left behind     kelbe should sleep more; or maybe less  ehhh   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! i hope you all had a great day!! i know i did!  smile    love 
"not gonna lie   if i don't go to <propfirst> urban's 2011 world tour \get closer\"" i will swear off country music  which means all music for me """
starting to feel the stress  o o  annoyed  =s
thanks for the knifes in my heart and back  they feel just lovely 
my whole problem is that i'm afraid of cruella de'vil! (her last name is devil! o o)
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from <propfemale>, prissy girls come from california, but washington girls have fire and ice in their blood! we can ride 4 wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook, pack heat, fish w  the boys, bake a cake, love w  passion  and if we have an opinion    you know your'e gonna hear it!!\\(repost if your a washington girl and proud of it!)"
"so    my momma and i were too lazy to go shopping tomorrow, so at about 9 smile 0 we decided to go to freddies in sweats and no make up  and then to mcd's for milkshakes  an hour later were back  best night ever  i love you mommy!  smile   love "
"what's on my mind? <propmale> 36: 25-27  i'm sorry, i love you "
"on my way home from dinner and a movie with my brother, my mom and my brother's girl friend i saw a home made sign in a bar window  all it said was: \we speak canadian \"" made  my  day """
"the only difference between friendship and love, is how much you can hurt one another "
is going to kill her u s  history project! it's gonna be amazing!!! thank you photography!!!!  smile 
thank you <propfemale> and <propfemale> for making my day alot creepier and weirder  haha i miss you guys!!
but for the grace of god go i 
mardi gras was probably the best day of 2011 so far!!!!  smile  thank yous <propmale> for everything!! and thanks <propfirst> and whit for putting up with us all night!!  smile  i love you guys!!!  smile   love 
"i got to shake the bishops hand today  yeah, that's right  be jealous  i love my family very much  they pull me out of everything   smile   love  i love you all!"
ladies love country boys  enough said 
i'm so proud of my baby!!! he passed his permit test this morning!!! with flying colors so i hear! not long before i can demand him to take me places   smile  but then again    i should just go get my lisence  ehhh whatever  still super proud of him!!! good job <propmale>!!!  smile   love  i knew you could do it!
best  day  ever!!!! got my hair cut! went to <propmale>'s pizza!!! went crazy shopping! got adorable things! taught my dog new tricks! got my first college request letter!!!! watched good movies with stupid endings!!!! made treats! decided i will work for disney one day!!!! also am honeymooning in disney world! and to top it all off!!! i spent the whole day with the best mom in the world  smile   love 
i feel very loved after today  thank you momma and <propmale> for everything! you both mean the world to me!!! i love you!  love   smile 
"momma mia!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhh!!! <propfemale>, <propfemale>  i have a newwwww obsesstion!!!!"
"a normal person has at least 1,000 wishes  a deployed service member only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you will not post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a veteran, a wounded warrior or one who is fighting for your freedom today, please consider reposting "
"i've decided i am ging to teach myself how to play whiskey lullaby on the guitar that i have close to never picked up, in my life, ever  wish me luck "
"dear former all shook up family, could you please come back and teach the fiddler cast how to be a family, and save them from the awful fate they have approching them? looking back i miss those shakey hands and weak knees, now more than ever  sincerely, kelbe "
had a great time with my brother!!! fact: <propfirst> pin brigs is the most rad bro theres ever been!!!! haha i love you bubu!!  smile 
hello knee brace  meet opening night  i'm sure you two won't get along at all  fantastic 
"so for all who want to know  knee braces suck and are unattractive  the bussiness office lady is rude when you need an elevator key  and doing a 3 hour show is icing on the sucky knee problems cake! woooo  but all in all, great job tonight everyone!!! i couldn't be more proud! we really pulled it together! here's to the next 5!  smile "
fireproof=best movie ever  <propmale> ray=best boyfriend ever  today= maybe the best day ever   smile   love 
i just realized something    my heart is in basic training 
"apple, <propfemale>, bana  damn "
"trying to understand <propmale> kids is like trying to understand miley <propmale>; the more you talk about it, the angrier you get "
hey guys <propmale> and i are not engaged  happy april fools!  smile 
