2252c89f3d90a41288dadff11bdde769
"\she easy to love  easy to fake and smile and run  where is my soul? hollow!!!\"""""
"\with a thousand lies and a good disguise; hit him rite between the eyes! hit him rite between the eyes! keep 'em running for their life \"""""
is working on an autobiography  if we've ever met or have had more than 3  conversations i require your   assistance  please 
i wanna run through the halls of my high school! i wanna scream at the top of my lungs! i just found out there's no such thing as a real world; just a life that's a rise above 
"and maybe its not my weekend, but its gonna be my year! and i'm so sick of watching while the minutes pass us  i go nowhere  and this is my reaction to everything i feel  cus i've bin going crazy  i don't waste another minute here!"
"\girl!!! who taught you how to move like that  at this pace your at your going way to fast  i saw you from across the room  it's me versus every guy  it's your choice; you choose!!!"""
; smile d
"has a white, padded room waiting for him after graduation  i bid you all a fond farewell "
"don't just stand there, say nice things to me i've been cheated i've been wronged, and you you don't know me, i can't change i won't do anything at all"
"\it's no surprise i won't be here tomorrow  i can't believe that i stayed till today \"""""
"\we were meant to live for so much more if we lost ourselves \"""""
"\i gotta disease deep inside me  makes me feel uneasy \"""""
"\i dare you to move  i dare you to move  i dare you to lift yourself off of the floor \"""""
"\and i'll let you go; i'll set you free  and when you see what you need to see; when you find you come back to me \"""""
please don't tell me that i'm dreaming  when all i ever wanted was to dream another sunset with you!
e playful loded!!!
and in the daylight we can hitchhike to maine i hope that someday i'll see without these frames and in the daylight i don't pick up my phone cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home
   
"i've been roaming around, always looking down at what i see "
<propfemale> mexico!!! copa de oro 2009!!! 0 a 5    in your face <propfemale>!!!
maybe you want her  maybe you need her  maybe you started to compare to someone not there 
i'm never gonna dance again the way i danced with you 
wow!!! i just realized i'm a really crappy artist   and author 
is always luckier at home 
has to stop being so lazy and get something done!!!   later   smile 
"\im never gonna let you go  i wanna hold you in my arms forever    baby come back! you can blame it all on me!!!\"""""
"waka, waka  who wants to here a funny a$$ joke¿"
i'm falling even more in love with you! letting go of all i've held on to 
is a well-wisher typ'a guy  if you gotta a face your on my draw list  sweet dreams and dew enjoy the remainder of the summer-ness  ; smile 
"\a little nonsense know and then was recommended by the wisest man \"""""
is at the beginning at of the end   oh this is going to be good!!!
"\in your face pessimists   smile \"""""
is wondering why his best friends are always pisces  maybe there's something to the stars other that mere lite 
will find 'er 
"\she was mine   and i was hers  and we will be ours again  that's a promise\"""""
"\and them there were two   next on my list \"""""
should probably get to work on that speech   later 
"can't do it all on my own, no i know; i'm no superman "
all night hearing voices telling me that i should get some sleep because tomorrow might be good for something 
needs to learn how to sing 
"gotta a feeling   that tonights gonna be a goodnight, that tonights gonna be a good good night "
that's when she said i don't hate you boyi just want to save you while there's still something left to savethat's when i told her i love you girlbut i'm not the answer to the questions that you still have
"and the four right                     chords can make me cry, when i'm with you i                     feel like i could die  and that would be all                     right, all right"
"is so ready for this holiday   maybe i can finally get some work done   heavenly muse, grace me!"
"i will be completely honest by answering any and all questions for 24 hours    you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)and i will give you an answer  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister   you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!!"
"\there's nothing you can do that can't be done  there's nothing you can sing that can't be sung \"""""
learned that when your feet are in extreme pain; your walk becomes a strut  - good 15
"well, color me a rain cloud "
went to mexico & all i got was this lame wall post  happy new year to all the amazing people i've met in the past decade!!  laugh 
-s o s -
s o s 
tries to make his life; at least and interesting novel 
"your better than the best  i'm lucky just to linger in your life! your cooler than the flip-side of my pillow, that's right "
we were the kings & queens of promise  maybe the victims of ourselves  maybe the children of some lesser god between heaven and hell; heaven and hell 
-love-   begers can't be chosers   and everyones a beger 
finally decided on the name of the book  smile 
"drake, lil <propmale> and eminem totally brought it to the grammys!!!"
just won money on the saints   yah!
the crusader without a banner  will someone not give me a soul for a cause?
finally knows how to kill his villian   this is going to be good 
refuses!
is sorry 
kinda misses that girl   could i possibly be human?
"\what is a life? the moments you make or the people you meet?"""
believes that fiction can convay things better than reality ever could 
"\friends are treasures to be cherrished; strangers are personnalities to be collected \"""""
fyi; firmament - the sky 
"if i could see the future in tea leaves, could you tell me the past in coffee-grinds?"
"oh, that's right i'm doing me, i'm living life right now, man, and this is what do till its over, till its over, but its far from over "
"all i do is win win win no matter what\got money on mind can never get it off\and every time i step up in the building\everybody hands go up\and they stay there\and they say yeah\and they stay there\up down, up down\cause all i do is win win win\and if you goin’ in put your hands in the air  "
"saw <propfemale>, freedom, and honor   i think i'll write something  =1"
"maybe it's not my week-end, but it's gonna be my year  cus' i've been going crazy; i'm stuck in here "
"just had the greatest theological debate ever; spanning not only religion, but the nature of war, humans, economics, healthcare, imagration reform, politics, and maslow's needs    with my mother "
people ask what  smart people ask how  enlightened people ask why 
hopes they keep in touch 
is a question to the world 
is wonder if he should put 'steady mobbin' and 'big ballin' as hobbies on his resume?
\any moment with you is like a delicious confection in that;\,2252c89f3d90a4128 laugh adff11bdde769,"no we haven't met, but, it's nice to meet you anyways   smile "
'the smurf' movie   in 3d   !!!   i know i said the same thing!
<propfemale> mexico!!!
just took a midnight train going anywhere 
"had a life altering epiphany last night, and can't wait to share it with the world!"
when everybody else is getting out of bed; i'm usually getting in it  i'm not in it to win it; i'm in it for love 
is wondering if sleeping from 3 to 3 is a bad thing?
finds that people are a lot like religion and love; if you can describe them perfectly you probably know nothing about them 
thought 'the last airbender' could have been better 
doesn't get people 
bought designer shades to hide his face and he wears them around because he's cooler than you   jk!!!
realizes that to have a friend you need to be a friend   took me long enough 
first rule of questing; don't talk about questing  second rule; bring your own dice 
it's official; the 2010 fifa world soccer champions   speak spanish 
"no one's perfect, but that shouldn't stop you from trying "
"feels kinda sick, but i'm sure it's nothing a few hours of prayer and aleve can't cure "
had a dream about driving around town in a motorized bed   ?
"doesn't know much about scientology, but i admit they do make one heck of a commercial "
is an extremly powerful fire demon known as calcifer!!!
is not lazy!!! i'm just motivationaly-challanged   
‘awkward’ – the worst word in the english language 
is insane   fyi   smile 
is stuck in limbo! someone save me because my back is starting to hurt!!!
is so ready for 2morrow!!!
; because life's too short for ordinary friends 
is out of mana   if only red-bull gave you sepheroth wings 
definition of a hollow victory: being a world champion solitaire master 
"real coca-cola: 5 pesos \gas: a little over 1000 pesos \spending the day with an amazing girl at a water-park and then never seeing her again: priceless \there's something money can't buy; for everything else there's mexico "
"you can’t get lucky all the time, but you can be smart every day "
"; side-effects may include, but are not limited too: rapid hot beats, a shank, upset parents, the smack-down, and the running of suicides \ask your doctor if <propmale> rivera is right for you "
confidence is facing a mountain and not backing down  pride is moving a pebble and thinking yourself god  there’s a difference 
je peux <propfemale> faire 
"there's an old saying about the past; \leave it there \"""""
can turn of the music anytime i want   wait! that's my jam!!!
being the 'bigger man' is vastly over-rated   annoyed 
joined his church's youth group   
<propfemale>'s a bitch; better get to pimpin' 
doesn't really exist!!! i'm <propfemale> kutcher and you've just been punked!!! ; smile d
you ever have a dream so good that everyone you've ever met was there? best dream ever!  smile 
friendships; because friend-boats would simply sound silly 
the movie 'titanic' is a phobia nightmare 
grace is a wonderful emotion!!!
reach
<propfemale> mexico!!!
is living in a dream-world 
had a dream about joining the glee club   i only saw one show   
is in the mood 4 a state fair   smile 
loves him some train 
is affraid of living his entire life without learning where <propmale> truely was   
is finaly caught with his <propmale> potter movies 
"our thoughts & prayers are with the chilean miners and their families on this, the day they return to their normal lives "
   providence 
<propfirst> the octopus is dead!!!!   a moment of cyber silence please 
wore his studio <propmale> mask   for halloween     indeed 
"refuses to stress until the end of the world  cool, mellow, calm, & chilled 4ever!!!"
's first region 10 was epic!!! can't wait for the next one 
"<propmale> potter & the deathly hallows(which was bloody wicked btw) with a friend, (epic) kick-ball tournament with the fam  from outta town, & grilling mexican food in the rain   happy thanksgiving week everyone   smile "
a little nonsence every now and then was recommended by the wisest man 
don't waste your time on me your already the voice inside my head  i miss you 
if doing the right thing was always the easy thing than life would have no meaning  god give me strength 
<propfemale> christmas! peace 
"if everthings bigger in texas, then everthing tastes better in mexico  its good to be home "
dont dig for change in the collection basket 
life's too short for limits 
got jesus on my necklacececece 
is sick and will probably pass-out right about   
most grandmothers make some sort of tea or ancient family soup when one of their grandchildren is sick; mine makes fried-catfish with a side of hot sauce and a little bit of lemon  i feel better already!
run <propmale> run!!!
met some hobos at mcdonald's today; gave them a ride to the library 
"is, as of a week ago, 19!(suddenly his hip breaks, hair falls out, teeth become fake, and he is overcome by the powerful urge to talk about 'the good ol' days)oh no! age!!! dx"
is a snow-ssassin!
if two parents have a beautiful child who grows up to be an artist does that mean they have 'designer-genes'? something to think about 
begins a college career in t-minus:6hrs and is feeling a rather interesting internal cocktail of nervousness & excitement  luckly today is only one <propmale> class at uca 
we've got a diem to carpe!
college is legit 
might be a narcissist 
study fail: every time i try get through a paragraph in my psychology book i start debating with it  dx this will make things most difficult 
"being a freshman in college is kinda like being a grunt in halo; you might not be the most important person on the field, but, if your lucky, you might make it to the end "
"i saw a girl walking around campus with cat ears   kinda p o ed at myself for not getting a <propmale> to meet her  also, saw a dude in a purple body-suit dancing around outside the food court  =_='"
curse you snow for making me miss <propmale>!!! dx (rage)
the highest compliment i can give someone is 'perfect ' note-to-self: learn more compliments 
is it me or does a light dusting of snow on a campus law look kinda like powdered sugar atop funnel cake?
"\if a tree assaults you in a <propmale> and no one is around to arrest it; did a crime really occur?\"" \",2252c89f3d90a4128 laugh adff11bdde769,   awkward   
stalking is the highest form of flattery in some countries   the u s  is not one of those countries 
now be 100% honest with yourself   you put 'being on the price is right' on your bucket-list 
"how do i keep my <propmale> (pastels and charcoals mostly,but my pencil work has st<propmale>ed to do it to) from smudging after i'm done with a piece? help please "
do my eyes deceive me? is that larping i see across campus???
"(sigh) looking in the fridge, nothing to drink   where the mess is that giant talking kool-aid pitcher when you need him? =_='"
"oh! by the way, you  yeah you over there! the one reading this status  your the greatest person on the face of the earth  have a wonderful day "
"missing meals, lack of sleep, and my wallet has started to digest itself  school must be in full swing "
all day staring at the ceiling making friends with shadows on my wall  all night hearing voices telling me that i should get some sleep because tomorrow might be good for something  hold on 
"just sitting here, listening to some tunes, checking my facebook, and drawing the crab nebula for my 2-d design class  because that's how i roll "
i received my first official <propmale> critique today  in all honesty i'm a little shaken up about the whole thing   annoyed 
"\maybe i've been the problem? maybe i'm the <propmale> of rain? and even if i'm over-cast and blame myself the outcome feels  i've been thinking bout everyone; everyone   \"""""
my dog ran away   sad 
why is it that every time it snows we magically run out of ice in the freezer?
if you wanna win give no mercy; if you wanna be a winner be honorable 
"super bowl, chinese buffet, and thriller-glee; not a bad way to start a week   laugh "
does anyone still play live?
vindicated!!!
two snow-days worth of old family movies   'another round of nostalgia on me! hit me!'
'journey' got me into glee  'beiber' got me out  sad really   sad 
love  happy early valentines day  much love 
"why was my facebook <propfemale> set to \english (pirate)\""?"""
sing it for the world 
quick question to anyone who knows of and or likes my <propfemale>: when i add new pics to my <propfemale> does it show up on your news feed?
you know it's a good day when you pay for one drink and the machine gives you two   wink 
watching the food channel when your hungry might fall into the realm of 'self-torture'     but it looks sooo good 
you even have your brain e playful lode with joy? note to self: bottle that feeling and sel   give it away  i think would all use a little heaven 
who has two thumbs and blitzed his philosophy test??? this guy!  laugh 
what's more annoying; a spring in your step or a stone in your shoe?
weird day   kinda like highschool   only weirder   
have you any idea how a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
really? 100% '<propmale>' weatherman??? isn't that a little redundent?
<propmale> class ending early   i know understand why some people don't like the rain    annoyed 
i have 2 tests (holds up two fingers) 2-morrow (holds up two fingers) 
"if there was a buffet of the best things in the world, i would get an extra helping of sleep "
"i'm back where i belong   i've never felt so strong   now i'm feeling like there's nothing i can't try, so if your with me put your hands high "
it feels good to go back to church 
why does the breeze smell like steak???
 smile 
i've never been so happy!  laugh 
'gangsta' - definition: buying a single apple pie of the mcdonald's dollar menu and then paying with a one hundred dollar <propmale> 
support your teachers 
why am i so tired   =_=zzzz
"okay, so i walk into my writing class & about four people were crowing around a boy and a girl locked in a fierce pokemon battle on their dses     i took a sip of my mtn dew to avoid releasing a rude 'lol'   smile "
happy international woman's day!!!
i can't believe i still have the scad pen from studio <propmale> 
"ash wednesday mass: how is one supposed to concentrate seriously on faith when, no joke, like the most adorable 2 year old mexican baby in all of arkansas keeps staring at you, sticking her tongue out, and trying to play with your hair every time you try to kneel and pray? is this a test god because i'm just saying, my serious face can only last so long before i crack a smile and try to make a baby giggle "
"   did i spill ketchup on my hand   \[tastes]\hmm\[once more]\   yep, that is definitely well blended red acrylic   \ playful "
they say you need a couple of bad days to appreciat a good life  (sigh) this is one of those days 
la hacienda & yogurt mountain; friday officially saved 
"if you see the beiber movie, but didn't see the <propfirst> movie, your musical priorities may be called into question  [side-note] save a couple of bucks, pass on source code and see <propfemale> vu again   wink "
"r i p  young sidewalk worm  we hardly knew the, but rest knowing that your ambitious spirit (it died in the middle of the sidewalk) will <propfemale> on till eternity "
our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the tsunami & earthquakes 
more <propmale> classes next semester   sweetness!!!
where can i find a charm bracelet? (hmm) =_=''
"scad pen;\1 surprise 3 a m  friday, march 18, 2011: deceased \loyalty, reliability, and a consistant drive towards excelence untill the bitter end \you shall be missed "
"we all want degrees and successful (and hopefully enjoyable) job, but it’s the smiley-faces on the writing 1 papers that are the true daily triumphs "
\gone fishing for 'zzz' \,2252c89f3d90a4128 laugh adff11bdde769,"i think i want to make mix-tape for my friend, but i'm debating in my mind whether people still use cd's?\(this moment of doubt brought to you by the ipod )"
