88cff26393a01a7087472a9b365923ad
is having problems with random things around the house    the kind of things we keep men with strong arms around for     annoyed 
at least all my tools are in the right order! (thinking i should give into the twitter thing today    no way!!! you will all have to deal with my random thoughts    i am busy busy    and i am actually accomplishing things despite what it might seem     playful  
does not have enough hours in the day to do everything and stay sane 
pretty sure i have the best possible dog in italy    and soon to be japan!!!
'bout to eat <propmale> and cheese    (velveeta!) and watch silent hill for the very first time    debating on whether that is really an excellent idea     playful 
"has no internet, if anyone was wondering  im working it old school at the moment! horay for libraries!!!"
is a confused confused little girl right now 
fabulous fabulous times!!! i love my italy life!!!!!!
"looked at my uniform today, and actually became sad that i was getting out    is that normal? im gonna miss my fabulous friends and my fabulous neighborhood  party house, your days are numbered     sad "
mmmhhmmm     i got it 
says    uhm    meet at party house at 8pm for my going away party    bitches    everyone who is anyone will be there!!    i love you italy and i will miss you dearly!!!!!!!!!
in rockford chicago area    till after sept 22    hit me up 
rawr! i'm a cougar!
and baby when its love if its not rough it isn't fun!
"so, so what, im still a rock <propfemale>, i got my rock moves   "
everywhere i'm looking now    i'm surrounded by your embrace    baby i can see your halo    you know you're my saving grace
"i don't give a *, keep looking at my *, 'cause it don't mean a thing if you're looking at my *, ha, i'ma do my thing while you're playing with your *, ha, ha ha, ha ha ha ha"
"had a blast in <propfirst> town with her bestest friend this weekend! now, finally, it is time for bed  goodnight fb!"
gets more and more frustrated as the days go on   
"in <propfemale>'s secret    \i'm not gonna get anything here  these panties arn't trashy enough for me \"""""
wishes she knew the right steps for every situation 
"'i wanna kiss you, but if i do then i might miss you, babe   '"
is in no way ok 
is sooooo aggravated right now 
is not welcome anymore   
im going to fix this  wish me luck
just added more clocks to my computer so i stop getting confused     annoyed 
happy new year to all my rockford friends and family (and those of you in the same time zone  wink  )!!! hope you rang in the new year in a delightful manner!! love you all!
"\do you know what i was right before i was a <propfemale> fairie? i was a velociraptor! raaahhhh!!!\"""""
"since my half-birthday just past, and i only just now saw all the birthday wishes from my whole-birthday    thank you all! and im sorry i suck at saying thanks or doing much of anything in a timely manner!"
really really really hates spiders    and that was before she realized that most the spiders around her new home are at least 5 times bigger than the spiders she hated in the first damn place!!!!
hates that the world is so big and that teleportation devices have not been made yet 
wasting time    i need to do something productive    meh 
"in the middle of what could be a disastrous hair project  annoyed \ shrug, i can always shave it off again  smile "
"15 years ago my mother passed to wherever it is that lovely spirits go, 2 years ago she decided that her first grand-baby needed to be with her  rest in peace to two of the most important people to have graced me with their presences   love "
8 smile 0pm and im already ready for a nap    grrr     
"i've made it all night, and im attempting the great feat of cake decoration    damn birthdays! (j k <propmale>  playful )"
i am the grouch sauce today 
"so, who wants to pick me up from o'hare uh    this sunday    (june 27th) at 3:15pm?"
lot's to do in two days!
"in rockford, safe and sound   "
miss <propfirst> already! see how good trips can be!?
my free time is filling up quick! message me before i have no more time!
going to sing karaoke with my papa!
"just had lunch and a movie with my grandpa, <propfemale> <propfemale> and my uncle london    thanks guys! i had alot of fun!"
hangin with <propfemale> vich today! sooooooooooo excited!
happy fourth of july everyone!!! stay safe wherever you happen to be!
bout to go watch the fireworks with my papa! happy independance night everyone!
"chilling with <propfemale> shultz saavedra today, and then meeting up with <propfemale> blaesing & <propfirst> blaesing tonight! eventful day ahead of me!"
uploading pics now that im  forced to use my laptop for the next week    hehe
"hummz, sunrise or culvers?"
g'night world   
morning world! lunch with my sister's in a little while! yay!!
going tubing again today! ahaha!!! trying to make up for lost tubing time!
"heading to kryptonite, i think     shrug "
"packing! full day today for my last day in town    pack, tubing,  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> tonight! fly out in the morning!!!"
"leaving for japan, it was nice to get to see those of you i did, and those of you i didnt i will try again next time! talk to you all later!"
"home safe! sorry, it's been a couple days, but    getting used to the fact that my awake hours are in the dark time again  annoyed  that part i hate     smile  love you all!"
going to the pool in the morning with <propfemale> matthews stuprich & <propfemale> ham redfern! soooo excited!  laugh 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer    many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? god bless all of those    fighting cancer and those who have lost the battle      "
    1 hour more till food!? i dont know if i can wait that long    snackity snack snacks   
"had a blast at the pool, but i need to remind myself that okinawa sun is not the same as northern illinois sun    didn't get me too bad though  smile "
"wants someone to make her a teleportation device    c'mon all my electronics-nerd friends, one of you has to have the plan!!!"
"only an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend  if you are an aunt that loves her nieces and nephews, post this as your status!!"
"wow    so it is official that i am sooooo far out of shape  i made it less than 20 <propfemale> into the p90x kempo vid, paused for some water, then had to go sit down for fear of passing out    oh well, almost 20 <propfemale> is a start!"
i think it's nap time  girls night took allot out of me!  smile 
"so <propfirst> decided that he doesnt like <propfemale> <propfirst> based on her being in maxim's top 100 when he doesnt think she should be    have you seen the maxim top 100, they could have trimmed it down to 20 with the girls they put in there    i could easily come up with a top 100 on my friends list that are hotter than the maxim's 100  \boys are dumb "
wishes she had a magic wand    life would be much simpler that way   
"so, i just woke myself up by snort-laughing in my sleep "
just watched return to oz    what a great movie! now im off to bed  g'night  smile 
"i just added about 3 days worth of music to my library    which is about as much as i had before, so now im doubled! \<propfirst> bowie, journey, <propfirst> <propfirst>, bow wow wow, b-52's, the doors    etc  smile "
"if i came with a warning label    what would it say?   be honest \and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you  wink "
"sisterweek!? if you have a sister, biological or from the heart, that has made youlaugh, has made you cry, has prayed for you, has strongly hugged you, has seen you succeed, has seen you fail, has cheered you on and has helped keep you strong, (you know who you are)    repost  love you girls, thanks for always being there  smile "
is frustrated 
"ok, auburn friends    what was our class song? (2002 if you were confused on which class     playful  )"
woo! thunderstorm! i love a good storm to lift me up   smile 
"ok, thunderstorm while sitting here or sleeping    fine, great even (!), but pouring rain!? still    c'mon, i have to start the grill soon!!!"
"sculpting, not = bike riding \ sad "
"to my sisters: i love you all, endlessly \to all the guys who love one of us: we are all a little crazy, and most of the time we are right    but i'm positive that each and every one of us has warned each and every one of you of the two above facts  deal or dont, we still have our sisters  smile "
"outside clean, check \wait for typhoon, check  \am i weird for being excited?  smile "
first wave of rain here     laugh 
"meh, typhoon was pretty unimpressive    i've seen heaver rain on a normal day   \at least we're all safe and sound, just wishing there would have been a little more excitement to see   "
misses her family   cant wait to see everyone later this month!
wishes any one of her sister's were online to talk to  sad 
next week cant come fast enough    cant wait to celebrate the last of the 21st birthdays of us kids!
12 hours till i start my journey back to <propfemale>  smile 
see you soon <propfemale> friends and family!
"in rockford, who wants to see me!?  playful "
"saw my cousing zar veitch tonight for the first time in 15 years    rockford (area) bars suck! lol, i had fun though  smile  happy birthday girl!"
"bleh, sunday in the states means i have to watch crap football   "
"i'm not afraid of muslims  tea partiers  socialists  imigrants  gun owners  gays, but i am kinda scared of spiders! - gotta love <propfirst> <propmale> "
"are any of you trying to call me from <propmale> park, illinois!? my parents keep forgetting to take an actual message    all i know is it's \some lady\"""""
"lol, after 6 years in the military and basically being only known by my ssn, today i toatally spaced on it at the bank    how funny!"
anyone in rockford recommend the manor night club out by shogun?
"chill night bowling, sounds better to me!  laugh "
get to see my love today!!!
 smile  in relaxing idaho  i always forget how much i love it here   
we just bought pretentious e-cigarettes from a pretentious man in the mall  hopefully our normally un-pretentious nature will counteract the nature of the product   wink 
"i am free, no matter what rules surround me  if i find them tolerable, i tolerate them; if i find them too obnoxious, i break them  i am free because i know that i alone am morally responsible for everything i do    ~robert a  heinlein"
"<propfemale> shultz saavedra, <propfirst> n  shultz, <propfemale> scalise are we still planning to go der rathskeller before i leave? lemme know if you all are up to it "
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes, sorry i didn't get back sooner, traveling days stink! but <propfirst> and i are safely back in okinawa as of about 2 hours ago! rockford and idaho family and friends, i miss you already "
"i love being an aunt! yesterday my niece phia told me a story all about how a tiger chased her to my parents house, and she ran really fast to get away and then locked it outside the house!"
"so apparently we are in tccor 2 which means a typhoon may blow this way in about a day, even though the japanese meteorological agency has mapped the typhoon to miss us    lucky for <propfirst> his typhoon watch coincides with his work schedule   "
 sad  <propfirst> got called into his watch after only 2 hours of being home    guess i will be going it alone for the next 24 hours   
typhoon is past us    we're alive and well so no one worry   
really wish my internet would start working    grrrrrrrr
"19 more days like today? feeling like an intruder in your own home is stressful, but when it is done, hopefully we will have cozy winters, cool summers, and not have to listen to the neighbor dog while we try to sleep  smile "
"mmmm, sleepy    g'night world    zzzzzzzzzzzzz"
a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 6 months if they're lucky  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify    extra rations  a politician vows to defend their country; a soldier actually keeps that promise  re-post if you appreciate our military
"i really like the smell of freshly sawed wood    mmm, delish!!"
"had a delicious dinner at <propfemale> matthews stuprich's house last night to celebrate <propfirst> j  rodriguez getting his dd214!!! sad to see him and <propfemale> rodriguez leaving our <propfemale> island, but excited for what new roads lay ahead for\them!! congrats and good luck you two!! you will be missed "
"for the fourth time in my fourteen months in japan, tonight, i had sushi     thank you to <propfemale> matthews stuprich and her hubby for taking me!!"
"can anyone e playful lain to me why when replacing doors and windows in a home, the contractors would wait until after they put in the frames to stain them?!"
"to all my active duty prior service military friends -- step up and be recognized! change your profile pic to a shot of you in uniform and keep it there until after veteran's day  if you're not a vet, thank a vet!"
"i am so sick of hearing people blame their lot in life on situations other than themselves  if you find yourself in a place you do not want to be, look back, take reflection on the choices you made that led you there, and turn yourself to the direction you wish to go! no one can make your life worth living but you! take solace in that revelation and take the first step in your life "
rain    rain    go away     come back when i'm supposed to be sleeping or something   
it would be lovely to have my own wheels   
doing my best to put my home back together in some organized fashion  im done with the mess 
"please\put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone\who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and can\breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they\have already been eaten by dragons  of the 7% remaining, 6% of people\are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, while the\remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this "
the working crew for my house is almost done! so excited so i can work on some organization decorating ideas to make this house a little more like a home  smile 
"had a fun night out at <propmale> bar with some fun people, couple old friends, couple new friends, good times had by all  smile "
"i made a list for the entire month, that i will post on thanksgiving, but today i am thankful that my dad called me after the family celebration for thanksgiving so i was able to see and talk to two of my sisters, <propfemale> <propmale> & <propfemale> <propmale>  it was nice seeing you girls!!!  love  you!"
rockford area friends and family    take a head count and let me know you're all ok 
"today i am thankful that no one was hurt in the tornado that swept through  miss and love my family and friends, and so very glad you are all ok "
right now i am thankful that the internet decided to come back on without making a special trip to the internet office    time for bed 
sometimes i wish there were two of me so i would have someone to bounce my crazy off of   
"i just rearranged my entire living room on my own    and i dont think i like it    luckily it was 50% the man's idea, so maybe i can get him to help me put it back    stupid entertainment center   "
got allot done today    now it is time for sleeping   
putting up decorations    my house is unrecognizable to me right now    and i realized last night    if i had the same amount of decorations for any other holiday season as i do for december    lol!! i would need a whole extra room in my house     laugh   laugh   laugh 
it's a jägerbomb at the house kinda night  wink 
so many good things happening in my life right now 
"i\was grrsome the other day when i thought my silver and white ornaments\were discolored, was about to throw them in the trash    then steven\came along, he opened the package they were in and showed me that it\was the packaging that was discolored, not the ornaments    now my\tree looks complete  smile  ?"
"warning!!\please read: if someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove\your clothes and dance with your arms in the air, do not do this  it is\a scam  they just want to see you naked  please copy and paste this to\your status  i wish i had received this yesterday  i feel so silly now     wink "
woah! it's 49 degrees    winter on the island is here!  wink 
where was i when freaks and geeks first came out   ?
"can anyone help me out? wasn't there a little house on the prairie christmas movie? it's the one where <propfemale> wants the dress in the shop, and she was going to save her money for that, but instead she buys her mom a washer    maybe it was only an episode, but i remember it being longer somehow    someone help me out   "
just got home from getting married!  smile  thank you to <propfemale> matthews stuprich and her hubbie for being our witnesses and taking us out for post marriage lunch!
"grocery shopping, pick up wedding certificate, holiday dinner for hubby's work at one of my favorite places!! it will be a good day!!"
"finally off to bed, since i was tired 3 hours ago    me and my tree obsession!!!  smile "
"i'm convinced that arts and crafts were created by orthopedic surgeons so they can reap the benefits of all of us developing carpal tunnel   \and what is the point of giving you a stencil and a piece of paper to achieve the final outcome? cant they just save that stencil paper and give you the cutouts of the pretty sheet to begin with?"
"about to go to a craft show with <propfemale> matthews stuprich, here's hoping we find wonderful things  smile "
"cleaning and organizing    when, oh when, will i get to my <propmale> projects!?"
!!! yea!!! winter solstice and a full lunar eclipse!!! what a wonderful day!
"crimany    i know i put this stuff up for free, but it is amazing how fast people contact you for free furniture!"
"to my sisters  if you have recent photos of the kids, i would love one    i can even send you dollars for em  wink "
"so, it is the <propfemale> of the christian holiday    it is 68 lovely <propfemale> degrees, and i am going to go shopping with <propfemale> matthews stuprich who is supposed to be giving birth today!!! barring my family being here too, couldnt ask for a better day  wink "
"friends and family around the globe, have a happy happy holiday!!! be safe and share lots of love!\hugs to you all!!!"
"dear sun    please come out soon, thanks "
"thank you sun! for making an apearance late afternoon yesterday, and for showing those clouds who's boss today   love "
going to a heated indoors mineral pool with <propfemale> matthews stuprich for some relaxation    and hopefully to start up her contractions so we can finally meet miss fi!!!
just watched <propfemale> for the first time in my entire life    anyone else think the mothers death scene was a little over-dramatic!!??? goodness   
happy new year!!!! hope yours is more exciting than mine!!!  wink 
a japanese man just delivered us 3 jello shots to our door for 600yen  laugh 
sorry about the many posts    stupid truths thing   
"decorations down! the holidays are officially over! getting close to beach time here in oki  wink  don't hate me, hehehe "
"watching jesus christ superstar  ( love  this movie!!) thanks oh so much to my papa, <propfirst> <propmale> for preforming in this play when i was young so i didn't miss out on this like i have so many other greats!"
"hopefully getting my id card tomorrow so no more passes for me!! in other news, everyone wish me luck that my paint doesnt dry for my projects im working on    dont really feel like re-mixing paint tomorrow  smile "
