c70183631d880c61d182dd943eae1eb7
"i know who i am and who i`m gonna be, and i swear on my life i`ll never be you "
"[im not holding my tongue for you anymore, i will scream so loud til i drown you out] i hate how people think its okay to lie  i do not need it in my life!"
"im tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin deep  thats deep enough  what do you want, an adorable pancreas?! ( smile "
"yesterday is but today`s memory and tomorrow is today`s dream  \*sammi  smile "
"that was the most ive smiled laughed in    ha well a long time  smile  great day, and its a beautiful night"
spent the last 3 days with my babe  woke up at 4:15 to see him off to work and havent been back to sleep 
gluttony is excess eating or drinking  so fat people are a sin    seriously?
"me-it is possible to become so caught up in a pleasure, whether food or fun, that we can no longer enjoy other things\<propfirst>- obviously they've never had reese's puffs!"
~homeless go without eating    elderly go without needed medicines    mentally ill go without treatment    troops go without the proper equipment   yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first!!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to re-post this      will you?
"i know what i want, and it's you <propfemale>  you're absolutely amazing to me, and i wouldn't have you any other way "
"1 of every 10 people born are gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority and so much more     all for something they didn't ask for  gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping if you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them   copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will "
"~we can all use some money   right! sorry everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, will be without money  i cannot let that person be    me!"
"if you want the rainbow, you must put up with the rain   love "
ryan: <propfemale> palin would never be anything if she didnt run for assistant president  me: you mean vice president?  hahahaha
"there aint no reason things are this way, its how theyve always been and they intend to stay"
"~ change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  \the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december \6th  *join the fight against child abuse!!*  copy & paste this to your status & invite your friends to do the same "
"you say you dont like liars, backstabbers, or two-faced people    so i guess you dont like yourself, hypocrite "
"*on pawn stars, seller talking* \i need to sell these <propfirst> mouse phones cuz my gf is moving in and i need to make room for her shoes\"" hahahaha"""
people who choose to do customer service work either need to learn <propfemale> or learn to deal cuz they chose to work there!!!! idiots
is anything ever good enough for anyone anymore?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
"go ahead and try all ur little slutty games and see who comes out a winner cuz i will guarantee it wont be you  try and take away my happiness, and ill make your life a living hell  watch me do it with no regrets!"
"please pray for my brothers` little sister, grace  shes got stomach cancer but don`t know what stage   "
anyone want a cat?  annoyed 
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour  if you or someone you love has or had cancer  our prayer is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for one hour?
im gonna be selling avon so anyone who would like a brochure hit me up and ill be glad to hook you up!
"if anyone is interested in avon products, let me know "
selling avon! currently on campaign 3  anyone wanna take a look at the brochure?
