f54cd3392a81aa435243d63b418d5d44
"i was going to put this right after the ball dropped, but then i realized that i would probably forget to   so screw it  happy new year!!!  laugh "
   wow   can't believe that our first field show is in two days!!  laugh 
should i be excited we have another show this week? not feeling up to it   
made the worst pumpkin seed brittle ever   made me gag a little   
"shouldnt leave his facebook open when he goes to school so when his brother gets on the computer he can mess with my status   laugh \ps  <propmale> you suck  lol"
21 days left until wba championships at fresno!!  laugh 
is learning how to play the oboe??
20 days until fresno!!
first day of november!! you know what that means    19 days left!!  smile 
17 days left until fresno! i feel like such a nerd  smile 
shredding on the oboe makes me forget about people i hate  it's like magic     smile 
i never i thought i'd actually be glad marching season is almost over   
"it's finally over! i don't care about the bad placing, cuz i'm used to it after this season   but seriously, if i got one thing out of band, even after our worsening scores of our shows throughout the years, it's the amazing friends  that's right   you know who you guys are  you made it great, fun, and best of all, tolerable and we followed it through to the end  thanks for being there for me this entire season!  smile "
"i like how the \director\"" is trying to be all nice to me after what happened friday    it's actually kinda funny  smile """
wow   just watched <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world   best movie ever!  smile 
"woke up today, and remembered i should be competing in wba championships right now     sad "
"i really want to <propfemale> out with people over break  need to have fun like, right now, especially since the huge disappointment of this weekend   "
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!  smile 
i just realized something   being sick sucks really bad     sad 
just finished an extremely ghetto mousetrap car  it only took me an hour     smile 
last day playing oboe!! about time     smile 
"yay, no more squawking sounds!! it's horn time!  smile "
hey big boy    well tonight was fun!  smile 
disneyland tomorrow!! woot woot  smile 
one more day and i am done with physics!!  smile 
i got a violin for christmas!!!  laugh 
i'm so sore   been playing with the new kinect on my xbox  smile 
"i don't know why, but i can't wait for school to start again  there must be something wrong with me     smile "
<propmale> out with my best friend <propfemale> and made lemon cookies!!  laugh 
doing stuff on my new laptop!!!  smile 
"i'm pretty sure i'm ready for that ap calc test tomorrow, i better be, i've been studying for a while   "
just finished typing my awful italian sonnet  typing it makes seem not as bad somehow   
so death exists because satan had sex with his headbaby? and hell-hounds were created because sin was raped by the resulting baby? <propfirst> <propmale> must've been on drugs   
i feel stupid  i really need it to be tomorrow right now   
trying to find a theme for my allegorical skit due friday   this whole project is stupid   
one step beyond!!
"trying to find elementary school friends on here, but i just can't remember who they were   "
ready for the long-awaited minimum day tomorrow!!  smile 
take that take-home physics test!! hurray for the internet!!  laugh 
"here <propmale>, you can practice the oboe during lunch  and don't forget to buy an e playful ensive <propmale> that you don't even get to use because i forgot to tell you the oboe is broken   "
"so i guess everyone mistakes me for a freshman, but i'm not young and short anymore      smile "
"just looked at my freshman yearbook   i do look the same now like i did three years ago, just taller   sad "
so much for my a in physics   
make sure you check out the supermoon tonight! largest it has been in 18 years!  smile 
spending my spring break studying for the ap calculus test     smile 
driving test in two days!!  smile 
just passed my driver's test!!! now i'm on my way to stater bros    
