e8b7958a42b6549bc8c07464332028fb
me and baby <propfemale> are waitin for the countdown    all i want to do is sleep lol  my partying days are over till i'm 40 yuck
watching titanic  so sad
watchin v now  cant make up my mind
i need to update everything on here   im very very new on facebook   
diregard these profile songs for now im trying to figure this out
aha i got a music video playlist!!!!   progress
go to my music now!!!! aaahhhhhhh
      i dont know how to keep this video       sad 
oh hay i got it on my videos!! sweeet
little <propfemale> just got her shots today  sad    shes a trooper though
haha everyone keeps calling my <propfemale> weda  lol   shes mexican native american [navajo]
haha im turning facebook into myspace lol
i hate <propfemale> days its so much harder to push a stroller
haha the baby laughs at these videos
yeah its easier to talk to people but my favorite thing was to customize it and here u cant do that   
i'm gonna go costume hunting for lydia   what should she be for halloween?
has anyone tried bellpepper and egg? its really good
sing
i just watched the movie carriers  its so sad  
i've actually learned some <propmale> so far  smile  im psyched!!
awwww the baby had so much fun at the playground today   i wish i had my camera   
i love watching my videos of the baby everytime im on here   se's such a goofball  haha
"i guess theres gonna be a festival called a taste of <propfirst> hill on saturday and sunday which i think the baby would looove    \who's coming with me\"" lol"""
hot dam summer in the city   lol       it was soooooo fun today!! ^ ^  <propfemale> had so much fun  yayyy
i'm going to the festival again in 2 hours    should i put the baby in a dress or onesie?????
another lovely day     it was nice running into <propfirst> ?:-bd? ­­ ?
watching amazing race now gotta go ?\\m ?  ?
this chick has to use a watermelon in a sling shot and it backfires and breaks on her face!!  ouch?8-[? ­ ?
haha i love these little cartoons lol?>^ ^<? ­?
new sketch me app   reminds me of the one at <propmale> e cheese?
?
aha i flee from the language teaching site when someone wants to talk to me lol  i'm not ready to video chat just yet noooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!  ?
ahhhh busy busy day      it rained a little bit in gilroy today   luckily i brought an umbrella  a pink at that lol   i need to get a new one ?
click on the lamb   do it now!!!!!!!!!!!  lol?
paranormal is a muffed up movie   i thought it was about ghosts not demons     ?:-?? ­­ ?
haha case 39 is hela funny    ?
i want to cut lydias hair again    but how short this time i'm not sure yet  hmmmmmm     what do you think??
i never watched so much disney in my life lol   i've changed so much since i had <propfemale>
<propfemale> with my dad http annoyed  lnk ms fnb4d
this ones my fav http annoyed  lnk ms 87lxb
wake up! http annoyed  lnk ms 5p62b
this sounds sick  just like the original!! http annoyed  lnk ms 50qtk
subscribed to vkgoeswild http annoyed  lnk ms 1s6hl
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms frym3
subscribed to beaugiles http annoyed  lnk ms d6tlw
subscribed to goodnightnurse http annoyed  lnk ms d6txt
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms frzgz
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms d6ykg
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms d6ylq
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fs3bx
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fs3hf
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fs3tf
^ ^
s>o>s    need bigger clan for nightfall bloodlines!!!!!
haha i can relate to most of this  http annoyed  lnk ms 7805q
brings back memmories http annoyed  lnk ms 0lb2v
sublime is one of a kind http annoyed  lnk ms fvkfm
ugh! sometimes i feel like shaving my hair  seriously   i've never had my hair sooooo long before?
"safe trick or treat\when: sunday, october 31 (5 -7 smile 0 pm)\where: monterey rd  between main st and dunne ave \what: a downtown <propfirst> hill tradition! safe trick or treat provides a fun and safe environment for <propfirst> hill’s children and families to e playful erience halloween                           thats where were going!!  smile "
and this is what she's wearing! its shipping as we speak http annoyed  lnk ms dddcg
http annoyed  apps facebook com superherocity pages battle_replay php?battle=412518994 i lost but he had cool powers
saw the movie red  it was hela funny!!?
watching <propfemale> on kofy rt now
add me on mobsters
is getting gangsta with <propfirst> steed via photobuzz! http annoyed  lnk ms bh8ph}
is showing some love to their friends via photobuzz  have you sent a buzz yet? http annoyed  lnk ms bh8ph}
my dads so mean lol he asks me how to say ugly andfat in <propmale> and after i tell him he starts calling me it   im gonna stop teaching him <propmale>?
guten morgen !  made some eggs hashbrowns for my little one ^ ^
aha! i just barely checked the mail now and lydias costume finally came whooooooooooooooooo!
i just barely finished kindom hearts 2   i'm glad there's a happy ending there   wonder what part 3 is about?
it is a beautful day for a stroll   lydia and i love this weather?
my limewire finally went kaput  i guess they are shutting down  sad 
"i'm thinkin it's my turn to get a haircut today, only there wont be a movie like lydias about it lol"
i cut my hair  i love it   hated having long hair cause my hair was too thick   they actually donated my leftovers  it was that much lol?
i'm so embarrd  i can't figure out how to put on this makeup ]:-\\
you should watch my soul to take  very good  love it
im watching <propfemale> degeneres  the halloween episode is sooo funny  ?
gotta see this http annoyed  lnk ms dsttf
i'm gonna watch <propfemale> again haha?
"do you remember your very first date?  mine was go carts in <propmale>, it was fun   but at the time i didn't know it was a date lol i thought we just hangin out  i'm so clueless when it comes to others ?"
am i the only one who votes for the villains in movies????
i keep eating thehalloween chocolate and having to buy some more
<propfemale> i hate dark chocolate?
"i'm in the process in making another slideshow movie  smile  hope you enjoy!!!!?\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zk laugh m14341us"
halloween was footballs lucky day!! raiderz and ninerz won whoooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i was wondering what kind of natural disaster i am and got this http annoyed  lnk ms g7gwk
i love watching the show baggage    knowing the guys background versus finding out at the worst time ever
"what natural disaster are you?you scored as <propmale> fire you are like a <propmale> fire  you are quick to burn through things- phases, people, or money  you have a short attention span  maybe you have add <propmale> fire 100%    volcano 67% tornado 61% earthquake 45% tsunami 45% hurricane 39%?"
watching baggage    cant get enough of it
i wonder whose gonna win the raiderz?i switched it to spongebob for the baby lol
goodnite
ouch!!!!!! the baby keeps biting me lol  her teething is so random
the baby loves tosh o
pshych i'm single
anyone here wanna tattoo me?
i'm in quiz mode
"if you went insane the type of behavior you would show is laughter  you would be the person laughing at death, and your own pain  the only way to get laughter insanity, is to have every last bit of your hope stolen before your eyes, and you reacting with a smile  laughter insanity is shown in many different ways  all around it means laughing at the odd, cofusing, painful, and problmes of yourself and others "
can't  wait!!!  urjah faber!! wec!! tonightat 6!!! go faber!!
aw man really good fights so far on versus
whew <propmale> mendez is on fire!
dam i didnt know faber was going for bantamweight  hes so skinny
whoooooooo faber wins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
watching flatliners i totally forgot about this movie!!
ahhhhshowring at night feels soooo goood
there gonna show battlefield earth right now! i love that movie!!  smile 
good morning!!!
lil <propfirst> makes me laugh every time i see his videos  i dont know why he's funny to me
aha i have the best news ever!! but i cant say yet lol   sooo excited!!!
want to see black swan in december  don't know who to see it with hmmm   
they gave me a scholarship for an <propmale> school but i dont have the money fo it quite yet  sad   but after the holidays i can make payments so hopefully this wil happen then    
just changed my number   i dont think i've had the same number for more than a year
watching dont mess with zohan  sooo funny aha
aaawww  nooo!!   sad   i just realized i let someone borrow my belt and now i'll never get it back  sad    it hs a seatbelt buckle in the front  it was my fav nooooo!!!
if you haven't watched shutter island yet you should watch it now   seriously  its a trip
theres alot of stuff i did that i didnt notice before until the baby showed me by copying me lol  just the little stuff going ahhhh after drinking soda  i here her in the backgroung going ahhh lol
"i'm all rock now but back then i listened  to alot of rap  my fav were\ three 6 mafia - sippin on some syrup,bone thugs of harmony,andre nickatina  not sure if thats how u spell it    but yeah who would have known lol"
watching mars attack  forgot about this movie  smile 
gonna go to target soon  hope there are some things left from black friday
"ha! so today after target i let the baby go crazy at petco roaming around, looking for animals, and the cashier comes up to <propfemale> and starts dancing lol  the baby was gettin down  with her ha!  she had fun  smile "
going to sanjose tomorrow to take christmas pics of the baby  smile 
i tried to trim the babys hair and cut alittle more then i wanted to lol it looks ok still but my da is all mad haha
the 30 sec to mars video hurricane is freaky lol
"watchin music videos and i have to say i don't really care for <propfemale> spears, but dam she has some hot guys dancin in the backround there lol  wink "
just got back   so  tired   lol    the pics came out soooo beautiful    smile 
i guess i'll try out the cartoon profile pic thing untill i get another pic of the <propfemale> updated
i put up some xmas lights and well    lets just say luckily no one can see them from outside
gotta go christmas shopping    need a ride through this rain yo
i love being awake in the moring    don't know what i'm gonna do today quite yet
the babys just sittin here with me watching music videos on the computer  smile  aww
makin xmas cards  give me your addy if u want one  smile 
gonna watch black swan tomorrow hopefully    laugh 
got the babys gifts  and my pops  good to go lol   gonna watch a movie tonight  smile 
dam  just checked the showtimes for blackswan and its not anywhere to be found  i'm all bummed out   sad 
"i do love the rain, but i can't take the baby out   sad     i have the music on blast and watching the baby boogie down aha"
"alright, how embarassing, i thought black swan was already out,apparently not till friday sooo  gonna try an watch it on 6 dollar tuesdays over heya in mh lol  wink "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mmmmm pistacios  smile 
the weather report says <propfemale> skies  yet its cloudy as f!@#
i don't know what the names of the theatres in san <propfirst> are to search for black swan   hmm  
"just watched the movie \the american\"" with  <propfirst> clooney  i love the location beautiful landscape     its a really beautiful story  kinda sad though      """
gonna check ibt school in <propfemale> <propfemale> thursday   see how that goes  smile 
i found a few of my battle buddies on myspace   most of them are in afghanistan  miss those guys
sooooo  tired  --- surprise ----zzzzzzzzzzzz
duck season
its official  im going towards becoming an electrician  gonna start ibt on monday   
wrappin presents at 6 in the morning so bored right now
my schedule monday is 5-10pm  night owl status  i'm lovng it  smile 
its pourin down right now  this will be a challenge walking to the buses in <propfemale> <propfemale> wink *
"how will i die?\your result: you will die while having sex \ your last moments in this life will be enjoyable indeed   hopefully  do not fear sex  try not to become celibate as a way of escaping death  you cannot run from <propfemale> "
watching law & order svu    i like this ca better than the others
so today ima head off to ibt  and hopefully will hustle to make the last bus and not get  stranded       
at ibt now  got here kinda early  alittle bored lol
watching american gladiators  i love this show  smile 
my dads in the hospital   sad  it sucks cause he won't be out till    maybe monday  not even sure then  soo    i was gonna jus let the baby open one present on saturday then wait till he comes home    
im puttin up videos that cheer me up  smile 
i  myself a gift  th sims 3 baby! lol  got the last one on sale whooo!
i actually feel aot better visiting my pops   i was jus worried about his condition but he looks much better and says he feels better  what a relief!!!   love *
does one really need a man? i am starting to think so    need a companian   kiss 
man i can't wait till the x games come around again!! there is nothing on tv lately   gotta wait till august aaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!
doin laundry  ha the baby gets a kick watchin the dryer lol
"2011 is great for comics    captain <propfemale>, green lantern, and thor? hell yeah"
i love life!  been through some rough stages once before  now i got my dearest love right next to me  my first born  lydia
watchin <propfemale> trek then gonna go to sleep  visit my pops in the morning
earthquake!! while riding on the bus
went to visit my pops today  he looks much better and should be out by monday  smile 
"man   i went to the place where my <propfemale> is gonna be staying at while i am at school  they gave me a stack of paperwork to do  wfew! man alive thats alot lol  but its worth it   i also took a tour there the baby wanted to stay   haha shes all see ya mom, peace!"
fewwwwww      just finished cleaning my dads room for tomorrows arrival and man is he a pack rat    i found the most random things lol =p
i love i love i love
toda was a beautiful day  the baby saw her first green lady bug   my favorite kinda color
"man, i overslept"
i love 2011 so far  everything has been going smoothly
gonna finish some paperwork in <propfemale> clara  just 2 1 2 hours away while transfering 3 different buses  yyaaayyyyy   annoyed 
going car shoppin tomorrow  wish me luck into not getting a lemon haha
just watched bureied  don't watch it!! its fuckin sad i cant believe someone would make such a movie  sad 
hopefully i'll get a decent car tomorrow!! if not i'm goin with that old-school bmw      hmmmmmmmm  annoyed 
gonna see black swan today  finally lol  with my evil sister
just saw black swan     the ending was great  but the rest of it before was just her trying to get laid  haha  i thinks its more of a dark comedy really  i was laughing through most of it    than again i have a dark sense of humor lol
got my first car!! woot woot! lol  no more going to school using 3 different busses yo!  smile 
"dam!  my sister is like a fuckin tornado!! she raids my fridge, gets into my stuff, and takes off    wtf!!"
its dress season for <propfemale>!! she looks sooo cute all dressed up =>
its so cute seein the baby sleeping in the carseat ^ ^
i can finally put the babys hair up  it looks like a little palm tree
i can see in the rear view mirror-the babys little palm tree shakin back and forth to the music lol
"if it rains tomorrow  thats gonna suck ,lol   "
just watched saw the final chapter   the ending is hella funny yo  ahaha   =-p
ooooooooh what they do to the drunken sailor     
i named my car sweetheart
"went to <propmale> e cheese, then shopping for baby clothes  wheeeew!!!  busy day  smile "
watching broken arrow   love this movie!!!!!
super bowl sunday sunday sunday      i predict the steelers will win 35-30?
finally gonna start school tomorrow    morning classes  sad  yaayyyy   lets see how it turns out
half time was lame black eyed peas are sellouts
the glowing dancers were aight
oh snap slash is back
fergie sounds like a dude yo
haha the baby is mesmerized by the music   as long as shes entertained       
eh
its not over yet?
gotta wake up at 5 smile 0 am tomorrowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww*+-
i had the nicest dream       
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
just had a mini orgasm eating these chocolate covered strawberries lol
anyone got twitter? just made one now
back then i told myself i never wanted kids  now that i have one i'm like:  where have you been my whole life!!!!!
"oh man  the baby feels better, but now i'm sick"
i forgot it was valentines day  luckily i already bought an i love u froggy  balloon saturday  smile 
gonna take a sick day off tomorrow  hope we feel better by wednsday
aaahhhhh so sick    sad   still gotta go to <propfemale> <propfemale> or school tomorrowwwwww nooooooooooooo
hate is such a strong word  along with love
got a's n my test on quiz   woot woot!     got a bunch of equations stuck in my head now lol
i'm thinking of getting a goldfish for the baby   
gonna watch let me in   hope its good
"<propmale> <propfirst> can throw punches, but why can't any of them get a knock out? just racken up points?"
i'm not sure what to do this friday?  should i take the baby to the discovery museum? or to happy hollow park? hmmmmm                
i ordered a <propfemale> trek (spock) bobble head for xmas lol and it barely came today
my dad said its snowing in gilroy  say wha????
just finished the test today!   aced it
guten nacht und schlafen gut
i always forget about certain holidays like fathers day   soooo im taking him out to lunch today  im bringing my evil sis with me cause my pops wants all the fam to be there   lets hope she doesnt drive us crazy lol
i just made the best compilation ever!!!
good morning!  dunno what to do today hmmmmm    
just came back from happy hollow!!!!!! the baby had sooo much fun  smile 
time for <propfemale>'s
gonna watch unknown with my evil sis  probly gonna be like taken which was hella good  soo should be good
so tired    
that stupid fish keeps flaring his scales at me   better be nice to me or your going down the toilet
i don't wanna go to sleep cause then when i wake up i gotta go to school   wua wua
just watched jackass 3  fuckin hella funny yo!  highly recommended lol
got another test tomorrow on phases  wish me luck  smile 
todays my friday =>
watchin i love <propfemale>
fuckin got lost in hayward  barely made it back  gotta get ready for school at 5 fuckin thrity aahhh
eating some chips   original yum  smile 
"i watched knocked up yesterday, now i'm watchin baby's mama lol"
"i hate dropping the baby at daycare  she likes it ,but i still don't like it"
everyone's a critic whoops  i mean hypocrite lol
"another test tomorrow, then the big finale on monday,,,ahhh no time for rest   must   stay   awake  "
"i read in my people magazine that when <propfirst> bieber cut his hair --50,000-70,000 twitter peeps stop following      stupid kids lol"
just took the baby a bath and put her to mimis   aced the test so can stay up late tonight  smile 
the baby is sick again wtf?!
i've been putting chips in my sandwich lately for that crunchy effect  yum
i love the new asshole <propfemale> on jersey shore lol
happy saint pattins day yo!   feelin mighty good aha!
"i know your not gonna like it, but i'm thinking of cutting lydias hair maybe next month   mine too  smile "
watching the movie <propmale> on vh1    funny stuff
can't wait to move the hell outta here next year
watching mercury rising    why don't i own this movie????
cut the babys hair  i can see her beautiful face now!  smile 
