6db5f773165a23b650558f574ecfe94f
good morning 
going to the movies to see night at the muesem battle of the smithsonions 
is messimg around with a measureing tape
is very bored
is very excited
i'm whatching phantom of the opera for the fifth time in three days 
happy 4th of july
just got back from lauras church 
i'm sick and i don't like it
i'm bored out of my mind
is very upset
milk duds are awsome
my fingers hurt imensely
just got back from fishin
i'm bored already and the weekend just started
just finnished mowing
had to take nightquill and it tasted horriable
is practacing sounding like darth vader on my breathing machine
is sick and has a fever
droped a tray of glass jars at my grandmas house and the pickles jar broke and glass was every where
spent 4 hours at the parma woods shooting range today it was awsome!!
parade tonight!!!!!
got called sir in jr  gaurd
i'm bored out of my mind
both parents are sick
just got home from grandmas party realy tired and took care of a bunch of kids for like 9 hours i'm going to bed if i don't drop dead before i get there
me and daddy e playful erimented with fire for my science poject   joyful  so much fun!!!!! i love fire 
havein an asthma attack can't breath need to calm down
"just remember he's a good time, cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine he looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy-coated misery he's a devil in disguise, a snake with blue eyes and he only comes out at night gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight you better run for your life"
confused police legands and mcdonalds had a great time
so bored
thanks you to all those who have served in the past and to those who serve now
finished makeing my clock today it's cool
is just a little bit insane tonight  surprise 
   ---    shiny object sindrome
got accepted in to district honor band so excited
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!"
just whatched bed knobs and broomsticks  i love old disney movies!!!
hates it when songs that we've learned in band come over the radio and i find my fingers moveing to the fingerings
and i said daddy i'm so afraid  how can i go on with you gone that way? don't wanna cry anymore so can i stay with you? and he said  thats my job  thats what i do  everything i do is because of you to keep you safe with me  thats my job you see 
how much snow is there in leavenworth? am i missing much?
back home now on the way we stop at lambert and got rolls thrown at us it was fun and the food was awesome
realy bored
i don't feel so great not looking forward to the chaos of tomarrow
went sledding at the realy steep hill in lansing across from associates and family health care and dislocated my middle finger and hurt my leg  owwww
macaroni and cheese with hot dogs!!!!! yum
realy bored and sick ugh
i love it when people say thier special because then i can say <propmale> 
i realy hope i can go to school tomarrow
can't go to school tomarrow feeling horid
went to the doctor results were not so good
i can't go to school at all the rest of this week
"i forgot for a little bit from bein sick and all but that is an awesome book <propfirst>, had to do it just for you <propfemale>"
"show the world that more of us support our troops then don't! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it for an hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
steives go to be gone i'm free yayyyyyyy!!!!!!
i love days like today they make me happy  smile 
theres a light at the end of the tunnle    it's a train
first game sucked so bad the best catch for <propmale> was made by a band member  it was sad 
really tired didn't sleep well last night and has been workin all day
i feel really bad because i fell asleep a lot dering the serman and dad kept pokeing me and waking me up but i just fell back asleep
ankles all swollen from where i accidentaly kicked the edge of the pool but had a great time anyway
lost in thought the outside worlds become a hum for the last few days if someone would come find and bring me back that would be great
i was writeing my speech and somehow ended up on facebook
bored so very bored
please help me i've lost my marbles and i can't find them
i love pink lemonade it's awesome
today was awesome i spent most the day outside playing i love spring weather
i am very very angery and sick and tired of ppl makeing incompitant comebacks and smart alic remarks  if your doing something whether you want to or not you should do the best you can not sloutch off and make other ppls lifes misserable 
makein fun of my new puppy because he's sniffing at everything
regatta tomarrow pretty sure our boats going to sink before it starts
ahhhh time is passing so slowly
<propfemale> hives are awesome  them flyin around your heads kinda wierd though 
rooms finaly almost done just got some touch up painting and some trim to put up and my room can go back to normal
soaked really wet outside  went and checked the roads most had standing water   sad 
my dog baby chased a dear out of our yard  glad the dear didn't attack her  it was pretty funny though especially since baby was smaller then it's head 
"played in the water today when it flooded  my bro, cusins and me splashed and skimmed  through the water like penguins  we ran and tryed to push each other over  i fell over a couple times  one of those times everyone sat on me so i couldn't get up  it was still fun though  smile "
i got my dune buggie it doesn't work yet but it's green and sparkley!!!!!!
raider night was awesome had a lot of fun can't wait for repeal night!!!!! go jrotc!!!
don't txt me my phone is mia
txt away my phone is back!
too much homework my brains overloaded
fixed the computer today for the first time!! i still don't know how to do anything on it but it was still fun  like a big puzzle you stick random cords in the outlet things intell the little green light turns on 
i get to go to school tomarow whoopty doo
sorry to everyone who got a truth game thingy post i have no idea whats going on
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
just keep swimming just keep swi    shiny!!!
had a really fun time at rifle practice today  smile  dulchinos and and me got to shoot against our dads who used to shoot together in high school and we didn't do too bad  not so excited for my surgery tomarrow 
at the hospital my surgery ended around one but i woke up for the second time about 30 minutes ago  i'm in a lot of pain 
i'm home from the hospital
anybody know if rotc is flooded?
i really love <propfemale> <propmale> she is an awesome friend!
best day ever  i spent the whole day reading two very awesome books while my most of my family hybernated all except dad who has to drive a snow plow 
