5f5c22a5f7b027e044386cb798fa53a4
got woke up by incoming mortors today  thought it was some douche making crazy noises while working out (cause they do that a lot and i live in the gym) so i rolled back over and went to sleep 
woke up and realized that his life was like the movie groundhog day only in iraq 
"really wants to sleep but can not stop watching episodes of \how i met your mother \"""""
thought the rainy season was over!
well today was by far the best day in iraq ever!!!! i got some mail and some awesome fucking news 
one day later and the army is already threatening to piss all over my parade      figures 
is installing mass effect ii
is looking forward to a week with no lights or a c
is watching youtube videos of people's reactions to the now infamous 2 girls 1 cup
"going to buda-pest today, dutch girl owes me 10 euro's"
in buda-pest         food is still good and women are still smoking hot but it's cheaper and a bit more americanized methinks
beware of gypsies!!!!
"well we have to call it an early night, over-budget and having to get up too fucking early to do anything tonight  hopefully the hydrofoil ride back to vienna will be worthwhile      god damn it i just want to stay here!!!! to all my fellow soldiers, if you vacation in europe, come here first!!!!!"
is watching skid row videos on youtube 
best part about this bday was the fact that it will be the last one the army gets to take from me 
"\a lie is just a great story that someone ruined with the truth \"" <propmale> stinson"""
i have tasted freedom      and it is good!
still get's anxious around ethnics despite praying for more racial understanding in his prayer circle 
hates all things apple
is switching to skype
"this is to all the dublin residents i debated in amsterdam  \<propfemale> population = appr  6 2 million\americans claiming <propfemale> ancestry = appr  36 3 million\feel free to marginalize us and lump us in with all the other 280 million inhabitants of our great nation  \cheat yourselves out of the only people who have ever given a flying fuck about your homeland and cultural identity \good luck "
sooooo      how bout those mid-term elections?
is finally off that god forsaken train and in rome!
should i go to naples tomorrow or get drunk in rome tonight and go on friday?
italy would be nice if it weren't for all the italians
"has to get up in four hours! ive been drinking all night and i am going to pay for it tomorrow! if there is one song that can put me to bed with a clear head then i guess it is \'the weight\ by the band! if you do not like it then        fuck you!"""
loves airports with smoking lounges
has been traveling on planes and trains for over 22hours now  having finally arrived at syracuse airport my ride ( not naming any names ) informs me that they have lost the keys to their car  having conducted a thorough search we then discovered that the keys were of course locked within the car  we are now waiting on aaa  fml
went to punks last night  got up and went to davinci's for breakfast  nice place but they seemed kinda sketchy about serving us  maybe it was because <propmale> spent the first 5 minutes in their restroom throwing up 
"wow  either i've been defriended by my cousin for who knows what or       nah, never mind  i'm pretty sure that's what happened "
can't go out tonight  i have to head down to <propmale>'s and bake some cookies and whatnot for tomorrow  sorry to miss out on any drinking tonight but we need to get this done and for good reason
gee i wonder where i'll end up drinking tonight   hmmmmm
omg! <propmale> is mysterion!
can't find the key to my truck and i am out of smokes    
