08dff723d5e0a2e80e2d5917a0f70c82
"100+ degrees and no a c  for the next 3 or 4 days >,< god kill me now!"
cant here out of my right ear now lol
discovered that my m4 has a 5 56 barrel   laugh 
just got done moving to missouri 
"job hunting, yay"
fuck'n aye i dont know what to do   
is waiting for the <propfemale> recruiter to show up 
will hopefully be a us <propfemale> by the end of next year 
"wow, i was so tired after running this morning i actually forgot to wash my hair when i took a shower and am just now realizing it   annoyed "
going to class at 1 surprise 0 
thunder storming!
running time 
just ran 2 <propmale>
if you choke a smerf what color does it turn to?
i feel like i'm sick but the only ailment i have is a runny nose  0 o
"is a little drunk, lolz"
need foodz
"is half way to council bluffs  just 4 more hours of driving, oh joy "
"oh, btw, happy halloween!"
is loling at <propfemale> <propfirst> (muh sister) getting pissed off at cod4 trying to beat vet mode   laugh 
"my arms are sore, effing wii   "
i get my high speed internet back next monday! fuckz ya!!  laugh 
got mw2!  laugh 
fire tracer is back on live!!!  laugh 
"-2° woot, lol"
<propmale> got a tattoo  lolz
"just got back form seeing sherlock homes, great movie!"
my friggon head herts   annoyed 
is now in oklahoma 
"and i thought new york city was going to get some snow, lol!    god i'm glade i'm out of that place   laugh "
snowed in in cincinatti ftfw!
"<propmale> got herself a new (slightly loved) shotty today, lol"
zombieland is a totally awesome effing movie!
why do my xbox wirless heads sets keep breaking?  annoyed 
"holy crap, it thundering so hard its shaking the walls and floor!! lol"
just found out how  nub-tastic playing 1v1's on gamebattles is   annoyed 
oh the joy of selling crap on ebay   laugh 
damn it all to hell and back agen  :  
"job hunting, yay   "
"thunder storms and tornado warnings, oh my!"
"hippie's on weed belive some of the wierdest shit, lol  (some random dude on xbl)"
why is it that the second i get everything i need to get my license my damn truck dies?  annoyed 
"just saw ironman 2, it was ok   "
"yay, my router quit working "
just got back from the hospital  guess my mom has another kidny stone 
"whent to the pool and got some sun, now i'm waiting for the inevitable burn  haha"
"is palying super <propfirst> galaxy, hellz ya "
"yay, the trucks finaly fixed!"
"just got back from class, now it nom nom time "
should be at class right now!!!!!  annoyed 
civlization on the 360 is actually a pretty fucking cool game 
"up before the sun, oohrah "
"in council bluffs getting a cb radeo intsalled into my truck, lol "
"getting gas, than on the road agen "
and 12 hours later we're back   
happy 4th everyone!
vga cable saves the day!
moa beta sucks soooooooo much ass     : (
i hate reserve prices  t_t
"life just got a little bit better    also, its fucking hot!"
"hacking some ramdom neighbors internet ftw, lol "
"drivers test tomorrow, joy, haha"
"got the dl, w00t!"
how many noobs would a noob tube tube if a noob could tube noobs?
"got my contacts earlier, yay for not needing glasses!!"
fucking itunes  troubled 
is <propfirst> <propfirst>
sorta kinda almost moved in 
hungryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
"went bar hopping last night, had a pretty good time "
"just got back from the range, vids up later  (lolz @ <propmale>)"
"haha, i turned my xbox on and it showed one red light in the bottom left side, i almost shat myself  turned it off then back on an now its all good "
i feel like a hamster    and i'm not saying way     wink  lol
when in doubt    ahh    ahh    god dammit!!
off to <propmale> city with the army recruiter in a bit 
"recruiter trip canceled, back to bed i go!"
"got done taking the asvap at 12 surprise 5 and got an unofficial score of 57, get the official score on friday but either way i'm set   laugh "
"been cutting down trees all morning and now i have a head ache, haha"
"fucking loling my ass of while lungy is singing karioke, god i wish i brought my video camera!!  laugh "
"went to <propmale> city at 5am to take the ged test, went to the cap building and got a picture in front of the governors office, got back home at around 2pm, helped vote out the democrats, then i ate a mcchichen    i think its been a productive day   wink  lol"
"went grocery shopping and can back with a ferret, how happen? lol"
"got my ged today so now i'm officially edumahcated and shitz, lol   laugh "
"and now its snowing, lol "
starts collage on the 13th 
"got a call from my recruiter this morning, an opening came up and i might be able to enlist in the army without having to get 15 collage credits first!  laugh "
<propfirst> foreman grill = best cooking device ever 
"took my laptop apart to check to see how easy it will be to swap out the cpu and found a big-ass dust <propfemale> in the fan  put it back together and now it doesn't get hot anymore, f'n pro am i ryt? hehe"
"and moms in the hospital, joy "
collage = slow  *sigh*
god it's snowing like a bitch outside  lol
"things i learned from watching msnbc: 22lr is a cop killing bullet, 7 62 is an anti aircraft artillery (aaa) round and glock (if they wanted to) could make a pistol completely out of plastic  i'm so glad the media doesn't lie to me and keeps me informed about these things "
"for the love of god, why do they let hippies write college text books?"
"i feel like the more i participate in class, the more i'm somehow being drawn into a cult  lol"
some of the movie previews they showed during the sb looked pretty interesting 
does anyone have a spare 48 hour code for xbl?
all's well that ends well    i hope 
holy fuck it's nice outside!
"mmmm, girl scout cookies "
will have a p99 by next week! : d
"is now technically employed, woot!"
"talked with my recruiter, might be heading off to meps on sunday "
i was going to go to meps on tuesday but the army needs to check the credibility of the university of phoenix  lol
"just got back from the shooting range with <propfirst>  we rented an sr9, good gun but it felt a little bulky in my hands "
"recruiter just called me, i can join the army now without having to get 15 credits!! i'm off to meps on monday and then to boot camp at the next available date!"
"oh joy, it's snowing again!"
