0428062f46fade2a0f6fae68f9db5ba8
"many human emotions are worthless, i've given up all but a few "
smoke me a kipper   can you do that?
"thank you everybody who wished me \ happy birthday\""!!! smile """
i just got our of my first class and already have more than enough work to do today
"i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math,"
"at busch gardens howl-o-scream this thursday, i am definitely going into that 'alone' house and i ain't bringing no one else in with me!!!!"
"god can only go so far, than comes logic "
just got back from howl-o-scream  it was awesome!!! i went through alone - all alone and was so freaked up afterwards 
"i have decided that after i get my aa degree next year, i want to take myself on a cross country road trip for a couple months "
"i gotta ask, does every freakin' radio station have 20 <propfemale> talk shows at the exact same time? cause it sure seems like it to me  i wake up and drive to phcc at 7 5 am and all i hear is talk, talk, talk, talk, talk  what the hell is that about?"
this is gonna be quite the weekend
"i decided that this year for halloween, i am going to be a killer-transvestite "
"just read in my human sex text that if guys use cell phones too much, there sperm count will drastically decrease "
"thinking about going to the regionals tournament next month --- it's gonna be a big one too! the way my <propfemale> beast deck is set up, i can deffinitely"
"he's the one to call, dr  feelgood"
dude looks like a lady
"today was a good, fun, and interesting day "
apparently the definition of teamwork is not what it used to be 
"college tomorrow, should be interesting"
long division + e playful ressions + factoring = total hell
slowly starting to understand this long division factoring crap 
"halloween party this saturday, aw yeah "
"nope, no party, work       work, work, work, work, school, then work, and school again, then work   "
writing poetry again
[c=ff9933][b]happy halloween [ ] [ ]
"even if it takes forever, i will die trying "
      
synthetic division - the fast and easy way to a less confused mind 
"rolling money, making dough, got my stash, full of cash "
"got to watch a childbirth video today, natural and c section, god it was horrible  found out real quick it's nothing like what you see on tv and anime "
"work at 3pm, training 2 new people this weekend   hurray for me "
i love  hack  gu
"with my last card played, the duel is done "
"i'm always one card short, always one day late for once i'd like an ending i can celebrate "
had another vision of the future   
"i have finally worked exodia into my <propfemale> beast deck, now not even the egyptian gods have a <propmale> against my deck  mwahahahahahahaha"
which 3 superpowers would you have?
ugh   my head hurts
head feels better
i wanna be a werewolf!!!
"na na naa na, na na naa na, hey hey hey"
completed my red demon's dragon deck!!!
do you like waffles? do you like pancakes? do you like french toast?
"no work today, pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaasssse     "
work wasn't sooo bad
"do you know where you are? welcome to the jungle punk! take a look around, it's limp bizkit!!! f@#$ing up your town!!!"
play wpnfire
scar red <propfemale> dragon rules!!!
"yep, what a day  slowly catchin up on burn notice "
longest night ever   at work
"chillin' out, maxin', relaxin, all cool"
going into work at 9am monday
school tomorrow
can't break me down
[c=000000][b]god's not at home  he's on vacation at vegas  [ ] [ ]
just got home from working at 9am
"just took the iq test, i scored 140-160"
"the square root of -1 equals i, -1 equals i squared   wtf!!!"
i have found out that the microsoft program i have has a listeneing device that will type whatever i say  i am angry with myself for not finding this sooner 
just got done working out  going to make this my new permanent workout 
"finals tomorrow, ooh boy!!"
i weigh 165lbs and still loosing more  woohoo!!!
the end of the year already huh? geez   
awe man  i think i'll only be able to dislocate my shoulders up to 6 times a day now before they get too sore 
got to go all the way to dade city and immediately afterwards come all the wya back to z-hills for work             ugh
watchin clerks
there is never a dull night at kfc
"playing final fantasy xiii today, then off to work, then more ffxiii after "
"just popped my shoulder in after having it pop out, up, and in front  ahh    how disgustingly cool it is bein' a contortionist"
"my new pokemon <propfemale> team so far: grovyle, ninjask, sableye "
had some raw eel for lunch  that was really tasty   smile 
just started drinking my first hornsby's hard cider apple crisp and loving it!!!
type a quick update to tell your friends about this chat and send them a link 
"ah, ah, ah, a-aachoooooo!!!, oh great, i just sneezed all over my laptop"
