1c5860d5c4e172201d1de5911a4bf736
"happy new yeaaaaarrrr!!!  smile ))) woot 2010! ahaaa, lol  happy new year evetyone!!"
well happy new year's to the people who live in kansas  here in vegas it's oinly 10 surprise 6  so i have about two more hours left!
yeah! 2010! happy new hyears guys!! i wish i was in pittsbburg!
"jeez, i am soooo bored!"
"it's where i keep all my things  get a lot of compliments on this  plus, it's not a purse, it's called a satchel  indiana jones wears one "
you fool 
bhalh blhla blahsdsad foswenfsdfdsfc    bored - -
"domo arigato, mr roboto "
"duuuuude, i'm so booooored!"
is reading  this is fun 
people these days are just so fucking stupid and it pisses me off 
fjdsfdsf
ok well i'm just sitting here doing nothing 
"uhhhmmmmmm, hi?"
best i ever had  smile 
oh i'm so bored 
i'm young wild and strapped like chi-ali  blaow!!
"dare i say, i kind of feel like moving to california! but i don't at the same time  indecision "
"hmmm, hopefully i do something fun tonight!"
my hair's a piece of crap lol  ugh!
"hanging out with cullen and having an fn awesome time! \cuz he's so kick-ass!\""- cullen (  ^) lol"""
my mom is so wierd!
what a looooooong day  i'm so freakin tired!
ugh! i smell like cigarettes now! thanks mom 
wassup
rain is amazing  smile 
hi <propfirst>!
"oh, well then  goodnight <propfirst>!"
"wow, fighting over the internet  ha your cool "
hmm i don't know what to say
"oh boy, 3-hour detention  indecision "
time for me to go to the football game i guess 
> sad 
i love lamp
is hoping this weekend will be a good one 
is bored fo sho
oh boy football game tomorrow! yehhh boiiii
my library books are about $50 over-due
pork chops? no thank youuuu 
isn't sure what her mood is forreal 
is listening to some annoying bluegrass music 
"oh my, i'm in such a horrible mood d: someone, make me smile again!"
we are searching for security in tradegy  take a look around and notice the black tapestries drowning our walls of simplicity 
we are searching for security in tradegy  take a look around and notice the black tapestries drowning our walls of simplicity  jeez i love tdwp
"examine these beautiful faces, keep singing now  keep singing- tdwp"
d smile >>>ugh
wow i had a lot of requests and i didn't even notice i had any  i'm retarded 
wow i'm so bored!
the rev was kinda gay but whatever
sugar coated white lies can only get you so far before you get caught up in the middle and i'm a human too my life has value and everybody will think the same 
"so if love is a drug then i guess i'm addicted all i want is to have yours, it's making my heart sick"
"for as long as i remember, you sold everything you owned but now you sold our friendship, you're on your fucking own "
realize i don't want to be a miser confide with sly you'll be the wiser young blood is the lovin' upriser how come everybody wanna keep it like the kaiser
it's so easy to get lost in constantly having to present whatever face you believe a person wants to see rather than your own
"screaming from the inside of me  a lonely and pleading phantasm  we only get what we see gazing so desperately between the things that we fear gazing so desperately elaborate delusions  we're watching segregating illusions  between the things that we see, and the things that we fear  no, no it won't make them disappear "
i'm runnin' this and i can jump the hurdles i feelin' like i'm racing a bunch of little turtles
one step too late and i never told you that i cant talk another disappointment breathing and grasping all leads to another messy ending
one step too late and i never told you that i cant take another disappointment breathing and grasping all leads to another messy ending
stay bright little fireflies  make light before my eyes 
how long until the tables turn? when will we ever get what we deserve?
"listen good, i don't need nobody\this is what you feel are the sounds of insanity\hopin' what i hear loops itself to finish me\no i won't be afraid,"
"i like to dream yes, yes, right between my sound machine \on a cloud of sound i drift in the night \any place it goes is right \goes far, flies near, to the stars away from here"
where is my miiind
"and i say follow me down till you see all my dreams, not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems"
"rebel, rebel and yell, cuz our people still dwell in hell, locked in a cell, yes the structures a cell, mad is the story i tell"
