006dd2ba64cabcbb44b2a0ccec4fef59
"hello, my friends! i missed you this entire week  gosh, it was one very long, never ending car ride  hope you had very good holidays and are enjoying the rapidly ending break   smile "
hmmmm      i'm thinking man hunt     
"i meant a hunt to find non- stranger-like people on here  so correction to the man hunt: familiar people hunt! though of course, a man hunt itself wouldn't hurt      smile "
ah! my computer is even more of a spaz than i am! goodness help me!
it's raining! wanna come dance in the fall rain with me?
"dinner time! laters, my random people!"
"why do i see him so perfectly when i close my eyes? why, when i don't think he even sees me clearly?"
"any advice for me on guys? talk to me, please? anytime  thanks  night all   annoyed  laters "
"some days i feel like i can run away from everything, all my problems and all the people  today i feel caught in the jaws of it all, unable to escape, and not really empowered to  what do you do when you feel like you've been dealt the losing hand?"
"wow  i may not be the brightest of the bunch, but that doesn't mean i'm stupid  so don't talk to me like i am  thanks mom "
goodnight to all and to all a good night      honestly can't wait for christmas caroling      smile 
"not looking forward to tomorrow, to seeing him  not looking back to last night, to seeing them  trapped in the now, and dreading every moment of the next coming nearer "
"i won the battle today, but have i won the war? i ignored him today, and, thanks to jesus lucero, he got the message  but will he even change? will this all even make a difference? guess i'll just have to wait and see, huh?"
today    eh-ish  white flag was waved  but now    i always thought i was smart  i was proud of my mind  but compared to my friends     i'm stupidly dimwitted   annoyed 
mom's home   sad  gotta go  love you all! night!  love 
"note to self: bring notebook and pen everywhere i go  i so wanted to write, my hands were itching to, but as luck has it, no notebook, and my amazing thoughts went whoosh out of my head   sad "
"if i'm not any different, why do guys suddenly notice i'm a girl, and are acting on it?"
"no one's home yet  i have to get off      i hope they get home soon, because i hate going to bed home alone "
"does it matter if you make a wish at 11:11 pm or 11:11 am? does it matter that one's made in the purest of light, and the other at the darkest moments before <propfemale>? if so, i'm screwed "
"sometimes it's great, sometimes it hurts, sometimes you'll wish it was over, but smile and you'll get through it all   smile "
"so i might be meeting <propfirst> wednesday after school and, honestly, i'm nervous as hell  it'll the first time i've seen him since he dumped me  but i wanna be friends, so i'll try    "
i declare a break from guys 
"am i the only one who hates it when guys say they can only see you as a friend, but then flirts with you and teases you and sends you mixed messages? am i the only one who's lost here? he still gives me butterflies  jerk "
"if happiness is so close to misery, then how can we tell it apart? is it the warm, glowing feeling inside, or just instinct, or what? today's been a pretty miserable day, that i know for sure "
"i hear an angel singing in my ear, but when i turn and look, he's disappeared  i think he knows how he enchants me  that frickin' playin' flirt "
"half in, half out: a scared litle mouse does her best not to doubt but her thoughts cloud  and in that moment she's trapped   cut in half "
take me away  far off where the skies aren't deadly grey        i hate snow     stupid wannabe winter weather in fall 
"sigh  boys are dancing in my head like sugarplums in a kid's on christmas <propfemale>  the show usually would be nice and appreciated, if i hadn't sworn them off for a while  so unfair   sad "
"what's on my mind? that's a very broad question  let's see, there's my homework that was due yesterday, my grandma's chihuahua, my friends, i gotta go pee, boy drama, ncis, and two and a half men theme song rampaged through my mind   smile  oh, and i'm hungry "
"today was actually pretty good  so good, i don't mind the dogs' ruckus, my tight back or the act that all these boys are still confusing me  i'm gonna relax, kick back, and possibly do some homework if it suits my attention span   smile  laters all "
love the more than words  it's amazing!  smile 
"they say whoever you dream about fell asleep thinking about you  if so, that means 3 boys have gone to sleep thinking of me  cute as that sounds, i highly doubt that's true  oh well  :  "
done with drama  rebeling against pointless things  i do not wanna be torn apart and become my mother!
"i have so much to say and so much i can and want to do, but there's so little time and space to say and do it all "
"i refuse to shovel! no one can make me! no one!     i suck at it anyways, darn it  i am an ineffective shoveler  and it's pointless to shovel while it's still snowing  so ha!"
my phone's not working  and i don't care  i'm bored and don't care to talk to many people tonight  so oh well   smile  maybe i broke it 
"funny thing is, i'm not in ib, and i got better results than many ib-ers "
i'm getting my glasses today! now all i need is a cape and i'll finally be super dork!  smile 
the only downfall of laundry is that eventually you'll have to fold it all and find a place for it  sigh  lots of work to do   sad 
smile 
yawn     night my dearies 
my puerto rican penguin paco es muy pequito   smile 
"smile and tell him there's none other, because right now, this moment, babe, there is no other "
i am prejudice      against colored tortilla chips  i apologize to anyone who takes offense  it is wrong of me 
"everyday i'm told atleast once that i smell really good  awkward and completely random, but the compliment is apprciated      you goofy choir dorks   smile "
"i am shamed  my older, less ninja sister read a most ninja-like book, before me  this is sad  i am shaking my own head at myself "
lalalalalalalalalalala      smile 
thinking of maybe      running for vice president of drama next year    
"jinx you all, just because   playful "
you know what sounds good? snickerdoodle cookies dunked in hot cocoa   smile  ya      that sounds yummy 
i stalked a creeper <propfirst> today  i feel accomplished 
"choir seniors: i'm sorry, but i realized to late that i didn't finish the total math  i'm sorry  i feel selfish about it "
kiss my booboo and make it better?  sad 
i lit a candle and absent-mindedly started burning my mechanicle pencil in the flame      it smells weird but it was very fascinating  what can i say? i'm a pyro   smile 
"hahaha     this book is so stupid it's funny  it's a twilight parody called nightlight  it's pointless and poorly editted, but funny "
delayed--- black and white 
"if you could choose good or bad, angel or devil, right or fun, which would you choose?"
"i'm glad such an emotional day ended with a beautiful and magnificent sunset  the tears were worth this calm i have  thank you, everyone   smile "
i'm      done 
"gonna go curl up in a ball somewhere til family gets here, then i'll put on a happy face for them as per usual "
shoot me with a popscicle  anyone 
"dude, it's suddenly like college spam in my email  i've got 22 emails from different colleges  what the french toast?"
"hopefully some day soon my phone will die it's final, and possibly very painful, death by my hands     "
lalalalala     yawn    
what's on my mind right now needs to get off my mind pronto  i would appreciate help getting them out 
i think it's about time for me to disappear in a book for good  atleast those characters don't hurt me as much 
i'm not a happy camper    but i'm doing my best to get on and move along 
why do things have to be so awkward now? why can't they go back to how they were a week or so ago? why does he always lose interest in me? aren't i good enough    pretty enough    funny enough? then why?
gonna put him and everything out of my mind and try to have a good time with the family  it's either that or mope  and i'm done moping 
tinea's birthday theme is now     byop  if you want to know     ask  but only if you're absolutely sure you want to know     there's a story or two behind it 
"9 months and counting     now, let's see how far we can count    "
lalalalalalalalala      had no courage to talk to my dad     but i will soon     i hope 
i have things i need to say     but i don't know how to say them     talk to me if you think you can help?
"today was iffy, but good considering  a year today since i had to put my dog down     rip <propfemale> <propfirst>   love "
"hael- angel of kindness, beauty, <propmale>    israfel- angel of song, music, new hope "
shekinah-- angel of unconditional love and unity 
"i'm gonna kill whoever got me sick! run, i'm coming for you sickies "
"spring! my gosh, i've missed you  i'll see you this friday  we shall set a date, my long lost spring "
"i miss the days when we weren't as scared and could love with everything we had because it never crossed our minds that someone might take advantage of that trust  sigh, i learn too fast how that trust can be used  can't i be young and innocent again?"
the quiet scares me because it screams the truth 
where's my childhood hero? where's the man who saved me from my own subconscious mind? where's my daddy? i can't find him anymore 
"so much for spring break      playful  bundling up from the snow is not my idea of spring  grr, <propfemale> gray, dear sister of mine, you jynxed my break  grrr "
ever feel like <propfemale>? like you've been invited to the ball but have nothing to wear and no way to get there?
i haven't seen him in a month  and today made me miss him even more   
nothing has seemed to change     did dad actually take my words to heart or is he just putting them at the back of his mind thinking i'm just like every other over sensitive teenager?
"i'm cleaning my room, going through these random, magically appearing papers wondering    \was i supposed to turn this in    ?\"""""
"on the plus side, i got a much needed haircut  but on the negative side, i got news i just do not want  sigh  yin and <propfemale>  always in action "
"note to self: make a get away plan that does not begin with \call up __ friend for a favor and a ride \"""""
let it be  peace  love  dream 
"hey! in need of help! if you can, to help raise money to go to australia this summer, we are taking over the outback steakhouse on april 11th and may 22nd  we sell tickets for $15 and get half of each ticket sold  the ticket gets a meal of 4 oz  steak, 4 oz  chicken, chop salad, mashed potatoes and a drink   no bread  contact me please!"
"boys just don't understand, do they? why do they lie about their feelings when it's only going to end badly either way? why do they cheat? why do they hurt? maybe jesus is right  maybe there is no such thing as young love "
"girls should start listening to their gut instincts  i had that feeling he was cheating and that it would end soon  and voila! magic, ain't it?"
"you were my sunshine, my only sunshine  you made me happy when skies were grey  you'll never know how much i loved you  why'd you take my sunshine away?  playful  hope you are happy with her  i'll light up my own skies now  too bad for you "
i'm not beaten  beaten is being left without any hope  i have hope; it's all i have  i'll nver be without it  i won't give up 
"i no longer have chains, but can i break free of my own bonds?"
something is not good with my back   sad 
"roses are red, tears are clear  my heart's so full that i don't want you here "
"made about $135 today! australia, i promise i'm coming  i'll get there somehow "
music speaks when even the most simple words evade me     i guess you could say i'm in love      with music   smile   love 
"i still wonder what was on his mind when he lied to me and asked to be with me while still with another girl, and still holding my friend's heart  what was he thinking, other than about his over active hormones?"
maybe i could make a difference     being a peace maker   love 
people these days  no one ever comes up to your face to apologize after they hit you in your back hard with a basketball  gosh 
"wanna watch the lightning strike, fire in our eyes?  smile "
i want to discover a whole new world with y o u   love 
"a back and shoulder rub is the true way to get inside a woman's heart, boys   smile "
"last night was amazing  i do and i don't want next week to come  i want this to last forever, but i want to celebrate its awesomeness with everyone  i love choir and everyone in it  i hope we do the seniors justice next week      and i hope the costumes don't reak too bad   smile   love "
"oh my gosh  i don't know if i want to cry or jump around screaming      my dad paid for my trip to australia  over $7,000  he won't tell me how  but he still has his truck     i'm in shock "
"speak with your tongue tied  i know that you're tired, but i know that you're tired  i just want to know, where you want to go  i may be sad but i'm not weak  the situation is bleak  and your puffy eyes never lie, the tears come from inside "
"people of facebook! may 16th, if you aren't busy, you will be  i am having a car wash and breakfast at the elk's lodge on <propfemale>  i could use the help washing and serving breakfast  or, if you can't do that, i can use your help eating and bringing in dirty cars   smile  $5 for the wash and $5 for the food   smile  help is appreciated! --love terhesa "
"hey you, on facebook! get off and live life! yes you, with the face and the typing fingers  you  there must be something better to spend your time on  c'mon!  smile "
"text me, people of facebook and you won't get a response   smile  i think my phone is no longer living  so don't bother  sorry if you needed to reach me, but there's nothing i can do but enjoy the peace   smile  maybe you should do the same, persons  love you all!  love "
"what's on my mind, you ask      hmmmm      love   smile "
dude! i'm drinking peace tea from a hippie can! this is so freaking awesome!
"i have no way to get away from my family tonight, and i desperately need one   sad "
i do not like the best friends quiz crap  i don't  i want to know who thinks i'm a bad friend because i'm sorry if i was to you  but ouch 
can you truly love someone else without loving yourself?
"why is it that everytime i hurt someone emotionally, i always end up feeling worse than the person i hurt?"
"i don't want to deal with drama  family, friend, or otherwise  i have enough of my own for once  thank you very much "
"i'm finally waking up, a twist in my story  it's time i open up, and let your love right through me  i'm finally waking up, a twist in my story  it's time i open up, and let your love right through me    that's what you get  when you see your life in someone else's eyes  that's what you get, that's what you get     "
*quietly raises hand* distraction needed 
a human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated 
seniors: i love you  i hope to make you proud  juniors: i have faith in you when you take over  we'll be there to help you every step of the way  sophomores: we can step up and help keep the legend alive  we can be the strong juniors of last year and eventually the amazing seniors of this and hopefully next year 
"hey! sunday on <propfemale> at 8 9 am is a car wash and breakfast  so that means you (ya, i'm pointing my finger at you) can come and have fun with me while working to raise money for my trip   smile  $5 for wash, $5 for food, and a lot of fun  need people to help me wash and serve  please help! 720 249 9701 "
"i love dancing in the rain   smile  the only sad part is when you start to dry, you get cold very quickly   sad  oh well, it was fun and pretty "
i am not a fiesty midget! hiss hiss grr! ptearadactle noise!
"for those who don't know, or need a little reminder: sunburns hurt!"
stupid straight boys 
well  rawr 
"i'm such a child still   smile  my day was made better by <propmale> and a few words from an amazing person   smile  so he can keep ignoring me when i try to make things better  i've tried, i'll wait for him now  he can't keep me down "
outback steakhouse on 120th  come saturday to support me please! $15 dollars for food from 11 smile 0 to 12 smile 0  i'd appreciate it  we need to bring in atleast 100 people this time as a whole  ((i'll smuggle koalas and emus in for you ))
what's on my mind? topics not meant to be displayed on a public website 
internet keeps coming off and on  might or might not be able to finish my final that's due tomorrow 
"why is my heart beating fast, why is my tummy filled with little fluttering wings? i thought i was the girl who you'd be able to call on and depend on her heart never breaking because of you  now, who knows?"
heaven help the fool who breaks my heart  (again )
"this heart of stone will sing til it dies, if you leave me tonight -- secondhand serenade's stay close, don't go "
less than a month before i leave to visit australia  i'm so excited and nervous  a new culture i'm dying to e playful erience and a <propmale> to get away from people and things that bring me down   smile 
"for once, i'm ready and willing to face my family   smile  bring 'em on!"
it takes me 10 minutes to bike from my house to lessons   smile  it feels a little anticlimactic considering it took over an hour to bike to the school last year for lessons 
"there was a huge spider on my wall crawling around and it was crawling towards me  i tried to kill it and i missed i think, but now i don't know where it went and i'm freaked out! it's gonna come back for revenge and kill me and i hate spiders!  sad   sad   sad "
"\the hearts that love are always young \"""""
"peace, love, smilie faces   smile "
"ran with some beastly boys     til one started running circles around me  thanks so much, <propfirst> rodriguez !  playful "
"running (or trying to, anyways) for 40 minutes, then riding my bike, then swimming and walking for the rest of the day sure is killer on the legs      playful "
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox oxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox oxoxoxoxoxoxoxo       hugs and kisses for everyone!  love 
"hey, guess what?  playful "
"suffering from a headache and a stomachache, plus a sore jaw  possibly guilt-induced?"
i feel like absolute crap   sad 
"i'm feeling better   smile  talking to an old friend, and possibly a new one too   love  mj  wow, have i missed you "
"can't wait to run with the boys tomorrow morning   smile  then off to the mall with kenzie, my love   smile "
countdown has begun       tomorrow will be 14 days til take off!  playful 
"anyone who wants anything from australia, bring me something ribbon-y to tie to the handle of my suitcase  i'll write your name on it and tie it around your gift so i know who to buy for and what to give to who  i'll try to buy something for everyone who wants something, but keep in mind, i have very limmitted funds   love  terhesa "
"guess what? 12 more days! bring me my ribbons, people! i want to get everyone i afford a present! but i draw the line at smuggling boys and or animals over "
"headaches, nose bleeds and shaking hands  not a good mix at all "
11 days to go and counting 
"\somebody help me through this nightmare! somebody help me tame this animal i have become        it's not the real me \"" three days grace"""
"\let's start a riot!\"""""
"so     i'm supposed to be cleaning my room, and i'm supposed to somehow keep it clean for 10 more days      i decide it is not possible, and therefore i am claiming to clean it      later "
i am the biggest and stupidest perfectionist in the world  i hate it  my lesson today sucked 
5 more days before i leave  i'm packing and cleaning today  for real this time   annoyed 
luggage is packed   smile  don't know how heavy it is though  might have to repack it   sad 
"\the opposite of war isn't peace  it's creation! la vie boheme!\"""""
didn't <propfemale> out with <propfirst> today   annoyed  but that meant i got to go <propfemale> with <propfirst>   smile  i have a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 4  very scared  only about three days left now 
"i leave monday! my luggage is one pound too heavy, i still have to get an alarm clock and a scrap book, and pack my <propfemale> on! there is so little time to do everything! *hyperventilating*"
"by this time monday, i'll be in los <propfemale>, waiting for my flight to <propfirst> "
"australian's spell things weird! but they blame us   playful  my home stay family is a blast, and this trip is kick booty! i miss and love you all   love  be home soon "
i'm home 
"so apparently every time i can't sing my songs, i need to be sent to australia for 2 and a half weeks because, even i admit, i sounded great today at my lesson   smile  yay!!!  laugh "
i'm     happy   laugh  that's all i want to say   smile  thank you for listening 
"     give me a home among the gum trees  with lots of plum trees  a sheep or two and a kangaroo  a clothesline out the back, a veranda around the front and an old rocking chair      will this blasted song ever get out of my head?!"
"irony sucks  i had probably the best voice lesson of my life thursday, and now i can't speak because my throat is jacked up   sad  i hate irony right now   sad "
this freaking bites  it hurts too much to even think about eating solid food  bring on the yogurt and applesauce 
i hate being sick! despise it  grrrawr!!!  sad 
pretty sure i'm single again  oh well  i need it  how are you?
"finally reading 1984 by <propfirst> orwell for brit lit  sigh  atleast i didn't completely procrastinate this time, right?  smile "
"so     my suitcase e playful loded all over my room when i got home, and i'm just now taking inventory and cleaning that mess up  i feel accomplished   smile "
"i hate that he can make me feel bad  i hate that i hurt him  but i love that i'm happier and feel better now  i'm sorry, but i guess i needed to hurt you to help me  for once i put myself first, and i don't regret it "
something hit me this morning  in less than two months i'll be a <propmale> and sixteen  whoa   laugh 
"\i wish those days could come back once more  why did those days ever have to go?\"" i wish   love """
i'm a survivor! i love <propfemale>   smile   love 
      twin time!!!!  love 
would you bail me out of jail if i killed one of my best friends? or how about i kill his girlfriend who has already broken his heart twice and is bound to do it again? would you bail me out?
"i hate cramps  they woke me up at 5 this morning, and we're out of midol   sad  sometimes, mother nature just plain sucks "
"i got rained out at webster, but it was sooo worth it, even though i'm cold, wet, and sore   smile  i had a blast!  love "
so much for having a great day   annoyed 
"horrible student id picture   sad  but my schedule is: \1: brit lit with connolly\2: cp physics with berg\3: off\4: us gov with de long\5: chorale 1\6: jazz band    but soon, vocal jazz!  smile \7: math3 with bristoll\8: relationships  racket sports  i'm dropping the gym class  \what classes do we both have?  smile "
sigh   annoyed 
"train is my therapy  yay, meet <propfemale>, calling all angels, drops of jupiter, and get to me   smile  i feel lots better now "
"i have two questions: if i'm such a good person like so many people say, why do i keep hurting people? why can't boys be my friends, and just that?"
i have nothing to say for once in my life  i shouldn't have let those boys make me feel guilty for not being in love with them  thank you to those who helped me realize that   love 
i love my friends   smile   love 
"so after cross country's last breakfast run, which was loads of fun, we had to beaner pack jery's car   smile  we stuffed 9 people, including myself, in to the five seater vehicle   smile  i ended up squeezing onto <propfirst>'s lap in the passenger seat  very awkward, but very fun   smile  yes, i may be white, but i have some mad beaner-packing skills   smile "
\if i could turn back time\,006dd2ba64cabcbb44b2a0ccec4fef59,"so    i spent today painting my new room at my dad's new house   smile  it's blue and pretty   smile  but when we got done, both me and <propfirst> and my unfortunate cousin who got stuck helping us looked like we just finished a smurf massacre  evil laugh!!!  love "
i have that bad feeling in the pit of my stomach      annoyed 
"it's a good morning to finish homework, don't you think?"
dude  my face hurts where my remote hit me   sad 
newly found music fix: <propfirst> <propmale>   love  lovin' his music big time 
"i've decided, thanks to a wonderful teacher, to let my parents fail on their own  i can't save them  i've tried, and failed, and i'll only fail more "
i'm excited for the new challenges this year will bring   smile 
"i is sleepy already  but first, brit lit homework   playful "
"wishing i was on ubirr rock in australia again, watching that picture perfect sunset  i've never seen anything or been anymore more peaceful "
"i look forward to the day when i'll get to see everyone happy  one day, it'll happen   smile "
"tomorrow is a coffee day, yes?      yes!  playful "
hey! go support horizon high in fighting for their music program  ask them why they want to go to florida! help a school out   smile  you can find them on 120th and sorta washington 
"great day, great fun   smile  i miss green valley ranch already  man, this weekend rocked   smile "
"ahhh, music   smile  my love, my savior  happy sigh      smile "
"i really want to get away this weekend  far away, like to the mountains, or somewhere that relaxing  you know? what else am i going to do for the four day freakin' weekend?"
"dear whoever's listening: migraines, dizziness, sleep issues, and now anxiety problems  thank you so much  seriously  you make life <propfemale> fun   annoyed  sincerely, terhesa "
i got sleep! yay!
"i want to call a time out  where's that remote from click or whatever? can i use it to pause the world, please? i just need a bit to catch up and take it in "
"i have officially decided to give up on him  thought i was gonna rock his world, but only up falling flat on my butt in front of him  guess we'll only be friends now  wasn't good to persue someone so far away anyways   annoyed "
"when life gets crazy, you'd better have a good sense of humor "
crazy dreams are not good when all you want is sleep 
smoothies make the world go round   love 
"i want my spicey chicken and noodles now, please  my tummy is tired of waiting   playful "
"for the good people of facebook, i thought you should know that there is only 111 days til christmas  courtesy of my grandmother  gotta love her   playful "
for the first time since saturday i have a headache   annoyed  is getting worse now 
women who behave rarely make history   smile 
"i got sang (<propfirst>?) to more than 9 times  i lost count after that  good day, for the most part   smile  i really do love my friends   love  and my birthday <propmale>, <propfirst> storm <propmale> looked amazing and made me a yummy monster cookie!"
"for the first time ever, my birthday rocked! talk about a sweet sixteen!  love  i love you all! thanks for making my birthday special!"
"\life with love has some thorns  but life with no love has no roses \""  love """
"i went through the day without being angry once at all  and i had legit emotions   smile  granted it was just a short day, but hey, that's way better than before   smile "
"you know what? i may be sunburnt, my lower back may hurt when i shift my weight, but today was a blast   smile  i'm so happy   smile  <propfirst> and his little brother made my day  happy friday, everyone   smile  hope your friday was as good as mine "
i'm so extremely thrilled about today   smile  i saw my cousins and my uncles and rode a motorcycle awesomely   smile  my uncle and my cousin will be on 9 news at 10 tonight   smile 
you know what i want? more memories with you   love 
i really hope the cross country team's ok if i show up at the barbeque this saturday    
somedays i just have to smile even when i don't want to  i conquered bumblebee song finally  took a migraine to do it 
"i think i found the right isle of innisfree song    you'd be surprised how many there are     should've borrowed the music, guess we'll have to see tomorrow "
i seriously hate nightmares  i blame you people who talked about the zombie apocalypse all week  i had murderous dreams and zombie nightmares because of you 
i seriously love his hugs and kisses  he's so sweet   smile  i just adore him 
he leaves me speechless   smile 
"dude, isn't today 10 10 10?"
"may be fighting with mom and drowning in school work, scrambling to memorize lines and fighting for sleep      but he makes every day so much better   smile  i don't mind all that when i know he's there for me   smile "
"today was better than i thught it'd be  i cleaned my room, got rid of my old bunk bed frame, found my awesome stuffed animals, and partied with my adorable 1 year old (as of yesterday) nephew  back off girls, no cradle robbing   smile "
so yesterday i drove by a couple at a bus stop  the guy was on one knee in front of her proposing   smile  it would have been a sweet scene      if only she looked happy about it   smile 
i actually look somewhat pretty in my homecoming pictures   smile 
"i just want to dance, and sing along to my radio, blasting in my window, til i just can't sing or dance any more  i want to hear music that makes my heart beat fast and my mind return to thoughts about you   smile "
"i'm looking forward to a great day with <propfirst> moreno , <propfemale> m  stuchlik , and possibly twin tomorrow   smile  tonight i have my nephew <propfirst>   smile "
just call me buttercup elfdancer from now on; for i'm a cheerful little sprite   playful  not so much today 
"inbox\only! \tell me something that you've always wanted to say to me  stays \between us, promise: ) put this as your status, and see what you get "
"yay! he's back home! i'll see my boy again tomorrow! i've missed him so much! i'm so happy, that i don't even mind that my tummy still hurts!  love   smile "
i'm sixteen and i already have laugh lines   playful 
"trying to have 6 conversations at once, while searching for tights and thinking about the next few nights       "
"to all the sweeney <propmale> actors and techies, thank you for an amazing time  i love you all  thanks to everyone who came to support people, too   smile "
"vegetarians are hypocrites  they refuse to eat anything living that has feelings     well, carrots scream too!"
i've got a screw loose for you      do you need a loose screw?  wink 
"this is the time of year for love and peace  <propfemale>n my family and i can feel it  it's been a wonderful break, and a great season   smile  i'm sorry to everyone who hasn't been enjoying yourselves, but maybe you should out of your own emotions and make someone else's day bright  well, <propfemale> christmas (<propfemale>) to all, and to all a great winter break  i love you   love "
"i'm sorry to everyone who just isn't having a good break  i hope it gets better and you don't sit in those rotten emotions for any longer  i love you, and if you need a smile, find me   smile  i have plenty to go around   love "
"can't wait for tomorrow with bekah <propfemale>, and friday with bekah, devi, and <propfemale>! yay holiday break fun   smile "
i'm just happy   smile 
my baby nephew <propfirst> is turning one and we're celebrating his birthday tomorrow! and i babysat my other nephew <propmale> last night   smile  they are the cutest things in the world   smile 
auditions wednesday  i'm excited   smile  are you?
have three choices for dresses for the opera in two weeks  lucky me i have a fashion <propfemale> of a mom to help me choose   smile 
was just watching my australia dvd of pictures from my trip  happy sigh  i miss australia every day 
"oh, and i need your vote  <propmale> bargery and i are writing essays on the subject of who is better: australians or brits  choose carefully   smile "
i really just want my shoulder to heal  i feel so helpless   sad 
<propfemale>   smile 
"it's not just his eyes that i love  it's not only his smile that melts my heart  it's not just his voice that makes my heart jump  it's not only his laugh that makes me smile  it's not the fact that he loves me with all his heart  it's just him  i love all of him, even when he doesn't love himself   love "
"like my status and i will: \1  tell you what i love about you\2  rate you\3  tell you what color reminds me of you\4  tell you what i don't like"
i hope tomorrow's better 
"my current pre-act english score is a 30  if today's went down, i'm gonna cry  i think i did worse this time  fingers crossed "
"university of wyoming emailed me back! yes! i'll be visiting the school soon, and i can't wait  hopefully i can squeeze a few scholarships out of them  probably won't be as lucky as <propfirst> storm <propmale> by getting a full ride to mines, but i'll take anything   smile "
"if truth were fiction, and fiction dreams     tell me; what would your life really be?"
<propfirst> <propmale> is heaven      smile  and so is <propmale> <propfirst>   smile  happy sigh 
"i was sick since sunday, and i've missed so much  hello again, world! i do live on!  love "
"like this, and i'll give you a confession  pinky promise   smile "
