d50a3b5dd74d7a8eb2089396d2d35658
was the history hw in mr barbutos honers history just the take home test?
still new to facebook and it seems so confusing o o
i just put chocolate chip pumpkin bread in the oven and its going to be delicous and im going to eat it  omnomnomnom  ps: you cant have any > playful  unless of course you come to my house and mug me  laugh  orrrr simply just ask for a piece
i have paramore's brick by boring brick stuck in my head      gawd i should of turned the radio off  laugh 
"ok well    im tired so im going to go take a nap, wake up at 9 surprise 0 and stay up all night only to fall asleep at about the same time tomarrow    i hate my internal clock"
okay well im going to not sleep now and lay in my bed and lie their till about 7 surprise 0ish then go to sleep then and wake up around 5 surprise 0 pm ish cuz my internal clock  annoyed 
"when life gives you lemons, get your whiskey "
"?no sunlight, no sunlight?  laugh  death cab ftw"
pumped for saturday 
"gawd im bored and hungry and there's no food in the house  annoyed  im tempted to just go walk to hannafords or somthing, lol"
i seriously need to get a new photo   someone should assult me with a camera sometime this week because im not very photogenic so it will be spontaneous  smile 
"i hate when i start zoning out, then i end up staring at someone unintentionally, it really rubs people the wrong way   free coffee tomarrow!"
slithering sea snakes in the high seas slipping inbetween the salty stalagmites
"forgive me, i have but two faces, one for the world, one for god save me! i cannot cry cause the shoulder cries more, i can not die, i a whore for the cold world!"
"when your down and out, when your on the streets my lord, when evening comes, so hard, i will comfort you  i'll take your part when darkness comes and pain is all around, like a bridge over troubled water, i will lay me down!                            solo memorized  smile "
"when you can't, stand in place, you cant tell whos walking away  ?"
"?and we watched the plumes paint the sky gray\\but she laughed and danced through the field of graves\\and there i knew it would be alright ?"
"water is clear up close but looks blue from far \away  scientists are still puzzled by why we cannot see the entire \contents of the ocean just by standing on the beach "
oh my good golly gosh it is hard to talk to 3 ppl at once even if it is gibberish in 1 conversation
who's excited for tomarrow at 9 surprise 0?
"they will see us waving from such great heights, 'come down now,' they'll say but everything looks perfect from far away, 'come down now,' but we'll stay   "
hmm its too hot out to think of somthing clever to say 
im going to miss some of the senior class   alot   
"well im going to go sleep in my ac'd room, if you need me, stop looking on facebook, lol"
"thunderbolts and lightning very very, nice  smile "
im going to get my permit instead of seeing the flying old guy squad
finally after 2 hours of waiting i finally get to take my permit test ^ - ^ and i passed & missed school to boot 
"gee, i just got home from a party, i stumbled up the front stairs in the dark, i now know how ke$ha feels all the time, whoa ke$ha comes up as a word  surprise  w o underlining!"
"geez, im really burnt out from school   can't wait for next year"
wounded is the deer that leaps highest
"i'd like to call you sometime \\i'd like you to need me one time \\i'd like to help you all the time"
"oh, my god! drawing is so boring, idk how some of you do it   "
"well im off for the night, nos vemos senoritas!"
"\like\""\",d50a3b5dd74d7a8eb2089396d2d35658,"i'll apply for jobs this week for sure   ,mabye next week for sure"
"my brain hurts from cramming and a long math packet, i wonder if i did it right    "
"nobody said it was easy,\no one ever said it would be this hard, \oh take me back to the start"
time to start hibernating till school starts!!   my sleep patterns are already messed up  playful 
"hmm waking up at 1 smile 0 pm, something is not right here   and my eyes feel like they are gunna fall out of my head "
and during the the struggle they will pull us down! ?
*insert clever thing to say on facebook*
tscho-cho-loza!
today was awesome!
"the toxicity of our city, of our city!"
i feel like screaming at the top of my lungs right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i can click on the i-tunes icon all i want i don't think its going to open  sad 
oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh p-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face
"wheres your gavel? your jury, whats my offence this time?"
"hateful design builds the structure divine, a territory cold as ice, an endless empire with cynic <propfemale>, born of a broken spell"
"hey, i just got a free i-touch, cool beans!!  laugh "
blame it upon a rush of blood to the head
"tears stream down your face, when you lose something you can't replace"
"dance hall hips, prententious quips, a boxers <propmale> and weave "
i hurt my bum!  sad 
"and it scares the hell out of me, and the end is all i can see!"
(insert attemptivly deep post thats kinda personal and should be kept to myself with poor grammer)
"blasting our way through the punishment and the pain reach for the world, as the sky begins to fall rising through the darkened ashes praying that i'll see you all"
i'd have to say glorious is my favorite song from black holes and revelations  smile 
thinks people shouldn't write in the 3rd person because it's implied that your talking he's just saying cause it reminds him of <propfemale>    
"but i still wanted more, with the cuts and the bruises"
"there's a saltwater film on the jar of your \ashes; i threw them to the sea, but a gust blew them backwards and \the sting in my eyes that you then inflicted was par for the course just\ as when you were living "
"watching kids while filling out an application to hannafords, fun"
making cupcakes with gnash filling  laugh 
"our hopes and e playful ectations, black holes and revelations"
oh it could've been would've been worse then you would ever know
"monga, lol"
ramen noodles for breakfast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have nothing to do till the 27th     i'm so bored
i wonder if being irritating comes naturally to some people
"how now, balthasar!"
"just made the worlds best cupcakes, i messed up the frosting a bit though  sad  not consistent enough"
got a call today    job interview at hannafords!  laugh 
"the interview went good, i need to go back tomorrow"
lets see you post on my wall now  playful 
"<propmale> canadian blended, the spicy aroma had mended me, matured for years and imported, into my glass you poured it"
not even lions can tear us apart 
i finished the job interview today i think things went good
my legs are so sore from purgatory chasm
"there's no justice in the world, and there never was"
gunna be bored out of my skull this week
"well for some obscure reason my parents decided to go get cell phones for the family with unlimited talk & text, um yea the number is 774-277-0538"
eerie whispers trapped beneath my pillow
going to newport today
i'm feeling kinda trashy  annoyed 
"its a new <propfemale>, its a new day, its a new life, and im feeling good"
just had an awesome night with <propfirst> bernier and <propfemale> powers
"god i love my classes, however dr craig the whole year     for ap enviromental  _ "
going to go school shopping
<propfemale> tinted view 
"well i bet that you look good on the dance floor,\dancing to electro-pop like a robot from 1984!"
"so yea    ap environmental really isn't that bad, dr craig can actually be moderately interesting    "
i love acting like idiots with my friends  laugh 
i do not play favorites 
what's on my mind?
"it needs to be tuesday, for a wide assortment of reasons "
"scored an advanced in my mathematics mcas, yesssssssssssssssssss"
im going to go apply for a job at shaws
8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0 8 surprise 0
i love it when my i-pod doesn't want to connect to itunes
anyone know if our reasons for joining have to be legitimate on the hon  history prject?
approximately how many times is someones status them complaining?
curse you a p environmental! im freaking out!
sparitones audition soon o o
i love it on my couch!
had a great day  laugh  + i made spartones!
typical i get sick on the long weekend
history project    fun
hmmmmm   what to be for halloween
"no facebook, i will not like eminem , no matter how many friends like him -_-"
"hmmm i think it may be my i-touch that wont connect with my computer, not the other way    time to restore it - -"
"october\ is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and \friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you?"
sparitones tonight  laugh 
feeling     artsy
"wow, you'd think that after awhile of not drawing i'd still be bad at it  laugh "
"it was not your fault, but mine"
its cool la <propmale> its not like you said 5 surprise 0 for\\nim watching you!
i think i've become dead set on being monsieur d'arque in the play this year
to the person who stole my gym shorts and lock: i hope you get aids
a cup of tea!
"hmmm i'm bored so i'm going to do one of these \like this status and i'll tell you something i like about you\""?"""
"anyone wanna e playful lain to me how to upload pictures from my mobile phone to facebook, i already have facebook mobile    "
"oh simple thing, where have you gone?"
to sparitones!
"\i'm gunna give all my secrets away\"""""
time to right a research paper!
guess who got the <propfemale> <propfemale> solo!?  laugh 
research paper time!
anyone know if you are suppose to bring lunch to the a p saturday sessions?
districts auditions and a p science session
"didn't make districts  annoyed , but i'm really pleased with my scores  laugh "
-insert clever status here-
next trimester hooray!
i'm to cool to pt vwels in all my wrds bgger thn 3 lttrs
"your skin, oh yeah, your skin and bones "
time to start my history project that's due tomorrow!
i got pictures of the house that e playful loded
home sick!!!! d:
money and tea!
"i like how when we finally get snow, we can't have a snowday "
"\i want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in you heart\"""""
i feel like jelly 
"ufff! fergie, just stay on the radio -__-"
signed up for the s a ts wooo
"when i listen to dubstep, i picture some guy swinging a lightsaber around "
"finally bought the newest muse album, a little late but still awesome!"
<propfirst> sheen makes others look like droopy eyed armless children 
> sad  i hate my ipod
i'm surprised i didn't shake violently during my solo!
sats tomorrow d:
one thing forever true   learn your lines!
"drama club, where child labor laws don't apply"
"two down, one more to go, first uhs, then the world!"
studying for apes until i die
"i think we should just not go to school tomorrow, snow or not "
"\blackbird singin' in the dead of night\"""""
"huck fin     is really, really pointless "
 
