da5cf87b89c49634b0cec6cb3458516e
happy new decade~ 2011  yay for prime numbers~
i played flu tag over the weekend  i'm it 
ah    i wasted so much time on facebook  sucks 
i feel bad for asada   
"<propfemale>'s makes my stomach say \hello\"""""
"\grow up tony   \"""""
noooooo  whitebeard is going to die~
"\i read somewhere    how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong    but to feel strong    to measure yourself atleast once \"""""
catch catch hallo hallo~
i'm going to go to ikea and buy the poäng chair  i'm imagining that it will be glorious  i will sit all day~
"fear limits me to peer through the window of familiarity  maybe one day, i'll gain the courage to venture out "
i accidentally bit my tongue and in retaliation its constantly sending pain messages to my brain  stupid tongue 
what do i do on gorgeous <propfemale> days? math!
it is in weakness that we discover who we really are  take away comfort and food and man becomes another beast 
man    one piece is so awesome 
"some days i wish i had a wig, so i can just put it on and jet  no need to style or wash my hair "
fear suppresses love 
"oh sweet pillow, sing me a nice song to sleep "
i want to play some soccer~
"this is my prayer in my hunger and need,my god is the god who provides "
i found my favorite pencil! yessss~
"oh stomach of mine, stop protruding out or else there will be no dinner for you!"
i wish i was the wind   
????
addictions
delusions
repercussions
feels like my mind is unraveling 
"26 years ago, i was a mere cell invisible to the eye  now look at me, complex and concsious    life is so weird "
"he tried to silence his inner demons by pure physical exhaustion, hoping that the pain and fatigue that he felt in his flesh would ring louder than the voices that he heard in his head "
happiness is satisfaction 
"\god made the integers; all else is the work of man \"""""
i'm alive 
i started playing chess again    you will rarely see me now 
detox  withdrawal  restoration 
"today, i love the rain "
dang one piece is so good 
"i think all the \bad food\"" that eat negate the \""working out\"" that i do  man    i don't want to go on a diet though   """
? ?? ???? ?? ??~
"discipline  training  mind, body, soul  40 days  lets see what happens~"
"tonight, i love the rain "
ugh    i shouldn't have eaten that cinnamon bun  my stomach        
as e playful ected    man messi is a monster  higuain hat trick  maradona looked like a drug lord  oh yea    and park <propfemale> young needs to get one of his legs cut off after today 
i feel like my body's going to break     must recover for tomorrow to play again     we don't get much <propfemale> weekends like this     
?? ??? ???? ???? ?   
lets not be narrow minded   
hope   believe   wait 
pieces are moving    things are changing    lets patiently see what happens now 
i'm about to join lifetime 
i love my dog when she greets me everytime i come home  i hate my dog when she barks every morning and wakes me up 
dang    just saw how to train your dragon  so good  weakness into strength 
dancing with insanity  reading crime and punishment 
tempus fugit 
i am going to like ??? for a lot longer~
there is so much lost in communication 
"thinking about reality, infinity, and beauty  i may have a nightmare tonight "
ambition  responsibility  elasticity 
so tired  wake me up when september ends 
there are too many people living sad lives 
today's plan: nap and read~
relaxing~
"got a copy of \the road to reality\""  i am excited~"""
what!!! one piece is going on a 4 week break!?!?! no       i'm so sad         
"if i could wish upon airplanes, i would wish to be a gundam pilot "
becoming a tech nerd once again  what is this ubuntu   
i have discovered npr  best thing to listen to while commuting 
getting lost in a story 
ah        my stomach hurtsss
eating cookie crisp cereal and playing chess while listening to <propfemale>  even kings don't have it this good 
\and now here is my secret, a very simple secret; it \da5cf87b89c49634b0cec6cb3458516e,so i discovered this new pleasure of eating rice in cold water  the best part is the hot sticky rice becomes cold and not sticky so i can eat faster 
"ah    a lot of stuff has been on my mind lately, but guess what? i found get backers manga online! i am so happy~"
yea    life goes on 
"\i'll be there \"""""
passion 
i want some pakistani food!
sophistry
i am storing up fat for the winter because it will be cold  yea    that's what i'm doing   
"for a limited time, <propfirst> <propfirst>'s friendship is up for sale  please call now to negotiate prices "
"omg early release of naruto, bleach, and one piece    this may be the happiest tuesday of my life "
??? ???? ??????? 
overwhelmed with sleepiness  so i shall sleep 
anyone wanna give me some pocky? hahahaha
reality is going to catch up to my fantasy and its not going to be pretty   
"after many years of research, i have come to a conclusion  it is not healthy to think "
there will be no one piece this week  this maybe the saddest weds   in my life   
i became a huge fan of ?? 
we are watching and we do not like what we are seeing 
i am thankful that i can say today is going to be great 
lets hope nothing bad happens while i sleep 
???? ?? ???     
"sometimes, its enough to know where you belong "
i want to watch tangled and black swan!
i am really happy today~
i want some ??? 
"i'm sorry oh body of mine  i'll take better care of you soon  lets work hard so that your brother, bae, stop e playful anding or else we are going to have to buy new pants  honestly, we do now have money for that right now "
reading 20th century boys  im turning into an otaku   
sigh    circumstances mirrored backed what i truly look like  it's not a pleasant sight  it's time to work hard and stop being complacent  there are greater things to be done 
why is snow so wonderful?
ugh    ate too much food    this was a mistake   
<propfemale> in excelsis deo  <propfemale> christmas~~~
is it just me or does ???? seem really cool? hmm   maybe i should sleep 
my body testifies that my life is too comfortable 
monster by naoki urasawa
what the heck is this surprise one piece release??? i am so happy~
"this dude at the mall sold me italsteam  i dunno what happened  he was such a smooth talker, complimenting me and stuff    before i knew it, italsteam was in my bag and money from my wallet was gone   "
"oh sweet pillow, sing my a nice song to sleep"
"dear people in rochester, stop opening that virus email   "
"snows, tea, math  sounds like a romantic evening "
its the shame that makes you want to hide 
sometimes there's a doubt that starts to creep into my mind  whats the use of knowing such things as hyperbolic functions?
oh math    how you make me cry and smile 
"\finally i'm becoming stupider no more \"" -erdos"""
"oh mr  dedekind, teach me something about <propfirst> "
i am starting to believe that the pho broth has magical healing powers 
the <propfirst> emperor must be angry today 
ah~ i can't wait for spring to come  this winter as been too dreary 
the <propfemale> was pretty tonight 
man i think i got bit up by bed bugs   they bit me mostly in places where its hard for the sun to shine    this kinda sucks 
"tonight, let it pour "
man ?? is too funny
korean love makes you fat 
