c5b4de41e2281929d80737fc24380439
pig nose as a frizzle  laugh 
who goes bowling? that's lame   me and lizzy are throwing a house party  ya'll just jealous 
on the news they were talking about how barbies are becoming more black  how sad is that?
"so me, my sister, and <propfemale> were walking to a gas station and: some guy called us a ho these freaky cats jumped out of a bush some more people called us a ho there were these freaky crazy black guys were at the gas station and we thought they were gonna rape us we ran away super fast to get away from them these people started following us these guys threw a water bottle at us and these guys shined a flashlight at us"
so today's halloween and tomorrow is my birthday! great weekend  smile 
best weekend of my life!
i'm all by myself! hahahah  oh god 
i got parallel parking down  it's time 
 
so stick that in your juice box and suck it!
sadies night!!!!
it's all good 
i hate projects
we're not getting married!!!!!!!! <propfemale>  <propfemale>  i hate you both 
my friends are retarded 
so excited for tomorrow and saturday!!!
mmmm 
fun weekend 
they go together like celery and peanut butter  smile 
my parents are retarded 
i was just wondering how you say button?  laugh 
"i was a player, when i was little  but i'm bigger  i'm bigger  a heart-breaker, when i was little  but i'm bigger  i'm bigger "
you can just call me alabama  laugh 
last night = best night of my life  the second time 
i wish it was friday  laugh 
my parents are turds 
<propfirst> lautner is on saturday night live!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
call me mrs  flintstone cause i can make your bed rock  laugh 
so i'm bipolar and my sister is annoying  laugh 
i love my little sister <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> more than anything in the world !!!!!!!!!!!
my sister lost my monkey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"but i see your true colors shining through  i see your true colors and that's why i love you  so don't be afraid to let them show  your true colors  true colors are beautiful, like rainbow"
i don't know what to put here so                      hi  smile 
2011 bitches!!!!!!!!
30°? that's cool arizona  its not like i wanted to be warm or anything   
getting ready for school sucks
but you're so hypnotizing  you've got me laughing while i sing  you've got me smiling in my sleep 
you're hot  and i like you're car  we should date 
last night was probably one of the best nights ever
there was this one time     and uh     things got a little outta control     and uh      yeah 
if you see a wiggah pull the trigger  laugh 
teachers should never make us write anything that is more than a <propfemale> long over the weekends
there's a place downtown  where the freaks all come around  it's a hole in the wall  it's a dirty free for all 
fun night  saw interesting pictures and had interesting converstations  laugh 
so today i got growled at  yeah  good day 
i can predict awkward weird bad situations but no one ever listens to me 
dear <propmale>  you're not black  get over it 
whoa! you're white  like i thought that was your underwear  but that's your skin 
i see you through your window  while i'm standin on a tree outsiiiiide  laugh 
eggs  cooked or raw?
so       my sixth sense is telling me something bad is gonna happen 
coronation? not  movies? yep 
do you like chalupas? <propfirst> likes chalupas 
and i was like baby  baby  baby 
hoodlums 
this girl got the evil eye and then 13 days later an elephant jumped out of a 13 story window and landed on her and she died  true story 
watchin the track meet was actually pretty fun 
tomorrow is gonna be great! dodgeball with <propfemale> and maybe <propfemale>  then <propfemale>'s!!!!!!
my phones retarded and deleted all my contacts  sad 
"this is the way you left me  i'm not pretending  no hope, no love, no <propfemale>  no happy ending "
you know what's really weird? naked people 
jello  hobos  cups  spoons 
one more hour and i'm gone  smile 
"\raw eggs are very bad for you \""\""oh i know  they give you all kinds of diseases \"" oh camping """
my sister jerks so good that it looks like <propfemale> dancing  laugh 
california tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wanna go back 
noah: and then he had a gun   us: whoa! he had a gun!?  noah: a squirt gun!  us: oh! ok! later                noah: and then he pulled out a gun   us: a squirt gun right?  noah: no     us: a marshmellow gun?  noah: no  a bullet gun   us: with chocolate bullets right?  noah: of course!                 this kid was 3
awkard turtle
you know what's really weird?              <propfemale> the pooh!
i thought april fools day already passed  oh wait  it's not april yet 
jello!
just love hearing those helicopters flyin around
today i hit my head on a table    thank you <propfemale> beutler
<propfirst> took over my computer          i would like it back
today i ran into the devil    nbd
"\you can count on me  like 1  2  3  and i'll be there    and i know when i need it i can count on you like 4 3 2  and you'll be there  cause that's what friends are supposed to do aw yeah \""  love bruno mars"""
i love how everyone knows me as <propfemale>'s older sister and everyone knows my sister as <propfirst>'s little sister hah
<propfemale> <propfirst> i know you want me     but you are not sleeping in my bed tonight
i had no idea god made people that sexy  smile 
sadies soon  smile 
it was the best 30 seconds of my life  smile 
oooh lordy! whaatta night!
people would be respected much more if they could just say things to others faces
happy birthday to my mamma!  smile 
ha! you can't even fight your own battles    what a joke 
