6493750e6e4fe908b6c97114a9b6d579
i'm having a fucking awesome time at <propfemale>'s!
chillin at my house at yet another blacklight blackout party!
i'm fuckin depressed that <propmale>'s leaving soon it's so sad!
the next couple months predict to be a difficult and exhausting time     damnit 
is moving to missouri in 11 days!!!
is moving to missouri in 9 days!!
is moving to mo in 6 days!
is trying to block out the last three days!
won't last through the next 24 hours 
is going to colorado to visit her brother tomorrow and won't be back until next monday
is so confused right now
"would have rather had just one touch from your hand, just one breath of your hair, just one kiss from your lips than an eternity without it   please don't hate me for breaking your heart, thank you for still being my friend "
had an awesome day today!
"-\i'm surrounded by idiots!\"""""
got a tooth pulled yesterday and now i can't smoke until friday i hate dentists!!!
can't wait for <propfemale>'s birthday party tonight!
can't wait for her friends to come back for the whole summer!
can't believe that these past few days were that epic 
thunderstorms love 
really doesn't want to work tonight 
can't believe she's wearing a dress right now fml! lol
is going swimming in    9 hours! woot
can't wait to see her baby sister on saturday!
is for the first time in three years questioning everything 
wants to play bacce? bocce? bochi? ball again 
is going to accomplish something today and it will be epic!
is going to create a masterpiece!!!
is slowly accepting the fact that her friends are going to college in less than a week 
<propfemale> girls marathon   the absolute best way to start the morning!
you know your day has been fullfilled when you have a 48 pound albino burmese python wrapped around you!
"october is cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it!        please put this up if you love someone who has or had cancer!!"
can't wait to see <propmale> tonight!!!
 love s chocolate milk!!!
couldn't have asked for a better weekend!
thanks guys for all of the happy birthday wishes!!! i had an awesome birthday! it's good to be 20  smile 
"had an awesome night with <propmale> norby, <propfirst> jones, <propfemale> stonger, jojo, jaron petersen, and zach fizzy bear chappa!!!"
