2dd8956891376130e48153df33d653da
feels like swimming again 
was sleeping all day!
is hapy she is almost done with 9th grade!!!!
found out i am going on a vacation soon 
really likes her career class!
just got really cool <propmale> books!
is really kabookie pretzel!!!!!!!!
is thinking    
"was so happy this weekend, it was the best weekend i ever had before because i got baptized as one of jehovah's witnesses!"
"can't wait for march, hopefully my application for auxiliary pioneer service will be exepted! i am going to see what happends, if it goes really well and works out with my schedule, i hope to auxiliry pioneer regularly if i can "
is going out of town tomorrow 
today was a great day in service!
is knitting gloves and is making a paper flower purse for a party 
needs to have some service plans made with people 
is going to do seldom worked territory may 28 through june 1
got home at 11pm last night from seldom worked territory  it was awesome! i wish i could stay there forever!
has been sick of being so sick for a long time! this is the fourth month 
meeting tomorrow night!!! so happy!
1973!
is going to visit the riverside congregation today
so i have decided to study the burmese language and help out with the burmese refugees!
i can't wait for the special assembly day this sunday!
is going to auxiliary pioneer next month   smile 
feels good to be able to work out and being able to breath doing so!
had a great day yesterday!
what do you think of me?
"before i start my suger-free diet, i am having a cup of ghirardelli hot chocolate!!!  smile "
"describe me in 1 word using the third letter of your name  this is fun  answer me, then copy and paste and put it as ur status to see what u get  smile "
is going to meet someone i talked on the phone with to give them a bible teach book in south <propfirst>!
"had a blast today in service, now i am getting ready for the meeting tonight "
meeting at the riverside congregation was great! i am glad to be back   smile 
tomorrow will be a long day in service!  smile 
"press ctrl, alt, and the left arrow together!  smile "
"yesterday was a blast, after the party my friends were over and we danced!"
"nothing to do today, but sleep "
decided to go to my gym and work out   smile 
is really really tired 
meeting tonight
found out we have to move again!!!!!!
is making a purse for <propfemale>
wrote 5 letters today and later will go on a study
 sad 
just noticed that it is thursday!
today was a great day!  smile 
"getting caught up with work today and tomorrow, then the rest of the week i will go in service "
is debating if i should make dinner tonight for the family      
shoot me a text @ my number  smile 
"the convention was great, can't wait to go again this weekend!  smile "
can't wait for tonight!  smile 
will be at the convention this weekend helping the refugees!!!  smile 
new pictures from the convention are now up!  smile 
is going to be at a friends house for a few days
so yesterday it felt like i was stoned and today it feels like i have a hangover! great!
is at the beach  smile 
man i think my camera broke!!!!!!!! :     (
yey meeting is tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
"thursday= daily bible reading, preparing for my studies, rollerblading in my naborhood, and work!  smile "
"tuesday= daily bible reading, work, and then <propfemale> out at the pool with my friend! smile "
man! i don't know how to describe it!  smile 
has a talk tomorrow!  smile 
is missing living in round rock 
is going for a jog
went for a walk today and  did no work!  smile 
<propfemale> class tomorrow  yes!!!!  smile 
yey! i will be in round rock this weekend
what is everyone doing for super bowl sunday?
it's january right?
is nervous for <propfemale> class today becuase it's at my home tonight  surprise 
why doesn't anyone have school tell tuesday?
great day today!
has a talk in the front school   smile  so excited!
yes it's monday! i've been waiting for you   smile 
