b7e5813e94b312669712cd008dbe68d7
is happy!!!
is gettin ready for sixflags
went out to try to forget bout someone but tha whole time he was all i could think bout !!!
tha best way to get over somethin is jus to let it go     sad 
had a blast today    feelin so much better   
everythin is workin out for tha best   
gettin my stuff together to go spend time with my lil sister <propfemale>!!!
jus got bakk an happy to be home   
jus got bakk an realli tired    gettin all my stuff together leavin again tonite    goin to san <propfirst> an <propmale>     hopen to clear my head of him   
can do better without him!!!
goin to have to have to have surgery on my leg dis thurs comin up   
waitin till im able to walk again   
i can walk again !!!
waitin patiently   
went out tonite an had a blast!!!
gettin ready to go out!!!
aint feeling to good   
had a long weekend feels good to be home!!!
why is it so hard for your heart and mind to agree on tha same thin???
things are goin great!!!couldnt be happier   
wonderin what my next step is goin to be    
wow had a crazy nite last nite but i wouldnt change it for anythin in the world    =-)
i cant stand how i act without thinkin    i could have just lost one of the best things that has ever happened to me    i guess we live an learn rite???
"fyi    my phone has messed up an i had to \order a new one so i dnt have anyones number anymore so if you want me \to have it send it to me   "
ugh i dnt understand y they wont let me see my lil sister    its really upseting    praying i wont have to go to court over this    =-(
wow its crazy how facebook can reconnect you with so many people!!!
just waitin for 1 to come so i can go work and get this day over with   
goin to get ready for work    =-) only have a six hour day so times gunna fly
bout to go out!!! shreveport bound    =-)
its goin to be okay <propfemale> just keep your head up    i love you and hopefuly i can come out there and see you soon!!!
ugh i have to work till 11 =-( there goes my friday   
talkin to someone that i havent talked to in a while    =-)
oh!!! so ur cheating on me??? lol
things are goin crazy rite now but dont worry i decided to stay    i just need this to play out so i can get everythin back strait!!!
i offically got accepted to the college i wanted to go to im so happy!!! =-)
you know its time to potty train when    
you know its time to potty train when    a two year old walks up to you and says i booped get it off me it stinks!!! hurry <propfemale> change my butt!!! lol its priceless!!! i love my little brothers never a dull moment!!!
ugh i have to go shopping later!!!
i cant wait until this weekend got some super awesome amazing plans!!!
real friends    lets see how many of those do i really have    hmmm   
omg!im going crazy    why does everyone think i can fix everything??? so much stress    and the sad part is that i have to try cause if i dont noone will   
i dont understand    im with someone that makes me happy!!! why cant my friends just be happy for me???
im deleting my facebook and myspace so if anyone wants to keep in contact with me send me your number in a message   
"im deleting my facebook and myspace so if \anyone wants to keep in contact with me send me your number in a \message    imma delete it bout 5"
okay i went threw my friends and deleted a bunch of ppl!!! so i decided to keep my face book and just get rid of myspace
wow my feelings are hurt real bad    =-(
"while\ you scream at your woman, there is a man wishing he could whisper in \her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there is a man \flirting with her reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt \your woman, there is a man wishing he could make love to her  while you \      make your woman cry, there is a man stealing smiles from her  post\ this on your wall if you're against domestic violence!!!"
<propfirst> perdue your breakin my heart!!! lol
mom and dad are safe had to change the route in their cruise so that way they were not cause in the hurricane   
"if\ you saw me in the back of a police car what would you assume i got \arrested for? leave your answer in the comment box ______ post this to \your status to see what your friends think of you lol"
had first root canal today ouch!!! bout to take some lts and lay down  sad 
i was mia last nite and had a great time    never thought having no phone service could b so awesome   
poke me if you ever had a crush on me    like this status if you think i am agood friend    message me if you ever wanted to date me    comment if we ever had good memories    now lets see who's brave enough to copy andpaste this as their status!  smile 
"no\ puedo entender cómo me dejé que las cosas cambiar en mi <propfemale>, \especialmente cuando las cosas están bien como están, pero <propfemale> vez más \esa es sólo mi     así que aquí vamos     = ("
wtf!!! really??? what you need to understand is all these ppl that you are talkin to are only talkin to you because of me!!! everythin that has been said i know    wth are you thinkin talkin to my friends about me ? ?
anyone else??? obviously my name is popular an has been for a couple of weeks now    is there anyone that needs to + anythin else    i mean im sure i heard it all but ppl these days are very creative ! ! 
"a\ true friend doesn't care when you're broke,  being an @ss, what you \weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive,  about your past, or if \your family is filled with crazy people  your  conversations pick up \where they left off, even if they have been months  apart  they love \   you   for who you are  re-post if you have    at  lea   st one true \friend  they will know who they are                "
"you got a pretty even-keeled head on\ your shoulders  you’re well-grounded and realistic  you don’t really \daydream or think about the future (unless you’re planning ahead, of \course)  actually, you tend to find day-dreaming and flightiness pretty \annoying and pointless  sometimes people get you confused for being \pessimistic, but you know that you’re just being real "
im back!!!  smile 
i got a job  smile  i start the day after christmas   
somethings never change lol its just sad though i thought with age came maturity but obviously not in this situation    at this point i could be mad or sad but im lookin at it as if you truely cared you wouldve never walked away   
everything happens for a reason!!! an now i see why  smile  mauh see you later tonite boo!!!  love  oh so happy
 love  got to spend time with someone really special last nite an had a great time  smile     see you tonite!!!  love 
 love  missin one of my friends  love 
trien to make plans for tha nite get at me     smile 
just found out that my friend is in jail bout to call up there to see what i can do   
my homeboy got 2 phosegate 15s inna box for sale $300    perfect condition!!! bout 4 mnths old    if interested let me kno!!!
my homeboy got 2 phosegate 15s inna box for sale $225    perfect condition!!! bout 4 mnths old    if interested let me kno!!!
seems like im having a never ending streak of bad luck     sad 
gettin ready goin out tonite!!!  smile 
just made it home and all i can say is wow!!!
i had fun last night but i just dont know if it was worth it     annoyed 
trien to find somethin to do any ideas???
ugh im <propfemale> done!!! im tired of feeling used    going m i a for a while!!!
lmao people these days kill me    i mean come on now if i wanted you i would have told you   
needs a verizon phone   
imma take my time one day imma shine!!!
wow its early
having a long day   
"school work, school work, school work!!! an still no grades posted  sad "
working out with the family was fun!!! ha ha ha i can feel the burn!!! hoping to lose about umm 20lbs
 love  making some serious changes!!! keeping the ppl in my life that want to be there and getting rid of those that don't!!! 2011 is going to be great!!!  love 
 love  grades have been posted!!! i can honestly say that i am happy!!! maintaining an a average bby!!!  smile   love 
kinda like a slap in the face but okay whatever   
*my homeboy helped me realize earlier that my <propfemale> tail or happy ever after dont exist anymore lol thanks*
having a good day    still got school work to do though   
another long day ahead of me   
been doing a whole bunch of nothing here lately and its actually been    umm relaxing    i know everything comes to an end    but in my case it will all end when i get a phone  annoyed     kinda dreading it
i dont understand myself    i know how i feel and what i want but i want ever allow myself to have it    i always walk away and i wonder why???
 love  gunna see my bubba  love 
 love  got to see my bubba and ej  love 
"ugh had a long nite    running off only a couple of hours of sleep    but the good part is that i got to see my bubba, ej and my best friend!!!  smile  couldnt have asked for a better nite!!!"
i'm done    imma leave it all alone and focus on me   
lol time to do damage control   
 love  grades have been posted and im still maintaining a 4 0  smile   love 
lost all my <propfirst>    if you want me to have your number send it to me   
"you need to stop worrying about me    i am, always have been, and always will be great!!!  smile "
doin school work
ugh im so confused    idk what to do   
i have a great offer    i know that i would get back right but i dnt think that i would be happy     i dont know if i should concentrate on being happy or getting back right   
*the official things in life can get complicated    here lately its been the unofficial that has kept a smile on my face and kept me goin     smile *
gunna make my own fairytail    who needed <propmale> charming anyways???? lmao!!!
have you ever wondered which hurts the most    saying something and wishing you didnt or saying nothing and wishing you did???
"men say women are complicated but all we want is respect, time, romance, and consistency "
"im so done!!! goin to show everyone that i dont need someone to make me somebody!!! goin to focus on me, myself and i   "
back in town  smile  had a great time!!!
things are getting better     smile 
 smile  still maintaining a 4 0 gpa i am so happy  smile 
i'm a true believer that everything happens for a reason    but ugh i want to know some of the reason cause some of this just dont make since   
 smile  people never seem to stop amazing me  smile 
i got a phone again and once again i lost all my <propfirst>    so i need <propfirst> lol  smile 
 love  deep thoughts  love 
 smile  texting  smile  learning so much    nice to know that there are still guys out there that want something real   
"let me cater to you\cause baby this is your day\do anything for my man\baby you blow me away\i got your slippers, your dinner, your dessert, and so much more\   anything you want just let me cater to you\inspire me from the heart,\can't nothing tear us apart\you're all i want in a man;\i put my life in your hands"
had a great time last nite    still kinda confused though    lol but thats to be e playful ected   
i learned the hard way that you cant have everything you want    but if you focus on what you need    what you want will eventually come around  smile 
im officailly taken  smile 
some got flowers and <propfemale> for valentines day but i got the best boyfriend ever!!!
i have made alot of choices in my life i cant say that they are the best but those are the ones that i have made and have to live with   
