6884de11e368ef6a82b69930b398dc1a
i think i just clipped the wrong cord   
nyc
<propfirst> q equals gypsy hero status
brennan's gps talks dirty to me
drove to inglewood for nothing
woke up from a nap
just saw ziggy marley in central park
freedoms not free
bronx
got hooked up woth a new battery
why does this banana bread taste like bacon
is a child of generation zero
<propmale> actually won a heat?
asp biznatch
oh hey <propfirst> lopez
rubbing alcohol bath to get rid of these stencils
this time tomorrow ill be surfing bowls
"hey school, die slow"
who has my skateboard
hahahaha 3oh!3    what a complete joke
if your in my bag project call me
what are these stupid fan check photos
boxing club  join  no sparing    noooootttttt
sunday be here nowwww
sonic boom
who is down for the thrift store revelt  hit me up
just saw someones intestines get sucked through a pool filter
why is the triumph store closed!
red rum
stupid mick
what is wrong with facebook chat
econ homework for hefernan?
hopefully working at a japanese sports bar lol
the girl from ipanema
bring your dice money tomorow   
"salt creek saturdays, revelttttt"
wish i knew a girl who listened to fugazi
thanks for all the happy birthdays!!! love you all
transworld surf > budget project
philly  blah 
just woke up
abandon ship
is excited for a ska show? what is wrong with me?
last night i saw dress-up batman punch brennan in the face  smile 
if you cant beat em' join em'  im making a damn farmville 
> you
i started throwing bass she started throwing back mid-range
today is going to be a good day
when was it ok for apps i dont even have to send me notifications?
"by the end of today, i will either be employed, or deceased"
minus the bear
is the swiftest with the fly swatter so watch out you annoying little bastards
despite all my rage i am still just a rat in a cage
pet rock counts as a pet for the budget project
my house isnt meant to fit this many people
my granparents are comparing guns    i love thanks giving
accepted to hawaii
house of the rising sun
mustache is growing thicker every day
sushi
orange blobs hell yeah
"when they kick at your front door, how you gonna come, with your hands on your head or on the trigger of your gun?"
pandora radio is sick
the photos are up! upload yourself
i want to get lost
<propfemale> garcia
gutter surfing
power surge broke my tv
couch committee is official
"the credit card company is in debt to me  ha, now thants what i call ez money"
recording studio tomorrow!
left the recording studio after 8 hours of work
"4,5,6"
my foreign exchange student likes blink
"finally, after many hours of toil, kouch commitee has an official myspace <propfemale>  check it out at myspace com kouchcommittee"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=jfliuumph3c
my baby got run over by a steam roller
"making chicken pot pie, this could be a disaster"
tsunami baby
these otc sleeping pills are freaking placebo
"hands across the water, hands across the sky"
soulful strut: probably one of the most catchy piano songs i have ever come across
"waking up late, throwing on some herbie hancock, and making pancakes  all on a school day "
dare-deck=worst game ever  just smorted a beastly line of kool aid
"q \how was school\""  a \""i am from mexico\"""""
ok seriously i dont need to see every formspring conversation on my wall
slaying bugs left and right
st patricks day is the most useless holiday ever
"speed limits are too slow, protecting your own property is illegal, almost any dangerous act is constituted as terrorism, and our government is on the verge of forcing americans to give their money to lazy people who refuse to work, if you are wondering what a bleak future looks like, wonder no longer "
the foreigner has gone missing
"well, time to start my final draft"
ratemyturban com
i have come to the conclusion i only like <propfirst> <propmale> when he was involved with <propfemale> underground
i have to think of the ultimate diss for <propfirst> the security gaurd
dude wtf why is snl so freaking gay now?
i can hear rats crawling in my ceiling
earthquake
"selling my pellet gun to a sketchy dude from craigslist, hopefully i dont get robbed"
this should be pretty radical
just pounded 3 raw eggs
just thinking of dorm shopping makes my head spin
the arena= worst place ever  everrrrr
epic game of soccer
yes im so stoked to do english homework right now
"writing a 300 dollar check for running my car into a pole when i was taking brennan to get his hair cut, which makes me think, why was i taking brennan to get his hair cut?"
who is down for a game of soccer tomorrow during 3rd
brennan just decided he hates president obama
daft punk is sex for your ears
"all the journals for bagg due next class and i havent done any, alright!"
whats the best way to make a burger?
come to country day field by 1 to play some soccer!
kings got romped  sad 
its never good when water goes up your nose and comes out your ears
"come listen to couch committee tomorrow night! live @ alvas music in the pv mall, around 8 smile 0  its free "
me and <propmale> almost just got in a fight with a <propfemale>  clearly i would have been handed my arse   
times square has <propmale> shut down after authorities discover possible car bomb!
i fel like youtube and facebook are the only two websites i ever use anymore
anyone know if the rough draft for the letter to the judges is due for bag tomorrow?
pandora is always there to help me through the most daunting of homework tasks
saturday school yippie
ice cube give it a rest with the whole are we there yet thing
yeah d-fish!
tonight lets make it four!
suck it utah
penis 
hmmm whats a good cd to mix for my teacher? i picked mozart and dillinger escape plan   
my wall is telling me: many who like will smith like barack obama  ahahahahahahaaaaaaa
math placement test fail
is this video chat real?
artest
celtics are going down
beautiful day for rugby
"if girls with large breasts work at hooters, then do girls with one leg work at ihop?"
how annoying all  of you are! im clicking the hide button left and right   
surf shaping evaluation day lol
the celtics demise begins at six 
<propfirst> heitzler is one convincing bastard
get him to the greek = 7 10
i love kobe
"this night has opened my eyes, and i will never sleep again \-morrissey"
earthquake
i should study   
4 feet from the mic at comedy & magic club
"ignored by the harvester, despised by the binder "
lets go lakeshow!
no joke i just prayed for the lakers
go back to boston
film is fun! not shooting digital for a while   
more <propfirst> v
packing my stuff to head out into the wilderness!
get to see <propfirst> tomorrow!!!
look how smooth his legs are! - ford timberlake
i think its really funny when people join facebook groups that are super emotional 
"i guess im a little kid at heart, everyone just wants to drink today, but i just want to blow stuff up "
http annoyed  davidnick1as wordpress com 
just went to a coffee shop and ordered something called the black eye
i just fixed a busted water pipe in my house  feeling like a man 
brians <propfemale> is sick!
"im sorry ms  <propmale>, i am for real"
"no, no, no, ignore, ignore"
13 5 mile ride with fordo  top speed - 40 mph
my room reeks of cigarrettes thank you <propfirst>
hahapasta com
"my exchange student is begging to get out of the house, but i dont know what to do any suggestions?"
just made apple pie
free weezer show tomorrow  stoked 
god of war is so frusterating
ill bet <propfirst> campbell will like this status 
daphneys
since when did moths get so damn big? is there some kind of new hybrid species im not aware of? i just deliverd a solid finger flick to ones head and it wasnt even phased!
"a taste of <propfemale>, tasting much sweeter than wine"
"dear ups ground mail, i hope your painfull death takes as long as my delivery "
"not in a rut, in a groove "
"got onto davids facebook via my sweet hacking skills, not going to do any borderline gay shit just wanted everyone to know that i got on "
"goodbye pv, goodbye friends and family, goodbye room, goodbye    dog  im packing up and moving out "
its hard to study when you can hear people calling the sets out your window
pop em like <propmale> redenbacher
seinfeld in hd! does it get better than that?
sometimes you come across a piece of music that stops you dead in your tracks no matter what your doing 
stealing a couch out of the rec room and placing it in my dorm was the best idea i have had in a long time 
is that a frat house? -<propfemale> nicklas
"hey at&t, ill start \re-thinking possible\"" when you can get me some freaking cell service"""
i just talked to <propfirst> patacchia  he walking down the street to my dorm  wtf?
i dont think we have ever been seperated this long  i cant take it  i miss my drumset 
a confederacy of dunces
world champions of basketball
i just sent hate mail to ticketmaster  it almost made up for the 16 dollars of extra fees they tacked onto my ticket 
lets go chargers
"i followed you across the county line, these beads of sweat feel like a flood   "
"<propfirst> archambault is preparing to eat the ghost pepper, i e  the hottest pepper known to man  during this endeavor, he will be keeping his epi-pen close at hand   "
pepsi and saltene crackers
feeling like an absolute champion  a+ on my first college essay  100 100 baby!
why would you lie about how much coal you have? why would you lie about something dumb like that?
"i just ordered \histoire de <propfemale> vie\"" aka casanovas life memoirs! supposed to be a<propfemale>zing   """
"its an \on top of the bedsheets\"" kind of night """
if anyone is going to see vampire weekend @ soma could i possible bum a ride? im going to eat if you have a spot open please call me 13107535664
"i love <propmale>  i love vampire weekend  i love blakes new face, and yes, i want to go to cape cod tonight "
"just attacked my world civ midterm with the knowledge of a \philosophé\"" and the power of a tokugawa shogun """
notification- go away i already clicked you
what is everyones favorite <propmale> and <propfirst>'s flavor?
"much love to all my dear friends who wished me a happy birthday, i hope to see you all very soon "
stupid ethernet
"dear pe teacher, i did not enroll in your class for any reason except manditory college credit  this is why i am not especially excited about tracking my food intake and writing essays about it "
<propfirst> brown just called <propfemale> whitman a whore hahahahaha
"\a woman is more dangerous than a loaded pistol\"""""
"bidding on gucci loafers, haha you can officially call me a fop now "
rain and thunder go nicely with <propfirst> peterson trio 
"reently, i went to a thrift store and saw a pile of film cameras  an idea struck me  i quickly popped open the back of every one and extacted the rolls of film that people forgot to get developed before they sold their cameras, stay tuned for the pictures "
basketball season is better than christmas 
im just scrolling down my wall and liking every lakers status i see
who are we to distribute our sympathy by the merit in which we assign others pain?
rip <propmale> irons
"why did it take so long for me to delete you from my friend list you annoying person? dont worry, if your reading this it wasn't you haha"
"i have a book open on my desk and all it can offer me are words  however, next to me, is my dorm widow which accesses the beach and all the girls who go there to sunbathe    damn you eyes! why must you always lead me from my work?"
my finger seriously hurts from rappidly pressing the l1 button on <propfirst> sanders's ps3 controller  a lot of zombies dont have heads thanks to that finger though   
class canceled again today and there is swell in the water!
if you think veterans day isn't important watch saving private <propfirst>  people died for you  a huge thank you to every vet  even the colonel down my street who almost shot me for lighting fireworks 
i think i just slept off a fever in one day hahaha
im going to guess that very soon there will be an influx of status updates about <propmale> potter from mobile phones
cooperation is a poor alternative to competition  i would rather be critisized for failure than praised for mediocrity 
check out the musician pogo
na na na na kid cudiiiiiiiiiii   
fight on
to all the girls who poke their lenses out of their 10$ gas station <propfirst> bans and then take facebook pictures: you look like <propfirst> levy
<propfemale> secret fashion show  officially on every tv in young hall 
<propfemale> <propfemale> is a hot 72 year old 
my mustache is gone
my leg is broken
go ahead jump on the bandwagon you already broke its damn wheels off
best snl in a long time  you cant ever have too much <propfirst> mccartney 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  post this in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer"
"thats odd, when i listen to wu-tang clan on pandora i get ads for community college  when i listen to yo-yo ma: <propmale> "
have you listened to <propfemale> <propfirst> lately?
lakers v  bucks underneath the boxes
authentic gasol jersey!
have you heard about snooki's plan to sit inside the ball that will drop tonight? is anyone else crossing their fingers for a mechanical malfunction?
"\beam me up scottie\"" -<propfirst> sanders"""
i am now a contributing member of a band that is going to play a concert on a sidewalk tomorrow night  dressed as a wizard 
"1 17 11\wake up  \eat pastry  \drink coffee  \read chapter of book  \fall asleep  \wake up  \read book on beach "
guess who just flirted with a telephone rep from citi cards named lashawndra to get my late fee waved hahahahaaaaa
the library isn't for eating your stupid loud food and talking in your stupid loud voices     or facebook but that's not the point 
i have 666 friends
i'm going to bring back cowboy boots 
of course i'm going home on the weekend when the most legendary thing to ever happen at <propfemale> will take place 
<propfirst> <propmale> just bought an lfa i hate the world so much
tigaaaa style
my name is <propfemale> how do you do
i guess my rain dance worked
couch committee is on itunes
i  love  phife dawg
wavehouse with the boys
i know were facing a recession but the music yall making going to turn it to the great depression
best day to go to a two and a half hour bio lab ever!
"just throwing this out there-\if you say hey to me in passing and i blatantly ignore you it's not intentional, i just cant hear anything lately "
"nothing- not my blow dryer and computer charger getting stolen, or even knowing that finals are in 2 weeks and that i am flat broke, could put me in a bad mood today  the sun is shining, the pacific ocean is warm enough for trunks again, and i'm buying a plane ticket to australia "
osama is faking it  he is still alive with tupac and biggie and <propfemale> <propmale>  obviously a government conspiracy 
presidents on 
who wants to play some tennis right now instead of studying
