13ec66038ed716da77d904878d86ab6f
in hawaii!!!!!!!!  it is so incredibly beautiful here   i know i'm not going to want to leave!
just finished her application and is ready to send it over tomorrow!  here's hoping!
we got an accepted offer on a house!!!!
apparently the people at the knox county clerks office don't want me to be able to change my name   i am getting fed up!
is so in love with her husband!
still feels really sick  sad 
i still feel like crap   someone please rip out my stomach!
"wants to get the photos uploaded to the walgreens website so i can order prints, but someone has to be online, cause, you know, it's more important than ordering our wedding pictures!  annoyed "
who wants to see too white crew with me at the taste of <propfemale>?  c'mon    you know you want too!
"back from gencon!  it was fun, but i'm glad it was only 4 days!"
"i have been so incredibly exhausted lately, and i have no idea why "
just got my new driver's license with my new name and address!  i just hope everything goes well with the closing!
just got home from a family reunion at lake bloomington!  i miss my family so much!  thanks for the food and socialization today!
"woke up feeling bad, and is now feeling worse  sad "
taste of <propfemale> today! jessy's coming up too and we're going to see twc downtown 7 smile 0pm!  it's looking to be a good day!
had a great time at the taste of <propfemale> yesterday   it was awesome to see twc again and even more awesome to see jessy again!
num nums
"is tired, as usual  annoyed "
"didn't get out of work until 6pm, has to work this weekend, and her husband is out of town   not a fun weekend  sad "
"grrr, work tomorrow  sad "
work was very long this weekend    definitely taking my full day off tomorrow 
"so, my cats have figured out how to open the top cabinets in the kitchen!  there was catnip everywhere this morning!"
going to do the final walk-thru and then close on our new house!!!!
thinks you should come see her new house!
"not feeling well, but i have a lot to do today  sad "
is not feeling well today
still not feeling well and i have to work this weekend  sad   early to bed i think 
"got some more stuff put away, going to bed way later than i should be though since i have to work at the butt-crack of <propfemale>!"
"i've spent my life so far with aspirations of being successful professionally, and now i'm really depressed because i feel like it's never going to happen   i'm not sure how to deal with a let down that big   i just hope i'm wrong "
got an awesome hair cut for only $23!  got lucky at cost cutters!
my throat is killing me!  i can hardly swallow!  this sucks a lot!
"feeling better, still have a little cough and trouble breathing, but better "
"got off work early today, so i'm vegging for a little while <propfirst>'s gone   maybe i'll rake a little later "
"had a good cardio kickboxing class, now i'm tired "
"<propfemale> alert    3 year old boy has been taken from rochester, by a man driving a mitsubishi eclipse, plate number 98b351,   please put this on your status so it moves all accross facebook   "
no ring for a week while it's getting fixed  sad   i feel so naked without it 
"kind of boring first day at my new job, but it should be great once i get past the training period "
"why is my life so boring?  stuck in <propfemale> with nothing to do on halloween   plus, how lame is it that trick-or-treating is from 11am to 6pm?"
"busy, busy, busy!"
i have a cat on me right now   how can he be so adorable sometimes and such a terror others?
loooong day at work!  i'm glad it's the weekend!
"spent way to much time shopping today, but i managed to get a good supply of long-sleeve shirts so i shouldn't freeze this winter!"
is tomorrow really monday ?!  sad face
 annoyed 
beer smile 0 was great!  thanks for inviting me guys!
feel sick to my stomach and got very little sleep last night because of it  sad 
again?!
still feel like crap  sad 
definitely got a new honda cr-v today!
"good day at work, but not so much tonight 'cause <propfirst>'s stuck in milwaukee for until tomorrow for work, so i have to be home by myself   we might have a snow day tomorrow, but i don't know how i feel about it, not getting paid for it and all   oh well "
"so, i spent two hours shoveling the drive this morning, a half hour of which was with the help from a neighboor and his snowblower   otherwise it probably would have taken me 3-4 hours   man am i sore now, but snow day at work, so i guess i can rest a little, not that i can make it down my street anyway!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
blah
just a half day tomorrow then no work until after the new year!  i can make it!
just got back from the eye doctor   my pupils are very dilated!
i'm thinking bed now 
is a sleepy homunculus
choir audition tonight!
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree "
stupid day!
"can it be the weekend yet, or at least not today?"
craft time is extended by four hours today!
"worked out extra hard today, and i feel good!"
monday blah
so    new hair color tomorrow   what should it be?
"after a crappy day i was looking forward to a new hair color and style, but alas, the fates are against me   no new color for me today   i guess it fits the day i've had "
"better day today than yesterday, but still nothing to write home about "
so glad it's friday evening!
great time at pedros with my deibel buddies!  it was great to see you guys!
had a teeth cleaning this morning and made an appointment to get my wisdom teeth pulled in two weeks  annoyed  plus a long day at work!
"go weekend, go!"
"just found out she can hide the updates from other peoples' games like \farmville\"" and \""mafia wars\""!!!!!!  i'm so happy!"""
feeling pretty icky today sad 
happy <propfirst>'s day!  <propfirst> and i have been together almost 6 years and we've been married about 7 1 2 months!  i love him so much!
has a dry socket  sad 
my body really didn't like having four teeth removed  sad 
is still in a lot of pain  sad   hopefully some medicine will help 
blah!
usa vs  canada in the gold medal hockey game!  does it get any better?!
stupid coughing
"i miss my husband, but seeing family and friends is good!"
"too white crew will be here in <propfemale> saturday, march 20, 2010 at scatz!  let me know if you want to go with me!  it will be awesome!"
i hope i'm not getting sick again  sad 
"twc this weekend, new coach purse, wallet and wristlet, new tennies, now if only i can kick this illness   "
the verdict is in and it's bronchitis  sad 
i miss my husband and i don't feel well  sad 
"sigh, it's still only tuesday annoyed "
i can't sleep  sad 
"blah, that is all "
it's going to be a long day  annoyed 
"after a long, monotonous day in the dry room, i got to spend a couple hours outside learning about my landscaping and garden "
congratulations to one of my best friends on her engagement!
"is very frustrated today  actually, i'm just down right mad!"
"after almost 3 hours of clearing out dead plants, some bertolli for dinner, and some wine, i am ready for bed!"
"i don't think i am going to like the kids next door   the first encounter i had with them was right after moving into the house and they were running through our bushes trying to get their cat   then, today i found them on our property throwing our rocks down our pathway along the side of our house   nope, i don't like this at all "
"is feeling a myriad of feelings emotions right now, but i suppose it's better than not feeling anything at all "
"day one of my new workout, and i've done really well   i just hope i can stay dedicated to it!"
has the beginnings of a migrane which has a very good <propmale> of impeding her daily work out  annoyed 
the new squidd cd is out and available on itunes and cdbaby com   check it out and buy it!!!!!!!!!
"hey!  squidd released their album!  it's available for purchase on  itunes and cdbaby com   check it out, buy it, love it, recommend it and  write a review!"
i think i enjoyed my kempo workout a little too much yesterday   my arms hurt!
wishes i could have a flunk day!
 annoyed 
go blackhawks!
bored
please let this medicine work fast!
 sad 
goin to get my hair did!
headachey  sad 
my brain needs to stop taking breaks when i am trying to talk and start taking them when i want to sleep 
cats are off to the vet to get groomed!  thanks <propfemale>!
squidd cd release party!!!!!!!! get out here!
i got my old passport back!
squidd definitely rocked it tonight!  what an awesome show! way to go guys!
started my day off by getting up at 5 surprise 0am   yikes!
"anyone in the <propfemale> area know who i can call to get bushes trimmed, or possibly removed?"
i really hate my sinuses!
wtf!  come on hawks!  bring it in overtime!
hawks win!!!!!!
i've lived in wisconsin almost four years now and just found out last night that one cannont purchase alcohol from a store past 9 surprise 0pm   wtf!
"up early tomorrow to pack, then work, then flying out to dc for some smithsonion action with my husband of 1 year sunday! love you babe!"
"likes vacation, but hates travel!"
taxi on my way to the hotel  i can't wait to sleep!
"good day, but my feet hurt!"
feet hurt even more today!
time for some relaxation!
i really hate insurance companies 
"it's official, i'm going to the uk!  i'll see you soon <propfemale>!"
was actually fairly productive this weekend and took down the wallpaper in the master bath!  now i just need to paint it  annoyed 
5 days
"had a yummy all-<propfemale>n dinner (hamburgers, corn on the cob and mashed potatoes) because, let's face it, it's the fourth, and because it is my last dinner in <propfemale> for a couple weeks (sad face) "
"off to a super start so far: the bus to o'hare was late, then stop-and-go traffic on the interstate, so the driver decided to try to bypass it by going through stoughton, but ended up getting lost  when we finally get to janesville i have to switch buses  to top it all off i feel nauseous!"
waiting to board my flight to dublin 
is in cardiff   
"starting my first full day in cardiff   so, nine days 'till home "
misses her husband and kitties a lot!
"had a great time tonight!  i went ice skating for the first time ever with <propfemale> (i didn't fall once!), and then we went out dancing with the cardiff crew!  super fun!"
caerphilly castle earlier and cardiff bay later!
admiral!  there be whales here!
"wow, just 4 more days then   "
"just two days of work in cardiff, then i'm on a plane back home to my hubby and kitties!"
last night in cardiff and i'm actually a bit sad to go 
will be back in <propfemale> in 2 5 hours!
"is feeling really, really stressed!"
my throat hurts a lot!  sad 
my throat still hurts a lot  sad   this sucks!
"loved the thunderstorms last night, but now we have a lot of water in our basement as well as some sediment   sad "
"anyone want to come clean my house for me?  it needs to be done, but i'm still sick and i just plain don't feel like doing it!"
really hates not being able to breath through her nose 
"painted my bathroom today with help from <propfirst>!  it still needs another coat, but it already looks a million times better than it used to!"
has had a horrible headache since about 2pm this afternoon and it's not going away!  sad 
had a great time with friends and family last night!  thanks for the fun!
nothing like spending time on a sunday doing work   yuck!
almost to indianapolis! gencon starts tomorrow!
"picking up my badge!  ahh, gencon!"
swing dancing time!
2hg with <propfirst>! hope i'm not too bad!
i think i want to take up glass jewelry making as a hobby 
really isn't looking forward to work 
"too white crew will be at the taste of <propfemale> again this year!  they will be performing saturday, september 4, 2010 at the taste of <propfemale> at 5 surprise 0pm and then at an after party at scatz nightclub!  anyone care to join me?!"
"is not feeling many happy, positive emotions right now "
"just got some sad news about my backyard neighbor   apparently he was in a bad car crash just a couple streets over on monday and he died   i've only talked with him a few times, but he was very nice and my thoughts go out to his family "
"had a beautiful day out with <propfemale> and wioleta    farmer's market, state street shopping, lunch at the weary with <propfemale> and then a trip to the <propfirst> vilas zoo!"
"yummy breakfast at the pancake cafe followed by a trip to target and then olbrich botanical gardens   not only do i get to show bec and wioleta cool things, but it's a treat for me too!"
"ok, let's do this!"
ran longer than i thought i would   i guess i'm not as out of shape as i thought!  thanks for going to the track with me <propfirst>!
doesn't understand
"all of the frustration and stress from work this past week (and especially friday) have not only taken a toll on me emotionally, but have affected me physically as well   i think i am getting sick    again   sad "
family reunion  i hope spending time with family will make me feel better 
does the weekend have to be over already?
still coughing and talking weird   sad 
"well, i figure i either have sinusitis or laryngitis   either way there's nothing i can do but rest, drink fluids and wait it out "
taste of <propfemale>!
still sick   i wish i could kick this 
happy one year anniversary house!
is extremely glad that the monday workday is over!
"thanks cats for leaving us a little mouse   unfortunately, this one was not the same one that fell from the basement ceiling a couple weeks ago "
"headache, headache, go away!"
pets are e playful ensive
likes it on the kitchen counter 
wicked!
<propmale>! the perfect end to an awesome weekend relaxing with my wonderful husband!
today was just one of those days     annoyed 
long day at work   ready for the weekend   miss my husband   that is all 
"is really disappointed with the election results and wants to move out of wi  actually, can i move out of the country instead?"
got my kiln today! now i just need to figure out where to put it  annoyed 
migrane  sad 
going to get some supplies for my kiln!
"came home early from work and took a nap to try to feel better   my stomach is feeling better, but my head is still killing me   at least i can have no lights on here rather than the glaring ones at the lab "
got some glass supplies from my mom as an early birthday present! thanks mom!!!!
had a great weekend  it was great to see family and friends!
i realize i live in wisconsin but come on people! what is so hard about not putting cheese on my sandwich?! grrr!!!!!
was given the <propmale> to get off work early today and definitely took it!
has spent my day off feeling very sick and i'm not getting any better  super!
definitely still feeling sick  sad 
"still feeling sick, but i've decided to finally run my pre-fire on my kiln so i can hopefully start fusing some glass!"
still snowing!
"dear target customer who decided to park so close to my driver's side door that i could only get in my car through the passenger side, you are a <propmale> jerk!  thanks a lot!"
"apparently, heated glass gives off a bad odor   it's a good thing i have the kiln in a separate room   i had to open the windows in that room!"
"stupid back pains, which are also causing migraines, which are also causing nausea "
<propfirst> made a good dinner and got me dessert too!
gettin my hair did!
"well, the plows finally came by to do our road   of course it is 9 surprise 0pm and everyone cleared their driveways much earlier in the day   so, thanks for blocking them up again!"
"so let me get this straight     <propfirst> <propmale> is on his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 5 5-hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all "
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!
in chicago with the fam   blue man tonight!
blue man in 15 minutes!
"just doesn't get it   i mean, come on!"
at the doctor office to try to figure out what is wrong  they are making me wear one of those face masks in the waiting room   sad 
dr  appointment was useless   just rest and keep doing what i'm doing   thanks a lot   glad i got my $20 worth!
tron imax 3d
"looks like i'm stuck with the wonderful crack in my windshield! dear <propfemale>, that was an unwanted christmas gift "
taking <propfirst> to the doctor to find out what's wrong with him   maybe they can help me too 
finally put my new slip covers on the furniture!  it's like i have all new stuff!  pictures soon!
another bad day at work   super  annoyed 
saturday!
"took the day off tomorrow to take furby to get his teeth cleaned, but now i'm afraid i wont be enjoying the rest of the day because i'm not feeling well and its not getting better "
dropped furby off at the vet for his dental appointment   i hope everything goes well and he doesn't hate me too much afterward 
gencon hotel room booked!
"well, after getting a couple teeth pulled and the rest thoroughly cleaned, furby is home!  he is a little anxious and is still feeling the effects of the anesthesia, but other than that he seems fine!"
is not feeling too hot tonight  sad 
whatever is causing me to not get restful sleep at night needs to stop!
"<propfemale> flynn 52 thoroughbred horses need homes  will go to sugarcreek this saturday for slaughter  gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling, yearlings, 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded  free and papered  friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 barnesville, oh  please copy and paste this on your status!"
"tried hard, but still not done painting the guest room   needs a second coat, but i need more paint!  grr"
had a great time with friends this weekend!
no internet    sucks!
just is not having a good day
hooray!!! we have internet again!!!!!!
"had a really good company dinner, although it could have ended a bit earlier!"
feels so lucky to have such a wonderful husband!  thank you for helping me through my bad days and giving me so many good ones!
thinks someone should definitely put a muzzle on <propfemale> palin!
"sore throat, swollen glands & ear pain    please go away now!"
it was really great to see my parents today   thanks for coming up to visit and to put my mind a little more at ease about the basement!
loved the thunderstorm this morning!
this day could definitely be better 
i am so incredibly sore from my workout yesterday!!!  it hurts to move    it hurts to breathe!
why can't today be tomorrow?
