2e5805db2a1bd3c741d559beacfc4b3e
lol i didnt e playful ect the other <propmale> lupercio's in the world to actually accept my friend requests  laugh 
i love it when days with nothing to do suddenly become an awesome night!
sometimes led zeppelin makes me happy; sometimes they make me want to cry their songs are so jive and jazzy; are there any other led fans nearby?
damn my cuz came over and brought some of her hot friends while i was in my pajamas> > haha at least i impressed them with my guitar playing ^^
"whats up with the une playful ected visits from family members haha man this guitar has been <propfemale> today, scored me 20 bucks for playing  playful "
"there's no half-singing in the shower, you're either a rock <propfemale> or an opera diva "
me and the gummy bears have a plot to rule the world but shhhhh its a secret 
"that damn toaster should give some sort of an indication when it's going to pop \instead of scaring the shit out of me when it does!!"
the worst thing about being lied to is knowing you were not worth the truth 
"she pressed the knife lightly against his left testicle and said, 'now \do i have your attention?' he yawned and said, 'yes, yes, what is it \now?' she said, 'i'm gonna cut off your fucking balls ' he said, 'yes, i\ gathered that, but what's the subtext here? you don't really wanna cut \off my balls, you want me to do something  why don't you tell me what \you want me to do?'"
<propmale> missile is the shizznit
"<propfemale> totally kicks ass  strongest nation on earth nobody can kick \our ass  nobody can intimidate us,because we don't give a fuck  we are \motherfucking hard like a gangsta with a nine by our side  except \there's no five-o gonna roll up and beat our ass down "
what have you guys named your ipod's? mines called pinche puta  laugh 
ouch   5 hour nap haha their goes my sleep schedule > >
where teh fuck did all these ants come from!
goodbye blue sky
"i wish i had a story to tell  i wish i knew the story of the cardboard man,or the talking filmcanister,or the spoon that moved  i wish i knew the one about the wise guru  or the honest lizard  i wish i knew about the dog that dressed like a cat, or the mule that walked like rock  or the tornado who swam like a statue of <propfirst> <propfemale>  i wish i knew all these stories or had the inclination to make them up"
booooooooooooooooooooom
*black voice* oh lordie lord!
"very, very interesting read  http annoyed  newschoolers com web forums readthread thread_id 539252 "
2 + 2 = fuck you!
the alamo was an inside job 
my pc broke > >  fb on xboxlive isweird 0 o
cunt
i am the beastliest beast of beastiality
urwhiteimwong
deftones- mascara love 
killed the covenant with the nigga <propmale>
oh how i wish i had my old ipod back:'{   3 years of musical discovery all gone   
just finished watching stand by me   great story and film 
why do people assume im a pothead? i just need to sleep more> >
really diggin teh melvins right now
2 more days till nba!!!!
my mom is a demon
nba season starts today smile 
great game to start the season    the void is now filled  smile 
"the cure's album, disentigration is epic as fuhh"
"fuck, someone from my own family stole all my money i had been saving up   sigh"
back in the days when i was young; i'm not a kid anymore but sometimes i sit and wish i was a kid again 
muhahahaha!
fuck the heat; we gonna 3-peat 
sweeet day with the niggs
joy division is the shit
"please please please, let me, get what i want   teh smiths are also the shit"
"music this decade has been the worst out of the last 60 years, well for me anyways maybe the next will be better   "
shut the fuck up <propfirst>
i wish there was a record store nearby 
"there should be a battle of the bands, but like from the three high schools here, best band from rhs, phs, and jvhs battle it out or something"
"fund day, im never parkouring again hahahaha"
"sun ra is the shit, nothing like good ol' free-jazz"
when i'm in a car i always see the people in the cars next to us; i wonder where are they going? are they sad? happy perhaps? it  makes me sad that i will never know their story 
late night with coltrane playing is always a good time 
"still wondering what i should do, go to rcc and study music, or make the smart choice; join the army, air force, or marines  !@#$%^&*"
fuck  that new rule sucks> >
"sigh i was walking home when i saw that the old rubidoux library had been finally been torn down, so many memories there  annoyed "
i wish i had chino moreno's voice  angry 
maybe i shouldnt play it cool anymore grr
made a bad ass riff ^^
"im looking to buy a 160 gig ipod if anyone has one(those really big fat \bricks\"") an 80 gig works too """
venetian snares are bitchin'
"so i was walking out of orisons class yesterday and he starts playing aphex twin   epic? yes, yes indeed "
"just found a bunch of mystery science theater 3000 on netflix instant streaming, awesome!!!!!!!!!!"
just downloaded all of aphex twin's discography   pretty epic stuff
percussion has been my ear's muse all day today  no i don't mean the radiohead rip off's 
the power keeps going out and im by myself at my house   pitch black darkness is scary but its a great background for hearing music  smile 
ableton live is the best electronic music making software   thank god for torrents  smile 
"wow ip man was a great movie, deff' recommend it "
"finally made my own beat on ableton live haha, i feel so proud  smile "
giggity
i'm thankful for juicy breasts   on teh turkeys of course 
"black ops  is really fun, didnt even notice it was 6 am already  surprise "
rockin out to fugazi   finally got my hair did 
ate a sandwich
ate a cock meat sandwich
the cure's disintegration album has been on repeat the last 2 days   love that album!
made a pretty cool cure-inspired <propfemale> on me geetar
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal?to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same\"",2010-12-04 08:24 smile 4""",2e5805db2a1bd3c741d559beacfc4b3e,i love the goosebumps i get when i listen to a great song
every episode ever of comedy central presents is on netflix instant qeue   this calls for an all nighter^^
":,) i saw one of my cousins for the first time in a year and the last time he was here i taught him how to play twinkle twinkle little <propfemale> and now he came back and he's good enough to have a jam session, maybe gonna <propfemale>t a band!"
"attention: the group asking everyone to change their profile picturesto their favorite cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles they are doing it because kids will accept their friend request fasterif they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with supportingchild abuse and violence, it's    on tonight's news  copy   andpaste this to your status, let everyone know"
jhovany gonzalez and i are gonna be in that in it to win it thing at our school haha
gonna dominate the in it to win it thingy tomorrow 
"my dad always breaks my guitar strings> >, anyways had some good laughs at the in it to win it thingy, with me and at me lol"
so 2 essays due in the next 3 days or i graduate late   damn rechs for not accepting d's!
"<propfirst> lennon died 30 years ago today :,("
"while\ my friends stay fixed on their juvenile thoughts and perceptions, i \venture off in an adverse direction  -currently in essay mode   haha 1 \more to go"
"is the new fad in school, being a pompous ass? get over yourself"
2 essays and a scene from a play that needs to be memorized   meh
stressed the f*** out
"in my life\oh, why do i give valuable time\to people who don't care if i live or die ?"
why does listening to <propmale> missile have to be more fun than regurgitating what a character in a play says? sigh
"drarzate is a fucking piece of shit scumbag asshole fucking retard scumbag scumbag,little fucking piece of shit fuck youyou little fucking eatshit scumbag eat my shit,fuckwad fuckface you suck ass,you fucking scumbag you little fucking scumbag you're a condom you're a fucking condom fuck everyone who has been within 15 feet of you  you're a fucking piece-of-shit scumbag i hate your fucking guts,and i want you to die!"
another hectic 24 hours comng right up> annoyed 
"man i am going to champ that play scene tomorrow, my acting is legit x)"
fml
haha these past few hours have been great! definitely needed all that fun after such a stressful week> >
creating melodies at night   just feels right 
sleeping is for noobs
"raised up my english grade from a 51 to a 60 7 in 2 days, :') barely passed-just saved my ass a big ass struggle "
just went 67-14 on black ops   god damn
itouch or acoustic geeeeeeetar? $ {-} ! +
"apparently my sister is a \emo freak\"" according to the writing on my old room's  walls   i should have never gave her my room> > the couch is nice though"""
good morning
i can't wait for the lakers heat christmas game!!!
lol i hate it when people e playful ect me to know how to play a song by listening to it freaking once > >
some people from a church just gave us a free christmas tree  i may not be religious but i cant help but admire their kindness 
man i really want to get some kind of musical act going but no one seem's to be able to play anything or even learn  i cant wait till college to meet more people 
my sis is going through a screamo phase and its hurting my ears; gonna go show her some nirvana- that always seems to do the trick   
"full  smile  you know what's a good food? avocados  they fucking rule  fucking avocados  i'm so there if its gonna be avocados, i'm there  if i can have that with avocado, i'm gonna order it with avocado  that's my way  i'm like, yes to avocado  yes, yes, yes "
its so cold  imagine jumping into a swimming pool right now!
my little 5 year old brother thinks <propfirst> bieber is a bad word lmao i think i've taught him well x)
ritz+milk+glass=  love  haha
i have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and being hungry
making some dope ass beats music on ableton live!!! autechre and aphex twin always seem to bring me back   
"yo if anyone wants an original beat to rap too  or an original techno song, hit me up so we can collaborate!"
bleghhh bored with life  gonna change things up a bit  cheaahh
i think making music on ableton live has surpassed the need i used to have for playing the geetar so much   theres just so much more one can do 
holy mother of god have i been missing out  pandora is jebus!
do you feel like darth vader
my feet are lil rebels-they wont conform to being warm like the rest of my body > >
waited till 4 am for mom to give up the laptop > >
"me and <propfirst> just pulled an all nighter poking each other, now thats a poke war!   and kinda gay when taken out of context haha"
i talk lyke dis!
going on day 3 of my disavowal of sleep- cheah that rhymed
idk how im going to break my habit of waking up at 5 in 1 mofuckin week!
chillin at the library cause my house is internetless again> >
ill never forget these past 3 days  laugh 
"today is the greatest day i've ever known  can't live for tomorrow, tomorrow's much too long     get out of my head song!"
someone took a duty in my sandbox
well   i actually enjoyed twilight  smile  now i wanna see the rest -_-
im tired of playing cheap half assed made guitars   i miss my bc <propmale>  sad 
ha ha ha bless your soul
2 thumbs down on the <propfirst> wells deal 
i wish i had morrisey's voice!
man <propfirst> griffin has made me a bandwagon clipper fan  the dude is in constant beast mode!
i wish i couldve gave captain beefheart a <propmale> when i first heard them cause they are fucking awesome!
this internet blows dogs for quarters annoyed  better than nothing i guess 
"i get into captain beefheart and i find out that he died this december- after remembering every note, every lyric of his discography; it feels like a friend has died   sigh"
who won
discover more music or go to sleep and wake up for pointless ass school hmm
why does school have to start when my body feels the need to sleep? blegh
"not many people can hold a candle to emo phillips in terms of comedic? timing, originality, persona and especially, cleverness of writing  a legend  the only cool \emo\"" """
1337 $p3@k !$ pr377y l3g!7 0n h3r3
got a big night planned for my computer and i tonight 
am i the only one making a doritos sandwich right now?
skipping the first piece of bread to get to the real bread
thats the last time i ever play catch with myself while laying down on my bed   baseball to the face -__-
blah wah gah
wow im glad i stopped listening to eminem at age 9   
"instead of celebrating <propfirst>'s day this year, i'm celebrating discount chocolate tuesday "
its my money and i need it now!!!
that was the first time i threw up in like 10 years  in  so  much  pain!
i love to enjoy the special things in life: babies   puppies   and telling little kids on black ops that <propfemale> doesnt exist!
plowing through homework like tiger plows through bitches
"do stupid people ever hit a point in their life, where they realize theyre stupid?"
i guess i'm just doomed to live an unhappy life  gonna miss you pops   
oh flying spaghetti monster; you so funny
i hate when i'm comfortable in bed and i forget the remote on the dresser fml
so do we all have to update our statuses for the rest of our lives now?
i should make my room look like a classroom to make it easier to fall asleep
nooooo black ops is down!!!!!!!!!!
it takes balls to be a man
"and further still at an unearthly height,\one luminary clock against the sky\\proclaimed the time was neither wrong nor right\i have been one acquainted with the night "
i wish i couldve seen my dad today   they moved him to a different place   _ 
"no ones home, had to do the \out of toilet paper walk of shame\""   i usually yell for this kind of thing> >"""
this pbnj cant even handle me right now
shit
> surprise 
i got punished for something i didnt do   homework haha progress report was ehh  damn you senioritis 
one of my favorite things in the world is listening to a bands entire discography and finding a plethora of great fucking hidden gems
"moving is such a bitch   bye bye avalon street, hello wallace _ "
"good times for a change\see the luck i've had\would make a good man bad\\so please please please\let me get what i want\lord knows it would be the first time"
"any other atheists agnostics wish there was actually logical proof of \ god \""?"""
my beast of a room is finally void of filth for the first time since 2002ish  rip beast you will be missed
"2 days of living at <propmale> street and already someone stole our chihuaha   lol <propmale> that dog was annoying, good luck trying to get our pitbull haha"
tentacleees
if theres nothing here then its probably mine
"soooo much music, soooo little space"
am i the only one seeing any humor in this?   pearl harbor avenged   godzilla approaching   jap's getting pawned   this  is  so  cash!
"i wish there was a tv show that just followed hobo's around the streets, but not those boring hobos that only say god bless you, im talking about the eccentric, not giving a fuck hobo's that talk to themselves about the vietcong and and other random shit   lucky for me one hangs out around where i live"
"lol theres a dude in front of where i live sitting in his car karaoke-ing to oldies, right now he's on angel baby  laugh  laugh  laugh "
"the only people worse than those who think the beatles were the best band ever, are the people who think they suck "
my moms pulling one of her blah blah blah im never gonna come back antics again  i dont really care for the fact that i know that she's bullshitting but my little brother and sister must feel like shit> >
"just had an asshole epiphany but an epiphany nonetheless: isnt it kind of ironic that people are \praying\"" for the people in japan even though god is the one who fucked them up? haha"""
"this status goes out to all my status-less peeps out there  stay strong my friends, stay strong"
i wanna watch a movie on netflix but cant choose what to see   anyone have any recommendations?
i want a fender jazzmaster so bad!!!
lol my brother thinks i dont sleep because i do drugs all night   but in reality its  music- cant stand that there's something epic that i havent discovered yet
i'm not scared of a spark 
anyone have a drum set for sale?
im in the middle of a freshly painted room so i feel pretty good right now
its funny how people thank god for friday but not really for sunday   school tomorrow   yay?
fuck im so bored an apocalyptic earthquake wouldnt be half bad right about now
watching one flew over the cuckoo's nest   like a boss
dont eat the yellow snow 
"updates, just updates"
todays jam session was an epic start to my week 
thats the last time i let my mom cut my hair   she fucked me up lol
my dumbass dog got run over- she was almost 10 in human years> >
"man bites dog is a pretty badass movie anyone, anyone with netflix   watch it!"
it's time to d-d-d-duel!
