e0df01c0c5f1bf1fc65e633ca59be9c5
any 1 goin onna run lol
had plans to drink wit a couple peepz but hikez sry maybe next time chyllin wit da dope crew bout to set shyt off aha love yall famz   love 
damn wit all these bottles dont even kno how much we drank from my bottle 
damn im havin fun what about yall?
damn we really mustve been tryna fight haha got brusies on my knuckles lol
got myself sum koolaid n audric was followin me around n i gave him the first drink n after that he said mmmm mum mo lol he wanted another drink that was cute wish his daddy coulda seen him  hopefully 2morrow  a l j  love  a k l j love my boys  laugh 
haha kinda new to the site so yeah go easy on meh haha j p j p bouts to go swimmin  smile 
damn well going swimmin is not gunna happen i guess lmao so imma go swimmin in the tub again lmao
damn this bby momma needs a cig lol sadly sleep for most the day lol but yeah just illen with my bby
never mind i found it damn bored as hell right now but yeah wide awake lol enjoyin my day wit my bby hehe so happy en relieved right now haha thxs to gz woman lmao haha thats crazy as fuck but yeah made my day hahaha
gots dat music on blast chyllaxin wit my bby still think bouts what to do today it looks like its gunna rain lol
hey how do u poke people lmao i wanna get some good pokes in their lol
im in tha terrorizein mood lol en that niggy can't take some jokes lmao oh well imma be me en yall do u lol their aint nottin bout it here lol shawty just hatefull right now lmao
chyllin wit my famz bouts to head back to da house kickin it ready to get my pow wow on to nite lmao haha thats funny but gotta love it  smile 
chyllin wit my famz bouts to head back to da house kickin it ready to get my pow wow on to nite lmao haha thats funny but gotta love it  smile 
illen at the powwow damn good dancers ive seen so far awesomeness i do believe im lovin it  smile 
welll that was a dope ass man lol the dancers kicked ass but any who bouts to go home en yea put da bby to bed en think bout who i saw today lol awesomeness  smile 
shawty heyyyay lol but yeah bouts to go get muh hair done en yea get the swuver on for da pow wow yaya i just love my lil big sis <propfirst> bean yay she gunna make meh look fly haha
damn almost done gettin da hair done looks purrdy dope hehe its all good in my hood *wink wink*
yay my hair is done fur sexiness im complete now en shawty stayin fresh u kno dis  wink 
whats good everyone  notta damn ova here bored as hell need someone to chyll with any takers lmao j k
damn <propfirst> jourdain and his son have alotta fuckin nerv tryna call family services on me sayin im a bad mother  damn i got so much fuckin shyt on them why they tryna fuck with me when the fucker dont want nothing to do with his son im so sad en pissed right now   
im just chyllin wishin for a better day en yeah i need to go somewhere do something damn these couple days suck i needa smile on my face but so far nothing much but i need an upper  sad 
damn i want a beer or something!!!! lol hurt mode over here lmao
chyllin put my bby to sleep en wake en chyllin now  laugh  i had a nice nap lol weed put me under lol good good lol but awake haha
yay swimmin en grillin today sounds dope bouta get my boi ready for today take the lil munchkin for his first swimm this should be interestin en fun!
mmmm today was fun swimmin with my bby bro his gurl that was fun en funny my really cried when i went under water lol it was awesome swimmin today
fun today for sure lol cant type straight lol
nice en chyll mode right now just got dun wit a smoke illen wit my bby en bouts to listen to sum musik awesome right now   smile 
swimmin was fun as hell stayed long today en yeah bby hardly cried this tyme it was awesome!!!!
"is chyllin, illen, like an early morin villian    haha juss watchin a movie, these past few days have been oddly morbid to me but completely worth being happy en havin my baby with me! i can't believe my lil man turns one next week im so happy i have my lil man in my life! he's my world"
chhyllin with my bby needs some help wit sum shyt lol hopefully on it doe    gots some plans for me en my bbys future on the way it should be interestin i know im gunna give it my all 24 hrs 7 dayz a week  laugh  so excited for next month hopefully are planz come thru
str8 chyllin damn im gettin tired hmm    
chyllin in tha clouds en livin life proud! my baby has 5 more dayz dayum im a happy mami! illen on cloud9 high on lyfe!!!    maybe  wink  hehe
"dayum shawty in that moment where she juss says f*ck deez lil boyz, in my mynd state where imma be lookin for dat  right kindda man  sure az hell aint no where around here  lil boyz around here still needa grow up   hahaha"
chyllin lol damn i wish i could say what i really want say on here but i got more respect then that lol
"i just talked to a guy that sounded to good to be true    right heigh, sweet ass personality  treats his women right when he has one  sexy body en voice hmm nummy haha difference is in location but shyt id fuck lmao     "
wide awake en feelin fyne bout to take a puff of this joint of myne hehe 2 more fricken days till my <propfemale> turns one im so damn proud lol
chillen purrdy stoned rite noww  
yay im not so bummed today like hell gyea       wink   o em gee bouts to get so wasted today wow cant wait for the evenin hmmm
awesome day so far bout <propfemale> get muh smoke on then fade mode haha juss waitin for my cuz <propfemale> hit meh up     
illen at home wit my bby damn only ones home today again lol for awhile maybe this evenin i dont kno wide awake all early again lol damn did i ever get fucked up last nite still feelin it kinda hahhaahaa
aww man my bby just dont want to give up that bottle he dont like sippy cups jeez hes really cryin my poor bby en hes just tired    i feel bad bout takin his bottles away i think imma go get em  i hate seenin my <propfemale> cry  makes me wanna be sad to      
hmm im so bored right now lmao i wanna chat but no way of chattin here lmao some text me or somethin lmao5564794
fb\\nmeka*marie
chyllin now thinkin bout takin a nap i dunno yet tho lmao where the hell is everyone today? damn i dunno tho i really need to escape right now     
chyllin i really had to get outta the house chyllin with micky right now hmm its nice to be away for a lil while still wish they woulda let me bring my bby
just illen feelin okay lol got my high on en had a few shots chylllin wit micky his neph en his neph's friend lol its nice lol
damn that <propfirst> tasted good lol dayum i neeed more lmao but gyea  im ight now lol not so bummed out now lol    
just got outta jail today lol was e playful ectin an ear beating but yeah everyone is ight with it lol they took it easy on me in court so im so greatful today just watchin ts3 wit my bby   im happy to be home wit him    
is always subjecting herself with something she know will never work out tyme to get back to reality      kinda bummed but then again      
damn it feels good to lay in my nice soft comfortable bed  en not that wack ass jail bed lmao imma sleep good tonight lol
dayum i fucked up my arm that shyt hurt like hell! now i  know i broke somethin in my wrist    gettin ready to go to btwn get my son a haircut lil man is gettin bushy lol
hmm well this crazy chick is off <propfemale> bed g mornin fbookers peace lol
happy birthday to my grammpa cook out n everythin lol should be dopeness today lol but yea hopin to do something nice today to hopefully lol
chyllin get muh grub on  fuller den hell lol nice lil party at least my grampas havin fun yay!!! dayum tho lmao i cant eat anymo lmao!!!
"\i need one joint so i can get two joints\"" lmao that was so funny lmao"""
sg hmm whiskey in jar  (*thinkin mode wink  wish i could relive the good ol days lol
beautiful witha slitely dirrty mind   sweet en kind at the same tyme   nice en confident so no ones gunna break my pride    hehe  wink 
chyllaxin still think bout what to do hmm dunno yet tho    away in the sky en feelin so high life coulda be any better    420 on my brain en im feelin insane but things couldnt be anymore funner   hehe
beautiful en crazy  alive en juss amazin  not feelin hello shady but still i got my shyt ready <propfemale> keep dat boy on whip 
needs some digits im in a textin mood anyone wanna chat lol get at me wit a name en numba lol en ill get a cha hehe    
"well g-mornin fbook, imma call it a good mornin, en ill catch yalls later today  laugh  imm bouts <propfemale> crash lmao blabben bout nothin lol had tonz fun tho lol"
"i cant help but wait, til u see with me it aint tha same  i cant help but wait, for u to see u for who u really are    but i cant help but wait    "
this lil dumplin is hello lovin this homemade chicken en dumplin soup mmm nummy lol imma dumplin en chick yall after lol   
"chyllin likea early mornin villian    lol damn tha mission school at night is def fuckin huanted wish yall coulda seen en heard wtf we heard in that fuckn damn place, fuckin sounded straight up like their was a dog in that fuckin gym en its bark juss echod thought the school  those fuckin foot steps comin toward us really fuckin creeped tha fuck outta me damn lol"
damn i needa move off the rez en look for a new man somewhere away from here lol tonz of guys on this rez but not one my type lol well cept for the few i took interest in lmao wish i could see sg again shy sweet en respectful en good talker en listener not juss a guy tryna get in ya pants lol he was sweet    
"tha angels above, tha devil below, im stuck in tha middle with nothin to show, killin me softly, while tha cold wind blows, wishin my fellins never went cold       hehe im in a thinkin mode right now lol"
g mornin fbers imm off now to much things on my mynd right now en is guuna call it a night   hopefully ill be interestin tomorrow gen lol highly dout it thought lol but gyea peace peeps     
"damn skeeterz love muh bloood     theyer chewwin my ass up, muss meen i gotta sweeet ass lmao jk damn i need f n beer, shot, or <propfirst> right now kinda pissed en need to get away from this fuckin place got daayumm       lol but chyea someone hit ya girl up wit a text or some sheeyt lol 556-4794"
is chyllin bouts call it a night en sleep for a few   well g night peeps lol keep it tight yall lmao get it lol jk jk
happy bday cuz!    ull forever be in our hearts   damn i wish i wasnt havin a bummed out day   
chyllin <propfemale> wit muh homie hehe but chyea juss playin a game    havin fun! despite being bummed out today     all smiles for awhile hehe da bbys are juss cute en crazy together lol        wink 
brit u kno ur muh gurl!! lol im havin a blast!! wit cha thanks furr brighten up muh day!!! ur an awesome friend!!!
chyllin just watchin tv en gyea layin around    its nice as hell outside but gyea miserably hot in the house but whats up tonight everyone???
well hope everyone has a good mornin <propfemale>day imma bouts <propfemale> crash so check yall tmorrow af<propfemale>noon have an ace one till then hehe peace evrybodyy!!
evryboddy needs a break sometymess     i know he hasnt been round for meh en my bby i juss wanna wish da bby d a hppy bday turned 21   even tho aint gun be round still wish ya da best    whatta mornin hehe all hot gen lol good aftanoon evrybody!!! hehe
hmm i wish i met this dimitri guy hmm he sounds so sensual en sexy    all i can say is rawr lol im stuck in fantasy land right now hahaha sexy ass name dimitri lol hmmm    
chyllaxin bby bouncin back listenin <propfemale> some musik    bouts <propfemale> go smoke a few en get muh dance on lol haha jk bout da dancin lol maybe not    haha
seein stars     hmm dazed en confused    shyt dayum i dunno whata think prettii much in a daze bout the situation fuck y did i answer tha phone    g mornin fbook peeps peace    
illen at da crib juss rolled a few en now bout to go chyll outside its nice since its not hot out lol
hmmm just went threw some old papers i had saved for awhile     en i cant help but feel stunned en missin tha past    just read an peom someone wrote to me en yea i kinda miss em     i dunno what to think when i read that peom    hmm im so zoned en dazed right now    
"good aftanoon peeps so whats the 420 on 420 niggazzz lol dis juss shawty got juss a lil sumtin, sumtin lol    "
chyllin en illen wit deez crazy muthafuckazz i call muh cuzinz lmao hehe much luv to ya guyzz laughin my ass off en havin funn!! back to bizz now hahhaaha   
"wonders why its it that,wait no offence to anybody but, chyea that the only guys that can spark a reall conversation without it bein sexual, sick, 3n overly sarcastic r gay     lol damn makes me wish i was guy lmao then maybe i wouldnt have such a hard tyme lookin for a man thats not afraid to be sweet en willin to treat u lika treasure u really r lol if that makes eny sence lmao"
whats up fbook its a beautiful day in tha abliss   i so cant wait for 23th dam im gettin impatient lol gyea tryna configure my hustle today   
dayum lmfao deez niggazz crazy den hell!! lol they talkin some crazy fuckin sheeyt lol     havin a good tyme right now   
nothin like watchn my bby sleep n enjoyin a good movie  wink  but gyea enjoyn my tyme juss kickn back   hope all is well fur ya fbookers!!  smile 
i miss da old days    they were so much fun inna way lol    im lookin at his old photo en i miss him    that sweet piece of <propfemale> i cant touch anymore    feeln stunned     lol
"a thousand eyes of fire, couldnt burn me down, n keep me from missin n seenin u    they can judge me all they want, my feelins for u will always stay da same    hehe i love u always   "
"like omfg dayum!!! its been like 2 months since his dad wanted to see him n last tyme his dad n other grampa came over tha fuckers said they were gunna try take my baby from me!!!! like wtf n now they want him today day??? hmm i dont kno what to think or do!!! mayne im inna dilemma right now, advice is open to me right now!!!!!"
oh mayne i hvnt seen a cute sk8boarder since last year lol hm this ones not tht bad lol hm enjoyn sittn outside right now n checkn out da view  \\n innocent*love
hmm today was so interrestin lmao hmm i cant wrap my mynd bout what happened today n i so cant wait till tomorrow for real tho first thing i been able to look forward to since next week tha 23 hehe
omg my bby took his first steps today on his own omg im so fricken proud of my baby boy sweetie pie!! hehe omfg i love bein mommi  wink \\n innocent*love
juss got done watchn (punisher: war zone) that was a dope fricken movie but cant top the first punisher lol well i think haha but yea mite call it a night dunno yet tho kinda tired lol
chyllaxin its a beautiful day hmm its good to say hehe me n my bby just chylln watch iceage <propfemale> of the dinos hehe
chyllin listenin to some devildriver- bitter pill       badasss song haha in juss chylln smokin kicn back haha but gyea till then    
"?i dont wanna be unusual, but derz alotta thingzz datt i can see meh doin tuu yuu  ? yuu sayy yuu gotta work tomorrow, yuu can make it doe, even doe derzz prolly <propfirst> placezz we could go   we in da studio    oh oh   ?"
"?i dont wanna be unusual, but derz alotta thingzz datt i can see meh doin tuu yuu  ? yuu sayy yuu gotta work tomorrow, yuu can make it doe, even doe derzz prolly <propfirst> placezz we could go   we in da studio    oh oh   ? jammin to sum musyck!! hehe"
"is thinking, if <propmale> goes to school, what does that make <propmale>?\ it makes <propmale>weiser """
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get)"
i could really use a cigerette lol         damn its nice n <propfemale> out beautiful beautiful day i muss say hehe
whata beautiful day to try to get a job lmao fuck feels like its gun be a nice hot day    haha so wish meh luck haha n happy birthday to britniez lil man <propmale>    hope yall have a blast  laugh  n hope i get a job haha    
"im starin into space right now    disappointed how today turned out   n thinkn where everyone went, n what i did to make them distant   n why    \\n*idntgiveafuk*"
is wonderin around lika lost puppy    lol someone come save me lol   \\n*idntgiveafuk*
hmm today was yet a slow day lol juss sittn round n what not im glad i got some smokes tho   i wish i had my money tho i hate waitn lol     
good night fbrs well actualy i mean good mornin hehe but im off to bed my eyes r killn me so im takin it as a sign that i need to go to sleep lol but hope all is well wit errybody  laugh 
wake n bake yay     man i missed out on a damn interveiw today fuck!!!! fuckn shitty recption at my moms fuck!!!!! im so damn bummed  sad  i juss wanna cry  sad   sad  whyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!! lmao yea watta why to start a day shit!!!!!!!! lol well damn    
my baby likes funyuns lol holay hes grubbn away i juss love him  laugh 
boatsz n hoesz lmmfao haha bby girl haha u make us wee taw did lmao whatta day lol    
im so in fantasy land again lol i so wish my fantasy reality was real lol always puttin hope n muh head    shweet dreams n shweet meanings hehe    some one shake meh silly   lol im livin in a dream haha   
"yeaa dass right imma late night txter, haha im so wyckedly in a blazed up haze, sometymesz i cant help but feel amazed waitn for new e playful eriences  \\n*shweet*meka*"
"postd thinkn bout how many tymes i actually got asked out lol    i\remember the only actual date i have ever went on was to roller world\lmao all sad but adorable,   how do u spend tyme on a date if u dont kno\wtf a real date is?!?!     lmao?!?"
chyllaxin haven a burr bouts to roll up real swift den   haha so lucky i didnt chicken out lol cuz i gotta burr outta bein brave lmfao good tymes good tymes lol
"say this really fast { i,1, 2, 1 2, 6} 'like' if you get it! lmaaoo"
am i single or not u answer me lmao i dont know wtf is a real rs is       
lmao fawk cant we all juss get along lmao arguein over fuckn food fuckn aye man damn she juss need to quit eggn shyt on dammit    \\n*shweet*meka*
chylln at da legion have a brew haha damn band sounds dope juss bout to start on dat brew hehe this is fun haha nice night so far    if ur haven one have one fur me cuz im sure haven one for yall hehe!!!!
umm if anyone has my celly number juss lose it lol i either lost it or it got jacked lmao thats funny but owe well payday today n e wayz!!!!
wake n bake tyme last night was awesome got nice n baked chyllin wit brit n ash haha was tryna drink but then we got high lol
cant tink bout what to do         
hmmm      gunna be bby free dis week end what to do      haha still tryna figure out what to occupie my tyme wit this weekend      hope it pans out today     
wuta friday night hehe havin fun kickn it haven a mix haha wish dey played some cooler musik tho haha jp but anyways hope everyone is havin a great night as well hehe
haha lol man im n da zone haha brb haha       
lmao damn deez lil boyz r nutty lol thass crazy     man i miss my lil hunbun audy       sad 
yay rl bound! i cant wait to snuggle wit my <propfemale> i missed him so much i cant wait to see dat lil mans smile!!!!
i love my self sum smile empty soul   laugh  im not even tired lol     
lmao u kno i kno your dancin round in your tighty whities right?!?!? lol                             ryst go put some clothes on we can see your stains!!!! lmmfao jp jp
haha lol damn used to stay up earlier then this haha tha humor is keepn me wake lol
how is it you can be with someone yet still feel alone      haha man thass sad  lol
i realized its good to refrain yourself from talkin about others when it comes down to it  it helps you grow and proves that some people are just better off dead to you and realize they werent worth the breath anymore  ill forgive but ill never forget 
holay lol juss woke from a dead sleep and i had the most non existent dream ever  talk about snappin back to reality  haha it was about vampires oooo lol jp but my god i literally felt my blood bein suckd from my body that was to realistic i woke from my dream in a gasp  all oxygen and my blood bein suckd dry 
man i need to get away just way to bummed right now  i wish i had an escape to bury myself in  i really want to be with him  well i got to cuddle n watch him sleep for a while  he just needs to be home with me 
emotions right now are shot nothing i can do right now but try to keep my head up  and hope for a better situation to arise  i was so happy with the time i got to spend with him today  n hopefully 2morrow we will get more time  i have a headache right now i should just sleep my time away again so when i wake he`ll be here  at least he kno where his home n bed is n that when he saw me he was all smiles 
wish i had a smokn buddi! i need a smokn buddi!
wheres my smokn buddiz me feel lonely lmao i want some comedy wit my smoke lol i cant smoke alone again  sad   lol if i smoke alone its no fun lmao end up talkin to myself as usual  lmfao
warriors are on a roll  way to team  
yay i totally have my fone back n i didnt have to get a new one! then we went to tha volleyball game tha first game was awesome till they let #5 play! then the game went to hell  but its awesome i got my fone back!
tryna taka nap wit my handsume lil beast but gyea hes to busy tryna watch t v n pull my hair n crawl away haha hes crazi i jus love him 
chyllin got an half an hour left watching toy story 2  n eating cheez-it's wit my baby boy then probly call it a night  but hope all is well with fb tonight   wink 
hmm well i worked out a couple issues that need to be taken care of with my sons father  i still dont have trust in him yet but hes goin to drop off them papers n wants to talk or sum  n i kinda dk what to do         
hmm would be nice to chyll with him again  maybe strike up a bigger conversation then before  maybe it wont be so awkward lol well wth? but till then lol       
i miss my baby  sad   hmmm n tomorrow seems like forever  thats funny how he can think ussume he could use me like that  haha he must be blind n out his mind to think im that kind of person lol im no fool like dat     
hmm i can admit i couldnt be happier about how everythin is turnin out n my son gets to come home today  i the happiest mommy in the world today! i missed him so much!   wink 
this zombie is off to bed  lol
needs affection but is in a tug of war between our hearts  why must i always get myself in these predictaments  haha most ive been confused in years       
"here i go, this is my confessional  a lost cause, nobody can save my soul  i am so delusional with every move i die      on the floor, im just a zombie, who i am is not who i wanna be, im such a tragedy with every move i die     "
"well well well look what problems my web has caught now, im not to sure he'll survive the poison coated kiss thats instore for his delicate pure heart             i kno now im not his curse but his sweet addiction       "
pour some sugar on me      ooo in the name of love  pour some sugar on me   ooo come on and fire me up      pour your sugar on me      ooo i cant get enough       haha i got that stuck in my head haha
o em g! haha i underestimated my e playful ectations haha it was awesome i just wish i had more time that was fun 
"we are always runnin for the thrill of it, the thrill of it  always pushin up the hill searchin for the thrill of it, thrill of it "
"i smoke, i drink, i do my thang, i'm livin in my own world  and if they hate, i let them, who gives a fawk  and they wanna about what i do  i'm livin in my own world, i chill back and i spread peace en love   love "
well today couldnt of gotten any worse  had plans today but their mad so im broke again  geez i need a cig           
why must i always feel bummed when my baby is gone away      hmm what to do       
well whata beautiful weekend lol beautiful sober weekend im so glad about where this is goin haha
mmmm yummy gun have frybread tacos nummy        haha hope all is great with all have a great day everyone  wink 
dude i wanna c paranormal activity 2 that looks good haha
my secret i love country music  wink  haha whats a secret u always wanted ppl to know?              lol some secret eh? lol
<propmale> for prom <propmale> hez got ice cream lmao dont even go to school lol vote fo da mexican coyote  jp luv ya brah  lol
damn lol i dont know why this popped in my head but i remember havin trip out spells happen to me when there was a wicked thunder storm  especially when all the yard lights went out  startd tripn to the point where i thought zombies were gun pop outta no where  lmfao man whata imagination i had lmao       
holay i need to get ready then head out to more awkward situations but maybe ill get passd it again
look at that half a <propfemale>                lol aj pull up your pants lmao jp but its a nice october night hehe
i so cant wait for my sis inlaw has my lil niece  smile  bb <propfemale> im excited to be an auntie  hehe i still cant believe <propmale> is gun be a dada 
good mornin famz n frenz hope its a beautiful day for all  smile  n i hope are warriorz kick <propmale> booty at brooklyn center taday  i so wish i coulda went to the game  go team go hehe
was thinkin bout my past back when i was in school  i wish i would of went out for sports  i wanted to but wanted to be an artist        wonder if they would of gotten me somewhere?? lol artist wise  not sports  lol
i wnt 2 sneak away n have a few since my babys at his dadyz      hmmm but where to? i tink imma wonder to that one place lol so prolly gun leave da celly home n dip out haha hope everyones havin a goodnite  wink 
haha that was so funny i got a lecture from my gramps about my health and smokin n he was all acting serious bout it  then alil while later he gives me some money for sum smokes lol hes jus crazy i jus luv him lol
lmao im sorry i fell in your hole! it was fun tho lmao whata night   laugh 
damn last night was f'n fun  did some semi-illegal stuff lol that was funny tho lmao to top it off i fawkin fell n a hole  n that was a big hole lmao lucky i didnt wake up sore that was 2 crazie  lol
"im thinkin maybe    i can't have relationships  cause lately there not making any sence  and baby your the one thing on my mind, but that change anytime       "
"sometimes i think to myself \wtf were you thinkn?\"" then the other opinion in my head pops up  \""sheeyt it was f'n fun tho right? \"" lol o <propfemale> g imma dork lol  wink """
"t g 0 d        uh huh you kno what it is, everythin i do, i do it big  uh huh screamin, dass nuthin  pull out da lot nigga dass stunnin     "
lol my baby is eatn pears n chicken lol wonder where he gets these weird food combos lol
is so totally goin baby blue when i get paid  miss being the colorful buttafly i used to be     
who ever hasnt tried dill pickle chips w jalepeno cheddar dip  has got to try it they're the bomb lol n its not weird lol cuz their delicious hehe  wink 
bfmv- your betrayal          i f'n love bfmv!!
"give me your heros, your sinners, n saints          i can't lie i love ozzy 2 lol well not literally lol just his music lol"
watching beavis and butt-head do <propfemale>  lmao and it popd n my head i met a couple guys that act like butt-head lmao havent met a beavis yet lmao dont think i want to either lmao
aww i juss  love  love  love  my babe audric kylanlee jourdain  he can fall asleep to me singing  lol crashes out no matter how bad i sing              
"wow was startin to be a great day, until the feeling like its going to be a lonely lonely weekend overwhelmed me      man hopefully they dont ask for him i cant stand the lonely days without him     "
omg im so bored     
just got done cleanin lol n they said imma make it storm so hope fully that dont happen lol jp but yay goin get muh bby in a <propfemale>  i missed him so much yay!
well i didnt make it storm but sure made it sprinkle lol watchin my munchkin get into everything lol
omg hes a damn good grower <propfemale> thought hg could be so damn good  the taste was so yummy n was chylln so high the sky was the limit      gyea i would do it all over again hehe
i cant believe hes trying that bad to make me happy  it makes me question his motives  like hello who are you n what have you done with that guy i once knew  i dont kno but i am loving it  ba dawt dawt da da      lol
are you the type to be open minded  or closed minded?               me personally im openminded with an urge to let it be known openmindness is better then to be caught up in solitude thinkn i wish i could of spoke my mind 
oh how i love halloween well got stuff to do tomorrow 
man i wish my fone would let me put my pics up lol thats jus cute audric is sleepin huggin his stuffd monkey aww i jus love my baby   smile 
is very nervous  im sorry i really am but dude im nothing special  everything will get better then i will cease to exisit  just another fading memory         
"you make the rain fall, cause your so beautiful, that its painful, yea you told me that you were an angel, but i already know what you came for you make the rain fall     "
well imma call it a mornin n crash i gots busy sheeyt to do tomorrow      gnite i mean gmornin fb peeps  wink 
i dont kno why           
omg deer river volleyball team is fucking beast! damn now thats a real volleyball game!!!
wild turkey yum haha doin it up punisher style haha
well today was a long day gun call it a night mite be home tomorrow missed my audric allday  well to thy frenz have a goodnight n pce 
"ya i can tell just by looking at you, you gotta little weiner, and <propfemale> nutz           lmfao "
wow what a wild night  only wished i coulda wilded out to haha jp  i love looking forward to doing new stuff with my son  smile  so hopefully treat street today if his dad aint to hungover n is still goin to take us  if not for sad  lol
happy halloween every one! my spidaman is crashd n dis juggalette is off to keep it wicked  haha wish this day would never end 
"oh how the night slowly passes by, makes me wonder n question why  but in the end its something to visiualize  very curious on how this weekend is goin to be  hopefully dope       "
6 1 2 or 7 inches  sad 
i want to go back in time and do alotta things different haha but hykez! lol
"his lips, his lips, i could kiss them all day if he'd let me "
thinks that the geraffi on madagascar is a bad influence for kiddiez  ya lets show a geraffi with a pill addiction  to our little kidz  thats real cartoon entertainment  lmao i have to throw it away when he get older n notices wtf that geraffi dose lmao 
"my conv wit muh gma!:  me: green peppers wit meatloaf? (gma: yeah its good like that! now i gotta grab my weed  (she gose to the pantry, grabs a bag of dehydrated crushed up green peppers ) gma:now thats my weed go grab your papers n lets try sum   lmmfao that was nutty!"
sunday is going to suck  ah just another day  bouts to go freeze fo a cig haha
boi have you lost your marblez?!? lol
oh how i miss my audy  i miss my lil teddybear  couple more dayz  smile  i cant wait!
needz a partner n crime  my last one got 2 burnt out n she no stoner no mo  lol damn you only quiterz quit lol i aint worried <propfemale> <propfemale> gun convince her to hit it again one day haha but im still outta a partner n crime still illegal fos six mo hours haha
thankz fur da birfday commentz every1 lol all kinda late but thanxz! hehe
"your like a drug that i cant stop taking, that addiction that i cant stop craving     "
why aint i something to you? u straight make meh feel lika spedassole lmao no good i guess!
"your like a drug that i cant stop taking, that addiction that i cant stop craving     "
whats eating you?
i miss someone that dont miss me  haha
mmmmmm taco salad tacoz yummy my gramz is awesome! n funny hahaha
yes i googled    haha
boutz <propfemale> blaze one for sum healthy zzz's hehe gotz stuff to do tomorrow  n tonight has brightened up these pass few days n i had fun <propfemale>lkin n cruisen round blazen  hmm wonder what 2morrow will bring when im free  wink 
n were doin it punisher style hahaha
hello long haired cutie witta booty haha     a- why you lik guys wit long hair?    me- i loves hot guys wit long hair their naturally sexy   a- i asked u why u dork!?!               lmao either im blonde or dat aint a straight answer lmao
yay i get to runaway tonight haha if dey dont chicken out lol but so far its on biaz! hahaa
mmmmmmmmmm dill pickle chip n jalepeno dip here i come yum oh n imma grow wings n redbull away haha
"sry friends i only kno english n rez talk, a lil bit of spanish, a few words of french n <propmale>  but i perfer u talk to me in english! lol"
listenin to dope! n ugh    lil man musta got ahold of it cuz its skippin  sad  hmmm how dope reminds me of my wild younger dayz haha n i want to cause trouble again ;p
"*oh sheeyt, itz on like donkey kong! im out have a great night fb peepz  unless i pop in to say hi! lol"
stopin in <propfemale> say hi! n im off once again fo da night! one mo all nighter haha! yay! then my honeyz comin home 2morrow cant wait but im out<propfemale> hurr!!!! lol
my son likez funyunz hehe gets it from mamaz side lol luvz my lil audric hehe  laugh 
weeds how i love u so!
oemgee weeds was f'n epic cant wait for the next season! now a dose of the big c! luv em!
i kno your hatred for me lmao u think i care haha kryst move on ur not an issue or a <propfemale> 2 me n havent been for like ever! lmao
needs a moke pce for now all smilez n a big ass cheers! haha
what should i do today?
wow i surprise myself sometimes lol blonde moment lol
"smoken dat hydro, take a hit from the blunt yeah boy u know whats up  haha caught <propmale> pretty good "
dreaming in red
audric woke from a bad dream just playd his fav rammstein song n hez back to sweetdreams  hmm i should take that que n crash 2 so goodnight quiet fb 
lol damn nigga whatchu on!?! i want sum lmfao jp im good  haha new clip fo the memoriez haha
wonder what surprises r n store for me after mite have to take a nap then wake up n find out lol
"he's that place between heaven and hell, the love givin straight from heaven and the situations we have straight from hell, but in the middle enjoying our deepist desires n those spontanious reactionz "
ten on sumin n nothin to do  chillin all alone with plenty time to spare  mmhmm it makes me wish someone was here  :b
"\what happened to your pants!?          *uh your boyfriend has em!\"" lol thats crazi """
lmao hes sittn round here wit soft palms!     *shit nigga you c deez calouses!*  spose when hez done he wipez hiz hands off wit hiz knit cap! lmmfao! new mix half n half budlight n captin! *tastes preety good!* crazy ass!!! maz crazi!
damn why cant i wake up hungover  alwayz gotta snap outta it half shot las night was fun tho lol 
mmm wonder if its hangover soup lol sounds preety good right now lol
awww the big c made me want to cry  now weeds again   smile  wish i coulda got to know my sperm daddy  lol but seriously wonder what it would of been like having my father in my life  well at least he was aware of me 
mmhmm yup yup
whoz got 5? i got 5 lol lets match it up lmao
*tootie fruity! !tootie fawkin fruitty!!! lol waitin n that just popd in my head lmao
waitin for my little love! mmhmm!
"lol im smart haha got some spicy chicken out the freezer got ready to put sum in the oven  then go to put the rest away, kryst here i go in almost put the frozen chicken in tha pantry! lol n my gramz look at me n sayz gawd your just like your granpa lol so funny  lol"
i need a back massage lol dat niggy better get over here n do tha damn thang haha  jk i do need one tho 
damn never knew he loved me that much he said he never lookd for any1 else after me i think hes the one       
lil man just brushed his teeth now were off to bed goodnight every1  laugh 
damn were gun go 4wheelin threw this awesome weather!! should be fun lol
"its like salt in an open wound, painful yet pleasurable,      hahaa"
<propfemale> makes you dandy haha abra kadabra <propfemale>  haha
i love that my baby loves to cuddle when we watch his fav movies 
my son is fawkin awesome! he was headbangin n dancing to dope!!! awww he make me proud!!! love my lil audi
"im higher then hell, looking at heaven below  happy turkey day every1!! n have a goodnight  laugh "
fawk today is all i gotta say  but have a good turkey day everyone 
"bouta get higher then hell, to look at heaven below  gunna go smoke n forget today ever happened  oh n do dishes when i get back lmao tyy-ya lmao oh well at least theyre will be peace in the once hostile enviornment lol"
*sigh          
why! its just to sad r i p unkle <propfirst>!!! were going to miss you n we luv you  n happy birthday gramma! i wish you some happiness on this sad day wow never e playful ectd to wake up like this
beautiful insomnia hmm have alot on my mynd  spose i can try to sleep       sigh         
really sum cool peepz ridin round wit no lights on der car blastin sum madd maxxx! lol really dope aha
"mmhmm its time to sleep now  hope me n my bby get to see him this time n chill, goodnight all for real   smile "
lmao i always knew he took it in the chili ring lmao       
its funny how peepz get butt hurt over lil jokes lmao 
i was txtn while going to have a smoke en here i walkd into tha damn wall lol only me haha 
"stoners live, stoners die, on a daily basis we all get high, grab your papers, grab your <propfemale>, i say fuck the world lets smoke all nite long, puff, puff, pass, keep it in line here mafucka smoke this joint of myne  ~cannabis lover~"
always the only one up this late over here  i think its finally tyme to get to bed      but of course in a <propfemale> goodnight everyone sweet dreams  smile 
k i regret cutting my hair lol its a nice day out! to bad we couldnt use tha car pusssez to scared cuz its icy out lol best tyme to go 4wheelin!!!
drivers <propmale> car got into an accident on 89 almost lookd lik they ne<propmale><propmale> the jaws of life  roads r slippery shouldnt of been spe<propmale>ing  hope theyre okay tho 
aww he told me my bby boi misses me n peeks down stairs then says mama all sad like   sad  miss my audy cant wait to be with him 
smokin then gun clean so then me n my bby can go chill with my babe  smile  i love that my bby n babe get along so great n that my bebz likes him 
"misery must be your friend since your fueling so much jealousy, thought u werent the jealous type, move on en get ur mind right  lol waitn on tha babe   wink "
i always missed these feelings he makes me feel  goodafternoon my love  aha made me feel great today  todays gun be a good day  hehe  laugh 
i love when u buy the right shampoo n after a shower ur hair smells so delicious n it feels so soft hehe wonder why it takes forever for my hair to dry     
its weird and funny how he knows im giving a fake smile  smile 
muh babe got paid yay wonder whats in store for us today hmmm mmm burger <propmale> lol right away food lol
i wish i had zerophilia lol best of both worlds aha
butterflies dont compare to these chills lol
i shoulda quit smoken weed when i did quit smoken  cause when i did quit i kno wasnt haven these bullshit mood swings  lol gawd im pissed  lol
omg  i have hate in my head right now 
wow  p o b i f h i h
my beb loves dem pizza rolls  to bad i aint a big fan of em lol
what a nice day err     
lmao he got <propfirst> over me postin comments on guy's fbz status's lmmfao funny
this plane- by: nipsey hussle  love 
"i know a place we can go      where you can be yourself,    where you ain't gotta worrie,    en we ain't gotta rush, cause we not in no hurry                 you can't be afraid to let go,   you gotta let go of yourself,    but you ain't gotta worrie,    cause dis gonna take some time but we not in no hurry                love "
wow shes ah dirty butthole lmao chili ring better get back to her chili dawg lmmfao juss playin lmao me n audy still luv u spedass  playful  u better gowan <propfemale> bed lol
well off 2 bed  hopefully tha status jealousy will be over 2morrow lol nyy nyte every1 hope yall have sweet dreams  smile 
yay hes over the status jealousy but the lil games hes playin right now r kinda makin me mad   playful  hope i dont let him get to me  lol
well imma plot to move till new years hopefully 
bustin the bad boy! lol bad boy bad boy whatcha gun do? whatcha gun do when i come for you! lol chasen my naughty audy round for his bath lol silly baby jus love you!! lol
damn havent been up this early since i cant remember lol goodmornin everyone!!!
lmao when i saw that bia like that <propfemale> first thing that poppd in my head was bitch you aint real! lmfao!! first funny of tha day lmao!
yay get 2 own again tonight n dang audric has a bad whip lol ima have to post a pic of it lol
"wow what a restless night  still up,   thinkn bout makin sum coffee, maybe watch sum news for once lol but goodmorning every1 "
that was fun chillin wit muh cuzzos mj en dougi moo lol now bouta get ready to go shopping  great start to an awesome day  laugh 
damn been awhile since i chylld on dis comp lol cant use this keyboard worthshit lol jp
" love  he's such a believer  smile   sweet sinner make these innocents disappear lik an angel crossed over, by the devils wings she has over fear'd, her wings have been clipped her halo broke in 2, views of love and death, sealed in a lovely hollow poem made by a sinners prayer, a sinners deadly <propfemale>  love  thy love is dead but thy love is true  a sinner or saint which one are you?       "
"that chapter is complete  laugh  lots of ups n downs, but so ready to start the next one  lovin it  laugh  wow nah more lik whoa hehe          love  a k l j *  love  * aj  love  love you boys till the end,  wink  goodnight every1 n world "
yup shes right imma lovable dweeb lmao
mmmmmm muh gammaz chili n frybread is freaking awesome! munch mode then prolly smoke ;p oh n yay he came kissed my crabby ass n said he was sorry awww cant stay mad at him for long maybe just overnight tops lol awesome day so far   wink 
aww my audric has just been crabby here hes teething his fangs r coming out n i put sum baby orajel on em n he bit me harder then hell lol aww my baby  smile 
any matchables? lol inbox me
chylln wit my homie branz n her sista <propfemale> bouta have a good tyme  wink 
need sum more jrinkin buddyz lol whutz up peepz lol
come on now every1 aint that drunk yet i hope not lol  playful 
chylln house sittin waittin for my babe to come smoke me up jammin out while my lil man rests his sleepy head  wink 
<propfemale> in wonderland  love  love that my son needs me to hold him to rest his sleepy head  smile  very good day n night 
well its a sad day my lil man is just sick i really hope he gets better  i wish i was the one sick n not him 
lol dam thats crazy i had a dream n 7 people on friends list were in it haha that was nutty n i still remember it lol
aww how cute all he wants for christmas is me        lol again cute but funny aha     
<propfemale> christmas every1 yay day 2! get to open hella more gifts audy is gun have alot of fun my <propfemale> really spoild my beb n dam did he ever get alot of gifts this year! ! ! yay
"imma <propfemale> little penguin, waddlin here, waddlin there, got that stuck in my head haha my lil bebs toy "
nothings worse than doing nothing            lol turned on the radio n thats the first thing it said chyllin n the car smoken ah <propfirst> haha
"sum good smoke n great lovins, all i need aha cant wait to chill wit my <propfemale>, tonights the night love fam tyme  wink "
"who the hell acts like an asshole, just cause they they catch a babys sickness, i kno it sucks being sick but thats fucking retarded guess only them  that just p m o"
my mornin started out good got to visit wit my fam[ily]  love  audy was just happy   love 
well today was good cleand house tryna relax but is really bored doing nothing 
hopefully its the next best thing 
imma slow poker lol
"haha im the bad guy again  shits the same ol story with him, haha fuck him and them  aint nothin but two faced bia anyways lol"
wow wish i didnt answer my fone  but thought that niggy was dien blowin up my fone like that lol  oh well knew there was gun be at least one more dramatic event before the year is over lmao 
well off 2 bed again lil mans prolly goin to sleep till the afternoon since the rude awakening  hmmm ill prolly put him to sleep n lay here n think gotta alot on my mind  golly
happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ry1 i hope u's have fun  n stay safe  smile 
"woke up quarter to nine n i gotta admit im feelin fine, kinda cold but its all good  waitin on my lil babe to wake from his slumber n later on in da day, sure to have a number yippy n tadays fam trip is gun be fun today is a good day  oh n if u had the #4071713 lose it lost my fone beginning of the year 1-1 but imma have a new one yay but damn fone #5 hope it lasts haha n again today is a good day  wink   love "
"hmm i dont see fun in forever, just in the moment  wink  lovin this job chyll mode ryte now thinkin bout takin a break already ahaha ;p"
off work  yay think imma blaze again aha love it  wink 
hello
forgot i got a new phone finially lol some1 hit me up wit sum digits lol
munchie tyme lol
hmm i dunn wanna go to work aha but it is taday need to smoke sum mo be 4 i do tho aha
fack fack fack fack!!!!!! lol
today work is bleh lol jp it was ight cant wait for 20 mo mins then its blaze tyme
"broke ass nigga tryna make ah bitch holla, in tha fight for my life, i was right in my hype, hope you like what i write, cuase im right in my life, mite wanna fight cause i wanna bigger bite,  surprise  aha love it"
"lol my son is really ace dancin just cool to \i'm bad- by <propfirst> jackson\"" on megamind lol"""
somethings gotta give    aha  playful  okay today just chyll mode hehe
damn i wish i didnt miss snookies wwe match fuckin turnd it to tha show last <propfemale>   aha cant wait til wrestle mania!! hmm anywho thinkin bout finishin gettin ready btown bound wit the babe today  smile 
i hope they serve beer in hell    crazy fukn movie aha
damn drug dog scared the ef outta meh lmao im all good now tho lol stashd da chit before i got busted aha sum shit       
damn the mall didnt even open yet lmao
damn hes fucked!!! awkward situation once again ah-hem bullshit!!! n other wordz wtf!!!
just got off work to nuttin but bullshit! just jumped off tha shuttle from work n got accused off drinkin wtf is that shit!!!!
"i smoke, i drink, ohhhh you can bet that  aha love dat song you can bet that aha"
mutha ef i need a stoogie     likee bad like reeeall bad aha lol seems lika good day besides needin a stoogie     
jersey shore on demand yay missed out on alot     smile 
"blazen one, always love it  smile  hope yall keep ur heads up cuz they'er lookin down on us with love smile "
gawd i wish today wasnt the way it was  but guess thats what happens when everythins twisted  man wish ur eyes were open i wouldnt do that to my baby  when i say imma get him stuff he needs i aint goin to ignore his needs  i did exactly what i said i was gun do 
blazen by my self cuz every1z 2 fawked up    lol
shawty had enough    shawty needs some space best believe imma do me tired bein the only one that wants it to work     
dope ass ride <propfemale> work damn im blazed n we blazen aha    this was a big upper n smilez fa realz     smile 
nice fawkin buzz from work thankz tiff  smile  awesome tho nice to drink alil  laugh  whoop whoop  laugh !!!!!
well gun call it a night dis shawty gotz work tomorrow lol aha  playful  tonight was dope goodnight everyone  laugh 
yup what a night lol    
feelin ight now lol thats it eh?? <propfemale> dat bipolar shyt is blah?!? sicka bipolar bitches    lmao funny
*<propfemale> whats better then sex??? *she says- weed!!! no wait angry make-up sex!!! *me- why u angry if ur making up?? lmfao dat was nutty
is in a relationship similar to chelseas off of teen mom 2 lol funny  playful  jersey shore tyme     an inna bit it will be t-shirt tyme aha  playful 
"damn at work it must be hard for every1 to look at a fuckin schedule n tell me what time im fuckin scheduled, like put tha damn fone down n go fuckin look then go back to tha fone n tell em what effin time their scheduled wtf!!!"
"x so cant wait till fall    aww i wonder how the night is gun be   better be ight i hope lol wish my schedule was the same i could of been home wit my babe, was hopein i could stay home wit him loves my audric kylanlee  love "
boom boom even brighter then the <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> cuz baby yur a firework  smile     
hmm me needs a hug    he just makes me so sad    me needs my baby audy    
last dance wit <propfemale>     smile 
omfg i love todays payday!!!!! yeaaa boyyy!!!!
damn tonight wreslting was dope damn lost count of how many blunts we smoked now thats what you call a sessh aha loved it  smile 
fn work lol well its all g aha
last dance with <propfemale>     one more time to kill the pain    hehe love it  love 
yay one more smoke  laugh !!!      until tomorrow  sad (    its whatever tho lmao   
damn eh lol imma fail my body couldnt hold down dat shyt   ahh fuck it lmao    
i think thats what facebook is bout just sayn whats on ur mind  u cant handle reading someones posts fuckin delete em n simple as that lmao    no need to have a bitch fit over a f'n post aha its just funny when i read shit like that lmfao   
"having some awesome chicken dip, n crackers!!!! theyr fn bomb  smile  yummy!!!"
wish i had a smoke   
just chylling wit my lil fam lol babys playn n were chyllin love  i love it   laugh  it was an awesome day took the bby on a cruise in the prowler it was awesome he got to drive!!! lol
scratch that it takes the fun right outta it     
fuck this sucks to sad to the point where im pissed right now   
haha im single again cause im money hungry ahahaha!!! all i got from him was food lmfao    dose that mean im money hungry lmfao fuck him n his money haha!! made it without him once can do it again!!!!
"well tonight was a good one compared to the day, i got to visit my <propfemale> that was ace  smile , n i got an awesome call from muh gurls a<propfemale>nda n dezi sayn dey miss me yay!!! miss yall 2!!! lol n travy n <propfemale>ri saved me from a wicked headache thanks everyone for <propfemale>kin my day worth while when at first it sucked lol"
its a beautiful <propfemale> day gotta apply lots of hair spray lmao jk well cant wait to c how the day gose i hope smoothly lol  smile 
wish they would quit fuckin wit facebook mobile the bitch is pissing me off!!! lol
my friday n im lazyer den hell lol
turned my lil man into a zombie or should i say zomboi lol me n him slept all day' well basically tha whole day n half the night away  smile  wide awake now lol juss me n him  love  love my son  laugh 
aww that sucks!!! fn ayesss mannn got the mad munchies but think im gettin sick got sum blast o butta popcorn n i cant even taste it fawwkk lol ow well spose i can fill my belly without tastebuds lmao
well my crabby frown was turned upside down  smile  i just love my lil man  my morning went from being blah to wicked smiles hehe untill i leave for work  sad  aww enjoyin the time while it lasts hehe     smile   laugh   smile 
well todays the same aint to much n dat happy mood    kinda sucks cause i dont feel like myself   
happy mafawkin 420 peoplez!!!  playful  aha n goodnight lol
well i went to bed early yesterday lol woke up to wish sum happy 420z hehe n i woke up alil bit ago thought i was going to get sick again but yay happy to say todays gunna be a good day!!! i feel like myself hehe n its 4 fawkin 20 maybe dass why hahaha jp   not!!! lol feelin good at the buttcrack of <propfemale>!!! lmfao good 420 day evry1!!!  laugh   love 
complainin bout it aint gun do shit lol love it or leave it nobody said you have to go wit sumthin you aint down wit  lmao yup im myself today n it feels good lol  laugh 
popped in to say ny-night lmao goodday  smile  peep yall 2morrow  smile 
"lmao tryna bring me down  bitchez im standin my ground n if shit happenz shit happenz i aint gun be fake bout it  gotta prob wit me u think i giva fuck lmao i still be laughin in ur face n today if im goin out, i dont give a fawk!!! imma go out wita bang  a big bang lmao  smile  aint down wit fake peepz  juss bein real  smile  yup yup  smile "
lmmfao broad tryna say i cant phase her  guess i sure did lmmfao da bia blockd me lmao n all i was doin was bein real lmao well shit shoulda never startd talking shit in the first place n sweetie im not a hater i dont hate lmao takez alot to hate lmao well shit eh talk shit n cant handle bein told the truth dirrty bia roist lmao
happy wabooz day ahaha!!  smile  love yous fam(ily) n frenz have a dope day  smile 
what a beautiful day  smile 
the ugly truth love it  smile 
the miz is a lil bitch!!! aha  playful 
cant eat n haven chest pains fuck this suck!!!
omgeee what a way to spend my last day off up at the buttcrack of <propfemale> sucky!!! lol oh well early bed time today hehe  smile 
ooohhh emmm geeee i need to spark one up lazy today  lol n im in loooovvveee lol  playful 
wow who woulda thunk  sad but i seen it comin
im so bored!!!!!  playful 
come real or not at all  smile  i had fun at work sober den hell doe  lol n still managed to make a good day outta it hehe fa real? yupperz niggeyz yeaaaa boyyy hope fully tomorrows da same  smile 
lmfao dramama this shitz nutz lmfao!!!!!!
me n tiffy <propfirst> bein sum bad bitchez aha almost broke dat old manz hip wit dat ughhh!! tryna look at me n say lmfao ickkkk riiight back att him lol 
i kno its kinda late but happy mothers day to my momma n gramma!!! i love you ladiez so much! thank yous for never giving up on me  smile  n happy mothers day to all my mamiz out thur hope its was the best for you all  smile  ny night everyone  laugh 
"im in da air, high in da air!!  smile "
cabo wabo mixez n patron shotzz tonight with my babe  smile  yup yup loven it!!  wink !!!!
"for some reason i wanna go off like <propfirst> griffin singin da bird is the word  the bird, the bird, the bird, bird, bird, bird, the bird, the bird, the bird is the word!!!  playful "
pat'ron shotz wit my hunny <propfirst> <propfirst>  playful  n i have work tomorrow boo!!!!! lol jp
off werk n on my way home had a good day  n gunna go home n smoke put some music on my cute lil nanopod well hopefully i can    
im in need of sum shotz when i get home lol ahh my bottle anyway but gyea just a debate i dunno tho lol
damn gotz work n the p m lol  playful  but its all good itza great night wit my babe had fun today chasen my bby on hiz 4wheeler n haven a blast wit my boo  playful  wish i didnt have work doe  smile  hope i find a ride too work tho need me my hangova smoke  smile  gyeaaa!!!!
i swore i seen a pelcan wit a lil black hat on lmao  playful  n im not trippin i dont think lol
congrats to my little bro <propmale>!! your offically out dat bitch hope you have a safe n dope fuckin night little brother mla love me n audy  love 
"holy muthaeff!!! i hate when i think im txting good, send it then reread what i wrote only to find i forget words n sound dumb lmao it even makes me laugh lol"
cant wait till wed!!! me n my babe gunna go out n socialize!!! hehe its gunna be fun i hope!!
haha my man tried to fuck up our night but sorry babe our nights just beginin it just made a sour stop for our night  but somethin sour always can be sweetened  smile  im a bitch but im the sweetedt bitch youll kno aha!!!  playful 
where the parties this thursty thursday lol
tiffys awesome
sequeerity guard
"well im happy to be home wit my baybay boy  laugh  bout to get in my <propfemale> mode, addy is restin n <propfemale> is out to to be that weird insomniac  smile  happy to be home with him!!! n three days off after tomorrow  gunna hafta get my hustle on one of those days if i can  smile "
well time for that shut eye lol gotz my bby all mornin n then work in the pm lets see how this gose   
damn they mita been late but there was a reason i gave them a specific time to be there to get him  sad but damn oh well off for a another night of work blah  playful 
man its wack right now  sad  im getting cold  n i wanna moke damn these couple dayz sucked wonder who saw passed the fake smiles    well all in all it sucks being alone     
it gose to show how much he loved me    lol over a night thass whats on my mind     guess being devoted didnt mean shit    but oh well     
holy fuck im freezing!!!! i wanna go to sleep n be wit my baby!!! but hikez she fucked my night up with my baby!!!! i really need to get my own place this is fucked up!!!! fuck wish i was drunk so i wouldnt feel like im freezing my ass off!!!!!
man i dunno what to do lost alotta things n just dont know how to feel material or not its still a bummer!!
day 5 n still nothing its bullspit lol
"still thinking of him  i wish i wouldnt    the wounds will never heal after its all said n done    but i can handle being hated  its not like he hasnt hated me before  even if its forever, cause at least im thinking bout my audy first and foremost  his happiness is more important then hurtin him with our hatred for each other     n thats all that matters aha    mysterious but serious    "
wow what a day so far n i gots work lol spose me n my audy bear can get up n quit bein lazy lol had a great three day weekend with him tho  smile  hehe i love my lil naughty audy hehe mamiz honeybunny  smile 
krama sucks huh?? lol oh well lies are lies fuck em cause at least you'll know who you are and what ur standing for!! my motto of tha day  smile  off to work now lol wonder what trouble is waiting for me today  smile 
omfg!!! lol  just got done listenin to some <propfemale> my hips dont lie n omg reminded me of rowdyz crazy ass dancing n singing that song!!! he was dope lmao can picture his tall skinny 8 packd abz dancin to it again damn miss those days!!! lol such goof ballz back then hahaha!!!
lol well my nights great n im off <propfemale> bed wit my lil love hehe so goodnight muh facebooka hookazz lol jk but have a good one  smile !!!
"chyll wit da gurlies mixin sum n <propmale> goin around  laugh  luv ya girls shannamama, chell, dezi, titi, <propfemale>!!! lol oh n <propfirst> da bro lol so fun!!!!!"
yay got sum face time in b4 i cant once again lol thankz <propfirst> lol but hope all is well with everyone  laugh 
jammin that psychopathic wanntinn anothaaa beer  smile !!!!!
hikez i think i scared him lmfao jp  playful 
meka wants to play haha but when??? hmm gotta start plotin again lol
i wanna cuddle up  wink   wink 
haha you been hacked my girl!! <propfemale> was here !!
"sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me, so throw me down tie me up and show me how much you want me ;p haha"
any one wanna buy a straight talk samsung slide with keyboard phone for $35 to $40  includes charger and memory card 
lol wheres da booty at lol
happy birthday too my terrible two naughty audric kylan <propfirst> love you with all my heart baby boy   wink 
i plotted n its going good got to chill have alil thanxs <propfemale> mama n i wanna have more fun  smile  but then again i wanna chyll  smile  im high in tha air  wink 
aww i hate when people fuck up what coulda been lol  surprise   playful 
wow this day sucks  i just wanna go home    i dont know how to go bout them things anymore   pathetic and god i hate my reactions lol trying to laugh but aint really helpiin me much  sad  aha   
well i hope tonight is a good one im outta my funk i hope  smile  yup im happy again i need that talk  smile 
yay my friday today cant wait for my days off to start at midnight but better yet cant wait till he comes around again aha  smile  it should be really interesting be running away for awhile again aha jp but a possible maybe  wink 
yay he missed me haha  smile  n tomorrow is going to be fuckin awesome im so patiently waiting n yay cant wait to see him whoopwhoop!!!
hey i wanna dance  smile   laugh 
gunna have so much fun  smile  i so cant wait  smile  oooohhh yeaaaaaa  smile 
luv u meka!!! luv ya girl always! <propfemale> <propmale>! sisters to the fullest!!!!
wish i could find my <propfemale> <propfirst>   
you been hacked again sucka !!!!! hehehehe  
yay i gotta new phone need some digits tho aha hmu  smile 
wow wack ass work today i really wanna ride in today fawk    @_@ lol
ahh shytt disregaurd that last stat aha finishing what i statred for myselff aha nice in the air lol   
omgee i wanna go to sleep work is so f'n boring feelin like imma doze off   
"tear drops on my notepad, dope sic feeling so bad, everythings <propfemale> <propfemale> fucked up, im about to go mad, my life tried to live right, this night hope it end right, hells doors open wide, inside, heres your invite  one  breath should i use it, life, death should i choose it     "
im by cp n i can hear mmy bedd calling my name from here haha im so tired
damn gunna melt in my bed n crash tha fuck out goodnight fb n have awesome dreams  smile  i hope i do  smile 
well gunna call it a night miss my sleeping <propmale> tho     my bed is so ummm comfty n     empty     lmao oh welll time to get a good stretch n crash out goodnight fb  smile 
time to get my hustle on  smile 
kickin back being bored bouta go smoke a cig n crash i gotz work tomorrow ughhh lol but yeah need to get to sleep lol smoke first lol
wow my monday n i lazy haha wonder whoz all gunna be riden in lol
damn work!!! lol jk but yeah i enjoyed hanging wit my fam my days off but spose work here i come errr lol
just thinking of the domino effect lmao crazy aha   
"it feels like im running on walls en i don't wanna touch the ground    and if they say that im lost, then i dont wanna be found     smile "
;<propfemale> lil ciggy party infront of the store l<propfemale> well am i ever happy to be home  smile 
lol tonight was an interesting night! lol funny!! finishin munchin then crash hope for a good day tomorrow prolly not tho wack ass chuttle tomorrow lol gotta think of something lol but yeah time to call it a good one  smile 
glad i didnt go out tonight    im lovin this  smile  feels better then i imagined cant wait to wake up  laugh  but have fun n be safe every1  smile 
awesomely wake n ready to start my day my lil cuddle <propmale> stay snoozin wit me all night im so happy  smile  but yeah wonderin how today will be  smile 
damn eh work yay thought it was gunna be lame but finally on our way aha needs me some txtn buddyz to get threw tha day haha jp    but damn hope it dont turn fucked up when we get thurr lol
wide awake jinkin this lonely one beer lol bou<propfemale> smoke a bowl n prolly crask nuttin <propfemale> do my lil cuddle <propmale> didnt want to sleep wit me  sad  all sad lol but yeah pretty bored gunna call it a night     smile 
lol just thinkin off the top of my head  n well i never been like that around other guys since those days i can remember its really different come to think about     could it be if i get pass that fear nervousness is my enemy    n i never thought i could be like that again lol just a thought but goodnight  smile 
forgive me father for i am still fucked up  laugh  hahaha n tryna get more lol
damnn this is some bomb ass frybread tacozzz n chilii!!! mmmm  laugh 
wow im gettin lonely but hope this to will pass    hmm gotta long night  smile 
lmao crazy how its a silent hate   smile )) wonder whats gunna be of it at work ( laugh ) its bout time <propfemale> work it hahaha  playful 
yay payday today  smile  spose i can get ready for the day  smile  hmm hope today is a good one  smile 
fuckin hatin ass white bitch gunna get me fired!!! shit she was all up on jonz nuttz not answering her fuckking phonez!! least i helped with deliverys thats gunna be fucked up tomorrow     
lmao fuck da haterz i had fun n shit im all g double o d good haha fuckin quit it already damn just cause i did what i wanted to do sleep worrie bout ur own lmfao
damn i just wanted to cry its been awhile since i talked and seen my uncles i told them that i missed em n all that felt good tho    
thinkin bout that moment when your waitin for a text  get one e playful ecting its from the one your thinking about  but then its from someone else you never thought youd get txted by lol
holy fawk n i thought i had a bad smokers cough lmao niggy sounded like he was chokin on it lmfao   
debating on going freeze my ass off fora smoke lol just snapped outta a nap  laugh 
i know rii haha omgee i was wonderin wtf i was thinkin had me chucklin anywho ahaha  playful 
aaaawww snap my lil night owl is tryna show his mama how <propfemale> dance  laugh  i just love muh baybay!!!!
goodafta noon everybody today looks like its gunna be a good one   haha till my baybay has to leave  sad  bummer still gotta think bout what to do  sad   smile   sad  lol
i love <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world aha  smile 
haha death valley is crazy lol but good afternoon everyone  smile 
wherez all my potheadz lookin for <propmale> essentials  smile 
wow i dunno what to do lol  playful 
yup i want that sweetness  laugh  aha gunna be a long wait  for that sweetness  laugh  wondering wondering wondering aha  smile 
"(0 o) ooo phonez go outta wack * its the aliens mannnn*  that was funnay lol then \hey im walking over\""    *me* \""why??\""     \""can you unlock the door\""    *me* \""no cause im sleeping\""  lol  \""yeah your sleeping while your txtn with the light on\""     lol omg things are funny when ur high lmao   oh my i should finish my cig lol    then crash hahhaha"""
the sound of a fourwheeler at this time of night juss creeps me tha fuck out n think lmao really some wacked out nervz aha but goodnight n sweet dreams everyone  laugh 
"o m f g  best fucking news i,ve heard inna long time im down n more then ready to get the fuck away from here yay i love my famz i gotta get my babys stuff first lol n then were gone thanks muchz <propmale>!!! mmfwcl fam  laugh "
i wanna be lucky in love   send me an angel   like right nowww     lol
~she gotta be a buss down~  laugh 
well gunna go on this mish lol
well on dat mish in ptown aha o m g i forgot my purse
its a beautiful day today to look for my phone n get my baybay  smile 
hey whats up if anyone has been trying to get ahold of me i lost my fone lol thats all  lmao
