df21193bd0801fbc4b00f71c0366c23e
off to summer camp!
is a little sore today 
cleaning house 
is starting to realize exactly how bad a shape the country is in   
"holy hole in a doughnut, batman!"
thanks to all for the birthday wishes   
can't sleep    crud 
camp is finished   on to the 2009-2010 season!
"suddenly, i don't have time to check facebook   "
i'm glad i'm a hill dweller today   
can't wait to see the sun again   
so frickin' busy   
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you  and remember         be nice!!!!!"
recovery time?
"had to \rewind\"" a \""vhs\"" tape tonight    """
mah jongg!
"i have a brand new, not broken computer   thanks, <propfirst>!"
aaaahhhhhh!
"so, the rollins clan is home with a new pink baby brannon    and hospital food stinks!"
have you heard   ?
i    sleep  laundry    greasypastycline  bed's falling
married 7 years ago today     the time has flown past faster the my beautiful bride's wedding veil did    : )
my computer is confused      sometimes i wish i could fix it with a hammer    or gafftape    or epoxy    some method or medium that i understand 
can't sleep   
carpe diem?  sound like an awful lot of work    
feeling 20% goofier today 
slightly amazed at how many people are on fb from 5pm-6pm est   
toy story 3 was pretty awesome   
boba fett    where?
thanks to every one for the birthday wishes    now if you could do something about this sunburn    : )
"ice, ice everywhere, and crap i can't get out!"
"day 3:   still trapped and supplies are running low   we sent out a scout today, however, i am not optomistic about her return   it is only a matter of time now before we turn on each other     i am begining to lose hope "
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours    and here we go!"
