b23de95546ce9c94774f34ae708aac0a
"not sure i'm going to be able to move easily for the next few day, but my apartment is officially safe for company again "
one more week & i'm on vacation!!!!!!
"does everyone become more untrainable as they get older, or is it just the ones who were more opinonated & less open minded to begin with?"
i have 3 more job applications in and only about 24 more hours until my vacation starts    life is better then it was before lunch!
12 more hours & i will be home on vacation! only downside   no internet for 9 days 
"vacation, vacation     i am officially on vacation!!!!!!!!!!!! can you tell i'm happy?"
"back from vacation and getting ready to go back to work tomorrow   in a word, yuck (which is the most polite 4 letter word i can think of to use) "
doin' laundry & making lasagna   
my little pudgeball has lost 1 2 lbs!!!!!!
what a crappy day - perfect for starting my new puzzle 
does tomorrow have to be monday???
looks like i'm going to have company this weekend   guess i better start cleaning tomorrow   
who was the idiot that went out to her car after work & opened up the sunroof after a rainstorm? yeah - that was me 
another job application on its way    keeping my fingers crossed!
i'm getting paid to not be at work tomorrow    you gotta love field trips!
is it ever going to get to 2 smile 0? i'd much rather be on the road then be at work!
got my computer fixed!   now if i can just get the alarm clock to work    
can't believe that i actually thought the hotel drama was done
i would rather still be home & in bed
"just spent an hour doing battle with the weeds in my flower garden  it was a brutal battle, but the retreat has begun "
i came home from work today with wallpaper glue in my hair    i'm really not sure how these things happen to me 
project runway premier tonight!!!!!
got my new cell phone!!
still in sleep recovery mode    hard to believe but my little brother is now married and on his honeymoon in italy!!!!
just got back from a very good walk!
getting lots of new stuff in the mail today!  smile 
"busy, busy, busy    cooked 3 dishes at once and just now sitting down to supper  i even managed to burn a finger on some <propfemale> oil    and yes cat, i do realize my posts are boring  <propfemale> me (i also realize that i'm going to get my butt kicked on the next walk for this)  smile "
one more job application in    guess we'll see what happens (with both fingers crossed!)
really hoping the rain will hold off until after my walk with cat 
having a halloween decorationg party at work this afternoon  smile 
"if anyone's granting wishes    i would like a house, with garage please  also, i think using the phrase 'frozen mix' in october should be considered blasphemy & punishable by death  thank you  smile "
just got back from a great walk through the west woods with cat  we even went off the trail for a little bit to check out some awesome rock formations  i'll be posting the photos in a little bit 
bummed because i missed applying for the <propfirst> <propfirst> job posting  i just found it yesterday      
"back from a last minute road trip & trying to unpack, watch a few shows from last week and do facebook at the same time  we'll see how this works  smile "
"ok, another job application in, guess we'll see how it goes    "
i really need a new job    anyone know where i can get one?
gettin' ready to make some cookies
getting ready to head home for a long weekend   internet i will miss you    happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
not looking forward to going to work tomorrow    
"got my winter <propfemale> apple from bath & body this afternoon    my day is looking up  also glitter eyeliner, not sure what i was thinking with that one    "
working on christmas cards    
"soooo    apparently i didn't get my front door closed all the way when i go home from work, since a huge gust of wind had it flying back in at me    and we're supposed to have around a foot of snow before saturday (those of us lucky enough to live in the snowbelt anyway)  welcome to winter everyone!"
vacation in exactly 1 week!!!!!!!!!
am going to be spending a lot of time the next few days on self-reflection      
battling the checkbook    almost had it balanced on the first try   
4 more hours of work and then vacation!!!!!
getting ready to hit the road     
here's to hoping for another snow day tomorrow!!!
freezing rain and 27 inches of snow   what a combination   i hate chiseling my way into my car   
white
"feeling pretty good   managed to snag a new piece of fostoria glass and a bunch of new books at the antique mall this weekend, and came back with a batch of chocolate chip cookies that i didn't have to make "
just spent an hour and a half working my butt off at the gym    yea for me!!!!
i hate self evaluations
"totally bummed    really really need cookies (well, my crappy mood does anyway) but don't have all the fixins and i am not going back out "
supernatural season 1 arrived yesterday    i do believe a marathon is on the agenda for this weekend  smile 
getting ready to set up my first ipod!
finally went for it and added internet on my phone!
"goonies on amc    25 years, seriously?"
this afternoon's work adventure    hearing what you thought was a table being dragged in next room and finding it's really a gushing water drain in the furnace closet    
"i hate it when i have to make the cats fast  it's bad enough when i have to do it, but they don't understand why their food and water is suddenly gone  i also know i'm in for a long night of being poked and yelled at "
5 1 2 hours until vacation!!!!!
45 minutes and i am on the road!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone    they were very much appreciated!
i washed and waxed my car and got my kohls fix today     i can officially go home tomorrow 
getting ready to spend my afternoon trying to teach someone something that they have no aptitude for and should not have time for anyway    i love my job (not) 
"please\ copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been \affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a\ smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known\ cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a \smack      upside    the head, but we can raise awareness  many won't \copy and paste this  i did  will you?  smile "
"i know it's only monday, but i'm pretty sure i'm going to need another <propfemale> night at mexico again this week   anyone in chardon who's up for that let me know   "
"laundry is almost done, been to the gym, and supper is in the oven   now if i could just get more of the cleaning portion of my to do list done   "
there is no one in the world that can embarrass you more fully than your mother 
so my cat decided that standing on my side and sticking his nose in my ear was the way to wake me up for his breakfast this morning    at 3:27 am  it worked 
breakfast for supper  smile 
buying books on ebay  smile 
"a little bit more poor, a whole lot more comfortable after 2 hours of shopping"
"poll: would you move over 700 <propmale> for a job you knew going in would only last 3 years? decisions, decisions      "
"chicken tettrazini is in the oven   new recipe, so i'm keeping my fingers crossed   "
"can someone please e playful lain to me why the headphones on my ipod work fine at home, but turn uncooperative when i'm at the gym? it's getting extremely frustrating     sad "
ghosthunting at work today   sometimes i really do enjoy my job  smile 
too much to do and not enough time to do it in before i hit the road tomorrow    
back to the vet for one soon to be unhappy kitty    she has a broken blood vessel on her ear that needs to be drained 
getting ready to pack again    after trying to balance my checkbook (second attempt this week)   
"a day of antiquing planned for tomorrow (well, later today i suppose) at <propfirst>'s antique mall  i'll definitely get my walking in for the day "
found a new refinishing project!
the weather's finally cool enough to light some candles around the apartment  smile 
broke out the halloween decorations at home tonight    will be putting the work ones up tomorrow  smile 
getting ready to hit the gym when i'd rather be hitting the couch for a nap  smile    at least i'm starting to see the payoff *fingers crossed for trying on smaller jeans this weekend!!!*
   and another busy weeks begins   
started off my week by scaring the boss out of my office   
on the dining room chair
really don't want what i brought for lunch
"getting ready to cook up some pasta   italian <propmale> n cheese  if you've never tried it, you need to   find it on the foodnetwork com recipe search "
"i absolutely hate it when i get so mad that i start crying    especially at work  on the plus side, i just put in one hell of a workout at the gym  now to settle down and start on the job searching again    "
useless is at it again    
thinks it's a good night for making chowder   
gretchen   seriously?!?!?!? something is seriously wrong with runway these days   
so the boss says today that she hase diagnosed herself as 'mildly' add      that doesn't even begin to cover it    
supernatural and sanctuary    i love my scifi fridays    
time to seal up the windows again for the winter    at least it doesn't seem to be very <propfemale> today    
halloween decorations coming down  sad 
filling out my vacation paperwork  smile 
my eyes feel permanently crossed    formatting spreadsheets all morning sucks   
thanks to a friend i just might be able to get everything on my to-do list done tonight! thank you <propfemale>!!!
all packed and ready to hit the road tomorrow! 12 o'clock cannot come soon enough   
waiting at at the tire shop       
had a great time with family and friends today     lots of fun with the kids and new little one (thanks <propfemale> and <propfirst> for letting me steal maddy away for a while  smile )
*sigh*    back in chardon    now for the unpacking & laundry portion of tonight's program    
time to go take a cat to the vet     
ordering aaa maps and guide books    almost time for a road trip!!!
homemade calzones in the oven    
"halloween boxes going up to the attic, christmas boxes coming down  smile "
"cookie batter chilling in the fridge, soup is up next    "
i get to start packing tomorrow smile 
"busy, busy, busy     "
so while we're shopping tonight my mother leaves me to use the fitting room  her first comment when she finds me again is 'are you buying more pajamas?'     you'd think she'd never been shopping with me before      smile 
road trip has begun      
"ok, totally weird rest stop e playful erience      coming out to find a guy in the wrong bathroom and using my first all in one automaric hand washer dryer     a missouri thing?!?!?"
legos!!!!!  smile 
on the road again     
back in fostoria  smile 
surprised there weren't any signs of mutiny when i got home    i'm pretty sure i forgot to feed the cats this morning    
grateful it didn't take the 30 minutes i was e playful ecting to shovel out my car    
12 inches and counting     
i get to go home a whole hour early because of the weather     i suppose i should be grateful for even that     
thinking about writing out my christmas cards tonight     
finally finishing my christmas cards    
so ready for vacation    3 days to go      
new fishies!!!!
one hour to go and i am on the road!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
definitely not the way i was e playful ecting to spend new years      
just spent the better part of 2 hours unburying my car    
my first attempt at rigatoni is in the crock pot    
time to go home    3 days all to myself!!!
"ok     i now know more about the plumbing for my bathroom sink than i really wanted to, but what was lost is now found  smile "
"ok    cleaning is done, laundry is getting there    time to go hit the gym and then home for some couch time!"
making burritos with dad    
off to check out a new antique mall in wapakaneta    
i don't think there's going to be a road trip in my plans today      
i actually got notice from a doctor's office of a credit to my account instead of a bill    how awesome is that?  smile   smile   smile 
i do believe it's going to be a comfort food night     i just need to figure out which one     
it's gonna be a long night      
would much rather be home right now     
fingers crossed for 12 smile 0 on monday!!!
late supper of buffalo chicken dip     
getting ready for tomorrow     
women are born angels  and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly   on a broomstick  be warned  we are flexible like that  keep posting this girls!
"ok, interview 1 over     keeping fingers crossed i get called for interview 2     "
getting ready to head out and meet the little brother at <propmale> & <propfemale>'s for supper!
so ready for a nap now     
"if you love me, ( comment on this status )\if you think i'm a good friend, ( like this status )\if you hate me, ( message me & tell me why )\if you ever had a crush on me, be honest, ( poke me )\if your not scared, ( make this your status)"
"of all the days to not bring a lunch to work, i pick the one there's a blizzard going on outside     "
potato soup  smile       
"deadly terms used by women: 1 fine: this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are right and you need to shut up; 2 nothing: this means something and you should be wary; 3 go ahead: this is a dare, not permission  don't do it! 4  whatever: a woman's way of saying f*you! 5  that's ok: she's thinking long and hard before deciding how and when you will pay for your mistake! repost - save a life"
*sigh*     i did it again     
chicago bound!!
heading home after a great day!!!!
on the road again    
"who says facebook friends aren't real friends? they enjoy seeing you on line everyday    miss you when you're not there    send condolences if you've lost someone    send you wishes on your birthday    enjoy the photos & videos you post    put a smile on your face when you're down, make you laugh when you feel like crying        re-post if you love your facebook friends  i love mine!!!"
atlantis marathon coming up    : )
gonna be a long day     
home at last!
long day #2 commencing     
if it were just a little warmer it would be perfect for a campfire tonight    clear skies & the stars are awesome     
strawberry
