58e5e6658b7ccf7792cc87eff0cb042f
almost 21!! ahhhh! wish me a birthday wish!
"has found many many pictures, will post soon!!!!"
road trip! yay  leaving tomorrow 
"<propfemale> is a virtue, don't try to rush things "
don't care how long it takes 
"for good luck, rub my tummy!  super buddha come forth! lol"
"looking for 4 flute players, a piano player, and a singing <propmale>  any volunteers?"
bruising your big toe sucks   sad 
"i really give up on everyone and everything   i can no longer deal with everything   it is too much, almost died tonight and it doesn't really matter    "
"my leg is messed up, ankle mostly  my wrist is also not doing good   what a way to usher in the b-day"
"people who take things at face value annoy me  and why do people have to say hurtful things, nothing good ever comes from them     "
"vocab sucks, cant do anything      "
"get a double royale with cheese, plain except for mustard ketchup and pickles   now, who knows where the royale?  i am testing u     "
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't!!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!"
first week is almost over    yeah!!
"i want my brain to implode already, too many terms  going out sometime tonight    "
tired of dealing with insensitive dbags 
"momma's home from the hospital! yay!  passing anatomy, woot!  bring forth more doom, academia doom anyway "
"conflicts of interests, between my anatomy textbook and my medical terminology book   i think with a med terminology book, you can make up an infinite number of words  and i like words     lol"
made two giant snow forts! snowballs are ready  and i totally shoveled the driveway  turning into he-man 
why do people have status updates?  because they want people to see something for once   
"finitely tired, infinitely immersed "
happy valentines day!  land of lovers!  live your life out loud!
"snow fort of icicles is complete, mwah hah ha!  no school i hope   "
"building a giant, robotic <propmale> bear  and his name is <propmale>, he will help me rule the world! mwah hah ah  lol "
ahhhhh! take that anatomy!!! upper limbs and the brain i can now say i thoroughly know     
"tonight! my house! be there or understand, ill give u a hard time!"
ahhh! my party was awesome!  someone left a coat      
"life is a big hmmm right now   want to be appreciated, but then again who doesn't  "
"super excited, that's all i can say   and of course, computers rock   they make so many things possible   i'm also happy to support the band in any way possible   made a flyer, gonna make more graphics soon  "
"last week of class! finals approach, so does my brain's doom     not complete doom, just implosion from over use   time for not studying this weekend  "
"oh my  the webs we weave  what if just one of the lines that hold us is severed  would you still be able to hold youself up? or crash? or would you fall, get back up, and make a new web "
"wow, what a week      this is odd   feeling a little intrigued   "
"well, i'm pretty much done with my sketching    i think it looks pretty cool, now all i need is someone who can color or paint   cause i suck at it  lol"
yay! 3 0 for winter quarter  on the other hand however     i have a big sad face for today      
"hmm, not going to have a good week i think, unless something changes soon   "
i have discovered the joys of charcoal and it rocks!  i have to redo all of my sketches now to look better now!  except the <propfemale>        i can't really use charcoal on that 
"and one day, when it was sad and gloomy out in 1968, the gods of rock gave us a gift   the gift of led zeppelin   forever will they dominate classic rock!"
"happy easter! saw clash of the titans, omg it rocks! amazing visuals! didnt really have a feast except for texas roadhouse! mmmmm! sad that they didnt have their country fried steak, lol  happy though "
"urg    i have an assignment to do, and my back is killing me!  ahhh!  i wish i could get a shoulder massage from someone     on to work i suppose  "
"wow, i really need a massage right now  my neck feels like it will e playful lode! i give enough of them, wheres mine? lol"
"so, i had a ginormo headache that could only calmed by a long sleep  dont want that to happen again! sorry my friends for slipping out on you, i went to the land of gnomes  lol"
ahhhh!!! the headache of doom has returned!! help me someone!
a rainy day  suits the mood i suppose    had an awesome time last night singing with members of stone groove  we rocked the house  hopefully something nice will happen today  
a bright and <propfemale> day  i want to enjoy it and bask in the sun 
"if i dont fall, i wont let you either "
"wow, feel like crap   seriously, i am not sure what to put here, i am beginning to lose interest with everything   it all seems lame    "
"while my body grows strong, my heart grows weak   weak, not vulnerable  how to strengthen it? maybe someone can help "
"campfires, guitars, ale, and halo, good times "
"campfires, guitars, ale, and halo, good times"
"ahh! can't even concentrate at kareoke?!? i keep getting someone stuck in my head! no discipline anymore, wow    <propfirst> is slippin' "
"meh, a lot to do today   maybe that will keep my mind of things  "
i fail on an epic scale  time lost   and more 
"i feel super horrible!!! i only bring pain and anger!!! ahhh! time to drown it out, maybe pool will make it lesser "
"not really in the mood to share  pissed off at a lot of things  only happy about 2 things right now, one is that i rock at pool, the other im not sharing  not with anyone  grrr, rawr "
"urgh, argh  this is what a zombie sounds like  zombies eat brains  but there is something worse out there  zombie ninjas! they are a threat to society! the are coming, keep your pool sticks close and your chainsaw even closer "
someone special   takes my heart
"i am officially tired, and impatient! ahhh!"
i feel forgotten today  left behind
"three words- kareoke, tonight, stingers  be there!"
"it is a good day  kareoke was awesome last night  have class today, sparring later  then who knows?  wink "
waking up cold   can someone warm me up?? lol
"big sadface i suppose, <propfemale> got fired last night   had a good time though  free for the weekend and no plans except homework "
"shopping! go low, lower than you know "
"going to see my buddies show, hopefully gonna have a good time "
"good f****ing show last night, my face has been melted off  lol  miss my special someone  "
i want to be special to someone 
"boo! i want to go to california   dont want to, but have to do homework  presentation on wednesday  uber stress "
haircut! hair looks good  need to post some pics   the ones i have on here are too old!!
annoyed with being told that someone will get a hold of me and never do 
i want a dream  i want to dream  but without you sleep is just resting in the dark 
"wow, good night last night  happy 21 <propfemale>! no idea whats going to happen with the rest of the weekend "
"ok, right now i would like to be dead  this is because every muscle in my back and legs is on fire, btw fire is a bad thing   god, remove this burden from my body  meh  "
what is it i'm missing   something is off 
wtf!! no idea what the f is up with the family   no estas aqui!
"my great aunt <propfemale> just died   think it was a heart attack  totally une playful ected; mom, grandma and <propfemale> are a mess  so many things left unsaid   sad "
funeral was today  got to see a little of the family  it was nice 
filled with irrational anger and frustration  grrr
"how do i smile, when you aren't here to tell me everything is ok and wipe my tears?"
yay!! i have my computer again! and a shiny hard drive to boot  lol 
omg  i wish kareoke was every night of the week  lol  last night was good 
"my goodness, i need a neck massage bad! my neck is making my entire head hurt  ahhh! where is the axe?? lol, jk "
"the aqua teen hunger force ultimate cookout  required: one cow, 50 gallons oil, jumbo syringe filled with cheese  inject cheese into cow and fry til done  mmmm"
final weeks of school are coming up    will have a two week break this time!! i want to <propfemale> out with my peeps!
bored      ahhhhh!! what is up wth my peeps!!??!?!?!?!?
"ugh   tired   have loads to do still   last week of the quarter, then 2 weeks of break!! wanna party? hit me up! lol"
ugh     relief please 
ahhh! it feels like someone punched me in the jaw in my sleep! wtf?!?!?!
"ugh, definitely have the plague   don't feel like doin anything "
ah! moved out grandma and mom   feel like he-man   totally going to party   have the house to myself  cool beans 
why do people flake out when u really want to ask a serious question?
"wow, it is hot!!! need to get my hair cut   lol"
come sail away with me    if you will 
"lol, gnomes on ice   an commemorative glasses, lol "
"just hear me out, if it's not perfect i'll perfect it till my heart e playful lodes  "
oww  pain 
"hearts on fire, lost in depths  moving forward, without regret  the time will come to pay our debts, but until then, we walk towards death "
"saw the coolest thing    i was singing to this song on the radio, and then i saw someone pulling into <propmale> evans singing the same song   it was pretty awesome, but random "
ahhh!!  having one plate and two sets of silverware sucks!!  don't really like living alone  
hanging with friends  up to my ears in thoughts about random shit  waking up with random bruises is weird  miss having company 
rocking out on guitar = blisters on fingers  nice 
"pissed  stupid comments, ridulous advice  bleeding with no bandaids, literally  no way to see my nephew and niece  say something else, if u want a fist "
blew off some steam  cooking goodness for my buddies 
singin is the best  waiting to sing is not the best  singing for someone you care is just awesome 
"getting screams for singing ozzy's no more tears like the <propmale> of darkness himself is an awesome feeling   good times, should start recording thursday nights"
"move in to the country, gonna eat a lot of peaches  millions of peaches, peaches for me  millions of peaches, peaches for free   yeah  "
"you know i wish i could talk to you all the time, because you know you make me feel so alive "
ahhhh! humidity is making my hair sticky and frizzy   and why do people call at 430 in the morning??
classes start again today  boo! aunt is still inconsiderate  boo! i have signed the legacy that is <propfirst> and koons wall  yay! project fruition  good time 
it is raining again   this is not enough to dampen mah spirits  good to see these crackers again 
i do not want to take another f'n college math class  it is ridiculi  i already tested out of it and they still have me in that class  more red tape   oh well      ahh! i want to see somebody awesome!
so mom might have myeloma   she has multilevel degenerative disk disease and joint arthritis  
love rollin and thumpin my ride  
yay! another crazy instructor that is awesome! sweet 
are you too stubborn to realize it is not just you?
"bad nights and bad days always suck  last night was bad   class today, not really excited   sorry to my peeps for last night  off to school i go   "
was finally able to stump a teacher in class today  lol
really? have you thought that i dont want to help u take the food away? what am i supposed to eat? hate my family 
"well, i have a little food still  about a weeks worth   goign to try to have some fun tonight   i asked the magic 8 ball if i would do well in pool and it said definitely  pumped! thinking about lots of things  "
"what a week, crazy crap, and then some   wtf is up with this hotness, oh yeah, thats right, it is summer!!!  smile "
"the dreams keep coming  so many odd dreams, scary, good, and awesome dreams  never had this many in a row!"
"family is going on vacation next week  not really jealous, have my own plans  although wisconsin is nice and has really good cheese, been there, ate  that  lol"
"homework is for the most part complete  i am ready to rock!! as usual i have buddies to rock with, sweet! cant wait to get thee band together "
"blarg  stomach feels weird, don't feel like going to class   got to see the little munchkins today, yay!  i want to lay down in a walk in freezer its so hot   grrrr "
"feel like crap, happy? dont do it again, cause it totally wasn't fair! i dont say things to try to hurt you!"
why the hell do people think that a huge inflatable blue gorilla will boost sales?
"bored!!!  i want to do something cool   like jump off a bridge into a lake   oh, right, already did that   ugh   i'll have to find something else cool to do   "
"went fishing! caught three fish!  getting sunburned, lol  ill deal   impatient   "
"ahhhh! house is so messy! not ready  going away for the weekend  maybe the gnomes will clean while im gone, lol "
"has a few things to say   my dreams keep getting more and more realistic and yet crazy at the same time   swimming in the ocean to get to a navy cruiser? a freezing biogel grenade?  and of course, flying, which isn't that realistic   there's more but it's really weird   next   feeling supremely bummed out, so much stuff that i could do  so i am going to keep trying, i will not be deterred  i like feeling strong "
"everybody, come take my hand   we'll walk this road together through the storm, whatever weather, cold or warm  certainly know that your not alone, \hallah if you feel like you've been down the same road  "
"tis hot today, tgif though!  hope class isn't too boring today  "
i am having lots of fun recently   trying to figure out a song  i need to focus but it's not working!!!
"tired of endless monotony, day in and out   on the upside, writing songs is fun  wish my phone worked so i wouldn't be as bored   "
"ahhhh! it is way hot  like the instant i step outside my clothes start sticking to me! it is really annoying   really want to skip math class tonight, another boring math class to take, i have taken too many already  but i guess if anyone will ever need help with math, i am apparently the one to ask "
i feel odd    not really sick    just odd 
really feel like crap   not diggin it 
"i love having dreams when i nap, except when i drown in them "
"i like playing piano man, especially with a guitar backing me up  whats even better is having 15 drunken people singing along  good times "
wishing i could thinking of something simple and happy instead of wandering the depths of thought 
sweet  i have a job now  i start next week 
"hospitals are slow, boring places for the most part  they dont show that part on tv "
"i dont like my new earring as much as my old one  i need to buy a new one, or get another piercing, or both "
i heart avenged sevenfold 
"i realize that i have a ridiculous amount of piano music, it just keeps showing up  i need another huge container, ugh  moving sucks "
had a nosebleed from hell today at work today and got sent home  felt sick  boo 
"so i stepped on my phone   the screen is broken  no more txting,  sad  going to have to figure out something   anyway, payday is soon! already know what im gonna do "
waiting to get halo reach  seeing fellow nerds is encouraging
"feel terrible  although i have a phone, i dont have any <propfirst>  been 2 busy to go to the att store to get them  anyway, party nxt week @ my house "
party tomorrow at my house let me know if u want to come 
no party now  boo
urg  i need someone to cuddle with  i feel like death 
"i feel like i dont talk to anybody  and when i do, i feel like i cant say whats really going on "
done with unwarranted hostility and bull  im prolly going to come out only twice a week now 
"when in having a bad day, there are a couple of things that that brighten it  seeing my bfs  is at the top of the list "
a douche trying to kill of with his truck was not the highlight of yesterday
bad luck must follow the foolhardy  i would lose my own heart if i didnt need it to keep going
i am willing to beg for help relieving my back pain  this is bad 
"nothing like strong emotions and alcohol, along with good times with friends, helps cure back pain  no joke  have to work the next 3 days so i don't know how thats going to go  i hope things go well  but i have a feeling that the pain will get worse, even though i had help cracking my back  life has many cruel ironies "
i find it disturbing that i shred one and a half times my body weight in cheese every week 
"everything hurts  i want to lay down on a couch, turn on a movie, grab a 2 liter and go katatonic for a while "
ready to give up on everyone and everything
these eyes are just mirrors of the sun
the kardashians are the spawn of satan  the only one entertaining is the mom
concerned  also pissed off  noone will back me up even though i have everything to repay the debt  tired of being constantly underestimated 
i surprise even myself
i dont want to go yet  
you are amazing just the way you are
i dont like being sick   things i say come out wrong 
"conan should get fat, that would be a change of pace   i think he'd look funny"
if you do anything nice ill be surprised
many surprises  
meow  i worry too much
valete liberi incendite tenebras mundi
"the world of mishaps, misadventures, and miscreations  yep, thats where i live"
wishing for a feast followed by eternal sleep 
unyielding sickness  
dont have regrets for things you dont have control over
time to be fired up  i feel like nothing can intimidate
it takes a while to let down defenses
im gonna make a furry wall  only need three things
i fear that time grows short
"see with your heart and mind, not your eyes"
i do not want to move
to spend years perfecting a single thing    i wish for such <propfemale>
"work, boo!! lol"
everything is starting to piss me off  i feel like staying home forever!!!  sad 
"only 2 days off this week   workin hard, prolly wont see much for it "
"productive day  got a haircut, all i need is pointy ears and eyebrows and i am spock lol "
"a ridiculous day at work has left me dreading christmas week    oh well, sweet tips anyway   staying chipper   smile "
"depressing day so far, no family dinner yet  i now realize that there will be people missing at the table that will be missed from previous holidays and it makes me sad "
turkey and pecan pie should be the solution to all problems
"bored as usual, e playful eriencing loss of interest"
"i do not have illusions of grandeur or plans for greatness   i have simple ideas, efficient ones, with more ideas to back them up  i am the realist, give me input and i give logical output "
"have a knot in my shoulder from working, yay day off!! next one is on thursday, boo!"
very salty right now  its like my feelings dont matter
getting ready for work  day off tomorrow   so many things to do    i don't like being productive but i have to lol
want peace  the kind you can't find in a dream        
disappointed right now   i should be having a good time but very distracted    i want to be able to focus on what i want  
"this is the time   if you know you do, if you don't your loss  so much strength can be found when you least e playful ect it  be careful though"
i am the walking dead    can you hear my death clock going tick?
"lessons are learned, knowledge is earned  wisdom, however, we toil to gain  nothing that has worth is ever free, we must give something of ours to obtain it "
"i am really freaking out there when i wake up, it's like i'm still stuck in the dream world  dreaming is still the only way to fly"
i am very confused by what some friends say  i only can really trust what a few people say  its sad   sad 
wanted to get out of my car and beat the crap out of a stupid truck driver today    unfortunately you cant really do that on the freeway 
in terrible shape  want to just e playful lode
"just slept for 12 hours   still groggy   had the sweetest dream about flying with dragons   don't really want to go out, but i have to go and be productive!!!  smile "
why do bad things happen to good people?? exhausted from this terrible day  
i feel very disconnected from people  stuff happens though i guess  i am definitely going to have a party soon   hopefully people will come
"would rather not have to deal with this crap, but i guess it's worth it    "
"christmas <propfemale> at last, i definitely do not want to go to work   today and next friday will officially be the worst days i will be working   so let the f'ing craziness begin!! let's show 2010 who is boss! lol"
uber sadface for the holidays this year  hope things start to look up after new years
"have a sprained ankle, and a sprained wrist   had to get a freakin tetanus shot because of the gash in my hand   boo!!"
"meh   had an ok birthday   have to go back to work tomorrow   i wish things could be simple like they used to  hell what am i saying, things were never simple, lol "
"angry bout to really lose it, and it won't be good  sad "
"boo working like this, lol  ahhh! guess i'm ok though   smile "
had an oh no moment at work today  feel very sore   glad i have some days off
meh   had an emotional day
"inadvertantly made chili   made it with chopped steak, and pepper stir fry, let it simmer for over 12 hours   tasted it this morning, and realized it was just like chili!!! just added some diced tomatoes and chilis and i believe it is the shiznit   the steak is ridiculously tender and just falls apart, lmao  love it!"
very screwed right now
"just another day    i wonder how long it would take for people to notice if i disappear, lol jk "
when you least e playful ect it   ninja attack!!!
"it's crazy how sometimes that what you think is just made up actually happens   sometimes it's good, other times it is terrible  feeling that way right now, i feel like its better not to know  but then again, if there weren't terrible things that happen, there wouldn't be amazing events either "
meow   looking at a series of mishaps and misadventures   things could be worse though 
distraught  so much going on its not funny
"it feels like you are poking my brain with a spoon, just to see what it will do  lol"
"ahh! so i am working a lot more  been busy   tired though from it all, lol "
busy as hell but still aint gettin nothin done  lol
i need phone <propfirst> for my new phone  i have none in mine  except for my best friends (only a few) help!
