8c10758df8a679ec1243785422260e40
"okay went snowboarding yesterday    kept running over children, it was pretty fun "
"never give up, never surrender   ?"
anyone have crack?
"<(\)"""
somewhere under the rainbow  hand me an umbrella its about to get dicy 
somewhere under the rainbow  hand me an umbrella its about to get dicey 
"music is beyond awesome, it tends to give me butterflies, which is bitchin     wink "
<propfirst> <propmale> scares me 
"in life, what comes around goes around, and if your lucky might just come around again "
i hate the show planet earth  just sayin  smile 
    is so restless!!!
contemplating world domination 
shaw-t  that is my chinese name   smile 
"\write on my walls dear children\"""""
"\skip da laptop   it's runnin' vista  but grab dem sinatra cds   and anything else layin' around \"""""
"does history guide you, or do you set out to change it?"
"\why are there aliens there?\"" \""because they wanna make love in da club \"""""
"for this i see, that we, all we that live,  are but vain shadows, unsubstantial dreams  - sophocles"
"if life were fair, <propmale> would be alive and the impersonators would be dead  - <propfirst> <propmale>"
i love the proposal!!! ugh  it was great!
our whole life is solving puzzles   ~erno rubik
<propfemale> and wonderland today!!!!!!!!! wish me luck   idk why? yeeah boiiii
<propfemale> in wonderland was pretty sweeeeeet!
"you know what i want to know? why are hamburgers called hamburgers, there is not a shread of ham in there!?"
how do you paint a cloud?
the hair is the richest ornament of women   ~martin <propmale>
go for it now   the future is promised to no one   ~wayne dyer
i feel change turning   
i love airsoft wars and x-box!
happy easter!!!!! i love you!
"you know what i think? i like the assorted jelly beans, its worth the risk of getting a crappy one  i just love the surprise when i dont  smile "
"what will do, when your standing with death, what will you say? will you have this hollow incomplete feeling like you forgot something? like something is missing but you cant put your finger on it?"
we might as well be strangers 
"and shepherds we shall be, for thee, my lord, for thee  power hath descended forth from thy hand, that our feet may swiftly <propfemale> out thy command  so we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be  in nomine patris et filii et spiritus sancti  -boondock saints"
this is a test from the emergency alert system 
brain???    pinky???
"lions, tigers, and bears, ftw"
bite the bullet 
how people treat you is their <propfemale>; how you react is yours   ~wayne dyer
its something we all recognize but dont realize 
thinking about butterflies 
a poet can survive everything but a misprint   <propfirst> wilde
save it all 
what;s on your mind?
~what's on your mind?~
"i hate it when you speak your mind to someone, who pisses you off and then they go and erase themselves off of facebook with-out replying  ridiculous!"
f11 anyone???
bueller? bueller? bueller? bueller? bueller?
ready for an adventure 
going on a treasure hunt 
"tired fo this life, let us make a new one?"
this is the future 
happy birthdy love of my life!!!
"save me, i'm lost "
show me what im looking for 
the world really is a big place 
tell me a story    
close your eyes    it's off to never never land 
"i hope life isn’t a joke, because i don’t get it "
your out of your mind     thats between me and my mind 
is tired of stupidity 
when will it end?
everyday is a new day  i'm thankful for every breath i take 
who do you love?
i should have gotten more pictures           
ridiculous and preposterous 
to live in silence  what life is that?
"won't let fear, keep me from living my life "
"< smile  yes, <propmale> omaleki"
happy mum's day! thanks for being there for us    how do you do it?  smile 
"on the way to oregon  can't wait to see my best friends!  smile \ i miss you sparky "
so good to be in this beautiful town of bend again   smile 
"sometimes, it's not how good you are, it's how bad you want it    "
is in love with a tea shop 
"\there will be a clown making hamburgers \"" ehhh?"""
i love it when you go into a chinese restaurant
"i love it when you go to a chinese restaurant, and you see mexican cooks "
a very happy un-birthday to you 
"so sick of this life, take me away, and let me have freedom  send me a savior, because it is just not cutting it on my own "
spilunking today!!  smile 
tell me again how that story goes 
cheers to waking up in the morning and thinking about that one thing 
"tell me why it is, you only die inside?"
"i'm freaking happy, alright?"
supernatural!
"hello, my name is: inigo montoya  you killed my father    prepare to die!"
life is crazy    i guess thats what makes it fun   smile 
goo goo dolls i hope i see familiar faces   smile 
"it's a beautiful morning, with the birds chirping "
a smooth sea never made a skilled mariner 
adventure is not outside man; it is within 
   and now for something completely different 
<propmale> just got phone slapped  hahaha 
"wishing i had wings, i'd fly away from these terrible things "
i don't like where this is headed   
enjoying the oregon sunshine   smile 
enjoying the snow    in june 
i am a jedi  -30 rock 
butterfly kisses 
life is too short to live the same day twice 
it is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves- in finding themselves 
"the average office chair with wheels will travel 8 <propmale> this year \the average pencil will draw a line 35 <propmale> long "
legend of the seeker is awesome  that is all 
going tubing!
sick and tired!
"no more tears, no more sorrow  no more pain "
actions speak louder than words     so stop yelling!
i'm going to die if i don't get some soda   
<propfemale> la revolution 
"i will charm , i will fly, i will dazzle you with my wit "
breathing right away 
where oh where can he be?
happy fourth of july!!!! remember what this day stands for   
what exactly is true love?
do you know what your fighting for?
sending shivers down your spine on a day to day basis 
loves school supplies 
"\real like the movies \"""""
"did you ever wonder why we sing \take me out to the ballgame\"" when we're already there?"""
that's all folks 
"walking about the beach, what a hot day  i thought it was supposed to be cold here "
"wake up, the seagulls are calling "
w
woke up today and thought i was dreaming   
still alive but i'm barley breathing 
"i need a volunteer, how about you with the eyes "
dude  i'm so hungry 
and here we go one more time 
death by wall paper and flooring 
today i met <propmale> from the muppets  the actual guy who <propmale> was named after 
well somebody had their coffee this morning 
scarfity scarf scarf 
and here we are at a paperclip exhibit 
sense for cents 
"stop stepping on my fingers as you watch me fall of the ledge, this time was a time for reason, and maybe revenge "
"\i wont let fear clip my wings and tell me how high i can fly \"""""
air soft!!! i'm so ready to shoot some people   smile 
cougar today    pedophile tomorrow 
"my feet hit pavement and all i can think is \go!\"" where you ask? wherever i want """
you should be wilder 
you broke my heart and you didn't even know it 
put your heart into everything 
knock knock 
don't you wish the little voice inside your head was louder sometimes?
"i am not <propmale> omaleki , i am an artist   smile "
people are crazy 
what in the crap is wrong with people! keep it in your pants!
"let dreams invade the night that holds you now, father-dark voices tell you how after many nightmares we are friends  -<propfirst> petrie"
happy birthday <propmale> omaleki i miss you so much!
 smile )
welcome to facebook where everyone's the same 
it's disturbing how much sawdust smells like mcdonalds 
"it takes 7,214 licks to get to the center of a tootsie pop "
"\i'm being fun too!\"" -what exactly does this mean?"""
princes <propfemale> had the belly button pierced- and fitted with a 2 8-carat <propfemale> stud- just a few hours before her fatal accident 
"i skating tomorrrow  can i get a whoop, whoop!?"
does anyone know why obama is going to afghanistan?
"\we are here to learn and endure the beams of love \"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"he consumes my mind, and i love it  thank you god for your grace, and joy "
death and life have determined appointments  riches and honor depend upon heaven 
you know when i get my own place    i'm going to have a poster room 
"you know it's really hard to be yourself when so many people want you to pretend to be someone else  well, this is what i say to them! screw you!"
snow!!!!
"we are all going to suffer  and it is going to shape us  somehow  we will become: bitter or better, closed or open, more ignorant, or more aware, more or less "
goodnight <propmale>!
does anybody like spaghetti?
   and being as she wasn't could be who she wished to be   
"rant of the day: remember when police officers were nice and gave children and other people walking a ride if they wanted one? i think they should still do that! instead of being too big for their britches, they could rise up and once again become civil servants  i mean what do they have to fear? they are trained to kill, and the person in the back of the car is locked in "
is anyone going to the <propmale> walk?
your as old as you feel 
fun night for sure  good night all   smile 
escape?
i am <propfemale> 
thank you god for hot showers!
"i'm pretty sure we have all made claims, so put your hand in mine and make this mistake "
kind of feeling giddy   
kind of wanting to puke    
why?
the brothers bloom is amazing! that is all 
"get close to everything and everyone you care about, you don't know when it will be your last day on earth "
have you ever stared at something so long that it seems to disapear?
open your eyes and what do you see?
own it     whatever it is  own it 
it's funny how a good day can be ruined by such a little thing 
there is beauty in sadness 
"is that all you see me as? cuz if it is, you are wrong  i am so much more "
i kind of want to spontaneously combust 
i am on a journey 
underwater zumba at the krock center  i'm pretty excited about it 
"and god so loved the world he gave his only son, that whosoever believes in him, shall not perish but have everlast life  <propfirst> 3:16 may god bless you this holiday season  <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight!"
"i live in eager e playful ectation and hope that i will never do anything that causes me shame, but that i will always be bold for christ, as i have been in the past, and that my life will always honor christ, whether i live or i die  philippians 1:20"
why is it the same old story?
we all are apart of something perfect 
god works best when we don't know what is going to happen next  thank you god for keeping life exciting!
"there is risk in everything, that's what life is  all or nothing "
where is your zest?
"it's not what you have done, but what has been done for you "
all i can say is    i have really good friends   smile 
i'm such a sucker for a beautiful romance 
"dear god, \\nthank you for the beautiful day   smile  \\nlove, \\nmarlena "
focus 
you know what's great about life? is that you can change   smile 
you know what's great about life? it's that you can change   smile 
oh happy day!
yeaaaah! packers!!
"make no mistake, i can handle the truth!"
"so    i'm in crazy love with this one guy, you may know him, his name is jesus "
"this amputation of me, is for the best "
"hello, good morning, how do you do?"
happy new years!
i think i'll go scubadiving today 
"i have no idea how god puts up with me, i'm kind of difficult "
this wild god of mine     loves us 
<propmale> 62   smile 
"honestly  softly spoken  silent cries in a dark night, where time passes by  these are the days of youth, the days of now, what will you do with a split second?"
"how can you not feel confident? you're wearing versace sunglasses, a <propfirst> hilfiger sweater, <propmale> klein jeans, and <propfirst> <propfirst> gym shoes  now go on out there and just be yourself     "
apparently it is snowing almost everywhere    where is it not snowing?
aahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhnd now we have take off 
forgive me 
i might puke   
psalm 63: 1-11
"dear life, please hurry up and get with it   smile ) thanks "
it's not lack of love but lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages  -friedrich nietzsche
i am thankful for    weekends 
"no matter what you do, god still has a <propfemale> for you "
"i have no idea what you have planned for me god, i am stuck in a town that holds no future i fear  will you tell me what your thinking?"
i am a robot 
when is it enough?
"i'm not sure why, but this sunshine is making me want a cat nap "
what a beautiful day! i think i will go for a hike 
"our thoughts are not our own, think about it "
how he loves us so 
"just watched the tourist, it was amazing!"
and here is the clincher      
i am not going!
being hit on by fifty year old men  it's awesome 
awake my soul 
"for with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge, the more grief  ecclesiastes 1:18"
"we think we know, and yet, we know we don't know "
do something crazy 
