05d9d2439ceb3505dfcdb4fc228a384b
omg    face book confuses me 
starting school tomorrow! yay all bills are paid and i got money for dayzzzzz
class was awesome
no class today afterall  damnit! i coulda got overtime!
day off tomo! and i get my phone on  if u didnt get my new number than ur <propfirst>
school       blah
omg  i dont know what to say  rest in peace <propmale>  it doesnt even feel real  u were just over here     
"last night was the funeral  i feel like i finally got a little bit of closure, and im begining to heal  just taking it 1 day at a time and lounging around the house today with quel  just regrouping and getting my life back on track"
happier than ive been in 3 yrs!
2002 <propfemale> optima  sun roof moon roof  alarm  luxury car  190000km but ive maintained it well  needs new rack n pinion  i dont wanna do it so im asking 5000 obo  hit me up
im tired of this douche tryin me n me yo! fuck him  im laughin at ur ass now
im tired of this douche tryin me yo! fuck him  im laughin at ur ass now
i hate this fucking weather! omg make it stop aaahhhhhh
cleaning my house after a long weekend
sigh    and its back to work 
fuck yo couch lol
woop woop! let me catch ur ass not wearin green! i will be the little pinching leprachaun
facebook is like the stupid mans myspace  its so boring  theres no music or backgrounds  or anything fun  its retarded and dead  all i do is play these apps and get off     
omg i feel like crap! the name four loko does not mean that u should drink four of those nasty fuckers  i feel sick 
working then going to my aa meeting tonight
im pregnant guys!!!!! woo hoo!                april fools
ugh got lots to do tomo! dayum            
people disappoint me and im tired     errands tomo than class  blah
finals this friday! wtf! chillaxin with my baby 
so much to do today    mmm where to begin?
finals tonight! fuck!
man  this job is giving me really great opportunity! and great fuckin pay! btw! woohoo! 3 00 gpa passed my finals!!!
happy mama dukes day ladies! ugh      what to get mama dukes     sigh  idk  ill just get her a new cell phone
all this time i just thought boys were slow  turns out theyre completely insane  wtf
this morning was shitty  the days got so much better tho
almost off work
work is going great today  laundry tonight  boy my life is just so fucking exciting  ><
just when u think u can trust someone     they prove u wrong  same ole shit
bishop tonight
signed up today for a bunch of oil volunteer work  i feel better   off to work now
omg i'm never doing that again
school      yup  i hate this town
don't judge a book by it's movie
why is the one thing im trying to accomplish is sooo hard!
i hate this    
whose all going to gators tonight?
as they say     when it rains    it pores  these past 2 weeks ive been drowning in a fuckin river! wake me up when this shit gets better! me n my vodka are going to sleep!
im in a whirl wind of confusion  hungover  and i feel im going to make an ass of myself today  what else is new  but hey its friday!
fml
weeki wachi house on the river  boats  love  <propfemale>  yup it was a great f'ing weekend  my ass is burnt
f*** i have to go to school tonight! does the learning ever end  just give me the certification and send me on my way already! dayuuum
<propmale> u suck!!!!! u suck balls!
sorry <propmale>  u dont suck  i luv u!
damnit       class  i dont wanna go! i wonder if anyone will notice if i just put a few beers in my bag and drink em in my water bottle today       hmmm
sick    and this is the last week i have to make up school work! ugh  well with all the throwing up i did i know i lost like 10 lbs  annoyed 
sick  and im waiting to get my car back so i can go to school  gonna try to make it thru this night  ugh
lots to do lots tuh doooo! cant quite get the gumption to get going  <<<<lazy
so  let me get this straight  yesterday when no one works today there wasn't shit to do  but tonight there's a kegger and i gotta work  i hate mornings
thinking of my boo  spending wednesday with her  shes awesome  no matter how bad things are or what im going thru  she lifts me up! she saves me  and takes my breath away
that's when she said i don't hate you       but i can't save you
so if this ain't love then how do we get out? that's when she said i don't hate u no i just wanna save u but there's just nothing left to save    i don't hate you
i feel like i'm in the right place at the right time  i feel really lucky to have such support from amazing people  its crazy who comes thru for u when u least e playful ect it  its weird that things are so wrong but i feel like this is right
hanging out with some friends thinking of better days to come
going to the beach  then to play pool  ugh  gotta wash them scrubs 
drinking at the beach  my favorite thing tuh dooooo
wow  uhm  i think i suck at pool when i'm drunk
nothin better then waking up <propmale> the fuck over to find that u made an ass of yourself the night before fml
test at school today  what the    
ugh  i don't have much else to say then that
things feel at a stand still  im not depressed but i don't have the drive to go further  school is good  home is good  yet i feel like there's something i need to do
off to school  grab n stab bitches  ugh this weather
fuck a facebook  i'm leaving my phone in my car before i throw it somewhere  god i wish i could drink at school  haha
oh  last night was both great and horrible  wasted money today to make myself feel better  didn't really work  sigh
teach me how to jessy  teach me teach me how to jessy  say fuck a dougie lol  bitch  i'm better
ugh  homework
its starting to hit me a little  going thru the motions as they say  but its different  its relief not regret  just gotta stay busy  school  friends  work  shouldn't be an issue  is it weird that i don't miss the douche i just miss the apt  oh well  i got the cat
so much tuh dooooo so little time 
ugh  work tomorrow?  at least my homie <propfirst> makes that shit hilarious
just my luck 
this shit sucks wtf kinda telemarketing says u can't wear hollister?  its telemarketing bitch!
omg  yes! i'm officially not an illegal alien anymore
nothing can bring u back  rip <propfirst>  i love u my cousin 
