5912f955fa43691daee8297728fb679c
im going back to nh at the end of the quarter! wooh home
watching ax men because im bored as hell 
mad that the heat keeps turning on magicly at my house
did anyoine else know that they make york pepermint <propfemale> peices?!?!? i wonder how good they are 
does anyone in charleston have a truck that i can borow? if so give me a shout 
i need a truck       
"workin hard, er hardly workin   ?"
who else has ever gone to buy some french fries and then find out your $80 in the hole?
76 degrees this friday   and thunderstorms   sounds like a good day   
5 days till i get to visit home!!!
spting break!!! it just wont start till im in nh! god i cant wait any longer
less then 12 hours now and i will be home!!!!!
i am getting way to ancsious about getting gone   i just want to be there already!
four hours and 36 <propfemale> to go     
been home for 24 hours now and im already going to regret going home    
any hot chick that can aim a camera thinks they are a photographer  ohhh you took a picture of a lawn chair and its shadow you must be so bruding and deep!
heading home soon  sad face     
i turned 20 today   when the hell did i grow up so much   it seems like just yesterday i was running around like a retard in the back yard   god i miss being 5
i got a job!!!
our new house is starting to look like a house!!!!
new house is getting better everyday!
there is shit everywhere!!! in the toilet in the tub! omg!!! worst part about it is that even after you fix the problem there is no where to shower now   
hungryyyy     
school starts monday    it always seems to jump up right after i get used to not going   why is that?
first time in almost 2 years that i have spent more then 24 hours away from sara   weird
spaghetti and meat sause with garlic bread 
i lost a very important pair of sun glasses today but then i go back to right where i left them and boom there they are  i love this school and the amount of stuff that people steel from other people   : )
just found out there is a mid term in this class   terrifying
on my way home
soooo bored!
cowboy bebop the movie what what!!!
where's my dinasoar!
thinks the teachers little girl looks exactly like him
thinks facebook creapers are creapy
thinks that facebooks timing on when things is posted is off by a split second
thies deep thoughts brought to you by pbs and your local merchants
just remembered how good nerds are
working in raw! when you put it in caps like that it sounds important
you know come to think about it this is the most i have posted on facebook in for ever 
bizar <propfirst> <propmale> movie
just got up and brought <propfemale> to school  now waiting to go to work   gah!
ah the best part of the morning waiting to go to work
trapped on the wrong side of the table
last digital dark room class   still feel like i've learnd nothing   
talking to people on the other side of the world is almost like time travel
i need a mouse    a computer mouse anyone got an extra they dont want
just facebooked on a 47 inch tv   sweeet
best rainy day by far!
tgif! pork chops for dinner nothing else to do for the night
cant wait to get out of class    at 10 oclock      fml
oh and does anyone have any drawing class supplies i may use?
almost ready to go to bed long day today    
playing hemp tycoon growing some hemp
so many things to dis like here    like christmas before halloween when there is never any snow   
still no net at the house   
oh my god! im on the internet at the house
windows instalation disc for windows 7 whos got one that i can borow?
t <propfemale>us 1 hour and 33 <propfemale> before i lift off the ground like a bird
im home!!! well ive been home for about 20 hours now  who wants to <propfemale> out
the worst time of day is that time when you sit down and wait  and wait  and wait  and then go to class 
communication is getting cut off left and right  my phone has been disconnected and i only get on the internet with the free time i have at the school  so if anyone is trying to tell me anything super important just give it time and ill get back to you soon
being held hostage in design elements    
missing the winter weather
boo not prepared for class
wanting to play some hard core paintball right now 
