08ac19607c58c6caedda1a5d6aaa36ce
high in the sky for the first time  laugh   on a small airplane sight seeing some volcanos  it was cool 
feel like i wasted the whole day watching tv   annoyed    text me or something?   - 
"i'll add more pictures, i swear "
what is the difference between a burrito and a soft taco?
wtf c schedule    w  t  h     annoyed 
what to do oh what to do the day before school starts   
i have a 101 fever  greatttt  d=
"gah, now it's turkey for dinner for the next few nights  oh boy "
stupid colored pencils  120 pencils!  but when i open it turns out to be 2 of every color -_-  so there's only 60! of course it doesn't say that on the box    rip off! and i can't even return it now t-t
wants to go out and do something  someone text me!
-sigh- over   annoyed  back to <propfemale> ol' worrisome school 
-peaks head out from a pile of homework-
"ahh, three day weekend well spent -nod-"
dang it!   i lost 
what to do this weekend    hm  
can't   focus   on shakespeare  homework     annoyed  ugh -watches tv-
"sooo brain dead from this day long test  annoyed    and no, i will not join farmville!"
"i need something to do today   someone invite me somewhere, quick!"
now lets just wait till everyone magicaly have *always* been a saints fan 
"my new goal in life is to become ambidextrou, and to master the pencil trick "
can't stop shivering!  annoyed 
today is the worst day to have a headache  annoyed   so much homework and things to accomplish 
darn you milk and cookies! you have won again!  -fishes dropped cookie out of milk with a fork-  t-t
 - 
i want a hamster!!
nooooo!!! it took me days to get this new high score and in the middle of the game it got deleted! i was aiming for the national high score list  i lost all motivation to play t-t
zombie jesus day!
"oh gawd,  h surprise h is a bitch to capture   annoyed "
curse you ap tests  d=
it  hurts   to walk  
"i don't trust toaster ovens anymore  playful    it totally burnt black megans music charm, now i have to start all over  this time with a realll oven  -_-"
"graduation was nice! ate outback with a couple graduates, freaking stuffed  so tired  long day, but nice to see my brother walk across that stage, congrats!"
at times like these i wish i was gifted at playing piano  t-t
"as of  tomorrow, i'll be in canada  completly computer deprived for 2 whole weeks x x"
is watching dragon ball gt
"had surgery today  annoyed    the anethesia is really neat, and slowly waking up is a nice feeling  it was just the ride home that made me sick, and the hours waiting in the stupid half naked gown thing  annoyed     but all went well, just really swollen and bleh "
must finish  last chapter of summer  reading    (motivation is minimal  annoyed )
hates essays at this point in time 
okay   now i am regretting staying for the arm workout  tubas are now my enemy that must be conquered 
hm  wow   last day  today sounds like an ice cream in front of tv day 
"second week of band camp    done\school work, unfortunately not  ehhhh"
"hah, essays  done "
"wooo! san <propfirst> was awesome! the river walk\ was gorgeous, the game was exciting, and i had a blast at <propmale> and \busters  but got home sick dx"
coloring is so tedious x x   been working a straight 5 hours but only about 1 5 done 
why can't i get any sleep?
=o my neighbors found a 6 foot long python on their drive way 0 o
the flambuzzadiddle swiss-dragachudda inverted cheesy tap does exist  0 o woah
"we squeezed into state, now it's time to really throw it down, starting right now  lets make it the best rehearsals, and best performances of them all "
looks like <propmale> took 1st place in state 
my bassoon reeds really hate me t-t   curse you mass-production reeds that suck!
"well, i know what i'm not doing today  shopping "
"i     hate    dbqs!!   playful !   i put you off till today, and now your whopping my ass t-t"
-sniff- my dog skip    always gets to me  t^t
being lazy all day is the best
"got in an accident today -_-  lady rear-ended us, accidentally pressed the gas instead of  the break  all is okay though, hope <propfirst> is released from the hospital soon "
snow!?
i need to learn how to sew  o o     t~t
"mann, i don't have a case bag for my stand  playful   i really need to bring it too "
"back from area! never seen so many bassoons in my life!  laugh   it makes me happy  and bassoons are so nice, and so chill, we are like a bassoon gang "
curse my procrastinative ways! t~t
"lmao, 6 day weekend!? due to water shortages schools will remain closed tomorrow  we're not getting out till the middle of june at this rate -_-"
i dislike being on top of metaphorical fences 
yeah   i know what i'll be doing tomorrow -___-
lmao  my love for bassoons have just tripled 
