6d27a5a755a8ea73aff612087af747c2
has the best mom ever 
"4 years in retail and now i'm finally \management \""  yay me """
family: just another word for the people who hurt you the most 
can't believe people actually go shopping on holidays like the fourth of july and easter   why don't they spend time with their friends and families so i can too?
so little to do and so much time in which to do it    i love days off 
thinks the house hunting is finally coming to a close   
"three hours of sleep and 2 new friends at walmart later, the plan is unfolding, well, as planned "
"have i ever been so tired in my life?  no, i don't think so "
turned 21 on wednesday   got drunk!  woo!
just got new drivers license in the mail!!!  and its      still pretty bad   oh well!
is def catching the bug thats been going around   crap 
bought nyquil and lots of gatorade   hopefully i'll be ready for meg&caits action packed day tomorrow!
fruita fall fest tonight with my bestie!
"just saw a clip for new <propfemale>    i don't know if i love <propfirst> or <propmale> more    come on, november 20th!!!!!!!!!!!"
"it's scarf weather, bitches!"
51 days till new <propfemale>    51 days till new <propfemale>    better start getting my twilight ensemble ready now!
35 days till new <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
re-reading new <propfemale> and its official: i'm on team <propmale> 
preparing for an epic halloween party!
is going to be a sister in law!!  lol lol lol lol lol lol
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter 
finally registered for classes   a whole lot of psychology and then marriage and families    lol 
4 hours of work and then the weekend is mine    
"\the power in the relationship lies with the one who cares less \""  brilliant right? looking forward to another night full of alcohol!"""
this is so awesome 
a failed spanish test and presentation + way too long at work + boy drama = a desperate need for alcohol and air band to fuck you music with the girls on a random tuesday night 
couldn't be more excited to see <propfirst> lautner tonight!
new <propfemale> was great!  the only thing that could have made it better is if <propfirst> lautner never had a shirt on     team <propmale> all the way!
needs a hug 
happy birthday briggs!!!!!  can't wait for tonight!!!!!
needs to get off the internet and study for finals 
i have accomplished nothing in the past three days   so much for being ready for finals    
what should i wear tonight?  new boots or new jeans? hmmm    
can this week just be over please?
"my car handles ice like a champ!  i, on the other hand, need to invest in some proper footwear before i break a hip "
is going to watch mama mia   that movie never fails to put me in a good mood 
would like nothing more than to kick someone right in the fucking teeth 
i really want to go back to bed    
i'm freeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and its been a long december but there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last   i can't remember all the times i tried to tell myself to hold on to these moments as they pass   
"but the thing is, you are settling   like shit at the bottom of a pond "
weavers tonight!
is going to figure this shit out   on my own 
black  smile 
"yesterday: my car ate its serpentine belt, i lost my id, and ended up being collateral damage in a bar fight  sweeeeet "
looking forward to a morning at the dmv     maybe they'll take a new picture!  my last one was terrible!!!!
really annoyed 
no longer annnoyed
couldn't be more in love with weezer's new album 
damn the luck   this semester should be interesting to say the least 
pretty sure my books cost almost as much as my tuition  sweet 
i love the block feature on facebook 
dear old circuit friends: did anybody else lose their w-2 for 2009?!?
i'm packing up and moving to easy street  who's with me?
its 42 degrees outside!!!!!!!!  i'm so excited i could just pee my pants!!!!!!!!
"\hit something hard   i don't want to limp away from this wreck \"""""
"got a jury summons and i'm not going to lie, i'm kind of excited about it "
finally figured out what i really want to do when i graduate and i couldn't be more excited 
"blink 182, girl scout cookies, and boonsfarm are going to get me through today "
time to start thinking about spring cleaning!  i've got to tie up some loose ends and cut some losses  and then maybe rearrange my room    
the next time you have a thought     let it go 
so my sweet dog is lost and running around junction somewhere     if anybody sees a <propmale> shepard mix about 3 years old that answers to the name <propfemale> please let me know!
bring on the weekend and possible liver failure   this week has been a damn mess 
you know what a best friend looks like?  a girl tramping through ankle deep mud in a blizzard helping you <propfemale> posters for your missing dog   <propfemale> marsh is a total badass 
shutter island=amazing
i drive like a cullen 
took advantage of the nice weather by almost dying in the desert today   good thing tank is literally a tank!
"oh, spring break, i'm so glad you're finally here!!"
have you heard the news?  bad things come in twos   but i never knew    'bout the little things 
"little logey left for basic training today    i couldn't be more proud of him, but i miss him already  sad "
shoot me 
not terribly thrilled with this weather 
happy anniversary mom and <propmale>!  and congrats and good luck to <propfemale> in the vagina monologues!  i love you guys!
dear facebook chat: i hate you 
sooooo excited for saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today needs to end   preferably with a beer and a hug 
ugh  monday 
the moral of the story: don't google your symptoms when you're sick 
kind of thrilled with the way my night went   smile 
"honestly, i don't think life gets much better than this "
looks like its going to be one of those days  grr 
skirt weather  smile 
has pink eye   thanks mom 
fabulous day so far!  the best part      winning  smile 
dear fb chat: you make me beyond crazy 
my life+the people in it=amazing!
i'm never going to take being able to breathe through my nose for granted ever again 
new pictures     i'll tag them when i have time!  sorry guys lol
there are days that take too long     it's those days i wish i had you right here in my arms     
ugh 
exhausted   this group project had better go fast   i want to go back to sleep!
only two more days of class and a few finals then i'm freeeee!!!!!
can't get warm   geez 
"if i can just get through my quantative research methods final tomorrow, everything will be ok     ugggh "
last final     done!
"\idc what idk about!\"" -- <propfirst>"""
first day of summer and     i m annoyed 
"\i tried to get them to leave sooner but it was like herding a flock of goats!\"" --<propmale> stiasny"""
"\youre a faggle! who slaps their mother?!\"" -- <propfemale>"""
my phones keeps sending me every text message four times in a row   that's fun   as if reading it the first time didn't piss me off enough 
uuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
dear verizon: what the f*ck?!?!
made some really bad pico de gallo and found out how much it costs to replace my radiator    good day 
"\i pull my eyebrows when i get angry \"" --<propfemale> donohue"""
\i believe that everything happens for a reason  people change so that \,6d27a5a755a8ea73aff612087af747c2,already having dreams about missing classes     and its not even july!
"\ever notice how 'what the hell?' is always the right answer?\"" --<propfemale> <propmale> """
fishing tomorrow for father's day    pretty excited!
"things are looking up!  looks like i may be getting a job offer soon!  then a fabulous, crazy night in foco with <propfemale> and then off to <propfemale> to get logey!"
has a job  smile  and another interview!  pretty lucky day!
i didn't enjoy not working enough     rejoining the workforce sucks 
off to ga!  then to dove creek for pick and hoe if <propfemale> and mom don't murder me during the long ass drive   blehhhhh 
just crossed the lousiana state line     im looking for alligators and vampires    
had an absolutely amazing 4th and i'm so happy that logey is home!
someone should revoke my social networking privileges   for my own good 
"\had a bad day    don't talk to me     gonna ride this out   my little black heart    breaks apart    with your big mouth   and i'm sick    of my sickness   don't touch me    you'll get this \"" -- unwritten law"""
car broke down in glenwood    again  looks like ill be stranded here alone for the next couple of hours    how fun 
"sooo tired of the car problems   but on a happier note, only one month until my birthday!"
bllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
"i\ love days off   and moms who bring you yardsale treasures, dads who \fix your car without being asked, sisters who always invite you to watch\ trueblood with them, and boyfriends who surprise you with massive jugs \of g2   and meggy and logey, even though they're far, far away "
starting to make birthday plans    pretty excited!
floor set at work today     hope they finisih it before i have to go in    
"all the small things    true care, truth brings   i'll take one lift    your ride, best trip "
don't you just love it when the weather matches your mood?
aunty <propfemale> just brought me a plate of her amazing chocolate chip cookies   this is the best day off ever 
a completely hellacious day calls for a night of total self indulgence 
all i wanted to do on my day off is go lay in the sun   and its raining   that's fabulous 
"undoubtedly the worst, most unflattering haircut i've ever had   <propfirst> said he'd think i was cute even if i was bald   good thing, considering i might be by the time he comes home "
had a bar wish me happy birthday on facebook    maybe the coolest birthday wish i've ever had   thanks weavers!
school on monday? yikes 
"goodbye, summer   hello, senior year!"
what a ridiculously productive day   i think i'm going to like this semester 
"done with the first week of school, double date with the long lost sis tonight, and logey bear comes home tomorrow!   smile "
"if you combined some of <propfemale> lambert's songs with some of <propfirst> clarkson's, you'd have the soundtrack to my life "
"my mind keeps replaying that little dog getting hit on patterson today and it breaks my heart all over again   shame on you for not stopping, guy   that little puppy was still alive, and you owe that family an apology "
i am aware that pushing the crosswalk button 80 times doesnt actually make the light change fasster  but that doesnt stop me from doing it 
is in a murderous rage 
"tosh 0, scrubs, and sonic make rainy days not so bad "
what an incredibly sad day   i miss my little brother  sad 
the killers and motion city soundtrack today   makes me miss long drives with mooze!
is desperate for a vacation   my <propfemale> is wearing dangerously thin 
dove creek this weekend!!!!
"the weekend was way too short, and nothing has gotten any better since i left   crappy "
"thank god for good family   no matter how far away or how long its been, they're always there you when you need them "
"really, really hates crickets "
"dear spider: this means war   and i think you're no match for my vacuum   you too, crickets "
date night  smile  so excited!!!!
is developing a vendetta against the 18 year old floozies that seem to be flooding the gj   how old and jaded do i feel?! sheesh 
facebook on a phone is a dangerous thing    good thing i don't have it!
"too many spiders in my spider-free zones    apparently i won that battle, but the war isn't over "
got a message from logey today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is feeling nostalgic 
listening to <propfirst> sing songs from coyote ugly while driving to <propfemale>    and thats why he's my favorite person to road trip with  smile 
"is in love with \her diamonds\"" by <propmale> <propfirst> today   good song """
is running on fumes 
what's the best cure for a bad mood?
they're not kidding when they say click it or ticket lol
"\i'm awake and i'm alive \"""""
had so much fun knife fighting with noodles with <propfemale> today! there's nothing quite like laughing your ass off with a good friend 
"\there's no way to grow that don't hurt \"""""
"a power nap and <propmale> and cheese and now i'm off to my interview    it's been a good day thus far, just need to keep the momentum!!!"
soooo exhausted   i can't wait for break so i can just sleep all day and night!
back to the future marathon!  and only a couple presents left to wrap!  very productive first day of break  smile 
"paying the price for last night, in more ways than one "
"has spent the last 24 hours on this same couch watching the same show   oh, the beauty of christmas break!"
all of my spraying for bugs has paid off    just found godzilla and a discomforting number of his friends dead behind the arm chair   now i'm a little afraid to move the couch    
"\ever notice how \""what the hell?\"" is always the right answer?\"" --<propfemale> <propmale>"""
seriously kicked ass this semester 
"\i've found that when you want to know the truth about someone that someone is probably the last person you should ask \"" --dr  house"""
i love getting to talk to <propfirst> everyday!
who moved my cheese? bleh 
"every bum i saw today was holding a sign that said \veteran \""  is junction really this bad about taking care of war vets or are these guys just preying on my patriotism?"""
"\the important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become \"" --<propfirst> du bos"""
i'd kill for a vacation and some warm weather 
mom just got a fantastic touch screen computer   and now i want to move back home and play on it all night 
"dearest friends and family: you guys make the crappy, difficult things not so crappy and difficult   i love you guys "
"\i wanna be    i want everything   i want everything \"" -buckcherry"""
i'd love a surprise right now   and i hate surprises   but something une playful ected would be nice 
fabulous night with the family!
"i think the rolling stones had it right   you can't always get what you want, but you might get what you need "
"awesome day, beginning to end "
