b0ffb9a5318edaf863b309bf00c2874b
happy new year!  joyful 
? i don't say goodbye bye please don't say goodbye bye baby i'm so sorry i love you i'm so sorry ?
i took down the picture  i'll put up a new one tomorrow 
tell me your wish!  joyful 
happy birthday to jenny-chan and seobaby!  joyful 
many of you will be happy to know that i've finally cut my nails   now to wait 2 months   
ugh   only got five hours of sleep   ?   
uh oh   my uncle's website works now   
orientation tomorrow!  annoyed   joyful 
"sorry <propfemale>, but ur itouch sucks  it's too limited and confusing!  annoyed "
"happy bday joon! (late) awesome day guys! food was great, karaoke was hilarious   joyful  but im never going to a buffet again   "
   i'm officially going to prom   *sigh*
chest hurting   now neck hurting   still have college essay to redo   *sigh* what can i do? *shrug*
"i don't want you guys to get involved in all this drama  so whether you believe him or not, is up to you  but just try to stay neutral  i'm fine with answering your questions, but this shit drama shouldn't be involving you guys "
it's been so long since i've seen you  you've become my nightmare but i know i shouldn't stop you if you like yourself that way  i just hope you are well and will still consider me your friend 
man up u woman!
waking up at 4 smile 0 tomorrow  annoyed ; good luck on sat guys!
"came to a bunch of pots, pans, bowls, dishes, forks, chopsticks and etc  in the sink from my brother and his friends making spaghetti, chicken patties, and who knows what  guess who got bored and decided to clean up after them? lol "
"brother asks mom for metro card and money to go shopping with friends, mom tells brother to <propfemale> the laundry later, mom goes out grocery shopping, i go out to buy stuff for bday gifts, i come home n brother is gone and laundry is still in washing machine, i'm forced to <propfemale> the laundry and mom just says 'oh'"
just realized i have huge bags under my small eyes  lol 
my uncle thinks i'm a girly girl   *cry*
omg! i'm friggin freezing in my room!  annoyed 
college app   *cringe*
"some of you might kill me for this    converstation i had with my mom tonight: mom: <propfemale>, your school sent a letter  what does it say? me: it's just a trip  are you going? no  why not? it's $400 something  i'll pay  i would stay overnight at another state  that's fine  i want to save money  i'm going to prom anyways  if you want to go and your friends are going, i'll pay for it  no thanks  lol   playful "
sat scores tomorrow *cringe* <propfemale> our children international event early tomorrow morning *yawn*
my sat   math went down while writing n reading went up   total stayed the same   wth? and don't you guys complain about me being up this early again  today i woke up at 4:45 for that coci thing 
happy halloween and <propfemale> samhain!  joyful 
"im so happy i finally know what to declare 'name'!  joyful  now to finish the third part of comp sci, write the 3 scripts for comp sci, study for english exam and study for globalization exam   "
what a disappointment   
i just made brownie cake!  joyful 
h&m opened a new branch on 51st street  first 300 customers until saturday get free gift cards of values between $10 to $300 to spend that day  just letting u guys know   joyful 
second comp sci exam tomorrow!  annoyed 
sorry guys  the h&m thing ended yesterday  sorry to the people who went today 
ugh! my stomach is killing  me!!!  annoyed 
the audio for the mama is the worse i've ever heard    some of the performances were pretty good though (visual wise)
people around me making me friggin pissed! and you all should know why!
"yay! can't wait till black friday! hanging out with <propfirst>, yuxia, sylwia, and maybe <propfemale>!  joyful "
happy thanksgiving!  joyful 
help! my uncle wants to send me new years gift! no!!!  annoyed 
bought a microphone from target and it doesn't even come with a <propmale>  wth? online sources don't help much  now i'll probably have to return it since i don't even know how to use it   
*sigh* need to buy a mask with a stick for the masquerade    this week is so packed    i won't even be able to make it to book club on friday    *tear* my poor dear <propfemale>   
"*sigh* i'm the only one that showed up on time for study group again  even after we moved it an hour later, they're still late   "
   i will never do scripting ever again       tic tac toe is officially ruined for me       i'm really scared for my grade right now   
"omg   my eyes hurt from staring at that tictactoe program for the past 3 hours trying to fix errors  finally got most of it right! hope <propmale> can fix the final error  now, time to drop dead "
"*sigh* last week of classes with english and globalization finals  next week is finals week for college classes and portfolio check for english  must study, yet group members aren't even here for the last study group session    week after is   ?"
which satii's should i take in january?! gah!!!  annoyed  y r the study sessions for next week so damn late into the afternoon?! i feel like i have more to do than what i wrote down in my planner   
"gahhh!!! stressing out right now! finals and studying all next week, <propmale>'s bday next week, college apps due after next week, christmas stuff, sat ii math 2 and physics next month (still need to sign up a location with <propfemale> and study)   "
the calc final was so hard that i stressed out and got a fever in the middle of the exam    annoyed 
i didn't get accepted to early decision for macaulay  but they rolled my application over to regular decision  hope i get in   annoyed 
must study for comp sci final tomorrow! must get at least b+!  annoyed 
"comp sci final over with! whoo! got <propmale>'s janovic scholarship!  joyful  now just waiting to finish college apps, do fafsa, christmas stuff, and wait for score reports and replies from colleges "
just realized i need more pictures of myself   
"   my mom just called me on my cell to tell me to turn off the heat    wth?! woman, you're in the other room that's right next to the living room!"
got a 90 on comp sci final!  joyful  what did you guys get?
why was there so much drama and coincidences today? so confused right now   
gonna be at <propmale> by myself tomorrow morning  it's gonna be a nice change of pace huh?
"even if we won't see each other much anymore, as long as we try our best, we'll still be able to stay as friends like before  so just promise me you'll asl try your best okay?  joyful "
"what a nice day it was to go to <propmale> college in the early morning (it was closed!  annoyed ), walk through central park, go to borders at <propmale> circle, not ice skate at the pond with pelin and her bro, and <propfemale> out with friends at kinokuniya and around other stores  it was more fun than it sounds   joyful "
? hollow christmas by navi and mighty mouth ?
<propfemale> christmas! happy yule! happy holidays!  joyful 
practicing my performance for monday's party  still nervous and unsure   annoyed 
finally finished watching shugo <propfemale> doki! amuto  love   joyful 
which is worse? cutting your flesh with a blade or cutting your heart and soul with self criticism?
hate that my body and voice freezes up when i perform in front of others   crying 
"just found out that when guys call me by pet names i cringe, my stomach turns, and i literally feel like throwing up   "
a+ in calc!!! whoohoo!!! i can finally release my tension!  joyful 
my horoscope says romance will start up the next year (more specifically january and february)  watch it be a load of bs 
just got the best present <propfemale>r in the mail on new years <propfemale>  hope that means that 2011 will be good   joyful 
starting off the new year with a tear and a smile  let's see which one will overpower the other 
nothing says a new year like rearranging my room and putting up new stuff
i kept sneezing all day  is someone talking about me?
"(<propfemale> was talking on two phones, one with <propfemale> and one with me ) <propfemale>: <propfemale> says that 'when i talk to <propfemale> on the phone i sound like a pedophile cause she sounds like a baby'  (lol  wth?)"
?you must believe believe we will be like we are in a <propfemale> tale where blessings and happiness is the ending?
and the homework begins    sad 
today i learned how to use a lighter! but <propfemale> c and <propfemale> made it look so easy   
seniors are going to have etiquette workshops next wednesday and thursday from 8 smile 0 to 2 surprise 0   that sure says a lot about what the principal thinks of us   
this video project is giving me a headache and heart attack!!! xo
"?i won't forget you never, ever i can't go back you'll always be close to my heart even now?"
sat ii next saturday! i barely studied for physics!  annoyed 
someone remind me on tuesday to print a bunch of physics study sheets from src!
i like rap music because i don't have to think about anything else; i like stereo headphones because they can drown out all other noises around me; stereo headphones + rap music = blissful isolation
"can't sleep, i keep thinking about things that make me cry   "
why does the etiquette workshop have to be so early tomorrow?!  annoyed 
"i'm glad we can still go on forever talking about things that really matter, like each other  it makes me really happy to know that i'm not losing you   at least not now   "
just got home from multicultural show at <propfemale>'s school  it was awesome! but i have a headache for some reason and i need to sleep and prepare for satii tomorrow   annoyed  good luck to other ppl who are taking either sat's!
"satii was so hard! gosh, i think my brain is dead and i really have no confidence in those two scores   "
"? good person, you're my first love the person who taught me love never forget you i remember you i only remember you ?"
to my non-<propmale> friends: tomorrow i'll ask <propfemale> if you guys can come meet her on wednesday to ask her about how to get into <propmale>  i'll let you guys know if she's available  let me know who's coming and what time  to my <propmale> friends: come meet me awesome non-<propmale> friends!  joyful 
to non-hunter friends: <propfemale> is busy on wednesday  can you guys make it on friday?
<propfemale>'s coming to <propmale> tomorrow!!! that means you guys better behave and by nice to her or else imma kick you!  laugh 
<propfemale>! <propfemale>! we're so spazzing tomorrow!!!  joyful 
show show show is out! i have a feeling it's going to be the song for their next mv!  joyful 
<propfirst> and <propfemale> are coming to <propmale> tomorrow (maybe <propfemale> too)!!!  joyful 
show show show and oh! were awesome!!! the girls are getting more individual screen time! so much jeti love! and seohyun is getting better at facial e playful ressions!  joyful 
   i think i just finished my fafsa   i hope filled it out correctly   
screw this! css is too confusing! why do i have to do all this and get a headache just for barnard?! why isn't fafsa good enough?!  annoyed 
i bought the last sheet of shugo <propfemale> stickers at ec! lucky!  joyful 
listening to <propfemale> lavigne's <propfemale>! it's going to be featured in <propmale> <propmale>'s <propfemale> in wonderland  the song is pretty good  i love <propfemale>'s outfit in the pictures of herself on the set!  joyful 
~the tears fall from my heart of ice ~
after reading my face i am relieved to know that i'm not insane for not recognizing my reflection sometimes  lol 
even guys in my dreams like to tease me! grrr!!!  annoyed 
"if <propmale>'s not closed tomorrow, i still have college classes   that means i'll have to go to school just for a 50 minute class   -_-"
<propmale> is still scheduled to be open   
"nevermind, classes are cancelled   and i just got dressed too   "
i think the snowstorm is making my internet connection shaky   
got accepted to <propmale>'s regular admissions! macaulay honors still pending   
"just realized that today my satii scores came out  mathii-650, physics-600   is that good?   "
css is killing me!!!  annoyed  stupid barnard!!!
4 day weekend! woohoo!  joyful 
i'm supposed to write a 3-4 <propfemale> paper on echoes of new york   i still have no idea on what my topic should be  annoyed    help?
"forget <propfirst>'s day, happy lunar new year everyone!  joyful "
gong hay fat choi and sun nien fai lok!  joyful 
home alone and bored  might as well do some homework 
? i cried out with no reply and i can't feel you by my side so i'll hold tight to what i know you're here and i'm never alone ?
back to school tomorrow    annoyed 
? you raise me up so i can stand on mountains you raise me up to walk on <propfemale> seas i am strong when i am on your shoulders you raise me up to more than i can be ? thanks to all my friends who've always helped me stay strong even when you don't try  i'll also try my best to raise you guys up   joyful 
? please comfort me please call me right now just like before i want to hear your voice ?
i have a cousin name maddy who's also coming to <propmale> next year   i didn't not know any of those facts until just now   
"to everyone in pena's stat213 class: pena just sent out emails with worksheets for tomorrow's class, don't forget to print them!"
omg!!! i think my phone is broken! and i don't even know how it broke!  annoyed 
"omg!!! i think my phone just resurrected itself! wth?! i'm happy though, let's just hope it doesn't get screwy again   laugh "
pena's class is cancelled! woohoo! but i think other classes are still on  so that means i still have to go in later for study group  oh well 
college classes are cancelled! that means i can't go to the cellphone store until next week    i hate blackberry!  annoyed 
i can do a 900 degree! yes! i feel so accomplished!  joyful  now to aim for that 1080!
need to edit my english120 paper by monday  study for stats exam which will be on my bday  friend's bday party on saturday  and other homework on top of that  ugh! i hate march madness!
i'm still dizzy from that stress fever i developed last night   and now my head is spinning again cause i'm stressing out over the english120 paper and stat213 exam next week   
to pena's stat213 class: is everyone also getting this one question on webassign absolutely wrong? (other than <propfirst> and <propfemale> who already told me they have the same problem)
to pena's stat213 class: pena just emailed me back about the exam and he said he'll be giving us a formula sheet! so just study the concepts   joyful 
"thanks to everyone who wished me happy bday and will wish me happy bday!  joyful  just a heads up, please don't text me a bday message! my phone does not come with a texting plan!  annoyed "
i think i'm solar powered  lol   annoyed 
the light rain and hard cool wind felt good! wish no one was around so i could've danced in the rain   joyful 
woohoo! <propfemale> finally got accepted to pace!  joyful 
does anyone know when we're supposed to get an email about whether we got accepted or rejected by macaulay honors for <propmale>? i heard it was supposed to be today   
"i just got wait listed for macaulay honors for <propmale>! hah! told u i wouldn't get accepted <propfemale>! lol  t t oh well, at least they offered me another scholarship even if i don't get accepted "
"ugh!!! so stressed right now! have so much hw this weekend, essays to prepare for, and 3 midterms all jam packed on thursday    annoyed "
"whoever wants to come with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and me to get passport  renewed, state id or anything else on friday, let us know "
"i know i'm supposed to be doing hw, studying for those midterms, working on projects and such  but can someone please help me out? does anyone know any activity that my friends and i can do over spring break that will be fun and cheap (less than $15)?"
trakhtenberg can go to hell!!! she just blew my stress level over the top!!!  annoyed 
"what a day   went to 2 wrong places to try to get my passport renewed  now imma have to go tomorrow  got rejected by barnard  (eh, i knew that would happen) and now i'm offically on break although it won't be much of a break with the fiction final project 12 <propfemale> group essay, fiction group story reviews, english120 8 <propfemale> essay, globalization midterm studying, and statistics213 5+ assignments online    -_-"
my two epic moments of the day goes to show how isolated i am from the american culture    annoyed 
never going to central park 2 days after a rainy day ever again  ewww   annoyed 
binge writing actually got me from 2 5 pages to 8 pages! now i just need to write a conclusion and reread  i'm so proud of myself   joyful  but my dead brain is not thanking me   annoyed 
does anyone know who's <propmale> <propfemale>? she added me as her friend n she has 58 mutual friends with me but i have no idea who she is 
my feet hurt! i hate airwalks! can't wait to buy new sneakers tomorrow   but i hate shopping   
"hate these nights when i can't fall asleep  funny how for the past 2 years on this night i also had trouble sleeping  maybe cause april 6 is the opposite of my bday in chinese    ?and maybe, i'll find out the way to make it back someday to watch you, to guide you through the darkest of your days if a great wave should fall it would fall upon us all well i hope there's someone out there who can bring me back to you?"
"according to a birthday horoscope book, my birthday classifies me as a loner who ends up by myself on most occasions and that in my teen early adult years i will begin to isolate myself from society and the human world   now that i think about it   it's kinda already true   great, nice to know i'll become a hermit any day now -_-   at least it said that i'm very in tune with nature  joyful "
"78 on froner's midterm    annoyed  oh well, at least my grade for his 3rd marking period is 91   "
"if i write how i'm really feeling, i would sound really depressed and emo   so i'll just put a smiley  joyful "
"my stress, worry, depression, and madness has reached an all-time high  it'll probably take a miracle for my not to snap tomorrow   "
"two shots today, blood test next friday, and more shots who-knows-when    -_- and thanks to <propfemale> yau for the <propfemale> shirt! but u better not get me any more gifts for late bday or graduation or else i might have to kill u   joyful "
who's attending <propmale> freshman orientation on may 15?
"finally finished the second draft of english120 essay! it's up to 10 pages now (14 including works cited)   now to go do froner's 6 articles, the final fiction project essay, and figure out the plans for prom, graduation, and entering hunter   gosh i have no life   "
syep applications are up! i applied for greater ridgewood youth council  who else applied is applying?
"hating senior year right now, so much problems   t t"
happy earth day everyone! loving this year's earth day cause it's also my birthday on the chinese calendar!  joyful 
note to self: starve yourself tomorrow  annoyed 
"people need to understand that children with  special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not  contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of  you probably won't copy and paste this will you do it and leave it on  your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this  is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help &  understanding "
"?in my head love is a lie oh~ in my heart love is all dying? in love with this song these days, the lyrics really speak to me   joyful "
f(x)'s song released! let the may battles begin!  joyful 
so pissed at froner! he told us in class that assignment 4 and current events 4 would be the same as last week and i'm already done with assignment 4  now he emails us that assignment 4 and current events 4 are both going to be 3 <propfemale> essays! wth?! wasted like 2 hours!  annoyed 
"2 essays for froner, 2 essays to edit for trakhtenberg, 1 cover <propfemale> essay for trakhtenberg's portfolio, 1 group essay and presentation for defeo, and 9 questions and study for exam for stats   i should really learn how to pull all-nighters   "
"i want it, but why do i deserve it?"
this is going to be one hectic week  i'm probably gonna burn out by the end of the week  -_-
hope i win for allkpop  ticket giveaway!  joyful  #jyptournyc
where's that formula sheet?!!! pena promised!!! grrr!!!  annoyed 
no more super long hair   t t
good luck to everyone on trakhtenberg's final tomorrow! <propfemale> chen don't forget your textbooks for froner again!
time to jump down the rabbit hole  i wonder which world i'll fall into 
"to stats213 people  i most likely won't be able to help you guys in school tomorrow  but if you have any questions about the final or webassign, just im me tonight or tomorrow  my sn is blusapphireanime  and if you would like to see my answers for webassign, just im me and i'll send you my login info "
"to stat213 people: studying for final tomorrow at 11 at 4th floor of library! pena sent us review sheet, so make sure to print that out "
"~even though i won't know what to say, i want to see you~"
good luck to all stat213 ppl on the final tomorrow! let's ace that thing! hope the senior trippers have fun!
finally free!!!  joyful  (except for statistics webassign   )
so tired for some reason   and have to go do passport stuff tomorrow morning   
who else was called in for an interview for hcs 2010 summer internship at nyu tomorrow?
"who wants to come with me to senior awards ceremony on june 3rd? it's from 6pm-8pm and may be a bit boring  food will be provided  and if you're already an mhshs senior, im not adding u as my guest!  joyful "
my soul is shattering and they can't agree on how to piece themselves together   what do i do now?   
my brother and his friends left for florida this morning and won't be back for about a week!  joyful 
<propfemale> in wonderland coming out in dvd tomorrow!  joyful 
"?miracles happen, once in a while\when you believe?  joyful "
i'm trying to eat breakfast but my stomach doesn't want to cooperate!  annoyed 
i hope that the future will be bright and i'll see to it that it happens   joyful 
my brother has returned   
prom tomorrow   
just got home from prom yesterday and sleepover at <propfemale> chen's house  prom was pretty good although i didn't dance much and most of the food wasn't good  it was also the 4th mhshs prom in a row where it rained  our school must be cursed   annoyed 
funny how so many people change their profile pictures after prom  lol 
"omg!!! my lightbulb just burnt out, the bulb popped right out of the socket from the ceiling, and it burned a hole in the plastic bag it fell on top of! thank goddess it didn't fall on me!"
who's actually going to bring that money for froner on tuesday? that's so not fair for the people who actually went to the event and for the people who said that they weren't going in the first place!
can someone sign me in tomorrow? please and thank you!  joyful 
"i'll be swinging by the college tomorrow morning, let me know who needs to be signed in "
finally got the <propfemale> in wonderland dvd!!!  joyful 
last day of school was fun  still need to <propfemale> out with certain people more  everyone better stay in touch!  joyful 
"yes! i finally got my pell award money! but can i use left over pell money on books, metro, and other stuff?"
i just realized that it's a week before graduation and i have no idea what i'm going to wear   help!!!  annoyed 
navi's finally having her comeback!  joyful 
now i'll have 2 extra tickets for graduation on the 25th  would anyone want to come or would anyone want them?
who are all these people in my house?!  annoyed 
<propfemale> litha midsummer and happy summer solstice!  joyful  i'm starting to feel the heat    annoyed 
heading over to <propfemale> chen's house for movies with the gang  joyful 
congrats to hphs's graduating class of 2010! i'll see you guys at your graduation tomorrow! you finally made it!  joyful 
karaoke after graduation was the best! see you all around! mhshs 2010's the best!  joyful 
i need some inspiration for amvs  it's been way too long   annoyed 
i wish my mom would shut up about wanting me to go to nyu  i'm already going to <propmale> and i'm not going to regret it 
   my tap disappeared?!!!
it's a nice day to go out  joyful 
had a great day   joyful  hope i don't get a tan  and hope <propfemale> <propfemale> chen has fun in shanghai! call me when you get on the plane tomorrow and take lots of pictures while you're there!  joyful 
last minute appointment with dr sat tomorrow  hope it goes well!  annoyed 
"   i think i just got a job   but judging from what the others told me about the workplace, it's not going to be a very worthwhile job   "
just came home from sneaking out to sylwia piorkowski 's house   joyful 
*gasp* i lost my first kiss to sylwia piorkowski's neighbor's puppy!  laugh 
first day of work tomorrow  annoyed 
almost done learning the stuff  hope i don't have to stay long 
worked my butt off from 10am to 5pm  nyu is so cold!  annoyed  now to get back to work by editing videos at home  gotta go back to office and convert today's footages onto dvds and then come home and edit and render 3 hours worth of footages  full time work is very tiring and i hope i don't have to work on weekends too   annoyed 
today i won't be working in the office   instead i'll be working from home   oh joy   
my head is about to e playful lode and i'm about to cry   
"my boss thinks i'm working fast, i think i'm working slow   guess that goes to show that i'm a workaholic and a worrywort   "
who's accepting <propmale>'s prepaid card thing for their financial aid? is it better than getting the money deposited straight into my bank account (with a debit card for my bank)?
finally upgraded my cpu to 2gb of memory!  joyful 
<propfemale> stokes is officially my favorite artist!  joyful 
"what the hell happened to the trains today that it took me almost 3 hours to get home?! now i need to eat, take a shower, and finish the work my boss needs me to get done by tomorrow morning before the lecture workshop! grrr!  annoyed "
\what is the point of understanding love, if i don't get to have it in \b0ffb9a5318edaf863b309bf00c2874b,"ugh! i feel horrible! my feet hurt from standing for hours straight, that room was insanely cold, and i almost fell asleep while recording dr  taha   annoyed "
i officially have unlimited texting! yay! but don't spam me people!
$6 to see inception and toy story 3 was so worth it! but i'm still obsessively confused with inception! what the hell happened?!  annoyed 
"i think i figured out the meaning to the ending of inception! \what does it matter whether it's a dream or reality as long as you find happiness?\"" what do you guys think?"""
"just got back from work where the workshop went overtime, had to <propfemale> the tripod back to the office by foot (16 blocks), and i'm starving   "
is i find out my phone has internet the day the office's internet and phones die  i'm about to finish off the dvds and staples is having a sale on them  irony!  laugh 
yay! got my debit card for cuny  now i just need to get the money in the card and then i can buy my books!  joyful 
why am i interested in something so cruel and scary?
"i had a dream that i was dancing on a wire  when i stopped in the middle, someone was telling me to let myself fall  then someone else whispered to me telling me that it's alright for me to fall because they'll guide me back to where i belong \\anyways, <propfemale> lammas everyone!  joyful "
i'll be attending my first staff meeting tomorrow after the lecture workshop  that means i might come home really late and not be online tomorrow  and hopefully i'll be getting paid tomorrow  *crossing fingers*
"just got home from the meeting  my goodness, i never want to go to another meeting again  but at least i got paid (even though my coworkers say i got ripped off) "
"hey <propmale> people, is it necessary that we go to orientation ii?"
"what a weird day   strange conversation with my coworker, weird comment from <propfemale> yau, and then ran into <propfirst> chen and <propfemale> viveka sen at union square in less than 2 minutes   "
"2 fails today annoyed fail #1: i forgot that cruise=special occasion so i ended up going in my black faerie tshirt, jeans, and black boots while the other girls wore dresses and blouses   laugh \fail #2: as i was walking home a girl comes up to me from her 2 guy friends across the street girl: {excuse me, do you have a cigarette to spare?} me: {um   no, sorry} my head: {wth?! does it look like i smoke?!}"
got so pissed off this morning and still kinda am   
"does anyone have any international songs they recommend? it's for a science boat cruise music video, so please make sure the song is \good and appropriate\""!\",b0ffb9a5318edaf863b309bf00c2874b,just killed a big buggy  got over 1 fear today  now to go get over my other    annoyed 
"i know i'm gonna be tired once i have to wake up early tomorrow, but i still don't feel like sleeping"
last day tomorrow  joyful 
"i thought last day of work meant that i wouldn't have to go in tomorrow, guess that doesn't apply to him   "
let's see if i can survive today on only 4 hours of sleep and try not to get pissed off at my boss  joyful      -_-
i went to go prescribe new glasses and i find out from <propfemale> <propfemale> that i have astigmatism   i always thought that i was just tired   
"tomorrow's schedule: class, movie, work    annoyed "
heading out to meet <propfemale> xia <propfemale> to go to school together  annoyed 
first day of class was pretty good  too bad my day just got crappier and crappier  i have a feeling the rest of this week and next week will be very depressing   
my bro actually gave me books that i need for some classes out of the books he doesn't need anymore  it's kinda nice to have a bro who also goes to <propmale> sometimes 
"finally got a new phone! so please message me or contact me somehow and i'll give u my new #  <propfemale> <propfemale> we'll figure something out, i'm sorry!  annoyed "
"finally finished with the work videos and my weekend homework  now to pack up for tomorrow  tomorrow need to finish buying textbooks, edit the website for work, and do homework "
stupid train had to malfunction and took me almost 2 hours to get home by an alternative route  still have lots of work to do  looks like i'll be staying up past midnight for third day in a row 
fourth day in a row i'll be going to sleep after midnight  and tonight i'll only have less than 4 hours of sleep  all you chinese people know how unlucky this is 
"finally got new glasses!  joyful \now i just have to get used to this dizzy feeling "
thinking of buying a flute and relearning it   
<propfemale> <propfemale> macancela i give in! i'm going back to the hunger games!  annoyed 
first quiz in chinese calligraphy tomorrow! hope i do well  gonna study right before class   annoyed 
"<propfemale> estil, <propfemale> eng sorry but i can't go to yoga tomorrow  let me know how it goes  my boss called me in last minute to go in and get my paycheck  this better be worth it or else i might go with <propfirst> ng's idea   "
~does fate enjoy mocking me? does it delight in tossing those things in my face and seeing me cry?~
my <propfemale> stokes calendar came! so happy!  joyful 
so much reading homework!  annoyed  and i have to go to grandaunt's house tomorrow  it really sucks that my brain can't comprehend the skill of skimming  t t
"my phone displayed a message for me saying my inbox is over 99% full  i check my conversations  out of the 525 sent and received messages, 415 belonged to <propfemale> <propfemale>! xo"
"<propfemale> xie! i finally got them on!  joyful \even though it took like 15 minutes   but i'll work on that "
"i actually opened a twitter account to follow people like allkpop, tokyohive, and <propfemale> marr   *tear* it sucks that these days you can only enter contests if you have a facebook and twitter   "
"i finally got my first pair of ballet shoes!  joyful \it's only the soft ballet shoes, but i'll upgrade to the pointe shoes once i improve enough "
it's really hard to focus on homework when you've had less than 8 hours of sleep for past few nights   
   i'm sick   *sniffle*   *tear*   
<propfemale> mabon and zhong qui jie fai lok everyone!  joyful 
meeting lisi <propmale> was awesome!  joyful 
everything hurts  it feels like every day something makes my day go from bad to worse 
i don't know how i was falling asleep and still taking notes in anthro  annoyed 
"is love not the most reasonable emotion in every person's life? everyone deserves and seeks love in their life  without any form of love in one's life, life would seem without purpose "
finally tossed out some junk and stuffed space takers into a spare closet  i freed up so much space in my room! it makes me want to buy more books to occupy the extra space    joyful 
rainy days never stay
i hate studying   anthropology tomorrow and then philosophy the next day and media essay next week   grrr   
<propfemale> marr is coming to ny next weekend but she's only going to the comic con! that's not fair!!! t t
don't think i did so good on that anthro exam   hopefully i'll do better on the philosophy one tomorrow   
going to ny comic con on saturday!!! i'll finally get to see <propfemale> marr!!!  joyful 
~i can't help you walk across the rope so i'll stay at the bottom and try my best to catch you if you fall~
"meeting <propmale> gaiman, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propmale> madden, <propfemale> <propfemale>, and <propmale> <propfirst> o'malley was great! i'm getting back into the comic manga anime world thanks to their new book!  joyful \then saturday will be the comic con and then a masquerade! hope i can get an autograph from <propfemale> marr!  joyful  and yes, i'll be dressing up (not cosplaying)    "
comic com tomorrow! but i'm a bit scared of taking the train there by myself at 4 in the morning   
<propfemale> marr was at the <propmale> gaiman book signing last night and i didn't even see her   why didn't she post it up on her fan page?!   i just died a bit and am about to cry   i better see her tomorrow!
ny comic con and anime festival was awesome!!!  joyful 
2 quizzes tomorrow  annoyed 
"got my first laptop   i should be excited   but what am i supposed to do with a heavy 15\ laptop?   i guess i'll just use it for doing hw and storing my writing   """
"<propfirst> <propfirst>'s got talent was awesome! <propfemale> <propfemale> macancela's bellydancing was awesome!  joyful \now to go to sleep and then wake up early to take a shower  oyasumi "
i'm trying to study for the chinese midterm tomorrow but these survey people are bothering me!!! and he's speaking in chinese! oh the irony and cruelty! t t
first midterm in chinese today    annoyed 
this world is cephiro  those who are the strongest and succeed are those with the strongest will  (reference to clamp's mkr)
doing hw and studying for midterms 2 days straight without breaks is about to fry my brains   
media midterm tomorrow  annoyed 
snsd mini-album released! dling time!  joyful 
hoot mv came out!!!  joyful 
music history exam and chinese quiz tomorrow  annoyed 
<propfemale> samhain and happy hallow's <propfemale> everyone!  joyful 
"~on the day of the dead the chilling wind howls past me whispering messages of the dead  crisp dull-colored leaves brush by my ears telling me that nature is going into sleep with the spirits  clouds surround the sky, but it is clear over my head  oh what a perfect day it is for me, the winter queen ~  joyful "
i almost got dragged into bellydancing in public   twice!  annoyed 
shannen doherty is so awesome and beautiful! badasses rock!  joyful 
"3nights ago i got 3 hours of sleep, 2 nights ago i got 6 hours, last night i got 12 hours, now i'm back to 3 hours for tonight   so ironic  lol "
does anyone know when we're supposed to register for winter and spring classes for <propmale>?
just registered for film history ii for winter  but scared if i should be taking it so soon  i need to talk to my guidance counselor soon about my schedules and classes   
"?even though we argued a little yesterday today, we laugh and hug, embrace each other alright  let’s make a promise you are my best friend?"
"spent all day studying for anthro exam on monday, still not finished and need to study for philo exam on tuesday    annoyed "
it's almost funny how easily my mother can piss me off   
i think i may have to completely turn off my social life to get all this stuff done   *sigh*
second anthro exam tomorrow   hope i do better than the first   t t
second philosophy exam tomorrow   so much i need to remember    annoyed 
my list of books to read has officially reached the second page    annoyed   joyful 
"wicked lovely manga!!!  joyful \unfortunately, the story doesn't revolve around the main characters of the series "
way too much stuff that needs to be done for the rest of the semester  i have a headache   annoyed 
it felt like it took forever to walk home from <propfemale>'s  i have a throbbing headache and i constantly feel like throwing up   
"i'll be out all day tomorrow from early morning to late at night  so if anyone needs to contact me, just call or text my cell  if you need my #, message me on facebook or on aim later \for those who are coming to help post up fliers for mr  bristol, we're meeting at 42nd street uptown 1,2,3 platform near the front  i'll be there at 10:45 and we'll be waiting 15 minutes for people coming late "
"finally got home from the mannes concert with <propfemale> yau  beautiful music at night   joyful \oh yeah, i finally got my flute as well "
"this morning i woke up feeling a pang of jealousy  but it wasn't my own, it belonged to someone i care about  i wonder why they're jealous  i hope they are alright   "
"reminder to the people who are going to help mr  bristol tomorrow: we're meeting up at 10:45 at time square uptown 1,2,3 platform near front"
i've been through these doubts too many times before this time i'm tired of falling so stop telling me what to feel only i own my heart
"today i almost fell asleep in music, actually fell asleep in media, haven't eaten for 10 hours, was hungry but not anymore, and i have to wake up early tomorrow   i think my body has become bipolar   "
"just got home and am exhausted, but   jenny got her first tattoo!!!  joyful "
has anyone else also been getting weird text messages since last night?
   i just realized we only have 2 more weeks of classes until finals   i'm really scared   
"the time around me passes quickly as if i'm still  yet it is agonizingly slow all the while  it seems to move twice as fast as it does  the way it seems to me, happy anniversary my love "
"t-mobile cut my family's service because we didn't pay the bill   my mom says we paid so idk what's going on    anyways, you guys won't be able to call or text me for a while  if you need me, just email me and i'll try to check my email as much as possible "
my phone's back to normal
"black swan came out in theaters today!  joyful  i'll probably watch it after all the finals \this weekend must cram homework and essays  then next week is studying for finals  t t"
"even when we die, we live on in the hearts of others  may they live on worrying about their own lives because we alone can't take care of them if they can't even do it themselves "
"even though i still have classes on monday, this weekend marks my official start of studying for my 5 finals   annoyed "
good thing about waking up early is that my face won't show heavy bags no matter how few hours of sleep i get
last day of classes tomorrow!  joyful  but so early    annoyed 
"even though there's no school tomorrow, i still have to wake up early to spend the whole day studying    annoyed "
philosophy and media finals tomorrow with only 30 minutes in betwee   t t
"just got through philosophy and media finals  not feeling so good, but now just have anthro final tomorrow, the hardest one  then 3 days to study for next week's finals "
ugh   i have another stress fever   reminds me of last year   
"my head is hurting from all this studying and planning for 2 finals and 2 parties   annoyed \at least i have my <propfemale> <propfemale> to help me "
just one more final! gotta study hard!  annoyed 
<propfemale> yule everyone! may the new winter bring new beginnings and may the goddess bring light to the new year   joyful 
"finally free!!!  joyful \now i just have to wait for my grades to feel the relief   annoyed "
<propfemale> christmas everyone! remember how blessed you are to be with those around you and to give happiness to others   joyful 
tuna kimchi salad tastes pretty good  joyful 
"according to shugo <propfemale>, i will get married to an older guy when i'm 19  i'm already 18! lol "
why do we have to be 25 to see a rated r movie?!
been thinking too much all day   
just got home from one party and i have another one tomorrow
"i had a weird dream that a cat was kissing (licking) me   and when it stopped, it shifted into a guy   "
"<propfemale> <propfemale> : ur gonna be 19 and ur super innocent\shaffy daffy : you're always mature haha\i'm innocent and mature   what a weird mix     joyful "
"i'm not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so: copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days    based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy will be without money  i can't let that person be me!"
just finished old habits by <propfemale> marr! it was awesome! ? niall  joyful 
"not feeling anything at all right now   it's as if everything's just passing by me   \going to work on my story, picture, and flute tomorrow to see if they can bring anything into me   "
"just finished reading hush hush while listening to like a <propfemale> by taeyeon & the one  perfect mood and ending   joyful \i think i'm starting to like angels now  hehehe "
it's really useless to argue with parents   
navi's first album will be released on 19th! can't wait for her comeback!  joyful 
my brother's friends have officially invaded the house   
dentist! t t
"i see the light!  joyful \my dad finally fixed the light bulb in my room after about half a year!"
woke up super early to go book shopping with <propfemale> chen  joyful 
"there's so much i want to do in life (wicca, ballet, film, animations, travel, <propmale>, books, and much more)  there always seems like too little time to do them all  but i won't rush myself because i want to enjoy each accomplishment "
finally finished radiant shadows! loved ani laugh evlin but did not particularly like rae laugh evlin    can't wait for darkest mercy!  joyful 
spring semester starts tomorrow and i now realized i haven't even started packing   
"it seems all the gentlemen traded in chivalry for flirting, even fictional guys   "
had a tummy ache after first class and went to enchantments and flower power to buy herbs and incense  what a nice way to start the semester   joyful 
there's so much i suddenly want to write in my book of shadows  this is going to take a while   joyful 
does anyone have textbooks for hist151 they would like to sell to me?
i got an email saying i made the fall 2010 <propfirst>'s list   so what do i do with that?   
i really hate history   took me 2 and a half hours to just skim through 40 pages    now i have 40 more pages to skim through for film   
"<propfemale> imbolc everyone! as the winter begins to thaw giving way to spring, the goddess begins to recover her strength  may her light bring blessings upon us all "
"tonight is doubly blessed  as imbolc ends and gives way to the end of winter, the night passes into the start of the lunar new year  hop hop happy chinese new year everyone!  joyful "
happy year of the rabbit! may the rabbit deliver prosperity quickly to everyone!  joyful 
what was i doing in my sleep that made me wake up with one eye stinging and red?
"?someday i hope these tears will stop running someday after this darkness clears up i hope the warm sunshine dries these tears every day i hold out comforting myself \it'll be alright\"" but little by little it makes me afraid i tell myself to believe in myself but i don't now i don't know how much longer i can hold out?"""
nothing brings peace of mind like tracing a pentagram in my room with rain incense *sigh*
even though i don't have classes tomorrow i still have to go to school for the scholar meeting  annoyed 
"pointe shoes really hurt, even with bunheads   t t but it's worth enduring the pain   "
"practiced flute and piano for 2 hours, scholar meeting for 1 hour, and countless hours of filming for a scholarship  what a productive day  now i just need to put the clips together into a video "
i have to make a very scary decision on the next few years of my life   
"thanks to a feeling i got when i woke up this morning and to <propfemale> <propfemale> macancela, i finally made my decision"
i woke up feeling at peace  i think i dreamt of my goddess   joyful  if only i could remember the dream more clearly   
<propfemale> lantern festival everyone! may the light and wisdom of the lanterns guide our paths in the rest of the year 
i am about to watch twilight    i doubt lightning will kill save me in the next 5 minutes   
"my dad just said on the phone: you're a big girl now, you have to call me to let me know where you are\in what world and what way does that make sense to anyone?!"
i have a women gender studies quiz tomorrow and a history exam on thursday and classes on wednesday   that means i won't be able to read darkest mercy for a while   
darkest mercy and resolve finally released!  joyful 
just realized that i also have a film quiz tomorrow   
had a very nice and hopeful dream last night  joyful 
"came home to some pretty depressing drama and now i have to study for the history exam (my worst subject) tomorrow   \at least i have <propfemale> marr's live chat to cheer me up tonight   joyful "
it feels good to just let the night winds <propfemale> my cries to the clouds   
the first time i'm cramming homework the night before   
so much reading and essays to do this weekend   t t
so many wicca tools and supplies i want to buy  joyful 
hey guys  please don't call or text my cell for the day  my mom took my phone to the store to fix something 
i officially went from being slow to being an airhead   it took me 6 months and a stranger with the same phone   to figure out where i can <propfemale> a phone strap on my phone   
"even though i bought my wand online, as soon as i touched it today i knew i made the right choice when i felt its <propfemale> sync with my own *sigh*  joyful \now i just need to name it and bless it   but i can't tonight because i'm sick   "
dream high ended! *cry*
my throat got worse   
can't wait for my cold to end  i want to start using my voice more already  need to practice more flute  also want to practice iu and celtic women songs 
why do i feel so cold?    annoyed 
finally feeling better
"if anyone has any kpop music sheets for flute or piano, please let me know  i'm gonna try to practice some on wednesday in music room "
i have been eating sweet potatoes for breakfast every day for the past 2 weeks  i will never grow tired of them  hehehe  goguma power!  joyful 
finally got darkest mercy!!! and it's signed!!! hehehe  thanks <propfemale> <propfemale> macancela!!!  joyful 
my heart feels so uneasy   i need to sleep with stellia and chamil tonight so they can comfort me   
"thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! this birthday is very special for many reasons\1  it marks the beginning of the end of my childhood (asian culture)\2  my chinese lunar birthday is tomorrow, making tonight especially blessed  joyful \3  it is ash wednesday and although i'm wiccan and buddhist, i find it pretty cool\4  in spite of the transition into college, i still have many friends close to my heart ?"
trying to figure out a lot of things in my life right now   
i finished darkest mercy!!! need some time to digest it    the ending was a bit too perfect for the main characters    but i do like the process of everything that happened and all the trickery   
"i need to get a job this summer or else i'm going to get shipped to <propfemale>    not that that's a bad thing    it'll be nice and help me with all this depression, but it might be awkward with relatives i don't talk to that much   "
"even though i didn't get a very good sleep last night and a bunch of other things are still messed up, i still feel better after the meditation last night  thank you my goddess and god "
i was burning some passion flower incense to bring a peaceful sleep  but my mom comes in and sees and screams at me about fire hazards again even though it's on a long incense holder  now that put me in a bad mood  so i donated to support the japan relief to calm myself down 
not even passion flower incense can release me from these nightmares   
<propfemale> chen is so special that i would wake up earlier than a school day for her    -_-
"so exhausted   time to collapse on my bed   \this weekend need to study for film midterm, do homework, prepare for ostara, and figure out a bunch of stuff   "
"took down some anime posters    now my walls look a bit bare   \does anyone know where i can buy a bookshelf that can be nailed to the wall?"
"trying to do spring cleaning, prepare for ostara, and study for film midterm feels like trying to cram a train into my head   \i chose train because right now i'm typing up information on the film strangers on a train   "
"<propfemale> ostara spring equinox everyone! the day is equal with the night on this day  the time of the sun begin to get longer as the god matures  life comes forth to celebrate with the goddess and god of spring's arrival  it is a time of fertility and change  so shed the past and welcome the future, whatever it may hold "
i think i'm studying more for this film midterm than i have for the sat   
just got through film midterm  now i have to study for women gender studies midterm on friday 
considering making a photo collection of my wicca   
pineapple
ugh! these history essays and homework assignments are going to kill me! and i still have to study for midterms    t t
i really need spring break to come already   
