e5d699b2a2c7a4e80e78ea02be904337
aids
so    anyone else enjoy punching midgets?
"herp! going to vegas! not sure what i'm gonna do since i'm not even 18! and yes <propmale> and kerstan and mikey aaaannnnd <propfirst>, i know you already know so    just be quiet    or something"
"vegas! womenz eeeeverywheeeere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and there's even    ummm    other stuff, maybe     "
"nostalgia is in itself bittersweet, the joyful remembrance of the past can bring sorrow by the realisation that those times will never exist again"
so i got banned from live today x3 it was for this: o( joyful ) laugh  joyful ) donkey pwnch!!!!
"<propfemale> westenra has beautiful music, yes?"
"no matter what you people think, i say the trans-siberian orchestra is made of win > laugh "
"hard to find things to keep my mind occupied nowadays, everything has become quite uneventful  if only more than just that canvas could keep my interest, but at least all my friends make it bearable  after all you're suffering like i am > laugh "
there's just something about those ridiculous 80's movies that makes them so enjoyable x3
"that was so funny, i spent billions of dollars on a remote island and cloning a dinosaur, just so i could fall off of it!"
don't you just enjoy finding random indie artists on the internets? they're truly doing us  service  laugh 
"*ahem* despite <propmale>'s cynicism, i believe <propfirst> pilgrim to be the best movie i've seen this side of the century "
"yeah, if these ridiculous dreams are an onset of the side effects of this allergy medicine, you can count me out  guess i'll just have to suffer through it all  playful "
"yep, so     school and stuff     awesome?      sure    yes indeed, i believe so, now if the days didn't feel so blasted long  then it would be perfect "
i just thought of the best idea ever! finding where they buried all the e t  games!!1!!!111! could you imagine digging one up that still worked?! now all i need is an <propfirst> sessler and a <propfirst> webb    and clothes from the set of a truly epic american film   
ha! those online classes seem to be made for braindead monkehs  the only problem with it is those darn loading screens taking up my time  laugh 
"oh my, my physical well being is being threatened  laugh  it's certainly been a long while, i can tell you that  joyful "
"aside from my awesome fiasco, huzzah! weekend's finally here   laugh "
"buahaha, it's almost completed > laugh "
"    yeah, i think that's enough down syndrome for one weekend    "
i    ran out of black paint    and hobby lobby's closed today                >_o darn you sunday!
"yes, finished! now i get to stay up all night doing homework! by golly, you better be happy with it  laugh "
"stoopid lame teh photos day, all you were allowed to do was put your thumbs in your pockets    that's cool?!"
hahahaha! go urbandictionary! (thanks for the idear <propfemale> x3) mcglasson - a dirty whore who always thinks that people are trees and is a very annoying person  this person never stops talking  this person spits while he talks  this person is a real smacktart and likes tc  this person was minipulated by <propfemale> good  way to go mcglasson
indeed 
"oh <propmale> thar mr  sketchbook, haven't seen you in a while  i think it's time for adventure  laugh "
"hohoho, sorry world  when these headphones go in, your shenanigans go out  laugh "
herp derp derp    herp-a-derp  )0_0) )
"life has recently become extremely mundane it seems  so either something amazing's going to happen, or i'm horribly mistaken and we can all look forward to a bright and boring future  laugh "
"well well mr  yorke, it appears you shall be my first subject  i wonder if all this will change my understanding    oh well, time will tell "
"by far the best mad skit    referencing over 9000, pokemon, and pedobear!!!"
"\why am i smashing my hand with this hammer?!?!?!!\"""""
"soooo, halo started out fun    but then it degressed into a giant slobbering ball of retard!"
*sigh* dure mutter ist ein hure    (translated wrong of course)
" \|)  ) \(    ) \c( )( ) ain't that original as all crud?"
"hmm    i might go punch a hole in a wall, frame it, and then sell it for a few thousand at a fine arts museum   "
 laugh  yeah! thank goodnes for the rain  tomorrow shall be a great day 
women   
"1 in every 10 people is gay  that means 1 in every 10 people is \instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority, and\so much else    all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens \are turning to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better, and you respect them for who they are, copy and \paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% who will "
"so i got this really awesome thing called a computer, and i think it might just be awesome  just maybe  maybe it's awesome "
grave of the fireflies  great depressing movie 
"so yeah    are you ready for this? this is going to be so intense    haircut > indecision  yeah, take that society "
hmm    watching <propmale> curry fondle people is really awkward    just sayin'
"fake (+)(+), perfect (o)(o), perky ( wink ( wink , cold (^)(^) and even grandma's \\o  \\o , big ( • )( • ) or small ( )( )     we need to save them all!!! repost for breast cancer awareness month  do this as a tribute to dr  frankenfurter as well, he she too loved breasts "
"\beagles love blueberries  it's a known fact \"""""
*sigh* sad day     
hmm    brooding period done and over with  thanks anonymous person  joyful  and i told ya guys i'd get over it ; smile 
"sweet, i get to ride in an elevator for a whole month! take that society! > laugh "
"sooo, how 'bout them christian dark ages? oh ho ho ho!"
"darn attendance school, at least i got me some doodlin' done "
here's a doosy for all of you  press shift 5 times in quick succession  when the menu appears press 'yes'  then proceed to have a nice day 
hmmmm     indeed so 
i just don't know    what do you think sandwich?
"man    today i was violated by a large red object, it was wet too   "
"yay, i finally get to acquire a canvas "
"in the name of all that is holy, why?!?!?!"
"so you are the first to fall, farewell, my friend "
"well, that's officially the first time i've ever been in trouble for being courteous    oh wait "
"hehe, snowy on the blue <propfemale>   laugh "
"aww, i'm a terrible parent  furbaby keeps dieing d smile  ah well, you win some you lose some "
"aargh, i'm going to go insane! just you people wait > laugh "
zoltan!
"quick: you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment you have to copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours  if you're a stalker sasquatch "
looks like i have to live up to my family name and prepare for full-life consequences 
puddi! puddi everywhere!!!!11!
why do i know what howdy doody is? i've never even seen the thing   
"#5282 (aka only one i'll be doin') good thing we started talkin', you're quickly becoming one of my favorite people to talk to  now all i have to do is get my thoughts organized enough to <propfemale> through with a conversation  laugh  and it's always good to know another art-kin   laugh "
now that that silly nonsense is over   
"hmm, going to that <propmale> exhibit didn't really accomplish anything  oh well, at least i got to see some sleepy kittehs, and ol' snaggletooth "
"if everything could just be quiet for a few hours, i would be the happiest person in the world  playful "
a good birthday? maybe it was 
"whoops, just spammed the crud out of everyone  i really need to check \do not publish feed story\"" more often   """
"well, that'd be the first time i've hit someone out of rage in    5 years?"
yeah! new graphics card! nerdtastic!
maybe if i portray myself as an uninteresting and utterly boring person then people can leave me be  i mean    crazy weather    eh?
i'm starting to care about things    this is not    natural   
who knew i could have a conversation that long with someone  and it was fun too    what have i become?!
being in an artistic mood sucks  playful  should you know what i mean 
"this is the first time in a long time i've nerded all over the place, so you're all going to deal with it  dead space 2 suckahs! > indecision and i'm going to go become mentally insane with amnesia "
it's a gerbil's world 
i realized i haven't done any drawings with hands as the focal point for quite the long time  looks like it's time for some srs bsns 
"imagine this  1 chat room, 4 conspiracy theorists, 1 cult follower    and 1 <propfirst>  yeah, that's how intense it was "
perhaps it is good to know what items are used for before acquiring them  just saying 
troll doc on news at 11? me gusta  did i do it right guys?
"hmm    perhaps i should be more social    ehhhh, naaaah "
it appears that when i'm in my morning cats class i always seem to lose whatever writing utensils i happen to own at the time  such a strange phenomenon 
the great thing about being alone is that i'm just so darn good at it 
"what i did will never happen again in this world, i promise you "
if michio kaku finds a way to reverse aging i demand he be the first young-old man in the world 
thanks to you people i'm gonna go watch all the nameless episodes    again   
"hmm, my ailment is subsiding a <propmale>  guess you guys gots <propfemale> put up with me at school tomorrow  playful "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think "
i've had the thing for an hour now and just barely recognized why it's been laminated    it's from a library  my detective skillz are just that good 
if i don't get my sleep i'm not an effective cocaine salesman  indecision 
they locked the door     my <propmale> was in there! and freshmen had that class next    *despair*
"no, really  as far as indie music goes they truly are quite exceptional "
hahaha  laugh 
"snakebites    that's right  oh and i'm back, but nobody cares about that "
laughing and smiling    so painful 
"haha, and so i have finished every <propfemale> zombies comic > laugh "
filled with so much doubt    about everything  i sometimes wonder if i could spare myself my intelligence and cynicism for the mindless glib so many others have  their lives are so simple 
farewell computer  it's been a great    6 months   
