48d9d9da9a4694e7d12dc4ec09cd116b
bruins win in ot!!! fuck ya
let's go red sox sweep the fucking phills!!!
    shitty start to the week
yo mother fuckers i am going to ac dc on tuesday 
just got back from ac dc concert and it was fucking amazing!!
"got back from baltimore , what a trip! good times with the friends "
fuck the free world
let's watch the patriots destroy the eagles
"5 more days and i am back at school , it sucks but also good "
work sucked today someone kill me please
well i will have to keep that in mind for the next time
"i would like someone to kill me please, all this school work is making me sick "
"hates when people try to bring a holiday or something important up more than a month away , they should just live in the moment and appreaciate everything they have right now!"
fuck school
"fuck school , fuck school"
gotta write this fucking 8page paper that is due tomorrow
"fuck school , is it thanksgiving yet"
"going to be a long and stressful day, but this has to be done  love ya grandma you will always be in the prays "
home for winter break
is this holiday season fucking over yet!!
lime green like that sticky icky
facebook is the stupidiest thing that has ever beeen made and people on this don't mind their fucking business and people need to get the fuck out my business 
"\she probly would give good head as much as she sucks your face and shoves her toung down your throat\""- quoted by commando"""
someone fucking kill me please <propfemale> fucking sucks
too much work to do
"going on a tour of jersey with <propfirst> , hit me up if you want me to stop by!!!!"
"2 weeks left in my college career, where did 4 years go"
"fuck you lebron , lets go celtics"
"home now , it feels good to be home"
off to the bar to start the birthday weekend!!
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes!!!
we are going to the finals  here we go celtics!!
i guess its another celtics vs  lakers finals
"fuck you officials for the celtics vs  lakers game , you are making the worse calls , i have ever seen , this is the finals now when the fuck to blow your whistles and i wonder how much <propmale> paid them"
"celtics all day , lets go get banner number 18 boys"
sometimes i wish i was a missing person!!
"somebody kill me, worked an 11 hour day and need to be at work tomorrow at 5 smile 0am for another long ass day"
grilling in the rain people say it cant be done well they are wrong
the best new word i heard     is a combo of smart and lazy which equals smazy
somebody do me a favor and put me out of my misery
lost power at the house this sucks
happy 10 joke day to all my friends at school its 10 10 10 today
somebody save me from this shitty day
"life is totally sucking this week , shit needs to change"
"what about those phillies and yankees , fuck em fuck em fuck em, here we go texas and <propmale> <propfirst> will finally get his championship"
off to the celtics game with both devlins 
i can smell you!
i wanna go too jamaica
one word                patriots
"going to take a fucking nap , hit the cell if u need"
"patriots are in the playoffs, fuck ya"
when will this fucking day end
somebody kill me back to work at 6 surprise 0am tomorrow for the third straight day
bah fucking hum bug!
somebody  do me a favor and make me disappear
"already shoveled once with the younger brother,  i see the snow never ending"
"hopefully the lord comes and takes me sooner than later , cant deal with this shit anymore"
"its sunday and we all know what that means, the patriots are going to own "
     needs a change
"fuck you snow storm, i have no place fot anymore snow and they are e playful ecting 12 more inchez"
fuck bitches get money   
"out of the shop for a few hours, into boston i go and going to get paid to sit in my boss truck"
"made it safely home to mass from pa,it was a good weekend"
"duke is back to being number 1 , right where they belong"
"watching the c's game wit the pops , gotta love some quality time wit the father"
"my father said the best man-law yet,\the bigger the hoops earrings the bigger da hoe \"""""
"spending more quality time wit the pops , he says the most damnedest things"
