df70116f6355f4cd7b32b9b4e9628cc5
not alot   like usual
work   work    work   work   strip club!   work
bored out of my mind   but i dont want to do anything    
disappointed i dont get to go to the strip club    everyone backed out last second except for jazzy j and me   i want to see spidey strippers!!!!
not alot going on     blah!!!  moggah snagunk!!!!
im finally off for the week!     to go to orientation     
how was ur performing nidah?
im bored     i finally have a day off from work and there is nothing i want to do   
just came home from volunteering at my mom's work    the three to five year olds were so well behaved but the older kids were such pains!
just cut early from work   im okay with it   gonna see ugly truth tomorrow!!!
getting ready for work   already tired   
aaaaarrrrgh    i dont feel to well
can't wait till school starts!!!
just got alot of stuff for my dorm but i dont think i have room     
my nose feels gooey    but im not sick so idk whats wrong with me!
just spent $200 on last minute school stuff   already have a headache
cnt wait for the 15th!
got off work    bored!!!!!lol
just finished playing left 4 dead!!!!   best game ever!!!!
is about to move in to housing on the 15th   can't wait!!!
has nothing to do for the next two days   still waiting to move in to housing this saturday   
gotta go to the doctors office   
sry i have an appt today   nothing serious   sry for the confusion   
moving today!!!!!
finished moving in and boy am i tired!  i am so excited for classes to start!
just got up and is now ready to start the day 
cant wait for classes to start   
just finished <propmale>'s journey    
hanging with my roommates in my dorm    
i forgot which books go to which classes    ill find out sooner or later    
i miss kinder eggs and those cadbury oranges taht you bang on the table and the slices seperate    
just finished first class and waiting till six for the next   
has a class at 10 today     
finished my last class of the day     now doing homework   
is psyched about doing the scavanger hunt at seven!
studying for my history class   on facebook    
long break before i have to go to math    
homework    not to much though   
doing nothing till class starts    last class of the day!
just saw final destinantion 85    really bad idea
procrastinating    fighting the pull of necessity   
is eating breakfast and wodering if she can get away with not doing her spanish work    next update: <propfemale> is doing her spanish work   
finshed the work of the spaniards     bored and playing sororrity life    
watching t v    
i need a spanish workbook that will cost me about $80 but i have to wait until my mom deposits my check     this kinda sucks   
just finished homework   not alot i just keep zoning out   
got a class at six then a school luau to attend   
about to watch defying gravity online   
taking the rest of the day off   donmt worry i already finished my classes for the day    im just not planning on leaving my room till tommorrow   im so tired   
came back from a greek forum   thinking about joining a sorority   
im so excited!!! i get to go home this weekend!!!
just saved the day and helped sydnea with her computer   go ahaead   say it   im a genius!
blah  
im home!!!!
gonna <propfemale> with lc    
played an interesting game of pool that consisted of lines from stepbrothers and whale noises    
home from some awesome shopping   found some cute items for cheap!  ex: $40 white jeans for only $8!
going back to school tomorrow   
back at school after a long weekend   mom's car stopped working halfway to aiken yesterday so we had to do an early drive to my school this morning 
doing some homework    got an oral report due monday    
doing some research for my report on racism in heart of darkness   i fell asleep just writing that   lol
doing the same work i was this past thursday   its not hard just takes forever    
is everyone but me watching the vma's?
is <propfirst> the 8th she is   henery the 8th she is she is   dont ask   
talking to my mom on the phone   she has a sinus infection so she sounds funny   
going to watch a movie online then go to bed    
they found an extrasolar planet!!  they are calling it corot-7b! it is <propmale> and livable   if it wasn't so close to the sun   but it is so awesome!!!
the keyboard looks blurry without my glasses    
just hanging with my friends in the dorm    we are having way to much fun   lol
just stayed up all night   i finally got to e playful erience all twenty four hourse of the day   
i am so relaxed i dont feel like im in school right now   
just saw <propfirst> jackson   she was hilarious!!!
about to go get dinner    really thee is no big thing going on today    blah   kerspalt!!!! noooo dont harm the children!!!    dont ask    
looking out window     it just happened   
um   im currently sitting on the couch     
im hanging out at the fountain waiting for my english class to start    
im about to go to sleep   almost forgot to turn in an assignment until last minute   but i did it!!!!!
just sitting waiting to take a test    
i live my life in all caps!!!!
all my classes were cancelled for today!!!!
watching bones   after that supernatural!!!
just finished my last class of the day   just waiting for my friend to finish hers so we can have lunch   
hanging at friends suite    
baaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!
has a headache that wont go away    
im going home today!!!!
saw zombieland with my brother   that movie is awesome!!!!!
back at the dorm   finishing some work    blah    
yeah    i know   kinda old cat lady    but isnt she adorable?
um    
bout to go to dinner    im hungry    jennifer is looking over my shoulder reading this   nvrmind   more to the side than over the shoulder   that shut her up!
saw my first college game!  we won! btw it was volleyball   
blah    had a really bad breakfast at the cafeteria and am now deciding if i should go to the volleyball game today   
had a good time at the game   we won! go pacers!
just waiting for english   bored!
i feel like i did really bad on my spanish test   
im back at home    just chilling on the couch   
im going back to school soon     this weekend was way too short   
im back at school    and tired for absolutley no reason    
im sleepy   sleepy   sleepy                      sleepy               im awake now!!!!!
its sad and rainy in aiken     
"my mom totally freaked me out!!! she texted me with \call me now\"" and wouldnt answer her phone!!!! in the end she just wanted to know what kind of jacket i wanted     errrrr"""
im bored   i have things i need to do but the teenager in me wants to rebel    lol
going to a halloween party soon    
just woke up and doing trying to finish some papers for english     or at least attept    
just finished theater test   i hope i did well    idk
burgundy!!!!!!!!
just got back from history class   
check out what happened at fort hood texas   i am so glad my brother left a while ago   
going to first friday   
umm       eeepp op orp ah ah eeepp op orp ah ah eepp op orp ah ah and that means i love you!
just finished registration    started at 2:10   longest day of my life!!!! so far   felt like banging my head against the wall     bhdiuyifvdi
i feel very blah today   idk why   ill have some hot chocolate to cheer me up   
is feeling good     
nxt week im giong home!!!! and you get a humback whale!
last minute studying for spanish    gioign home at nine tomorrow moring after my eight o clock exam     cant wait!!!
the math exam i thought i flunked got me a b in the class!!!!! im so happy!!!!
i need to go potty but im too lazy to get up and do it    
happy 1 1 11 every 1!
so bored i am trying to bite my lamp    its not working the way i planned    
thank you to all who wished me a happy b-day   i was sad earlier and when i saw all the happys i just had to smile!  again thank you all!!!
every day is a risk  we take <propmale>s with everything we do from ddeciding to drive or walk to saying yes or no to a starbucks coffee   the best thing to do is to take every <propmale> we get and milk all the joy out of every second we have 
just made roommate laugh    i win!!!
"\i got a muffin \"" says a mysterious voice from my side    or my roommate    i can't tell"""
never taking a full bath again   way to relaxing     had no energy to scold dog for chasing the cat   
i'm <propfirst> the 8th i am    
see the repo men trailer (red band) on hulu!!!! it is awesome!!!!!
dancing in my seat right now cuz it bugs my roommate     also making lots noises    she really hates that!!! lol
"need to study  but first, let's dance!!!!"
"\do you know what the chain of command is?  it's the chain i go get to beat you with until you remember who's in command \"" firefly"""
hanging on the door   
i dont want tp go to statistics   but i must    sad 
"doppelgänger week! during this week, change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like   post this to your status   "
don't remembr why i went on facebook   
indescision may or may not be my problem   
i am so used to my roommate that when she is gone the room is really creepy in the dark    
sick    blah   
should get a life   
"i want to say \go colts!\"" but by the time i finish saying it they will win    """
my soul died a little bit today   i wish this whole e playful erience was a really bad dream that i will wake up from   
i hate math   in all its forms    especially calculus b c i forgot to do the homework and there is a test tomorrow    
"\they can smash your cookie but you will always have your fortune\"" -cats don't dance"""
i started going to the gym with <propfemale> and now i am actually excited about doing stuff   i want to play a game of basketball with <propfemale> but she does'nt want to teach me the rules   
would rather not go to statistics today   
im too lazy to get out of the bed and close my door   im waiting for oone of the suitemates to take pity on me and close it   
can't sleep so watching marathon of leverage on my computer   until just now when i updated my status   
i have so much time on my hands right now but i just wanna go back to bed   
just saw the usca pacers beat unc pembrooke tonight!!!!
bored   watching movies online and doing laundry   
friday? already? wow    
okay   now its saturday   
fire alarm went off in the library   it was the most exciting thing o fthe day so far   
my tummy is upset   i blame the cafeteria food   
go pacers!!!!!
i need help   there was a movie made between 1980 and 1999 about boogeymen and their hideout under beds and how all the beds are linked together   i want to see the movie again but don't remeber the title    
actually went to calculus today!!! bad decision cuz i now remember why i stopped going   
i would like to publicly call out a few ppl for their unmatched ability to suck:  <propfemale> mullikin   that is all of the names i can think of at the moment   
"there are many reasons to laugh quietly to yourself and it does not have to be only to be a cynical loser, vaneesha brewton!!!!"
oh   i forgot    vaneesha brewton and <propfemale> mullikin need to be tagged in my statuses until i get tired of annoying them   which will never happen    never!!!
sry again vaneesha brewton and <propfemale> mullikin    
"hey remember that paper i had to do by tomorrow? yeah, i killed it!"
for nidah hussain: she moves her body like a cyclone!!!  lol but really: bambaleo!!!!! bambalea!!!
just saw repo men    disappointed with the ending   really disappointed    
"what happens when u have hot chicken tenders in the oven, one pair of pants, me, and no towel?  thats right    i was pantsless in the kitchen      "
im so stressed about all the upcoming tests and papers but i still feel awesome!!!
"officially hates calculus!   yesterday was the test drive and i feel i should really get on the \math haters\"" bandwagon    """
lost track of time so far today but have been in a large pile of schoolwork    themost exciting thing i did today was deep clean my keyboard on my laptop   
needs more time in the day to do the things she loves   like sleeping
its kind of depressing when u are early for class    i feel like i should be doing something really cool right now   lol
i hate <propfirst> the giant zombie!!!
gonna eat some lunch    then go to class   
i wish there were more hours at night and less in the day   
need to update my status
watched season finale of spartacus: blood and sand   great show!!! cant wait for more   
almost fell asleep in statistics    still feel the pull of drowsiness           
wishes she can chop off her foot at the ankle   ankle hurts   
needs to study for calculus!!!
failed calculus test    must now take the final   but still excitd about english grade!!
dont want to write paper   but must
just failed my statistics test    but this time i did kinda study   
i hate calculus!!!
im freaking out over my calculus final   
two squirrels just made my day! they came up to me and tackled each other! battle royale!
feels really good about her calculuc final! cant wait to see grade!
and im sad again   i got another f on yet another test   
studying for statistics final                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (i just died)
cant wait to go home!!! stuck on campus til thursday though  sad 
so pleased with my grades    a lot of weight take off of my chest   
ive gotten to the point where all my days have blended together   its creepy like im sick but very soothing like im asleep   
supernatural = awesome!! can't wait for the next season!
my cat drools in her sleep   its cute and gross at the same time
cant decide what to have for lunch     
saw iron man 2! loved the first one better but enjoyed watching this one as well    may own it when it comes on dvd   might be eating a sandwich as i watch it again   who knows    lol
im awake     or am i?! aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
couldn't sleep   passed out at eight this morning and woke up an hour later    have to work today    lame!!!!
just watched cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs!!! thta ish is hilarious!!! i could not stop laughing!!!
just saw <propmale> of persia! it was awesome!
my mom came home at five thirty and thought i was mad at her because i wouldnt talk to her  then i called her at seven because i was at work and needed a ride
going through her posts realizing that most of them have something to do with a movie i just saw   btw   killers was hilarious!
my mom thought i was home again   she played the not it game and thought she won   she still had to feed the dog though   lol
work work work work work work squirrel! work work work
my cat is freaking out about the thunderstorm outside and and now she doesnt want to come out from under the bed   
hail?! really?! i thought it was 100 degrees today?!
"dear <propfemale>, i will miss you in aiken    but i will call to tell you how <propfirst> is doing now that he is possesed   "
so   im addicted to this series and constantly find myslelf gazing off into the distance and pondering how it will end   
got second place in trivia at wild wings!
won first place at wild wings trivia night! thanks to <propfemale> <propfirst>!
just got my new computer!!!!!
trivia night success! won first place yet again!
gonna see dinner for shmucks today!
it feels like my summer is finally kicking off! im gonna <propfemale> out with old friends and be highly disappointed when i have to go to work in the morning    smile 
trivia night was awesome!
so   i need a new phone   
just got my new phone    im a little disappointed but im learning to like it   
saw <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world!! awesome!!! top three movie of the past two years!!!
"went swimming!! very fun when vaneesha brewton, kelea <propfirst>, and <propfemale> <propmale> are involved!"
catching up on episodes of <propmale>    still in season two   
officially love my school! jad chili dogs for lunch!
just saw safetysuit at my school!!!! it was awesome!!! got a t-shirt and signatures!!! then went home and ate a banana!!! the banana was not as exciting   
trying to do some homework    keep getting distracted   
so   i'm tired of physics
i love <propfemale> langewicz long time
going home today!!! last minute plan but so worth it!
"is going to watch \the other side of immigration\"" tonight! if you would like to join in just come on over! movie will begin at around 6!"""
i miss my columbia friends    not that i don't like my aiken friends   i just miss the old times    happy birthday <propfemale> payne!!
got my roommate addicted to korean soap operas    don't ask how   
r i p <propmale>   i will miss you   
so    i won't be able to make my friends christmas party    im sad about that    but i made another party to make up for it!
i hope my friends had a good time today!
got out of work early! yay! have to work a long shift tomorrow  not so yay   
can't wait for my party!
party!!! yay!!!!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
first day of classes! but i already hurt my wrist  sad 
"had a great time with my <propmale>, <propfemale> payne, hope to <propfemale> out with her and the rest of my buds soon!"
"\the future is predetermined by the character of those who shape it\"""""
so             yeah        
"\mentally unstable like a fox\"" dr  <propmale> mckay"""
"\in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity\""-einstein"""
"\we create our fate everyday we live\"" - <propfirst> miller"""
"\we can not teach people anything   we can only help them discover it within themselves \"" - galileo"""
"i feel like today will never end   i had a really good dream that was funny but can't remember it   good news though, i remember my dream about being a pirate and stealing another pirate's ship   after killing the captain and the crew of course   you won't have to worry about revenge if you kill all your enemies!"
blueberry    but i wish for the avacado
"\what is hateful to thyself do not do to another\""- hillel"""
