e6eec87f7382c2a1a78972ef1916fa34
"fuck you cablevision, i want my food network back!!!!! worst start to a year ever"
xbawks ftw  brooklyn we go hard
<propfirst> = <propfemale> love
fixing some hacks
is gay  laugh 
is seriously gay
i hate <propfirst>
and jeter got hit 2722!!!!
feels like a fatass after that buffet
defense won the game for the jets today woo!
"so yeah, planinng is not one of the filipino strong suits"
wow the jets defense is scary and theyanks just scored 2 runs  life is good
how bout them yankees
zombieland was the shit  whats ur twinkie?
who gives a shit about hamlet anymore?
in the mood for some bk rite naow!!
yankees win!!! hahahaha! robby: a for assholes!  priceless
damn how did we get out of that jam? we are survivors  the only loser about this though is that i'm missing house  sad 
hahahahaha! we are so ws bound  such a fun inning to watch
so why do the yanks keep swisher again?
"wow, vikings-steelers is crazy"
and the choir of angels hail <propmale>'s entrance  smile 
rivera just made my day!
this is not how to start a ws yanks  i've had enough championship withdrawal
        at least it wasn't a shutout?
gotta love instant replay
god   fucking   damn the bullpen (except rivera)
loves a-rod
suddenly monday's looking all right
really burnett? already? way to go
hahahaha tutor girl was stoner girl
dont do this to me yanks  dont give me false hopes
no!  <propmale>'s out?!?!?!??!?
woootttt!! teixeira got a hit!
we better re-sign godzilla
oh boy  time to hit the panic button?
god i hate the cold
say youtr prayers little phillies!
1      
a scary 2     !!!!
#27!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! after a billion+ dollars we on top of the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
super like all statuses!
matsui mvp!
sat tomorrow  oh joy
the perfect score is quite motivating
totally just made the sat bend over
<propmale> furatero  is my secret lover 
goddammit <propfirst>
brownie obsession=win
awww cotto corner threw in the towel? kinda wanted the ko but i guess its for the best 
supernatural returns <propfirst> 21??????? wtf??????
grateful for this matchup: me vs  12lb bird
"is in love with <propmale> furatero, just had our first date  wink "
good news: vacation begins  bad news: gonna spend that time writing supplement essays  sad 
omg saints <propfemale> vu again??!?!?!??!?!?
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
all right time to start 10 pg paper due tomorrow   current status: 0 pgs 
hearing <propmale> <propfemale>'s real accent makes me even more of a fan of the guy's acting skills
"if the ravens were playing the ravens, theyd be super bowl champs!"
yeah vikings!
"alright jets, let's make a date with the colts next week"
that was a fumble stupid refs
revis man   
lets gooooooo
j-e-t-s jets!  jets!  jets!
jets gonna hold this down!
can't bear to watch anymore
what do i bring for grub day tomorrow??!?!?!?!?!
what the hell the regis team wasn't even on tv?
is freezing
"nachos, ribs, wings? damn, everything would be perfect if it werent for manning"
lets gooo saints!!!!
it was only a matter of time      yeaahhhh boyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
party on bourbon street!!!!!!!!!
thanks to all for the birthday wishes!
"wtfff xaverian, keraney and fontbonne are closed but regis is still open??!??!?!??!?"
rocked the <propmale> interview  smile 
aj: vancouver's in canada? me: yeah! where did you think it was? aj: i thought it was in <propfemale> me: which state? aj: vancouver
last time burning the midnight oil for high school  smile 
"needs to find \written that you may believe: encountering jesus in the fourth gospel\"" for tomorrow  any ideas?"""
"guitar, cooking, and sports writing classes? now thats my kind of trimerster"
it's not a trap!
not at all surpirised by <propfemale> results
wait so who's gonna be able to watch the oscars?
the oscars are starting and im in the dark  sad 
fuck you ohio
"you know what, fuck the big east too"
got into villanova!
"and there goes my shot at winning the pool  <propfemale>', you disappoint me "
my bracket       
i think i just got into nyu
6 6
been staring at a blank <propfirst> paper for the past 4 hours hoping it would write itself
damn another victim of the regian hopkins rejects  sad 
it's 5 o'clock    good luck
fuck you <propmale>
needs to drown his sorrows in cookie dough ice cream
"damn, big <propfirst> shouldn't have been in the bottom 2 in the first place but at least he's coming back!"
deadliest warrior marathon  love 
fuck you aj
damn lakers getting worked
dirty lardner
2 more days of school and its all over
officially done with my last high school hw ever
i can't believe it's over     
what kind of supernatural ending was that?!?!?!?
"wow the the cavs gave up with 2 <propfemale> left? damn, thats just sad"
yeah celtics up 2-0
wow thames hero to goat in one night?
im gay
and so ends an <propfemale>     in a sexy white tux
is officially a regis alumnus! the past 4 years have been a blast and i wish everybody luck in the future 
"alright celtics, comback time"
when's the hearn roast tomorrow?
a day and a half of these horns is starting to ruin my world cup e playful erience
quite the upset
celtics are letting it slip away     
come on celtics have won every game 7 against the lakers  get it together
damn celtics sure know how to choke
don't watch tennis fan but damn mahut and isner 59-59 in the 5th set? 9 and a half hours? ironman status
that was fast  sad 
toy story 3 was the shit
wow the ghana-uruguay drama doesn't get any bigger
wow ghana is sooooooooooooo tiiiighhhhhhttttt
is there any better american tradition than the hot dog eating contest?
"facebook, twitter, espn, and a whole bunch of other websites are about to e playful lode in 20 <propfemale>"
" sad (((((((((((  wow, completely gutted our franchise for just amare? damn"
"waaaa??? <propfirst> to rangers? just a couple hours ago, the yanks sed they were on the one yard line of completing the deal"
late nite dominos floor party at binghamton orientation  yup this is how we roll
camping in the am for a week with the filipino crew  letsss goooo!!!!
just for nat since everyone's doing it: road trip to florida tomorrow!
bye ny! (again)
back in brooklyn
who's up for one more road trip?
booorreeeeddddd
stupid  sprained  ankle   sad 
saw that one coming
still tight we wanted to watch the movies with inception as our first choice and we didn't even see it  but still a great day with the group before moving out 
the sound of rain is kinda comforting on a night like this
last minute packing frenzy  i love it
"degrassi, pizza, and chocolate peanut butter pie  the perfect way to say goodbye to brooklyn"
it's 4 surprise 3 and i can't sleep  cuz its time to head out 
damn class in the am? it really is the end of summer  sad 
can anybody help me find a good pool stick for $30-$50?
in the firs battle of man vs  laundry    man is victorious ha! back in bk tonight!
lost my voice today but totally worth it cuz the sipag juniors are 2 games away from another naba championship! take it home guys!
congrats to the 2010 spiag juniors for repeating as naba champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so jesus is making friend requests now  huh
huh that naba bit was fast    
lets go 2010 nfl kickoff!!!
who wrote out the chem 107 pre-lab??????
"just when i thought i escaped working at the church, they pull me back in  sad "
back to bing soon
damn jets what a way to start the season -_-
damn there was a tornado in brooklyn? geez i miss all the fun stuff
house season premiere tonight!
can never have buffalo wings anywhere else ever again unless they're from the original anchor bar  best  wings  ever 
"ok, i'm cool with drake coming to bing but what the hell is snooki gonna do here? and we paid her $16k to come here? smh at where my money is going"
drake concert tonight!!!!!!!
"so theres a poker tournament at my school  1st prize:26 inch sony lcd tv  2nd: digital camera 3rd annoyed ogitech computer speakers  about 200 people start the tourney at about 8 smile 0 pm  after 5 hours of play, i make the final table of 8 and 6th in chips       i finish 4th  fml -_-"
this is gonna be a sad winter if the yanks don't pull it together
it was zombie killing time      and of course my gun jams  sad  braaaaaaiiiinnnnnnsssss
" annoyed o me, <propfirst> <propfemale>, and <propmale> had an interesting night"
i'm raemer and i leave my facebook on other people's computers
finally done with all my mid-terms
is so glad about the extra hour of sleep
"burn notice, still great as always"
i shook <propfirst> richman's hand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jets    are     beast
brooklyn in 8 hours!
the bus internet blocks youtube? fml
nothing like the sounds of traffic to let me know i'm home  smile 
feels so stuffed right now  who's got leftovers?
so was i foolish to think that saints-cowboys was gonna be competitive?
great sweet 16 party with the flip fam to end my time in brooklyn! back to bing in the morn and i'm gonna miss you guys
michigan state vs duke or studying chem? hmm    
its snowing!!!!!!
"rip lon-capa 12 04 2010  time of death: 11 surprise 6 am\i wish i could say i knew thee well and that you will be missed  if only  \\victory is mine!!!!"
for old time's sake
jets vs  pats let's gooooooooooo
damn the knicks making this season interesting good win guys
final stretch of studying  here we go
finals are over!!!!! on the road back home  smile 
you know you've been away for too long when your dog won't leave your side and your bro can't divide by 100
chem grades up  smile 
"haha giants you stink! but some serious props to the eagles  \\let go jets! show ny who's their real team!"
jets all day baby!!!
"me: so dad i got my report card today\dad: (looks at the computer screen) ay, you gotta clean your computer screen  here let me get that dirt <propfirst> off \me: where?\dad: by that a  that's an a right?\me:      no, its really an a-minus\dad: a-minus? a-minus?!? get this computer away from me \-_-"
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!
it's a white day after christmas!
sick to my stomach sanchoke
nothing like jumping onto a 6 foot pile of snow to feel like a kid again
letsss go knicks!
are the saints actually losing right now?!?!?!?!
chipotle and jets  lets go!!!
j-e-t-s jets jets jets!!!!!!!!!! we're going to new england for the rubber match!!!!
holy crap    fsu just beat duke???
ski trip tomorrow!!!!
jets football!!!
"back to the afc championship again! this time, it's gonna end differently from last year  watch out pittsburgh!"
omgomgomg house is back!
i need a shoulder to cry on          sad (((( god stuck in the winter vortex of binghamton  class tomorrow  will the pain ever end?
my shoes smell like <propfemale> mustard and i wreak of dirty dishwater  damn you sodexo and your 5-hour shifts of eternity!
sooooo yeahhhhh the quiz was a hoax right?
motherfucking sons of bitchs its up
       that was the fastest pretest ever
morrissey is the man
it never gets old to hear it's a snow day tomorrow  smile 
"who considers flip-flops as \a pair of shoes?\"""""
pody uppal: i know why pittsburgh won the challenge  it's because of the coach     affirmative action
so yeah      who will wear the lady gaga perfume inspired by semen and blood?
"a computer beating <propmale> jennings on jeopardy? first a trivia answering machine  soon, the terminator series comes to life"
"wow, how often can you say \beautiful weather we're having\"" in binghamton?"""
wtfff??!?!? tentative agreement for <propmale> with the nets?!!?!?
"its nba all <propfemale> weekend, time for the celebrity game  always hilarious to watch"
daaammmnnn griffen
its about to time  i couldn't stand 3 more days of nothing but <propmale> talk on every sports cchannel
damn all the stars coming to the tri-state area
congratulations to <propmale> decarlo for winning the binghamton's biggest dyke award!!!!
amare!!!!!!!
damn <propmale> was indefensible
damn <propmale> is beast
meowwwwwwwwwwwww
of course syracuse and uconn would go to overtime  lets go for 7 this time!
stupid hour jump
"so yeah, there goes one my finals teams    "
omg pitt and butler gonna give me a heart attack
sooo not confident in my championship pick anymore
dumbfounded is an understatement <propfirst>
that shot did not just hit
\on any given night," anyone can beat anyone \""\"e6eec87f7382c2a1a78972ef1916fa34,so much for upsets
huge shakeup in the pool
march madness at its finest
"\you never know a man until you have eaten a pood of salt with him \""\",e6eec87f7382c2a1a78972ef1916fa34,opening day    here we go
yeah uconn!!! feel bad for butler but uconn's top dog!
