8dc5f44decd59f54343a2fca38d62e40
babe you lost me     sad   heart-broken 
at the movies with <propfirst> and kye' fun fun
so how does this work?
am i really that ugly?
i did it and got denied again wtf is worng with men?! stupid shit  annoyed 
bored bored bored talk to me!
i'm so full! i feel discusting so later i'll go for a 1-2 hr run   
so summer?? aha lets make planss and memories text me 266-7916
are you kidding me?!
wtf is lake show??
ughh summer school  i mean yay summer school lol
omg its been a freekin year since hes talked to me  
mmm   i smell good  smile  lol
finds it funny how she doesn't  know how to get to her own house aha oopsie  smile 
ughh!  frowny 
dangg haven't needed to cut in the longest time  but now its a necsesity   
party today it's going  to be graet!
"whats ur fantasy? \(you should tell me)"
heh  smile 
i hate it when   
i need sleep (-z-)   
& he said like a drum he beat  wink 
"hey let me take you out, babyboy you's a cutie   "
this year is the yeari'm going to   i'm just sayin aha
oh my   my whole lower body is is pain i can bearly walk  sad 
-you know whats better than sex?   not having sex  wink 
i'm hardcore d g a f! if u like it or not it's me deal with it!
in lust we trust!
3 hr  walks are so relaxing but oh so tring  playful  back hurts  sad 
party with <propfirst> later maybe   i hope cause i want to party aha hmu
<propfirst> ur the sexiest love you! lol
or a  going to mikes for a bit   
"\ what you feelin' froggy then jump!!\"" ahaha made my day hmu  """
on my way  laugh !
girls are like busses u ride them untill u get off  playful 
cali tomorrow  laugh !
road trip   playful 
fuck life i'm tired of trying!
back in vegas  
i'm out  
hey i don't know you but i want u to be my friend  smile 
yesterday was fun so today should be too
umm  umm  idk what to say you have left me speechless  wink 
ok so <propfirst> <propmale>  ur so mean no todas las mujeres son gold diggers smh!
i feel as though something is missing  annoyed 
whats a zoosk? well watever it maybe i made one lol
damn like that? aha just got kicked out of a website lol
we all need somebody to <propfemale> on    smile 
<propfemale> came back mall friday! i missed my white girl  laugh !
just the way you are -<propmale> mars?  
"i'm so reckless,clumsy,and loving  smile "
guys are wack!
at home with <propfemale> hmu  
aww whitey left i miss her already!  sad  soon we'll <propfemale> out again soon!
"\love is only friendship on fire\"""""
they said only a fool can trust someone like you; well guess u can call me a fool  playful !
doesn't like <propfemale> she asked a simple yes or no question and she gets an i don't know or some bullshit long ass answer it's yes or no people (some people) lol
hope for the worst; e playful ect the best  (not the other way around  )
"it's like (bing,bang boom!) i just got rid of your bitch ass  "
nico h  sad ock  say cock <propfemale> me: c  cc  co  penis sorry nico i can't nico h  surprise h my god you are such a virgin  laugh ! me surprise mg well at least i'm not a hoe  playful 
fortune teller told me some one with a j will make a great impact in my life wonder wat she meant  
when i say fuck yall  i really do mean mother fuck yal!
"favorite saying \if it's meant to be it will be\"" i live by this"""
i'll just hug it all better  smile 
i'm only one voice in a million 
"\a virgin but i still know how to lay pipe \""  playful """
<propfemale> <propfemale> stencil i miss you more than the 90's! tehehe love you!
wide awake to  much cold too sleep 
w o trust there is no love -
i don't like to bother people but i also don't want to see them sad 
gibberish?
you have to give a little to get a lot 
"\love begets love\"""""
i'm just sayin' the week needs to be over now!
hey guess wat???   i think i like you  smile 
 ???? '?'? ?? sad •??)=? ?' ?'\\????\\
"\clothes are over rated panties are debated einstein her head is the greatest pmw\""-wayne"""
it's hard to stand your ground when your afraid 
life doesn't always turn out the way you plan 
"i'll do a you \want to know why?\press like  smile "
"\listen up u mothercracker u ain't nothin' but a piece of cheese without the corners so therefore ur never going to be anything but a slice bitch!\"" -kevein heart? lmfao!"""
"\i'm sticking with you cause i'm made out of glue anything that you might do i'm going to do too cause i'm sticking with you\"" -the <propfemale> underground"""
you'll feel so free like a kite in the sky; have u ever been to heaven at night? -kudi
age is a question of mind over matter if you don't mind then it don't matter 
i'm good you good?
"\hard to move on when ou always regret one\"" - j-cole"""
shit you shouldn't be so serious @ that age  you need to be running through hoes 
he said i love u and i said omg i love me too   sometimes lol
"\you gotta be on it if u want it \"""""
"\sometimes what you want isn't what you get;and what you you get u never e playful ected or even knew you wanted \""-valeria <propfemale> chavira?"""
a virgo? huh! weird lol becca text me cuando puedas!
"point,blank everyone that says they won't hurt you eventually they will  which is why i call bullsh** as soon as a person says it -and they never fail to prove me right   annoyed "
time is of the essence  baby don't waist it 
''he who e playful ects no gratitude shall never be disappointed ''-budda
&& crazy is what they're calling me but that's not even close 
just go with the flow   until the flow isn't right 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night  smile 
it's like i get paid for being a total jerk  yup yup life's good can't complain  wink 
"\you have to join the race to win the race\""-rev  run"""
"\he's so fluffy i'm going to die!\"""""
"i'm tired of waiting and being alone so hmmmm i've been patient no more if i want it i will go for it like nike say \just do it\"" imma just do it no matter what the results if you never try you'll never know what your missing  riigghh? nuff said!"""
"\yeah bitch i'm the shit let it stank\"""""
why ask why? better yet why not?
"woooooooooow  wow,wow,wow     wow! une playful ected yahh i think not mhhmm totally e playful ected!"
"are you stupid,simple,or slow? huh which one?"
"dear lady,your a lagger you can't say yes and then noo last friggen <propfemale> i despise u ever so greatly > annoyed !"
it's time for you to build a bridge and get over it!
"i'm done now \roll me up and smoke me \"""""
i am   ready for change 
"ok,ok i'm up! i'm up! oh great i'm up  annoyed "
uummmm   yupp      :
win like a man;loose like a man 
the respect i have  well had  yeah it's pretty much gone now 
doooopppeee! now let me  re-swagger tahaha   yuhhh re-   swagger  playful 
"pants off sweats on, yeahh ready for the weekend   hmu?"
yoooo!! honestly wtf man!?blehhh haha anyways need something to do  hmu  smile 
"\bonita applebum u gotta put me on\"""""
if you wanna talk to me why should i call text you shouldn't u be call texting me?
"\ignorance is bliss and ignorance is love and i need that shit!\"" -cudi"""
a little dirty never hurt anyone 
put me in a straight jacket cause i seriously think belong in one 
"\siempre hay <propfemale> roto para <propfemale> descosido \"""""
hey?   hey?   hey?   heeeeyyyy?! shut the fuck up  thanks  smile  hahahaha!!
i just wanna go home and sleep mom hurry i hate thursdays!
screw this going back to sleepn good night 
you talk i listen  well kind of   i hear words but they make no sense cause everything ur saying is a lie and i can't hear bullshit so just keep it real!
i only gotts one thing to say  fuck a fake as trick and screw a pussy as niigga!
yall boys just a whole bunch of pussycats  malo 
i would like it more than anything to go out and e playful lore the world but mother just won't let me  sad  it truly is a sad thing i feel trapped 
i've lost my umph no bueno  all malo  annoyed 
are you coo' coo' bananas?!
bro?!really? please don't call be bro <propfemale> thanks!
"(sigh,groan,groan,sigh annoyed )"
and it died;welp time for bed i guess night!
ughhh competition i hate it but love how motivated it keeps me  smile 
i like how i sometimes randomly get the giggles haha  laugh !
"\it's about haveing confidence and being fun\""-trainer <propfirst>"""
just go with it  wink 
i wanna cut and dye my hair but mother says no seems like thats ythe only word in her vocab  annoyed 
it needs to get hot or atleast warm i wanna beable to go out and not be cold 
i hate going to sleep angry   yeah thanks!
feel like going out so i'll go for a walk run smile  and then maybe somewhere else 
"\it's better to be hated ; then to be loved for what your not \""-marina & the dimonds """
your so gay and you don't even like boys!
error error  cannot compute   error
hello it's called life and in life ur not going to like everyone u meet and not everyone that meets you will like you so quit being so anal about  it 
que pasa mufasa?
hasta la pasta mufasa  laugh !
"\come at me bro!\"""""
don't ever let anyone tell you can't 
"\ it can't always be smiles and giggles\"" """
take me up up and away 
and tell your girlfriend if she says she has beef that i'm a vegetarian and i ain't fucking scared of her!!
wtf was that that felt horrible!
"gigity,gigity, goo   allrighhhht!"
smile bitch!
i'm so bored i might die why is this thursday so effing long!?!
and they see it why can't you tho' are you stupid?
not feeling so hot  annoyed \
i feel disgusting   ewwww and i feel like isht fuck today!
tell me i can't i'll show that i can  playful !
"i hate this feeling of nothingness and worthlessness,the desperation of not having and being alone going without  the pain is spiteful it hurts!"
you know ur in love once it starts to hurt cause love is pain 
don't quote me bitch cause i ain't say shit!
truth be told i miss you   and truth be told i'm lying  playful !
life ends it doesn't mean we can enjoy it 
if i question it that means it's no bueno   and why did that fee like goodbye?
"\i sent ur girl a message she sent me one back but i ain't never read it cause pussy is only pussy and i get when i need it\"" -drake"""
i like   words and not just any words big words with philisophical meaning
hmmm      abrasive thoughts are aspiring   smile 
"i don't need to much i just need somebody to love,nope don't need nothing at all  just somebody to love  smile ?"
say what you need to say 
we don't talk anymore  and you know what the saddest part is? we used to talk everyday and well i miss that  but most importantly i miss   well you? 
not cool i need a new phone cause mines fucking up 
y no puedo dormir otra noche sin dormir   chingado!
a mi si me vale verga 
lets make tonight fun yeah?
it's because i care huh? well let me tell u this  if i didn't care u'd be screwd!
i want something sweet to eat 
yay no f's yes i feel proud  smile 
"me dices que no yo te digo que si ; me dices n<propfemale>ca yo te digo siempre, te enojas te doy <propfemale> abraso me empujas y te doy <propfemale> putaso!  laugh ! bored just woke up text me?"
yo niggas are on their periods now a days yooo change your tampons!!
mmmm  that was nice  smile 
sometimes things that need to be said aren't but that's cause of the fear we have of either loosing someone or just saying the wrong thing 
so i have a hundred million clothes in my closet and i don't want to wear any of it can i just go in my underwear? ba-ba-ba-bullshit!!!
hurt people;hurt people  sad  ( get it?)
to thy ownself be true 
fuck this goodnight!!
dress and heels for today i'm feelin' dressy  smile 
i got dreams bigger than ur whole team 
"valentines day only exists for those who have a valentine,no? so since i don't have one it doesn't exist    for me of course "
mmmm i want a salad  
"\fuck the police coming straight from the underground a young nigga got it bad cause i'm brown \"""""
"thoughts of you,thoughts of she,thoughts of me w o you; \do i love you? do i lust you? am i a sinner cause i do the tw0?\"""""
lets play the blame game; (i love you )
yooo my eyes burn!!!
not in the best mood today  kinda down  annoyed 
"call me a flirt, but when i'm in a relationship i'm one faithful person "
so  this is not cool    nope it's bugging me!
the sky looks pretty   annoyed 
my stomach is talking and it says grumble grumble   bulbasore  lol
"i sit and wait, i wait and sit, it never comes so i get fed up and stand and leave   i'll never know if it came or not cause i sat and waited,and waited and sat   "
"no phone so if i was texting you just now sorry, but i told you so  smile "
why  is today going so slow? (no phone)
i have had h a m stuck in my head all day 
ewww so not feeling today imma go home and idk i just want to leave!
"lets reconcile our differences and be merry,yess?"
we live to laugh we laugh to forget and we forget to live   yooo  0_o
"this is too much for my litto heart i wanna let you in but whats best is to shut you out    even if it hurts to do so; because trust me i kills me to do so,the feelings have grown to strong and the bond i feel is so true let me know  please what should i do?"
i got people to inspire spirits to lift  smile 
if i want it imma get it!
long hair no more  wink 
the worst part is you don't even care 
phuck it text me people i'm bored 
banana boat goes on the skin real nice  wink  (joke)
"\now shut you face and kiss my mout\"" (in a french accent)"""
gonna go straighten my hair and get pretty for the day hmu 
i'm good i'm fine just never getting high again lol
hmm i feel cute <propfemale> i wear dresses they make me feel pretty  smile 
when i want something i go for it   
''devious little bitches are never ashamed'' true shit!
i'm a hand holder i like to hold people hands smile    so can i hold yours? thehehe  laugh !
"aww why god why? that was fucked up (wth,smh)"
"when everything is still,and not a murmer in air i stop   then u come to mind,and i want you near i live in fear that i will lose u dear; oh how i hate this fear "
when you call i'll be the one to keep you warm 
a man is only as true as his options 
<propmale> ur taking forevers!
<propfemale> <propmale> u just made my night 110% better ?
please crackers with cheese nigga please we on j-e-t no pilot 
out!
"yeah i'm to legit to quit, that is why i don't stop till i get what i want,and i get it often yesss hahaha"
6th period???  ummmm   time for sleep   yeah i think so  smile 
good nap     hmmm  smile  u better text me today 
bodies giving out on me i feel limp  =- 
11 days and i'll be 18  smile  and i still don't have anything planned 
"sister: why do they call em' nuts?\me:idk   maybe cause they look like (saying it together)  walnuts?"
"it feels so good to be bad,i might be bad but i'm perfectly good at it  wink "
better get ur readbull on cause i'm readayy   bow chika wow wow x2 
last night was great!  smile 
the sun feels good on my skin  smile 
we sure are cute for two ugly people   wink 
"if you were a wink i'd be a nod,and if you were a kiss then i'd be the hug cause all's i want you to be is my sweet <propfemale> <propfemale> ?"
"\ahhh you know me i'm to lazy to hold a grudge \""-sid the sloth"""
two hours with ms rowles greeeaaatt     how fun!
baby i'll give you that tlc your craving  wink 
no school for me tomorrow  oh hell no!
i'll <propfemale> up up and away cause they gone judge me any way so whatever 
just say what you need to say 
i'll give u ur space cause i'm not of those clingy all up in ur business checking in to see what ur doing type of girlfriends 
"let me e playful lore ur mind body and soul so i can get you in the right places cause baby all i wanna do is \love\"" you """
"i don't hate any body,blame,discourage,or hold grudges if something happens i let it roll off the shoulder and fix it by saying shit happens and we all just have to get over it  so why pick a fight? lets be civil and talk it out if we can't then lets just not talk point blank  geez!"
when i meet someone i like i want to spend all of my time with them  smile 
guess it's back to school tomorrow oh yay  annoyed 
"the fuck is wrong with me i feel discombobulated,anxious,uneasy,scared just all bad  annoyed  heeellpp!"
can you swim? cause you sleepin' where the crabs at 
"a silence so loud it kills , it's unbearable the knowing of whats not there and the knowing of what is or could be there, it's deadly and it cuts oh it cuts; so deep it kills "
i swear   i start  to   think   that i'm going crazy 
i'll be fine once i get it in;i'll be good 
i'm like so lost -_-'
they say one needs to be alone to truly realize how much you need someone to be there 
beauty is in the eye of the beholder 
aww i feel loved  smile  thank u all!
text the birthday girl yeah?
i'm so hungry i might die  sad 
missed first period    oh wells last  night was fun hahaha oh yeeeaahhh  wink  
time for relaxation my head hurts  (-_-')
woke up to an empty house where is everyone?
"so i missed u this morning,then i decided to wear ur sweater to school  smile "
"even when ur mad at me u make me smile, ? "
"i guess i really do grow on people, like i say u learn to love me  playful "
"apparently i'm cocky with a hint of humbleness, ok i can digg that  wink "
"hi my name's <propfemale> and when i want something i'm restless,anxious, and listless  till i get it "
you can't hate me cause you love me too much  smile 
you're cute i like you ?!
smile your on camera  wink 
i hate how antisocial i am! idk y most people just annoy me  annoyed 
"and my head keeps spinnin' i can't keep having these visions,i gotta get with it; i seen it it,i seen it before "
if you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything 
are we or are we not?
2 heads are better then the one god gave me-k i d 
-_-'
baby if it's in love i wanna fall ?!
don't tell me what you won't do just tell me what you gon' do  wink 
do it already!!
it's all about how you see things and what i'm seeing right now  not that great  sad 
bitch i do me like masterbation  playful 
let's runaway for a day 
"names valeria,i like the color black,and i'm confused,i'm human and have problems;who doesn't?,and i have something you don't    what is it hahaha hmmm   it's a secret shhhhh    wink "
"confession 2: i'm perfectly imperfect,i care about others opinions,i'm a careing and loveing person, outside of realitionship i'm a big flirt tease but when i'm in one i will stand by my partners side no matter what!, i love hugs!, and cake  laugh !,i fall for a person upon meeting and when i fall for someone i feel as if nobody else in the world can replace that person "
i am in love with what we are;not what we should be  smile 
kneww it was to good to last  annoyed  glad i had i don't regret a thing 
just call me no sleep <propfemale> 
owwww my heart hurts! make it stop  kill me!!
last night not a good look for me i don't do that   
gotta stop it's obvious u don't really want me cause if u did you wouldn't be doing what ur doing 
this guy:you look pretty today me:tha       this guy:april fools!!  me:jerk
shit happens can't dwell for every loss there is a find it just comes with time  smile 
hmmm   i lost my calseta  one of my feets is cold now  sad 
in life i will accomplish great things  smile 
pool   it needs to be cleeeaaannneedd! asap!
-one ought not to think so stop thinking  (canibus)
now what?
