80d6ffa1bfcf74290b8c8ba356784a4e
lakers!!! woooh  suck it magic!
chillin wit t-bone
is chillin with dinosaurs
scared of da fucking creatures
has anyone ever fell off of a skyscraper and survived?
"\it's not a purse it's a satchel \"""""
just watched the international
"\paging dr  douchebag!\"""""
am i the only 1 who thinks transformers 2 is gonna suck? (besides <propfemale> fox of course!)
"for all the shit you got, you were still an awesome dude  sorry to see you go <propfirst> <propmale>  sad "
"transformers: revenge of the fallen, was the most exhausting film i've ever seen  trust me that's not a good thing "
the website has been getting a lot of hits lately!
just saw public enemies
<propmale> s  thompson was a <propmale> beast
up was amazing!
hurt locker rocked
<propmale>   
28th is the date i be leaving
"is actually, now moving the 31st this week  if u wanna chill tell me now"
"thanks for being the best friends i've ever had in my life  i love all you people  and i'll miss the hell out of each and everyone of you!  we all had a good run, i'll miss you guys"
did u see how strong he was? his arms looked like legs!
likin louisiana so far!
jese    
the football coach liked me? say hello to tackle football <propfirst> dupuy
school tomorrow
"tackle football is hard in louisiana weather  shit it's so humid  but hey, it's fun as hell "
there's way too much going on   
first football game tomorrow!
feels horrible 
tired of being sick
it was one long damn day
what an epic fucking night!
homecoming wink 
"tired, really tired"
im so damn bored
"pulled a muscle in my neck, and can't turn my head haha"
paranormal activity (i don't care what anyone else says) was fucking scary!
psyched for tomorrow daddy-o
"football, ihop, friends, 13th gate, partying, cannibal holocaust, sleepover, motorcycles    it was a good weekend "
everyone who reads this status needs to press like
kinda not digging it  sad 
kinda not digging it
feels like crap
if new <propfemale> beats the dark knight in ticket sales i think i will lose all faith in filmmaking   
had a surprisingly good weekend
"it sucks when things are good, but you still feel upset about something  even though you don't know what it is you're upset about; life's a bitch   "
really bored
not the best day
a good day  smile 
oh man
its amazing what music can do
hahahahaha
"all those in favor of bringing back disco, please like this status!"
had the adventure of my life with <propmale> and storm
avatar was fucking horrible    nuff' said 
i just got a new phone so everybody give me there <propfirst>
come on saints!
it's amazing to me how such an awesome night can go so bad so fast
things are gonna be better  that's my resolution  this year is gonna be the best year i've had and will have for a while  happy new years everybody  smile 
home alone nothing to do
kinda psyched to see daybreakers
daybreakers sucked
fuck work
you know what was the only thing scarier than <propmale> tucci's character in the lovely bones? his hair
do we have spanish homework?
sweet   
fuck dude haha
i had a good night ahha
that just happened    boom!!!
<propmale>
what an awesome day  smile 
i'm so damn happy haha
i feel like crap 
why am i always sick when good stuff's just about to happen?
had a really good time tonight at the parade
well than
i can't compete with that haha!
"you know i've been thinking a lot lately that while life can be a bitch, and you usually don't get what you want, every once-in-a-while something nice or une playful ected happens, and it's times like that that i live for  i guess what i'm saying is take what you can get when you get it, put up with all the bullshit, and wait for what you deserve  cause eventually stuff gets better "
why do i have to be sick again?
feels pretty good for the most part  annoyed 
pull ya'self together <propmale>!
feeling good
bender tonight
"community service for seven hours! now, i will make it my goal to somehow have fun for the rest of this day!"
the crazies!
not feeling good
you diabolical <propmale> shrinking mutha fucker!
"i think that certain times call for certain measures, and right now is calling for me to be a douche bag  and i think i might oblige"
heat of the moment
my phone service got shut off
the hurt locker baby!
this sucks
for fucks sake
my skin hurts
"i can't say it now, but when i do? it's gonna be fucking momentous"
i think my cabin fever's starting to go away
cannibal holocaust music
"on facebook people are willing to click a little button titled \become a fan\"" of something that no person in reality can honestly be a fan of """
hot tub time machine
what o what should i make my profile picture???
"r i p at the movie, you will be missed"
spring break    come on!
taking pictures hopefully one will be my new profile picture
i've never wanted to go surfing more in my life
cheap champagne
well what are you gonna do about it
"what to do, what to do?"
so good right now
florida!
"the surf was kind of a letdown, but it's supposed to pick up later  i got a few good waves though"
home!
<propfirst> grosch    i think i love u    
good  u know like in a good way
my back hurts haha
finally done with homework
i hate this take home text!
it's legit
sittin' at a bar
just found out bond 23 is postponed indefinitely until mgm gets their shit together  i am beyond pissed off
not that good a day
fuck it
so this is my wednesday night   
"actually, doing nothing  sad "
i can only wonder what would happen if you knew
why are you screaming? i haven't even got your license yet 
anybody know what the spanish homework was
there's always that one person that knows how to make you feel better
a <propmale> day  but football made up for it
check out chilingolingomoviereviews com
"', smile "
not too good
football was fun  smile 
hahahaha fuck it
well i know who i'm in love with  smile 
"the smell of you in ever single dream i dream,   \- hey soul sister"
i feel good
nemo; the creature that lives inside my phone   
so bored  sad 
stress   
what is on my mind?
what a day  annoyed 
i now know what i need to do     smile 
"the way i see it, it's either gonna be me or you  i figure it might as well be you "
kokomo
just had one of the most surreal e playful eriences of my life
frightened  smile 
schools just ending and for some reason i'm not as happy as i should be  annoyed 
"school actually is over now, and now i feel much happier  smile "
sweeeeet   
fucking hate the pricks at ubisoft montreal
i think i'm in love     and so is she  i shall one day meet her  smile 
awesome  smile  facebook just made my day
excited for today  smile 
"what a day: canou trip with the guys, one week till california!"
my nights haven't felt normal anymore  annoyed 
6 days  smile 
good night  smile 
three more days cannot wait!
<propfirst> hopper you will be missed
finally home  smile 
"long day, but a good one also  smile "
"you can bring me up, you can bring me down  you can make me smile, you can make me frown  you can brighten my day, or you can make it rain  so the only question remains: are you going to make my day?"
seeing get him to the greek tonight with steffen and <propfirst>
had a fun day today!  smile 
gonna be a good night  smile 
should be a fun night
"had a great time with all of my awesome friends in california  smile  i will miss every single one of you guys, your all the best!"
i'm so mad all of a sudden haha
liked the a-team
i wonder how today will turn out   
bored
cloudy with a <propmale> of homicide   
everyone needs to join the glades fan club!
what to do?
football!
lakers!!!! pay me my money!
i own 21 kookoo roos  none of you own a single kookoo roo  i'm gon' be alright; people love chicken 
congradulations uncle <propfirst>!
no one makes an animated movie like pixar; toy story 3 just goes to prove it yet again 
has a really bad feeling in his stomach and has a good feeling as to why
frustration
we got more bounce in california  smile 
"lightning strike, inside my chest to keep me up at night,\dream of ways, to make you understand my pain,\clouds of sulfur in the air, bombs are falling everywhere, it's heartbreak warfare   \<propfirst> mayer's the shit aha"
well i have nothing to do till 7:10    sweet
tired beyond belief  i'm just begotten i guess     smile 
mri tomorrow finally
mri  annoyed 
just had a giant needle shoved into my shoulder between the joints    it hurt!
i have to get surgery    fuuuuuuucccccckkkkk
thats really cool   
i guess i understand than   
can't stop thinking about what i just e playful erienced 
interesting 4th of july! haha
fruit of the loom    i think you know who you are? haha
just got back from blue bayou
blood work
id rather be bow hunting
party tonight
surgery tomorrow! and i am not looking forward to it haha
the glades 
surgery  annoyed 
could be worse haha
feels like shit
not sick anymore but my arm is killing me
in so much pain  annoyed 
ooooowwwww!
i swear thing just keep getting harder everyday
you find out something new everyday
going to see inception!
interception=best football movie ever!!!!!
like this status and absolutely nothing will happen
like this and ill tell you that stuff everyone else has been telling you
that one didn't feel too good  annoyed 
happy birthday dad!  smile 
borrreedd
my shoulder is killing me!
love that western song from kick-ass  smile 
well that's not cool haha
liked inception even more the second time
finally getting the staples out of my arm; thank god haha
feel great!  smile 
things are great  smile 
so bored
just ate chipotle!
"physical therapy tomorrow, yet i still feel really happy  smile "
"just kidding, physical therapy got rescheduled, going to the zoo now!"
had a good time today  smile 
physical therapy in a little bit  smile 
"what to do, what to do?  i could sleep i guess haha"
you had me at whatever it was you first said to me
 smile ))
am having the best meal ive had in quite some time haha
still in a damn fine mood  smile 
surprisingly good day so far  smile 
my head's killing me and i'm really fucking confused right now
this isn't looking like too good a day  annoyed 
i need a pig to make some bank at!
"when life gives you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail"
"i'm a peacock, you gotta let me fly!"
pure misery 
"tired, drained and so upset"
much better  smile 
why is the fight scene in the hallway in inception so cool?
good first day of school
"exhausted, good day tho"
shoulder's killing me
tired  tired in every single way 
really good day  smile 
feels exhausted  and has physical therapy for the next hour and a half
really not looking forward to school today
better day than e playful ected
roll it dj chocolate thunder
 sad 
feels like everything i do is a mistake
why did i do this  sad 
tired and confused
sicks  can barely get outta bed right now  wish i was at the game tonight! go hawks!
ungrounded and going to see machete  laugh 
like it for a remember when
just doesn't matter haha
seeing the town
had a good night  smile 
at the movies
<propmale> in 2 hours  smile 
just watched <propmale>  highly enjoyable i gotta say
"<propmale> said, \having an okay day  just bought a coke zero from the gas station    raise the roof \"""""
"stressing out bad, gonna try to sleep "
happy birthday mom!
i'm ceo bitch
"very tired  but, probly going to the fair later!"
"so tired and i have so much homework  but still, i'm in a pretty damn good mood  smile "
don't you    forget about me
it's party time  it's the shank of the evening  my friend <propmale> and i are having cocktails in 10 minutes at my island cottage 
the shit i see on facebook 
"wow, it's amazing how fast people can grow up haha"
fuckin facebook haha
"older woman - \that was stupid of you to drink so much  rule of thumb is have one one drink per hour  it's all your body can handle \""\",80d6ffa1bfcf74290b8c8ba356784a4e,"i'm sitting here on my computer trying to come up with something funny, or quippy or interesting to put as a status, but literally nothing is coming to mind   so, in retaliation for my unknowing, i have decided to instead post a status chronicling how i couldn't come up with a better status    so it's really come to this, has it facebook?"
i hate where my mind can take me sometimes
"the walking dead was unbelievably awesome, to say the least"
what do you say we go to a commercial break? brought to you by more liquor
so tired today  going to basketball now!
almost done
done!
this is me hoping it's gonna be a good week!
it's gonna be a really long day
only at piazzos
"after the fires before the flood, my sweet baby i need fresh blood  \-new favorite song"
finally getting to just chill
im awake still
"but for now let me say,\without hope or agenda,\just because it's christmas- \(and at christmas you tell the truth) \to me, you are perfect\and my wasted heart will love you\<propfemale> christmas\ smile "
"alright, cool  smile "
 smile 
"<propfemale> <propmale> is my favorite person in the world! i wish i could rise to her level, but i mean it takes pure talent to be as insanely awesome as she is   smile "
"your one of the strongest people i've ever met, and i know everyone loves you so much, i love you uncle <propfirst>"
"either fox news pays me some goddamn pain and suffering wages for getting my hopes up like that, or i'm just gonna skip school tomorrow"
"board meeting at fox 15 minutes ago annoyed studio exec: i got this great idea; let's tell all the st  tammany parish residents that the schools are all closed  we get their hopes up  than at the last second, we throw a curveball and say sorry we messed up schools are still open in st  tammany parish\fox studio head: i think your a fucking genius, robinson  let's singlehandedly crush every teenagers dreams in one fell swoop"
all i want is to hear your voice and know your still there
i really love this fucking school 
weekend with <propfemale> publes will be amazing
wolf pack is back
father <propfirst> as <propfirst> beiber
republicans all the way!
like this if you think <propmale> is a homo-saurus <propmale>
im legitimately shocked
parade across the lake
tonight? good question
just rescued my bulldog from a swamp    awesome haha
here i go again on my own
come on <propfemale>
my saturday is about to fucking suck bad
"<propmale>- y'all dip and smoke? christ   \two annoying girls- nah \<propmale>-where are y'all from again?\two annoying girls: franklington\<propmale>- yah    that sounds about right"
"you're right, you've won    i'm done "
you're related to me   ? fuck   !
you're a loser with krogers
"ready for change, tomorrow's a new start"
