1ea715aeadee62e90034ca6e17f37850
"going to orl to get some work done on the subaru, class later "
"made some new subaru friends tonight  time for bed, work in the morning"
i was on tv and <propmale> <propmale> laughed at me! on the <propmale> & galante show on sun sports at 6p 
<propmale> tonight
"got my i'm with coco shirts, finally!"
call of duty!
watching some zombieland!
work
merrit island tonight
going to get a free grand slam at dennys  9-2 today
feel like wasting some money on my car
http annoyed  twitcam com ev4v - watch us watch the magic  game  its better than it sounds
"<propmale> miller shouldnt be an anouncer, he is terrible "
"call of duty! now if i could figure out how to lay down in my bed and play ps3, my life would be complete"
weekly subie meet in <propmale>! cause ima cool kid   
going to merrit island with subie friends
    hates homework  sad 
"going to sleep, work in the morning"
"ask me some questions! do it now, do it later! http annoyed  www formspring me pd5015"
"had a fun time going to see <propfemale> in wonderland in \3d\"" tonight  also saw the red baron and someone thought <propfirst> had a british accent """
"thanks to everyone who helped with my speech  glad to see <propmale> and <propfirst> in the new apartment! work in the morning school at night, lammmmme"
get to sleep in tomorrow! also finish the other half of my side skirts on my car
walking the dog
just saw a racoon climb down the tree in front of my window and scurry away somewhere near all of our cars  now i have to venture out and get some food with <propfirst>  oh no!!
dont want to go to class tonight
"food with bg, should be able to get some stuff done on the car today"
listenin to some old blindside while doing some hmwk
"cant sleep, gotta wake up in 5hrs"
"took some cool pics of my car and <propfirst>'s car tonight, will have some more up tomorrow  have to wake up early to go into work for a bit tomorrow bc i forgot to order, lame   "
so much for sleeping in today   
we have a game on our hands   
"working on some homework, at school   it doesnt make sense!"
"i was just driving  behind a car and saw a dog run out and smack right in the center of the  car, do a 360 then stumble away, he never caught up to that cat "
needs to concentrate cant wait till this week is over
one exam down 4 more to go!
"going to sleep, watching some arrested development "
going to see iron man 2 tonight!
"chilling, just got done washing my car "
off to orl subaru meet!
"just hit 30,000 <propmale> in my car!"
"hanging out with <propfirst> <propmale> gray today, then finally see him graduate tonight! should be fun!"
"have to go in on my day off tomorrow, i guess no beach for me  sad "
at mastro subaru!
"had a good day today, glad its the weekend though"
gym
needs to sleep but cant!
laying in bed listening to some music
getting some food
"ugggh, out for a drive"
"likes when your about to text someone, then out of nowhere they text you before you can hit send"
"cant sleep, work @ 6 in the morning"
had a great night tonight!
"finally off work, had a long day"
"cant stop thinking, needs to get out or just get some sleep"
time to work
"had a good time at slowboy racing today, although it was 109* on the dyno  fl is way to hot sometimes"
"doesnt want to go to bed, but im bored and have nothin to do!"
cant sleep
thanks tpd for not pulling me over
off of work early today!
cant sleep
had a good day! tomorrow will be even better
great day  smile 
needs to try to get some sleep
just got back from the gym and im already sore  time for a shower
"its gunna be a long day, off to work"
"just got home finally, shower time"
cant get back to sleep
off to work
today ended up being a good day
"uggh gunna try to sleep, gotta be up at 5a"
didnt get any sleep last awesome
"watchin tv, text me"
at gators dockside
chilling watching some tv
tired but cant fall asleep
watchin tv text me
out for a drive
chilling watching some tv
hopefully i get some good news tomorrow 
well still waiting for wd to find me a spot somewhere finally home though after a long day at work 
out for a drive
"hopefully my car will be fixed by the weekend, i could really use a break    and a job lol"
i have a job and my car is fixed!
at the south florida subaru cruise meet!
has today off!
"tomorrows gunna be a long day, saturday off tho"
"long day but finally home, not really tired though"
chick fila so good
r i p <propfemale> you'll be missed
out for a drive
is sleeping in tomorrow!
"finally off work, im exhausted "
"got a lot done today, off to orl subaru meet"
cant sleep!
"finally off work, have a lot to think about"
"12 hour day, get me out of here!"
uggh out for a drive
"watching a movie and going to bed, tomorrow off!"
bored
"back from <propmale>, weather is perfect out tonight"
gunna try to get some sleep
uggh
such a long day today and  wd meetings are getting old
had the weirdest dream last night
"bored, watching tv"
paranormal activity 2 was pretty good
"really dont wanna work tomorrow, i wanna sleep in!"
"off work, im worn out "
watching top gear
no work for me today
just ran over something 5 feet away from my driveway and got a hole in my tire   awesome
cant sleep
"got a lot done today; scheduled ucf orientation, got my tire patched, changed my oil, rotated my tires, washed my car and some other stuff  now off to orl"
"home, i really dont wanna wake up at 5 lol"
i am in the mountains!and i just saw a little bit of snow
"finally back in fl! probably one of my favorite trips ive been on, saw my cousin get married, saw mountains, drove up on the highest mountain on the east coast, saw snow, went in a new state, drove almost 2000 <propmale> in 4 days, and almost died like a million times  back to work tomorrow "
"work sucked today, i am sore and hungry!"
"got a little sideways on the dirt in the subaru tonight, lots of fun!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! smile 
"there is something going down in <propmale>, literatlly 20-30 cops flew past me on the 408"
turbo weather!
"work sucked today, glad i'm off tomorrow tho"
"my car is slow  i did see a dodge durango beat a lamborghini murcielago tonight, which was pretty cool "
work
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"got off work early today  also signed up to help out on an upcoming extreme home makeover which should be pretty cool  wd friends ask your store or co directors, they're taking 6 people from each store "
i am worn out after today 
"got everything done for school by like 11 today and had some chick fila for lunch, great success!"
cant get to sleep  gotta wake up early tomorrow and go help on extreme home makeover
"i woke up yesterday at 4 smile 0a with only 3hrs of sleep, went to extreme home makeover, got home at 4p  took about a 2 hour nap  ate dinner at my friends house and <propmale> out for a bit, then went into work at 10p and worked overnight till 6a  now finally time for some sleep before class starts today!"
back from school
"just got out of work, now on my way to help out on extreme home makeover!"
"sleep time, finally"
"class cancelled, now have nothing to do till 430"
"just got back from another wd overnighter, dunno if i should go to sleep or just stay up"
"had an awesome day today, got to see the subaru road racing sti race around daytona, <propmale> out with suby friends, got sorta sunburned, and got my aa degree in the mail finally!"
time for some homework and studying
what a crappy day uggh
"homework is all done for the week, now time for some more new top gear  smile "
so excited just got my acceptance letter into my <propmale> and i got new car parts today!!!  smile 
looks like ill be driving around a brand new 2011 outback this weekend thanks mastro subaru!
"just started vacation for work, will be off for 12 days  vacation from school starts after tomorrow!  smile "
finally got my abandon kansas cd today!!thanks <propfirst> spring
back to work and school tomorrow nooooooo!
"one of my goals this year is to keep ahead of my payments and have my car paid off by the end of the year  also have a new top mount on the way, yay! smile "
"i cant wait! going to be driving with a bunch of subies on the tail of the dragon, in the tenn  mountains, in about a month! cabin is booked and driving routes already all planned out!  smile "
well i guess i should start working on that paper thats due tonight
starting to feel better
