07d2bbcf4cc984ec792f25c143c5e2b6
new years pictures on myspace   laugh 
got my belly pierced   smile  one more to go 
my neck feels like its trying to hold up a million pound head  i can't look down at all  i have a really bad headache  i feel like poop  (
gots a new tat 
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear "
i hate leaving my kitties at the kennel!!!
yay  i get to bring them with me  hahaha  they're gonna hate it!!!
so much for straight hair! ahh curse you rain!!
"worst \christmas\"" ever """
hooome  forgot my camera!
work in an hour  boo 
i made it up my drive way  woot woot 
gah  i'd be gone by now if lint rollers weren't hide and seek champions  
to read   or do laundry   that is the question 
i think i've put off cleaning this office as long as i can  laundry here i come  ugh  muuuuuuusic is in need 
what to get him for v-day  oiy  christmas was hard enough!!
eatin' fruit and starting a new book  text me 
home alone tonight 
five tips for women:  1  it is important that a man helps you around the house and has a job   2  it is important that a man makes you laugh   3  it is important to find a man you can count on and doesn't lie to you   4  it is important that a man loves you and spoils you   5  it is important that these four men don't know each other 
time to clean!
scratch that cleaning  get to go to work now instead 
i got my power back! wewt 
i need a new digital camera 
bought a new camera   laugh 
stupid facebook wont let me upload pictures 
hates being allerigic to earth 
sickly 
i fixed my kitchen door! all by myself  heck yes! mrs  fix it right here 
"updated the \event\"" i invited people to    go check out what i've got so far """
"dear laundry, quit being lazy and fold yourself "
i need a new tattoo 
"oh snow, you don't belong here "
decorating eggs in a little bit  woot woot 
sooooo worn out  bed time 
booreeddd  day three at the gym later 
sooo <propfemale>!
skirt weather! yes!
"just got done at the park with hampton, <propmale>, and her cute little family   smile "
soooo sickly 
just ate for the first time in 24 hours  maybe that'll help  hopefully it stays down 
work work work at 5 
"hey facebook, how about you work correctly for once    can you do that for me?"
"hooow did i let my house get so nasty!!!!???? bah  yet, i'm on here instad of cleaning  hmm   "
cancelling gamefly   sad  15 95 a month for one game at a time is just too much 
i have to take out my belly button ring   sad  again  guess it's just not meant to be 
already done with work for today  now what am i supposed to do?
ugh  laundry 
woohoo off till next friday! what's we doin!?
youre in the movies!
tiiiiiiired 
"one month, five days   smile "
might get my hair cut today  where should i go?
rawr 
off to finally give my car a much needed cleaning  be back in about 4 hours  ha 
"woo only took me 2 hours! clean, smelly good car!"
work till 11  come spend money!
today has sucked in little everyway  and things just continue to go wrong  i don't want to be awake anymore  goodnight 
maybe i'm bipolar  hmmmmmmmm 
done with work till next friday  haha 
seriously? laundry at 11:13 on a friday night??? that's my reality 
must   stay   awake   
lawton tomorrrowwww  i'm just excited to not feel like crap anymore!
ahh good shopping day   smile  got me some sketcher shape-ups 
sleepy sleepy!
pictures soon 
"wont let me upload the rest of the pictures  so i'll give it a break for a bit, try again later  some are up though!"
waiting to watch date night woot woot!
halooo 
bbbooorrreeeddd 
definately staying cooped up in the house till i have to pick up <propfirst> from work  not going near main street 
iron man 2 at 4 smile 5 
mmmmm root beer float   smile 
almost mall time   smile 
woo  new phone! htc touch pro 2!  folks with my phone number need to send me a picture so i can put it as your contact picture!!!
"pictures people, where are the texts with your pictures!?"
everyone fails except <propfirst> 
looks like it's an early bedtime for me tonight 
listening to loud folks be loud even though there has already been one noise complaint   playful  shhhh guys    shhhh     
bedtime  i supposed i'll be back up around 4 to pick up <propfirst>  ha  then it's back to sleep for me!
"work work work, back to work i go   "
i need to be cleaning  reallllly need to be cleaning  bejeweled here i come 
i have such a horrible headache   sad 
3 movies down  2 to go  i'm thinkin' credit for all 5 is not going to happen 
root canal in 30 minutes   sad 
no root canal today  good and bad  but apparently it's all my fault  i thought you weren't supposed to blame the patient??
i hate my air conditioner!
sittin  bout to head into the stadium for for graduation 2010 
pong with mystery liquid  wink 
tryin to decide if i should even bother trying to sleep since i have to be up at 8  stupid heat   ruined  my sleepy time 
bout to do my make up in the car  with an ac   i really don't want it all to melt off before i even finish putting it on!!!
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes   smile 
so tired of it being too hot to even move    
no more birthday party 
never mind  birthday party at madisons   smile  her ac works  haha 
i need people to comment this status to let me know you know the birthday is not cancelled anymore!!!!! i'm too lazy to mass text everyone   smile 
so who else has no electricity in altus?
tonight better still be fun 
"it's at my place again  the window unit i have cools the living room enough to be in there tonight  again, let me know when you see this!!!"
feels like listening to country  hmm   *itunes*
it wont let me upload the rest of my pictures  so it'll be a little while for the rest 
got a few more pictures up before facebook acted up again  try again later 
ducks and geese make me nervous  but next time im totally brining my camera 
rawr 
off to nebraska in a few! woot woot 
bowlin and winnin  yup 
omaha zoo is great! cant wait to see the big kitties!!!
been back in town since about 4 smile 0 and im just now able to sit and relax   ugh  welcome home 
hungry hungry hippo 
"bed time, work in the morning "
stupid phone   sad 
online shoppin   smile 
just ordered a bathing suit online  lets hope it fits! haha 
time to re-read eclipse for the movie  don't judge me 
my street is a river at the moment 
my dogs are babies when it comes to storms  ugh 
work  i'm so tired   sad 
gym time! time to go pretend i can lose this belly!
i could really use a wish right now 
why would you offer behavior science as a degree when you don't even offer all of the classes to complete it?
toy story 3 later   laugh 
what to do today      
"going to clean my bedroom  if you don't hear from me by tomorrow, send a search party   smile "
so  *sneezes*  much   *sneezes*   dust   *sneezes*
"<propmale>, you're gonna kill me with these gym workouts!!!! but atleast i'll die hot!  laugh "
i'm so sore! ahhhh 
rawr 
plaza in like 30 
sooo tiiirrreeeddd   bout to have to stay awake through work till 9   sad 
"eclipse was good, gym was good  now shower time then lego <propmale> potter!  laugh "
work work work 
woot! one week till we're back on the road to nebraska 
electric weed eaters suck!
"if i have my way, my house will be near spotless by the time we leave friday  i love coming home to a clean house, so lets hope i can get it all done!"
totally failed on the cleaning house before i leave  atleast the kitchen is clean   
yes! down to the last of the laundry  one in the dryer and one in the washer! i ran out of hangers two loads ago   
"nebraska bound in about 30 minutes! text me, i may not answer right away since i'm the only driver!"
<propfirst> h  woods telepone museum   best museum ever  bahaha 
such a push over!  playful 
gonna get blown away or were all gonna drown! this rain came outta no where yet were still tryin to get to a hastings on the way back to <propmale> haha
water park tomorrow!  laugh 
hoooooooome!
think it's already time for bed   
back to work in an hour   sad 
almost got a new <propfemale> today  talked myself out of it tho and now i'm sad   sad 
just made a wishlist on pancharmbracelets com     just sayin     smile 
haha  working mon-friday and still only end up with 15 hours   really?
can't sleep   annoyed 
that 'if you really knew me' show on mtv is depressing 
new do   smile 
just loaded pictures of my new do   smile  i loooove it 
nothing to do tonight   sad 
woot  i do have a friend!!!  smile 
what to do todayy   
lake bound at like 4!
good day   smile  now for some wal-mart then clash of the titans 
not looking forward to this grocery shoppin trip  ugh 
off to tha gym 
off to the gym again  alone this time   sad 
i can't find my cameraaaaa   sad 
"according to multiple websites, in order for me to be at a \healthy weight\"" i have to lose atleast 30 pounds   annoyed  i need more time for the gym """
woot  next tattoo design in the works!
bored out of my mind   
thinkin' it's about time for bed 
everyone always works on my day off   sad 
putting up pictures of ac's birthday party!
"\i was trying to find the notes for the halo theme song but then i realized i dont know how to read them so it doesnt really matter \""-andrew    sometimes i wonder about him """
rawr 
listening to afi  man   memories 
off to tha gym!
treadmillin and facebookin   smile 
goin to the plazaaaaa   laugh 
skate park dood  go 
"it's \stupid people\"" day at wal-mart  don't go  seriously i was in there 5 minutes and came out in a very bad mood   annoyed """
gym in 30  ugggghhh  it's workin tho! 3lbs in a week! woot woot 
halooooo
i've got a weird bad feeling in the pit of my stomach  i wonder what bad is going to happen  hm  
work at 10 in the morning  goodnight 
just finished watching the runaways  it was good 
headed to lawton!
so much for a day off! ha 
watchin our family wedding all by myself 
our family wedding was pretty cute 
"man, searching for people online is difficult  everything wants me to pay, and it's not that worth it "
laundry laundry laundry  
great mouse detective or <propmale> and company?
no work till 5 smile 0  then it's no day off for a week   annoyed 
bouta watch vampires assistant  haha 
work work work  two shifts left before i finally get my day off!
if anyone knows of a place i can put these flyers for hastings midnight release monday night please let me know  maybe your job??
lead singer of lfo died   sad 
screw you allergies!
one more long shift then it's finally my day off   laugh 
goin to tahoe in 2 weeks!
only 4 1 2 hours of sleep  guess that's what i get for staying up till 9 a m 
so i get home and im excited cuz the lawn is mowed   so i say something to <propfirst> about him mowing   turns out he didn't mow    we have no idea who mowed our yard today   but thanks!
really took off work for a 15 minute dentist appt  gah 
"this cough needs to go away, but instead it just keeps getting worse! ugh "
bout to start packin!
officially been up for 24  hours  been following my uncle in the 72 mile ultra marathon since 10 pm last night  hes on his last 20 <propmale>  we cant follow anymore so were finally stopping for breakfast!
bout to board the plane to la  maybe we'll see a celebrity!
we're hoooooooome!
i should really get to bed   sad  what a waste of time 
"back in that \all i wanna do is read\"" phase """
bout to watch iron man 2 outside on the shed! woot woot 
status update about sports #34587436   yep   still old and not so entertaining 
"\look we need some routendew\""-andrew wanting some root beer while thinking mtn dew """
time fer bed 
it's too early   sad  someone go to work for me   smile 
it's much too early for bed but this headache is making me reconsider 
someone come do my hair for me  haha 
i donated blood today   smile 
thinkin about tryin to go back to sellin stuff on ebay  definately need some extra cash without getting a second job 
i need to quit reading  even the murder mysteries get more romance than me  grr 
cupcake e playful eriments trial #2 about to start  i have more tools to work with this time   smile 
ahhhh watchin beauty and the beast  *heaven*
try the grey stuff  it's delicious  don't believe me? ask the dishes 
cupcakes are baked  now i have no idea how im going to use these decorating tools with no skills!
i hate my air conditioner and its moodyness!
is in a dress  weird 
finally uploading pictures from my big camera  i have stuff on here from november  hahahaha  <propfirst> still had dreads!
i'll be putting up the pictures from tahoe eventually theres just some i want to photoshop first so i must wait until i can find a little more time 
i'm about half way through the tahoe pictures  couple more days i think 
i need a maid 
i'm gonna be a lady bug for halloween   laugh 
i need to figure out what i wanna be when i grow up   annoyed 
halloween party tomorrow   smile 
my cat was sniffing stuff in a bag from goodwill   he got his head stuck in the handle hole thing   he flipped out ran all across the house throwing the items all over the place and ended up under the bed  my bed is huge therefore   i continued to enjoy my mcdonalds and waited for him to come out on his own so i could be the hero and take the dumb bag off his neck  oiy  (those that know my kitties   this was patches)
i need two super small safety pins   sad 
goin out in public as a lady bug! unfinished make-up though   sad 
cleaning up is the part i hate 
"so jeremie \went to go get the car\"" like  an hour ago  lol"""
halloween pictures are up   smile 
tonight is just not the night to sleep i guess  i feel like someone is stabbing my brain right behind my right eye (started on my way home from work)  i've been having crazy weird nightmares and i'm afraid to sleep because of the nightmares and the stupid brain issue   sad 
gah! i cant not wait to go to nebraska!
20 minutes till my 1-10 shift  man oh man 
what'd i miss?
mmmmm food from the grill  smile 
work work work 10-6 
gonna be soooo bored these next few days!!!
i wanna be a mystery shopper 
"<propfemale>, get a costume!"
about to learn the <propmale> of training a dragon   smile  just in case 
"i knew i'd like it, but that movie was way better than i e playful ected!!!  laugh  lol"
"gotta drive to lawton alone, in the dark, immediately after work to go pick up <propfirst>   annoyed "
excited to be in nebraska tomorrow   definately not excited to drive all the way there 
we're in nebraska! woooo 
<propfirst> made 2 kids cry and one fall down  meanie 
<propfirst> got the mindflex toy   
heading back to oklahoma in a bit 
"alright, now we're oklahoma bound   smile "
hoooooome and tiiiiiired 
sprint wont answer their phone  what kinda phone store is this?  playful 
gotta wait a week before we can switch to sprint   sad 
gettin our evos tomorrow   smile 
posting this from my evo   smile 
gots work tonight 7 to 12  midnight release for call o' duty 
someone please come figure out why my office smells of rotten eggs   annoyed 
so   sick   
pwnt  temperature at 100 2  sad  i knew my head felt funny 
spaggetti and meat ball ravioli makes it a little bit better 
enjoying my day lounging on the couch doing absolutely nothing trying to feel better  too bad i don't have some meeds that actually work 
alright i'm just not meant for sitting around all day  i'm freakin' bored 
plants vs zombies is stealing my life and my sleep 
who doesn't have electricity in altus?
i really need to be re-reading hp 7 
bout to rip these stupid nails off 
worked 10:45 a m to 9 p m tonight  definately exhausted 
one more reasonably short shift then i finally get two days off  definately excited 
ugh   annoyed 
yay! amazing jacket wearing weather   laugh 
burger <propmale> drive thru is ridiculously slow  ma<propmale> me late to get <propfirst> for his lunch  good job bk 
<propfirst>'s gettin kinect tomorrow! woop woop 
dance central tomorrow  all alone  i'll be amazing by the end of the day   smile 
gonna turn the music up way too loud while i do my hair   smile  'cause that's how i roll 
i love when my hair does what i tell it too   smile 
d-i-n-o-s-o-u-r
 annoyed 
can't spell crap without rap   smile  just sayin 
i don't wanna go back work 
what number to i call to talk to a human at the stupid theatre here!? i wanna know if hp is sold out tonight   sad 
ha  only two people here for hp other than me and <propfirst>  heck yes  i'm gonna start goin to the movies on monday nights 
victorias secret breaks me   sad 
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree!"
on average  how long can a tire last with a nail in it?
already hungry  no food till noon   sad 
made it to both thanksgiving on time  that's just how good i am 
"cupcakes done (and delicious) and deviled eggs done (not so good)  food may be done for tomorrow, but i am definately not ready to get up at 5 in the morning   annoyed "
'bout to head to work  oiiiyyy 
come buy movies from hastings! i don't wanna have to put them up tomorrow  blu rays starting at 799   smile 
black friday shift finally done  time to sleep   laugh 
i wanna get a make over just to see what they would do  hahaha 
i don't know how smokers can stand being covered in this stinch all the time! i smell terrible from only an hour!
so tired of being sick all the time  getting closer to deciding to go to the doctor finally 
almost done christmas shopping!
work work work! days off are few and far between 
these <propfirst> are annoying and i'm bored   bed here i come   smile 
geez  tried 3 different doctors before i found one that would take new patients! and the earliest they could get me in is tuesday  just cause i finally gave in and made this appointment   i'll be better by tuesday  that's how it works right?
i'm getting a kindle for christmas   smile   love 
my dog caught a squirrel     sad  poor squirrel 
two days off went by way too fast   sad 
i forgot how much i liked drake and <propmale> bahahah
really not feeling so hot  <propfirst> and i are both sick now 
sitting in the doctors office playing the waiting game  ugh 
11 a m  and errands are done  now to make an attempt at these dishes   annoyed 
procrastinaaaaaaating  the sad part is i'm procrastinating not because i don't want to get ready but because i'm just that lazy 
"i'm about to upload a video of ac that is mandatory for all my friends to watch   smile  actually i might be putting two, depending on how quickly this one loads "
bah! i need a stay at home job  i just don't get along with people 
doobie doobie doo 
bunch of guys bowling for wings from applebees  oh <propmale> 
bout to brave walmart for some freakin trash bags lol
happy christmas <propfemale>!  laugh 
pluggin in my kindle!  laugh   laugh 
murdy christmuck!
so   tired   
a trip to lawton is definately in order  i've got to spend these giftcards!  laugh 
anyone know what food places are open???
so frustrated!
can't sleep cause this stupid cough prevents me from breathing when i lay down   sad  i have work at 8 in the morning 
woo! 3 books on my kindle so far  one already finished  hahaha 
blood drive is back in town on tuesday  noon to 6 at the community center  people should go   smile  newspaper says you get a free pair of gloves  lol
so  were taking care of a lost little chihuahua mix lookin dog that showed up at the house  anyone know of someone missin a puppy?
check out the puppy pictures please 
no luck finding the family through vets today   sad  keep your ears open for someone that lost their puppy  definately chihuahua mixed probably with some sort of terrier 
finally going to get rid of this dog today  woot woot 
lawton today with <propfemale>  woop woop 
 annoyed  house still isn't clean for friday  haha
thank you <propfemale> for helping me clean my mess of a house!  laugh 
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age  remove yourself by searching your name, find the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy button to remove yourself  please copy & re-post so your fb friends are aware "
time for a nap!
work from 915 to who-knows-when  fun stuff 
kindle kindle kindle  smile 
definately ready to have my days off 
book shopping again  in the teen section  bahahaha 
anyone have a computer that still has a floppy drive? and does anyone know if the library does?
definately exhausted 
lawton today   smile 
bout to watch gullivers travels 
gettin my red lobster on  loooooooove this place!
worrrrk 5-10  so      excited    
what's goin' on tonight?
man  i am getting old and boring   2 a m  is a late night for me now-a-days  goodnight facebook 
rawr!
"more opinions on my note, yo! even if i didn't tag you in it  hahaha"
so  who else has no electricity?
good thing i'm off tomorrow  my legs are going to be killing me!
"\wait a second  are you gonna get some ground meaf?      did i just say meaf?\"" -<propfirst>       i'm dying of laughter in walmart """
work in 30 minutes   sad 
showa tiiiime
*yaawwwn*
disqualified because of a little ghetto tattoo on his neck  that junk is gettin removed!
what to do todayyy  
nutrisystem is ordered!
i hope it's amazing out tomorrow again 
shorts weatherrrrr!  laugh 
cupcakes   laugh 
i want zoo tycoon    the original rollercoaster tycoon 
okay time for new books  throw 'em at me  well  not literally please 
got half of my nutrisystem! not going to start it till after this storm though  don't wanna lose electricity and not be able to cook it!
it's all so ridiculous 
my dogs are lovin this! i would too if the wind wasn't so annoying 
my car did so good   smile  got a little worried in the united parking lot but it pulled through  woot  now for work with no customers 
 love 
my toilet and bathroom sink don't work but my kitchen sink and bathtub have no issues  wtf?
"off work, now what?"
pwnt  now none of the water works   how am i supposed to go without a toilet? leave everytime i need to pee? really?
woo pipes thawed  still can't use my own shower though   sad  drainage pipe seems to be leaking from the bathtub 
started nutrisystem this morning! now i have to keep myself busy somehow so that i don't think about how hungry i am!
"oranges are not appetizing when <propfirst> is next to me making a hamburger  sad      on the up side, he did save my computer from a virus   laugh "
3rd breakfast for nutrisystem=not very fantastic   sad 
man  i feel like all i've done today is read  geez 
"i'm hungry, so it looks like it's about time for bed "
"welp, done with that series also "
"i think i'm gonna make a \stuff i'm selling\"" album  but i'm feeling too lazy to take pictures of the stuff  haha"""
bored 
man  by the looks of all this stuff  i'm gonna have to have like 3 garage sales 
"scratch that \3 garage sales\"" it's looking like 14 """
"pwnt  i'd have to pay 60 dollars to cancel nutrisystem because i haven't done \at least two shipments\""   so its pay that or pay for another month then cancel for free  i hate the fine print """
skate park  haven't been here in forever 
definitely going back to bed after work   annoyed 
ugh! tryin to put up the picture of my table i'm selling but it's not letting me! super frustrated 
woo! garage boxes are sorted! except the holiday stuff  now the annoying part   going through the house picking up random things i don't want anymore   annoyed 
my tummy hurts!
2 weeks done on nutrisystem  8 lbs lighter   smile 
i really just wanna sleep the day away but instead i have to go to work 
today was    is still     awesome   annoyed 
off for the next 3 days  <propfemale>'s secret on thursday with <propfemale>  heck yes!
"i vote  in order to make up for ditching me last night, <propfirst> has to marry me  who agrees?  smile "
gonna watch due date tonight   smile 
"so sick, so sick of bein' tired and oh so tired of bein' sick "
to clean my car   or not to clean my car  
woo clean car! well  as clean as i could get it anyway! haha
i lost my camera charger   annoyed 
today was fun   smile  finally got to spend my <propfemale>'s secret giftcards from christmas!
pizza hut doesn't even compare to applebees  damn you everyone else in altus deciding to go to applebees! you made it too packed to go!
i need company while i try to gather more stuff for the garage sale  lol
i just do not have the will power to clean the house or gather things for the garage sale instead of sitting around being lazy 
pretty excited   smile 
lawl
anyone need wood? (mind out of the gutter please) we have a bunch that i am definitely not moving with 
so <propfirst> is officially gone till wednesday night   sad 
next last month of nutrisystem ships tomorrow  took out the crappy meals! unfortunately that means i'll be having the same stuff over and over because not a whole lot of it was great!
i think my drain is finally getting fixed tomorrow!!!
"anyone want some \decorative\"" pillows? bout to put 'em in my \""stuff i'm selling\"" """
bouta watch megamind i think 
work work work  <propfirst> will be home by the time i get home   smile 
washing the dogs=fail  my house smells terrible now 
so the plumber got my hopes up  he said he'd be here after 1 smile 0  it's almost 4 smile 0 now  i don't think he's showing    
gonna be another good night!
i would become more social right before we finally move   sad 
wasn't there a way to rearrange pictures in an album?
heck yes  pictures are amazing 
woo lawton bound here in a few 
today would be an amazing day if it wasn't so <propfemale>   sad 
<propfirst> says i need warm milk and a nap  haha apparently i'm cranky 
loves getting up to go to work 30 minutes before anyone is actually supposed to open the store  good thing my car is comfy 
woo i get to kittysit cripple!
shower time in my own shower!!!! after almost a month and a half i was starting to think it would never be fixed!
"got the shower fixed, got more contacts and new lenses for my glasses, trip to wal-mart is done  i feel very productive today and my plans aren't even half over!"
i'm adding to that new picture folder later  it's applebees time!
tryin' to decide which room to do today  i really need to get goin' on this garage sale 
gonna go attempt to start taking apart this half pipe  all  alone   sad  lol
trying to load a picture of the ring set but stupid phone facebook wont let me! grr!
ha work till 8  maybe i can get lucky and leave at 7 
cranky <propfirst> is out again today 
bout to take cripple to hastings with me  she gets to go home today!
cleanin' out the storage tomorrow   annoyed  ha i mean  getting handed boxes after they have been thoroughly checked for creepy crawlies  
garage sale is this weekend  saturday and sunday  come buy stuff!
it just took me like 4 hours to go through a box of pictures  sooo much stuff!
so much stuff! there's no way i can fit it all on my lawn!
done pricing things for the night  guess i'll just go with the flow in the morning and see what happens 
so    tired    
i probably should have realized the sun doesn't even come up until 7 smile 0 a m 
quit bein lazy and get outta bed! come buy my stuff!
lots of people that said they were coming by totally didn't  a little cold got you cryin?  playful 
"garage sale is tomorrow also guys  bout 10, maybe a little after, is when i'll be out there "
no garage sale today  probably have it again weekend after this coming weekend 
gonna watch it takes two after bowling tonight   smile 
pretty excited to leave on friday 
"action verb for a slinky? \i slunk yesterday   \"" \""wanna go slink?\"" these are the conversations <propfirst> and i have """
nice freezing walk around the reservoir with my <propmale>   smile 
red bull cupcake = fail
my comfy warm bed is callin' my name!
rawr 
"oh life, why can't you be easier?"
<propfirst> and <propfirst> just ate rotten soy milk 
80's glow bowling at 7!
man oh man 
allergies   you will be the death of me 
headin' back to oklahoma in the morning  as long as this weather passes us okay 
"\i gotta get the taste of this weiner outta my mouth\"" - <propfirst> """
"oklahoma bound starting now  be home late, making a stop in okc for the mall "
ready to move! and dreading the move  all at the same time 
i'm hoooooome!
