1359eafffd0f3422bb8a814194571d43
i definitely need to do that again!!!!!
sick   
our 1 yr anniversary is less than 3 weeks away! exciting!
what's it all for anyway??
"getting ready for traverse city tomorrow for wine, music, <propmale>, italian food and 2 hour sailboat cruises in the bay! happy 1st anniversary to us!"
post-trip cleaning and putting shit away
we are going to renaissance festival sept  19  and trying to get a group together  let us know if you want to come!
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!!   and happy birthday to the other 4 babies coming by this weekend!
<propfirst> has baby fever! lol
shmeh!
my beautiful baby is growing up so fast    *tear* happy fifth birthday kinsey!
is watching <propfemale> on syfy   
mezze   
is a homemaking cleanist
"happy birthday to <propmale> a  silva    february 10,1982-march 2, 2002    rip my old friend"
"thanks for all the birthday wishes! now, if i only had 10 dollars for everyone that told me that     muah!!!"
thanks everyone had an awesome day!!
cant decide whether or not i want to be freezing or sweating   ugh
watched law abiding citizen last night   it was gruesomely awesome in a calculating gory way   slaughterific!!
shoes!!
<propmale> loblaw   muahahaha!
"mmmmmm coffee, blankets, and mindless entertainment"
"momma needs a coffee, a backrub, and a new pair of shoes!"
great day to be up all morning with a sick kid    having a day long pajama party   
finally got the ac in! woohoo!
watching the food network channel and getting hungry   mmm nachos 
"bah stupid rain, stupid parades   awesome  ly bad "
 love 's chocolate!
i saved a bird   i felt bad cuz he was too stupid to fly out the garage door   instead it was trying to fly out the window   repeatedly  
i need a change of scenery
making banana zucchini bread   jealous? come and get some!
trying to put together a portfolio  
feels like crap  again  but accomplished many things yesterday  takin it easy today
got my resume done and sent out   now for a long awaited nap 
"going to \watch\""(the back of my eyelids) cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs with kinsey  """
migraine  cant sleep   must have caught the insomnia bug  
"still sick   nose is stuffy and drippy, throat is still hurting  and now a cough   among other things   could things get any worse?"
who gets a cold in the middle of summer? me   my chest feels like its going to cave in  
is looking forward to my bottle of muscato de asti
<propfirst> and i took kinsey to see toy story 3 today   i love those rare moments when all 3 of us get to do stuff together  
i see a tan line!!!!! woot!
kinsey lost her first tooth today!
interview tomorrow at the photography studio  wish me luck!
cant wait for girls day at the beach!
on to the next!
is hungry and alone 
is awake  
is finally home  its bittersweet
needs a new life  
cupcakes!
"hanging out at home with my beautiful daughter, getting to drink as much coffee as i want, and i finally got my laptop fixed  hooray for personalization!"
my baby girl is growing up  shes 6 today!
"kinsey and i went to the <propfemale> garden for dinner, then to the ballpark to see the xmas lights! the cute old guy working the booth let us in for free!"
is looking for kittens  
is looking forward to sitting home alone for the 3rd year in a row  
4 words  chicken bacon ranch wraps  
up in tc getting school taken care of  this city loves me i swear  the sun is  well was   shining! it will prob snow with sadness when i leave  
how do i concentrate on math homework when i can hear my upstairs neighbors fornicating? its weird and creepy  squeek squeek lol
i made the most fantastical soup ever 
finally got a new phone that i can access internet with  look out world im catching up!
sick kid + up all night = walking dead
happy 29th <propmale>
yea everyone  happy vd day! dont contract anything  haha
i  love  chocolate  anyone have some to spare? no one got me any  sad 
"dear whoever gave me your sickness, die in a fire "
every year around my birthday  bad things happen  i was trying to be more optomistic and accept my fate  but its starting  the bad things are haunting me  ugh  in returns pessimism: i hate today  
thanks everyone! your positive vibes definitely helped! my day is going way better  and now to the chop house for dinner  yum!
so yesterday my phone drowned in a toilet  and i lost everything  so if u want me to have ur # please message me  thanks
watching season 5 of the tpbs  eating pizza and drinking julians  and i cant forget aboot bubbles in his space suit! lol
just found out about the nmc <propmale> show  im definitely going to submit my birds 
awake!! i hate getting woke up at 1:45 am
interview showing off my photoshopping skillz at <propmale> photography today! wish me luck!
i love being woken up 2 nights in a row!
breakfast  its whats for dinner
