d5ceb7341210a48f21838eb02af5f181
"happy new year   glad i suck at life   where's my purse?  id, phone, credit card, debit card, cash    "
sooo mad right now  way to not be open fanatix! fml fml fml
"damnit!  purse is back, but my wallet was stollen   f!"
wow <propmale> can really put on a show!  smile   who's with me next year?
soxy game tomorrow!  i know they'll win!   smile 
"haha they did win!  gotta say, nothing's better than walking out of wrigley when the sox win!"
is kinda sick   bleh
why you gotta be so ghetto oswego?  now we don't want to walk out of work alone   stupid gang bangers
ugh get over yourselves <propfemale>     i'll be spanking my kids too 
yeah so getting a divorce and keeping the show won't be bad for the kids    riiiight
babysit your little dogs when they're outside at night!  our rat terrier almost got picked up by a bird with a 5 foot wingspan yesterday!
just bought dierks paisley tickets!!!! yesss!
is going to miss mj    ow
yay sox! &hearts;
yeah so i plan a trip with a few stops and the only days it is supposed to thunderstorm in any of the areas are the ones that i chose to be there    seriously!?  arizona is always <propfemale>!  =[
so we plan this trip during the time when bff <propmale> comes back    wtf!?
well well well    410 readings will keep me busy for the rest of the summer    almost 200 pages for a week of class!
arizona!  then road trippin it back with a pit stop in arkansas to see the family for the 4th 
in the mornin i'm leavin makin my way back to    yorkville (sorry it doesn't rhyme   )
home sweet home
"seeing grandpa, horse races, tennis tourney, ice age, and game night tomorrow!  phew!"
why is it july and cold? seriously    why did <propfemale> have to purchase pants while at an outdoor event?!
bored bored   don't really wanna work
is diggin having fight night off   goin out!
"work tonight, lots of hardcore volleyball tomorrow before <propmale> and <propfemale> leave"
is thinking about a serious board game
just kicked ringle and freffrey's ass at aggrivation!   smile 
"the sun and the sand with a drink in my hand, with no bottom   no shoes, no shirt, no problems  smile "
argh    why am i so worried about getting stuff done for school when it's july?
wow what's the deal this summer?
beach volley ball tomorrow then possibly a night at scoreboards!  fun times!   smile 
"more volleyball possibly, work a double tomorrow, meeting on friday, work til close, arkansas bright and early the next morning"
can i be 12 again?  <propfemale> sick of stress
"no seriously, can i be 12 again?"
what's with the ultimate weirdness lately?  am i on tv?
this much stress leads to really scary nightmares    > surprise   that is not my o face
is probably going to spend mad money today
no one told me that vodka and red wine do not mix!  ugh
"miss the family already, but still happy to be home"
"ugh so much to do, so little time"
yaaay!  <propfirst> is 21!  yesterday was amazing!
<propfemale> tired
excited for some good times tonight!
is so tired!  why scenes from the sixth sense kept me up when i haven't seen the movie in years is something i'll never understand 
ahhhh! i am so not sleeping tonight    mixture of fear of that scene in the sixth sense and excitement over <propmale> and dierks tomorrow!!!!!
is praying for a bad call made by many weathermen in the weather
"bad day so far, but i am still so excited for <propmale> and dierks!!!  and beer     smile "
off to see dierks bentley and <propmale> paisley!
i &hearts; <propmale> forever
last first day of school for a while in 2 weeks    ew?
"just requested september 5th off   <propfirst> aldean, here i come!"
omg really?
it's go go go until christmas!
really?  this kind of weather before a billion people move to college?  that sucks
baaah!  school next week!  not ready yet    annoyed 
rip granny rice =[
this is legitimately going to be one of the worst weeks ever   school 8-3    straight to granny's wake 4-8
i always hate the first two weeks of school =[
ugh study study study   time to not be so behind anymore
"if i could move like <propfemale>, i definitely wouldn't need to study ever again"
cannot wait til <propfirst> aldean!!!
had an amazing time with freff last night at <propfirst> aldean   3rd row!   smile 
fingers crossed!  or i'll give up and try my hand at singing   
psych clinical tomorrow     annoyed   thanks for the scares dr  v    i hope i don't get choked
<propfemale> tired!
is happy to have that test out of the way   even if i do get a miserable grade   can't wait for the sandwich fair!!!
phew! test grade wasn't too too bad   sandwich fair tonight!  gonna see me some tractors
come on now cutler   really?
let's get serious about school now until thursday when i am dying of thirst     smile 
is pretty excited for puting together this halloween costume!   wink 
can't wait for next thursday night    this week weekend is all going to bloooow
bears win an amazing game and packers lose!  haha yes!  good weekend!
time to get serious about school    ugh will someone remind me why i am doing this again?
can't wait for tomorrow night!  goin out with the girlies!
jameson's tonight!  be there or be square!
looong double ahead
mourning the loss of my tooth   can we drink to that?
is so bijiggity
is working on some new dance moves to some classic will smith
oh great    hey guys make sure you check your e-mail!  <propfemale> effed up and had to lower my grade   that's just great   i feel good about this 
peaches for free
ugh my mom ruined my high today   thanks mom!
pumpkin patch tonight and then quite a bit of studyin
ok or just studying   thanks crappy weather   =[
eww long double tomorrow with no bears    =*[  then a long week of studying    yuck!  then it's fall break!
studyin away until thursday   
wahoo!!!  break time!  it's going to be quite the night!   smile 
is so tired  
boomer sooners!  kill em!
ugh don't wanna close again  =[  but i am pumped for the breast cancer walk tomorrow!  supportin mi madre!
yay good times at the walk!  i got my bra grabbed a few too many times    honk honk!
ugh i will never know the name of this stupid song that i'm in love with!
who was being sweet and wrote on my car?
"dear god, why did you make me so awkward?  haha"
everyone better come to <propfemale>'s with me on sunday for sunday funday!  and my last day of being 21!
goin to arkansas to reunite and meet some amazing people!  be back sunday for sunday funday!  you all better be at <propfemale>'s!
thanks guys!  love youuu
"is always looking forward to thursday, but this one in particular!"
"this weekend is going to be a blast    no one come in to see me at work though, because i am going to look and probably smell like whatever i drank the night before"
slow down sister!
study study! ugh    at least i have an amazing weekend to look forward to! can't wait for the worrell hart bowl 2009! thank god for halloween weekend and the birthday to prepare my liver for what's to come!
t minus less than 24 hours until worrell and hart take nebraska!  everyone must attend!
game day!!! sooo pumped!  boomer sooners!  let's frickin kill them!!!!!!!
well i'm glad i drove 8 hours to see nebraska beat my team for the first time in like 7 years    whatev!  <propfemale> showed me a good time!   smile 
had an amazing weekend with her love! &hearts;
is super sick   blaaah!
"so guess who turned 11 today?  oh me!  just got back from chili's where the host looked at me straight and served me a children's menu, smiled, and told me to enjoy   then she walked away!"
feels like death   ughhh
time to get studyin
everyone excited for <propmale> vassar?!  i'll take that as a yes!   wink 
gotta get working on school!
really?  how did i miss the fact that there were 6 stitches in my neck!?
"happy thanksgiving!  and i am sorry for last night everyone   i'm sure you all got a call or text that was supposed to go to someone else   i don't remember, but my call history is there to remind me    ughhhh"
good deed of the day- calming a shaking kid down in wal-mart who was getting upset about not being able to get something or another and he had to take it up with the manager who will be looking at the surveilance camera   awesome!
ughhh is it lunchtime on december 17th yet?
last day of clinical is being spent at ric baby!  see ya in the city!
oh yuck!  here i go studying my ass off all day for one big fat test tomorrow   yikes!
2 monster sized tests and one big fat paper to go
"loves <propfemale> underwood, but why couldn't she wait until after finals to do her show?"
taking a test worth 20% of her grade for an 8 credit hour class tomorrow at 10am   i am going to throw up right about now!
passed it!  yes!
"big decisions, big decisions!"
is going to marry <propfirst> aldean or at least one of his song writers! &hearts;
oh man just one more really long day of studying then i'm just going to take this bitch!
just got her shit rocked   damnit!
"eff yes!  410 done and over, so here we come 460!  it's 5, i'm starting my night now!"
<propfemale> nice to finally be on break  smile 
time for a nap before a <propfemale> vu of last night! meet me at <propfemale>'s
<propfemale> christmas!
is sledding for the next two weeks
happy new years!  2010 will be amazing   seeing as i finally get to graduate!!!!   smile 
holy crap   i need to learn how to spell    civil   !
"ready, set, bake!  getting all fired up for some cake bakin fun tonight!  happy birthday mrs  hart!  we're probably going to set your house on fire tomorrow when we light it up!"
getting the game face on for some civa il war    which ever you prefer  better wear washable clothes this time
teal! &hearts;
lunch at flattop and 9th row seats at the bull's game   can this day get better?  i think not!
was jukin!  <propmale>   you are amazing!
is on her death bed  couldn't this wait!?  going to bed real soon
"dear nursing school, why have you made it impossible for me to have a life every semester?  why are you making it impossible for me to work this semester?  dang it!  love, <propfemale>"
time for a break!  showing my face tonight!
"good times, good night!  &hearts;"
"decisions, decisions!  so scary"
studyin away
is buying baby stuff!
keep your fingers crossed for me tomorrow!  so nervous  annoyed 
yes! i passed! now studying my ass off for another one on monday   gotta love my life!
is looking for her lover <propfirst> and his bff rigo!
has anyone seen my motivation?  does anyone have a cure for senioritis?
"dear nursing school,  why did you make me so i can't function without coffee?!  i never used to like it, let alone depend on it    thanks jerk sincerely, <propfemale>"
"loves the er!  but after a long day of stickin and pokin all over people, i got my <propfemale> when i had to get stuck twice to get tested for mono    aw man!"
"congratulations to anyone who has kissed me, shared a drink with me, or that i have spit on within the last monthish   i have mono, so take care!"
so excited for 96 hours of labor and delivery!!!  love my preceptor already  smile 
wonders how she managed to screw up icing cupcakes   you'd think that'd be tough to figure out    does that make me a genious then?
"sleepy sleepy, but almost over it!  smile "
"\i'm 22 as far as i'm concerned\"""""
thank god the colts lost!  we didn't need to see them win again
hey snow! get back up there right now!  christmas is over!
is still not over thinking the snowplow truck hit my house the other night haha
"stupid boy, you can't fence that in  stupid boy, it's like holdin back the wind "
"is giving up studying for lent   i'm celebrating the end of it for <propfirst>'s day    that's right, my <propfirst> is abdominal trauma this year    less than 20 days til spring break!"
one of these days i hope i grow up and stop talking to dudes that are tools!!!
haha you are lucky i love you <propfirst>!
well shit guys!  all i have left that haven't been mentioned are family members and <propfirst>!  oh and the guys you picked out for me on match com    thanks!
giving up peanut butter for lent was the biggest mistake i have ever made    we'll see if i make it through this week
is meetin with the navy and the army today!  <propfemale> excited!
"army=bad news    getting started on my navy application!  meeting with the air force in 2 weeks, and i'll most likely apply there too   busy busy girl"
last night was just what i needed to end my stressful day!!!  minus the very end    haha love you girls
how some people are able to sleep at night is something i will never understand
friday will be the best day of my life    back to blonde and a looong night to follow!  ash is in trouble
crawling back under my rock and not coming out until october   see you on the coast!
"happy birthday ash!!!!  i want to say that you won't forget this one, but actually    you won't remember it!   smile "
who wants to accompany me in a dance party study break?  i've got big <propfirst> style goin on track eight
i love the facebook pirate english   i am now a saucy wench born in octobarrrr
is a little tense    please excuse the bitchiness
little bit torn! damnit!  it's like picking colleges all over again
"ok    if you are going to give me a b, please make it an 87 or something   not an effing 92    bitch strikes again!"
so excited for ob tomorrow!!!  ready to catch some babies  smile 
"dear body, don't fall asleep while driving    k?  i don't want to spend more time at the hospital   thanks a million!  love, <propfemale>"
alright! this little pipskweak is in good health    thank god i will never have to go through that kind of physical again
i could not ask for a better clinical rotation    sooo perfect!  smile   ob is my niche!
"me & my some of my hoes are going to ludacris on may 21st!!!  let me know if you wanna accompany us   you know your heart smiles everytime you hear \move bitch\"" so just come with"""
girls gone wild tonight   naperville style! text me if you wanna come with or watch from afar
oh jesus    green beer + the shots of whiskey that some out of townie a-hole bought us = a lot of green puke   ps i'm still drunk and <propfirst> love- you left your shoes in my car you hobo
blow me st <propfirst>
"ready to blow this popsicle stand in t minus i don't even know how many days anymore, and i'm too tired to figure it out"
"to those bitching about the reform, if you weren't out there picketing, shut up   clearly you didn't try hard enough to be heard, and now you are just going to have to adjust to what you can't change "
can't wait to go to arkansas!!!  9 days  smile 
some people need to learn how to listen to the questions being asked    way to make yourself look like a douche in front of 70+ people
omg not looking forward to a 10 hour car ride alone!  who wants to come with me?  i'm good company!  haha
had a dream i went platinum but woke up a dirty blonde    sooo disappointing   time to schedule an apt with ash
"planning worrell and hart take arkansas 2010!  can it top worrell and hart take nebraska 2009?  it'll be tough, but i'm going with a yes!"
"collipark, hahn!  study break dance party with <propfirst> jones    who?  <propfirst> jones jones   all are welcome to join!"
"dear nursing school, blow me!  all my love (yeah right), <propfemale>"
"found <propfemale>, <propmale> marley, and some lfo but i am going to freak out if i can't find big <propmale> style   "
road trip with my partner in crime!!!  going to raise hell in arkansas this weekend   be jealous!
shower for little <propfemale> loos!   smile   so excited!
"\couldn't we do what we did last night again?  baby you and i'd be better friends\""  someone other than lo   guess the song!"""
sees the light! graduation = less than a month away
"if you love me, you will distract me   i'm super sick of studying for this comprehensive     annoyed   on a positive note, super excited for midnight football tomorrow!!!"
soooo excited for football in the dark tonight and the bonfire!!!  text me if you wanna come out and play!
"lookin back on the memories, black and white   i wouldn't change a thing that changed my life   for the worse for the better, i was gone, gone forever"
dance party study break to some good old dirty <propfemale> in 5
holy crap!  i'm going to be a nurse soon   this is huge
"dear laptop, really!?  you couldn't wait two more weeks before you decided to crash!?  thanks a lot! -<propfemale>"
two weeks from right now and i'll be one happy drunk camper
getting drunk before noon on monday after my last little bit of nursing school is probably going to be the only thing getting me through the next few days
"holy crap guys    we're almost done   when i'm not completely freaking out or reading, i'm praying for us all   we got this"
i can't believe i just officially made it through nursing school   this is huge!
is super excited for what is sure to be a bedazzling e playful erience at graduation tomorrow!
"did it!  holy crap!  i graduated college, and i'm basically a nurse"
time to study for nclex    too bad i have no motivation!  dance party study break in 20 minutes to country grammar
"taking the nclex-rn june 2nd!  time to really buckle down, because that's just over 2 weeks away!"
i got your note but unfortunately    (fill in the blank)
got a job offer for two weeks at a submarine camp down in big pine key!!!  i cannot contain this excitement!!!   smile 
planning for seacamp!!!! (which is not a sub<propfemale> camp    scubadiving and <propfemale> biology    i was too excited that morning)
"c'mon and pick your kitten   purr, baby, purr go ahead and say the words- let's go!"
is doing progressively worse on those kaplan tests    think my brain is officially fried
"dear god, \\if you are listening, please be with us tonight at bww   the hawks and fight night on the same night???  i don't think i have the energy for this   \\love, <propfemale>"
if i had a job lined up or no bills     last night would have been the night where i effing walked out of that place   people are effing stupid   we might need to not let gangster looking people into bww anymore if they keep starting fights
"study, study for nclex- wednesday, air force interview- thursday, hephzibah interview- friday    will i make it through this week?  haha!  we'll see!"
trying to not get too nervous    throwing in the towel at 5 smile 0 tonight    ready or not!  <propfemale> vs nclex at 0800 tomorrow   presale tickets for my reaction to the results on friday go on sale tonight at 9
done after 75 questions    fingers crossed
"b s n , r n !  it's official!  smile "
back   unpack   repack  
will be in arkansas sunday-thursday   can't wait to meet <propfemale> loos!!!!  sooo excited!  smile 
aww <propfemale> was born at 7:49    she was 7 lbs even and 20 inches long   sooo beautiful and has lots of long blonde hair!
i love <propfirst>'s version of the abc's    a-b-c-d-h-y-v   w   x    y and z!  going back to the hospital to hold baby <propfemale> aaaaall day!!!!
"little <propfemale> loos is home!!!  yay!  momma is sore, but looking amazing!  i hope she gets a nap in this afternoon   can't wait to go give em some love tonight!   smile   off to the lake so i don't look like a canadian when we go to mexico!"
"sad to leave <propfemale> so soon, but super pumped for <propfemale> and <propmale>'s wedding!!!!!!"
congrats to <propmale> and <propfemale>!!!  what an amazing wedding!  i can't believe they are already married!  smile 
finally has a <propfemale> bit of time to be lazy    i can't handle this at all    i'm being serious!
needs some aloe <propfemale> stat    ugh i'm screwed when we go to mexico   bring on the spf
mexico!!!  wahoo!  relax everyone    i'll be back thursday  smile 
"is obviously a terrorist in the eyes of a mexican    as i was searched, wanded twice, etc   happy to be home!"
ahhh!!!  love to come home to a professional registered nurse license!!!
"attention new grads- i just found out that burger <propmale> in yorkville is hiring    oh wait, i bet you need e playful erience"
shandy night tonight!!!! sooo excited!
what would jesus do?     probably say nice things and go to church   
i'mmonna wrastle me some catfish tonight
"oh man   fingers, toes, and eyelashes all super crossed tight"
let your soul and spirit fly   into the mystic &hearts;
"just when i thought i couldn't get any more mad a customer says, \jesus would skip church for portillo's \"" bahaha"""
got a call for an interview for a position at the women's prison in <propmale>!  time to grow some thick skin really fast
leaving for camp tomorrow morning!!!  so excited to be a real nurse for the week!   smile   be back thursday!
home again!  phew!  guess who got an interview at the va?!  me!!!  getting ready for that tomorrow!!!  smile 
interview went really well!  now i have to not go crazy waiting two weeks to hear back   
"the more boys i meet, the more i love my dog"
"you've been singin that same old song far too long, far too long"
i find out about the va this week    too intense!
ugh please pray for my uncle <propmale> =[
needed tonight to erase the week!  amazing  smile 
"i know i should be thankful for good big decisions, but i am hating on them currently    ugh, i don't know what to do   maybe i will take bww up on being their nurse"
"dear <propmale> vassar, thanks for swaping sweat with me today by wearing my cowboy hat   though i was drunk, i won't forget it!  love, a loyal fan"
wah!!! i got a job!!!  medical oncology at the <propfirst> brown va medical center in chicago!!!
"dear chicago cubs, you are welcome!  love, lady luck"
saddle up!   smile 
"t minus 19 days until i am a big girl forever!  <propfirst> brown, here i come!"
my phone is completely broken    i can't get any of the 11 texts from last night that i received or text anyone back   if you need me so bad that you are creeping my facebook to see why i haven't gotten back to you    that's why
"ingredients to make me the happiest girl in the world:  a cool breeze, a sweater, a big blanket, a bon fire, and some scary stuff   smile "
"dear cubs fans, help! i need an opinion!!! if i don't remember the sox losing due to high volumes of alcohol, does the loss count? this has me kinda stuck, but i'm sure many of you would know! thanks!!! love, <propfemale>"
ready for some haunted houses!!!  who's with me!?  ps- i'm kind of a chicken  smile 
just got back from an amazing dinner at texas roadhouse with <propfemale> and <propmale>!  my faaavorite!   smile 
wahoo!!!  tomorrow is my first day at my big girl job!!!
so <propfirst> brown is going to have me pretty dang spoiled!  don't think i'm going to want to leave the government!
highlight of the day- spraying a fire extinguisher and listening to asians yell car ni won won!  and then meeting an asian doctor who had a british accent   i say that's a good day for asians!
"is so sick and sleepy, but i've never been more happy!"
i like it on the kitchen table
such a happy camper!  &hearts;
got her first big girl paycheck today    holy #@%*!!!!  that feels real good!
this weekend was absolutely perfect in sooo many ways!  thanks to everyone who came out and made it so special!  i couldn't be much happier!
let's go blackhawks!!!  can't wait to cheer cal wagner on tonight!!!
can't wait to spend the day with <propfirst> for his birthday!!!
sooo excited for dinner tomorrow!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!! you guys are amazing!  i had an amazing night!!!!   smile 
&hearts;
make sure you take the time to hug a vet tomorrow!  they are some of the bravest people i have had the opportunity to work with   i feel blessed to have them around!  happy (early) veteran's day!
ah! so excited for my hot date with <propfirst> tonight to see <propmale> cook!
is sooo excited to see krissi this weekend!!!  that girl got me through nursing school!
is so excited to see two of my favorite girls in the entire world tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhh!!!!  it's been too long!
happy thanksgiving!  i'm going to go count my blessings    this is going to take all day!   smile 
oh gentle dental    thanks for not-so-gently raping my gums   i will not be returning in 6 months
"is one sleepy nurse    but really thankful to be a happy nurse with the best friends one could only hope for, a loving and devoted family that one would die for, and the absolute most amazing man a girl could never even think to dream for all standing by my side!  &hearts;"
has found the best man this world has seen   hot chocolate in a thermos with a new mug on my car at 530 this morning before work?  maybe i should keep that quiet so i don't have to fight those other ladies off!
ice skating at midnight with <propfirst> was a pretty fun way to start christmas!   smile   <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!  i love you all!
"whoa, whoa, whoa!  put dooown the chocolate!"
<propfemale> worrell: puting the ass back into compassion 
"when you're on this high, it's a sad goodbye"
"i was told i could be macaulay culkin's sister, because i look just like him     i really hope that was just because the family thinks that all blonde haired, blue eyed people look the same"
don't blame obama for the fatal blizzard   i personally jinxed that on saturday when i said i was blessed with an easy winter getting to work   thank you snow gods    this two feet is precisely what i danced for
"nervous to start midnights    first time doing it, and i get 6 shifts in a row     annoyed "
"i picture me twisted up in your t-shirt, pink lemonade and a squeaky porch swing    lookin' once, lookin' twice!  better get me a bucket of ice &hearts;"
"well if my life was an episode of touched by an angel, i was hoping i would be <propfemale>    not <propfirst>!  daaang"
happy <propfirst>'s day!  sooo blessed to have my very special <propfirst>!  &hearts;
back to b-dubbs!  t-minus about 2 weeks  smile 
is reeeeally looking forward to spending some time with her man tomorrow!!! that will be getting me through today &hearts;
baaack to bww tomorrow!
excited to see <propfirst> tonight!!!
trying not to iron my four-leaf clovers   i wouldn't want to press my luck!
got a prn spot at <propfirst> pointe surgery center!
is feeling soxy today
