3a32555f0eee18a9587b0edfcb27b71e
hasn't been online in millenia 
would like to welcome marmie aboard 
"loves the movie fight club, and needs more money to buy more books  <propmale> palahniuk books in particular "
"officeofficeofficeofficeofficeoffice! i'm ready for it to be 8 smile 0, now "
would like you all to know that it's 8 smile 0!
thinks july eleventh means free slurpees?
keeps forgetting how much she really dislikes facebook chat 
thinks moustaches make everything better 
needs to do stuff   smile 
wants to go to burning man!
is thrilled because she just figured out that she can turn her burning ambition to make dollhouse furniture into stop-motion animation sets  heck yes!  laugh 
how do you upload a new photo album? i so suck at facebook 
"thanks, guys, i figured it out on my own and forgot to tell you   laugh "
"really, really, reaaaally wants to go to bumbershoot!"
is with <propfemale>!  laugh 
just baked a blueberry pie   laugh 
is an aquanaut!
"really wants some tea, but is afraid that if she goes downstairs, she'll wake everyone up "
wishes she were asleep 
"45 640411, -122 63385  \broke into the old apartment-- this is where we used to live!\"""""
"is going to <propmale> matthews on sunday night, even though she missed her perfect playlist "
is not going to drive four and a half hours both ways on sunday  anyone want to buy some concert tickets? lol 
"would've told you before she took the quiz that she's an introspective musical word lover, but is totally jazzed that that's what her quiz result was "
she's lump! she's lump! she's in my head 
"has had rooster stuck in her head all day, and would like to blame <propmale> and his morning music show, but most probably should blame herself   smile "
just kayaked seven <propmale> 
slept for sixteen hours straight and woke up to fried green tomatoes being made and the frost   nixon interviews on opb  whoa 
had no idea how much she loves the secret of nimh 
"'s got callbacks tomorrow, too "
"really hurt her leg today, but has realized, strangely enough, that she identifies with quite a bit of the moral beliefs of the ancient greeks "
"would like to officially suggest -- after tech, after rehearsal, after band performances, portland youth philharmonic, menucha, after birthday parties and after school -- a long overdue, all inclusive trip to moxie's "
where the wild things are 
has been informed that her phone has been found 
"is pretending to clean her room, but is actually preoccupied thinking about too many things "
just spent a good deal of time chatting it up with a two year old and trying to catch flies with chopsticks  (i'm getting better at it )
is eating some top ramen while she frantically studies for the odyssey test tomorrow 
really likes runts  except for the banana ones-- those are just ucky 
is <propmale>   laugh 
the days get shorter and the nights get cold; i like the autumn but this place is getting old 
"happy birthday, sesame street!"
thinks that thirteen hours at school is a little much 
"oh, lucky lucky lucky lucky me again! i said it looks like i've got to use my feet again "
"i know where you're from, but where do you belong?"
has got a mind that's spinning like a tempest 
just heard zooey deschanel and <propmale> gibbard singing together and remembered why she loves the universe 
is trying to teach herself to play <propmale> of carrot flowers pt  one on guitar 
actually really sucks at guitar 
is much more smeraldina in real-life than she ever seems to be onstage 
is eating top ramen  c:
is going to go play pokemon snap because she really doesn't want to write an essay 
"just ate some candy-coated <propmale> mint minis and nearly had a heartattack from the tastiness  also, they're christmas colored "
"anyway, with my freeze-ray i will stop! the world "
"what's green, hangs on the wall, and whistles?"
"would tell you what she's reading, but the first rule about it is that you don't talk about it, so she can't "
but i still can't focus on anything; we kiss on the mouth but still cough down our sleeves!
"wants to swim in redinger lake, someday "
is making an octopus shirt 
is making something else that's a secret   smile 
"finished the secret something, but has to wait to give it to its recipient "
"is just now online for the first time in ages, and is totally in love with all of the inside jokes wrapped up in birthday wishes on her wall   smile "
gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love 
"has got +5 concern, right now "
isn't concerned anymore 
"wants to name her son deringer danger, now "
is wishing she had some capitano crunch 
"has basically given up on fighting for motivation, and really doesn't appreciate homework "
computer virus: defeated! human virus: undefeated 
": i wake up just about noon; my head sends a message for me to reach for my shoes and then walk  gotta go to work, gotta go to work, gotta have a job!"
is just done 
still gets really anxious when she hears grim grinning ghosts  it's inevitable 
just found out that the presidents of the united states of <propfemale> are playing the roseland in february  let's go 
has got coheed and cambria songs stuck in her head all of the time 
despises having the hiccups 
"\just rip and tear your way to crazy tasty town!\"""""
"is a mammal, more or less "
has basically stopped being concerned about things in general 
: that's what the cat said 
"just found a ridiculously large amount of cough drops in her medicine cabinet  they won't last long!  laugh  (ps, it's because i'm addicted to them )"
"was moving, but now she's not because people in this world are interesting and lie and basically, she's just ready to live in her own <propfirst> "
"has figured it out: there are things in this world that she loves, and she's not getting enough of them "
"is disappointed at herself for not being able to tolerate people  but man, it's not like they make it easy "
"kimya dawson, pop culture, tonight! $6, 7 pm  reaaaaally hoping my ride pulls through "
d:
i need to get away from this house 
"is pretty okay  but just found a spider crawling on the keyboard  it's little, but hmmm   "
might not be real  i'll keep you posted 
"fact: bears, beets, battlestar galactica "
is feeling so spunkified!
| <propfemale> gardner!
sicksicksicksicksicksicksiiiiiick 
"is altogether disenchanted  at the very least, though, she has tea in a travel mug and a pocket-size first aid <propfemale> filled with sesame street band-aids  she is ready to go "
"sweet dreams 'till sunbeams find you; sweet dreams to leave all worries behind you! but in your dreams, whatever they be, dream a little dream of me "
this independent reading assignment? not going to happen 
"is initiating a homework montage set to the ramones  hey! ho! let's go, <propfirst> "
"| when you hear about the self, meditate upon the self, and finally realize the self, you come to understand everything in life "
i'm glad i didn't die before i met you 
| eating cold ramen is like eating a brain   sad 
"| the world is full of sugar, and the world is full of spice, and it's all nice! and it's okay! because the sun is shining anyway, the sun is shining anyway  c:"
| maybe in another life when we are both cats 
"| let's go to sleep in <propfirst>, wake up in tokyo!"
has become nocturnal 
"is losing all touch, losing all touch, building a desert "
"| honestly, won't someone stop this train?"
"we must stare into a <propfemale> ball and only see the past, and into the caverns of tomorrow with just our flashlights and our love, we must plunge, we must plunge, we must plunge!"
"| oh, eyes, pace yourselves  we've got a long night ahead of us "
"he became my voodoo priest, and i was his faithful concubine! cumulus clouds, 84 degrees "
"i always kinda knew that we were gel, cause jam couldn't never shake like that!"
"| well, maybe i'm a little bit scared  i'm just consistently inconsistent "
| i stepped off the stage and took a piece of her heart 
"| i sat still in hopes that it would help my wings grow, so then i would really be fly "
"| i know you belong to somebody else, but tonight? you belong to me!"
learned today that waking up to the sound of your neighbor watching moulin rouge is a lovely thing 
"| it's so many <propmale> and so long since i've met you-- don't even know what i'll say when i get to you  but suddenly now, i know where i belong: it's many hundred <propmale> and it won't be long!"
"| oh, what a lovely way to burn "
| capsules or clowns?
would like to die while playing the game of life 
has met her alter-alter-ego 
| and this day i can still hear the sound of a life in outer space-- my dream girl don't exist 
| let the seasons begin! (it rolls right on )
"woke up in the morning today, and is incredibly disoriented as a result "
| why do you put up with me and my dermastronomy?
is baking cookies! estimated arrival of delicious: sundown 
"| good morning, stars "
| where have i been?
"| oh, yes, world of wizard rock  you just wait  we'll be there, soon "
is conquering cognition 
| good times for a change 
is only good at two things: spinning records and being a stone cold fox 
"| oh, life could be a dream, sweetheart "
felt the winter today 
is a mannequin 
can't believe how strange it is to be anything at all 
loves big brother 
| this is my united states of whatever 
"| if you close the door, this night could last forever!"
"has a super awesome mom! \ love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love \***logout next time goofnaught!"
"afffterr all that we've been through, i will make it up to yoooou!"
"| dear october, whoa  love, everybody "
"| hey uganda, i'm pretty upset at you "
| sleep is for busy people 
"| dear last night, i am in love with you "
is best served warm 
i love my momma sooooooo much! me go nighty night now      love  you sammi~mom
"| i'm exhausted  i'm going to wake up, now "
"| anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, monoxide "
is something between franny and zooey 
ouchapalooza 
| you don't have to live like that 
is still just a kid 
cannot decide between rogue and <propfemale> 
| wild things may say wild things 
"| if it's not love, then it's the bomb that will bring us together "
|  love 
"| <propfemale> jesus day christians, catholics, and consumers  happy december, everyone else  c:"
| good morning baltimore 
"| oh, dear "
is a sea witch 
"| say, lymph nodes, you're just swell!"
| my father is comparing relationships to pizza  why is this analogy so terribly accurate?
"| in this family, we e playful ress love through units of energy drinks and coffee "
| cellar-door 
"| i'm sorry mrs  <propmale>, i am for real "
| there are so many ferrets in this living room 
stepped off the stage and took a piece of her heart 
has made a terrible misnake 
| looossst innnn spaceeee 
