516d9403b834a2804d38994f447001dd
this has been a long ass week for all of us at work  thanks guys for everything you've done  love you all!!!
it has been a very long day at work  i am more than ready to go home and relax for the day  i just wish that i didn't have to deal with so much b s  sometimes 
this is way too much snow!!! i can't remember the last time i saw this much snow  we have gotten heavy snow 4 times in 2 weeks and a huge one right before christmas!!! i want it to stop already!!!!
<propfirst> can't have cancer      he is too young    i just can't believe it     
about to interview for a management position  hopefully i get it!!!!!
hmmm    been a long day    ready to go home and relax     
i think things are all falling apart around me and then something wonderful happens  today my brother finally decided what he needs to do to fix his life and i am so proud of him  i hope everything works out for him the way it should     
nothing is gonna hold me back!!! i'm a big girl now and can handle all my own shit!!!
wish i could just clock in and start working already!!!! i really hope today goes by fast
thank god it's friday  i am so ready to have my little baby with me  i miss her!
nap time!!!!!
"i admit it! i'm a handful!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, and outspoken, i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful then    post this on your status    i dare you"
hmmm    i really need to figure out what it is that i want and how i am gonna get it    
"tough girls come from new york    sweet girls, they're from alabama    but us texas girls, we have fire & ice in our blood! we can ride horses, be a debutante, throw left hooks, & <propfemale> with the boys; all the while making sweet tea; darlin', &if we have an opinion, you know you're gonna hear it! nuthin like beinga texas girl!!!!! if u r a true texas girl repost this!!!"
i don't know why i have to feel like this    so worried all the time that someone is about to screw me over     too much heartache     
let's see who is paying attention     everysingle one of you are on my friend list is a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!    let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention    copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who reposts wink  thank you for caring
a friend is someone who walks in when everyone else walks out 
ooh    i hate liars!
a man who hits a woman isn't a man at all
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
my baby got to go to the circus   i wish i had been there to see her face   sad 
"well, i'm off to bed   been a long day and i'm more than ready to crash     good night world"
i'm more than ready to go home! it's napping weather today! the sunshine needs to hurry up and come back!!!
i love friday's  they are the one thing that's guaranteed to make me smile! i love my little baby!
some bands are strictly for old people and little kids    glad that <propfemale> had fun at least 
oh! i ate way too much    should really learn to limit my food intake! but i love food so much!
my phone has officially decided not to work    gotta go figure out why when i get outta here  so sorry to everyone who just can't wait to hear my sweet voice  playful 
ugh!!! why do men have to be so damn stubborn all the time? the world does not revolve around you!!!
3 days to baby shower   lots to do!!
i'm done with the bullshit already     step up damnit!!!!
baby shower was a success!!! and now i get to relax and enjoy my evening!!!
today is a good day for you to dream  beware that structured forces may try to convince you that the route you want to take isn't exactly the most practical  you don't necessarily have to be practical in order to be successful or prosperous  use your imagination  let your creative spirit lead you to the next step  find true strength in your ability to recognize and understand the needs of others
why is it that just when you think you are starting to know someone you find out that things are not at all what they seem?
it's never been about how i feel or what i think     why can't it just be about me for once? 10 mins of pure me time would be nice    
"mother is god in the eyes of a child  <propfemale> protect and love them every day  keep in mind they didn't ask to be here, you made that choice for them "
i don't think i ever get enough sleep! so sleepy    wish i could stay in bed and snuggle with a special person     
"i think people should just quit judging others for what they do! let them live their own lives and be happy  we all have to learn from our own mistakes  until that moment   we are all going to do what we want to do  and for those who say if a person does certain things they're going to hell     whatever happened to \only god shall judge me\"" or \""judge not least ye be judged\""?"""
how do i just end this?
"hmm      yet another day in \paradise\"""""
mmmm     
when will the good that i've been waiting for finally come to me?
where are you when i need you?
it's been a much better day today (so far)  thank you all for being so great to me! i love ya all!! *muah*
got absolutely no sleep last night  spent the whole night tossing and turning  just one question    why am i so damn misunderstood? everytime i have good intentions they end up biting me in my ass! well i'm done  if you don't like the real me  go get fucked!
"true heroism is remarkably sober, very \undramatic  it is not the urge to surpass others at whatever the cost, \but to serve others at whatever cost - <propfirst> ashe"
get to file for my divorce on tuesday!!! yay!!!
blah blah blah   ya de dadada!
does he want to be dead before he even gets the <propmale> to see his father? doesn't he know that people really care about him and that bitch only cares about the next hit? what's more important    drugs or your family and friends?
thank you for always cheering me up! *muah*
this is starting to get really irritating!!!
some people need to learn to control their tempers    and not cuss me out for doin my job the way it should be done    stupid custodians!!!!
here's to knowing that things are slowly getting better  all it takes is hard work and persistance  my advise to everyone is to never give up on what you really want  work to make your dreams come true  love my friends!
there comes a time in our lives when we have to stop thinking about all the wrongs done to us and move on  wallowing in self pity will get us nowhere in life  sadly most of us have to learn this the hard way 
if you're brave copy this in your status & see what people rate you   (1)crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4)sarcastic (5) loveable (6)kissable (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10)weird (11) wild(12) goofy(13) funny (14) awesomely awesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful(17) cute   (1 smile  sexy (19) slow (20) no words can e playful lain---kind of scared to read what people think!
a word of advice: survival is not about who is the strongest or who can hurt who the most  it's about knowing how to keep yourself out of situations where you have to fight to survive 
now is the time for me to do what's right for me and my daughter 
ugh!!!! i hate the rain!! why does my house have to flood every big rain storm we get? how do i stop it? gonna be up all night trying to clean this mess up and stop it from getting worse!
oh so tired this morning     not looking forward to a long day at work at all    blah!!
you never know when something is going to come along and change your life forever  don't be afraid of change 
i really need to make a few changes in my life  i'm more than ready for my new beginning 
why is it that things decide that they are gonna fall apart for me at the world's worst time? it's a very good thing i am who i am   otherwise it might all be enough to make me snap    
"if it weren't for my friends, i would be lost  thank you all! i love you guys!"
water just broke   so hopefully we get to meet addison soon!
"baby addison is here! she was born at 5  as soon as i have more details, i will let you all know!"
ready to go cash my check    then pay bills! plan on relaxin all evening   after i go pick up a dog!
"am sssoooo ready to get home, shower and relax for the rest of the night! been a long day with 1 long drawn out meeting! good news- my <propmale> project that i've been working on for the past 3 months is finally finished!"
only have to make it through 1 more day of work then the wonderful weekend! can't wait for my trip to texas! i've missed my family so much! it's been way way too long!
"in less than 72 hours, i will be home visiting with all my family that i haven't seen in years! so excited! was a very peaceful weekend with my baby girl!"
no longer going to texas! sorry family! love you all and wish i could see you  i will be going to home at another time in the next few months!
">rest in peace nutter butter! you will be missed<\this is all really hard to believe! an unarmed man shot by the police!?!? what kind of world do we live in where people aren't safe from the people who are supposed to protect us?"
so tired   wish that i could just go home and crawl into bed    feel like shit! goodness being a woman sucks sometimes!!!!
i'm so excited that my mom will be here in a few hours! i've missed her so much  it makes me feel like i'm gonna cry just thinking about how long it's been since i've seen her  now i can't wait for the work day to be over 
so happy to have spent the evening yeaterday with my mom family  felt great to have my mom on one side of me and my baby on the other  feeling very good today 
been kinda a rough weekend  had to deal with some shit that i didn't want to deal with  but it will be getting better sonner rather than later    i hope
today is going to be a good day   i can already tell
things are going to get much better from here on out  i am way too stubborn to loose this battle  thanks for the help    
things are great!!! thank you to all my very good friends for helping to make things happen  i couldn't have done it all without you!
why must the simplest things be so difficult to take care of?
"i have carried a child within my body   i have comforted a baby on my chest   my body is not magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror isee a mother, and there is no greater honor or blessing! make this yourstatus if your proud to be a mother! i love, love, love my beautiful    babiy! nothing better than being a mommy!!!"
it is going to be a great day!!!! in my house now and getting it all cleaned! ready for some furniture and then i will finally feel at home!
"so tired today    but good news is that my house is finally becoming a home! i am so excited    still a lot to do, but we are on our way there! yay!!!"
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  (i grew up saying this in school every morning- it's a shame we can no longer do that for fear of offending   someone)  now,let's see how many ame      ricans will re   post        !!i am proud to be that american and stand for what i believe in"
"i am looking to adopt a dog in need  as much as i would love to take a puppy, i am more intrested in rescuing a dog that is in danger of bein put down  i want a dog that will get along with my 4 year old daughter and be a good guard dog  if anyone has any information to help me find what will be the newest member of my family, please send me a message! thank you!"
sometimes i don't know what to do   how to handle certain things! i spend all week teaching my daughter manners and then she goes to her dad's house and comes back to me with worse behavior than the week before! what am i gonna do?
i feel so sick right now    and lost
uuugggghhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! i freaking hate men!
"my mind is made up: i am going to find out exactly what is causing my daughter to act out and then i'm gonna handle the problem  and he can get as angry as he wants at me, but if he really thought about it (or cared) he would see that i am doing it for my baby!"
"i have carried children within my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed booboos, mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom,       and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if you are proud to be a mom!"
i am determined to make today a good day  i will find a way to aleviate my stresses and hold my head up high  i am a strong and independent woman!!!
i like it on the dining room table!!!
another good day today! yay!!! with the type of friends i have it's hard to be in a bad mood   especially cuz it's friday!!!
"some days, a person just doesn't want to climb out of bed and face the world outside their door "
wost day ever!! where is my shoulder to cry on?
when will this discusting hallow feeling go away? when will my head stop hurting and my heart stop crying?
court at 10am monday  hope all goes well   wish me luck    
he must be scared    hahaha    a continuance? really? it's not a criminal case   no need for an attorney! he just needs to do the right thing and keep his dirty hands to himself!
feeling very good today! maybe special people just make me happy!
gonna be a wonderful day    thanks for the help!
been a great day! had tons of laughs and smiles thanks to my wonderful friends and co-workers! i love you guys!
"it's really sad when you smell a semi full of cows and get homesick! but   what can i say, i'm still a country girl at heart!"
some people thing they are smarter than they really are  ha! you're not foolin anyone!
"??your daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold \your heart for a lifetime  it's national \daughter's week\"" so f you \",516d9403b834a2804d38994f447001dd,gonna be a good day today!
internal storms are a bitch! now to get through mine in one piece    hmmm
feelin good now    chillen with my baby girl and watchin a movie before bed! i love my <propfemale>! no one holds a candle to you baby!
uuugggghhhhhh!!!!! my mouth hurts so damn bad! wtf!!
today is one of those days when i really really dislike human kind    especially certain humans    
"at age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom don’t know much  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16: mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35:before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks    about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world!!!"
gonna be a long few weeks   thank you <propfirst> for the talk last night! love ya big bro! (you too <propfemale> and all the kids)
oh    what i wouldn't give to be able to have the man i want in my arms tonight and every night! i think i deserve to have a great man!!! ooh   and to not be sick anymore   lol
got a call from <propmale> last night   and today while i was at work   very strange    but i still never got to talk to him! hopefully he doesn't just disappear for another 6 months!!!
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and your picture in a frame  your memory is a    keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms, i have you in my heart  re-post if you love someone in heaven "
it has been one of those weeks that seems 10 times longer than normal    
why can' i just open my mouth and say what i need to say? i hvae never had a problem speaking my mind before!
some people! i freakin swear!
"some things are harder than they seem, like holding ur head up when everything around u is falling apart  but in the end, everything will turn out the way it is supposed to    it'll do me good to remember that     "
good morning everyone! it's going to be a wonderful day! thanks darlin!
who actually knows me? i will be very impressed with those that can answer all the questions that aren't family  first name____ middle name_____ last name_____age_____birthday_____eyecolor_____ hair color_____ nickname_____favorite color_____bestfriends_____ favorite sport to play____ post this as your status to see who gets it right!
going to be an intresting morening    got court in 1 hour! woo-hoo (can you hear my sarcasm?)
guess some people just don't know what's right and what's wrong! grrrrr!
blah! some people man!
it's been a very long day    my head is swimming with crap that needs to be taken care of    i really wish i had the support i need    
horoscope told me to allow myself to be lazy today    but nnnnooooo    boss lady won't let me leave work! hahaha    love ya <propfemale>!
i really freakin hate bad dreams     here's to hopin they get better    
i am truely blessed    
"<propfemale> with her play cell phone: \ugghh! mom all my friends are messaging me at once  they just won't leave me alone! they have too many questions for me\""\",516d9403b834a2804d38994f447001dd,gonna be a good morning!
my baby is getting so big! there are times when it's easy to forget that she's not even 5 yet!
i need to calm my temper so that i can get to sleep    some people really get under my freakin skin!
"we\are asking everyone to say a prayer for the us \darkhorse\"" 3rd \",516d9403b834a2804d38994f447001dd,"every relationship rests on three legs: accepting, supporting and challenging  that's really it, isn't it? you want your relationships to be grounded on accepting each other as you are  on supporting each other through the inevitable ups and downs  on challenging each other to become more, to grow, to flourish "
"join the fight against child abuse  change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same   "
it's been a very long morning   gotta catch up on some of my work today!
really freakin tired of all the bs!!!
this state does not know how to assist families who need it! grrr    i f**king loathe kansas!
"i miss my best friend   years of laughs and late nights     and i haven't seen him in a long ass time! <propmale> dahl, ur the best friend that i have! when you finally find the time in ur busy schedule, come see me and ur god daughter!  love "
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please repost  thank you! uncle <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>! love ya all!"
i got <propfemale> a hampster for her birthday only for the thing to have 7 babies the very next day! anyone want a hampster?
"if i had a dollar for everytime someone decided to f**k me over, i would be a millionaire! why can't i just hide under a rock and forget everything?"
"if you want your kids to start talking to you, just pick up the phone and pretend to be in a deep conversation with someone else  playful "
tomorrow is <propfemale>'s 5th birthday party! oh my baby is getting so big   mommy loves you <propfemale>!!  love 
<propfemale>'s 5th birthday party today!  i have a whole lot do to still    woohooo!
been a long day sittin around not doin much    why is it that i am more tired on days when i don't do anything than days when i am doin somethin that is very labor intensive? blah!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope you all have a wonderful and love-filled holiday   i know i will  there is nothing better than seeing the excited glint in my baby's eyes as she gives gifts! lol   yes she gets more excited about giving gifts than getting them this year   makes a mother proud!
i'm so tired of this repetitive an lonely life of mine   lol   what i need to do is run away and figure out how to make my life right   but me doing that would cause pain for other people   so nevermind that thought   lol  i am a very mixed up individual 
happy birthday to my aunt <propfemale>! you're a great aunt and i love you and miss you! hope your birthday is great! all my love!
inbox only  2010 is almost over  confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask me  [100% private] put this as your status  you might be surprised
hello everuone! i have 5 baby hampsters that i am looking for homes for  they are about 4 weeks old and ready to go! give me a call or send a message if you are intrested! thanks!
wonders why some people put them selves before their children  when are you going to realize your actions will affect their entire lives?
"there isn't a better feeling than walking into a room with your hair a mess, pj's on, and mismatched socks and your child saying \mommy u r so beautiful\""  love """
woohoo! <propmale> will be here tomorrow! i am so excited! can't wait to see you brother!
blah    middle of the night call to come and sit here being dispatch   woohooo! after an hour of sleep   let's see how long it takes me to turn into a snail   
ugh! meetings all day everyday it seems like    oh well    at least i write fast
i really love my beanie queen    she knows how to keep a smile on my face 
<propmale> is a cookie monster! arrghh!
this stupid snow and cold weather crap has got to go! it's cold and miserable here! stupid kansas!
i'm so f'in smart that i make smart people look retarded!
"if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now days without being labeled   so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit  repost this if you're proud of who you are!!"
came into work extra early today so i am off in time for <propfemale>'s baby shower   so tired! i am so excited to meet baby <propmale>! congratulations <propfemale> and bren   you guys are gonna be awesome parents!
i can not stand being used and i am not stupid enough to allow it to continue  what i need to do is going to cause a lot of pain but it will be better for me and my baby    alanna is my priority more than anything or anyone!
last night was an eventful nigh that ended with me and my puppy finally snuggled up in bed together in a completely silent house!
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have an amazing sister, put this as your status !! ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
i love my life  i surround myself with amazing people who are here for me always  thank you all for all that you do  you guys are amazing! love y'all!!! muah!
"only an aunt can love like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and behave like a friend  if you're an aunt that loves your nieces and nephews, post this to your status!"
"so you ask   do i work? uhm yes, i work 24 hours a day  why? because i am a mommy, i am an alarm clock, a cook, a maid, a teacher, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a security officer, a photographer, a counselor, a chauffeur, an atm, a jungle gym, & a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick pay, or days off  i work through the day & night  i am on call at all hours  post if you are a proud mommy? !!"
"if a person takes responsibilty for their own life and believes that good things will come, things will turn out the way that they should be  have faith in yourself and all things will be for the best  life is what we make it!"
"i am the sum of my e playful eriences, good and bad, they have made who i am today, so i live a happy person with no regrets and a little more wisdom each day   \\*an after thought* pain is inevitable but suffering is a choice "
"there is no greater happiness than freedom from worry, and there is no greater wealth than being content with life "
"nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anybody can start today and make a new ending  here's to a new ending  smile "
to <propfemale> and brennan: congratulations you guys! <propmale> is absolutely adorable! you guys did a great job! i am so happy for you both! if you ever need anything let me know! i'll always help any way i can  love you both!
if it isn't one thing in life then it's another  but i guess that's just life   take it one step at a time and everything will work out (that's what i keep tellin myself)
