a8a56e5d1603740ea1447eb37495c215
has tethered his iphone to his macbook    is facebooking while driving illegal?
college cheerleaders keep getting younger and younger    or i am just getting older  sad 
if compromising is so difficult for our politicians    how can we e playful ect kids to understand the concept?
i am going to make some sort of dessert and have no idea what to make  anyone have any suggestions?
if wvu wins tonght    i win the pool!
working on easter     so dumb   
161 more games to go    smile 
"i am going to attempt to replace a serpintine belt today    i think i will video record the events and start my \how to make things worse\"" series on youtube!"""
je veux ton amour et je veux ton revenge 
i would like to thank bono for making me realize i do not have to be good at singing to do it 
why can't the bills make moves like the jets?
is kind of a big deal   wink 
my cell is fully charged waiting for a phone call from the team that drafts me 
happy may day everyone!
"\delight yourself in the lord and he will give you the desires of your heart \"""""
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!
way to quit on your city cavaliers   
3-0 celtics    maybe <propmale> will stay home for the next one too  smile 
lame!!!! is the best way i can sum up the how i met your mother season finale   
i might have broken a sweat thinking about working out 
<propmale> galarraga got the short end of that stick   
put a fork in me    i am done!
happy father's day to all the dads out there 
wait    wut!?!?!?
i think i want to see another country 
earthquake!
that earthquake was crazy! i am glad i was able to feel it 
if lebron goes to miami it will be like team usa from the <propfemale> games without the guy who actually won the game  smile 
thinks it would be cool to be a vampire 
if science fundamentally changes our understanding of the universe and stuff i learned in school is false    can i get my money back?
"hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end  -  proverbs 19:20"
17h 20m!
armageddon reminds me why we are lucky to have <propmale> aflack  without him we would have been struck by an asteroid!
happy sc2 release day!!!
i hit the edge of the internet and there is nothing worth watching on tv   sad 
i'm only happy when it rains 
does anyone have opinions on dslr cameras?
i go to get my telescope out and the clouds come rolling in   
anyone have any links to info about gluten free foods?
football!!!
ordered from the gluten free menu at uno's  they served my salmon with a bread stick   
watching the 700 club 
poor <propmale>    i hope he finds a team and lights it up  too bad his first 2 games couldn't have been against a defense like the patriots 
skynet has become self aware 
i liked football better when there was a team in buffalo 
i think i love the grainless baker!
"i don't want to grow up, i'm a toys' r us kid, there's a million toys at toys 'r us that i can play with! more bikes, more trains, more video games, it's the biggest toy store there is! i don't want to grow, because then if i did, i wouldn't be a toys 'r us kid!"
"between me and my brother, we know everything "
working on the weekend is fun   
i just found out i have the coolest grandma in the world! she took my little cousins to the race track and casino!
finally signed up for the netflix 
did you know that the polar caps of mars are also melting?
i should really start my packing 
it sure doesn't feel like 4:25 in the morning   
diablo 3 is the awesome!
only a few more hours left to get into trouble in ca and the party is across the hall 
no trick or treaters again this year! maybe next year i will turn on some lights  lol!
happy election day! remember to vote early and vote often!
i figure this is a good place to announce that   
<propfemale> christmas to all my christian friends  good morning to all the peeps who don't celebrate the birth of jesus 
thank you all for the birthday wishes  smile 
should i watch the super bowl or titanic ii?
happy birthday <propfirst> <propfemale>
just scheduled my first lesson! w00t!
first violin lesson down!
i learned how to play jingle bells!
d d a a b b a   g g f# f# e e d
i love the start of the baseball season    the pirates are on track to win 162 games this season!
