a7a6be0ad51265694828e6c52c7b6501
these fireworks are are fire hazord  good thing the shockwave from the blast will put out any fires started 
oh yeah  scary dreams 
"new favorite song\i can feel a hot one by manchester orchestra"
almost died due to poorly made fireworks
discovered large patches of missing hair from last nights fireworks
i returned home battle torn and bloody  all i have to say is my regien of terror over crestview has been renewed!
todays battle unfortunatly ended in defeat  nearly lost my best friends head to sporadic gunfire coming from the mouth of satan in bush form
oh jeez
kinda pissed i couldnt get my schedule im stuck babysitting my brother til 3 smile 0
isnt great to know your mom hates you for nothing
"zuraff\brunson\merritt\grant\mr  lowrey \soccer"
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, me, and a trunk full of fireworks  its not gonna end well"
"i love having my friends over  \\to hangout with my mom "
its offical shes a lady creeper
todays bombing run on crestview ended tragicly with the loss of a well known well respected comrade  <propfirst> evans has been captured by nazis and was taken away in their machines of death 
well im done
"text me\902 7513"
is anybody else being forced to do this retarded summer assignment
<propfemale> has the greatest things
i had no problems today
"so im a champ\\i could survive 45 seconds in a ring with a pissed off <propmale> <propmale>"
personally i was overcome with joy that we had completed our adventure  our new found motivation carried us the rest of the way home  i am now at peace with my weekend 
"with pain, low morale, and no more food and very little water we thought our journey to be at an end  with one last push we decided to advance just a little more  god had seen this and admired our bravery  he rewarded us with clear skies and a welcoming breeze "
i almost died today  god had shown many signs to say our quest was not to be completed  we ignored them  he sent his lighting to rain fire from the heavens  we were not fazed  stinging acid rain poured down  we were slowed but trudged on 
your welcome for my greatly true story
today ended with a celebration  lights and e playful losions were involved 
my tale is now avaliable world wide for no more than $19 95
wow my family sucks to be around
this really scary <propfemale> vet just came to my house im might cry from fear of his life
apparently <propfirst> garcia doesnt love me
theres a <propmale> im gonna get to pet a lion!
i love people who refuse to wait to tell you a story even though your on the phone
offically a memember of the flat earth society
"apparently <propfirst> evans loves dragon force, disturbed, and hollywood undead!!!!!!!!!!! does anybody else feel like disowning him?"
so <propfirst> evans and i are now lumberjacks  indecision 
so im building a raft
"down to your soul - right away, great captain  \\new favorite song"
i love getting yelled at just for being there
i still enjoy the waterpark at twin hills very much
im pissed
anybody else wish they could go anywhere but home everyday
so according to bonequisheante' my black name is j-kwon
fml
its great to know everything about nothing
so i guess from what im being told right i am a complete waste of skin and a douchebag to everybody i meet
ive been told many times today that my hair is great  i would have to agree 
ugh boring day  text me 
uuughhh i have to go to lowes tommorow for a few saws and an unnecessary amount of rope for the raft  annoyed 
so i ignored my warning about not eating anything with green apple soda  never again 
so ive got a great movie to watch this weekend
ugh greatest dream ever 
wow i watched a great movie  its over and now im of course theres nothing to do but leave
ive been inspired
"so on todays adventure i found some very odd, used, and out of place items"
i cant stand people that only help to get something better for themselves!!!
0why live a perfect life filled with nothing but your own self centered complaints and misery  when everything around you couldnt be better you still tend
0 to find the worst in things 
the person that complains of being miserable simply has no <propfemale> to be happy 
people better ready for some akward hellos tommorow
"\surely all americans have the right to give their money only to those causes which they support  but what kind of society has this created? a society where the ignorant reign  a society where enlightened must hold their tongues  a nation whose politicians must profess half-hearted devotion to an ancient fable or face the disastrous consequences of speaking their true mind \"" <propfirst> mccandless"""
this guy has changed my view on life 
"sooooooooooo fantastic mr  fox \\one of the funniest movies this guy has seen "
if you get a random text  its from me
"you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships  god's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can e playful erience  people just need to change the way they look at things  -\<propfirst> mccandless (a hero)"
so im enjoying making akward conversations today
chillin with <propfirst> evans  i love this guy
"so i have been forced to apple bees to listen to my mom complain about me, the birthday dinner were having for her and its her idea  fun night "
somebody might have to die!
alright so far were good nevermind false alarm
"today belongs to a true hero, a champion, a life long friend   \\my hair\with a majestic roar, a beautiful show of power, and the will to surrivive my hair has foughten off invaders, demonic blades from hell, and satans persuasion  even though they flee from this brutal defeat, me and my mane know they will return for another glorious battle of the ages "
well after this enchanting war i am battle torn and tired i must recooperate for when hells gates open yet again
here i am eating my ice cream minding my own bussiness when all of a sudden i felt something not icecream like in my mouth  to my surprize i found a ball of metal  assassination attempt? i think so 
so im almost positive the auto motive teacher had a heart attack or something in the hall way after 5th pd  it was akward and scary
is meeting of bunch of ww2 vets  indecision  im kinda scared
i am standing in the hall of heros  it is in no way a hallway but ive shaken the hand of every vet in there
i am standing in the hall of heros  it is in no way a hallway but ive shaken the hand of every vet in there
ive got no new info on mr  brookes  does anybody know if he's still kicking?
nice relaxing quest down airport  no problems until the volcano e playful loded and sprayed the road with <propfemale> evil rocks to destroy my barefeet
its been 4 days and still no news about this tragic event that has taken place in crestview highschool
thanks to <propfirst> mccandless i have written one of the greatest essays ever written
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh what a scary great day  i was attacked by moby <propmale> the great white whale but saved by indiana jones  what a hero
for some reason    i cant stand people who think they are better just because they think they are in a more powerful position than another person
why are so many americans so ignorant 
i think its funny that crestview is having a pep rally for baker
"boo dat baker   \and give that 1a school some money to come play us for an easy win! hurraayyyy"
so almost died at this game
im covered in some unknown substance but its ok because i got me a toilet :{|
jesus
"so yesterday we demolished a toilet with some fireworks :{d\the lid got some distance"
home life isnt so great right now  thank god for friends though 
walking into jesus knows where with <propfirst> evans
4what a scary adventure! managed to scrape up some souveniers after we made it back to civilization  thank god for burger <propmale>! nobody else has water exce
4pt creepy laundry mats 
nothing beats a good adventure
so many douche bags at crestview high  im surprized my mind can handle this monster of a student body  for some reason majority of them stay in the locker hallway  its a shame
sooooo many people think im going to school in a legit lion costume  its heart breaking
<propmale> hull is beautiful man
im sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo exicted for <propmale> erikson day
needs to celebrate the discovery of <propfemale> by norsemen
adventure time shirt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im a viking
obama ruins everything!!!! this douche has changed <propmale> erikson day to october!! me and obama used to be neutral but now hes crossed the line!!!
"obamas been added to my list of things that piss me off  so far its  \#1  obama\#2  <propmale> beck\#3  small dogs \\thats everything"
hello there im obama  so i have heard the economy isnt that great right now  i think i will worrk more about <propmale> erikson day  lets change the date of this hoilday because i can
so i think grateful dead is a great band
s crestview about to be pillaged and burned today good luck to its defenders  if i dont make it back its ok  i will have died happy and will continue the fight in valhalla  best of luck to all of you 
hates his family 
so ive calmed down  i have a short period of time to think and work  its to for me to change my life style drastically 
jugga jigga wugga jugga jigga wugga jigga wugga jug
so i have memorized decaying pumpkin by brainkreig
what a night
vmas never have anybody good
just saw the greatest fail that could involve a man on a bike crossing the road with a case of <propmale> light
haha colleges and their demands
so the last of into the wild will have been read by this guy right about    now
ive found some pretty great answers  somethings are starting to make more sense 
people tend to ruin things  they dont realize how or why and sadly most never will
the most peaceful mind set i have ever had  i have a feeling this might last a while
i am talking to a supertramp  his story is bringing me to tears!
"there is a pleasure in the pathless woods;   there is a rapture on the lonely shore;   there is society, where none intrudes,   by the deep sea, and music in its roar;   i love not man the less, but nature more      \\- lord <propmale>"
so i passed out today in 7th period
oh man what an akward day
would anybody like to converse? 8509027513
"was able to start a clap today during lunch on the spanish trip  if you were there, that was me and my awesome group small group of people "
"peopleofwalmart com\makes babies cry and god fight satan"
greetings from twin hills! dont know how i got here but im here
"saw and made conversation with a man eating plant  his name is ralphe \sadly though he will not be able to visit much since he is rooted to the ground  <propfirst> evans and i will visit ralphe again in the near future he is a very interesting plant "
i wish we had a good stores in crestview  annoyed 
ever feel unstoppable? untouchable?
did you know having long hair means you smoke? i didn't but was informed today that i smoke  go me 
??? you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will anwser no matter what  you have my complete and utter honesty for the next48 hours  i dare you to put this as your status and see what kinds of questions people ask you  ???
facebook offical: ralphe is the name of multiple evil plants 
has love for all no need to worry
cracker barrel with the family  *sigh*
i havent been able to sneak like that in the longest time 
it begins again   
struck a blow to the gingers!!!
watching kick ass  go me
yep
another failed attempt    i will find it someday
crestview <propmale> lion club 
8 smile 0??? way to late  must be time for bed 
if you have been invited to be a member of the crestview <propmale> lions club its not offical until the orginal 4 talk about it
so this guy around 4 feet 8inches just asked me if i wanted to fight  because i slapped his little brother (around 14 to 15 years old) last year  this guy is like 19  it was a cute moment
post più facebook sarà in italiano per <propfemale> po '  ti amo
se tutti i membri <propmale> lion club <propmale> crestview vorrebbe camicie ordine  avremo i prezzi prima di sabato! abbiamo solo ambiente per 30 iscritti!
so just walked into hell
non mi piace il dentista  <propfemale> parlando in italiano di <propfemale> è molto divertente!
just ate way to many wings
i guess im going adventuring tonight 
im off
so i wandered around crestview tonight  not so much fun but still worth it
happy <propmale> erikson day!!!!
dimenticavo che avrei dovuto parlare in italiano  sono contento persone sono qui per ricordare a me  = {d
enjoyed a very adventurous walk home after being kicked out of my moms <propfirst> 
"im a douchebag, asshole, waste of skin  nobody in the world is worse then me  im a disgrace to my family  i possibly lack a soul  go me "
so i have been informed of a bridge on the train tracks! will the elite 5 embark on this great adventure with me?????
schoooooooooool woo  woo!!!!!!!!!!
im in baker 
", and <propfirst> grimison were involved in a daring feat to e playful and crestview <propmale> lion club borders today  sadly after a brutal and bloody battle in the freshmen wing we had lost the majority of our troops  we regrouped in disharoon’s room where we decided to hold off for reinforcements but to no avail "
so guess who has a hole in their heart   
sooooooooo much work to start a club   annoyed  i want this to happen faster but coach <propmale> says we have to wait for some meeting next month 
who's up for a chat? join me @ http annoyed  tinychat com lexibomb - 3 others are already here
what are you doing? come join me in this chat http annoyed  tinychat com lexibomb
got some work done tonight  smile  go <propfirst> turbeville
oh yeah  monday movies 
pfft    school? nah
"“in the middle classes the gifted son of a family is always the poorest - usually a writer or artist with no sense for speculation - the gifted son sinks, and is soon a tramp on the roadside \"",2010-10-21 02:10 smile 5""",a7a6be0ad51265694828e6c52c7b6501,driver is backin the crestview <propmale> lion club  woot 
"so much fun   \sitting in my house    again   indecision  \i havnt been on an adventure other than my solo treks in almost 3 weeks "
"likes wandering through a swamp and finding a snake, climbing over a <propmale> fence, finding a random campsite and a road to home  i had a good adventure today "
great to be home 
"what's more fun then a high black man telling you how great your hair is at 9 smile 0 at a <propmale> thumb? \saturday school "
i saw this black man again today  he wasnt high and didnt remember me 
im all healed up from friday mornings fight with the vending machine 
who wants to do something?
relaxing day 
annoy people with a vuvuzela? yes  yes i will 
small jar of horse radish? 2 dollars if i can get it down in ten seconds? no spoon? its on!!!!!!!!
nothing like some <propmale> cake followed by chasing a dog around the house for an hour
adventure!!!!!!!! tommorow if im lucky  hopefully we come back with some battle scars 
"apparently    i need to start looking for a career  adventures, and fun are for children  my childish games need to stop now \\pshhh  tommorows adventure is happening "
just picked up a pig!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the lack of adventure right now is killing me 
i read somewhere how important it is in lifenot necessarily to be strong    but to feel strong  to measure yourself at least once 
so im getting an accordion 
discovered sooooooooooooo many new things today  im proud of myself 
oh man!!!!! i had the most intense dream that could involve slipping on a wet floor at burger <propmale> 
im home  thank god i wasnt attacked by that rabid kangaroo that is destroying the neighborhood   indecision 
aslan is sooooooooooooo beautiful 
"this rabid kangaroo took out a tree at the front of the neighborhood  a small child is one thing, but a tree is where you cross the line  im gonna need the whole clan for this one  we cant let this go on "
almost got lost in the creepest place today  thank god we found a trail that looped back to the road 
wow  fb is really annoying 
i need $110 b| time to start looking for work 
changing my language to pirate has made everything more intense 
facebook official  someone is creepin on me 
babysit? oh yeah 
"no when\no want\no worry"
why does facebook will post random things for me all the time?
bad news  my spies have informed me that <propmale> plans to attack <propfemale> estates from the sea 
i think the biggest accomplishment i've had in the last few days was beating minesweeper on e playful ert 
soooooooo disapointed
the stories of today will be so great 
we are not to be defeated!!!!
my body is refuses to cooperate with me right now 
so  it snowed a bit 
oh man! got the coolest stuff that goodwill had to offer 
oh yeah -___-
so my day was spent in a tree with <propfirst> evans trying to the fend off a pack of unknown beast on the the afirican plains 
so im getting a sailors cap
"i return to you bruised, bloody, and tired  we took a powerful blow to our hearts and souls today  from <propfemale> to dusk we charged this foul demon, but each time we were flung back with a shocking blast of force  the battle was lost as the sun fell, we accepted our losses and retreated to the safty of our <propfemale> city  tommorow though, is a new  day, and a new battle "
"sailor caps? yes \next step is to find a sea worthy vessel"
no school for this man tommorow
its official  imma a cap'n :{d
i read somewhere    how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong    but to feel strong 
i just remembered how much i love <propmale> hull
i guess im starting personal fittness online today
the greatest find ever!!!!!!!
i love how the best adventures are never planned 
"has anybody heard of \texiy\""? i suspect that its an old milk brand """
"wants people to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
goin to spicy browns!
so we just emptied out half a trailer to get to a microphone that wasnt there 
forgot to mention we broke into the trailer 
oh yeah  home just where i want be  annoyed 
"so were cold, lost, bare foot, not so hungry, and we think were being hunted by a creepy dude "
the most awkward ending to an adventure yet
so my feet are bleeding
and brave heros set off for the unknown 
yuuuupp
just wrote up mr  driver    yeah? whats up?
got a tomahawk
-__________-
back to being a solo adventurer? i guess so 
mr  centipede is great
so my parents think <propfirst> evans and i get drunk in the woods every <propmale> we get 
"so i guess i dont have school in the morning, honestly im a little scared"
let the 34 hour no sleep extravaganza begin!!!!!!
"captains log: \the starts just as any other night  quiet and lonely   "
?ntrol of me from the inside   
"?captains log annoyed ive gained a friend, and an enemy  my new friend is a small black beatle, he goes by the name <propfirst>  my enemy is disease, a virus taking co"
"captains log: \i have overcome the disease! the worst part of the night is over, <propfirst> and i eagerly await morning "
"captains log annoyed <propfirst> is dead "
the final strech of the challenge is the worse! i might cry 
mission accomplished
r i p <propfirst> the beatle 
my boomarang broke on the first throw!!!! my whole world shattered right in front of me!!!
new thunder cat episodes?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
it feels so magical outside right now!
<propfirst> devine = amazing
lightsaber battles with <propmale> grimison    best day ever!!!
concert tonight! woohoo!
bamboo raft!!!!
just made a friend at a stoplight in destin  it was an old lady but she seemed cool 
mellow mushroom? yeah ok sure  why not?
got my hands on a copy of the old man and the sea!!!
what an eye opener  thanks for that  now i dont even know who my friends are anymore   
is anybody going to the track meet tommorow? at 3ish? til 7ish?
another confusing morning   
sat around the house with shai chavez today    walking my dogs was really awkward but everything turned out alright! :{d
and so the journey begins    
listening to manchester orchestra drifting down the highway   
just stumbled into the tool headquaters
?«so he enters this hellhole alone facing judgemental glances and crude remarks  even the group stares cannot deter him  he held strong until the foul wide
?« mouth beast froze his very soul with its constant and terrible scream!
i have been invited into a random group of hippies at this hotel  we have been here 10 minutes and i already made friends
someone help me out and shoot me a text
jacksonville is a scary place    its like walmart in city form
this is a challenge
im in a tree 
home
adventure time!!!!!
oh yeah   
im so lost right now   
well then season kicked off pretty slow this year    but it will pick up as we climb our way back to the top!
i lost a toe nail     ouch 
success!!
<propfirst> beams voice can only be described as <propfemale> 
why would you continue to come to my house even after i tell you how horrible i think you are?
i really want to know what that embarrassing photo of spongebob at the christmas party looks like 
a powerpoint presentation  for personal fitness  a class that is offered to students online  a class that has no meaning  it is completely pointless 
you have a mini computer smaller than your hand  stop complaining about it 
oh yeah getting yelled at  again  my phones gone so yeah  you can text all you want but ya know  its been an hour and a half  not sure what to do 
if there was ever a time to leave i think it would be pretty soon    
maybe even now
"there is a pleasure in the pathless woods;   there is a rapture on the lonely shore;   there is society, where none intrudes,   by the deep sea, and music in its roar;   i love not man the less, but nature more      - lord <propmale>"
"i swear, i swear i'll go    lead me into my home    don't stop, don't ever go   i swear you'll never know "
