ad8472066b7557bfbde442bf46bb8369
"apparently i don't write very many happy words in my fb statuses  so    smiles, sunshine, babies, puppies, rainbows, jesus, peace, joy, friends, family, laughter, and happiness  i can't think of any more off of the top of my head "
i'm definitely not ready to leave the country on friday 
"i'm sorry for falling off the face of the earth  hopefully, i will resurface soon, but probably not this week "
is excited to sleep in her own bed again 
i hate house cleaning!!!!
"slllllleeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppyyyyyy, but some how, facebook won't let me go to bed "
"i have way too much stuff that i don't even like, and now i am drowning in it trying to decide what to take to college  i't gross "
it's depressing that i skipped go to clean and write thank you notes  i don't want to do it anymore 
i don't want to start school on my birthday again  and i thought college would be different than high school 
what was i thinking? it is really never a good idea to try and ride 24 <propmale> on a bike in one day 
"officially moved in to case  i can now actually call myself a college student, but i think i will miss home a bunch "
hey thanks everyone for the birthday messages   smile  i was surprised by how many i got 
"need a new profile picture, but i don't have any more pictures of me that i like "
i'm bored so my plan is to amuse myself with many pointless facebook quizzes that really tell me nothing about my life 
i get to go home!!! enough said 
"rain rain, go away  come again some other day   sad "
i don't want to grow up  i'm a toys-r-us kid 
"sigh, i don't like <propmale> homework "
is going to start using the word fortnight 
"yay for teacher's car troubles, because they get me out of class today "
"procrastinating is bad, yet i can't stop doing it "
i wish i had brought my rain boots and a rain coat to college 
it's amazing to me that i can't find any pictures of myself that i like 
farm work + pie making = one tired <propfemale>
<propmale> tests= das ist nicht gut 
does anyone have <propfemale> and <propfemale> chen's phone number? i left my coat at their house and would like to get it back 
i'm fed and happy  it's one of the best feelings in the world 
"sleepy, sleepy, sleepy  always sleepy "
"gone to fayetteville, be back monday "
contacts annoy me  it's even more annoying that i can't see without them 
no me gusta alemán  <propfemale> muy dificil 
fire #3  some boy is going is going to die    because i am outside in the cold  it's only a microwave  it's not that difficult to work 
bored at work    so i'm on facebook? that's wierd 
my facebook is acting screwy 
i really don't have time for facebook right now  someone take it away from me 
"bored and facebook quizzing, maybe i should do some homework "
"i really just need to sleep, but i have no time for it "
i can't believe i missed the barn dance this year!!!! it's really really upsetting to me 
"in my life, when it rains, it pours  and right now seems to be monsoon season "
i'm thinking a nap would be a good idea right now 
"today, i feel loved "
"so much to do, and yet so little motivation "
"i am concocting a plan, and it involves a car and california  neither of which do i have access to  hmm   "
"in case any one is bored and in <propmale> on saturday night, i have a choir concert at 7 smile 0 at harkness chapel  it's on bellflower on case campus, and its free  so come visit me "
"words, why do you always let me down when i need you?"
"really, really, really doesn't want to do all of the work she has to do "
i love the girls on my floor  smile 
why is it so cold?
"i'm giving up facebook! i will not go back on until next monday   2 reasons     1  i don't think it is good that i am so attached to it   2  i don't have time to do anything extra until after i am done with my schoolwork this week  see you again a week, facebook "
enough is enough  go do you work!!!
i think fb is taking my soul and i need to quit this business 
i need to stop thinking  my mind is just getting in the way 
so i'm back at school now   annoyed 
so today i had an adventure   
note to self: barefoot frisbee with boys in cleats is a bad idea 
i wish for sunshine  i think that would make everything that much better 
ouch
why can't i be 2 places at once? it would make everything so much easier 
and now on to math homework  boo 
i need motivation                                                 !?
facebook     the bane of my existence 
i'm really happy right now   smile 
resents being the panda who sits in the corner and waits her turn 
"\urrr and grrrr\"": a quote from my mother """
"<propmale>, why do you have so many verbs?"
"sunshine, you make me happy, but why are you only outside when i am stuck in "
"\nobody e playful ects the spanish inquisition!\"""""
i don't have time for these shenanigans 
i don't want to write 2 papers in 2 days   sad 
"disney songs=the best therapy in the world, and so much cheaper than real therapy "
i might break down and drink coffee  where have my morals gone?
which is more important? productivity or happiness?
"so, i'm home for 5 days, if anyone from amherst area wants to <propfemale> out with me, lemme know   smile "
"you are going the wrong way, and i don't know how to tell you  i don't know how to save you from the pain that will come later "
i'm confused 
today + sunshine + <propfemale> w = happiness  smile 
"i got to paint yesterday, and now my fingers are all funny colored!  smile  yay for arts and crafts!"
sorry guys but i'm going underground for the next 2 weeks until everything i have to do gets accomplished  no more fb for me until april 17th  if you need me call or text 
i failed 
"i need a rest  hurry up, summer break, why are you 3 whole weeks away?"
"disney taught me that a dream is a wish your heart makes when you are fast asleep  if that's true, then i wish for an orange corvette and a sketchy donut warehouse  my mind is a mess "
is sorry she had to  stifle the urge to just run outside and dance in the rain  now she missed a really cool rainstorm 
can't think of anything to say that isn't whiny about school 
so many pictures!!!!
loves swing sets so much!!!
my brain hurts just thinking of all the studying that needs to be done in the next 2 days 
blech    done 
has been e playful osed to robot unicorn attack and is laughing at all the <propmale> boys for playing it so much 
is officially an aunt as of 3:43 this morning!!!!  smile 
just wiped out in a giant mud puddle  i can't decide if it was more fun to play in than it was annoying to be covered in mud afterward   smile 
is that better?
"believes fresh homemade strawberry shortcake can solve all of your problems, even if it is a pain to make "
starts a job tomorrow  i'm glad to have something to do 
is not sure what to do with this information 
lives in a house filled with pie  she's one happy camper   smile 
is going on a tour of the browns stadium tomorrow  is that fun?
may have bruised her tailbone  yay for roller blading: my new favorite way to hurt myself!
thinks it is all grosssss!!
how do i write 93 birthday thank yous? i feel really repetitive  but thank you all the same  it was sweet to be thought of by so many people in one day 
has officially been disillusioned from her dreams of having a beauty and the beast library  unless it comes with enchanted servants to clean it of course 
i should just go to sleep rather than take pointless quizzes 
hi my name is <propfemale> and i like to read!
i also like to <propfemale> out with cool people   aka <propfirst> poland and <propmale> miller!
smells like tolstoy after he stayed up all night writing '<propfemale> karenina'
"dear case western, if you have to send an email to all of your students to inform them that they do in fact have classes today, then in reality we probably shouldn't be having class today  apparently common sense is not something taught at your college \love, <propfemale>"
