1304e0583ed466724c9e6dc073461f7b
thanks to all my friends family who sent birthday wishes and made my birthday so special!
just wanting to say hi to all my friends and see if there are any good adult halloween parties going on this year   (one that i can hopefully go too!) let me know!!!
"sons outgrow our laps, but never our hearts   ? ?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•?? put this on your status if you have the most ? awesome ? son ? in the ? world  my oldest turned 20 yrs old yesterday and my youngest turns 16 tomorrow!  my middle son is 18  and graduates high school in a few months!  i have truely been blessed!!"
my crops are withered and i don't have enough money to save them   can anyone help??
ok   so i'm addicted to farmville   what can i say??
please help me e playful and my chicken coop on farmville!  i need five more people to help      please see my post from yesterday    <propfemale> is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand! <propfemale> is trying to build a bigger chicken coop and they still need the help of 10 more friend(s   )! bigger coops can hold more chickens and more chickens mean more mystery eggs! thanks!!
please help me e playful and my chicken coop on farmville! i need three more people to help   please see my post from monday 9:48pm    <propfemale> is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand! <propfemale> is trying to build a bigger chicken coop and they still need the help of 10 more friend(s   )! bigger coop   s can hold more chickens and more chickens mean more mystery eggs! thanks!!
thanks to all my friends who helped   my chicken coop has been e playful anded!
"ok   my request to finish my maison on fv didn't post   i need 2 slate tiles, 3 windows and 2 aged bricks to get it done   any help you can give is appreciated!  thanks!!"
"no more clinging vines or weathered boards for my maison   just need the slate tiles, windows and aged bricks!  almost done!  yeah!!!"
i need one more slate tile and i'm done with my maison - here's the link to send me one! thanks!http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm gifts_send php?gift=slatetile
thanks ham!  i'm done with my maison!!  smile 
just 2 more nails to complete my barn   here is the link:http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm gifts_send php?gift=nail thanks!!
got my horse barn done and moved up to level 21   thanks to all my farmville friends!  smile 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer "
thanks to all my friends from farmville who helped with my chicken coop e playful ansion!  done!!! now i've got 60 chickens inside and 36 of them are <propfemale> chickens!   laugh  yeah!!
"before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life \ put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself"""
happy easter everyone!  hope you have a blessed day!
sitting here watching tv and having a xingu brazilian black beer!  yummy!!  maybe i should eat dinner before this beer goes to my head!  thankfully i only got a 6 pack!  laugh 
i need 3 more people to help me e playful and my storage on farmville   can you please go to my profile <propfemale> and lend a hand?  thanks!!
"farmville friends   if you still need something for your nursery, please let me know and i'll gift it to you  ( unless you are like my cuz who is impatient and would rather purchase what you need!)  laugh  <propfemale> <propfemale>    love ya <propfemale>!!"
happy mother's day to all my friends and family who are mother's!  i'm off to work! hope you all enjoy your day!
i just need one more person to help with my barn e playful ansion in farmville!  please clink on the link i posted yesterday!  thx!!
happy father's day to all my friends and family!  i hope you had a great day!
farmville friends - i still need help e playful anding my dairy barn   please help me out! i posted it last night 
farmville friends: i need one more person to click on my dairy barn e playful ansion to complete   please look for my post and help out!  thanks!!
"the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think "
is it good if a vacuum really sucks?
"whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good  luckily, this is not difficult "
happy 4th of july!  hope everyone has a great day!  i think drinking beer is on my agenda for later   i'll at least wait until noon!  playful 
"sex is like snow, you never know how many inches you're going to get or how long it will last!!"
"why did god create men? because vibrators can't mow the lawn  \-- <propfemale> dangerous game (1993)"
"anyone else having problems viewing their farm in farmville?  i can see the feeds, but not my farm    sad "
any farmville friends who can gift the iphone exclusive items (ie  white apple tree) can you please send 'em to me?
"forget health clinics and gyms  sex is the best cure  one good night of sex and your problems are gone  \-- grace jones"
"men can read maps better than women  cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equalling a hundred <propmale>  \-- <propfemale> barr"
"sex is more fun than cars but cars refuel quicker than men  \-- <propfemale> greer"
just had a honeymoon beer and a shot of fireball!  life is good!  laugh 
"like many women my age, i am 28 years old  \-- <propfirst> schmich"
"mom ~ i'll always remember your special smile, your caring heart and your warm embrace  you were there for me through good times and bad   i'll always remember you mom because there will never be another to replace you in my heart or the love i will always have for you   happy birthday mom!  sending you hugs and kisses on this special day!  i love and miss you!!   aug 6, 1943-dec 13, 2005"
"are any of my friends interested in going to oktoberfest in fredericksburg, tx this weekend?  (oct 1-3) let me know     drinking beer and doing the chicken dance    sounds like fun!"
tried out the new xbox kinect and it's awesome!! love it!!
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  regardless of personal political views, that is an honor and there are way too many people in this country who no longer    remember that fact     copy and paste this as your status if you are veteran"
"i am an <propfemale>n veteran and am proud of my service to my country  it was an honor and privilege and i would gladly still be serving if i were able  i am thankful to live in a country where military service is honored, where we all live free because of the service of me and my countless brethren  today it is i, the veteran that says \thank you <propfemale>\"" for the opportunity  god bless <propfemale>!"""
i'm so excited!  found out today <propmale> and <propfemale> are going to have a girl! i'm going to have a grand-daughter!  (just like i predicted on aug 2nd )
