38354c9602eb29541b66d9e6c5f470d2
"this weekend    home improvement   painting, painting   getting rid of crap and clutter      more painting   woo hoo!"
"no word from smart car    still!  this is a sign   i test drove a beetle the other day   5 cylinders, really?  it drove great, don't get me wrong, but why not do 6?  the mustang is winning    smile   woohoo!"
"moving day is sun  6-2 surprise 9   dooms day?  after moving 14 times in 13 years, i may lose my mind!  i did say that if i moved again, it would be with my hubby, which will be the case in about 10 mos    smile "
"and another thing   what was up with all the deaths yesterday?  <propfemale> fawcett, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> goldblum, <propmale> mcmahon (actually, monday, for him 6-23)?  i worked with <propmale>   he was a very nice man, and kept himself very busy for an 86 yr  old guy "
"it's mine!!  mine, mine, mine!!!!  the most ridiculous car, ever is sitting in my driveway   <propfemale> <propfemale>eeeeeeeeee!"
still need a wedding dress 
the miata has recovered and goes to a new home tomorrow    wink 
i keep hearing a south park movie song in my head   blame canada!
"canada was beautiful   i was astounded at how cheerful and nice everyone was who worked at the airport   personally, i am a zombie at 5 am "
back into work-out mode and i feel great!  acupuncture and herbs are helping my tummy feel better   life is beautiful 
i am always impressed when people are so passionate about their work that they can work into their 80's and 90's 
watching the murder channel
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
wants to be a kid again 
looking forward to creating monsters   i love october!!!
is tempted to take an ice pick to my skull   nothing like a permanent solution to a temporary problem    wink 
"on the 5-s parking lot!!!  what should be a 30 <propfemale> drive, takes an hour and a half!!!!  uuuuuurrrrrrrr!!"
it's pretty gloomy outside   wish i could just lay in bed watching movies all day 
preparing for a ridiculously busy few weeks 
counting the days till i can get sleep and have a life again 
woo hoo!  i get to have a life now          
more than half way done painting the kitchen   christmas shopping done   puerto vallarta tomorrow!  woo hoo!!!
is chronically tired 
hah!  i found it!!!!!  the dress! theeeeeeeee dress!!!  woo hoo!
it's cold out there!!!!  ugh!
flaky people make me wonder       
yay!  found my shoes for the wedding!!
"1st day back to the gym in almost 3 weeks   oh, the pain!"
feels like death   how is it possible for so much mucus to come out of one little person?  where is all of this coming from?
"painting the living room   i think the paint fumes are distracting me from my sickness   break time, now for a mimosa for vitamin c    wink "
leopard print
both were blessed with an intelligence far greater than might be e playful ected from their limited background 
happiness is     when it's pouring out and i don't have to be anywhere 
"has become addicted to lifetime movies   sometimes they start out so bad, but then i can't look away   i have to know how it ends   even if i knew what was going to happen 10 <propfemale>  into the movie "
is listening to people fix the bedroom ceiling and happy to know there's no asbestos up there 
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  put this message as your status & the definition of your name as the first comment underneath   
is on day 1 after oral surgery and feeling very unattractive    sad 
"must go out in public today and my jaw is still swollen   oh, the horror!"
hates going to the dentist   no       despises   detests?
"thanks, everybody!"
"<propmale> zombie music prevented me from losing my mind today, stuck in traffic for 2 hrs  to go 20 <propmale>   it came on, and i felt a wave of calm, like he was yelling and angsty enough for both of us "
the curio cabinet i painted turned out awesome!
wedding cake tasting    wink 
"apparently, i have been jerking and running in my sleep   i have no memory of this or what i was dreaming about   maybe i was running away from zombies "
doo dah parade tomorrow   woo hoo!  silliness and sangria!
sometimes i feel like the whole world hates me             
"homemade guacamole, sangria and wedding stuff "
"just cause i am shopping in hollywood, does not mean i want to spend a fortune for crap   where's the good stuff, besides agent provocateur and trashy, where what i want is $900 00?"
it would be nice to eat a burrito without having half end up on my lap   it is like they do it on purpose 
"first day off, june 1st, after almost 7 weeks!  woo hoo! wedding day, june 5th and honeymoon june 15-30th "
<propfemale> sexton? <propfemale> sexton?  <propfemale> hale-sexton?  mrs  sexton      
someone is baking chocolate chip cookies and the smell is making me crazy! do i really have to wait a year to eat the top of my wedding cake?  it is screaming at me from the freezer!  yummy chocolate mocha       
back home from honeymoon   i could have stayed away forever   smile 
http annoyed  marniegoodfriend blogspot com 2010 06 weddings-robert-and-suzi-secret html
http annoyed  www rocknrollbride com 2010 07 a-psycho-wedding #more-48254
project for the day       military tattoos and autopsy scars 
"was overwhelmed at hk market  marinated dried sliced squid and peanut  mmmm, fantastic "
"stuffed on french toast, iced coffee in hand, tru crime channel for inspiration, and now it is time to finish the autopsy scars "
"wow, what a long day   i'm exhausted "
"when good things happen to good people, you should be happy for them   no matter what you are going through, or how jealous you are of them, you should still be happy for them "
is thankful to have a hubby who cooks 
the madness of horror nights has begun   woo hoo!
october means                   no social life for <propfemale>   frowny  can people please start having their parties during the week? i have a ridiculous costume!
"i overhear my hubby making plans to do a different oktoberfest every weekend   i already have my mission for october, now he has his    wink "
"once again, <propmale> mistaken for \the undertaker \"" ha ha!"""
halloween horror nights    the final stretch 
i am so tired that inanimate objects seem to be moving by themselves in my peripheral vision 
"yesterday, christmas shopping  today, laundry   tomorrow, more christmas shopping  avoiding the crowds to preserve my sanity "
"shopping online, is the best!   smile   christmas shopping is sooooo close to done    wink  woo hoo!"
<propfemale> bowl flea market! woo hoo!
"aborted mission: <propfemale> bowl flea market   i have never seen so many people in one place  way far away across the street in the grass and no parking to be seen   i would have been circling that place for hours  they turned me away from preferred parking, as well   went to glendale galleria instead  note to self   get there at the crack of <propfemale> next time "
"just watched <propfemale> compass  wow, <propfemale> kidman is ridiculously beautiful   should be illegal    wink "
i hate drama 
is reaching burn out   time to take an <propmale> class or see a therapist    wink 
"wed , cuts, scrapes, bruises and head wound   thurs, glamour and then drag make-up   today, finish kitchen floor, laundry, start packing, stroll down to hollywood blvd and micelli's with the hubby "
30 degrees and snow as far as the eye can see   sure is pretty 
<propfemale> christmas!  sending love and well wishes your way 
back to the gym and feeling fantastic!
"i realized last night that a trip home from long beach flies when singing along to the <propmale> horror picture show soundtrack  you figure that as much time as you spend in your car sitting in traffic, you could be doing something productive like learning another language, or singing  the people in the cars around you may think you are crazy, but at least you are happy   smile "
mmmmmmmm   vegan <propmale> n cheese 
wishing she would have had her priorities in order  i was so work obsessed last year that i didn't spend much time with someone important to me   i thought we'd have more time  i was wrong 
"rest in peace, bip   i miss you already "
