ecb4bff605f1028a807ef19d21dbd25f
is it time for vegas yet?
&hearts; iphone
"now  baby, maybe, she's in need of a kiss"
   
herding cows the size of schnauzers but they're cattle
its a good day
i want my two dollars!!!!
"life can be so fun, i am lucky to have such an incredible support system (a honeycomb of love if you'll allow)  if you are reading this, you're amazing and i love you "
"im ready to crawl into bed with my boyfriend, and fall into our nyquil fueled comas     "
"last night, in my dreams, my dinosaur teeth fell out, and i couldn't reattach them!?!? hope everyone is splendid!"
i have the greatest friends in the world  love 
"im getting ridiculously tired of the hamster wheel, i want a new adventure, i want creativity and excitement, someone help me escape  smile "
happy happy joy joy
"why does he have to be mad at me? i want to cuddle, rawr"
can you feel the love tonight?
"what a frustrating day so far, hahaha"
who wants to buy an i phone?
there is nothing like mashed potatoes and gravy before bed     
my brain feels deflated
coachella is this weekend!!!!!
"i'm ready to be off work, help!"
"i like a good <propmale>, <propfemale>, budafucco cuddle fest!"
oh the tangled webs we weave
"is rejuvenated, what an amazing weekend!!!"
"excited, sad, and just a little scared"
nothing like the smell of earthquake in the evening     
do crazy people know they are crazy? or do they just run around naked wondering what is on everyone else's legs?
saugus california here i come!
quite recently i have lost all the functoning capabilities of my brain 
infeel isolated and unloved but i amnprobably just tired
boo
"one fifth done with anthropology and geology, go me!"
who would like to fix my computer for me?  i will love you forever!!!!!
budafucco needs to learn some bath etiquette 
"wishes the library opened earlier, yawn"
budafucco (my dog) loves flamming hot cheetos!
ready for a drink
"already done with school for the day, thank you god"
who goes to the library to loudly talk on the phone for over half an hour?? sooo annoying
<propfirst> <propmale> and i will be driving to texas august 16th and coming back on august 21st!! anyone else in?
i love budafucco!!! he is always happy to see me  smile 
muse = happiness
ok so i think maybe my head may e playful lode                                  
"i definatly just failed my anthropology final, there goes my a  damn, damn, damn damn!!!!!!"
who knows how to change a car battery?
wants a cuddle
how do i get from thousand oaks to <propfemale> without a car tonight? hmmm
life is beautiful!
"i want to go to vegas in the middle of august, who is down?"
i know it is suposed to be flattering or whatever but people insisting i am too young to buy cigerettes is getting really annoying!
life is beautiful and so are we!
i want to sleep for the next 24 hours but instead i will go to work and try to be perky  ahhh!!
"i only have six more classes of summer school and then starting next thursday, 10 days of summer (no work, no school), amazing, beautiful, i love being alive!!!!"
"hanalei- parts and accecories is beautiful, download it now, thank me some other time "
"i'm stressing trying to figure out how to pay for school, ahh!!!!!"
"\what are the purported dangers to the erosion of civilian control over the military?\"" -the subject of my weekend"""
"sleep is an ellusive bitch tonight, i must say"
how many std's does the average vampire have??
"every once in awhile i want to throw food at all of my tables, roar"
who is bored and would like to proof read my [horrible] essay? no one? i'll give you a cookie!
freedom!!!!
i miss budafucco!  sad 
super excited about the week ahead!
"i want to do a veince bike ride every week, so much better than a gym!!!"
i need friends that live around me!!!
dreaming is so pleasant  smile 
"whatever is meant to be will be, the future is not ours to see, lalalalala"
"back to reality, and i'm actually rather excited!"
"inception has made me feel indescribably uncomfortable, , it reminded me of my own dreams nightmares sort of, it was almost like a film adaptation of my own feeling of <propfemale> vu, im having a horrible time describing this, obviously  i don't know   "
"sleep, i love you, please be mine!"
my phone is lost and dead!
pilates is the work out of the gods 
"boreddddd, i need scv friends!"
"let's make everybody see that they are the beginning and ending of everything, and we are stronger than everything they taught us we should fear "
i'm off work and i want sushi!!!
muse!!!
wing stop!!!
wine!!!!
awake and bored!!!
"i now have skype, send me your names!"
it's a beautiful day!
i get to see the beautiful <propfirst> slater today!!!!  laugh 
"epic halloween!!! i love you all, muah!"
"bar bruises and drunk texting,  love  haha"
in love with arcade fire!!
"words with friends? my name is schmemmm, let's do this!"
i do not care about <propmale> potter!!!!
"i cannot find my phone, so leave me a message here if you need me! i love you all!"
not to gloat but i got my make up done and got asked for my number three times walking to my car! mwa hahaha
i am so fucking lucky to have all the people i do in my life! thanks for putting up with me everyone!
it feels so good to be finished with a semester of school!!!!
"hey so i had to have a huge change of plans for my birthday annnndd we are going to the infamous sunset terracce, so if you want to stop by and say hello that would be fabulous, love you all and thank you for the bday messages"
i am so excited to sleep
"a working computer would make school indescribably easier, oh and today is gorgeous!"
one week of leisure left!
"who wants to go hiking this week? or bike riding? or swimming? or i would be down to just run around like were children, but i need activity partners!! hehehe, activity partners"
"there are too many people in this house, if i ever plan on getting my laundry done, i have been trying for three days!! ahh!!!"
life is goooood
"i hate playing the pessimist but sometimes i wonder if i can serve one more asshole, i don't know how i smile at these dicks, i'm soooo ready to be done, rawr "
"back to school  back to school, to prove to dad that i' m not a fool  i got my lunch packed up, my boots tied tight, i hope i don't get in a fight, back to school  back to school "
i feel like it is 2am
"it still hurts like crazy, but i think it is supposed to "
"hey facebook, is it raining? i'm unsure  wink "
sleep sounds delicious
"i'm missing <propfirst> like crazy right now, don't know why "
yawn
 sad 
maybe!! just maybe     
