307d718eddbfb78fd5b89cf0f8a64384
think im still drunk   rdy for some breakfast
mmm  no hangover today  smile  coffee is hittin the spot ^^  startin my rez after my bday cuz its very strict and goin out to dinner tuesday and wednesday hehe  mom got my pink camo bow and gettin it fitted tuesday  laugh  but i know once i get it im gonna wanna shoot but the weather needsa clear  laugh   hope to get my wood flooring next weekend and hopefully get that done b4 school starts again  laugh 
grrr  tiff talked me into gettin big a's    heart attck here i come d: but muchrooms yes pls!
fuckin with this gay shit  probly gonna break it
looks like we gettin the curling irons tiff lol im such a f tard
haha horoscope says im in charge today! respect my authorita!!
best freakin hair day ever! the in-styler is no joke! woohoooo
lol snoop dogs on my soap opera
im havin one of those days where everyone is annoying the shit out of me  people need to use their heads and have some common sense 
just saw shutter island  laugh  it was good ^^  love  <propfirst>
i forgot the red <propfirst> commercial is how it is lol reddddd robbbbbbin yuuuummmmmmm
i hate ppl
bed!
lmfao
decided to go to the bar with tiff tonight  laugh  woohooo drunkness!
tell me where i can find an independent film where there isn't a gay cowboy eating pudding
i love catchin ppl in lies  smile  just makes me right like always hahahaha
"please copy and paste this  to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone  who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face  affect the lives of many  unfortunately, there is still no known cure  for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the  face, but we can all work together to raise awareness "
goin to <propmale>'s to party with tiff  laugh   gotta wait till tomorrow to get my ps3 cause best buy was out and i dont have enough time to go to roseville > > not like i was gonna get to play tonight anyway lol  so   im gonna drink it off till tomorrow  laugh !!
got my ps3 and playin ffxiii! its pretty sick! sucks i gotta work tomorrow lol
just another day to drink beer  dunno what the big deal is  most ppl who celebrate arent even <propfemale>  fyi u can have green beer any day of the week  green eggs and ham? <propfirst> i fucking am! happy hangovers  smile 
my weekend has now begun  laugh 
ffxiii is so bad assssss
"first concert you attended!  everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know the first  concert your fb friends went to  copy & paste this on your profile,  then put your first concert at the end of this sentence    bush haha and opening for them was googoo dolls"
vegas commin soon!!! gonna kick ass!
mmm   fried garlic shrimp salad   
21 days till vegas!!!!
i fucking love spongebob
yes!!!!!!!!! now that i finally figured out what i had to do i have to go to bed! gah!! damn ffxiii > >
always put the toilet paper roll over not under 
"name that tune! \damn the lights are blinkin i'm thinkin it's all over when i go out drinkin\"""""
"how bout this one tiff (inside joke) name that tune! \smokin catfood\"""""
"power leveling sucks  i know that only a couple ppl know what that means but, it sucks!!!!"
i was afraid to weigh myself since i stopped the diet a couple weeks ago but i lost 6 more lbs for a total of 17lbs lost!!!!!!!!! fuck yea!
do you remember the time  when we fell in love do you remember the time   when we first met girrlll
<propfirst> macanohay is so hot lol
vegas next week!!!!! woot!!
my mom gave me this magazine with cute ass clothes   i already have $150 in shirts picked out lol d:
shopping today! last minute vegas items!! wish tiff could come with me d: oh well ><
mmm    chicken and garlic shrimp salad   then packing! woot! wanna play ffxiii but wont have time probly cause glee is on!!
vegas tomorrow!!!!
otw to airport in 2hrs!!!! vegas baby!!
home! vegas was the shit!! up all night sleep have the day! yea baby! i need a nap!
oh vegas  your a mother   legs been sore for 3 days   see you next year!!!
ffxiii and heiny 
cleanin room havin a beer and maybe some ffxiii  well i shouldnt say maybe cause im a nerd   if i dont have time ill make time!
bounce   like your ass has the hicups   bounce   like we was ridin in my pickup  bounce   babe u lookin so sad baby girl u needa cheer up   bounce   i got this remedy its me on you   and u on him   and me on you   and you on him   and u on her   and me on you   and u on him  and ya'll on me   and me on ya'll    and u on him   manage tua  manage tuu aaaa  
just won ffxiii woot!
i love this sweet baby rays chipolte raspberry bbq sauce        drool  
cinco de mayo antics in old town tonight  laugh 
ffxiii
"baby where'd u get your body from, tell me where u get your body from  \i got it from my momma\"" \""i got it from my momma\"""""
tiff fashionably late as always  smile 
drinkin with the booberry bout to get my karaoke on!!!! wooooooooo
hungry!! gonna order breakfast i think!
ordered breakfast check!
"ok   so out of all those apps i just did, what i got from it was, love quote: you are my world, my name means beautiful, im happy, i'm a god of war character who's a wierd nerd that like passionate doggy style sex  bwahahahahahaaaaaaa rofl"
just got a tired spell   think i need a beer to perk me up  laugh 
dammit tiff   why do you have to be busy    i wanna go to the auburn car show and have noone to go with  annoyed   at least i have someone to go to red <propfirst> with  surprise 
nbc cancelled heros im so pissed!!!!!!
off to do yardwork again   but im gonna get mcdonalds ice coffee woot!
"gonna go buy my first blue <propfirst> movie and grab some beers, eeeeeeek! i feel so special lmao"
got the beer in me  laugh  now time to clean! goin shoppin and out to breakfast with mom in the morning! ive eatin so much fast food this weekened its rediculous lol  least the work week is commin so ill stop lol
i have an empire of poweraid surrounding my fridge! mwahahahaaa
"uh, cadillac grills cadillac mills, check out the oil on my cadillac spills, matter fact <propfemale> paint cadillac's kill, so check out the hoe's my cadillac fills, twenty inch - wide, twenty inches high, hoe don't you like my twenty inch - ride, twenty inch thighs make twenty inch - eyes, hoping for american twenty inch - pies"
11 beers deep and still kickin  laugh   watchin one life to live that i missed on friday  surprise  thought i turned the bass down but actually turned it up so mom was bangin on the celing lol  have my house picked out  smile  hope its still there in a couple months when im rdy to buy! everyone just saw the first iron man so hopefully i get to see the second one next weekened  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i can sense when ive been lied to  especially when the person u confront stutters or plays dumb with u  u better realize that one day i may be gone  not in like a death sense  just away  so take advantage of me while u can  im not happy with someone atm  *point* (no this is not an emo guy thing either)
im awake! woot! stuffed french toast here i come!
niel <propfirst> <propmale> on glee tonight!!! *faints*
<propmale> cooper is just  yum   the first time i saw him on alias   i was just like  yumm  
"im not supposed to be within 200 feet from a \school  its not illegal, its just frowned upon, like \masterbating on a plane"
lmaooooooooo this guy just tried to friend me and his pic looks like he photo shopped his head onto a buff body lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
idk why but i seem to be attracting alot more females then males lately lol
buzzed and eatin chocolate pop tarts d: yum!
some ppl cant take jokes lol live life and quit bein emo!
off early   no patients d: someone come get some dental work done lol
3 more days then 4 days off  laugh  then 3 more days and a week and a 1 2 off woot!
well im an ass   i gave the bartender friday night a $10 tip on $26  didnt remember doin that lol but i guess it makes up for sneakin my own beer in on cinco de mayo lol
i gotta have this new <propfemale> secret 7 way bra   it looks awsome!
i will only watch american idol if niel <propfirst> <propmale> is the one replacing <propmale>   other then that   fu <propfemale> your goin down!
"fuuuuuuuuuuuck!!! <propfirst> won wtf!!! i only stayed up to find out simons replacement and they didnt even say!!!! least i got to see <propfirst> micheals, <propfemale> <propmale>, alanis morsette, <propfemale> cooper, <propfemale> underwood and <propfemale> aguilara   good night  "
just got done seein iron man 2 finally! it was awsome! but almost fell asleep cause i hadda take cold meds  annoyed  but time now for so you think you can dance! needa stay awake!
just heard lollypop lol made me think of a friend! you know who u r hahahaha
hangin with tiff and <propfemale> drinkin! woot!!
im goin goin back< back< to cali cali
have booze   got a fat raise! and family matters is back on the <propmale> at nite line up! can this day get any better! oh yea! so you think u can dance is on!!! fuck yes!!
lazy day   wanted to do stuff but since i woke up late its harder to get in my groove d; so just dinkin around   think i need sum beer! lol
club tre tonight    gonna see if this shot works   if not i need a nap lol
its 5:55   do you know where your beer is!?!
i think <propfirst> beiber's balls needa drop  i can sing just like him o o
awww glee is so good so far! just thought id let all u non gleeks know!
is it gonna rain??? my hair is so boingy today! ><
love wakin up on payday and seein a fat check in the bank  laugh  good day
lookin like its gonna be a ffxi weekened for me    why did they have to raise the freakin lvl cap >< grrr i hate lvling
rain!!!! yes!!!
at moms   helped tiff dig a spot for the pool   hopefully i will have some ffxi time tomorrow  smile 
drinkin beer   shootin pellet guns   gonna eat sum brauts   how much better can this day get!    i wish someone was here with me  smile  u know who u r!!!
bbq and beers at tiffs tonight  laugh 
im still drunk hahahahahaha
a good friend just told me he moved to vegas  surprise  im thinkin road trip! woot woot
lol saw md 2020 at 7-11 ha
at rollins lake with tiff havin beer at 10am lol cant wait for <propfemale> and <propfirst> to show! lets get this party started!
rollins lake w  tiff havin beer at 10am lol cant wait 4 <propfemale> & <propfirst> to show! lets get this party started!
pretty drunk right now lol  think the heat intensifies the effect    gotta eat  shower  and drink some more   then hit <propfemale> city bars lol woot woot
lmao yesterday was sooo fun! some guy at the bar wearin a kilt let me braid his hair and gotee lol!! you know your hammered when u see a dude in a skirt!! hahahahahaaha
gettin off early today d: time for some ffxi action  surprise 
stupid diet   i hate all fruit day   i want some cheese ><
lmao i wanna go on wipeout
lmao enriche or however you spell was singin on so you think you can dance  haha he rly did remove his mole lol
<propfemale> white is so funny lol
weekend seemed short   didnt know staining boards for a deck could b so tiring   hope  moms cat will b ok after my bros dog attacked it saturday  it shredded the cats leg muscle and she may have nerve damage  sad  he's takin the dog back to where he bought it from cuz it has alrdy attacked my step dad 2  hes was tryin 2 give the dog a <propmale> but the cat thing was the end  srry he lost his <propmale> but he'll find a better 1
fuckin phone aint workin again    all i can do is text   sick of this shit! guess ima have to put off my tv a bit longer    grrrrrrrrrrrrr!
"dont u hate it when u need another beer, u get up grab it , have a smoke, then go to sit back down then u gotta pee  lol"
tired of bullshitters and fake ass ppl  where all the real ppl at? dont mind me im just annoyed 
"sunburn  sunblock didnt help lol  tiff actually got in the water! woot! but she wouldnt let me jump off the rope swing cause she said it was \unsafe\"" > > maybe next time d:"""
the house sold! wooot!!!!
i hate ppl
long weekened  put an offer on a house  sucks the one i wanted was gone >< but this one is still awsome  surprise  got my netbook for school and got all the shopping done for the 80's party! my outfit is sick! didnt get to get my new phone tho cause i spent too much at the fair lol but overall good weekend!
needa get a mouse for my netbook  this touch pad thing too sensitive and pissin me off lol
this peach mango <propfemale> light is the best shit ever!
cheaters never win and winners always lose   wierd!
day and a half and off for the weekend   i should go to bed   waitin to bring sexy back to the 80s this weekend  laugh 
love havin this netbook  wish it were a high end laptop tho! id be gamin! lol couple more hrs till done with work woot!
ok so ran out of packing tape and cant leave to get more     gay!
oh tape   how i love thee  that u were in my drawer!
yay! thursday!!!
primpin for 80s party tonight! woot!
start school tonight   so not ready d:
so school wasnt as bad as i thought ^^ of course the 1 annoying person had to sit next to me tho  ah well  lets see how thursday goes ^^
3 root canals in a row  surprise  might be seein my bonus this month  laugh  woot
school tonight d: so tired   dont wanna get home at 10 smile 0 lol
welp found out tonight that class will end at 9 instead of 9 smile 0 cause my teacher dont want to stay till 9 smile 0  laugh  stoked
still studying   annoyed   hope i can remember all this info   hope the practice test questions are similar to the real test questions   there are so many definitions and things to remember   forgot how sucky this stuff can be
alright   taco <propfemale> club chalupa here i come  
sociology is confusing me more then psychology   grr brain overload commenced
so pissed   didnt get paid today like normal and my car is bein gay! hope i dont get fucked at the bank           grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"final move this friday   between work, school, homework and moving im going insane lol   cant wait for it to be over!"
half day tomorrow   too bad its the afternoon instead of morning lol  least i get to sleep in a bit ^^
finallly got new work clothes! woot woot! highlight of my day obviously    i need some rope swingin action! gah!
"got the keys for my new house today!! and my new 47\ led tv!!!! soooo freakin stoked! just tryin to find time to do homework  have limited cell reception and wont have tv or internet for a week! gonna go crazyyyy"""
if ever again i have to move a 4 piece couch ima scream ><  somehow i moved out of my moms with twice as much stuff as i did my apartment lol  the retard manager told me my water and gas was on but its not and shes out of town so i can freakin stay there lol   im happy and mad at the same time  and props to <propfirst> for commin to help me tomorrow!! woot!
awsome awsome awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!beers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!karaoke!!!! woooooooooooooooooooooo!!!! haaaaa!!!!!!!11
woot! have internet access for the next 40min lol   everything so crazy   and im sore! wish i didnt have school tonight ><
internet for 40min d: lmao didnt know id go so nutty
net for 30 <propfemale> d: cant wait till friday lol
got net access at school finally! so much for payin attention! lolol
lol so the girls at work are gonna try to set me up with a guy at my bank rofl  is it wierd that he looks like my ex but cuter? both eyes work lmao
white mocha's i love thee! yummmmmmmmmm
yes! internet!!!! glad im a hoarder and kept my old keyboard cause my other one took a shit  laugh 
good times with good ppl  now time to play some ffxi  needa get back in the swing
so i finally get to play some ff and whats the first thing i do  get dragged into ks99 with 2 crazy ppl (gd & xynin) and i lvl down  surprise  good times lmao
off to buy paint! and walmart lol
time to get messy with some paint! woot!
1 wall down   if i get one day next weekend i could probly finish everything d:
just got my copy of ff14 today! almost tempted to dl it on my old pc but it would probly blow it up    hope tiff gets my new one done soon!
ok  gettin my new pc tomorrow then dling ffxiv   i bet ill be on all night  
cant wait till after school!!! new pc then ffxiv download!! gogo! dunno how long it will take but im playin at some point tonight  laugh 
this shit takin forever to dl   grr
still cant play ffxiv   got it installed but there is freakin maintenance  grrr!!
gaming commenced! awsomeeee!
shoppin for swords  maybe a little painting  then more ffxiv!
got my samurai sword   and a couple sick blades   just need some hooks to mount them  laugh 
ok   i needa get off ebay   
"my friday is almost over  laugh  woot! cept for school tonight but still got some time for beers, ffxiv or painting  surprise "
"\our best friend <propmale> is probly face down in a ditch right now with a meth head butt fucking his corpse!\""   \""that's highly unlikely\"" lol"""
just heard that fox wants to higher their fees with dish network and dish dont wanna pay so may have all fox stations taken away  if this happens ima be pissed and switch to direct tv! i need my fox shows! like glee and so you think you can dance anddddddd family guy!
kitchen done painted   living room almost done! looks awsome!
everything done for my halloween costume! just need some blue contacts! gonna be awsome!
my chakram should be here tomorrow   *grin*
i will burn the bridge you walk on!
talkin bout drug addictions in psych class and my teacher put up a picture of <propfirst> lohan  bwahh
crazy thunder and lightening storm right now! its rainin like a bitch! woot!
holy crap loud angry thunder! waaapaaaaa!
geez now that <propfemale> handler and 50 cent are supposidly dating they keep playin his songs on the radio  kinda annoying
get me off ebay! and i hate fuckin ppl keep tryin to outbid me!
f%&& <propfemale> calenders! i got a claim jumper pot pie!    drool   
drinkin at tiffs wooot! bought some more bad ass swords at a huge garage sale today!! theyre so awsome!
ok so my mom bought a quad   now she tryin to talk me into gettin one lol its pretty sweet
"beer, tacos,paint"
painting my sis's walls black and <propfirst> bieber came on! wheres my knife!
"beer, paint, and tacos again w  tiff and <propfemale>  laugh "
awww no <propfemale>    sad face! but <propfirst> is her replacement so he's gettin put to work! waaapaaa! lol get to go home tomorrow finally   not that i dont like hangin with sis but i miss my <propfemale> and i have to get on ffxi for paco   and i rly want to get my bathroom painted and pick up halloween costume from mom so i can try it on  laugh   glad i was able to help tiff tho to take away some of her stress ^^
sweet! got a b on my test! guys its confirmed   im not as dumb as i look! shaweeng!
finally   my new camo quilt and drapes gonna be here tomorrow after all the crap and nasty emails i wrote to get it   geez!
bitter beer face!
am i gonna be single forever? i hate men   im at a good point in my life  rdy to offer  but guys are just fricken tools? durr yea   fags!!
i want fries   
guess i cant return my shoes today cause the mall is on fire lol   and there is a hostage situation lol
bevis and butthead do <propfemale> is on! haha
got my contact lenses! my halloween costume is complete! picked up my new quilt from mom and my bro was jealous lol  laugh  time for some beer and paint!
usin my free ppv coupons  laugh  gonna watchin <propfirst> hood woot
sending my quilt back   it was wayyyy to big lol should get my new one thursday  homework and movies all day  surprise  maybe some paint if im up for it    smile 
i would totally do <propmale> crow
lol so i just got a text ive been waiting for lol!! grudge much? im so sick of pussy's and mind game playin thats why i just never give a shit anyway  don't trust ppl and dont get hurt  smile  or make em think you do but when they think theyve played you you can just lyfao! think ima have a nice cold beer now in celebration  and always remember! fuck you and the horse you rode in on bitches!!! woooooooooot!!
gonna watch <propmale> of persia   more sexiness!
cant wait till saturdayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!
oh mushroom chicken  how i love you  let me count the ways   endin my monday feelin satisfied  laugh  lol
gettin irritated with this whole paining thing   now the bathroom dont look thae way i want it and i wanna change it   why was the living room and kitchen a 1 shot deal now my bathroom and bedroom pissin me off > > finally got the bedroom under control  but wtfbathroomfuckshitfuck!
why does my boss try and sit outside with me when im tryin to smoke lol he knows i dont like him to see me smokin and when he comes out hes like haha i caught u lol
im cracked out on coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!! weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
had fun last night w  <propfirst> lol its fun to <propfemale> out with someone who's as sick  and twisted and funny as you lol gotta get the pic of him in my xena wig lmfao he looked like a total emo kid lol! but  now time to cram for my test tonight  damnit   
"\big girls do more stuff\"" ^^"""
paint paint and more paint d: cant wait for tomorrow!! eeeeeeeeee
gonna use my new ready set go cooker!!! but i only have stuff to make grilled cheese  annoyed  needa go grocery shoppin lol    this thing has so many yummy recipes! *drool*
is it time for beer????
           i hate terrorists for interrupting my soap  grrrr
come see me! xena warrior <propfemale> tomorrow at pistole petes! this is a once in a life time <propmale> to meet the badest chick ever! but please no autographs ill be drinkin lol! j k cant wait!!!
just a small town girl  livin in this lonely worrrrld  she took the midnight train goin anywherrre
my fucking room is so awsome lol  laugh ddddd
i win the internet!
milk is bad  so cant have cereal  out of coffee creamer ;; but i have whhhhhip cream! booyaa
mmm  sausage  laugh 
ok  nough fuckin around   time to get in the shower and get my xena on!
monday    think its mcdonalds this morning  
can monday be over alrdy  needa study   annoyed 
what a fuckin jacked up day this has turned into
ok  didnt do as bad as i thought on my test   im still in the game  gettin to crunch time  gotta buckle down   2 more test to go and if i do somewhat good i can pass with a b   go me d:
gettin a massage after work! woot! i rly need it  laugh 
sore throat  feel like crap  work is busy w  only 30min lunch  then school  not happy
you say tomato   i say   clamato! yum
i think i would do <propmale> <propmale>
fuck yes lol awsome movies on comedy central today!
make em say uhhhhhhhhhhhh   uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh nananana nananana!
oh thursday   i love you   only 4hrs then my weekend starts! excluding school lol   shoppin a bit after work d: lets see if i can find a kinect!
ok  i did it  got my xbox  dance central here i come! lmao! also got cod black ops for ps3 and a pink controller! im so gonna tear shit up! hahahahaaa
kinect w  kevikev   tiff im so commin over tomorrow with this thing
so much fun last night ~ 0! too bad it was so short! goin back to bed lol
what a relaxing day  house is clean  fridge actually full lol looks wierd  might not be able to eat everything lol  ordered netflix so gonna watch random movies and possibly some homework  may take a shot at cod later again was drunk last night and needa refig my controller lol
found cool world on netflix!!!!!!!! eeeeeeeeeee!!
love bein able to sleep in till 10 smile 0 lol  got a whole lotta nothin planned today! homework  tv  maybe finally decorate  laugh  possible xi later  laugh 
avatar looks so sick on my tv i can barely concentrate on my reading lol
finished my homework  finally lol   dont think i have time for ff but have time to dance it up! woot!
why did i decide to make my xbox live id  update taking forever! i just wanna dance dammit!
i couldnt stop! >< omg bed!
been runnin around like a freakin banshee today! 30min lunch off at 4 d:
shall we dance?
this shit is harder then i thought   enough dancing   <propmale> time!
lol my boss told us he was out till 3am partyin lol todays his bday  wonder why he didnt wait till today lol
is it weird that when i pop something i start laughing? like my knee just popped and i started laughin  im weird lol
wierd day today  that is all
for some reason <propfirst> rowe reminds me of earnest   idk y  
just got an industrial piercing in my ear   it burns so good  
"@ tiifs  one of the sides of the piecing hurts but it was totally worth it, and it helped to have a cute piercer with good taste in music lol"
i heart dark chocolate!
watchin jackass and my niece just told us that party boy looks like uncle <propfirst> lmao
i needa hurry and leave gv b4 i get stuck here lmao but i was told there is pizza tonight   very tempting lol
looks like im stayin in gv lol <propmale> better get enough pizza!
awww tiff got me malibu and sprite! woot!
k  almost through this bottle of rum and i think my boobs r shrinking d: puttin up xmas decs at tiffs!!!
your gay ha!
hahahahahaaaa the rum is gone!!!
5th of rum to the dome   pizza  cookies  gown ups movie   bwahahahahaaaaa
snow!!! woot!!!!
at tiffs eatin bicuits and gravy after a long night of drunkeness and playin in the snow tryin to use cardboard boxes as sleds lol
give me a snow day!! havnt been home since wednesday lol  my poor <propfemale>
so   hadda dig myself into my driveway  cat was out of food   and when the power went out i think it fried my router  not happy
at tiffs drunk hahahaaaaa hit it
made my green been caserole and ham dip  drinkin bloody marys right now  life is good  smile  mom dont know what to do cause she not cookin for once lol happy tg
gonna get the <propfirst> <propmale> e playful erience for the wii! hahahahaaa
dont know what ya gottt tilll it goneeeeeeeeeeee! gogo tiff sing!
2nd thanksgiving dinner cause i guess i was so plowed i only ate green bean caserole lol   im so hungry! watchin movies with tiff ^^ finally go home tomorrow and maybe get some stuff done if homework dont tie up the rest of my weekend lol
mm   breakfast at tiffany's   then home for some homework and gametime after <propmale> puts up my shelves  laugh 
mmm    sausage!
ok  just got my grade from my last test  im still in the running   i bet it was the essay and bonus question that saved me   2 weeks and 2 more tests to go d: my brain hurts
mm   pastrami!
well   took the assessment test  passed english and reading with flying colors  but math    fail grrrrr!!! now i have to take hella math classes god dammit!
@ tiffs  got class tonight d: then gettin some vodka  laugh  my sis needs a break  laugh  auntie is in charge!
chicken nuggets  vodka  & m&ms    lmfao this is awsome! <propfemale> olden's house! my awesome sis!
tiff just found a huge fuckin spider at my house and caught it to show my step dad omg!! im wiggin ! i needa move!
twilight marathon! the spider still freakin me out! tiff took it to show my dad  then maybe a xena marathon woot woot
i just totally aced my final! one more to go!
grilled cheese and tomato soup mmmm   
<propfirst> trump for president?? anyone else like this idea! i do!
just went to dinner with my bro and cousin  smile  they r such dorks lol
havin drinks with tiff at chilis woot woot
ahh stella  how i love thee   let me count the ways   dont worry steak sandwich  i didnt forget about you!
1hr family guy woot woot
lame day
nother borin day   least i get off at 4 ^^
another day another dollar   shoppin and tannin after work woot!
off at 4 again  laugh  woot
ahhhh new work clothes!
omg!! i was so freaked out that i failed my other class!! the teacher sent out a mass email sayin pretty much everyone dropped a letter grade on the last test! i ended up with a b!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck yes im not the c guy anymore!! b's in both classes baby! fuck yes!
tired  have a feelin its gonna be an awkward day at work
have a feelin its gonna be a hell of a day    starbucks here i come!
mmm  pickles  
big bowl of <propmale> n cheese and a blue <propfemale> for dinner haha the single life
drunk at applebees with tiff hahaaaaa
just gotta make it till 1 smile 0   then finish wrappin presents at my house with tiff!
not used to listenin to 80's music in the morning lmao
"vodka n cran  wrappin presents, listenin to rap lol gogo master p!"
ok spose to be drinkin vodka n cran but we've each only have had half a drink and the bottle is halfway gone  damn shots get away from u lmao
idk  im drunk  updating ffxi   grrr   wtf update
coffee kickin in! rdy for our mexican xmas!! margaritas and karaoke!! woohooo
well my left overs were a trash bag full of beer and tiffs cake   and my power keeps flickering! it better fricken stay on!
can work just be over   kthx
kept thinkin i hadda renew my dental license but it dont e playful ire till 2012 woot woot savin 70 bucks  laugh 
shouldnt have tried to eat a sandwich and top ramen w  cheese   d:
time for power tools! finally bought a 100 piece screw set  all ive ever had is random screws (lol) yea and none were big enough (lol)   geeze   lotta inuendos in this sentence hahahahaaaa! usin my new drill gun! woot!
fucking love aqua teen lmao
did so good at work this yr   i see a big chunk of money commin my way! wapppaaa!!!
my cat loves my new jammies but they feel like a soft blinket so she keeps clawin my damn leg d:
heard some chingy earlier and decided to pandora him   this is awsome!! im a balla  high rolla baby  shot calla   drivin bitches crazy
toooooo the windooooowwww to the wall! till sweat run down my balls! all these bitches crall!!
its amazing how much u can get done with some beer in u lol  wish i could play hookie today  but my fridays tomarrow so just needa tough it out
1 more long ass procedure then off to get my table!
kitchen table mine! lol
ahh yea   this electric blinket i got for xmas is awsome  doze   
6hrs then off to tiffs for some hair dying antics!
lasagna for breakfast then power nap b4 i start my hair and gettin sexy for my new yrs bday night!
"gettin naughty, crazy and stupid! woot!!!"
im an as seen on tv addict  i must now get the perfect sit up lmao
went to bed as a brunette   hittin the town tonight as a red head! woot!
startin off with some mexican food and margaritas with tiff!
new yrs shoppin after lunch to go with my sexy hair hehe ringin out this bitch in style
bleh   that is all
"the 3 s's   soup, soaps and sleep  "
happy flu day to me    goin into work to open then leavin to the dr   grrrr
thx for the birthday wishes ppls ^^ srry im not in a good mood today d:
hurray for sinus infection and bronchitis woo   off work today and tomorrow for now   
thx everyone ^^ best thing bout this day so far is my taco tree breakfast burrito lol
hehe the craft is on  laugh 
my mom took her <propfemale> to the hospital  annoyed 
just talked to mom and the cat is ok  and she was freakin out cuz when her phone rang it was the exact minute that i was born so she had to sing to me again lol
someone shoot me  ;;
hot chocolate and smores   i rly dont care that i cant breathe atm
still no work today but feelin better  sux i gotta be sick when its <propfemale> out   i wanna do something but mom says ill relapse but im so freakin bored!!
lol fuckin aqua teen so funny but when i laugh i cough lol! ><
i want my house to look like neds on 17 again  and have a dorky date like his lol
"\you can plunder my dungeon anytime\"" \""ill bring my longbow\"" lmao"""
forgot how cool minority report was  havnt seen in for days   also watched <propmale> hanks in bachelor party last night and that shit was funny as hell lol!
had a couple <propfemale> tias  got by bow fitted and its awsome! got my wood floor! now on a mission for a curio cabinet  smile  i feel kinda worn out lol
glad i got the color floor i did  smile  its gonna look sick ^^ my last big project then back to not spendin monies till vegas woot woot
man  its been so long since ive used vicks vapor rub  reminds me of my ravin days  cept im not puttin it under my eyes lol
bout to eat the rest of my steak pita thing from chilis  mmm  then hope i pass out d:
gonna shoot my bow today  laugh  eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"so was out shootin my bow with my step dad and he shot an arrow and knocked the target so it was leanin back and his arrows were stickin up  he says \just shoot \"" so i did and shot one of his arrows in half and he says \""wtf r u <propfirst> hood!\"" lol  oh and both football games were awesome too lol"""
"ahh  young love lol  i sense make-up sex  went outside to smoke and heard my neighbors daughter and bf fighting  the first thing i heard was him say \all i was tryin to do was cuddle!\"" then it turned into some other crap lol"""
alright  time to fuck with my new pc  so i can quit usin my old one  lets see how smart i am d:
puttin up my swords   house is lookin sick! might take some pics later! hopin this shit i found will let me run ffxi cuz i wanna see how much different it looks on this pc dammit! and this pc so much quieter lol  
wish i had one more day  i rly want some beer lol
its working!!
im smart!!!! eeeeeeeeeee!! now 9hrs of updating ><! now that i got this shit square its on!! ffxi time for meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
a patient just complimented me on my looks  smile  such a confidence booster  laugh ddd
why do my muscles hurt so  bad      is this the after effect of bein sick? feels like i been doin squats and holdin a weight over my head  grrr  rawr  
ok facebook  your too quiet tonight  lets livin the mood  surprise  i need a stage name for friday for some pole dancing  any suggestions? i was gonna go with titts mcgee
attn!!!: i got stuck with 2 baby pitbulls 6weeks old  one girl brown and white and one boy black and white!! i cant keep them for long so please tell your friends and let me know if anyone wants them >< i didnt wanna see them go to the pound!!! please help!!
my cat wants to know whats in the laundry room   hehe!
spying on the puppies hehe theyre snuggled up together lol so cute! wish i could keep em but i cant lol
man   i rly want a dog lol but i work too much  annoyed  at least they have homes now  smile  (for some reason i knew u were gonna want one stash lol) and thank you! they r just too cute   and if my hand was bigger theyd fit in my palm lol
lmfaotosh 0
get to see the final product of pretty much a full mouth reconstruction today! i may be more excited then the patient lol  laugh 
couple mishaps on the case this morning but it was taken care of and we bought our patient penuts!
about 6hrs and weekend here i come!
well   bro showed up une playful ectedly to start my floor so i had to rush home to help d:  got all the carpet and shit pulled up so we get to start layin floor in the morning ^^  now time to clean up the puppie mess ><
ewww  im a sagittarius wtf
so excited! <propmale> is here and we layin the floor! my base boards were so shitty i have to get new ones but thats ok  smile  it will just look even better!
my floor will be done tomorrow and so far it looks awesome!!!! drinkin beer and settin my pc back up cuz i need muzik!!!!!!!!!!
just pandora'd <propfirst> valentino and its sickkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
"i wanna know, i wanna know   your name, your name, your name, why u gotta be anonymous"
puttin together my kitchen table and idk in the directions it labeled the wrench   i know i should use a wrench to tighten the nuts lol
im still up lmao! got the table together and its sick!!!!
wtf y do i have a wow disc
i need a nap ;;
floors are done! needa get new base board but the color is awesome! now  in gv gettin my drank on ><
oh bottle of vodka  why ust u consume me and make me sleep all day on this nice day  annoyed 
tryin to get the coffee kick so i can go home and stare at my new floor lol maybe hit moms for some bow shootin
dont wanna work today d: want to sleep!
everyone keeps askin why were workin on a holiday  i should ask why they came in on a holiday  its freakin busy
grrr   think i had too much caffeine ><
mmm  shrimp salad!
taxes r gay   nuff said  not happy
so i will never shop at safeway again  their club price is the same or higher then other stores  and they have crappy fruit  i ate a cross bread orange today  when i opened it it looked like a grapefruit now my tongue is all funky
so glad tomorrows my early day and start of my weekend cuz im bout to punch someone in the neck
actually playin ff lol
sooo tired >< about 6hrs then my weekend begins  laugh  im over this week
ok   my scale says i lost 7lbs alrdy   not that im complaining but i just started my diet monday lol unless i lost a bit the week i was sick   wierd d:
thirsty thursday  why must u encourage my drinkin habits  thinkin its beer time after the week ive had
dum dum didayyy
told myself i was gonna stay home all weekend but   bringin the xbox to tiffs and havin some drinks and playin dance central baby woot! might stop at best buy and pick up the <propfirst> <propmale> e playful erience lmao! have to get vodka for her n e wayz!
omg i got a <propfirst> <propmale> glove with the game omg!!!!! im beside myself! *feint*
finally gettin my second wind  so glad i start school monday cuz it means i will be doin homework instead of drinkin vodka  so over it  beer only pls
alright coffee lets do this!
thought i wasnt gonna have to plug in my old pc for a while   but i didnt save my macros for my game onto the server so i can load onto my new pc and there is no way in hell im rewriting those   grr!  maybe ill do it in a bit after laundry and dishes  
go packers! woot woot
why does football make u wanna drink beer   i have a 18pk in the fridge callin my name  tryin to refrain ><
14 to 0 already  laugh  bwahahahaa
lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
come on packers   do or die time! lets do this!!
fuck yea bj raji lol!! touchdown gb!!
fuck yes gb to sb lol!!!!!!!!!!!! in jer face!!!!
ok   lets go jets   have to pick one and it aint steelers! lmao
can still do it  
oh well   packers gonna own your ass
this bobs burger show is weird lol
facebook lied   family guy is a rerun
not lookin forward to today   d:
off to nutrition class   uhg
cant wait to get out of here
just a note  dont eat fruit then drink coffee  its freakin disgusting
dear fucktards! lock up your fucking dogs!!!!!! this is the 4th dog ive almost hit in the past week  i thought it was just foresthill but i was wrong!!
engrish time lawl
goin home today d: first night of english last night and alrd have 2 <propfemale> essay to write   gay  at least i have 3days of shows recorded on dvr to watch!
ppl are fucking stupid  i hate working with all girls  wish i was back by myself  your 35 so act like it
bookin around tryin to find the rock culprit and i dont run so this is serious business  of course i have beer in hand while doin it
need a fucking vacation   cant wait till vegas on spring break in april hopefully
well  no other company tonight <propfemale>    more brauts for me!!!!!!!!!!!!and omg they smell so yummy!!!!!!!!1
6hrs or less  hope it goes by quick so i can go home and write this essay and have the rest of the weekend free d:
im hommmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! beer and homework and 8 soaps to watch!
chihuahua's are such tools lol  my neighbors was backin at me in attack mode when my cats bigger then him haha
"why is it so much easier for me to think straight with a buzz  im doing my essay and already have my intro, 3 bodys and conclusion, just need to fill in the blanks which i have in my head just need to write faster lmao! i need to start goin to class buzzed cuz b4 i started drinkin i was so confused with the instruction and what to write  rofl!!"
i need help!!!!!!!!!!!! my laptop screen turned sideways and im not smart enough to fix somethin like that lol im somehow workin the mouse even tho its all backwards and sideways
i see u windin and grindin up on that poleeeeeeeeeeeeee i know u see me look at u and i alrdy i wanna fuck uuu
beer 13   still kickin  lollllllllll
"wish i was on a soap opera so i can have a consistent job  make out and get married to everyone  come back to life or change my face like 5 times, and have a job till i was 100"
16           
omg  i turned on <propfemale> to somethin fiece lol                
crap    i wanna be so racist right now   lol $$^iiiii%#%ii*%u%u%u not hateful racist but lol
gtl
wow     i feel normal and wtf am i doin awake! back to bed!
crap   didnt mean to sleep this late lol looks like i just have to do everything later lol
omg stalker!!!! callin tifff
come on ass! get in gear!
coffeeee!!!!!!!!!
so much to do today   but the laziness is tryin to overcome me! cant wait for tiff to get here!
ok gettin a move on! i actually get to make dinner today! makin chicken ole'! chicken is bein cook and just gotta prepare the rest later! im thinkin its almost beer time!
things up in the air    might have all this beer and food for myself ;; *cry*
"instead of makin drunk posts, doin music spam d: hope u like!"
"awesome night last night with tiff, <propmale>, some beer, chicken ole and dance central! suprisingly no hangover  smile  and it tried to snow a bit  time to finish my homework and watch movies all day  smile    that is if my power will stay on!"
i know im a xena fan  but i actually havnt watched it in a few yrs  so guess what i finally put in my dvd player! zomg its xena day!
season 1 commence!
3 day work week then 2 day seminar   i hate goin to sac > > w e might not stay the whole time  need to get homework done because lots of weekend antics are planned! superbowl at my house!! woot!
monday monday   incomming toothaches d:    day be over soon >< school tonight  uhg
busy     d:
i dont wanna go to school   wanna go home and play video games!
off to english    d:
have a busy schedule today   glad its my last day  dental seminar tomorrow and friday d: only stayin half day so i can get my homework done b4 our saturday drunk antics and my superbowl party!
wanna get out of here   so drained and tired today i can wake up  and it doesnt help that stupid bitch comes back from lunch late and i was so fuckin hungry  bout rdy to stab fools  need a beer 
of course the stupid bitch is late which is gonna make me late for our seminar
omfg im still waitin for this bitch  she said at 7 that shed be here in 20 shes and hr fucking late  i wish this was a work day  thx for ruinin my day bitch
oh good song hell yea! boy ull never find another love as good as this  so u better represent   cuz my love is the shit  the bomb baby
finally got rid of her    now i have to clean up the food mess she spilled in my car   just another thing on my to do list b4 tomorrow   but tomorrow will be a better day  laugh 
well glad i was late on purpose today cuz she not here again  hope she didnt bring vodka again  at least i dont have to take her home  have plans  smile 
rockin out! salt and pepas here and were in effect want u to push back cool in the day and the night workin up a sweat
if she aint here in ten minutes im leavin her ass  already missin the 8:15 class now
will be runnin late today for good reasons  smile  hehehe
tiffs gonna hold down the for cuz im gonna be late to my own party lol
just feel like eating and sleepin   screamin kids runnin around so vodka down the hatch d:
wandering around like a zombie  sore and dont feel like moving lol  have only choked down 1 beer and 1 shot so far  annoyed    doze   
green and yellow green and yellow!
all the food is done   rdy for some packer action!
woot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!td!!!!!!!!!!
again!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol!!!!!!!!!!!!
usherrrrrrrrr  love 333333
wooooot!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck yes!!!!
and gb ftw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
weird things   ive had a headache since yesterday  wish i didnt have to work  gotta slam this coffee
"what a freakin day   1 girl is out and i think my bp spiked cuz i got dizzy, eyes went cross eyed and almost fell on the floor  wtf"
head hurts   not goin to class  annoyed 
cant wait till thursday   so tired  vanilla sky   hollaaaa
coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
im too short to reach the cereal     annoyed 
can weee taaaaaaaaaaaallllllllkkkkk for aaa minute   giiiirrlll i want to knowwww yourrr nammmeeee
idk how you can be happy and stressed out at the same time but thats how i feel lol
ok  im in a weird mood   i just broke out dancin for no reason and theres no music on   lmao! i had mind music on tho hahahaha
tosh is almost on!!!!
yay! tomorrow is my friday! i will be going tanning today! finally! its sexy time!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1im not working tomorrow!!! waaapaaaa!!!
im runnin on gum and coffee d:
yup      
well   guess im getting a tattoo today   lmao
bout to get tattooed    tims on the hot seat  im next   crap lol
tattooo is done hehehehehe
gonna post a pic of the new tat later   but for now i need a nap   
crap   i just woke up   lol and i still dont wanna be up  hope i have sum a&d somewhere
ahh crap    mom just talked me into drinks and karaoke with my bro and cousin   looks like im headed out lol
welp   im home ^^ got my <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst> on  threw in some lady gaga and had sum steak lol   im burnt out  
nother day  gotta get homework done  should start now so i got the rest of the day   needa clean my house  annoyed  cant move this damn rockin chair back either lol
i want to love youuuu! pyt! pretty young thang!
watching the first 4 episodes of spartacus i havnt watched yet   yea i cant concentrate on my homework  lmao!
need to quit focusing on hot sweaty men and put it on english! rofl
lol theyre takin opium  this show freakin rocks lol
why are my hips sore  grr d:
baby if you strip you can get a tip cuz i like you just the way you are
idk why everyone tryin to hate valentines day   i guess the only ppl who should be hatin are the ones not gettin laid   its a day of love   not presents  
alright  wheres my beer
with you right here im a rocketeerrrr   lets   flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
tomorrows just another day  work and school   gonna get me some chocolate and a&d ointment   woot
got myself some reeses! woot!!
song of the day   do the hustle  cuz thats what im doin!
rly    gimme a break  
keep on keepin on
last couple weeks ive been chipper  today is just gay and now i dont feel good  hate ppl
today is all about pullin teeth    with i could rip on out someone head lol
at tiffs  debating on goin to class   
"lol my dove chocolate quote says \whisper in the dark\"" lol"""
woot <propmale> gave me weapons! awsome!!!!
another day  no snow    annoyed 
i forsee a boring weekend   my couch or tiffs lol d:
penis!
that thong thong thong thong thong
dove chocolate msg   find your passion  yea my passion is chocolate ha!
lol   i made a friend     the dog snuck out the room to sleep with me   so its cali and cali lol
cant wait to go home and snuggle with my <propfemale>  smile   hope all my patients live in the snow so i can go home earlier then 1 smile 0 lol
ok   i may get snowed in if i dont get out of here lol and i dont have a shovel lmao
ahh crap   handle of mo capitan!
ah snap   3 am wake up call lmao! all lights on and wet hair  dammit <propmale> for makin me pound shots lol
<propmale> is singin prince   lmfao
pu push it real good!
ok last night   too drunk for dance off pants off so i need to push it wooooooooooo
hate tryin to eat when i cant breathe    grrr
off to get munchies and vodka   needs me a bloody <propfirst>
so was in the grocery store with tiff and we were in line and i was behind her cuz i had my own cart and this old lady in her motor cart rams me in the pack and pins me between my cart and here and my cart to tiffs so tiff had to move her cart in order to free me cuz the lady couldnt figure out how to back up   these things can only happen to me lol
mmm    spinach dip    bout to break out the freakin artichoke parmesan    mmm      sex!
oh snow   gotta pick up a snow shovel b4 i head home today   
all the real slim shadys please stand up!
damn yous a sexy chick!
when life gives you lemons   break out the <propfemale> and salt!
what to do   what to do  
slowwww riiide! take it easyyy!
im on a boat!
watchin step brothers with tiff! love this freakin movie lol
boats and hoes!
<propfemale> fucking wine mixer!
i like the way u do it therrr
she naked  she soak n wet   she naked  she n wet   shake it like a salt shaker!
if u hold the head steady ima milk the cow! blau!
dance off pants off   waitin for tiffs friend to get here! woooooooo
 annoyed  old things   need to stay away from hard liquor   grrrrr
oiy heartburn
gonna go home  watch a weeks worth of soaps and snuggle with my <propfemale>   ^^
think i should eat some pimentos so my ass will perk up and get on out this biotch and buy a snow shovel lol
glad i got the shovel cuz i had to dig myself into my driveway lol
i got my chef baskets!!! wooot!
ive been sittin on my butt doin <propfirst> shit! <propmale> sunday
oh monday   pls be a quick one  rdy to get my karaoke on for moms bday this weekend d:
oh <propmale> monday   for i am home d:
<propfemale> congested   need my singin voice b4 the weekend  annoyed 
hmmm   
black black black n blue beat me till im numb ohh!
cuz darlin id still catch a grenade for yaaaaaaaaaaaa
damn freakin song needs to get out my head   cant concentrate on homework  
*needs some excitement* d:
chocolate milk    nom nom
i like turtles
<propfemale>! you dont have to put on the red liggght!
horoscope says someones lyin to me    step up! or get bent!
to legit to quit
not a single salty tear   not a feelin in my chest  baby im feelin no stress  im to fly to be depressed   mmmm go on girl
ham sandwich and emergency! come on voice hop to! got get my karaoke on dammit!
the humpty dance is your <propmale> to do the hump  uhhh do me babyyy
just saw the cutest lil poodle lol
gettin rdy for class   not looking forward to it  annoyed 
just me  my egg rolls and tosh  
it never fails to be weird!
almost my weekend!! couple more hours of this and half day tomorrow d:
fml
alright! vanilla sky is empty! who wants to fuckin die
wanted to keep dreamin   ugh
come on coffee   ><
ick   gained 5lbs   back to stupid diet after moms bday this weekend ><
at tiffs! rdy to get jiggy wit it!
ok  im tryin to be a genius   but we still cant light my sis's gas unit  which means no heater   need help    she wont let me disassemble it ><
lol pretty much all gv and <propfemale> city out of power   so bored   lets drink!
bloody <propfirst> sprite and cheetos for breakfast! say what!
i need this thing called 4wheel drive cuz we shmabbin in tiffs suburban lol
welp  food is outside and batterie almost dead on laptop so cant charge our phones  lol
ok  tiff was spose to just get more vodka cuz we run out alrdy and she hand me the bag and im like wtf lol vodka and cheezits lol we maybe shouldnt have drove to the store lmfao
really wants the sledge hammer video
hooray power! dog was keepin me hella warm tho lol
ahhh  nice day  smile 
back on the diet train monday  just need to make it through 11days  needa get my sexy on for vegas  surprise 
pop pop that pussy pop pop that pussy baby
just had to dig about 2ft of snow out of my driveway    ><
so sore   but get off 30min early woooooo! but in <propfemale> land and almost got hit by a <propfirst> crossin the street lol
yay! im off on thursday!!
dangerous  that girl is so  dangerous   that girl is a flyyyy girrrl
this is how we chill from 93 till
no care in the world today    its gonna be a good day  kinda sleep walkin tho hehe
alrdy got dinner and booze for tonight  laugh  so now i can just go strait home ^^ lil drinkin and sum kinect antics i see in my future  lol
one more hour!!! then off to see my    cat  lol
doze   
omfg   im so sick of this new lady gaga song!
bar is out of bluemoon   oh no fat tire here i come
they brought down a keg from upstairs  bluemoon to the rescue
i wish the bar would show just boxing  i cant deal with this basketball shiz   im gettin excited at the commercials lol   
ahh shit   random tattoos again   
oh no  its goin down   gettin my other side blasted  hope i dont pass out lol
oh no  my turn   
just wanna be home alrdy  needs a nap
got my rent fixed  she forgot to fix mine > > dropped $500 thank god  but otw to the bank a biker almost plowed into the side of my car  i wish he woulda lol but he was flippin me off instead  lameass
sleepin  annoyed  reality starts tomorrow
*shrug*
fucking phone is a pos  im done tryin to text  if im needed fb me  ive fucking had it
 smile  good phone call ^^ nows time for more sleep and eat this sandwich cuz i didnt wanna eat it on the phone lol   hope mondays a good day
i wanna go back to dreamin bout coffee instead of drinkin it  ya im a tard  dunno why i was dreamin bout coffee lol   
on the move this morning! get'r done!
doin it and doin it and doin it well!
so we got our hours cut at work due to slowness    its not too bad tho  only got cut 2hrs on tuesdays  guess that means i have more time b4 class ^^
sweet   homework done   time to eat! think im havin same as tiff  playful !
i fucking hate my phone   ;;
finally finished my taxes   lol    now 1 more <propmale> to take care of tomorrow and i can get that weight off my shoulders  smile  my brain hurts lol
*sigh  *
let me out of here   think im irritated for one reason   hmmm
home with my gay phone   my happy mood just twirled the other way   damn me bein all stingy  but i wants what i want d:
food!
wish my chocolate had mint inside lol
nice wake up call    cramp in the calf x3   *cry*
i can stand blood and puss but i cant stand touchin soggy cotton rolls   grosses me out!
"so i just met an 80 yr old lady who is the hugest perv ive ever met  lol she kept talkin bout gettin laid and when dr gave her a shot shes like \i didnt know my butt could clench like that anymore\"" lol hope im like her when i get old hahahahaaa"""
time to get ready for the weekend! first stop   grocery shoppin! woot!
    hate grocery shoppin when i gotta buy shampoos and vitamins and shit   ive never spent this much lol  i did get sum steak and chicken ole crap tho  think ima just eat penuts and beer till sunday lol
havin some wine in my <propfemale> glass! haha
cleaned my fridge  smile  now its somewhat stocked ^^ its mostly beer poweraid and 7up cuz have to keep everything else frozen lol  freezer is jam packed  laugh  but nice lol
keeps sayin someones commenting on my status but when i look its not there  wtf lol
hungryyy
hahahaha this glee episode where theyre all drunk is awsome hahaha
ok   i wanna ride a fake bull at a cowboy bar lol
double stuffed cakesters   cheaaaaa <propmale>!
oh yea   <propmale> skit!
bout 6hrs today  least we doin an implant ^^ plans were to come home but gotta take mom to hoesville  oh wells  gonna be able to whip through my homework then either work on the house or play cod if nothin else comes up
off mondayyyy woot! and love this new <propfirst> brown and busta rhymes song lol
decided to get some fast food today  bad idea   it put me in a lazy slump  taco tree only from now on
1 more paragraph and this shit is gold! dont even think im gonna need to revise! so wont have to stress about homework next week  smile  and i may still have some time to get shot! woooty woot woot! cod is sayin come get this cuz u suxorz lol
got a pretty tissue box  smile  i get excited over the littlest shit hehe
crap     just woke up  hahaha shit!
both soaps ended leavin me hangin! fml! *yells at tv* !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i didnt know ants like beer  ive had sparatic ants in the house since superbowl and last nite i left a couple empty beer cans on the floor next to my couch and when i went to throw them away those ants were gettin tore up lol
dj! drop that shit!
idk about you but i know about us uhh  thats the only way we know how to rock
blam! deuces!
hmmm   
need to get my tat finished so i can go tanning >< im gettin white!
mmmm    8 mile is on   
and   schooled!
dammit lol
time change in the morn   d:
yea   pandora wont connect with my facebook   so youtube it is!
replay!!
sunday sunday sunday
looks like its my fuckin lucky day! come on rain!
"fucking love spongebob lol  mr crabs \what doesnt kill you usually succeeds in the second attempt\"" lmao"""
im too excited i needa calm down lol
so slow at work lol    bored!
mine  nuff said
off at 4 woot
"oh yea   kinectin it up,,,"
bout rdy to get my grub on   hungryyyy
this port wine is sooo good   the blue cheese was kinda weird  but the seriously sharp cheddar is sex
goin back under the gun again  not hungover this time and stil didnt go to bed till six lol  so tired
almost doneeeeeee
i feel like i was punched in the ribs  saki bombs i dont like u   im freakin starving
missin my boi alrdy  sad face
watchin more tattoo madnessssss woot
cant wait to get home and watch my ten soaps and see my <propfemale>  smile 
soap opera central up in this biotch lol
rest of my fat chimichanga  big glass of milk  and cryin at my soap   woot! lol
guess its time for bed     annoyed 
fucking snowed just enough to cover my damn satallite so now gotta go bang that shit off  grr
here comes the hail snow  my power better stay on
   bed 
yea  over it
that drive home sucked! i dont think ive ever drove in the rain thats this hard and the fog didnt help either    once i got closer to home it started to be a rain snow so if it drops a couple degrees ima get fuckin slammed!
accidently put <propfemale> in the bacon pan lol
startin to snow ><!
oh great   think i needa look outside   
eh   was just a tease   no snow  laugh 
news says 70's next week but theyre never right
alright  its tryin to snow lol
tryin not to drink this weekend  think ima fail
bye bye power
"bout 6\ of snow and power keeps goin on and off   """
todays kinda weird   i should be off and runnin but im not  annoyed  just keep fallin asleep on the couch thinkin of things im usually doin at this moment   hopefully these weekends of nothing dont last long  sad 
surprised my satalite still on   its the company havin issues  i should maybe go knock the snow off it tho ><   ps  i love banana shakes!
ok   freakin snowin again
great   a deadly superbug that resists anibiotics   thats not what i wanna hear
if there wasnt alrdy a mikunis in roseville theyre puttin on in for all u sushi fans
still snowing     back to bed  
coffee!
oh snap   realized since my ipod actually works now i can put on my headphones instead of blastin the surround sound woot!
rly needa go to auburn  blah  thinkin bout brealin out some paint > > seems like i get more productive when im drinkin tho  and im not! rawr!
goin nuts here!
ok i was watchin this movie last night and they were makin a turduckin  a turkey stuffed with a duck stuffed with a chicken  i should do this lol
my mom told me bout a rocking papasan chair at pier1 imports    also a love seat papasan    i may get both    dammit lol
yes   zach and miri make a porno is on  guess the dancin gonna have to wait till after!
"im a guy  give me two popsicle sticks, a rubber band and ill find a way to fuck it like a filthy magiver lol"
i wish the 2 cents would just get spent already    jeez  
nice! kung pow enter the fist is gonna be on! hahahahahahahaaaa record!
so randomly woke up and my tv said the dish was abstructed so i loook outside and yea   freakin snowin again   goodnight  
time to go beat shit   (the dish) hehe
yea  gonna have to dig myself out today    cuz i haveeee to go to auburn today   dammit
mmm   russsel crow as <propfirst> hood   
totally gonna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles movie right now lol
im off to get a new phone   hehehe!
oh thank god   just watched the notebook so im blubbering like an idiot and i turn on the tv and step brothers is on so now i can not think about that anymore lol
i have done pretty much nothing this weekend but sleep so i dont have to think   not drinkin because of the diet gave me no motivation   but i have lost 10lbs since monday and thats kinda odd cuz whenever i do this diet i only lose 7lbs in 11 days instead of the 9 like your suppose to    the diet isnt draggin me dont cause i feel awake but i just needa start doin somethin cuz then ill keep goin  
fuck yes!! figured out! time to dl crazy ass ringtones! im sendin some to u tiff! shake and bake!
think thursday   think thursday    
wtf   someone in vacaville got blown up by their newspaper   lol  
ok monday  im going to tackle you  so put on your protective gear and lets get it on!
"mmmhmm todays a good day  im down 10lbs so far, got my teeth cleaned today cuz someone canceled and gettin my hair did by the end of the week (color by tiff woot!) sexy time!"
<propfemale> kardashian is on my soap today and she cant act for shit lol
i want to sleep    damn laundry   
friend at work gave me her hair appointment  laugh  finally gonna get it cut by someone good lol
bleh     school   leavin early cuz i have to  but i just wanna go home now lol
             
         
grrrrr   grrrr    grrr! sadface!
day is goin by so quick lol  late to lunch and by the time i go back i only have to work 2 more hrs lmao and we hit our month goal so bitch better give us our bonus! it will somewhat make up for me not workin next week lol
time for shorts! woot! get'r done!
goin to bed early   just want next week to come   my brain just needs to not think for a while   
cant wait to get my hair done today  laugh  and have a freakin beer! lol
omg sexy hair!
beers and hamburgers with tiff and <propmale>  smile 
if u dont like me at my worst    u dont deserve me at my best!
<propmale> is tryin to beat me with a spatula  
ok     guesss i need a huge pickle to make me feel better   
bwahahahahaaaaaaa
oh big pickles    how i love the    for snappin me out of my drunkness      smile 
dunno why im awake lol
    
ok mimosa cured the hangover  time for tiff to finish my hair and get rdy for tonight 
after today  you'll never see me in lipstick again! lmao
bein lazy  stuffin our faces   i didnt touch any liquor last night  but im so tired! so glad i dont work tomorrow so i can recoup  feel like more crap off just drinkin beer then i did off the bottle past couple nights lol  didnt help that i had to slam all the beers from beer pong so tiff wouldnt get sick lol
mmm    watchin face off    <propfirst> travolta used to be so hot   lol sexa
my day just got a lil brighter  smile  lookin forward to thursday  laugh 
*doze*
had shit to do today  god damn u <propmale>   fucking captain  fucking fuck!
hmmm  *shrug*
out of class early yippie
!
happy wednesday hump day!
today is a good day for me   everything is goin as i want  all i gotta say is   look out! hot damn! lmao
haha stupid bitches are so stupid lmao dunno if u talkin shit but nothin can drag my ass down right now cuz im too fuckin fly for a white guy
heheheheheee yes!
yea  bloody <propfirst> in the hiz  waitin for my boo  yum
its tryin to snow omg
ok snowing!
bath time!
mmm  eggplant parm for dinner   if my boi wakes from his coma  at least im gettin my soaps in lol
shake n bake!
just me  some cadbury eggs   some taledega nights  and opened the bottle of wine since coma boy still sleepin   im afraid to wake him lol
shake n bake!!!!!!
    sleepin beauty still out  gonna try to bust out dinner myself  
eggplant parm and pork chops     nummmmmmmm
was hard to fall asleep last night   didnt wanna get up   back to work today  come on coffee   
ok  day goin quick so far  laugh  cant wait to get home and finish other shit
hmm   homework done  already almost tuesday  i see myself sittin on my ass this weekend  no school next week  wish i woulda had that week off instead of last lol  guess its housework and possibly some bow shootin if the weather is nice   gettin my shit back together so i quit stressin   better things ahead  oh yes  
yes! chucks back!
good day! school tonight d: dont wanna get home late but just thinkin bout the good things that are gonna come my way  laugh 
woot! done 45min early from class!
goin tanning today finally! weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
almost over   2hrs and counting d:
tannin!!!! then home for a bloody <propfirst>  laugh 
cadbury mini eggs and bloody marys? wtf am i smokin! lmao
i thought i had an orange but i dont   sorry blue <propfemale>    just got an energy spert    dishes and cleanin livinroom time since at tiffs tomorrow   
i swear  if i keep gettin credit card offers    ima take em alll and go balls out on luxury trips   then just go bankrupt and have a hit on my cedit for 7-10yrs or w e it is    im fuckin tired of u obtaining my personal info then puttin it on paper and sendin it to me!!! i dont have a paper shredder   assholes   
chkn noodle and grilled cheese  half with jelly so i can dip the other    heaven  
i met god once and he thinks im an idiot  we were at this bar and i was rly drunk and we got into this arguement about abortion   and i tried to kiss him    (american dad) lol
ok im good! work>711 for a raspberry tea   havin a craving  >oil change>tiffs! busy busy
well shit  glad i brought my car in cuz shit is jacked   i wasnt e playful ectin to spend this much tho  shit   
i am puttin on my grr face right now  but wtf   ive been tryin to beel cool   but fuck you!!!!!!!!!!!1dont u even realize that your doin more hurt to other ppl besides youself    fuckin comon! seriously  i dont wanna hate on u   but u makin ppl in my life miserable   so   god fuckin dam!
why am i awake    wtf!
they are taking both my soap operas off the air in september   im fucking pissed  im writing to abc
just got tiffs truck on the <propfemale> and i helped! woot
ok   why am i watchin this show about parisites   its steerin me away from some food  im glad i dont like raw fish anyways  
frustrated    just want to be close   thats all
                          
ok   2 non blondes just went to get more vodka   im srry but lol i mades a funny!
ok! im still dd-runk! lmao
its so nice out today    
why am i drinkin a screw driver  
was gonna go home early  but tiff started talkin bout ribs   and i like me some ribs   so stickin around for a bit lol
spaceballs is commin on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 woot! the shwarts!
lost a full freakin box of proactive   i cant find it anywhere!! gggggggggggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
hate havin to take early lunch   ugh   
so slow today   1 patient to go   glad im assisting lol d:
   been off for a half hr   now im waiting   now dr is deciding to do an ext so now i gotta wait longer for my ride    gahhhhh
finally closed the damn <propmale> acct  getn it done  love my new fuckin sweater  pickin up some brew ha then geronimo tonight woooooot
feel like poo  dont know whether to eat or puke
im awake   its ok tho    got a call from my chocolate that woke me up so im not mad   just all smiles  smile  happy easter ppls ^^ bout to eat me some chocolate later!
i fuckin hate stupid bitches  nuff said
gonna watch role models!!! havin some beers   doin some homework and tiffs gonna make some popcorn! woot woot   wish my <propfemale> was here with me  but ill see him soon   
rain   monday  monday    guess we can all look foward to a nice weekend   hear its sposed to be in the 80's  time to get some yardwork done   d:
life is what you make of it 
2hr lunch   got a tan session in! woot!
ok! random crap on a potato for dinner! hahahahaha
wish i didnt have school tonight   got invited out for sum beers  annoyed  guess ill settle for starbucks   2weeks of class left after tonight  
egg salad and a monster pickle! woot!
egg salad and a monster pickle! woot!
i love how ive gotten a b on every essay lol its no a but its not a c either!
outta this bitch!
lame day
pinnacle
popycock!
ok  i hate when your taken by someone then your past is commin out the wood work  its retarted   i should put my profile as in a relationship   even if im not   yall fucked up   why the fuckin fuck u tryin to get at me now
i can be a bit crazy sometimes  but all i want is to do right  be right  i work hard and just want someone to stand by me   show me things   make life easier  better  you show me  ill show you    ill do the best i can   cuz thats what i do
lmfaooo watchin a baby daddy maury and this guy ended up bein the father so the chick made him kiss her feet lol
i smell bbq   i want brauts! dammit tiff
the neighbor kids are havin so much fun outside   wish i was a kid again  
geez  everyone partyin round here tonight   i should get in on the action  
ok   yea   ok   shit  
yall gonna keep fuckin round with me and turn me back to the old me
aiight 15 brews and still standin  watched my soaps   was pissed off when they ended   wish i was out  hate havin a perfect hair and eyelash day and sittin on the couch
i can be a bit crazy sometimes  im only human  and have feelings  work with me   
its alive          gotta get this day goin  
tanning time
mr pickles!
annoyed  just want my damn prescriptions so i can go home and eat my sammich dammit
i need some energy! gah!
hmm   think i see a bath in my future tonight
mm   clamato   
im up    lets see if i get somethin done today   cant do homework cuz my teachers computer malfunctioned so i didnt get my essay rough draft corrected  vitamins and coffee time   i better get on my damn eliptical too today dammit  keep thinkin of how much better sleep ill get if i do  
thinkin bout drinkin the rest of my beer since im goin back on the diet tomorrow and cant drink for 11 days   ive only gained 2lbs back since last time and its been about 3-4 weeks i think  lets see if i can lose another 10 d:
finally decoratin my room   woot
lol couple cowboys came walkin by my window and saw me dancin lmfao
d; just had to conversate with my neighbor lol
grr
uninstall  reinstall   i fuckin hate windows 7
bout to plug in my old pc!
hahahahahaaaaaaaaaaa old pc go! dont fail me baby! this needed to happen! now i can log on to my gaming acct  and save my macs if anyone knows what that means!
ok wtf  
gogo wiz kid! i hate usin mah brain! it hurts!
ok   they changed the whole shit   guess i had to reinstall lol they tryin to be hip    omg! shit still blowin out even tho i close the <propfemale> lol
25 minutes! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"meh  \freakin like me"
errr
bin laden is dead  smile  woo   
man it was warm last night   still warm this morning  guess its gonna be a hot day  surprise 
dont wanna be here anymore! gah!
school tonight  i wanna sleep  
almost fell asleep lol
woot out
slept all the way through the night till my alarm went off this morning  thats very unusual for me  too bad it couldnt last longer  annoyed 
