0de4eea0ec3ead0d7cb18af5c49da71a
wants to go to vegas
thanking <propfirst> for being the dd tonight   think the bal will be high until next week
if you are able and want to get together to visit with <propfirst> (he snuck over for a visit from new york) we will be at the   family pancake house  23725 hiway 99 edmonds at 5 smile 0 ish  come one and all  buy your own  smile 
the get together is on thursday  sept  10th   by the way   sorry i have to sneak on the computer while working and i forgot that important part of the invite  until i was doing lunch prep    later smile 
"saddend by the loss of my cousin <propfemale> from this earth, but i bet she is so having a wonderful family reuion of her own in heaven  until we meet again <propfemale>        rip   sad "
go seahawks!!!
is praying for her son and his troops who are now somewhere in iraq 
no mailing address for <propfirst> at this time however  you can email him on facebook  he might get it in a month or so  thats all i know right now and all i will say  he is army strong! thank you all for your thoughts and prays for our service men and women and their families 
merappy holimas!
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you  smile "
happy chinese new year!  year of the tiger  
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ( 93% won't copy and paste this, will you?"
there's a difference between giving up and letting go  letting go is sacrificing what was rightfully yours  giving up is fighting what was never yours 
motto to live by: have self respect  never make someone your priority while allowing them to make you an option 
steak
"well, someone broke in to my car last night  how come they didnt set off the alarm i dont know because i set it off all the time  anyways all they took was the loose change and a elemerald city smoothie gift card "
sad that she missed <propfirst> on fb by 30 <propfemale>  but at least i know he is ok in iraq 
"23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca and 17,000 in il  nj, fl, nc and ny are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise and educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy and paste this into your status"
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this    in memory of    all fallen marines and soldiersabout an hour ago · comment ·likeunlike"
"thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven?"
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and    this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
"do not wait! the time will never be 'just right'  start where you stand and work with whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along \napoleon hill"""
"\women are angelsand when someone breaks our wings     we simply continue to fly          on a broomstick    we're flexible like that    \"" thx t"""
"\it's a beautiful day    don't let it get away   \""   smile """
2 <propmale>   30 mins   not a record but its a start--for starting over 
"i love the telephone, you can talk to someone clear across the world, from places like spain, peru,  iraq                 it's been a great day "
its the hardest job with the most rewards! happy mothers day to everyone !
again   2 <propmale>  not sure on the time think i might have shaved off 1 <propfemale> making it 29 <propfemale>   its a long story about why the time ?? but at least i did my 30 <propfemale>s wanted to stop at 10 !
"worked legs yesterday it kicked in this afternoon  stairs suck, however i still managed 2miles in 29min today  no ??? about time today   off tomorrow"
"2 <propmale> done, thank goodness for zantax, cottonwood  sucks  and i kept pulling the safety key (3 damn times) so who knows what the time was   bad run   but its done   goodnight    playful "
"right now there's a police officer helping someone  a police officer is working the streets, day or night, to keep us safe  a police officer is missing their family while caring\for yours  in the minute it took you to read this, police officers all over the world are saving lives  it's police officer appreciation week    repost if you are a police officer, love a police officer or appreciate a police officer!"
"no? ?u??? (?s?sod?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ll??? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ????uo??u???? s??d ?ll?n??? ?s?lspu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l ???¡?l???? s? osl? ?nq spu???? s? no? ?uno? o? p?l? ?luo ?ou ?? ? ?uo?s???p sno??suo? ? ?o ?lns?? ? s? ?s?l pu???? ?? uo ??? no? ?o ?uo   ?l?u?s ????? ???? uo??u???? ?u???d s? o?? ??s s,??l"
omg!  can my family just let my cousin rest in peace!  this is not what she would want!  enough already!!!    just my opinion  if you want to write snide and nasty things about people write them a message but dont make me have to read it  if you cant do that then take me off your friends list  i wont block you but i dont want to have to read it anymore   have a wonderful day
is e playful eriencing monday for the third time this week   c'mon friday!
"he shoots , he scores                     go blackhawk's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is starting support group meetings at my house for people with ocd  gloves and cleaning fluid will be handed out at the front door   wink 
good morning everyone!              let the games begin                 
ok   time to quit playing games and get serious about some things around here      not playing games anymore today                           done
way to go blackhawks!!!!! i knew you could do it 
i feel sorry for the people out there that hate the job they do!!! i don't mind getting up and enjoy going to work because of the people i share my day with! x
has realized if stress burnt calories she would be a size zero!
"manyof us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task foryou: i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment,copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get    or lack thereof  this might just be interesting     wink "
"to anyone who gets a   \clickaholic\""  do not do it! i did not send it to anybody even though it says i did   """
's guardian angel is on stress leave   
happy thoughts now has an air conditioner  smile   smile   smile 
says to all her family out there   i love you!
getting ready to get my butt kicked at the gold's!  i want to be cremated  smile 
would like to know your favorite song lyric    answers below    go!
says never let your heart take you where your gut tells you not to go 
"so happy her son is in town for a visit, and not in iraq anymore    smile   smile   smile "
"25 yrs ago the most amazing thing happened   <propfirst> and <propfemale> were born !!!!\i am truly blessed "
there is a recall on some of similac powder infant formulas  fyi
"lohan, 24, gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linely, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, <propfirst> bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst> johnson,21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke,    23, & <propmale> tate, 27, are all marines that gave their lives this week    no media attention   honor them by reposting "
"dear <propfemale>, its been one year since you left your \temporary home\""", i miss you and think about you everyday  i have an angel that aunt anna gave me it hangs in the play room and all the kids know shes is jesica  i just wanted to let you know that today i will celebrate your life here on earth and rejoice for your new life with your lord \0de4eea0ec3ead0d7cb18af5c49da71a,feels like she's at a crossroads with a train rushing towards her  cant decide which way to go and if she doesn't decide soon the train is going to hurt 
"children: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you\crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends,\hunt you down like a bloodhound   because i love you! when you\understand that, i will know you are a responsible adult  you\   will   never    find someone who loves you, cares about you, and\      worries about you more than me! copy and paste if you are a mom!"
"\life is like dirt on the carpet and you're the vacuum   you got to suck it up and move on \"""""
"if your dad is or was your hero, your bestfriend or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly!"
"who would think that running sprints in the backyard at 8 surprise 0 pm could be so mood lifting, so fun with a partner that pushes you to give it your all, i want to thank my new workout partner <propfemale> for being the bitch she is, she is hella fast !!"
"<propfemale> is like duct tape, it fixes damn nearly everything "
"november 11th remember ~ a soldier is somewhere in the world tonightmissing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takesyou to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your             freedom     re-post if you wish to show that    yo   u appreciate ourtroops ? remember your minute's silence today ?"
"auburn schools are closed tomorrow, and so is happy thoughts"
"happy thanksgiving!!! i am so blessed and thankful to know everyone of you , each of you has made me smile at some point in my life , thank you  for being part of my happiness !  now bring on the turkey and gravy!!  smile "
"layin in bed, tryin to comprehend;\where in this world do i fit in;\i act like everyone else, but that's just pretend;\try to give my heart out and start all over again;\thinking i deserve more, that's my original sin;\   a new life, that's what i want to began;"
i raised an army soldier hooah!
"viral gastroenteritis is inflammation of the stomach and intestines caused by a virus  the infection can lead to diarrhea and vomiting  it is sometimes called the \stomach flu \"" the virus  \",0de4eea0ec3ead0d7cb18af5c49da71a,for those in the know   im home  smile 
<propfemale>
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid  they made me do chores, go to school  they gave me a curfew, suggested i get a job and work for the things that i wanted  they insisted that i do my best at school, at my job & to take pride in my work  i fought but i grew up with morals, a good work ethic & respect for the law, and my elders  i thank god everyday for my parents  (copy and paste if you agree )"
"doesn't make much sense, does it?? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this"
"good by farmville friends, good by cityville friends and and a very sad good by to my zoo world animals  sad  i have chosen to leave you so i can spend more time with my real world friends , work on my real farm and play with my real lionhorse dog \tired of  wasting real time playing games  i want a real life while i am able to do so  times a wasting       "
"valentines day is not just for showing love to your other half   much love to my family ,friends and most important much love to my beautiful kids xxxxxxxx"
"remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day    i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !!! we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone!"
"<propfirst>, earth's people are a hateful species , beam me up!"
"finally able to go back to the gym today, it was wonderful!"
"it's brother's week!!! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud to have in your life, re-post this to your status "
i took a job knowing i would never get <propmale>  i've missed out on many holidays and special occasions in order to protect lives  i am e playful ected to lay down my life or take a life if necessary  it has been proven that my life e playful ectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress i go through  and some think i'm not deserving of a pension or health care benefits? repost if you support your armed forces?!!!
"don't buy the new pepsi can coming out with pictures of the empire state building and the pledge of allegiance on them pepsi left out two little words on the pledge, \under god\"" pepsi said they didn't want to offend anyone so if we don't buy them they won't be offended when they don't receive our money that has the words \""in god we trust\"" on it  how fast can you re-post this"""
blueberry
i licked my brother on your car because im a ninja!
"my dr  appt was at 11: 30 \its now 12: 23 and i still haven't seen the dr    wtf"
