f349abe374973427bfa7ef9e27bfcc58
my back hurts!!!!!!!! missin another day of work 
omg! pet cemetary is such a freaky movie!! still jump everytime i watch it 
why don't people think before they speak????
just saw my little bro in the hospital  8 stitches and going in for the cat scan  the car: totaled 
"my brother is doing good  in a lot of pain, but no <propmale> injuries at least "
we won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
about to head to <propfirst> with kassondra  we're gonna have a blast!
i'm totally wearing my cape to work tomorrow   
uuuummmmmm        
at home watchin tv
 smile 
i may fall asleep waiting in line for my coffee
i have done entirely too much work today
going to go home and try to finish packing
so much closer
on my way to hobby     i hate leaving the island
got the key to the new place today
"got the new house house all set up, now time to relax"
out with the girls
all i want is some coffee    
i just made my first cappaccino with my new cappaccino maker! it actually turned out good 
why must people insist on messing up my stuff??????
so i tried to warn kenzie's teacher      i will pray for her
kenzie made it through her first day of school and they're even gonna let her go back tomorrow  lol
maybe i should say that i'm happy the teacher made it through kenzie's first day of school
oh my     
omg! i totally just got flashed  lol
"so     \i'm on my way over there\"" really means    i've gotta do like 10 other things so i'll be over in like 4 hours  men """
i have lost all motivation    
i love dumb funny movies
all day      aaaalllll daaaay i waited patiently for the lights to go out at work        they just went out 
"¸ •*¨*•?put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter(s) in the world?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*\"",2010-09-10 17 surprise 5:18""",f349abe374973427bfa7ef9e27bfcc58,and men talk about women being crazy drivers        i think not!
i'm sorry but everytime i see the snuggie commercial i think to myself that everyone on there looks like a dork  a blanket with sleeves     really?!?!?! just wear a robe 
i can't believe i lost that bet
wow! dwp really scared me when he got on the intercom just now 
i hate it when i get emails from someone that knows the person who sent it to them sent it to me as well  stop blowin my phone up  you know who you are 
try e playful laining to a 3 year that although she is big she is still not big enough to wear her sister's shoes to school 
it's my red stapler so don't touch it!
i'm gonna have to get galveston ghetto on these people drivin down my street all crazy while my kids are riding their bikes 
my horoscope sucks    
why can't i be this sleepy when it's actually time to go to sleep????
i love getting carded
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but could not stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it because baby loss is still    a taboo subject     break the silence  in memory of all angels "
<propfemale> and i are at work and man are we tired
so i woke up this morning and looked at my phone      apparently i held an entire conversation with someone by text while i was asleep  strange 
don't put me down as a reference if you don't plan on actually paying the <propmale> for whatever it is       i don't need those stupid people calling me (every damn day) as if i'm the one that owes them money  some people are so irresponsible and just plain ignorant 
the coffee hasn't fully kicked in yet   
it's so boring after the girls go to sleep
"all i wanna know is since when does rolling through a stop sign (i'm talkin there was a big pause) classify as blowing through the stop sign (those were the cop's words, not mine)????? i figure that blowing through it would mean that i made no attempt to even pause or think about there even being a stop sign there "
mmmmmmm            coffee
"yeah, ok"
so i caught kenzie trying to shave her legs      i guess she did pretty good considering she had the razor upside down  lol
omg! i just saw a guy with a mullet and a leopard print shirt  lmfao!
my coffee delivery is late  sad 
i'm so excited for the mental health days that i requested
it's so cold you could <propfemale> meat in here   
almost    
freedom!!!!!!!!
should kenzie be in trouble for punching the little boy in her class in the groin? he did invade her personal bubble 
so far in <propfemale>'s school career i think i'm up to about 10 jackets lost     she's only in 1st grade  i hate to see what the count will be up to by the time she makes it to high school 
"my coffee delivery was a surprise, but very much needed and appreciated this morning  smile "
i can't stop shaking my legs     possibility that i've had too much coffee today  oh well   smile 
i just found a melted jolly rancher in my desk with a few paper clips and a rubber band stuck to it  it should be fun getting that out 
it feels great sleeping in  i just got out of bed 
why does it seem like people only call when they want something???
everyone always has an excuse
bout to call it quits
wow it's been a busy day
gonna go carve a pumpkin with my girls
mmmmmmm           good <propfemale> kat   smile 
i think that we should have nap time at work
once people reach a certain age they should no longer be allowed to drive
no power at work  yay!
damn they're back on  sad 
"in the world of fashion: are ponchos back \in\""????"""
i hate it when i don't understand <propfemale>'s homework 
i don't like my neighbors
i don't understand why when you call the nail place and actually make an appointment they don't tell you that they will have like 5 million people there and that isn't a good time for an appointment because you will have to wait anyways
still don't know how i feel about sushi
going to a haunted house with my younger brother is one of the funniest things ever
everybody was kung fu fighting
yup
so exhausted from going to the zoo today
i need a very long vacation
i wanna take tomorrow off too       everyone else is
just picked my shopping day and just can't wait until it gets here  smile 
lemon with lemon filling muffin or chocolate muffin    can't decide
"oh poor me, i think i'm getting the tiniest bit of a cold      well i guess i should call in sick for the entire week  wimps!!!!!!!!!"
turkey makes me soooooooooo sleepy
"a true friend doesn't care when you are broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is full of crazies; they love you for who you are! re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are    "
yup
"people always have an opinion about something       well guess what, i didn't ask for yours!!!!!!!"
i can't wait until the wicked witch of the west leaves     
i can't believe i forgot my phone at work  that was like the longest 30 minutes of my life without it  i felt like i was going to have a panic attack    
"changeyour fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same"
"a stranger stabs you in the front; a friend stabs you in the back; a boyfriend stabs you in the heart, but best friends only poke each other with straws "
i want to close my eyes for just a little bit
how come when i try to put down head nodding and slang as my languages it won't let me?????
well i can't get a manicure now with this nasty cut on my hand  sad 
just when you think things can't get any worse     they do 
fml
i would love to get my moneys worth out of the jacket i bought this year  when is it gonna be cold?!?!?!
hmmmmm       i wonder how many attorneys are here today and who can we talk into letting us leave early
i'm not too sure about this new phone 
and now my tire is almost flat
i think there are like maybe 5 people at work today
without power
playing don't break the ice with the girls in the dark
yay!!! lights! lights! lights!
and the plot thickens   
it would be awesome to sit on my roof and throw water balloons filled with red koolaid at my neighbors
had myself all worked up for nothing
this place i call work just exhausts me
i wanna go home
"ok i finally got all the mud off my truck, now everyone can leave me alone about it"
"pajamas, popcorn, cookies, orange soda - the girls and i watching ratatouille"
watching my 3 year old act like she is cracking her knuckles before her turn in don't break the ice is hilarious!
at this zoo that people call <propmale> e cheese
just left hell
don't know what has gotten into me   left the island twice in two days
omg! i shoulda been a fat kid     i just ate a whole pizza
queens bbq! mmmmm      
"infatuation, love, lust       there is a difference  figure it out  just because someone showed you some attention for like a minute you think you're just sooooooo in love with them and can't live without them  get a clue  so annoying seeing that constantly from one person about a different person every week  okay    maybe every two weeks "
direct tv sucks!!!!!!
so i've got this brace on for my shoulder and now my right arm is tingling
coloring with <propfemale>
"doing our nails, makeup and dressing like \princesses\""     awe the joy of having girls"""
apparently <propfirst> the train is boring because they talk but their mouths never move 
this sucks! my pipes are frozen 
"ok texas weather make up my mind     jacket, shorts, hat, flip flops what is it gonna be??? uuuuuggggghhhhh!!!!!!"
