2b81070296281c10c44e6f8395ebb840
first meal of 2010 tuna on moldy bread   yesss
i ask you how is it that peanut brittle is both heaven and hell?  i mean you have to eat it   it's there so you have to eat it but once you do you will never get it out of your teeth   talk about being stuck between a rock and a hard place 
i want this http annoyed  www grip-lock com 
is haunted by the graphic video of that poor girl (<propfemale>) from iran dying in the street   i have never seen anything so crazy in all my life   and the women being drug into the streets from their homes in the middle of the night screaming for help as they 
"iranian revolutionary guard hacking protesters with axes, and throwing women off of overpasses onto highways below   what can we do   most of us just pretend we didn't hear or read about it   but god's children are being massacred and we can do nothing   "
transformers was fricktasticly amazing   i loved every second of it   i don't care what anyone one else says     sick 
yukky
shepherds pie for dinner   yummy
i  can't stop eating rainer cherries 
you know some days you win and some you loose   this was a loose    some days you just walk away from work knowing that you misrepresented yourself and no one likes you   but there is tomorrow thank goodness because it doesn't have to be today 
i think i'm gonna fix my day by making a cake for dinner 
dinner last night = pancakes breakfast this morning = coffee lunch today = easy <propmale> lets see what can i eat for dinner to officially make 24hours of horrible food choices 
"has now figured out how to make thai peanut sauce, and coconut <propmale>'s for a fraction of the price of eating out   and they are so good   not together though   that would be gross "
lets see someone pooped outside the back door at work   i'm 100% certain it is human   a little girl ralphed all over the welcome mat this morning   but i actually think that stuff is funny still gross but funny   best of all though i found my coat that w
free slurpee day 2009   yeahh thats tomorrow   lets do it!!!
ok so i made some chocolate chip cookies from scratch and then ate them by my self   then three mormons came over and we talked about <propfemale> trek   oddly enough they did not come on bikes   weird 
poop
poop   jesus and i are having a tiff and i totaly hate how he is always right 
going to bed early for once
i need to go to cosco any one want to take me?  if you have a card that is 
"has not washed his clothes in eight weeks   but today is the day   glorious laundry money, and homemade coconut <propmale>'s for dinner!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
part2 3 smile 0pm finaly get all that taken care of and then find as pointed out by the police officer that i had put my shorts on inside out when i got dressed this morning   5pm got stung in mouth by a wasp that was hiding in my starbucks straw     haha what
"part1 9:10am called into work two hours early   10ish am notifed by police that my car was found in fairhaven stripped for parts, that i had three days to get rid of it or they would and,  i could be arrested for my \abandoned\"" car """
83 gigs on my itunes   jeepers i need another hard drive
i left my phone at work so i can't hear you 
i love organic ketchup   yummy
yesssss lightning and thunder and fat warm raindrops   so nice!!
right now is one of those moments when i wish i didn't ever have to see another living person again 
thank goodness   it's finally getting dark and the temp as dropped to a nice 90 
113 degrees in northbend today   wow
is <propmale> 
watching sounders and olayin on my new netbook   i don't care what people say these are very decent machines
"i am having a really bad allergic reaction to something that was spayed on the hay that we got this morning   hives, rashes, red puffy eyes, tingly skin, scratchy throat     "
wtr??
on my way to the air port   suckers   haha
had a interesting day   just stepped on a slug then on a tack   yukky and owey 
i get to be on tv   actually thats kind a freaky 
has a really bad headache 
hasn't thrown up this much since colodrado
has a mild fever and a hankerin for chicken strips and sprite 
has flu symptoms  but i didn't kiss any pigs   so is at a lose as to how this could be 
chocolate milk for lunch yes
someone offered me two teranculas for free 
is doing homework   as in work at home 
yeah sounders
thinks this  could be a horrible monday 
this feels like monday
"just found a loving home for a hermaphrodite chicken   weird, very wierd"
is sick and watching a movie with a housemate 
i love watching soccer
wow juvinile deliunquints for sure   haha   and no i can't elaborate 
sick again
is in the recording studio
there is a pigeon show at the puyallup fair growns on nov  28th  i want so desperatly to go   i need a car 
oh man i feel like an idiot   i sold all my male pigeons on accident and now have no way to make more   super dumb lame
"is making oatmeal cranberry walnut cookies, and i'm not sharring "
my fish had babies
it's snowing!!! but probably won't stick
i want a dragon
new <propfemale> is so dumb
55 degrees wow feels like summer
i love community 
oh god that bike ride kicked my ass   even the dog is sore 
worst nights sleep ever   ever   i wish i could call in sick today 
my pigeons have a gig this saturday
poor haiti   they just keep getting teh short end of trh stick
"wow now there saying up to 100,000 dead in haiti"
"haiti got hit by a 6 1 earthguake today   75,000 buried so far from the quake on the 12th  thats just 2000 less than the entire population of bellingham "
its amazing how many black buggers come out of my nose everyday after work   (cause work is really dirty)
im gonna take my third shower today   thats how much i love showers 
chocolate covered pomagranate seeds are so good!!!
holy canoly i lost 8 lbs in one week
the meaning of my name as far as urbandictionary com is concerned
22
"i'm off to couer d <propfemale>   sure i can't spell it, but whateves"
"haha im such a retard   i use my ipod touch so much now, that i am always trying to touch screen my netbook   haha"
does the 10 second rule apply at funeral homes?  hurry time is of the essence 
the puppies are gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not good    must persevere 
is very done with people for the rest of the night   so goodnight 
packing packing packing !!!
just parted company with thirty nalgenes   heres to letting go 
is listening to owl city loud enough to bleed from the ears   and likes it 
does not have internet at the new house yet   but soon   sorry for any lengthy waits between responses 
omg i just realized my fish at fishville have been sorely neglected   yikes
couldn't find my hair brush this morning   so i borrowed the cats 
just got pooped on by a seagull 
work yesterday sucked   i am hoping for a better day   i'm feelin like i'm being pushed over the edge 
stupid cat has to go to the vet for a nasty infection he got from fighting 
i finally have internet again!!!!
<propmale> is getting fixed in the morning
f
"there is a new privacy setting called\\instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites\",2b81070296281c10c44e6f8395ebb840,i just got dared to go into the adult book store to ask for change    yikes
just made alcoholic cake frosting    yummy
2 eggs today!!!
three eggs today   and i'm bored
no sleep tonight   getting 32 ready for showing at the fair!!!
i need a bicycle   won't you help me find a bicycle?
it's official broken foot   not the best timing but whateves 
sometimes i really dislike the people i work with   this is that day 
needs ice cream   stat
yeah broncos yeah!!!  in other news still need ice cream  smile 
going without a cast tomorrow   fingers crossed 
hey all   my computer is dead and my phone got cooked in the dryer   awesome!!!  you'll have to facebook me if you wish to communicate
"my boss just laughed like skeletor from the old school \heman\"""""
super yikes lol the new coach on glee is sick
i need to get away for the weekend 
oh how i love the sounders!
noo i'm not watching legend of the seeker 
i don't want to go to work
<propmale> <propmale> always knows the exact location of <propfirst> sandiego 
go sounders
just scored my first persimmon of the year!!!
i just got a space station bird feeder!!!  yea i know   mega nerd but whateves
"\are you trying to hurt my feelings? cause it's working   luckily my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of an average man\"""""
"\chuck <propmale> was what <propmale> was talkin' about\"""""
fricken disgusting assed giant creeper spider   wt h e double hockey sticks were you doing in my bed   damn you 
damn
"i'm not sure what was worse, the rancid rotten eggnog or the plain listerene i had to swish and gargil to get the eggnog out   mega <propfemale>"
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  hahaha omg ha ha
don't feel good   sad 
1 out of every 13 people on earth use facebook 
"well after last nights wind storm   racoons, i have alit fewer animals to feed"
going to potter bitches!!!  what?
snow snow snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you know, it's the simple things that make life great   \\mind you i only say that because so far none of the big complex good things have happened to me yet         smile "
i don't want to go outside 
"here is my new phone number   if you want to save it please do so if not no worries   if you want me to have your number please text me with your name and i'll save it   ok here you go \\                      360-224-7793"
"<propmale> <propfirst> here is my new phone number  if you want to save it please do so if not no worries  if you want me to have your number please text me with your name and i'll save it  ok here you go \\360-224-7793"
it raining hard 
need a new housemate starting january 1st   anybody???
"so hungry, but cant eat   food poisoning i hate you   just sayin "
someone bring me ice cream
ice cream i thought we were friend  now i know your just a hater   why?
your retarded just sayin 
it's raining so hard my undereare is soaked
"dear magnanamous garden knomes and or selfless christmas elfs, is thier any <propmale> that you could perhaps clean out the chicken coop and goat shed and of yeah do my laundry and the dishes this weekend while i'm gone?  i promise to pay you back some how   ???  no,  ok bastards "
the er frickin sucks
dear public restroom you are reeeeeeeepulsivvve   how can you live with yourself 
nooooooooo  sad 
the jingle cats strike again     sucka!!!!
i never want to see food and or especially dessert again    sad 
in 2010 the united states of <propfemale> used enough plastic water bottles to reach around the planet 196 times   even if they all got recycled which less than 20% did the energy used to make them and then melt them down and re-purpose them used enough energy to run the city of vancouver bc for 6 months   not cool 
under my blankets = amazing  not under my blankets = not amazing   i don't want to go to work 
what kind of freak shoots a congresswomen and kills a 9 year old spectator among others   seriously people are nuts 
oh <propfemale> trek you are the perfect escape from reality   but lets keep this between us   ok?
fingers crossed!!!
how many innings in a football game?
my computer is officially dead   anyone have an extra laptop or one i can purchase???
i baked bread   yummy
i look forward with great e playful ectation to the nearing moment which upon my writing impliments are not mearly replaced but upgraded!!!!!
honestly is anyone surprised that taco <propfemale> taco meat is only 35% meat
anyone wanta <propfemale> me some money to fix my bike?????
"seriously???  how retarded   trying to create laws that prevent people from using their phones and ipods while walking on city streets   if you can't walk and talk at the same time you deserve to get hit by a train, plane or automobile"
awesome!!!!  flat bike tire and roadrash with a side of gravel for breakfast!!!!!   i need a nap 
"i take it back, i don't feel fine after my high speed bicycle accident   i'm too old for this "
d
"current wishlist:   cough drops, ice cream and company "
"celebraten sad,  and savin some money doing it   yeahh!!!"
"roses are red, violets are blue   valentines is stupid, and so are you  ;p"
i'm eating ice cream right now   booya
it's oveer
"i don't care if your, skinny or fat, short, tall, average, christian, muslim, hindu, atheist, agnostic, yellow, red, white, brown, black, straight, gay, bi, dumb, intelligent, wise, foolish, a cat person or a dog person, <propmale>, poor, conservative, liberal or middle of the road, man or woman   no if i don't like you it's because your a douche bag   smile "
someone please rescue me from my intense boredom   please i'll do anything
other than the crew on battlestar galactica i haven't seen another living person (or cylon)  since i got off the bus at 6:15 last night
just got pegged in the eye by a piece of hail
i would ride a triceratops of terror!!!
"\ weird all the clocks are stopped at the same time (the electrical clocks at the bus station)  must be some sort of powerful magnetic storm\"" - crazy bus lady"""
is feelin pretty stupid intense right now   but this to shall pass 
