277b7ae20e158fa6de5ef7b9a0da0a24
<propfirst> is getting tubes in his ears tomorrow and today he is running a fever! poor kid can't catch a break 
i need some happy  pills today   at least i am getting a lot of work done
had the best weekend!!!!!
when i turn 30 something great is going to happen!!!!!!
would love a vacation!
just realized that all my pre-pregnancy jeans fit    i love shopping in my closet!!!!
facebook friends     my phone got run over and i have no phone <propfirst>!!! if you want me to have your number please text or message me      
always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much 
i can't take this heat!!!!
<propfirst> is turning 2 on sunday!!!! my little boy is growing up too fast!
ready to go home! i really dont like being in the hospital 
out of the hospital!! now to get ready for averys 2nd birthday!
this week is going to be a good one!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!
i have to say it is one of the strangest birthdays i have ever had   i found a snake in my bathroom this morning!!!!
survived another 5k this morning!
i really don't want to go to drill this weekend!
taking myself to the movies   
what are the odds? came to the movies so i wouldnt sit at home alone  and i am the only one in the theater!!!
i'm ready to start dating  any suggestions???
completed my 3rd 5k    can't wait till the one for y! <propfemale> and i already have our costumes 
it's time for life changes and i know right where to start!
7 1 2 inches  sad 
best 5k time so far!!!!! it must have been the costume!
"eventually all the pieces will fall into place    until then laugh at the confusion, live for the moment, and just know everything happens for a reason   "
do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for 
those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad 
inbox only! tell me somthin u always wanted to tell me (stays between us) put this in ur status and see what all u get!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"people are like stained-glass windows  they <propfemale> and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within "
a large heart can be filled with very little 
the world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning 
"i am only one, but i am one   i cannot do everything, but i can do something   and i will not let what i cannot do interfere with what i can do "
"what you need to know about the past is that no matter what has happened, it has all worked together to bring you to this very moment  and this is the moment you can choose to make everything new  right now"
it is just a blah day   
feeling gratitude and not e playful ressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it 
why not learn to enjoy the little things - there are so many of them 
i love my new 4 wheeler!!!!!
the after the holidays diet starts tommorrow!!!!!
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong, wild, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post"
"a mother thinks about her child day and night, even when they are grown  a mother loves her children in a way that they will never understand  a mom will be there for her children when no one else will  a mom would take a bullet, stand in front of a train & ask god to take her instead of her child  if you have a child that you love as much as i love mine, post this as your status "
<propfirst> actually asked to use the potty tonight!!! yay! i didn't think he was ever going to do it 
"we tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have "
passed my pt test!!!!!!!
