101de18d8249b968aa3b5369ed51cb98
happy new year all 
werd
work then whatever
"ugh stomach hurts, goin to get fireworks later "
what am i gonna do?
everyone has their own story to tell  the question is who will listen?
bodyworks at the buffalo science museum is awesome everyone should go see it 
hangin with the girl all day 
work then cillin
chillin and what not 
august 27th are you ready?
last night was horrible    derek falbo u owe me big time  
beach tomorrow   i need that
gotta wash my car again   just washed it yesterday cause some people left me a little message all over my car  then work
chillin
"you can do no great things, but only small things with great amounts of love "
had a close call with classes today but everything is cool  work then chillin 
had a great time tonight lil <propmale> concert was awesome 
what am i doing?
chillin around the house
"chillin,, movin a couch then chillin wiht some people "
work till eight then party maybe 
work  dinner with dad and homework 
chillin
hangin at home then back to class at 5 
"not in the best of moods, kind of tired but not going to bed "
why hello there 
chillin
another late night cant sleep  school at 9 30 hanging around then class at 7 
im am such an a-hole 
better now
work brothers birthday dinner then out to the catacombs later 
a headache since monday? yea it happens 
"just gave double red, chillin then goin to class "
working all weekend yea fml 
no one really likes mornings
gym  shower and chillin then fuji grill later with the woman 
"really? snow already, come on!"
i gots a <propfemale>!
"work, then chillin then halloween party "
work  then just chillin 
el gato dans mis pantalones 
work 8-4 its early wheres my tea?
"what does the future of this boy hold? determined or not i'll face it with tenacity and diligence, so come what may, happen what shall   only in time are we defined  "
hmmm what comes next?
3 days and im gone  
<propfemale> christmas from florida everyone 
goin out to city place 
just another day 
sittin in an airport for two hours then a 3 hour flight to detroit   o wait then another 3 hour stay in an airport   then finally home to the cold 
finally back home in the cold 
work
mw2 is so ballin 
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
goin to the gym then loungin till work 
another good day at the gym  chillin for the rest of the night 
what do i have in store for me? we shall see  
"snow sucks   work,gym cuz birthday then hangin with friends "
long day at work  am buffalo is coming in this afternoon gotta get stuff ready  then just chillin 
the only greatness for man is immortality 
"might start studying to become a personal trainer, kind of exited "
"got my personal training materials today, exited to start this program "
"need any help with exercising,workout or diet let me know its good practice "
"hitting the gym, yeah <propmale> "
still stuck at work cause of twenty people
aint no thang
hittin up the beach then hittin the gym 
2012 mr buffalo  a work in progress 
"can't sleep   dont know what to do been doin some thinking, ugh what to do?"
when you go 31-2 and destroy everyone within two minutes in cod does that mean u play too much?
"when you train, its not just to make you stronger it makes your mind stronger and there is no better feeling than knowing everyday you step in and train harder, you're a little stronger in both mind and body and just one step closer to your goals "
throat hurts bad  hopefully be able to go for a run in the morning 
"bored, waiting till work, 330-10"
<propfemale> got loose kind of upset
ever train so hard you feel like you might throw up? yeah 
"another day training, then work and probably chillin with my homies  happy birthday kameron "
bed early   skydiving tomorrow with <propmale> super stoked 
one more month  
might go back to school in january 
"super bored, ugh"
cant sleep  
its so close  
"i feel like a <propmale>, sorry dudes   "
"5 days 5 friends, one epic vacation "
back to work all week 
i've got an awesome girlfriend 
putting on 20lbs over the winter yeah boy 
going to compete in 2012  decided 
feels super awesome right now    
my friends are not like family   they are family  love you guys 
rest in peace <propmale> babcock  we loved you and you will be missed 
"i am up at 7 why because my phone didnt turn back, it's ok though i am well rested "
black ops what what
lumberjack mode?
i want an iphone for my birthday give me money   that is all 
black ops rapage what what  
its good to know that an intellectually stimulating conversation can still be had 
"we all have the tools, we all have the ability  a healthier you is closer than you think  so the question is, what's stopping you?"
ancient aliens is probably the best show ever
threw up at work havent eaten since noon i feel awful  blah 
thank you everyoen for the birthday wishes
everyone come out to jps tonight to celebrate a few birthdays 
"cpt by end of next month hopefully, then just nutrition and therapy and i will be <propfemale>  if you want my services or just have questions lemme know "
deadlifts    you ready?
"\sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me \"" - o for real rihanna?"""
<propfemale> wilde     yes plz 
"been doin some thinking  gonna start unconventional training starting june 1st    sandbags,weight vests, sleds, logs, trees, rope, and whatever else i can figure out to use  innumerable possibilities, zero limits, nothin to stand in my way but me  "
wanting work to be over so i can hit the gym 
