3826ce219eb6971471951d52beddc755
2:50 in the morn and still doing this bio project   cant wait for school to be over so i can put all these worries n stress behind me until the next school year 
wondering why i spent ova six hours sittin in a gym today 
i can't believe that the <propmale> of pop is dead  it hasn't hit me yet  it jus hasn't hit me yet 
"happy b-day to the best big bro i have! wow, ur gettin old there <propfirst>, lol  laugh "
"has finally been hit with the fact that <propfirst> <propmale> is really dead  i didn't wanna believe it before and just couldn't  now, after seeing that great tribute they did for him on the bet awards, it sunk in-deep-i even cried  he really is gone  my condol"
my brother's snoring is driving me crazy!  sad 
jus bought a whole bunch of stuff from the flea market!
jus finished watching <propmale> and the chipmunks: the squeakquel's latest trailer  it was so cute!  smile  has been reading to get vision back    not going well 
my big sis is so obsessed with herself 
church  smile 
has just realized how much i love god and how blessed i am 
the disney classics were some of the best films ever created   smile 
god is a good god
"can't get this tragegic event with haiti off my mind  will donate all i can to help my fellow brother and sisters  pray for those who lost loved ones, and pray that the lost lives have found peace "
just saw the movie avatar and i am so hyped up right now! best movie of 09 10 so far!  laugh 
i can't believe i'm really 16! i really don't feel any different but i am so grateful to all the love i'm getting! thanx to all who wished me a happy b-day and i love you all!  laugh 
<propmale> the big red dog
has realized just how good god really is   god is a great god and there truly is none other like him 
is trying 2 figure out how 2 relax
just finished making the best big sister of all time the best birthday present of all time! happy b-day <propfemale>! love you  unconditionally!
"is watching 1953 <propmale> caesar film for better \comprehension of the play "
is cooking a meal for my family
"my family and i have just finished eating the fabulous meal i cooked for them and now i am going to finish my homework  and again, i wish all mothers around the world a very happy mother's day!  smile "
wants school to hurry up and be over
finds that i'm getting stronger and stronger with each passing day
on my way 2 my big sis' graduation @ umd  i'm proud of u <propfemale>!
"and now pt 2 of my big sister's graduation concludes w  a celebration dinner @ <propfemale> garden  again, i'm proud of u sis  wishing that u get the very best out of life-b c u deserve it "
"lord, please help me to \put my mind at ease  give me the strength to fight and win this battle "
is still the undefeated super smash bros brawl champion! i am the <propfemale> of the nintendo super smash bros series! no challenger can defeat me! <propfirst> ain't got nothing on me and my team!!!!!!!!!!
"now has a new favorite anime   naruto!!!!!!!!!! ladies and gentlemen, i have an addiction!!!!!!!!!!! and i'm proud of it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
my dad is driving me crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!! if he doesn't stop screaming at this game i swear     i'm not gonna watch this anymore if he keeps this up  he can cheer for portugal but he does not have to yell at the screen like it can understand a single word he's saying 
i don't care what anyone says! naruto is the best anime ever! believe it!
"it's been one year since the <propmale> of pop passed away  may he continue to rest in peace \\rip mj"
"if they don't stop creating these alien-like pokemon charcters for pkmn bk wt, i'm going to disown the whole franchise all together! seriously! this is ridiculous!"
just finished talking with my bff and i cannot stop laughing!!
on my way 2 see toy story 3
finally enrolled in a sat prep class   whew   lord have mercy   
today   was a loooooooooooooong day      
am actually enjoying my sat prep class  it's fun    getting ready 4 my big fam reunion now 
am really enjoying my sat class! who kndw learning really could be fun? man i'm loving this
trying not to even think about school  trying to enjoy what little bit of my vaca i have left  summer was too short for my liking 
this sat class used to be fun  now it's just giving me a really bad headache   
going to the school to have my schedule fixed today cuz it is seriously screwed up!
i hate it when you have a good day and then something ruins it all  sad 
"lord, you said to call on you and you will answer my prayer  i know you would never forsake me  so please, open up my ears and my heart and let me hear your voice in my time of need"
am married to naruto uzumaki!!!!!! so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!  joyful 
just saw <propmale> of egypt for what must've been the hundredth time and it is still my all time fave!  smile 
"1st day int the a&f store was pretty hectic  it was fun, but i gotta say, i now have profound respect for the ppl working at fast food joints, lol"
"popped both my knees during cc10 rehearsal      sad  but i refuse to succumb to this! not this year, not this time! i'm gonna be is this play!"
am loving monster galaxy! it's like another pokemon world but with fiercer better-looking creatures and more battling! i gotta soft spot for rpgs and this one's no different! **sigh** i think i found a new love   this should keep me a while  smile 
enjoying my favorite movie of 2006-happy feet  smile  **ah those were the days   
"and tonight, cc10 draws to a close   sigh   even though it was strenuous, the many lives that were saved in the process made all the exhausting dances well worth performing  gonna miss my church family and performing on stage with 'em, and especially gonna miss perform victory and revelation, but, alas, we must move on  back to the real world for now   sigh    wish i could do just one more show, though  sad "
"when you see how horrible cartoons have gotten nowadays it makes you realize just how good you had it growing up  going to youtube for the animaniacs  now that was the show back in the day  gonna watch all my favorite animaniac characters just as i had when i was 3    pinky and the brain   buttons and mindy   slappy & skippy squirrel   & of course, the incomparable renowned trio   the warners-yakko, wakko, and <propfemale>"
"i knew that baby wasn't derwin's! still mad <propfemale> got the boy tested, though"
"am sooooo tired of stressing over school    if i don't get that gpa back up to the 4 0 it's supposed to be, i'm done"
i never connected with a movie as much as i connected with the breakfast club   it is now one of my top 3 favorite movies
just beat my fam @ hoopla!  yah! awesome b-day so far!  laugh 
