77d8f7bdf96a678a4c8f79efd8cfabf9
"i'm back!!!!!! fyi to anyone that sees this because i had 2 delete my account  don't open any mess  with funky misspelled words in the mess  description box, example: yoouu were caught on a hidddenn camera  delete anything that seems suspect to u  delete it asap  that is how my acct  was hacked both times and i didn't even open the second one, so i don't know how they got me, but they did  the bastards!!! beware!!!!"
"tickets for sherlock holmes purchased on line   check  everyone setting around waiting patiently    check  now if 10:10 pm would just hurry up and get here  i can't wait to see this movie, i love r  d  jr "
"home from the movies and all i can say is if u like action flicks (w a couple of graphic violent scenes and little to no sexual content)  i highly recomend sherlock holmes  the movie critics had this one totally wrong  i'm not one to pay to see a movie twice, but this one is good enough and oh yea did i mention i love r  d  jr  puuurrr!!!!!!!!!"
is completely moved in  thank u god!!!!!! love my new place  it feels soooo good to say that 
"is thinking, what a beautiful day it is and how ready i am to get my bikini out  just got to find some time to tan these casper like legs  dang, i'm so pale i could pass as his twin  that's sad!!!"
"is thinking    cooking out and a cold beer, it doesn't get much better than this!!!!!!"
"is sooo sore and bruised today  moved my <propmale> head board and foot board up my odd stairs to my bedroom last night  by myself  can any one say \hercules\"""""
"is getting ready to go to dinner and then 2 a party  don't know where or what kind of party     i guess it will be a surprise  now if i can just get my sweetie 2 be on time, we will be doing good!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"is wondering, why i get crazy vacation days saved and then always end up having 2 have some kind of surgery that totally depletes all of my time!!!  surprise (  oh well there goes my caribbean get away, damn it!!!"
is wondering   how many licks does it take 2 get 2 the center of a tootsie roll?
"off 2 work, blaaaa!!!!! oh yea, it is tgif though, woo hoo!!!! have a great one everybody!!!!!!"
is enjoying a beautiful sunday mornig on the deck and is happy with the results of the fight last night 
"oh no, not monday again!!!"
"is releaved that monday is over  was as bad as i thought it was going 2 be  just about didn't make it 2 work on time, got there at 8am on the <propfemale>  (that was cutting it 2 close) hoping tuesday is much better  it's just got 2 be!!!"
is excited    tomorrow is friday!!!!!  woo woo!!!!!!
is party'in w some of my best girl peeps  it's been so long since i've been out on the town  i soooo deserve this  good x's!!!    {;0)
is wondering why love and wanting to be loved hurts so damn much  my heart is aching!!!
"is excited, yes it may be monday, but it's monday and i'm on v~a~c~a~t~i~o~n!!!"
is sitting on folly beach soak'in up the rays  this is the life!!!!
"is looking forward to grilling out with my baby, waiting for him 2 get here is the hardest though!!!"
is cheering on the lakers  go l a  !!!
is wondering why does love hurt so much and is sooo freak'in hard 2 get over! god i love him so much 
"is missing <propfemale> already  she left this a m  w  the youth group, florida bound, on a mission trip  won't be able to talk 2 her 4 a week (no cell phones aloud)  surprise (   i bet she is already dting "
"is excited, 2 more days and <propfemale> will be home  talked 2 her a couple of x's so far this week and this little mission trip seems 2 have opened her eyes and appreciate what she has, because there r a lot that have nothing or very little  we will see when she gets home  love and miss ya, kee kee "
"is getting ready 2 go to friend's (<propfemale> <propmale>) mom's funeral, rip, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>, god speed!!! but excited that <propfemale> will be home from jax fl  2day  got a call from her this am, the people they were w from kentucky accidentally took her luggage w them  how does that happen???"
never leave the one you love for someone you like  because the one you like will leave you for the one they love    thanks 4 the words of wisdom <propfirst>!!!
"is fishing w my baby  quality time, there is nothing like it, god, i love this man!!!"
"just loves using her hard earned vacation time as sick days  back to work 2 day after being off for 2 days with the flu! that sooo sucks!!! oh well, i owe, i owe so off 2 work i go to earn my time back, dang it!!!"
"knows it's so very late, but guess what   tomorrow is official sleep in day  thank the good lord for saturdays!!!"
"got her coppertone savage on today  sitt'in by the pool with my bff, <propfemale>  plans 4 tomorrow   the same exact same thing  i can't wait!!!"
"is so excited, just got my new samsung moment touch phone up and working  this phone is da bomb!!!"
"thinks, sometimes to potentialy find what u have been looking 4 (and in the process finding all the wrong, toxic, time wasting detours that appear 2 be everything u ever wanted and dreamed of, but with time, end up showing their true colors) all u need 2 to do is revisit your past  he is there  what a lucky girl i am!!!"
"sunday plans       the same as yesterday, sitting by the pool w the bff, soaking up the rays "
it's jersey shore time    i'm in miami bitchs!!!
is sad and heart broken!!!    x 2 go 2 bed                   ;0(
is watching <propfirst> wilder  i love his bulldog  sooooo cute!!!!
is thinking    what a lonely sunday this has been 
"had a great evening out in the vista with a great guy  hope'in we can do it again soon      (hint hint, pelion!!!)                 \oh yea     go tigers!!!  kick some north texas ass!!! let's have a good season opener today!!!"
"is going to wild hare 2 watch lefty at the washout with my bff, <propfemale>!!! fun x's 2 be had!!!"
opps lefty played a couple of weekends ago  wasn't paying attention 2 the date  damn was look'in forward 2 see'in my fav  guys play 
"and the bff r at blue in the vista, have'in a blast!!!"
"is soooo in need of this extra day off, but when we have a monday holiday, it always makes the week seem so much longer for some reason  still wouldn't trade not having to get up early tomorrow for anything!!!!!"
freak'in hates tuesdays that actually feel like a monday!!!            surprise }
i love you mommyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111one!!!!!!! - you favorite child  smile 
is happy the tigers won  would have called in sick on monday if not!!! go tigers!!!
"is sooo glad it's 1 smile 0pm on tuesday       oh yea, i'm off of work  now to the house for some serious cleaning!!! what a way to spend my afternoon off  dang!!!"
"is lov'in the clean house!!! bedroom, check  bathroom, check  <propfemale>'s room, check   downstairs, check  kitchen, check  deck, check   i think i covered it all  what a productive day      yay me!!!"
"is watching her \boy's\"" kick ass!!! the tiger \""d\"" is in the zone tonite!!!      go tigers!!!"""
"it's well into the 3rd q and my \boy's\"" r still in the lead!!! \""go tigers!!!"""
"awe, here we r at almost the end of the game and my \boy's\"" r going 2 let me down!!!      surprise (    get it together clemson!!!"""
can anyone say o t  ?????!!!!!
"clemson lost, damn it!!!! now i have to go to the freak'in lamecock bilo!!!!! don't even think i'm not won't parade myself right up in there wear'in all of my clemson paraphernalia!!!!!!!"
"loves her tigers!!! (at least for the 1st q  we'll see how many f-bombs r dropped in q's 2, 3 and 4)   keep up the good work boyzzz!!!"
woo hoo!!!
likes it in the passenger seat of my car and on the floor next to my bed!!!
is wondering why this flu won't go away! i'm feeling sooo bad!!!
"is going 2 be a good sport  good job <propfemale>!!! and the answer is no!!! i will not come on over to the other side  i am a tiger, for better or worse!!!"
is excited   today is friday for me and i have a 3 day weekend!!! took monday off 2 (since it's my b-day and i will be 21)  can i get a woo hoo!!!
"what awesome friends i am so blessed to have  thanks 2 all of u for the happy birthday's, they really brightened my day!!!"
"<propfemale>, you shouldnt leave your facebook unattened!!!  smile ?"
what a boring saturday               damn i love boring!!!
living the single life  how does that <propfirst> <propfirst> song go      freedom!!!
congrats 2 usc in advance!!!    fyi friends and family               my phone is off 4 the evening!!!   i don't want 2 hear it!!!
i smell like feet  just sayin     gretchen
thanks 4 my last status update <propfemale> <propmale>  thanks a lot!!!
"happy st  patty's day everyone!!!!!  oxoxox's from sw florida  and yea, i got my green on today     do u?????"
silver blueberry
"this time tomorrow, my lil sister will not only still be my lil sis, she will also officially be someone's new bride  good luck & congrats <propfemale> & triip!!!!"
"success!!! i just finished putting my new vaccum together  oh yea i'm that good  who needs a freak'in man?!?!  uumm      not <propfemale>, damn it!!!!"
