36839d4d3c5711dc7315253a5da4d45f
tired  homework  zombie shoot?
with hours waiting show tonight  last one  who's all going?
i have so much stuff to get done today   playful 
"fuck november  make it october again, and give me a better fall "
where the wild things are was so sad  and definitely not disappointing 
"so, so, so excited for underoath  more for august burns red, though "
aids benefit tonight   wink 
underoath tonight!! so excited 
whaaaaaaaats with the pokemon?
i miss my friends 
monster movie tonight  im too fucking tired for this 
driver's <propmale> tonight  that should be interesting 
anyone want to help me do my exam stuff? i'm about to cry  d;
tonight should be interesting   wink 
"can i just, pause today for hours and hours so i can do everything i need to, and not be tired tomorrow morning?"
the <propmale> culpaaaaaaaaaa  i abolutely love them 
i really don't like this weekend 
riot maker 
someone shoot me  honestly 
ughh  my lips still hurts like a bitch  > indecision 
"cool how everyone thinks i got busted for drugs? sorry to disappoint, kiddos, but i didn't "
"sing me a rainbow, steal me a dream "
"feeling better   smile  now, to tackle this homework problem       "
"running on two hours of sleep, amd still feeling alright "
"i feel like doing something, but i don't know what yet "
my dog is afraid of the wind  ahahaha
someone come over and pick me upp  i need out of this house 
they made me in the factory where they made my friends and we work for free 
haircut and color tomorrow! thank god  then shopping with the sister 
dress shopping with <propfemale>!
free zoo day with <propfemale>! wooooo
feeling lazy as hell  don't want to go back to school in the morning   indecision 
criminal miiiiiinds   laugh 
pup's sleeping in my lap  its cute how my iggy baby thinks hes a lap dog 
having allergies bad enough to make you sick is bullshit 
<propfemale> chaput is ridiculous   playful 
i feel so so gooood  damn 
i hate book pages for <propmale>   indecision 
happy holidays!  laugh 
i really want to see manchester orchestra on friday   indecision 
"long day  i want to sleep, but idk if i can"
todays looking pretty good compared to the shitty weekend i just had 
fuck cramps  i dont need these right now  > indecision 
this is awesome  getting a sore throat and cold on the <propfemale> of my speech  god hates me 
people make me want to puke 
"i hope you like the stars i stole for you, one hundred million twinkle lights in neon blue  i'll be the brightest someday, i'll be the brightest you'll see"
i hate allergies and a cold combined  > indecision 
candles and the rain on my roof harmonizing with bon ivers voice is the best lullaby when sleep escapes you 
"so much to doooooooooo, so little time "
i do not feel like working tonight   indecision 
dont die on me <propmale>! fucking hell 
and i'll wash my hands clean of you 
"hardest lesson to learn in life: you can never keep anything the same, no matter how much you try and want things to "
a june bug just dive-bombed me  only reason i don't like june 
nobody prays for the heartless  nobody gives another <propfemale> for the selfish 
you know i can't afford the medicine that feeds what i need 
"i dont even know how to describe the dream i just had  it was bad though, if my imagination became reality "
"goal in life: become a suicide girl, and feel as beautiful as they all look"
my mom's a fucking asshole 
why are my dreams so fucked up?
i would really appreciate it is my stomach would stop killing me
"novocaine and laughter till were seething\\we can start out loving like its breathing"
coyotes just attacked something outside my house  i want to cry right now  it sounded like women screaming bloody murder
"the clouds surround us, the light leaves us alone,\and the sky falls in your hand \\embrace the moment, cuz now we're headin' home  it couldn't be a sweeter end "
italian beef smells like shit  times like these where i'm glad i'm vegetarian 
someone e playful lain to me my own reasoning to being up at ungodly hours in the morning? much appreciated 
"no tech n9ne, so bamboozle now? alright, i'm down "
so sweaty  this even isnt cool
i want to go to <propmale> sometime this week  anyone down?
"saw a silhouette, the perfection; the outline of my dream  the blur that made everything, i had them put it all to shame "
"so my puppy is pretty much just a big baby  never likes to be away from his mommy  sometimes i wonder why people can't seem to give the same love and compassion to others as dogs can  it really shouldn't be that mind boggling, but it is "
iggys getting his balls hacked off today  poor baby
"alskdvm,vn i'm having <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfemale> withdrawls  wheres my ashleyerdman pills, woman?"
hanging with nads and <propmale> tonight  text meeeee
things feel goooooood  shit
i want to <propfemale> out with someone tonight  text me if you're down 
mmm steam shower then curling up in bed and reading  text me if you need to  goodnight 
i really want to go to the bar up the street for mozz sticks  who wants to come with???
whose going to summerfest today!?!?
lazy day tomorrow  goodnight
"someone should give me a ride to summerfest tonight during the time when its free to get it, please?"
<propfemale> the vampire slayer marathon on logo  i'm kind of really excited
"so <propfirst> me love, you've been sweet but can you show me rough?"
sleep serapis sleep and august burns red today  who's going?
extra summerfest ticket  anyone want it?
"i need a back massage and some aloe right about now  sunburned and sore to the <propmale>, ughhh"
on the way to the fireworks
out for the night  text me 
fuck mosquito bites on my foot  honestly! fuuuuuuuuuuck
"you know i cant take one more step towards you, cuz all that's waiting is regret "
"somebody mixed my medicine, i don't know what i'm on "
"i’ve got a sin to confess, i’m just \16 if you know what i mean \\tired  going to bed soon  text me"
"this is passion, it's not love, infatuation never ends up right "
devastated right now  this cant be happening 
"im hardly capable of half the damage i would like to do  i read the book, i prayed to god, but curse to much to be considered true  im just like me, but who the hell are you?"
can you feel the world slowly moving?
shower then painting? i hate how gross yard work makes me feel  > indecision 
cereal: my anytime of day food 
all you friends seem like enemies when you're broken down and empty
"guess ill try it too  like this status and ill tell you how i feel about you, and what my first impression was   smile "
what matters most is how well you walk through the fire  -c  bukowski
who wants to see atmosphere with me sept  9??!?!?!?
heading to the airport  ahhhhhhh
warped today   laugh 
lovers catching taxis going downtown  i'm talking to what's left of you; i'm watching what i say 
i wanna have a bonfire on friday  who's down to come!?
"its too hot in my room to sleep, plus im really restless  this sucks"
my cat is ridiculous   indecision 
can't find my phone  what is this 
someone come over and <propfemale> gaze with me  its so beautiful out tonight
"i took the stars from our eyes, and then i made a map  and knew that somehow i could find my way back "
someone come pick me up and get me out of this house  i've been here for far too long right now   indecision 
at sarahs house  going to school later maybe  text me if ya need to
"\hey <propfirst> can you    uhhh     can you get me some library       some library from the glove box? yeahhh      \"" oh my god  talking to me dad when he's half asleep is ridiculous """
i feel like when i bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh 
does he lie awake listening to your breath? worried you smoke too many cigarettes?
a clockwork orange is starting to mess with my head a little bit 
so anyone want to drive me to school this next week? otherwise im a little screwed   annoyed 
sex and violence
why is 700 words so hard to do!?!?
seeing atmosphere tonight!!!!!!!!  laugh 
amish people in a <propfirst>!?!? is that even legal!?
havent been to a concert that good in sooo long 
"sweep that devil out your head, lay those skeletons to rest "
travi is my boy  i will love him forever and ever
"look at that you started, got the whole world shaking their fists at the sky  trying to find the reason, trying to blame it on tomorrow like it's come to take away their jesus "
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i really appreciated it!  smile 
possible girls night saturday in celebration of my birthday?  laugh  talk to moi 
it's way too cold  i just want to snuggle under my blankets for a million years 
fuck allergies  waking up with puffy eyes and a stuffed up nose is not how i like to start my day 
i dont like the restless feeling a get when waiting for people to come over  blahhhhhh
my niece is probably the cutest thing i have ever seen  im kind of falling in love with her
cleaning for girls night  can't wait   wink 
work tonight        indecision 
so so so excited for abr and bmth!  laugh  i miss my boys 
you are one slutty bitch 
"heart attacks waiting to happen, so come a little closer  tell me those three little words "
in the falls with sarebear @ salvation army
"letgs play a game of russian roulette  i hold the gun, you place the bets "
really wanna go to the eastside tonight for the show at the mirimar  but no money  poop  guess ill take a nap? hahah
pretty in pink!
"\it makes people in the war think          why are we fightin'?\"""""
not to self: dont ever fall asleep during ghost story shows again  your dreams get freaky 
ap psych or <propfemale> the vampire slayer  hmmm       
"everytime i yawn, my nose burns  > indecision "
watching all the <propmale> potter movies before thursday  then its the 1st part of the 7th!
"what words can you get out of \one\"" being the middle part? like al\""one\""?"""
watching slc punk and drinking tea  #goodlife
"made biscuits from scratch, and managed to get flour all over me, the kitchen and iggy  oops "
home alone for the night  what should i do?
church camp all weekend  really cant have my phone  text if you really need to   smile 
someone should do something with me after work tonight  im sick of sitting in this house doing nothing   indecision 
someone come pick me uppppp
great weekend   smile  especially since im getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow   indecision 
watching man vs  food with the pops  i dont know how this guy is not 300 pounds yet 
someone should come over to cuddle with meeee   smile 
"well, seems i've left my phone at the relative's  this kind of really sucks  at least i had a decent christmas, and i hope everyone else did too   smile "
who wants to hangout today since i've got no plans?  smile 
tonight looks like a misfits watching kind of night 
"cleaning + homework today, eastside tomorrow  and then party on friday "
why am i getting siiiiiiick!? i hate this   indecision 
so who's up for a girl's night this saturday?  smile 
girls night tomorrow  it should get pretty interesting   smile 
"i think im gonna bash some heads in tomorrow if i hear people talking about skins  the uk did it first, and better i must say "
this is disgusting 
i could really do without my eyes going cross-eyed whenever i'm at the computer without my glasses   indecision 
exhausted from painting  who knew it could take so much out of you?
come at me ap psych paper 
painting all night   smile 
"went to the doctor, guess i got the flu   annoyed  shit sucks"
odessey!  smile 
lots of stuff to do today  ccd class later  fun day   indecision 
tutti fuckin' fruiti
i hate painting when im upset  never a good combination   annoyed 
gotta dress asian for tomorrow night  anyone got ideas? ahaha
"fuck landlords, forreal "
this place about to blowwwww
painting the rest of the day away   smile 
"we aren't quite ready yet, so stop thinkin' cuz the future's dead"
