2df4a3bd948829d4847f943c31a19c16
happy new years eve  be safe   remember whatever your doing at midnight u will be doing all year   make it great!!
how do i add pictures on here? i'm so out of the loop   lol
how it all comes together and falls apart again   thats life   huh   enjoy the wild ride!!!!!!!
happy independence day!!!!!
"need prayers for luck, peace, and success please   "
i am gonna be a grandma again!!!!!!
attending a personal growth seminar to create abundance and love in my life!!!!! life is amazing    psi seminars check it out   life changing   to think is to create!!!!
apx alarm company sucks!!!! buyer beware!!!
it's hoooooooootttttttt in phoenix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pool party!!!!!!!
“every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness \\,2df4a3bd948829d4847f943c31a19c16,"always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  \ ~abraham lincoln~"
"trying to change someone is a waste of time  the very thought of changing someone is saying that they are not good enough as they are, and it is soaked with judgment and disapproval  that is not a thought of appreciation or love, and those thoughts will only bring separation between you and that person you must look for the good in people to have more of it appear "
"<propfemale> your visions  <propfemale> your ideals  <propfemale> the music that stirs in your heart, the beauty that forms in your mind, the loveliness that drapes your purest thoughts, for out of them will grow all delightful conditions, all heavenly environment, of these, if you but remain true to them your world will at last be built  ~as a man thinketh~"
klotz's with unclaimed money in indiana  check it out  
<propfemale> i am in total agreement!!!
i am open to receive the abundance of the universe now!!!!!!
sure find out who your friends are when your down and out!!!!!
"n2itv1 \your one stop intuitive spot  check it out"
"2+2 = 5 that is always the answer    just because one person said something that makes sense to them and can defend their thoughts doesn't make it a reality for you, until you accept it as one "
how do i delete a photo?
"\the indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want \""~ben stein~"""
went ot kewl meditation last night!!!!
i have a bowflex for sale
ok everyone has to send good juju my way at 9am tmmrw   positive thoughts  if you pray please include me!!! thanks   abundance to all!!!!!
omg i need to sleep   
"i am a gorgeous, worthy, brilliant woman passionately enjoying spiritual and intimate relationships in my life now!"
life is soooo interesting    abundance to all
gratitude   
anybody know anyone famous or important person?
i ask and therefore i receive  i deserve to fulfill my <propfemale>
i invite new choices into my life  my goals are coming manifest! my future is full of possibilities!!!
omg case 39 is an excellent scary thriller   watch it!
camped in sedona and did an all day meditation retreat   awesome   life is amazing  omega tonight!!!
"steps 1,2, and 3   turn my will and life over to the care of god!!!! amen   "
life is very interesting!!!!!!!!!!! what amazing thing will happen next????
<propfemale> sprow on my friends list does reiki healings   contact her now
one more hoop jumped thru! taking myself to lunch  
meditate don't medicate   
who believes in soulmates? love at first sight? fate? <propfemale>?
ok everyone needs to send good energy my way at 11am tmmrw   as if lives depended on it    thanks
ok everyone think positive thoughts for my highest good now please
hot springs are my new favorite weekend get away   
don't drink coffee at 8pm   note to self  
so what do you think of a person who attempts to ruin another career because you don't work out as a couple?
what do u think of someone who contests a restraining order to have the other person served?
happy sunday everyone   
wow 40yrs old today!!!!!
ho ho ho <propfemale> christmas   
abundance health and love to all ; )
your just like a fine wine  you get better with time!
don't be the first one to fall asleep if you one of 4 boys  lol
happy sunday football   
1 11 11 baby your a firework!!!!
happy birthday to my grandson <propmale> 7 yrs old today   i love you!
"let in the love and light   health, wealth, and happiness to all   "
believe in forgiveness and that everything happens for a reason   need lots of loving energy today   whoosh!!
thanks for all the love yesterday   it worked!!
