db56f787a33f8cb6ac6b0bec22a118f1
i don't know what i'm getting more tired of: endless allergies or oversensitive hearing   
"holy leaping years, batman! i'm 21 already?!"
"how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you "
never gets sick of cloverfield
new season of lost tapes! yaaaaay! *celebrates*
"sometimes loneliness actually works for me, and sometimes it seems significantly worse than being mauled by a bear  today   i feel like hugging a bear  playful "
premonitions can be scary   
"<propmale>, video game design, animal care, and, most of all, creative writing  my plate is definitely full "
"my mom just lost her beloved horse, rhatana red, tonight, and is devastated (and so am i)  if you would, please pray for her "
a strange ball of light just floated up the street     should i be worried?
wishing everyone a very <propfemale> christmas!  laugh 
christmas always begins with joy and celebration and ends with fatigue and sickness from eating too many christmas cookies   but thank god for christmas anyway!
"twilight zone marathon! yay!!\happy new year!"
always lonely but never alone
anyone who hits my dogs will be lucky if i don't tear their throat out with my teeth 
"you're never too young or too old to invest  grow, money tree! grow!"
only god could have saved me from that deer on the highway  praise god!  laugh 
hughesnet sucks! clear skies and i still have to go to town just to use the internet! x(
time to buckle down and get serious  let the writing begin!
just watched paranormal activity 2  hopefully it will fuel my writing and not just insomnia 
"happy <propfirst>'s day! and to those of you who are as alone as i am, enjoy your day knowing jesus is your <propfirst>!"
"well, i guess my college plans have taken a nosedive, so i'm desperately seeking out a new college now "
destined to be a blueberry   
"it's one thing to be visited by the jehovah's witnesses monthly, but it's a whole different bag of skittles to be stalked by them "
finally finished a story! yay!!
"in a moment of pure stupidity, i let my puppy off the leash    and she flew like a bat out of hell into the woods "
