7ac570333bba799a8a1c53d0c146cd2a
finally decided to get a facebook
wants it to rain very badly
really doesnt wanna go to school tomarrow
eating a huge bag of twizzlers smile  smile  smile 
wants ice cream
<propfemale> is not a virtue    it is a waste of time
likes long naps smile  smile  smile  smile 
salt and vinegar chips  mmmmmmm  smile   smile 
loves shooting guns smile   smile 
yaaaaaa!! dance!!
whats on my mind? it keeps asking me this
is never gonna sleep tonight  life sucks
"now that shes back in the atmosphere, im afraid that she might think of me as plain old, change old, sorry bout a man who was too afraid to fly so never did land - train"
woooooooooooooohoooooooooooooooooooo!  smile 
how does this thing work??
"an eventful day!! <propmale> out with my friends all day, got new speakers and almost got in a car accident!"
im gonna go running cuz its flippin amazing outside!!
"i will be completely honest for 2 days    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  smile "
running in rain!!?    i think so!
choir concert at 7 or 7 smile 0?
    yup 
"i never thought that i had any more to give pushing me so far here i am without you drink to all that we have lost, mistakes that we have made everything will change, love remains the same - <propmale> rossdale"
amazing christmas!! got to talk with my brothers!!!  laugh 
this is a terrible day    i just lost all my music  sad 
what celebrity do i look like?? anyone??
mmmmmmm!!!!!     cookie dough!!!!!
stop right there  thats exactly where i lost it  see that line  well i never should have crossed it  stop right there  well i never should have said that it's the very moment that i wish that i could take back  i'm sorry for the person i became  im sorry that it took so long for me to change  i'm ready to be sure i never become that way again cause who i am hates who i've been  who i am hates who i've been  relient k
you know what sucks??
1 month     1 month     1 month    why are you taking so long to get    time to sleep    food    hamburgers!!
last high school band concert
mormon prom was awesome!!!! soooo much better than school dances!
you know whats the best?
i got tp'd  grrrrr
im angry 
thank you everybody!!!! it was a great day!!!
awesome time hanging out with friends!!! great night
pioneer trek was pretty much the funnest thing ive ever done!
does anybody have a copy of the marching band state championship show i can have? or post it on facebook
