cc564c9b642e31863b9e5f23e0e9959e
2010 is for no more procrastination! lets e playful eriment with this now!
cant break a world record anymore   darn
driving to california is intense!
fml im an idiot  stupid sats!!!!
"i got hids on my car, they are yummy"
i wish i was bowling at the moment
is going to go to church?! oh yay
watching youtube     at 2:42!
today turned into a good day  laugh   waiting for the future and waiting for tennis!
"just had a t-awesome party with <propfemale> matamoros, one of the greatest people on this planet"
time to get a haircut! good bye puffy hair!
finally got an ipod   but there so complicated!
is up too late  i have to wake up early!
"vancouver blehhhh! my bad for going 10 <propmale> per hour, very sorry! but gah! whyy, it was a good burger though"
thinks that dejas cookies were pretty good
5 cops!  ohh noo!
off too play some tennis  smile 
district 9 was okay i guess   and tennis practice was okay too i guess  
tennis practice at 830 am! wtf
not the greatest day in the world   
gonna eat some chickken!
i just learned it was september! omg!
does anyone want to purchase a psychology book  smile 
my phones not working  gah!
doesnt like high school at all =p
tennis match at black hills hs  1-0 so far
young <propfirst> and i won our doubles match!! omg
"is confused, but school was pretty good "
is having fun doing brain teasers instead of my homework  smile 
im writing about mating rituals for class =o
ready for school! yess!!
panic at the disco is really cool yo!
gosh vladimir horowitz makes my competition piece look sooo easy! jeez
i guess im going to swing   still procrastinating on homework  
sooo mad!! im an idiot!! i forgot my tie!!  sad 
me and young <propfirst> are totally awesome!
2 hours of homework! no distractions! goodbye to everyone! no cell phones!  smile 
3 out of 10  smile 
4 journals done  smile  im happy! ill do a couple more tomorrow!
i didnt get it on video!
i had the strangest dream   
writing about drugs   oh joyy!
just failed at life    bad end to a good day     sad 
i am awake now! i am going to go back to bed  good night world
watch the invention of lying with sunshine ota and it was amazingly awesome!!
going to play the piano
"will find a college suitable for myself now, while eating grapes! yes!"
just ate some salad! it was actually good!  smile  i like tomatos
crazy chemistry class!
should i even go to bed now?!
<propfemale> the new <propfemale> soundtrack came out and i downloaded it! i like the song new <propfemale>!
i just had the worst dream of my life! it made me actually mad!
i feel hungover   but i havent had any alcohol at all crazy!
college    crazy!
strange day  going on a walk now
four more pages to write! i feel ahead!
"time to go run, then shower, then piano, then homework!"
"oh shit i have a paper due tomorrow, now i cant play tetris!"
does anybody want to buy a tv?! its 65 inches!
going to go on a run! haha
im tired of running now!
im completely serious about this 65 inch tv! ill sell it to you for 150 dolla! you just have to pick it up!
my inbox wont open   darn
woot im going to a european holiday  !!
has not finished his homework   i give up now  too tired to <propfemale> on! lame haha
cleaning   i can see the floor!
raichu is amazing!
my sisters watching some random show about adult films on channel 65    
thinking about playing farmville    oh nooo
"shower, food, ridge, uhhh something!"
lost pikachu!
dreamt that there was a donut party at target 
"had a dream that i was in an action movie, it started as a stoner movie, then we got to walmart"
i <propfemale> a huge headache!
scary dreams are not to my liking  !
onerepublic   good stuff!! dream out loud
thanks lanii  laugh  that makes my day! good night now  smile 
running downstairs and finding something!!
hmm what to do  
writing an essay! woot   
"i am happy, i also did something totally wreckless (that was fun)!"
listening to onerepublic! yes!
bored =o
cool roadtrip with an amazing oceanic view
i seriously cant sleep at all 
"inception, i will definitely fully understand you this time around!  smile "
joined the community orchestra   wow
feels terrible  sad     good night world
there's a complete mystery going on good night
omygosh friday is my 18th birthday =ooo
theres going to be something to live for 
university of washington music auditions on march 5th   smile 
my computers being so slow i cant upload pictures and facebook messenger is going too slow  oh well good night world and all who inhabit it  smile 
i love my piano   
going to go back to piano loving or possibly homework  thank you to all you amazing people!
not pianos or homework  i am going to find myself 
western washington university music audition is march 12th  laugh 
finished the government essay!  laugh 
lyrics make so much more sense! ahaha  go aerosmith!
test in astronomy and stats tomorrow!!  laugh  quite the joyous occasion!!
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  laugh  today was a good day
played my piano for 2 hours until coming to the realization that his fingernails were too long!!
"1st i watched the book of <propmale>, good movie  2nd i am going ice skating with some my friends today  3rd i want to be friends with both of you  laugh  good night"
nutrition homework is very stupid!
im doing good at burning time  day 1 was good  smile 
stop! shower time!
at school  thought i could do nutrition homework   but i guess that will have to wait until later 
"just got home! swing was cool, school was decent, perfectly ready for tomorrow  smile "
are you good enough? i dont like this question   
can we ever travel back in time? and would the world be in chaos with the simplest change?
"haha, what makes a cute butt a cute butt? =o"
sleeping early today!! wandering thoughts   
tennis today!!  smile  havent played since sub districts! i hope im still decent!
i never saw it coming i should have started running a long long time ago   =o i like that song
doing college stuff at panera bread!!  smile  its very prodictive  smile 
bittersweet your're gonna be the death of me
i like <propmale> yamins newer album
"legs,back,abripperx!! ^__^v"
learning navi  smile  avatar is so cool!!!! hahahaha
school is such a beautiful lie
i finally slept an entire night!!  laugh 
"a night of scarlatti, mozart, and chopin  peaceful ending to the day "
on a salad mission!!!
going to go eat something! then go to <propmale> maurer's place of residence
a sick feeling    hopefully it goes away before school tomorrow!
i believe it is february already   smile 
special lemonade  laugh  made with love  haha  smile 
i finished my nutrition!! i get 300% of my daily reccommended intake of protein!!  laugh 
i just had an epiphany!! =o
i think thats day like 12   
"make chicken teriyaki, eat kimchee, watch fast and the furious, start nutrition homework!"
did you know they are remaking silver version of pokemon  i wish time trave was possible also 
attempt at making chicken teriyaki failed!!!  sad (( but funky chicken dish still tastes pretty good  laugh 
what classes do i take next quarter !?!
oh what a day! tired and confused! i'm play away my thoughts   
going to church  smile  saints are winning the superbowl today =oooo
sad    i do fail at life   
going to ihop!
"i have a statistics test tomorrow, but i went to class because i thought it was today! =o"
i just had an epiphany!
going to young <propfirst>'s house to play video games!
broken phone!! stupid blackberry!! im on a bus is the greatest song ever!
time and distance doesnt feel like it exists  =o
dont forget to bring your yugioh cards to school tomorrow  smile  hahaha
i am so tired of school already! =o
reading the chronicles of narnia  smile 
i should be in astronomy right now    but im not  smile  !!  smile 
hmm im bored now!
"good morning, how are you?  smile "
juiliard music audition requirements are crazy!!
she is my drug =o
teaching little baby children is <propfemale> hard to do! they are too fragile!
"im so sick of the hobos, always begging for change  _ the best song lyric of today! i think i played too much pool for one day"
i crashed the car!!  sad   sad   sad  ohh my gosh! but i did get free coffee from dutch bros because they loved me!! lol  laugh 
wants a pogo stick! please get me one anybody?!  laugh 
taco <propfemale> isnt giving away free fresco tacos anymore  sad  sad day    but im going oyster harvesting tomorrow!!  laugh 
must finish fafsa!! then play tennis at thurston and possibly go swing dancing at the onion!! get your groovy boogy on!
poke poke poke whats with all the facebook poking!! i'll get you in real life!!
my fortune cookie said that today my flow of words would be very good and to go write a letter! does anyone in particular want me to write a letter to them?  laugh 
"2010 state recital competition is in 6 days, lets go play the piano!"
totally missed the concert at capital because i am unaware of the location of capital high school =o
totally missed the concert at capital because i am unaware of the location of capital high school =o
two oranges and a cinnamon roll ! completely prepared to nutrition homework!
goodbye! i will enrich my mind with a posthumous nocturne by chopin  smile 
"has a headache, tired  does someone want to do something cool?"
"scotch broom tomorrow! i hope its not a failing cause, but helping the environment is slightly awesome!"
good bye yall! scotch broom time! late ish   ahaha
<propfemale> day!! yeah!! went clamming!! yeah!! got kicked out of taco <propfemale> yeah!! playing piano half clothed!! yeah!!
is nervous for my state piano recital competition! =o
<propfemale> in wonderland is pretty spiffy!
i wish i had a bike~ so much cooler than a car!
theres not enough time to go farming! but i have a plaid shirt to go farming in!
off to save the wizard
off on my long car ride to bellingham!  smile 
got accepted to the wwu school of music!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   v joyful v
totallly stayed up to beat house of the dead overkill!!
off to go vollunteer! i dont know what it is!
"rock step, triple step, step, step, triple step! swing dancing was fun  smile "
do you want to have a homework party?
"omygoodness! i got an \exceptional\"" on my audition at western and am being given scholarship money! =o"""
"today was pretty sweet! a life changing book, pianos, swing dancing, an amazing brat! dodgeball tomorrow!!"
is tomorrow the last day of school? or is it friday?
im about to go play frisbee! woot!
good day! time for some piano party time!
how is everyone so good at bubble spinner! good night!
why am i able to wake up today at 5:45 am   but during school days   i sleep until 7?!
"day 1 - march 25, end date will be may 27 "
eating a delicious carrot  smile 
pretty fancy night downtown! percival landing is a nice place!
my complete collection of beethoven sonatas will not finish downloading for 2 more hours =o
is playing a fancy electric blue violin!
yummmy thai food  but not spicy enough! playing the violin  smile 
first day of school was successful! how was yours? off to lanii sykora-lovaas's house and the dutch brothers!
woot! my scholarship letter from my western piano audtion finally came!!
going to seattle! random trip!
happy birthday buddha!!! i'm sorry we don't have a real holiday for you  ^ ^v
writing an essay similar to something i did two years ago in ap world history! this is amazing! i'm slightly happy about this! =o
omg my computer froze! i just spent 30 minutes on this essay   efffffffff!!!
does anybody want to see the vagina monologues haha?!  smile 
im actually reading a textbook for class this is headline news!
made an orange banana mango smoothie  laugh dd sooo good!
stomach aches   never eat sample sushi from top food 
"going to make a breakfast sandwich consisting of an english muffin, an over hard egg, sliced marbled <propfirst> cheese, and canada's finest bacon! ^ ^v"
off to swing dancing!
watching movies all night hopefully!
im totally watching the starcraft final of the 2009 wcg! yes!
woah i totally just made the greatest chicken ever!
"everyones statuses say they have something on their mind, and i guess mines just the same "
"i ate a tilapia, a very nifty fish indeed   laugh "
does anyone want to go to the ram and take on the behemoth burger challenge with me?! we can win t-shirts!!
failed to eat the 5 pound behemoth burger!! had a good day in the park!! and played soccer-volleyball in the walmart parking lot!!
the <propmale> of persia was a pretty cool movie and so was last night!
do androids dream of electric beats? ^ ^v
anyone want to go to taco <propfemale>?!
my phone just went completely white  oh well i need a new one!
goats are slightly terrifying aha
i cannot wait to go to college!! graduation can come really soon!
anyone interested in playing tennis?!
i installed my 5000k hids on my 2010 mazda 3 !! woot
eating rice and beef and bokchoy  starting communications final! only 2 more days!  smile 
ran out of oreos    now what do i do?!
woohoo typing last final on this nifty keyboard  its doesnt make that clicky noise that much and it feels nice  then summer time!!  smile 
today was my last day of school and we got pho!  smile 
woot! graduated! great 4 years! now what    ahahaha  smile 
"i did it! im happy with life now! good night world!! \ smile \ smile "
do not buy cheap chicken frrom walmart! it sucks!
"sooo i wanted this free tongue brush called an orabrush and they were going to send it too me for free, but i had to pay shipping and shipping was $3 99!! thats terrible  sad "
i finally have strings on my tennis racket!  smile 
<propfemale> performed terribly in the world cup today  how did they lose so badly!  sad 
i bey my e playful loding boom is bigger than your boom!
off to a mall!
"i really want to see <propmale> potter and the deathly hollows,,but it wont come out until november  sad "
i totally went running!  smile 
like everyone is getting there wisdom teeth pulled! i want mine gone too!!
goodnight world!
"are you running out of breath, from running through my head all night? ahahaha! yes you!"
i am no longer a music education <propmale> at western!! ^ ^v
this tile cutter outside my window is ruining my youtube videos   lame rain
i need to get on the crew team at wwu!
one hour of jogging accomplished!  smile 
i missed the sonicboom! lame! =o now how am i supposed to hear one!
"i went to my old school today, very memorable!  smile "
is typing this on a new laptop computer! exciting!
the us open is pretty cool! plyometrics ftw!
tennis in <propfemale> for the last time!! =o
i go to college tomorrow! woot!
school tomorrow!! 8 am! i  watched glee for the first time tonight! it was nifty!
i wish i had all my classes every day so i wouldnt have to remember the days that i didnt have classes!!
time to go to sleep again!
"laundry here takes forever, but singing in the laundry rooms is pretty nifty"
"going to the gym  smile  i hear a piano that isnt me, strange    "
double rainbow all the way across the sky   yeah yeah yeah yeha tyehh!  smile 
"went to <propfemale> to get a haircut and an awesome mattress pad, <propmale> out with <propmale> maurer, then drove to uw to talk o young <propfirst>, and totally went to visit <propfemale> <propfemale> around the space needle, and called rainheart simandjuntak, about 10 times and failed!"
i did an awesome condom demonstration yesterday!!  smile 
angel wing neon dance parties are pretty nifty! and really wet!!
i finally had a piano lesson at western that wasn't absolutely atrocious!  smile 
does anyone know how to play the alto saxophone> and can teach me the altissimo register and how to get vibrato to sound awesome?
i ran out of top ramen       sad 
must catch up on sleep when time goes back on sunday!
curry   its whats for breakfast!
i just did a logic question! and it took 43 minutes to finish!
"this weekend was the craziest thing that i have done since i started college pretty much haha, now its time for a long day of homework!  smile "
   
<propfemale> i stayed at school to go to class on wednesday  and i went to one of them but i skipped the other so that i could eat breakfast  ohh well going home  smile 
did totally awesome on my piano juries!!  laugh d
"all my life questions have finally been answered by andie tijerina , thank you very much "
omg! i got an a+++++ in logic class! i thought i epicly failed but im so awesome!  smile  yay!  smile  <propfemale> christmas  smile 
avatar: the last airbender in 3d bluray! with <propfemale> sykora-lovaas  winter break is dazzling!
well tonight was pretty chill and relaxed at the end
"im not a <propfemale> and this aint a fairytale, - hahaha from <propfirst> swift    "
this lunar eclipse is lame!! i was e playful ecting awesome!! all it did was disappear!
my blackberry phone is broken =o noooooo
scarf tying is a very useful skill and keeps you warm =o
"this morning started in portland, oregon with a bucket of donuts, and a bacon <propfemale> bar at voodoo donuts, amazing! how are you all today?"
"is going to go swing dancing tonight,  smile "
"i just realize i rode on a carousel this winter break, what a life accomplishment!  smile "
first day of school  smile 
its snowing! i just had to post this an hour later than everyone else  laugh 
i slipped trying to go up a hill 3 times before i gave up and parallel parked on the side of the road! arghh snow      =o
"thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  smile \i met an australian person today! it was exciting!"
anyone want to go to a <propfemale> concert??  smile 
"i get home to <propfemale> and people are swing dancing in my house to \in the mood\"" what a wonderful world!"""
the weekend had some awesome dancing going on! seattle is a confusing place!
red light green light champion!! yeahhh!!  smile 
"weekend in seattle with <propfemale> <propfemale>, its going to be a brilliant weekend  laugh "
part writing assignment was super easy! i'm glad i procrastinated!
i just wrote a future email to myself! the internet is brilliant!
i got a celibi!! pokemon!!
thank you for the chocolate <propfemale> crazy lady! whoever you may be!
every time i come home there are a ton of dancers in the house!
"watched pokemon 4ever, it was awesome!"
"i'm updating my status on my new droid x!!!\"",2011-03-06 19:44 surprise 4""",cc564c9b642e31863b9e5f23e0e9959e,i get so much work done in the viking union compared to my room  this is genius!
omg! wtf!@
i have a stomach ache and cold fingers =o
if your finger slips through the toilet paper it does not mean you've had anal sex - <propmale> brown
im observing a piano lesson  this ia what i love about the world  smile  perfectly content!
wtf!! how did <propmale> score!!
the school sent me money!!  laugh 
