77c7e31853b702e51547f6c7e9ff35ae
"i'm so in love i could throw up my intestines! <propfirst> just got a journalism job in ionia, which is way more than the cat's meow! i'll be moving up there in december!  love  life finally decides to throw a party in our favor!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
happy new year!!
"people need to understand  that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking  for a cure, only acceptance  they are not disabled just differently  abled  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the  7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  special  education week march 22nd to the 26th"
"ugh, horribly sick with 3 different illnesses!! why me?  sad "
"ugh, getting terribly sick again  sad "
"check this website out and look at the pictures  it's extremely disturbing \http annoyed  news yahoo com nphotos gulf-coast-oil-spill ss events us 042110oilrige playful lode#photoviewer annoyed 100621 1913 hvn laugh qbms5"
just found out loki is a girl!! rofl  so we are re-naming her lokita to be gender specific  smile 
"omg just drove my <propmale> car for the first time, alone, and on the highway to boot     it was single-handedly the most terrifying e playful erience of my life!!"
i like it on the dining room table  wink 
"*has lost faith in everything for the moment* what do you do when you discover secrets, lies, and betrayal in your own back yard?"
"woo woo! loving charter cable internet phone right now! i called and complained about my <propmale>, and they dropped it by $40 a month for the next 12 months!! yay go me!!"
"new virus on fb using your pictures  it says you have been tagged in a picture, wants you to click on a link to see it, then hacks into your computer & all your accounts, including banking & other secure accounts  it destroys your computer  once hacked into your computer, it sends\ e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pictures \& starts the process again  please re-post!! urgent"
my job makes me want to go on a homicidal rampage    
does my sense of humor make me a terrible person? i think i'm going to hell for what makes me laugh    
not digging the tornado and high wind warnings
happy halloween!!
"my poor kitten got a plastic bag stuck on her head, freaked out, ran away, and peed herself!  sad "
feeling neglected  is it really so much to ask for a phone call after 7 hours of not knowing if he's alive and well? grr   
happy thanksgiving!!
"omg i hate my p o s car!!! locks are frozen solid, tried everything to thaw them  grr!!!!!! > sad "
redbull and gin
"just took lokita to the vet to be spayed  i'm only freaking out a little  annoyed   poor <propfemale>, i hope she's going to be okay!"
poor kita is sick  if only i wasn't freaking out about the poisonous meds the vet gave her too  sad 
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!!  love 
woot! got a 95% on my history midterm!! *dances*
