7025d065e35f1f8a3f9e22c3c7e9309d
is in class and really bored!!!!
is tryin to figure out what shes gonna do for her mas bday today   
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will do this   "
happy new year!
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!! hi <propfemale>!!!!
"needs to get away, if only for a week "
bvvcgfgccgvmbhgcuukhxtxjkhotdtyytffuyguuttsr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is feeling very conflicted with a few different situations 
is feeling very conflicted in many different issues  and can't figure out what she should do  but one thing is becoming very clear to her 
just dosnt know anymore
its funny how things never turn out the way you e playful ect them to 
"i just got a native american flute set yesterday, one that u gotta carve yourself  my wolf figurines head is done, and his shoulders are almost finished! i just started workin on the flute, but starlight is tellin me where tio carve and where not to  turnin out great! my mom got hers 2 and its awsome  cant wait to finish em "
happy earth day!
is going to see oceans today  kinda excited!
cut her hair so the farthest t goes is mid back  its s much shorter! gonna take a while to get used to it 
is freakin out a bit
"theres nothin worse than buyin a new dvd, gettin psyched to watch it  then the dvd player brakes!!!!"
is overloading 
the one thing i hate most is being lied to
is slapping herself on the head  dosnt know what to do now  there needs to be a guide book fo life!
theres too much drama in my life rite now 
gahhhhhhhhh! *puft*
i am so done with all this bs!
sixteen candles is one of my fav movies 
sliced some skin off my finger yesterday when i accidently got it stuck in the door of the car   annoyed  but im glad its healing up nicely and didnt brake the bone 
"<propfemale> your visions, your ideals, and the music that stirs your heart  if you remain true to them, your world will at last be built \-<propfirst> <propfirst>"
goodbye sweet hat
"turn up the music, block out the world "
"never give up, never give in!"
"how is it that day by day nothing changes, but when we look back everything is different?"
gahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
"the right thing to do, and the hardest thing to do are usualy the same thing "
the family therapist session kinda worked  sept now we r startin to get on eahotherrs nerves 
"if you dont like your life, then change it  if you dont like your <propfemale>, then fight for a better one!!!"
my life is offically going <propfemale> hell!
 sad 
cleaning the bathroom  never fun 
just found a dimond ring @ the bus stop
thursday was crazy! i had to meet a counsler who was 15 mins late for our apt  joined the honor program  i emailed a teacher i've never heard of  my computer got a virus  found an engagment ring @ a bus stop  got yelled @ by family  and finished the night off with one of my favorite movies  weird 
we havent had rain in 75 days!
for the record: i really hate tucson
i dont know what to do  sad 
"love the money, hate the job"
this nite offically sucked!
opps   
the paint and i are not friends!
tonight was as weird as hell!!!!!!
we need to slow down now! billys gonna e playful lode and javons overloading!
we have been looking for my brother since 12 smile 0am! finally found him walkin down the street on our way to the police station! thats 2 1 2 hours of frantic searhing!
got my school stuff figured out! yea!
the gaslight theater is still awsome!
new boss is driving me insane!
\this is very strange,"    i love the cockroach pattern!\""\"7025d065e35f1f8a3f9e22c3c7e9309d,"im in a rut and need to go on an adventure! someplace that can give me some insperation! cause when you make 12 paintings, and the best outta all of em is a suprised worm,    sometins gotta be wrong!"
zombie walk 10 23!!!!!!!! cant wait!!!!
is annoyed at wellsfargo!
 sad 
is feeling creative
why does stuff have to cost so much????
why?????
i feel like a pink marshmellow!!!!!!
i finally got my check!
theraflu is diasgusting!
theraflu is disgusting
today i work from 11am-12 smile 0am  fun 
just got my new laptop!!!!!!  laugh 
just shoot me now!
"ok, heres the qustion of the day: what is the weirdest thing that happened to you at your work? please copy and paste as your status  a tie between a man spitting his food at me in disgust, and a man at drive thru handing me a kitten "
yay! my good deed of the day is done!
i make one freaky lookin hippie  and all my facepaint is smearing   sad 
"is @ casono <propmale> <propfirst> for a native american gathering, and i'm assigned to watch the prize booth  fun "
i love christmas movies!
i hate 2 point perspective drawing! it dirves me crazy!
especially when its worth 2 homeworks sad 
garrr!!!
blech  playful  
i love christmas movies!
my back is killing me  sad   i'm glad i don't have to work today 
finaly got our lights all lit up the day before christmas <propfemale>!  smile  after being up for 2 weeks complestly unlit 
"volunteering for salvation army, ran out of gravy   sad  10 <propfemale> wait "
i love the rain!
"dogs+mailman=animal control, police, criminal charges  not a good day   sad "
todays court day for the dogs sad  tuesday is the court day for the boy sad  not good 
my nose is killing me  i hate my allergies!
"ok, time to take <propfirst> for a walk "
"i don't like <propfirst> brown, i don't like most of his music  but i love his albem cover for yeah 3x!"
case 39 sucks  :-\\
"i am watching the <propfemale> in wonderland version of my fair wedding, and it is by far my favorite  i love the whole idea of it, people, dress, theme, everything!"
"1 class down, 2 to go  kinda nervous "
1 class to go then im done for the day
"ok, not smart on my part"
our teacher forgot we had class  opps
"i've decided i like making master reproductions, but i don't like waiting till the last minute to do them  :-\\"
i love my teachers! they are all awesome!
i really hate theraflu!
i'm not sick  i can not be sick!!! i have to work @ the gem show tomarrow at the eegee's booth! i  can  not  get  sick !!!
gahh!
i hate being sick!
"i'm not happy, my boss is not happy, and her boss is not happy   sad  not a good week "
"so now eegees is now putting animal masks in the kids meals, and today this adorable little three year old ran up to the counter in an upside down tiger mask and yelled \grrrrr!\"" she was too cute!"""
its a really beautiful day atpima!
bleach!  smile 
"okay, so far i've forgotten three things that i needed today  i am also going to be 15 minutes late to my <propmale> class   sad  not a good st<propmale> to the day "
i hate being a procrastinator!
i really hate working with the phthalo blue pigment! it never wants to mix with the water or the egg white mixture!
my brother is really irresponsible!
"writers block \ sad "
i am going to kill my cell phone!!!
is there anybody out there who like naruto or naruto shippuden???
i  hate  being  sick 
writers block  i just wanna go home and work on my reproduction!
