c118998cff8b844201e3a4bc5af3f948
"i've learned that whenever i decied something with an open heart i usually make the right decision  a wise person learns from the e playful erince of others  an ordinary person learns by his or her own e playful erince  a fool learns by nobody's e playful erince! but the most important thing that i've learned through it all is that no matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life goes on and it wil be better tomorrow!"
"if love is said to be the most beautiful thing to acquire, why does it hurt so much?"
it's been raining for the past few days and                   need i say more?
a lot of things on my mind                should i do it or just leave it as it is?
"right about now i trust no man, fear no bitch  i won't kiss no ass and <propmale> no <propmale>, bcuz men play games and are full of shit!"
"i don't feel like starting over but i'm not in the mood to deal with the same b s  everyday, so guess what               nigga keep it moving!"
i'm feeling so good!
assumptions are the termites of relationships     too bad some of us of to learn the hard way       
single? yes  available? no!
"i don't pretend to kno what love is for everyone, but i can tell you what it is for me;love is knowing all about someone & still wanting to be with them more than any other person love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself, including the things you might be ashamed of love is feeling comfortable & safe with someone,but still getting weak in the knees when they walk into a room & smile at you "
"omg        i'm feeling soooooooo gud! this is probably the best i've felt in a longtime! yep, dats wat i said!"
"no man is worth your tears, but once you find one that is, he will never make you cry    *lesson learned*"
not feeling as confident as i was a few days ago         guess it's just one of those days (can't wait for it to be over with) *sigh*          
"as i get older i've come to realize that i can close my eyes to the things that i do not want to see, but i cannot close my heart to the things that i do not want to feel    (smh #so wat should i do?)"
"don't ever give up if you still want to try \don't ever wipe your tears if you still want to cry \don't ever settle for just any answer if you really want to know why \don't ever say you don't love him if you really can't let him go "
how can you be scared of losing something that was never yours to begin with?
"at age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder whatmom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have or had the best mom in the world "
"i just want to thank everyone for the love and support that they ave shown my family and i trion rhule, babes u kno i ave nothin bt luv & respect for u, thank u sweetie sheriann johnson,kaleeme campbell, wat would i do w o u? i luv u ladies endlessly elaine brown-spence,marcia brown-heslop, daddy u keep me going even when i feel like i've reached the end of the rd  edgera,baby, i luv u  tlkin 2 u really lifted my spirits "
"why these bitchies in d game getting serious for? i was just playing when i said u look like curious <propfirst>, but i ain't mad at u lil mama cause u a skettel!"
"watching sprung, but its about to watch me inna <propfemale>      "
mi man a long distance stulla im nuh feed pon bulla!!!!!
i like it on the table    
i saw this guy acting like his swag was on full attack when he was just fubu (fat ugly black & uncomfortable) dwl! rite chenees beckford? lmao!
fair exchange is no robbery rite?
anger is one thing made better by delay!#real talk# so am just gonna let today be  
"#honestly, ur not in my thoughts     so if u call me an nuh get me, leave a message and don't stress me! read my lips: don't stress me out!"
if u trust me as your fren then trust me with ur heart           
"these srry ass niggas need to make sure when they thinking bout running d streets they ask themselves this \is this bitch worth losing wat i got at home for!#people am just saying!"""
fill in d blank: i want some ________! kaleeme campbellkayla pink-mafia streets-bonita <propfemale> brown <propfirst> one-link hotskulltanya cowantonia cherie-kirlew
what's d first thing u would say to me if u woke up beside me? kaleeme campbell <propfirst> one-link hotskull <propfemale> pink-mafia streets-bonita baldwin kijay <propfemale> brown trion rhule
"him seh mi mek him happy like pickney pon holiday, when mi tip pon mi toe an tun it backway! dat's y him cum bck again, so mi seh alrite then, ur cock to my hen  shub it in more fi knock out again cuz mi luv how d cocky jus long till it <propmale>!"
"this little boy don't seem to be going to sleep anytime soon, cause he's up watching t v , walking around d room, doing everything dat a 18mth old is not suppose to b doing a this hr     can't wait for him to get his shots 2marrow, myb dat will calm him down(even a little bit)!"
"my love has a limit           you have exceeded the limit!\#it's d writing on d wall!"
feeling good eventhough am missing u       
"i feel soooo frustrated rite now! ahhhhhh, jus feel like screaming <propfemale> head off     its times like these that i need my mom more than ever      father god give mi d strength to <propfemale> on(tears) i want my mommy!  crying  when will it b over?!"
"i could pray for u to act rite everyday, but its not up to me to make u change  life is too damn short to live unhappily, so go ahead, call me selfish cause this time around am putting myself first  so, yea am doing me!"
could i be?           hmmmmm        don't knw yet but when i do i'll let u knw           
"<propmale> is getting soooo big, i ave no idea why he's moving so fast   trying to hold his head up, sit up, everything dat a baby his age shouldnt b doing      chamar is chilling, taking everything one step at a time     "
just thinking                what r u doing?
"thank u all for d b-day wishes     it's highly appreciated    \had a wonderful day, chenees beckford thank u for dinner, it was not only appealing but ambrosial(delectable, food fit for a king: cho clatt u ave me a use big wrds, lmao), pork with bits of bacon, hmmmmm, how can that go wrong?  laugh "
killing chamar wit kisses        
"something as simple as me hearing ur name, puts me in a place that i can't even e playful lain  baby i kno am ur fren but i want to b so much more  i get butterflies when i c u coming, this feeling in my stomach tells me i should b ur woman  i wanna say i love u so bad but i don't want 2 scare u away       "
going 2 feed <propmale> his bottle so that he can stop trying to eat my face    
"yes sweetie, u r d past so get use to it cause that's where u'll always b, in d past! \just keeping it 100, dat's all "
"when u love someone no matter hw long ur apart or hw different ur lives r, u never stop thinking about them, regardless of all thats taken place or what ur friends and family may seem to think, u still hold ur ground and stand by his her side  true love never dies, u can go through hell n bck, its still gonna b there, so dn't fight it, wrk with it!"
