ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16
it's not the same 
it's hard being an adult  in fact it totally sucks!!!!
one word to everyone on facebook wow!!!
i can't wait for oct  2nd!!!!
can't wait for the new tokio hotel album 'humaniod' to come out on oct  6th!!! totally stoked!!!! woot!!!
"i want you when the sun comes up, i want to make you mine, i wanna make it count i wanna take you home, i wanna make it known, i wanna take you on i want you let me say it again, i won't say it again, don't let me say it again i want you  i want you more than a friend i'm gonna gonna make you mine!"
my hands float up above me and you whisper you love me and i begin to fade into our secret place the music makes me sway the angels singing say we are alone with you i am alone and they are too with you all around me by flyleaf
guys are like stars there are millions of them but only one will make your dreams come true   
"i really don't want to write an essay tonight, but you got to do what you got to do to get far in life "
"i never thought i'd be in love like this when i look at you my mind goes on a trip then you came in, and knocked me on my face feels like in i'm a race but i already won first place"
wow this narration essay is hard!!! and the first draft is due in about eight hours!!! what am i going to do?!
w o w i'm bored!
seeing you makes my heart go knock knock  now those butterflies won't stop stop 
fligen wir weg!
"i don’t know your name but still believe now it’s the time for you and me time for you and menow i’m here no more fears angel, don’t you cry i’ll meet you on the other side goodbye   "
is super bored!!! can't you tell by all the quizes i've taken?
needs to sit down and finish her journal entries for her interpersonal communication class and start her five <propfemale> paper on a company for her intro  to business class    oh and she also needs a powerpoint that goes along with it! yay! not!!! wish me luck    
"tonight  i'mma let it be fire  tonight  i'mma let you take me higher  tonight  baby we can get it on, yeah  we can get it on, yeah do you like it boy  i wa-wa-want  what you wa-wa-want  give it to me baby  like boom, boom, boom  what i wa-wa-want  is what you wa-wa-want  na, na-aaaah"
"i just got done watching world behind my wall by tokio hotel, and every time i watch it    there are no lie no words to describe the video    except it's beautiful  'i wanna wake up in a dream   ' ~tokio hotel, world behind my wall"
"is trying to finish her five <propfemale> paper for her strategies for success class and a research paper, which she hasn't started  playful , all done by tomorrow     wish me luck    god i hate that i'm such a procrastantor (that's probably not how you spell it, but w e)   "
yah   i'm feeling kinda sick  annoyed  not good since i gotta work tomorrow morning
got done with work 2 hours early!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! now    what to do what to do?! just dance 2?! movie watchin' or watch the season of the office huh choices choices    lol
it is 4:18 in the morning     still wide awake     this sucks   
"is kinda stressed     and sad     about money and student loans    and other things    but hey what else is new?! lol    but no matter what i'm always looking at the bigger picture    the future, let's hope i'm not just wasteing my time and money on this school     *fingers crossed*"
i karate chopped my brother    uh in my car    because i'm a ninja!!!!!      yah yah that's right you be jealous!!!! haha jk  playful 
       
"super sick of living at home!!! not to mention how much she can't stand her parents!!!! they think they know about computer, but i assure you they don't!!!!! and thanks to them my computer has problems!!!! they should've just let me purchase my computer protection when i wanted to    yah thanks alot mom and dad     "
"some people stay in your life, while others just make an appearance      "
"he makes me smile    it's not just the regular smile either     it's the radiant smile, you know the one you get when you know you've fallen head over heels in love with the boy of your *dreams* && he doesn't even realize it      "
uhhhhh      6 weeks until my b-day      yay     i guess      i'm planning on actually doing something for my birthday     which is a first ;p    meaning hopefully getting my first tattoo!!!!
"we are, we are, angels, angels don't cry  (we are, we are ) two souls collide, (we are, we are ) come into night "
getting through two more finals    and trying to make it to thurs  2 smile 0 (that's when my last class is over)     if you don't hear from me well     you all will know why    
one more final      then i'm done       thank god     can't wait for thurs  at 2 30!!!!! my weekend spring break begins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hallelujah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all i can say is wow i'm exhausted!
" love   love   love music gives us an escape from our drama filled, teenage heart ache driven lives  a change  to cactually be a part of something amazing  it gives us something to believe in  love   love   love "
" love   love   love  music gives us an escape from out drama filled, teenage heart ache driven lives  a change to actually be a part of something amazing  it gives us something to believe in  love   love   love "
"can't wait to come home!!!!! i miss my friends, my dog, and mostly my bed!!!!!! sleeping on a couch sucks!!!!!!!! coming home tomorrow      that is if anyone really cares where i'm at lol  "
is home!!!!! finally after the worst vacation of my life!!!!!!!! gonna <propfemale> out with my girls <propfemale> and hil today hopefully going to see the last song!!!! peace     
"saw the last song last night, it's a good movie though it's super sad     might go to school to get one of my books i need for class     then go see <propfemale> and ahna since <propfemale> is probably bored lol      yah maybe we'll <propfemale> out after    have a busy week work and school, plus i have a whole week to catch up on which sucks      peace     "
has tons to read for classes she missed!!!! i'm never ever missing class again!!!! even if it's a good reason!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gotta work 4 to 8 tonight and have to do an outline for speech yay me!!!! not! lol     peace    
wow microsoft office professional l is super boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i wanna fall asleep        got about an hour and 50 minutes left!!!! i hope i can make it!!!!! lol     peace  love  puppies  haha just thought i should try somethin new!!!!!!
"ok so missing a week, which i'll never and i mean never will do again, i feel overwhelmed especially in my office professional     god i can't do this     maybe i should drop out     but i don't want to     oh idk on what to do   "
is bored in her understanding computers in a changing society      wow i'm not really ever gonna use this in my career    sure to run it but not's what's inside it     god this sucks wish i was outside enjoying the weather like some people not naming names (<propfemale>) lol jk well enjoy it! lucky biatch lol jk jk lol     working tomorrow 9 to 5 gonna walk to work     um     well peace  love  mountain dew 
it's seriously fricken cold in my house!!!!!!!
i want a puppy     random i knw     but i really want one  playful 
is super bored     in office professional     it's like high school all over again ;p   
bored     god i don't want to be here (a k a understanding computer systems) who f***ing cares what's inside a computer   just saying    well g2g peace   love   music 
"wants a) another tattoo b) all a's and or b's this quarter and c) to go to a tokio hotel concert!!!!! i really want c), but for now i'm going to a tech9 concert on may 16th which will be awesome!!! can't wait!!!!"
is trying buddhism    
ok    so reading about buddhism and wow i'm likin' what i'm reading    maybe this will work    since i'm trying to find a religion    though i'm a christian or at least my parents raised me to be a christian i don't think it's right for me     i need to find my own religion    i knw this is all random    but i feel like to share it out loud   
ok just got done watching the first epsiode of the hills and w o w!!!!!! so much drama!!!!!! i would hate to be on that show    but i have to admit love the show!!!!
"in a midnight talk, in a morning kiss, when i'm in your arms that's where it is  when we're tangled up and can't resist, when we feel that rush that's where it is    "
"ok i can't wait for this night class to be over     god i hope i can just leave right over taking this test     i really don't want to be here     can't wait to go bowling tomorrow night!!!! going with my bff and sfl <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!!!! haha i'm gonng kick <propfirst>'s ass!!! haha  smile "
"ok got done with my test     of course with my luck right after handing my test in she ask us to go on break     break    not oh you can go home, thanks     this sucks    "
"i'll get down on you, get down on you, blessed kisses waiting  i'll get down on you, get down on you, foreign wishes fading  running till your arms drop, dreams it's a point of view, i'll get down down down to get up on you, i'll get down on you, get down on you  we are, we are, angels, angels don't cry  (we are, we are ) \two souls collide, (we are, we are )\come into night "
"there are 6 billion people in the world  6 f***ing people, of those there is at least one for you  maybe you'll meet them in a quaint, little coffee shop; or at a book store  no matter what, there is someone out there looking for you just like you are looking for them!!!"
" love  have you ever wanted to runaway and hide? have you ever wanted to keep driving without stopping or without knowing exactly where you'll end up? did you just ever wanted to fly away? away, from your life and never look back? i do    but the only problem is that no one can ever runaway from life or problems     so facing them is the only thing anyone can do    it can make us stronger or break us      love "
it's 3 smile 0 a m  i'm still awake     can't wait until tonight going to a tech n9ne concert!!!! with my friends hil and <propfemale>!!!! it's going to be epic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait!!!!!
i fall asleep hugging this pillow wishing it was you     love 
"a person doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need\~scrubs"
"i'm crazy about you and i want you to know that if i had the choice of hanging out with anyone in the entire world or just sitting home with you eatting a pizza, watching a crappy t v  show     i would choose you everytime   \~scrubs"
is outside enjoying the beautiful weather!!!!!!
"you can't be close enough, unless i'm feeling your heart beat  love \                                                                        ~hellogoodbye"
feels sick to her stomach
"i was born to be stubborn, to be a little bitchy, to push people, to push myself  i was taught never to take life for granted, to live a little, to love with everything i have, to never give up, to believe in myself, but most of all, to fight for myself!"
"there's no e playful iration date on finding true love   \~ letters to <propfemale>"
"if a ? fell each time i thought of you, the sky would be empty  love !"
 love   love   love  cute i$ holding hands in the car & ki$$ing at all the red light$   love   love   love 
" love  we've built this on a solid rock it feels just like it's heaven's touch together at the top like a pyramid and even when the wind is blowin we'll never fall just keep on goin \forever we will stay like a pyramid     love "
babysat my amazing niece ahna!!!!! and now i'm in my office professional class     this should be fun     not     i rather be outside  wink 
" love   love  i wanna run with the reckless emotion find out if love is the size of an ocean, even if i crash down and burn out, at least i'm gonna know what it's like to feel alive!!!!  love   love "
he watched her take off her makeup & wondered why she even put it on    
??? ??? ??? one smile from you gives me thousands of butterflies in my stomach   ??? ??? ??? ???
let's <propmale> the summer and forget the world cuz we are what we love     
"i seriously found my dream career!!!!!! music producer!!!!! it fits me, how?! well you need the following: a love for music, work well with people, good eye and hear for talent, ability to work under pressure, and most of all an understanding for music!!!!!!! this truely fits me, it's going to be hard, maybe even impossible; but you know what? nothing is impossible!!!!!!!!!"
"if i could do anything this summer which one would i do?\ a  go to germany and or ireland b  go to a tokio hotel concert c  get a new tattoo d  go to my friend's and or my aunt's lake cabin or e  all the above     huh i believe i would choose e  all the above!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"have you ever heard the phrase: 'you can't do it'? i'm sure we all have, i have, i've heard it alot and you know what i'm getting sick of it!!!!!! i'm here not only to tell myself, but all of you who had heard these words that don't and i mean don't let anyone, no one that you can't do something!!!!! if you're driven, passionate, determination you can and will achieve anything!!!!!!!"
" love   love   love  the best kind of kiss is the un-e playful ected; unplanned ones that come naturally like, in the middle of a sentence  love   love   love "
i wish dreams were like wishes and wishes came true becuase in my dreams i'm always with you  love 
take pride in how far you have come and have faith in how far you can go!!!!!!
can't wait for a  school to be over with b  this weekend i'm going to hil's lake cabin along with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and lastly c  darkside of the sun preimer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
two more dayssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't think i can wait any longer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i just might die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
one more day!!!! can't wait for friday  smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
smart listens to the head  stupid listens to the heart
"smart may have the brains, but stupid has the balls     "
you don't love someone because of beauty  you love them because they sing a song only you can understand    
"do you remember the nights \we'd stay up just laughing \smiling for hours \at anything\remember the nights \we drove around crazy in love   \\do you remember the nights \we made our way dreaming \hoping of being \someone big\we were so young then\we were too crazy in love   \~we'll be a dream we the kings feat  demi lovato"
"is pissed, bored, has been in her house for a good 2 days straight and is going insane!!! if anyone, anyone wants to <propfemale> out please call or text me    god i wish i had my car!!! otherwise i wouldn't be in this hellhole of a home   "
"boy, i need you here with me\we can't go on this way\i'm falling hard for you\that's all i can say\\we're going round and round\and we'll never gonna stop"
at drive-in with my bff sfl <propfemale> and just got done watching eclipse and is now watching the a team!!
"at drive-in with my bff sfl <propfemale>, just got done watching eclipse and is now watching the a team!!"
today i went to breakfast at 6 am     then slept until 4 smile 0      and is now waiting to get out of sioux falls for the next 3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh and is happy that her best friend is coming with!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you know who you are     
"maybe i know, somewhere\deep in my soul\that love never lasts\and we've got to find other ways\to make it alone\keep a straight face\and i've always lived like this,\keeping it comfortable distance\and up until now\i had sworn to myself that i'm\content with loneliness"
"don't live a lie, this is your one life ooh\don't live it like you won't get lost\just walk just walk\~liberty walk miley cryus"
"went to see get him to the greek, it wasn't as funny good as i thought  when i got outside to the parking lot i noticed it flooded  on my way home one street was so flooded that i had to turn into an random casino parking lot to turn around  god if i was driving my audi syder i would've slept in my car and not drive it  especially through puddles!!!  don't they know that wrecks your car majorly?!!! obviously not!!!!"
"just got done with my macoreconomics homework and is now bored, not to mention wide awake!!!!!!!! so i guess i'll chill maybe watch a movie or friends or write or watch a movie and write     what to do, what to do???"
have school to tonight 5 smile 0 to 10     exciting      working tomorrow but before i go to work at 10 i have to go to a meeting at 8 a m       awesome       can't wait      
fliegen wir weg!
"in order to be someone, you must first be yourself   "
"even after all this time the sun never says \you owe me \"" \",ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16,is hopefully switching to a different department at work     general merchanise yay!!!!! no more up front for meeeee!!!!! at least not as much     thank god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! got two out of the three assignments done for my office professional so i'm in a great mood!!!!! surprisely since i'm still in class until 10!
"is now off to get my white chocolate mocha and then off to school, then work until 6      yumm white chocolate mocha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"just got done with my psychology homework, except i still need to read the two chapters, thank god i got about 10 to 12 hours to read it, but i'll worry about that later    i'm now going to do my macroeconomics homework and just get that out of the way      maybe do some quizzes on facebook while i'm doing it    mulita tasking!!!! it's what yellows do best ;-p"
"doesn't get macroeconomics!!!!!!!!!!! heck i didn't even get economics in high school, but surprisely past with a c?! how?! i have no frickin' idea      it might help to actually read the chapter i guess    but still that doesn't help i'm a vision person so i need to see examples     and the ones in the book suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"have class at 5 smile 0 psyschology until 10     work 8 to 12 tomorrow     i get paid tomorrow, but it's not going to be a great paycheck since i didn't work for one week     so it's going to suck  sad       oh well, i guess   "
people are just plain stupid     yah that pretty much e playful lains it all!
"here's my game plan for tomorrow: working 8-12 (thank god), then doing some <propmale> cleaning and rearranging organizing my room! hopefully be able to move my desk into my room or possibly making room for a tv and dvd player with my awesome chair     but to be totally honest i rather have my desk in my room     since then i could stare at my boys while doing my homework and what not   "
ok so night was seriously the worst night i ever had!!!!!!!!!! first i seriously thought that i was going to die! why?! well because i had some serious cramping going on   making it seriously hard to sleep    second the damn thunder!!!!!!! thank god i only have to work 4 hours to work today   but yah seriously the worst night of my life!!!!! i seriously thought i was going to be sick!!!!! well anyways i survived  smile 
"alright, got off work     now making some lunch then getting busy cleaning my room and rearranging it!!!!!!! yay!!!!! not really but it really needs it     if anyone wants to <propfemale> out just txt me!!!!!!!"
just got done cleaning my room     now bored so people text me if you wanna <propfemale> out!
"isn't it a beautiful day in sioux falls, south <propfemale>!!!!!!!! oh for all you haters that are hatin' on my hometown, shut the f*** up or i'm gonna come and beat your ass!!! lol    jk i couldn't hurt a fly  playful "
"doesn't want to go to class tomorrow, but it's only one so it shouldn't be too bad     work 1 to 6 tomorrow    i think     isn't feeling too good  annoyed "
is in class     yah i love my teacher
"just got home from hanging out with <propfemale> bartels, <propfemale> sorter, and <propmale> (idk his last name) lol    and we ended up playing this really messed up video game, which i ended up dying all the time, lol    oh well i had a blast! some day though i will get my revenge!!!!!!!!!!!!! and kick <propmale> ass!!!! lol    i just need to invest in a xbox lol and some video games lol     smile "
has to go to school at 5 30     exciting     lol      instead of doing my economic homework  my psyschology homework i'm reading instead    the book: beastly!!! it's an amazing book!!!! i haven't read a book that i've liked in along time  smile 
in class     4 hour class      yay        oh well     had a <propmale> headache its been on and off idk on why    well hopefully i survive my class
i want new kicks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is at school until 11     work at 2 to 6      then probably hanging out with my bff <propfemale> olson!!!!!!!!!!! ahahha love ya, girl!!!! hahaha     easy day today yay!!!!! oh and did i mention how much i love white chocolate mochas???!!!!!!!! lol"
"question: what is true love?\answer: true love should be like---- the person should be apart of your soul and know what their feeling all the time    \~beastly by <propfirst> flinn (great book i encourage everyone to read it)!"
is pissed    don't ask
ok so just woke up      i went to bed super early last night like 8 30ish fell asleep because i was trying to read my psyschology chapter     and look what happens i fall asleep  smile  i told my mom i always do that when i'm trying to read any of my chapters for school     i know i know it's no excuse but seriously i can't help it!
"ok so if you're gonna have twins don't name them the same names like <propmale> and <propmale>, i mean who does that?! i know this is all really random, but seriously name twins different names not the same     those poor kids didn't even have a <propmale> "
"11:11 i closed my eyes and wished hard for you, but when i opened eyes i didn't see you so tomorrow night i'll wish again until one night i open my eyes and see you staring back at me "
" love   love  the way you say \i love you\""    \",ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16,because if it's not love then its the bomb that will bring us together
"got out of class early because of a test     idk if i did well, crossing my fingers      i'm now working on my office profressional homework then working at 2 to 6     exciting i know! lol!!!! ;p"
suppose to be working on my office professional homework but i end up getting distracted lol which is such a yellow trait but i'll get it done  smile 
"you can sound the alarm\you can call out your guards\you can fence in your yard\you can pull all the cards\but i wont back down\oh no i wont back down\oh no      "
"is tired, but is up working 10-2 so it's not too bad then seriously working on my damn office professional homework then class at 5 smile 0 i can't wait      really i can't    "
"doesn't want to go to class tonight, but needs to      well gonna work on my homework  annoyed "
"if nothing is going right, just close your eyes and take a deep breath; tomorrow is almost here    "
"instead of being smart, let's be stupid  \instead of crying, let's laugh out loud   \instead of hoping, let's believe   \instead of having an ending, let's have a beginning   \instead of silence, let's blast music ?\most of all let's live as if we're dying tomorrow    "
"before you met\i was a wreck\but things were kinda heavy\you brought me to life\now every february\you'll be my <propfirst>, <propfirst>\\let's go all the way tonight\no regrets, just love\we can dance until we die\you and i\we'll be young forever\~teenage dream <propfemale> <propfirst>"
"taste like candycanes at christmas     hahaha moose i love him and step up 2: the streets and step up 3-d!!!!! except they could've done a better job with the ending dance, i mean it was good, but not like holy sh**!!! like step up 2, now that is how to end a dance movie!!!!!!!! watchin' step up 2 and really wants to see the 3rd one again!!!!"
"i don't just want to e playful erience life, i want to live it! i want to embrace it! love it! what do you want to do with life?"
"going to get some starbucks then head over to the japanse gardens to do some thinking, which i haven't done in awhile lol text me if you wanna <propfemale> out!"
"is relieved i'm finally catching up in my classes!!!!!!! but i'm soooo exhausted  here's my life as of right now: school  homework  work  sleep (when i can)  and do it all over again      i cannot wait unitl sept  24th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! break time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's only a week though  sad  oh well i'm gotta somehow, idk how, but i will get the hell out of this city for a whole week!!!!!!!!!!!"
"artist relations director  management of new york, ny!!!!!! sounds awesome right? perfect job, maybe, yes, no, i'm gonna have to go with a hell ya!!! i'm perfect for the job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
stupid is fearless
"doesn't want to go to work today 8 hour shift  sad , but god do i need the money, since my mom took all of it for my damn car      not only do i have to pay her back 1300, but i also have to pay for my brakes to get fix; i swear my car is a total piece of sh**!!!!!!!!!!!! get off work at 6, then probably doing homework tonight      exciting    tomorrow work until 1 yay!!!!!!  smile "
ok so have to work until 1     not too bad    ok how could i have nice amazingly awesome dream to having a nightmare! what up with that?!
rented some movies     smile 
love is fragile  and we're not always its best caretakers  we just muddle through and do the best we can  and hope this fragile thing survives against all odds 
is so not  in the frickin mood    1  my niece hates me    2  i hate myself     yah its been and is a shitty night     that is if anyone cares     annoyed 
is heading to work      i knw shocking isnt lol i didnt even knw i could wake up this early lol its time for starbucks! im such a great going to work on my day that i dont usually work i think there should be an award in my honor lol    jklol
i just got off work yay!! now off to do my mid term quiz and homework for  my online class    then hopefully passout in my bed for a nap lol but i dont think ill get to the nap sadly  sad 
woke up at 5 smile 0 now watching teen mom  smile  my favorite mom is maci since she's actually a good mom  playful 
"can't believe some people artist are <propfemale> immature    god people make me sick!!!!!!!!!!!! it's called being an adult, ever heard of it?! i guess not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
ok so i washed my in the sink since my shower isnt working so i had a super cold hair wash! but starbucks makes up for it! gonna get my hair did haha wow i wont ever say that again lol
"got my hair done now off to get my nails done  i know shocking i'm being totally girly today, but hey you know what i need it! lol, i'm stressed, exhausted, confused, and just want to give up, but do you think i can? no i feel like i have no choice in the matter, hell i'm being forced into something i don't want to do! it doesn't matter i'm stubborn as hell this bitch isn't going to do nothin' she doesn't want to do!"
"it seems like everyone around me is moving, while i'm standing here looking from the side lines    it feels like people are going on with their lives, but what am i doing?! i don't really know    i don't think i'll ever know      someone help me understand what to do or where to go    cuz i'm lost and confused "
"shawty im<propfemale> only tell you this once, you're the illest (dat for dat dat dude)\and for your lovin' im<propfemale> die hard like <propmale> <propmale> \(bah ba dah dah oh)\you got spark, you, you got spunk\you, you got something all the girls want\you're like a <propfemale> store\and i'm a toddlor \you got me wantin' more and <propfemale> <propfemale> more of\your love, your love, your love, your love"
"gotta headache, working 4 to 9 in my new department!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!! i hope they don't call me up front, but knowing the managers they will, but only cuz they miss me     hahaha jk hahaha jk hahaha then hanging out with my girl <propfemale> thalacker!!!! we gonna watch some movies! can't wait  playful "
"just got home    work went ok, but toward the end though i thought i was going to throw up, i'm exhausted since i went to bed late the night before and had to wake up early for my class wed  thank god it's almost the end of the week    get paid friday!!!!!! now if you excuse me i'm gonna go die now    lol  "
"just woke up, which sucks  annoyed  well i guess i can get all my macroeconomics and psychology homework done     school tonight, not looking foreward to it     then working all weekend, plus monday and tuesday (which is my day off!) i know over achiver right here  seriously there should be an award for best employee!!!!! lol which is me  wink  jk jk lol, but we all know it's true  smile "
ok     so gonna babysit my adorable niece ahna    then school     god i don't want to go    but we all have to do things go to things that we don't want to do or go    
 sad 
"not feeling myself           annoyed  wish i knew why         god sometimes i just want to give up, no not like that     but idk can't e playful lain      i just idk anymore  annoyed "
working tomorrow night! ;p kinda excited then working all weekend and week e playful ect for 2 days! saturday i'm off
"just got up at 12, now gonna go get some sauce to make some pasta then doing some homework before going to work tonight  i hope i get some of my homework done  playful "
general merchanise  smile  i work nights though e playful ect weekends i work days
love getting my paychecks  smile 
"misses hanging with her friends, especially her bff     damn i hate love being busy     it's a love and hate relationship ;p but love the huge paychecks that are coming in  smile  can't wait for the end of this quarter     gonna take a whole week off from school and work and go somewhere get away from sf        smile "
"one wordbox cutter    yah thats right im offically cooler than all of you, who dont have a box cutter     sucks to be you     hahaha lol jk    no actually im not lol"
is wondering what the f*** she did wrong      and is pissed      you know who you are        
"is tired         working on homework after work       is still pissed off      wish that i could talk to someone how i really feel and not hold back, but it looks like there's no one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i just wanna run, hide it away\run because they're chasing me down\i just wanna run, throw it away\run before they're finding me out\i just wanna run\\i just wanna run\i'm out here all alone\i try to call your house\can't reach you on the phone\i'll gather up the nerve\i'm packing up my bag\it's more than you deserve\don't treat me like a drag"
"is exhausted, so much on my mind and weight on my shoulders it's seriously crazy on top of that i work like all, and i mean all the time!!!!!! need to do homework     can't wait for this quarter to be over!!!!!!! well gonna go to sleep night everyone     oh and on top of all that i've been getting serious mingranes which sucks  sad "
"is in class, dont wanna be here  sad  thinking of leaving early"
"and i remember that fight, two-thirty am\you said everything was slipping right out of our hands\i ran out, crying, and you followed me out into the street\\braced myself for the goodbye, cause that's all i've ever known\then, you took me by surprise\you said, \i'll never leave you alone \"""""
"working on homework, gonna go to the doctor tomorrow  sad  then class tomorrow night and then hopefully a sleepover with my bff in the whole world  smile "
wishing i could leave school right now     feeling better today  laugh 
working 4 to 10 today      as for tomorrow i'm going to start and hopefully finish my 5 to 7 research paper and on top of that also get my macroeconomics homework done and my supervision homework done yah it's going to be a busy weekend for me    hopefully i can get my supervision done later today
is it bad that you hate looking in the mirror and keep seeing no change what so ever?
"two more weeks until end of the quarter!!!!! thank god!!!!!! next quarter going to ease up, i can't handle it all anymore full time school and part time work, though i'm there like everyday except for like 2, maybe 3 if i'm lucky, days off  i need to take a breather, but then again i just want to graduate school sooner than later, you know?! idk what to do, if you have a imput well might as well tell me it  "
is working on her research paper for psych  class    exiciting i know  laugh 
"is almost done with her research paper!!!!!!!!!!! i know strange?! i didn't think i would get it done today, but then again sometimes my inner red comes out, which is my second color so it's not that surprising  playful  so it looks like i'll be hanging out with friends today, hopefully or maybe, just maybe i'll clean my room, who knows lol"
"<propmale> out with my bro today, went to a movie and he taught me how to shoot!!! hahaha yah that's right i know how to shoot a gun or in this case guns  from a rifle to a shot gun! lol now i have a huge bruise on my arm    it hurts like hell, but i had a blast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! got my essay done, except for the last two paragraphs lol  smile     it was a great day!!!!!!!!!!"
"working 1 to 8 today    not feeling too good      i no longer ever want to eat anything fast food or greasy it's disgusting lol     well hopefully doing something tonight, but who knows if anyone wants to <propfemale> out    "
4 hours left of work then freedom    lol if anyone wants to hangout after 8ish just txt me  smile 
"working yet again lol     no real surprise there! but i got alot done with weekend    my research paper, in one day may i remind you, my macroeconomics homework, and <propmale> out with my bro! it was a great weekend! pay day on friday!!!!!! i'm gonna hopefully buy a new ipod  now should i go with a touch or classic?! let me know what you think!!!!"
"ok, is it just me or is everyone getting married or is engaged or has will have a baby    huh i must have missed the memo!!!! well to everyone out there who is engaged and or has a baby congrats!!!!!!!! i hope someday i can get that     but since i've never had a boyfriend, it'll be alittle hard to do it by myself lol, i don't think it's in the cards for me     i always have my niece!!!!!"
"is in class, e-x-c-i-t-i-n-g lol    working tomorrow and class in the morning; three words    thank-god-for-starbucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok that's 4 words lol     probably gunna wake up at 6 am to go to the gym    i know such an ungodly hour  laugh "
"ok, so i want to do something life changing but idk what    got any ideas? let me know!"
"is way, way, way over her head is it a guy, she likes or stress over school or all the above? huh?! well i guess you all have to take a <propmale> and guess for yourselves  laugh "
"finishing up my psych  paper, class tonight, god i seriously can't wait to get this quarter over with  smile  well gonna hopefully get my ipod touch tomorrow!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!"
halloween is coming up!!!! the best part about this holiday is the scary movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bring them on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"have to start finish my macroeconomic paper, which needs to be 7 pages      plus i also need to do my assignment and blackboard by tomorrow night      probably going to and get some starbucks tomorrow, anyone wanna come with me? lol well let me know!!!!!"
is going to do her macroeconomics homework then work on her research paper later today      hopefully get it done in one day  smile 
might be having a mini heart attack cuz my chest kinda hurts     haven't had a good night's sleep in a very very long time  sad 
ok plan today: 1  get my macroeconomics done 2  take a shower 3  possibly go outside and enjoy the weather  4  get some starbucks!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"if only i can be in a place where there's no time limit; a place where i wouldn't have to deal with all the drama; a place where i can only be with you  that would be my \if only\"" """
"i really hate these following sayings: it'll happen when it happens and there's someone out there for you and lastly it's just that he hasn't found you yet     you know what i really think of these sayings?! i think they're a load of bullshit, just something to say to people just make them feel better and also make them shut up! i think who ever came up these sayings was messed up in the head!"
"tell me which ones you would like me to get, though i have my eyes set on dc rebound hi skate shoe, black multicolored; but yah just let me knw which ones you think i should get  playful "
b e s t f r i e n d s f o r l i f e= beautiful  energetic  silly  trust worthy  forever  real  insane sleepovers encouraging  number 1  dancing around like idots  staying up late talking about nothing and everything! family  out there  running around town  laughter  inside jokes fun  every moment is never the last!
you + me= the best damn love story ever created!
"omg i'm in such pain!!!!!!!!!!! my body is super sore, my throat hurts, i'm honored with a gift, and to make things worse i have to do damn homework which sucks, but thank god next week is my final week of this quarter  the only homework i'm looking foreward to is my job analysis!!!!"
counting down the days when this quarter is done!!!! 3 more days!!!!!
"whatever    done trying, fed up, if you want to talk to me you know my number    i'm done with everything    (fyi i was never like this before) what happen to that person? huh, i guess she left the building   "
"can we pretend that airplanes\in the night sky\are like shooting stars\i could really use a wish right now (wish right now, wish right now)\yeah\i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish\to go back to a place much simpler than this\cause after all the partyin' and smashin' and crashin'\and all the glitz and the glam and the fashion"
feels sick  sad  working 4 to 10 pray to god that i don't pass out or puke    on the plus side 1 more day of school not counting tomorrow  playful 
i got my car back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have my freedom again  smile  though it cost me an arm and a leg but hey it was worth it      i think  annoyed 
one more day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and counting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is going to bed and in the morning i'm getting starbucks!!!!!!! cuz i've been getting on about 5 to 6 hours of sleep yay me    no, not really well i hope the next days that i'm off i'll get my hours back  smile  can't wait until thursday!!!"
"i'm offically on fall break!!!!!!!!!!!! just got done with my last class  laugh  working 4 to 10 tonight hopefully hanging out with some people tonight  laugh  yay break!!!!! here's my plan: sleeping in, party, sleeping in, working, sleeping in, staying up late, and did i mention sleeping in?!?!?!?!"
had a fun night last night!!! went to see easy a with my all time bff <propfemale> <propfemale>! we're finally going to <propfemale> out it's been forever!!!!! i'm exhausted but thank god i can catch up on my sleep!!! yay sleep!!!
"wishes there was someone out there who i could really talk to, because i need to get a lot of things off my chest, but i can't count on anyone but me   "
"i'll get down on you, get down on you, blessed kisses raining \i'll get down on you, get down on you, don't let wishes fade in  \run into your abstract dreams \it's a point of view, i'd go down down down, to get up on you, i'll get down on you, get down on you \\(we are, we are)\angels, angels don't cry \(we are, we are )\two souls collide,\(we are, we are ) \coming tonight "
all i want is to feel your hand in my hand  love  please make my dream come true  love   love 
"so yeah i believe i'm sick, cuz my throat kills and i can't sleep    well it couldn't get any worse; on the plus side now i have a legit reason to go get starbucks  smile     plus let's not forget mom's homemade chicken noodle soup!!!!! that is if she'll make it (i'm so crossing my fingers)  laugh "
um i really want to go shopping  smile  but don't have the money for it  sad  i really want to buy new sneakers and motorcycle boots that are super hott!  smile  oh and i want an ipod touch!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
is super stoked for tomorrow and thursday night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!
should be asleep by now lol    yah should be but isn't lol    instead i'm facebook and what not lol  smile 
really wants the montorola devour  smile  it's the most kick ass phone i've ever seen  laugh 
"so not looking forward going to school monday, especially since it's accounting first thing in the morning  annoyed  oh well gives me something to do, i guess    well i hope it would be too bad (crossing my fingers)"
let's see i had the most amazing nap ever lol    but it kinda sucks since it'll be hard for me to go to bed and i have a morning class which won't be <propfemale> bad if it wasn't 8 o'clock!
at school    wish i could die  smile 
let's see i want to do the following things: 1  to be on stage with my favorite band of all time tokio hotel and also meet them! 2  drive own an audi r8 v10 spyder 3  go to africa 4  go to ireland and germany 4  maybe spend a year or so in tokyo (wait spend half a year in tokyo then the last half in germany)  5  go to <propfemale> 6  go rock climbing and lastly go wild water rafting! who's with me?!!!!
"want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world like i'm the only one that you'll ever love like i'm the only one who knows your heart only one     \\want you to take me like a thief in the night hold me like a pillow, make me feel right baby i'll tell you all my secrets that i'm keepin', you can come inside \and when you enter, you ain't leavin', be my prisoner for the night, oh"
"is in accounting, god kill me now!!!!!!!! gotta work tonight, after class going to go home and sleep  laugh  but seriously help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ok so accounting wasn't that bad  heck it might even be easy all you have to do is add and subtract stuff  laugh  which i like the easier the math is the less i hate it! now as for my other math class well that my friends is a totally different story!  laugh  i want a new job so i might apply at either best buy, home federal bank or target or all three  any one know who's hiring?"
hates it when plans were made to <propfemale> out with someone but they (the plans) never ever ever follow through >s
at work till 1 then gonna <propfemale> out with one of her bffs <propfemale> bartels!! yay!!
i know a place we'll be together and stay this young forever    let me take you there!!
"asap i'm getting outta of boring old south <propfemale> and moving to cali!!!!!!!!!! where theres: sun shine, ocean views, warm weather (unlike here), always moving, and let's not for get beaches!!!!!! lol gotta love beaches  laugh  yah now that is a place where i wanna live  laugh  someday in the near future  laugh "
"you've got enemies? good  that means you actually stood up for something in your life!\~eminem"
im either going to do the following things: 1  pass out 2  throw up 3  both im gonna have to go with both for 200    god this has been the longest day shift of my life!!!
omg i'm soooo tired  annoyed  and let's just say i woke up to having a little surprise waiting for me i hate being a girl at least during this little surprises lol
"ok i came to the realization that i, <propfemale> braden, need to want to change a few things in my life    like growing up lol    it's time to stop messing around and start getting serious about school and if i don't act quickly well there's going to be a serious problem   "
working on accounting  sad  working at 3 to 9  smile 
you're the dream and i am the dreamer!!!
on break    time is flying! get off 4 yay!! then gotta go home a pack for mon  and tues 
ok so im tired    yah in st  cloud for collegiate deca! woohoo! lol jk no seriously im gotta fall asleep!
in my hotel room which btw is super super nice! well gotta early start tomorrow!! coming back tomorrow fyi   
"okk so i can't sleep, which isn't at all a huge surprise! well this sucks cuz i gotta get up at 7 someone please please put me out of my misery (idk if i spelled that right lol)"
ok so im super cold!!!!!
"back in sioux falls!!! i'm kinda, no that's an under statement, i'm downright pissed! i got email from my school saying that i didn't notify my teachers that i was going to be gone this monday and tuesday even though i did!!! plus it was for a school event thingy wtf?! whatever i'll talk to them tomorrow oh btw i have to go in extra early to get my quiz done before 8:20 tomorrow morning! wish me luck!!!!"
"our greatest <propfemale> is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall \~confucius"
"going to go see paranormal activity 2 with <propfemale> bartels, <propfirst> crespin, and <propfirst> knutson!!! so stoked!!!! (wish <propfemale> <propfemale> could come, but    don't really need to say more) well i'm sooo stoked  playful "
"paranormal activity 2 was the sh** i want need to see it again, cuz i kinda miss some of it since i covered my eyes lol but man that movie was intense!!!! lol k, well gonna do my accounting homework, yay    not!!!! lol"
"question where should i get a piercing? eyebrow, lip or <propmale>? or none at all?"
feels sick  annoyed 
"\consider the past and you will know the present\"" \",ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16,"omg i'm <propfemale> stoked to go see paranormal activity 2 again, but this time with my all time bff & sfl <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i also can't wait for <propmale> potter nov  18th!!!!!!  laugh "
ok sooo i'm like the cutest alien you ever seen!!! lol hanging out with my bff <propfemale> bartels watching walking dead lol hope everyone had a great halloween  laugh 
"had the worst night ever!!!!!!! slept horribly, had the worst dream ever!!!! but i think it had something to do with <propfemale>, cuz i was kinda of a biatch last night (i won't go into the details) but let's just say i'm a horrible friend  sad  <propfemale>, my friends, is a bitch   "
is fed up with people (you know who you are)
"in class watching crash, wanna cry really really really badly but since i'm in class i can't so i have to save it for the ride home    i wish that people wouldn't do the things they do to other people who come from different countries    we were all immagrants at one point and time     well wish me luck that i won't cry (well if i do at least the lights would be off)"
ok <propfemale> i don't think i can do this anymore (aka school)    i knw i'm almost done (graduating june 24th 2011) i can't do this and i feel so alone  annoyed  well only less than a year thank god!!!!
just got called from xtreme fitness saying that i won a 2 year free membership to their gym there's only 2 problems with this 1  i'm already a member to fitness 19 and 2  before the lady even could finish what she was saying my phone dies lol   oh well  not my fault  playful 
my bed + me = happiness!!!!!!!! not to mention warmth!!!
really pissed off and not in the mood to go to work    god i wish i could just stay in my bed forever and not deal with retarded people    god i'm <propfemale> not in the mood!!!!!! today is not a good day to f*** with me!!!!!! >s
i need a new phone!!!!!!!!!!!! i want my devour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait until december for my up grade!!!!!!!!!!!!!! going to a movie or rent movies and have a sleep over with my bff <propfemale> <propfemale>
is extremely tired!!!!!! math class sucks i have no clue what's going on in that class!!!!!!!!!! it sucks ass i want to cry i feel soooooooooo stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so    i uh broke my phone  playful  and well it still turns on and what not but uh the screen is black and nothing shows up sooo if texted me and i didn't reply back well that's why! cuz obviously i can't read my texts or answer them back    i need an upgrade asap!!! so if you want to contact me use facebook  smile  which sucks! but the only way    so srry to anyone who texted me and i didn't reply  i want my devour!!!!!
<propfirst> johns + red box movies = the perfect day!!!!!  laugh 
omg omg omg ooooooooommmmmmmgggggggg omg omg omg omg omg the <propfemale> (european music awards) is tonight!!!! 9 o'clock can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!! tokio hotel is soooo going to win the best world stage performance award!!!!! omg omg omg i'm soooo stoked for tonight!!!!!! everyone should watch the <propfemale>s tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!
"congratulations to tokio hotel for winning the best world stage performance 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot!!!! i knew they would win!!! they deserve it!!!! yay!!!! congrats boys!!!!!!!!  glückwünsche <propmale>, <propmale>, georg, und gustav für gewinnt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"just got done watching world of jenks and this episode was amazing as usual  about a u k artist trying to make it in <propfemale> and on her terms aka being staying true to herself which is i think frickin' amazing! i want to find artists like her, that stay true not only in their music but also themselves! i get inspired by artists like her so if you're a musician and want to be known let me know i would love to meet you"
"omg i love <propmale> and <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! from degrassi!!!! they're super cute together!!!!!  laugh  oh and i finally got a cell phone, a working one  laugh  not the one i want    from my aunt, but hey i can wait until december for my upgrade  laugh  which i am going to get the devour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  yay me!!!!!!!!!! hahah jk hahah"
"each time i see you, i stop breathing for a second  love "
" love  i hate you, and then i love you  it's like i want to throw you off a <propmale>, then rush to the bottom to catch you  love "
"ok so work totally sucked today, i'm sooo fricken tired that i litterally want to pass out and never ever wake up     i would love that, plus it's not like anyone would really notice or even miss me for that matter;"
"is simply lost and confused    idk what to do anymore i need help, but i have no clue who to ask ' annoyed "
"my  love  stops each time you look at me\just one touch\now baby i believe this is real\so take a <propmale> and don't ever look back\don't ever look back"
"fml! i hate this, god everything is going to shit; well instead of taking a break from school it looks like i'll be going next quarter but only have 3 classes, cuz if i don't go back i'll have to change my <propmale> when i do go back, which fts (aka fuck that shit) i am going to get through this, no matter what! but i want this no so bad that i will not let anyone, and i mean anyone, stand in my way so take that bitches!"
"ok so i'm pretty sure my bff hates my guts, which she should since i was acting like a total bitch, yah this day totally sucks; i wish i could take it all back and that i didn't open my damn mouth it always getting me into trouble! well i hope she doesn't hate me, cuz i would seriously die if she did    oh btw <propmale> potter opens 2nite!!!!!!!!!! it looks amazing!!! i cannot believe it's pretty much over!!! sad day  sad "
"i'm soooo fucking done with people!!!!!! all they do is lie, back stab, push you around, and did i mention lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yah i'm sooo done being the optimist, bright side, everything is ok person     i'm just plain done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! people down right suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"question what the fuck did i ever do to deserve this?!!!!! i would really like to know an answer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's one thing to lie to me, but to be mad at me that my friend is fucked up!!!!!! i should be the one who's fucking pissed off not you, but now    you have no idea!!!!! w e it's fine i don't need this when you're ready to talk i might talk but then again i probably won't, not this time!!!"
"omg i just got home from <propmale> poter! and may i say it was brilliant (though i am very disappointed that they didn't put in the funeral of dumbledore) so not cool!  i totally teared up when doby died though, that stupid bellatrix  killed him, also not cool! well i'm glad hermione and <propmale> were getting closer  smile  now all they have to do is have a full out makeout section!  laugh "
doing accounting homework then work at 3 to 10 what an exciting day! lol not really but at least i'll hopefully be caught up in accounting! i'm crossing my fingers!!
"you know the feeling you get when one minute you had a great day and had all your friends then in next it's get taken away just by a blink in the eye; and you're left with nothing  if you don't feel is way you're lucky  i can't believe how one year could change <propfemale> much, usually i like change, but this change isn't what i was hoping for  annoyed  can it be a new year already?!"
"woke up this morning to take my friend home, when we were walking outside it was icy and when i saw my car i notice that it was all frosted over    ah the first signs of winter approaching! isn't it swell?!"
"can't not believe that thanksgiving is 2 days away (not counting tomorrow since it's almost here anyways) and christmas is around the corner, i haven't even begun my christmas shopping, though i know what im getting my rents, brother, his gf, and my adorable niece ahna!! lol now i just need to figure out what i need to get my close friends  hmmm, let me see what to give them?! any suggests (girls i'm talkin to you)"
"can i just say i give up that you win, that if you don't want to be friends fine  god i hate this year i lost a dear close friend and i seriously don't knw what i did to make you this mad at me, whatever it is it better be a good reason to not want to talk to me  i'm officially done trying and that i'm done with you looks like i'm working on this germany project by myself  crying  i really need a hug right now"
"maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed so you can open one that leads you to the perfect road like a lightning bolt, your heart will blow and when it's time, you'll know"
"though thanksgiving is tomorrow i figure i should tell everyone what i'm thankful for this year: 1) my niece ahna (she's the most amazing little girl and i'm <propfemale> glad to have her in my life) 2) my family (though sometimes it's still questionable that i'm adopted  smile ) 3) my bffs and my dear friends (<propfemale> bartels,and <propfemale> <propfemale>) 3) tokio hotel and lastly peace,  love  , ? ? ?!!!!"
working on accounting homework blah lol  working 8 to 4 then going to the parade of lights tomorrow night with <propfemale> bartels and <propfemale> meier!!!! i'm excited for tomorrow night lol
"note to self: make the end of 2010 out with a bang!!!! oh and kid, make next year the best damn year ever! who's with me?!"
"ok you people who went black friday shopping is seriously crazy    haha jk i'm just super jealous i didn't get to, so next year i'm taking work off and going to stand in line at the most busiest place and camping out just for shit and giggles!! haha just so that i can say i went black friday shopping and lived to tell my epic tale!! yah that's right i'm just that cool, be jealous (jk lol)!!"
omg grown ups is the funniest movie ever!!!!!! had the but time with my bff <propfemale> bartels and had a great time at dinner with my favorite cousin <propfemale> and her bf!!!! what a great night!!!!
so not looking forward to winter  annoyed  it's going to be bad this year!
at school yippie well at least it wasn't as cold as i thought it would be  smile 
"dear <propfemale>, \for christmas this year i would like a new ipod (a touch screen 64 gb), a new phone (devour or lathom), tickets to a tokio hotel concert (let's not forget meet and greet  smile ), plane tickets to some place super warm like jamica or even the caribbean, and lastly world peace or at least stop animal child abuse "
it's super duper cold in my house; you would think my rents would of heard of a heater lol; i guess not since it's so cold in my house!!!!!! i'm <propfemale> not looking forward to going to class today  sad  thank god it ends at 5:45  smile 
note to self i'm moving some where its warm and <propfemale> all the time  laugh 
"everyone has secrets, no one ever really knows anyone   "
"i never told anyone this but other than becoming a music producer i've always wanted to become a writer; i know it's the most random thing ever but idk i guess i wanted to tell it to someone, anyone so why not by facebook?!  smile "
did i mention i hate cold weather? haha well i guess that's what boyfriends are for to keep you warm lol too bad i don't have one haha; that's ok i love being single  smile  for 90% of the time lol    working tomorrow yippie haha not!!
isnt feeling good which sucks cuz im at work  annoyed  its probably from lack of sleep   
off work!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now gonna watch a movie while doing my homework woot!!!!! lol jk  
"christmas is in 2 weeks!!!!! finals in 2 weeks, omg this is going to be stressful lol"
"love is a game for everyone\but this is you and mewe had a thousend lifes in one\we had hurricanes and suns hey, don't you know\we just begun \come pain, come hurt\see the halo, hey hey halo come pain, come hurt\see the halo, hey hey halo hey hey hey, hey hey hey \~hurricanes & suns (a new tokio hotel song)"
ok so i work tomorrow  sad  8 to 4 i think i'm gonna die lol hahah jk then gonna <propfemale> out with my bff's <propfemale> bartels and <propfemale> sorter  smile  yay!!!! cant wait until i get off work cuz after im gonna partttay haha  smile 
"i seriously hate winter and the cold, you would think i would be use to this since i've practically lived here my whole life; but every year it gets worse and worse, and not mention longer and longer  annoyed  fml!!!! haha jk haha but seriously i'm so moving to somewhere warm asap!!!!"
"i should really stop procrastinating because it doesn't do any good    i'm trying to finish my germany poster by 6 tonight, thank god my class is at 6  laugh  but i seriously need to stop doing this!!!!!!!! but it's soooo hard!!!!!!!"
"\all that we are is the result of what we have thought  the mind is everything  what we think we become \"" inspirational zen quote by buddha"""
"omg i know who \a\"" is     i love pretty little liars!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"the one thing i want for christmas is my other bff back but i don't think that'll happen  sad  thank god i have <propfemale> bartels!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! on a happier note i just got done watching tangled, and omg great movie!!!!!!!!!!!!! absolutely adorable  cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! definitely 5 ?'s!!!!!!!!!!!!"
all i have to say is i'm done    end of story
"\when do they turn into vampires?\"" \",ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16,wants it to be chritmas!!! which it will be soon! yay!! can't wait!!!
excited for two reasons: 1  going to <propfemale> out with my bestie  <propfemale> bartels!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2  i'll be done with my first class tomorrow night yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only three more to go after that  annoyed ; idk if i'll survive to make it to my other classes though  annoyed 
i'm so confused right now     i need some guidence!!!!!
"working until 7 then going to <propfemale> out with hil!!!!!!! yay!!!!! for the next 3 days (not including christmas) i'll be working and next week i'll probably be working all week too; i'm sooo stoked for my paycheck next week, it's going to be huge  smile "
finally done with school  smile  yay!!!!
i've finally made a desion (i cant spell today lol) wanna knw what it is just text me!
just wanted to be the first one to wish everyone a <propfemale> christmas happy holiday!!!!!!! i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow!!!!!!!! i also want to thank my very dear and close friends: <propfemale> sorter and <propfemale> meier for always being there for me  smile  and i also want to thank my 3rd grade and still today bff <propfemale> bartels!!!!!!! thank you girls for always being there for me  smile  love you tons!!!!  laugh 
"with christmas done, now it's the new years coming up!!!! woot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank god i took that off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
omg cant wait to get off work!! after gunna <propfemale> out with  hil and hopefully d too! cant wait!
can't wait for new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"working until 4, yippie    not lol    can't wait until friday!!!!!!!!!! payday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
omg my life as <propfemale> is coming back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! in feb  yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its going to be a long day    fyi i hate being a girl! u guys got it easy!!
seriously put me out of my frickin' misery!!!
"you know what i really hate?! people who assume that they know me and know what i'm all about  people think that they know me well i hate to break the news but you don't and don't you ever dare think that you do know me! cuz no one does! and i mean no one knws me they think they do, so seriously don't think that you knw me, knw what i'm thinking; cuz 100% of the time you're wrong and will always be wrong!"
"can you believe it?! another year gone! so much has change this year from loosing my best friend to  i'm not really going to finish that  but what i'm trying to say is from having an bad ending there's always a good beginning and that's what next year will be, a good, no great, new beginning  a new year, a new me; i hope every one has a great new years!! be safe and don't party too hard!"
to find real strength we must look in ourselves    yah i totally came up with that on my own  laugh 
"ok, so started off my morning with my mom yelling at me, spilling my mother's coffee, and now i'm redoing my room, it's time for a change lol  smile  mix it up alittle  smile     i love changes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
can't wait for summer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's going to be a blast not to mention warm weather!  laugh 
"what's on my mind?! uuh <propfemale> concert, road trip, summer, warm weather, and my b-day coming up in 2 months! woot!"
"my legs hurt, but in a good way  smile  i really can't wait for summer!!!!! it's going to rock!!!!"
i need a new job lol i need more money badly  playful  i can't wait for march!!! cuz i'm going to the <propfemale> concert in sioux city road trip!!!!!! yay!!!!
thinking back to last year and how much everything changed i vow to make this year better and i will damned if it doesn't happen   if only you all knew what i'm talking about lol
"'cause i'm just thinking about us\i've been living in a dream about you\and now i know you were all i ever wanted on my mind\and if i never see\my own reality\well, i'm okay to leave it all behind\~living a dream: finger eleven"
"i can't not believe <propfirst>  is almost over, and feb  is coming super close and then    it'll be march yay!!!! <propfemale> concert!!!! i'm sooo totally stoked that i'm going to the concert and getting out of sufu for a couple days  smile  yay!!!!! it's much needed especially from having a shitty end to last year sooo stoked  laugh  if you haven't noticed lately  smile "
i found out what's wrong with my laptop i need a new battery  sad  thank god for warranties  smile  (idk if i spelled that right) lol
"\never mind searching for who you are  search for the person you aspire to be \"" \",ade12a8b3c89ded548a4a6b18a4c9b16,my life as <propfemale> starts feb  8th    two weeks from now yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg today is gorgous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! awesome weather!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!! after lunch i'm going on a very long walk!!!!!
"had a pretty good day got 7 books and the 1, 2, and 3rd seasons of the hills for 1 2 price at last stop so im feeling accomplished today  laugh "
i played call of duty while my niece was still asleep    i made it through round 2 and killed 6 zombies and thats only because i ran out of anmo  sad  but still i'm pretty proud of that  smile  but afterwards i kept getting killed damn zombies lol i need to figure out where they hid the anmo lol
"i'm really sick of sioux falls, i feel the need to move out of here and start fresh and get away from people that know me or in my case think they know me    fyi not in a good mood so don't mess with me!!!!"
waiting for forever  love  can't wait for this movie to come out
i wonder if i passed out at work right now if i could go home?? huh something to think about  indecision  btw people in this city state cant drive in snow its rideculous!!
feeling kinda blue  sad 
question since when did my life turn into 'the hills' espiode?! no make that into a season!!!! this past week and weekend has been nothing but drama drama drama    but thank god it's over and thank god i'm done with ________!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you fill in the blank fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait to get the hell out of here in march!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just got done watching my life as <propfemale> and o-m-g bryson seriously surprises me lol but i'm soooo glad that he was in ny to see <propfemale>!!!!!  laugh  and can't wait for the next espiode!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot!!!!!!!!!!!! i think bryson and <propfemale> are the cutest couple ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait until spring!!! my favorite season!!
"watch beiber, which is in 3d, woot with my bestie <propfemale>! who yelled shit a pickle!! yah that right she actually said that! it was hilarous!"
"fall in love or fall in hate  get in inspired or be depressed \ace a test or flunk a class  make babies or make art \speak the truth or lie and cheat  dance on tables or sit in the corner \life is divine chaos  embrace it  forgive yourself  breathe  and enjoy the ride   "
"you're gonna take my hand\whisper the sweetest words\and if you're ever sad\i'll make you laugh\i'll <propmale> the hurt\\my heart is set on you\i don't want no one else\and if you don't want me\i guess i'll be all by myself\\give into me from country strong  love  this song!!"
can't wait to go to sioux city and go to the <propfemale> concert! woot!
this week is going <propfemale> frickin' slow i think i'm seriously going to die from boredom not to mention before i can even go to the <propfemale> concert; which i'm super stoked to go to  smile  it's going to be the best night i ever had in a long long time; bye bye sioux falls and hello sioux city!!!!!  laugh 
one more day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn it my facebook is acting up grrr   
you know who made my day? my niece ahna cuz today at work i saw my niece and bro and my niece yells <propfemale>!! all happy; let me just say that totally made my day  laugh ! i love you ahna!!!
just got back from a <propfemale> concert!  smile  it was amazing i loved it!!!! so much fun!!!! now i need to catch up on some sleep lol    oh and get my ears catched out lol i was seriously deaf after the concert it was insane lol
"just got done uploading my photos from the <propfemale> concert  playful , not feeling all that great; so i'm going to go back to bed  smile "
"ok so i can't go back to sleep, so i'm looking for new shoes!!! i'll be making a visit to shoe carnival later today, any one wanna come? too bad i have to wait until this friday to get new tennis shoes  sad  but it happens"
i'm <propfemale> tired lol    watching my niece  smile 
a very random interesting thing happened to me today at work some random group of guys came up to me and ask for my number all for a savager hunt    it was weird but it made me laugh  laugh 
"just got done watching you again, which is a hilarious movie!!! i  love  it!!! and let me just say that no matter who you are, where you live either in japan or ireland every girl has a friend-enemy    and no matter how hard we try us girls can't ever really forget or forgive that girl, who did us wrong    who ever said being a girl would be easy?! oh yeah, that's right no one!!!"
payday tomorrow!!!
went on a amazing walk today on the bike trails though it kinda sucked towards the end since it got super <propfemale> lol but i'm lovin' the nice weather and i'm hoping that it'll keep being beautiful! going to go see red riding hood tonight with <propfemale> bartels and <propfemale> hiller! it'll be a fun night can't wait  btw anyone else want to come just txt me won't being going until late tonight
"red riding hood was a great movie, i love <propfemale> fernandez aka <propfirst>  playful  totally gorgeous!!! i never thought a movie could surprise me <propfemale> much lol; but definitely a 5 ? movie!!! so going to go see it again  smile "
one word: summer  
enjoying the beautiful weather!!
"like it's the end of time, \like everything inside, \let it live and die  \\this is our last <propmale>, \give me your hands  \'cause our world is spinning at the speed of light  \the night is fading, heart is racing  \now just come and love me like we're gonna die "
"ok i want summer right now!!!! i want to go swimming, tubbing, have bon fires, but most of all go tubbing  smile  i miss it <propfemale>o much!!!!! i'm going to be <propfemale> busy this summer it's going to be awesome!!!!!!!!!!! woot woot!!!"
have tons of things on my mind!!! idk what to do!!! <propfemale> much to think about god growing up majorly sucks  annoyed 
i'm so taking a nap when i get off work then looking for a new job well a second job woo hoo! lol
"k work up from a nap lol it was a good nap lol but gotta work in the morning tomorrow  sad  but i at least i get off at 2 thank god, then going to get some appliciations for some new jobs woot woot!!!"
can't wait to get off work!
fml work sucks only an hour has past i think im going to die literally; its going to be a long 6 hours  annoyed 
"sometimes the best way to get through sh** is just shut your eyes and pray for tomorrow to come and if you can't wait until then crank up the tunes and let the music take you away, far far away ????"
i'm sooo stoked!!!!!! idk for what but i'm sooo stoked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"what is up with this snow, haven't we had enough?! obviously not!!! well at least it's not much but still can't the snow go away and stay away? no, it can't not while i'm still living here in south <propfemale>   "
"i'm done hoping that we can work it out \i'm done with how it feels \spinning my wheels \and letting you drag my heart around \and i'm done thinking you could ever change \i know my heart will never be the same \but i'm telling myself i'll be okay \even on my weakest days \i get a little bit stronger \i get a little bit stronger \- a little bit stronger ~ leighton meester"
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!! you all made my day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  i can't believe that i'm 20 years old, well not until 3 smile 0!!!!"
"ok so i had seriously the best day ever!!!! even when i was at work!!!! i was laughing so hard and i had <propfemale> much fun; which hasn't happen in a very very long time, at least not at work  smile "
"who says you’re not perfect\who says you’re not worth it\who says you’re the only one that’s hurting\trust me\that’s the price of beauty\who says you’re not pretty\who says you’re not beautiful\who says"
so exicted that's it's finally beautiful outside hopefully this time it'll stay  smile 
