c24bcab66d937c7e09e66f2e3e06da5d
had a pretty awesome day     bout to go <propfemale> with more awesomness     tooodles    
boss man said not till eleven     so i wait    
how does mercy feel bitches!!!! 21-9    thats game folks
would like just one thing to go right today     
phones shut off    
goin to the lake     wooot!
my brosins are fuckin crazy     lol
"sometimes in life you go threw some really shitty patches,and makes you want to quit      and then something great happens and encourages you to move forward     i love it when that happens   "
i just need one more thing and we are <propfemale>       _*~blissful~*_
life is life and that is all it is
"correction    (lol) life is life, weather it good or bad its still life and we are all here to get threw  negitively or positively is the challenge can you hold up?   "
well off to work  went tanning with the little sis    a little burnt  lol o well  one more thing to roll with   laugh 
im outta milk      found out the hard way you cant pan fry frozen pan cakes    lol    
drivin to durand to rescue my lil sis n find her cats    bring her back to her hell pretty much    luv ya sis lol  wink 
got a new phone   long deserved   now i just gotta fix my car  annoyed 
so i finally did it  i quit my 20 year old bad habbit! i quit bitin my nails!!! woot woot this is like day 9 er somthin     yeah <propmale>
so here i go to swipe a credit card   the name pops up and i noticed the lady and i had the same last name    the weird person i am celebrated by giving her a high 5   then a man at front counter over hears and says his is the same as well     oh what a day      wink  lmao
im starting a new job at a diner in farmington thats about to open    go me! go me! go me!
t shirt + paint + work with bestie + training a newbie to be an ace = one hell of a great day!  wink 
i like it next to the bed     wink 
"so much to say no time or space to write it all    just tryin to take little bites when i have to  i cant stand girly drama, just throwin that out there   my life has been bent outa shape the passed year with family n what not    just dont be a hater if i threw you on the back burner    i still love you all    wink  accept it or dont "
my day just got a lot brighter    smile 
*goofy modified mc hammer dancin* my birthday is sunday! thats in three days    wicki wicki!!!
another walk to work that i dont mind    smile 
its funny what people will settle for when they can't have you     lmao   
i love me! ha ha!
my finger hurts!     but its my own dumb fault     but still    owie!
"work, pay phone <propmale> and rent, after i exchange my quarters at the bank     herd some shit that i didnt like, bitch is bout to get confronted      why do i always find the white trash back stabber bitches   lmao o well shell get hersss"
o what a day it has been!
fun stuffs over   bfs 21 tomarrow    preparty today?    hmmm lol
"my family would rather kill themselves than to own up and cooperate and have good healthy relationship    what ever happened to give and take?   ima survivor, if im the last one standing, then so be it,  im not afraid  im not guna give up, and im sure as hell not guna let  anyone make me feel like  they win   im stronger than that"
boom she got your boyfriend! she got your man! so dont be a hater when he would rather eat her cookies      its probly cuz hers got more sugar      wink  love ya favorite!?!  wink 
halsteds family diner now hiring dishwashers hostesses and waitstaff! under new management! hard workers only!  wink  (;
"solid headache for the second day in a row    thinkin its cuz ima stress ball, what else is new?? comps a peice a junk, house is a mess backed up on laundry    i just feel like goin to sleep  but cant     ugggh! end it now!!"
slept bad on my eye now its weird     everythings as if im looking threw my (legally) blind eye    wish it would hurry up n work right this is dumb! lol
"some people need to realize, you seem more powerful when you have the power and dont use it, than you do when you abuse it!!!"
another absess in a place you never want it    :?  i just pray i dont have to go to the hospital for another surgery    pray for me guys   update in the morning   
i hate hospitals   
no surgery this time folks   ha take that you stupid lumps! new profile pic with no contrast boosters    lol hope today is better than yesterday    luv yall!
bout to go to work    not the thing that puts me <propfemale> good mood    but today im hangin by a string   
first smooth day of the week     yay
"if you fart in a hefty bag,    will it stink? lmao    cuz i need to do something     ha ha ha ha"
man today is already shitty  just like most days   
yay my boyfriend is not a turd after all    !!! yay pink umbrella! i love you baby!  
dads left-over skedyn meatballs and pandora    peace of mind     smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> woot woot
idcc if it makes me a sissy    walkin in the rain sucks donkey balls
yay i walked out in the rain and didnt melt    musta had an angel on my shoulder     laugh 
think im gettin sick     feel like i have a fever    headache and muscle ache    uhggg work    
so the days wasnt a complete disaster    working at a fast pace job is hard enough without the throbbing headache and all over muscle aches  
i feel better    my nose hurts tho    lol better than yesterday still   i gots tomarrow off!!! yay sleep! yay benidryl
i love when people assume they know whats going on and tell you instead of ask you     some people need to learn better people skills   
so the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals    i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment   repost if you feel the same!
well i think im on the band wagon of ppl that are late to work    <propfirst> too    lol yay   not 
dte is a bunch of hoes    and the company my apmnts <propmale> threw are idgets    double charging mofos    i just hope it all works out   
new learned life lesson     never throw out already paid bills!!!!
omg might get into the 50s today woo hoo
i hate being rushed     i forgot my drink   o well itll be there tomarrow i guess   lol
same tree differnt day    lmao
i out smarted the tree today    i wore my favorite green sweater      it was confused     smile 
just got home     some people need to learn that tipping is not a city in <propfemale>     and should learn her to do it    just sayin    laugh 
"<propfemale> e playful ected day off   bfs mad cuz he needs work done to his car and i have a whole day to do it but we didnt plan to do it,     i just dont <propfemale>derstand why its always taken out on me    "
i love it     i walk into work on my day off and its hell! lmao i love the feeling of being needed    ahhh   warm fuzzie feeling    smile 
"i think sunlight should be tested for extasy, cuz it seems like everyone loves everything more when the sun comes out      just sayin    love   smile   love "
my new picture looks alot cooler when you look at it up close    i loves my <propfemale>!
i wish it was less muddy but ill take muddy over icey anyday!
fearless love 
anyone rememeber those denim jumpsuits from like middle school? and where the hell they sell them?!    please help
"charmed, stinky dog breath in my face ahhh    another morning with rain on my window    "
i rememeber when she worked two jobs and came home at 1030 to make dinner     now shes waiting for her power chair to be delivered     this just gets harder and harder to deal with       crying 
i think today is going to be a beautiful day    i just hope my attitude matches    lol felt kinda bitchy yesterday      just sayin   love *~knocking on wood~* love 
off n walkin to work    i have a love hate relationship with frost   annoyed 
"i hate shitty tippers and , if you leave a tip for a waitress on credit   make sure you add the tip in the total or your waitress will hunt you down and kill your dumb ass!!!"
time to start laundry and clean house  pandora is my bestest friend    aside from ashwee and favorite   woo!
 love *peaces* love 
extra crunchy peanut butter love  welches strawberry preserves love  sofe white bread  love  topicana 100% apple juice love  and pawn stars on dvr    how could it get any better?  love 
a new beautiful day  
yay its 40's today! (i hope) i  love 's the sun
i just had one of the hottest cinnibuns in my shower      hes lucky i have a man equally as hot     just wish he didnt catch me checkin him out! o well im about to use my shower   mmm high pressure!         
wish i had a job that actually paid me     
things are looking up for me for once     i have an oppertunity to make a lot more money    maybe even a career!!! *go me*
"watched my american idol, getting dolled up, and off to work  and, im going to start my day in a positive way by confident in mind body and soul  anyone who wants to break me down by digging at my small improfections will just be checked off   "
getting ready for the rest of a great day! love   smile   love 
well guys    i did it  i got the job   smile  i love my life right now  no worries    except my messy house!!! im the happiest i have ever been    after that im speechless  wink   love 
aaliyah- try again     taking me back    smile 
shopping for new job clothes tomarrow   yay!  love   smile 
got myself a 9-5 and couldnt feel better    its about time i did something for myself  lets see if today is as *intresting* as yesterday lmao!
i need a fricken i pod cord to get all this death retard rap off my ipod      never lettin a guy take over my music stash ever again! lmao
seriously done trying to find businesses in the ghetto! and the ghetto ass hoes!
east side walkin out    word!
the wind and clouds are enough    i dont need rain on top of it    specially cuz i dont have a car to sheild me from it      sad  thought i had a good job but i guess not    im <propfemale> bumbed    i thought it was guna be better than this   
omg shawns been going to bed early every night cuz some ding bat tried to hack into the playstation network    so the system has been down for like 5 days    lmfao    no more online gaming for now    i love it   its like stickin it to the man without me actually sticking it to him    the game felt bad for me   ha ha ha   i love my perception on shit sometimes  
lets pretend its not guna suck walking in the rain today     o boy    here goes nuthin   haha  
good job its about damn time amaerica! eff you osama!!
"although i do not enjoy my job or being away from my wonderfully awesome sexy ass bf, and my sweet little noodle   heart-broken  i am enjoying the beautiful <propfemale> weather here in cadillac   probly gunna have my first pink face of the year    smile "
"feels sooo good to be back with my mini family    lmao   getting promoted monday   i need a team name    any suggestions    (other team names in the office    imagine, supremicy, godzilla, motivize, sweet, missile) i was guna use hustle   but i think i could have a better one    sharing is caring  \  love  !-)  love "
mista luva luva!     i hope the thunder booms today    wink  lol
"in the market for a job agian     any ideas     also on the look out for a carpet cleaner      \mmm chinese food     lmao random  love "
"waka    waka flocka    waka flocka flames bitch! lmfao    im <propfemale> hood    ha ha ha\reconize bitches! ha ha  love  !)"
"lol on the phone with my boyfriends pocket     cute  \ love "
<~~~ is bored     any ideas?
sleeping this day away and liking it better than watchin tv      annoyed 
"love makes me treat you the way that i do,   gee baby aint i good to you?    \~the mask    yeah <propmale> sundays arent all bad!   lol"
i love how everything is about politics    right down to fast food    
lmao never saw that one coming    i wana say something else but wont   lol
o m f g          sooo bored     
if your pissed off at a guy listen to this song    breaking point- <propfemale> hilson    smile  love yall 
