f56093742a038c70eceec53ece367ce2
there is no one to talk tooooooooooooo  sad 
playing the xbox with my bro
bored out of my mind really really bored  laugh   smile 
going to the fair today to have funfuninthesun!
bored    smile 
making macaroni and cheese  want school to come soon
woke up at 5!!! verrrrrrrryyyyyyy tired  smile 
tiredddd     sad 
volleyballll   gotta love itt!     love 
just got back from croswell    very tired!
so tired from volleyball and school! so mad for the 2hr delay from this morning ughh!
we won all three games against mayville! woo! they sucked really bad and i got like 6 aces and i spiked!
we won to <propfirst>! lol <propfirst> <propfirst>
i am back from the dentist and have no cavities! the only problem is that i have to get my baby teeth pulled out so that i don't have double teeth  funfun  but it doesn't bother me 
"will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, or weird it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get"
happy turn your profile picture into a pokemon month 
 love   smile 
christmas  love   smile 
i don't need <propmale> charming because i already have someone who's a million times better! love 
"1 universe,9 planets,204 countries,809 islands,7 seas,66 billion people, & i still met youu   ?"
"i can put my head on your chest and listen to your heartbeat, knowing that the rhythm is perfect  and when you hold me, i know i'm safe in your arms  love "
eating ramen noodles!
 love  ramen noodles!
upload icons off of iconator com
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: sexy   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: scary   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf typ   e   19: player   20: the best
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: sexy   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: scary   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf typ   e   19: player   20: the best
"\a word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \"" copy and paste this in your status to    see what people have to say about you"""
"\a word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \"" copy and paste this in your status to    see what people have to say about you"""
omg! exams are so dumb! glad that they are over tomorrow! yay  smile   laugh 
finally exams are over!  love  itt!  skating sunday  fun fun
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  (99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this)"
skating was so much fun! old man   lol peyton
"rate <propfemale>!!!  smile  - 1-crazy, 2-i'd marry you, 3-talkative, 4-sarcastic, 5-i miss you, 6-club head, 7-moody,  laugh umb, 9-mouthy, 10-spoiled, 11-random, 12-hot, 13-funny, 14-fit, 15-amazing, 16-tough, 17-cute, 18-gf bf type, 19-player, 20-i love you, 21-gorgeous, 22-the best, 23-couldn't live with out you smile "
omg! i think that its going to happen!  love 
so excited it will happen soon  love 
"you are 100% small townian if you  have ever heard this conversation:  \you wanna coke?\""  \""yeah \""  \""what kind?\""  \""dr  pepper \"""""
just got done making chocolate covered pretzels! yummy  love 
i hate being sick           
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status   then put the first entry for your name under comments   "
go saints!  smile 
go saints!  wink 
this new facebook is dumb   i want it to go back to normal!
<propmale> tuck is the stupidest person on earth according to <propfirst>!
going skating with <propfemale> and <propfemale>! wooooo
omg! my computer is like virus locked so might not be on 
sick today :[ but i feel a lot better now  smile 
bowling lataa      idk    ily
going to <propfemale>'s tonight  love  i think we are bowling   love  maybe skating   love 
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults, then copy and paste this to your status   "
"i'm done pretending here so here goes:no im not okay with the fact that you broke my heart,no im not okay at the fact that we don't talk anymroe and no im not okay with the fact that i fell in love with you in the first place  ?"
waiting for an answer  love  <propfirst> you aren't going to figure it out  haha and no one is gonna tell you    hope the answer is yes!!!
wth? the computer just like turned off! sorry to the ppl i was talking too 
michigan or michigan state? everyone comment  
"just don't tell em i've gone crazy, that i'm still strung out over you, tell em anything you want to, just don't tell em all the truth, yeah don't tell em all the truth  love "
"now here i am trying to make sense of it all we were best friends now we don't even talk you broke my heart ripped my world apart didn't you know how much i loved you didn't you know how much i loved you, baby i gave you everything, every part of me didn't you feel it when i touched you didn't i rock you when i loved you, baby baby, tell me didn't you know how much i loved you  heart-broken "
eating a bosco breadstick     yummmmm  love 
" love  s p r i n g b r e a k planning: shopping for dress, buying a new bowling ball, sleeping, idk what else     gotta  love  break!!! and plus the w a r m w e a t h e r !"
if are brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 crazy  2  i'd marry you  3 talkative  4 sarcastic  5 loveable  6 ditsy  7  moody  8 space case  9 spoiled  10 mouthy  11 random  12 hot  13  funny  14 smartash  15 amazing  16 beautiful  17 cute  18 rude  19 simple  20 strong;!  smile 
 smile  ?o??o?o? s???s ll?q??os ???????loo? os s? s??? ?pnp
chicago in 38 hours  can't wait  && questioning sunday this sunday && confirmation on may 2nd with a party following  smile 
"packed week  \monday and thursday - jv stats\tuesday and saturday (well maybe saturday) - practice\wednesday - practice with kids (i'm a coach!!!)\friday - banquet and science fair   \wow no free time at all this week!"
"dear algebra,\you are so retarded   i can't figure you out\love <propfemale>  love "
"click on \like\"" if i've ever made you smile \",f56093742a038c70eceec53ece367ce2,"click on \like\"" if i've ever made you smile \",f56093742a038c70eceec53ece367ce2,"\you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold  buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh you make me smile\"""""
"\you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh you make me smile\"""""
"what the heck? no one was at practice today,\i think we will get more playing time though (<propfemale>, lex, <propfemale>, <propfemale> b, and me!)"
"wow all the music i listen too now is uncle kracker,\its only because <propfirst> got me addicted to uncle kracker \thanks <propfirst> "
"\    follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me   \"""""
"\   to think i used to love you for reasons i don't know you polished up my halo and i dirtied up your soul i sure had a good time but we both know i can't stay to think i used to love you but i'm leaving anyway   \"""""
i feel like my life is being bombed  destroyed  ruined  burned  like it's falling apart  caving in  collapsing  dieing  and you are the terrorist   heart-broken 
"tell me honestly   \1  who are you?\2  how did we meet?\3  give me a nickname \4  describe me in one word \         5  if you could give me anything what would it be?\6  what was your first impression of me?\7  is it different now?\8  if you could take me anywhere, where would it be?\9  what do you hate about me?\10  what do you love about me?\11  will you copy this to your status?\12  any questions?"
"what you've done to me will soon be a part of my memory  i may forget the exact words you've said, but i will never forget the way you made me feel "
if we sing in the shower does the shower sing in us?
"\    you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought you can drive me wild ohh you make me smile    \"""""
"\   in a little while i'll be thinkin' about you in a little while i'll still be here without you you never gave me a reason to doubt you in a little while i'll be thinkin' about you baby   i'll be thinkin' about you baby   \"""""
"possibly bowling with <propfirst> lataa'\unsure at this point "
hatchet fest was funnnn   smile 
maybe bowling with <propmale> <propfirst> gainor saturday   smile 
"softball and possibly bowling with <propmale> <propfirst> gainor on saturday \nothing really happening during the week besides softball games \its great to be meeeeeeeeee   smile "
"game against cass city tomorrow && game against ubly friday \we are going to win both \anyone play cass city yet?"
"sometimes no matter how much you want someone, no matter how much you love them, no matter how desperate you are for them    sometimes you just can't have them   heart-broken "
we were given: two hands to hold  to legs to walk  two eyes to see  two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else  for us to find 
"i took down my walls for you, i gave you everything i had to offer  i loved you and thought you loved me, but in the end it was all just one big lie  i hope your happy now "
"game in about 2 hours    yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!\i  love  softballlllllllll and summerrrrrrr!"
"if you're brave,copy this to your status and see what people rate you [1]good looking [2]wish we went out  [3]talkative  [4]sarcastic  [5]lovable  [6]sexy [7]strong  [8]dumb  [9]spoiled  [10]mouthy  [11] wild  [12]goofy [13]funny  [14]awesomely awesome  [15]amazing     [16]beautiful    please comment"
"dear brain, sorry for overloading you with thoughts of him  dear tummy, sorry for all the butterflies  dear pillow, sorry for all the tears  dear heart, sorry for all the damage \ love  <propfemale>"
"i love how you turn to me for advice  i love it when you pull me aside & whisper in my ear, but i hate that your talking about the girl that i wish i were   heart-broken "
"i want to have a guy friend who hugs me all the\ time, a guy that i can tell everything to, a guy i can laugh with, a\ guy that is my bestest friend   smile      lucky i have all ready found that\ guy   smile "
"the first\ person to like my status, i will have their last name for a weeek! \put this as your status and see who's last name you'll have for aweek"
"if there is something i need to know, tell me! i'm not a mind reader! if you want to know something, ask! i'll answer any question  it's called communication!"
"how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list?? here's a task for you     i would like all my facebook friends to post how and where you met me  after you comment, post this to your status  you'll be amazed by the reponses you get "
you were there when i was upset  you sat close to me on the floor calmed me down made me smile when i didnt think i could  too bad its only friendship your amazing   smile 
"tourneys tonight and tomorrow \game one (bad axe gold vs  north huron)"
"tourneys continued   \three games tomorrow  the only ppl i know we play are ba blue, they are going down!  lol  jk w e happens happens \who gets up at 7 on saturday  i do because of tourneys   sad \at least i  love  softballllllllllllll!"
"i might not have a boyfriend to stick up for me but, i have some guy friends that could mess you up, like my best friend  basically i'm telling you don't mess with me "
"maybe the person you've been looking for has been right in front of you the whole time, they were just disguised as a good friend "
eclipseeeeeeee  love 
"omggggg!\eclipse was majorly awesome!\haha <propmale> is hawt!"
knows this guy  smile  that's pretty [awesome] & just the thought of him makes her smile    see! she's doing it right now (?)
"i miss the old times when the only drama was if your crayons were stolen, getting high was on the swings, and the only thing you can get from boys were the cooties   smile "
did you ever think the reason i'm saying much is because when you’re on my mind you have me looking for words    yeah i'm falling for you  smile 
"even after all the shit you put me through i'm still here to care for you   smile   i want to forget and let go, but somehow it’s not possible   sad "
"inspire me  motivate me  pull me out of this hole i seem to have dug for myself  it’s not how many tears i cry that measure my pain, but the amount i hold back   love "
how ironic would it be if someone choked on a life saver?
"ü  think big, think smart, think positive, think beautiful, think great  now, i know this may be too much for you, so here is a shortcut  just think about me!!  laugh "
"like this status if your my friend  inbox me if you ever want a relationship with me \comment a smiley  smile  if you love me  put a sadface :[ if you are mad at\me  put a heart ? if i am somebody you will never forget  now let's see\who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status"
watching so you think you can dance  love 
that you're always in my heart you're always on my mind but when it all becomes too much you're never far behind and there's no one that comes close to you could ever take your place 'cause only you can love me this way  love 
"it makes me sad that it raining  sad \i'm thinking no softball tonighttttttttttttt!  sad "
"watching so you think you can dance again  love \shower after    then bed  love "
"ü  there is always that one person  the one that makes you laugh when you'd rather cry, the one that makes you cry when you laugh  there's always that one person love "
"97% of teenagers would cry if they saw <propfirst> bieber standing on top of a sky scraper,about to jump  if your one of the 3% who would sit there like me, in a deck chair with popcorn and yell \do a flip!\"" then copy and paste this as your status   """
"taking score for softball tourneys today love \i  love  you girlssssssssss!"
"you make me smile like the sun, fall outta bed sing like a bird, dizzy in my head spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like fool, forget how to breathe shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild oh, you make me smile     thanks for being a great friend   smile "
ü  people say money can't buy happiness  they lie  money can buy a jet-ski  you ever see anyone unhappy on a jet-ski? well?
"okay since when did talking and hanging out with a boy become flirting, i mean really  people were just friends  can't we have guy friends huh?"
movies at 4      yay!
"you're always on my mind love  but we are only friends, never more than that  sad "
"ü  okay for the first comment below, write anything funny, weird, or etc , and that will be my status for the day  remember the first one!  playful  now go!"
pickles are like cucumbers soaked in evil!!!!! mwahahahaha! smile 
poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like my status and i'll tell you what i think of you  message me if you ever wanted to date me  comment this if you're my friend  now lets see whose brave enough to copy & paste this to their status  smile 
 love   love  csi miami  love   love 
"watching downfall and <propfemale>'s got talent love  both are great shows  smile \thinking i will not be able to sleep again tonight    too much on my mind   annoyed "
"like this   and ill tell you a like, dislike, first impressionnnn and a confession laugh "
just noticed how good strawberries are love 
thinking about yuo all day and night just isn't working why can't it be easier to tell you or at least someone else     annoyed 
watching so you think you can dance till ten the bed love 
"<propfemale> nieschulz youuuu areeeeeee awesomeeeeeeeeeee and amazinggggg,,, haha,  love "
eating some deelish ice cream even know i don't need itttt!  smile 
tireddddddddddd  annoyed 
watching wipeoutttttttt then so you think you can danceeeeeeeee love 
thanks music for being there when no one else was there  smile 
yummmmmmmmmmmmmmy blue <propfemale> ice cream love 
nothing to do       anyone wanna <propfemale> out????
when i wanna talk to you why are you never on  sad 
if you can't get someone outta your head maybe they're supposed to be there love 
"wow i guess sleep is overated,  annoyed "
"nothing better than breakfast for lunch, hehe yumm smile "
"vbs all weekkkkkkkkkk, can't go to the softball games because i am one of the only helpers for vbs  i hate when things interefere with one another especially when there are tourneys that i can't go too  sad  ohh well "
"rate me!- 1 crazy, 2 lovable, 3 random, 4 cool, 5 talkative, 6 fun, 7 best friend, 8 sassy, 9 mean, 10 just can't live without you!"
"i want to tell you how i feel, but i don't want to mess things up, so its best to stay friends, instead of nothing at all  smile "
l i v e for today;  l a u g h  at the past  laugh ;  l o v e who are  love 
"wants one person to prove that not all relationships are horrible, that there are people out there that are capable of being mature, loving, caring, & monogamous "
"name for an amazing well-rounded wholesome girl  she loves to laugh and talk about things with you, and she'll always be there for you  if you hurt one of her friends, she'll be there to back you up and help you through it  if you have a problem, she'll help solve it  she is a wonderful person   smile "
the park and wendys was fun and i went with some awesome ppl including <propfemale> nieschulz <propfirst> clawson <propfemale> <propfemale> && <propfemale> ridner
i always got your back and you will always have mine  smile 
"why are so many people getting hurt on so you think you can dance, thats three this season already    blah  sad "
you are always on my mind love  i have to tell you soon   hoping it doesn't ruin anything   annoyed 
"if you are brave, copy and paste this into your status and see what people rate you sad 1)crazy (2) i'd marry you (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable (6) clubhead (7) moody ( smile  dumb (9)spoiled (10) mouthy (11) random (12) hot (13) funny (14) smart mouth(15)amazing (16)    sanctified holy (17) cute (1 smile  rude (19) simp   le    (20)str   ong (21)    the best (23) quiet (24) sexy (25) adorable i love u ?"
"ubly was fun, vbs tonight then free for the rest of the summer love "
working lion's club next week! love 
refreshing dr  pepper cherry love 
beginning to think that i'm wasting time i don't understand the things i do the world outside looks so unkind now i'm counting on you to <propfemale> me through   
"i love the way you lie,"
lets play the color game  smile  copy this into your status and see what people rate you *red = i love you  * pink = your cute  * green = your funny  *orange= ilike you  * white = i used to like you  * yellow= your amazing * black= i hate you  * blue = friends for ever  * purple= your    hot ;*
how did we meet? set this as your status and see the comments you get!
"fair was okay, didn't really go on that many rides though         saw most of my best friends  smile "
"i'm not afraid to take a stand everybody come take my hand we'll walk this road together, through the storm whatever weather, cold or warm just lettin you know that, you're not alone holla if you feel like you've been down the same road"
dinner then softball game tonight   smile  last oneee!  sad 
"inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'm not allowed to tell, it's between me and you  put this as your status and see what you get!"
imma space bound rocket ship and your heart's in the <propfemale> and i'm aiming right at you right at you 250 thousand <propmale> on a clear night in june and i aim it right at you right at you right at you
"fill in the blanks ! <propfemale> is my _______  she has a nice _______  dang, she is _______  i __________ her  make this your status and see what answers you get ! smile "
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common since never let your prayin' knees get lazy and love like crazy"
wipeout and so you think you can danceee love  love  love  love  love 
"if you want me, show me  if you need me, tell me  if you have me, show me off  if i'm worth it, fight for me "
life is a roller coaster ride time turns the wheel and love collides faith is believing you can close your eyes and touch the sky to shine while you have the <propmale> to shine laugh even when you want to cry hold on tight to what you feel inside and ride
bored nothing to do tonight   annoyed 
doesn't feel good at all  sad 
to think i used to love you for reasons i don't know you polished up my halo and i dirtied up your soul i sure had a good time but we both know i can't stay to think i used to love you but i'm leaving anyway
"baby you're my sunshine love ,"
"if you're\brave, copy this to your status & see what people pick for you  \(1)crazy  (2)wish we went out  (3)talkative (4)sarcastic (5)lovable \(6)sexy  (7)strong  ( smile dumb  (9)spoiled  (10)mouthy  (11)wild  \(12)goofy  (13)funny  (14)awesomely    awesome     (15)amazing  \         (16)beautiful  (17)i love you "
imma space bound rocket ship and your heart's in the <propfemale> and i'm aiming right at you right at you 250 thousand <propmale> on a clear night in june and i aim it right at you right at you right at you ( love )
mario!!!!!! laugh 
csi:miami love 
"wow cutting grass took longer than i e playful ected   ((i'm sorry i'm bad i'm sorry you're blue i'm sorry about all the things i said to you and i know i can't take it back i love how you kiss, i love all your sounds,  and baby the way you make my world go round and i just wanted to say i'm sorry))"
watching <propfemale>'s got talent     these ppl don't have a lot of it though 
in a little while i'll be thinkin' about you in a little while i'll still be here without you you never gave me a reason to doubt you in a little while i'll be thinkin' about you baby   i'll be thinkin' about you baby
"dear_______  you have a cute ________  you make me______  you should be ______  you and me should ______  i'd get your name tattooed on my ______  you are so ______, i ____ you  love from_____  put this as your status and see how many letters you get"
"well the truth, well it hurts to say i'm gonna pack up my bags and i'm gonna go away i'm gonna split, i can't stand it i'm gonna give it up and quit and aint never coming back"
"i keep a postcard in the back of my mind, white sand, sunshine, & you shining like a brand new dime  yeah you make me feel like summertime"
"nobody knows me im cold, walk down this road all alone, its no ones fault but my own, its the path ive chosen to go"
"have you ever wanted to talk, but never really dared? or missed that opportunity to tell them you really cared? pretended that it doesn't hurt, and said it's ok? and spent all day wishing itd all go away? acted how your \supposed\"" to so no one knew you cried: and never let them know how you really felt inside?"""
championship game tonight  love  then its all over  sad 
"time only heals when it wants to, i guess that's why i just can't get you off of my mind, yeah, when the walls come down between us, will you be on the other side?, if you say you didn't mean it, i will let you right back in for the rest of my life"
"life is too short! so: kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly"
"and i'll take off my halo, if you take off your wings, you don't have to be invincible, cause i sure ain't no saint, you'll always be my angel no matter what you do, cause you take me to heaven, just by being you  love "
this is not working the way i planned  ugggggggh  heart-broken 
you make me smileeeeeeee smile 
the beach is a great place to think things through  smile  
"'   what we got is just like driving on an open highway, never knowing what we're gonna find just like two kids baby always tryin' to live it up woah, yeah that's our kind of love mmm, that's our kind of love   \"",2010-0 surprise 9 00:21:18""",f56093742a038c70eceec53ece367ce2,"there's no limit on how far i would go, no boundaries, no lengths, why do we say that until we get that person that we think's, gonna be that one and then once we get 'em, it's never the same, you want 'em when they don't want you, soon as they do, feelin's change"
"don't know how i lived without you 'cause every time that i get around you i see the best of me inside your eyes you make me smile you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild"
hanging at <propfemale>'s soon!  smile 
"wishing you would just log on, got so much to say, if you even care  annoyed , <propfemale>'s tonight and bowling tomorrow with <propfemale> hass, tyessa brown, and <propfemale> <propmale>!!!!!"
"lucky uh it's got me uhh you got that something boy i wanna be where you are and i'm gunning for ya and i can't even fall for some other man cause brother, man you know how to get hip to my heart   come on now!"
ahhhh feels good to talk to someone really early in the morning  just made my whole day thanks <propmale> <propfirst> gainor!!! too bad your laptop died  sad  i really enjoyed the conversation  what you said just made me really happy!!!! love 
working all day then volleyball meeting tonite and practice tomorrow    ahhhh gotta love volleyball!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love 
i want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye  although i understand your reasoning and maybe its better we are friends rather than nothing at all!  annoyed 
volleyball practice 9 to noon all week!! love  can't wait!
is exhausted but its worth it  volleyball all week nine to noon! wow  i miss talking to you already 
"hey it's me, again i'm just checkin' in wonderin' how you've been yeah it's been awhile nothin' much has changed i hope you're doin' okay i just called to say you've been on my mind love "
put another candle in the wind it’s just another thing that i can't fix play another game that i can't win but i'm not leaving it like this maybe i should find a common ground scratch another problem off my list go ahead and kick me when i'm down but i'm not leaving it like this
"uggggggggh, sore  well one more practice this week then relaxing for a couple of days and then practice again  ahh the sound of volleyball(put another candle in the wind it’s just another thing that i can't fix play another game that i can't win but i'm not leaving it like this maybe i should find a common ground scratch another problem off my list go ahead and kick me when i'm down but i'm not leaving it like this)"
times may change love it comes and goes how i wish i would have shown you how deep for you my love goes and i know this might sound crazy i would end my life for you you know i want to come back home and care for you baby i'd do anything for you i'd do anything for you
"if my name wasn't <propfemale>, what name do you think want it should to be? copy this status and see what random name you get  *remeber to put your name *"
went bowling today and uggggh i don't even want to talk about it  still don't know if i am making the right decision  annoyed 
"you’re better than the best i’m lucky just to linger in your light cooler than the flipside of my pillow, that’s right completely unaware nothin’ can compare to where you send me  lets me know that it’s okay, yeah it’s okay and the moments when my good times start to fade   oh you make me smileee smile "
i wish i could tell you how many times a day i think of you and i wish i could think that you'd ever care 
practice all week nine to noon again    ohhhhhhh volleyball!!! love 
i'm nothing fancy i'm nothing special that's true but i know what your thinkin' cuz i'm thinkin' that same thing too now you'd like everything to go your way and i should probably say everything you'd like me to say but that's not me and baby that just wouldn't be you you better watch how long you wait cuz baby you might wait too long
addicted  great just another thing that will end in a disappointment  awesome!  annoyed  i just wish something would go my way for once 
"i told you that i liked you and you were cool with it  why are you ignoring me? i thought you were different, someone i can depend on for anything, i guess i was wrong again  well now i am thinking that was a bad decision  so if you want me in your life i will be here but until then it was nice getting to know who i thought you were  bye, until you actually speak to me "
"time only heals when it wants to, i guess that's why i just can't get you off of my mind, yeah, when the walls come down between us, will you be on the other side?, if you say you didn't mean it, i will let you right back in for the rest of my life"
tired of your games  make a decision and stick with it  your either my friend or not  its plain and simple  i would like to know because i don't wanna waste my time to find out you never cared in the first place  make a decision already!
has a low tolerance for all this! super angry   
thought she knew what she was thinking but is now thinking other thoughts and doesn't know what to think of these thoughts 
i am done!! can't take it anymore  i would try but you don't care  w e makes you happy i guess  and apparently it makes you happy to see me like this  w e i am completely done trying   heart-broken 
"basketball or bowling?\comment!! i need help!"
"why do i have to love so many sports that all happen at the same time?? uggggggggh  annoyed , still don't know what i am doing  such a hard decision!!"
"lol i'm watching phineas and ferb: summer belongs to you!! love  lmao this is my favorite song from it rubber bands, rubber balls made with super-special density rubber bands, rubber balls they can bounce with such intensity this is the room where we test the stretching this is the room where we test the bounce, ha love "
on every <propfemale> you will know how much i love you in every line you will see how much i care with every word well grow a little closer even though we both know i can't be there that's why i'm writing it down down down down down ohhhhhhhh i'm writing it down for you and for me and for the whole wide world to read ohhhhhhhh i'm writing it down
"midland tomorrow for a loons game!!! love  can't wait! want to get you off my mind, you have been wierd lately  w e go ahead and talk about me to your friends i don't care anymore   heart-broken  ((put another candle in the wind it’s just another thing that i can't fix play another game that i can't win but i'm not leaving it like this))"
"if this is the way you are going to make me feel, then i am not putting myself through the pain  i always knew you never cared and you just stabbed me in the back, thinking it was so funny  well, how do you feel now, knowing you hurt me as bad as you did? huh?"
"guess what time it is? loons baseball time!! heading to midland in a few!! love  ((i pray your brakes go out runnin' down a hill i pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like i'd like too i pray your birthday comes and nobody calls i pray you're flyin' high when your engine stalls i pray all your dreams never come true just know wherever you are <propfemale>, i pray for you))  smile "
"you feel like a candle in a hurricane just like a picture with a broken frame alone and helpless like you've lost your fight but you'll be alright you'll be alright cause when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of you might bend, till you break cause its all you can take on your knees you look up decide you've had enough you get mad you get strong wipe your hands shake it off then you stand then you stand"
things always go wrong and there is no one to talk to them about  crying  ugggggggh!
"i'm quitting, quitting, quitting, i'm quitting you like a girl wants her chocolate, yeah, i know that i'll miss you but i'm quitting, quitting, quitting, i'm not kidding i'm kicking you, cause you're my bad habit and i'm quitting you"
i never wanted the stars i never shot for the <propfemale> i like them right where they are all i wanted was you so baby just turn away because i can't face the truth all i'm trying to say is all i wanted was you
"i got your back you got mine, i'll help you out anytime  to see you hurt to see you cry, makes me weep and wanna die  and if you agree to never fight, it wouldn't matter who's wrong or right  if a broken heart needs a mend, i'll be right there to the end  if your cheeks are wet from drops of tears, don't you worry let go of your fears  hand in hand love is sent, we'll be friends till the end   smile "
no practice tomorrow   scrimmage at 5 and then tourneys on friday!! love 
uggggggggggggh! no idea what sport i am playing   basketball or bowling????    tough choice!! split between them  i love both of them so much!! ugh!  sad 
the votes are going towards bowling so i think that is my decision!! bowling it is!  smile 
you confuse me boy really bad!
uggggggggh! dying from not talking to you when your online  bothers me that you can't talk!  sad 
okay so now i am pretty certain that giving up basketball for bowling is a pretty good decision  anyone agree?
just to see you smile i’d do anything that you wanted me to and all is said and done i’d never count the cost it’s worth all that’s lost just to see you smile  love 
"in your heart, you know i'm exactly who you know me to be   i've never betrayed your trust   i've always been right here   waiting   i'm nothing like the rest   love , if you only knew how much you actually mean to me!!"
volleyball in a couple hours and i can't sleep just great  annoyed  wow  7 will come early 
"maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano all i know is i love you too much to walk away though come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk don't you hear sincerity in my voice when i talk i told you this is my fault"
"if i knew what i was doing, i'd be doing it right now  and i would be the best damn poet; silver words out of my mouth  my words might not be magic, but they cut straight to the truth  so if you need a lover and a friend, baby, i'm in  i'm in "
i'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the <propfemale> and i'm aiming right at you right at you 250 thousand <propmale> on a clear night in june and i'm aiming right at you right at you right at you
bowling!! my final decision and i am sticking with it all four years not playing basketball in highschool!  laugh 
"i should've known by the way you passed me by there was something in your eyes and it wasn't right i should've walked, but i never had the <propmale> everything got out of hand, and i let it slide now i only have myself to blame for falling for your stupid games i wish my life could be the way it was before i saw your face  heart-broken "
"you're always on my mind but you found someone else so i know we'll never be together, you don't have to even say it, i know how you feel  heart-broken "
what 5 words describe me best?? comment?
"i can learn to live alone and move on with my life there's a million things that i can do to occupy my time i can wake each morning, i can go about my day i can fumble through my words until i find a few to say but the hardest thing i've had to do since we've been apart is learning how to deal with all this pain inside my heart"
"but nothing i could drink could help me drink you off my mind everywhere i looked, i saw your face and i wonder, and i wonder if there still might be a little space in your heart for me 'cause i'm so cold, i'm so alone and i miss you, babe"
somethings you can't take back though you wish you could some things you can't take back though the glass has been broke an' the milk has been spilled an' your love's on the line some things you can't take back
"don't you hear sincerity, in my voice when i talk, told you this is my fault, next time, there wont be a next time, i apologize, even though i know it's lies, i'm tired of the games"
if i could tell you one thing i guess it would be that i love hearing your voice and that your smile just happens brighten my entire day       you make my heart skip beats like a scratched cd  love 
never works the way its supposed too    sick of it  crying 
"tomorrow's going to be a long long day    vball at 7am till 9am then working all day and then at the bowling alley all night   joy!! (you've made me feel like nothing, shattered my heart, destroyed my dreams and crushed my spirit  if that was your intention, then you have succeeded  happy now?)"
"you've made me feel like nothing, shattered my heart, destroyed my dreams and crushed my spirit  if that was your intention, then you have succeeded  happy now?"
"it hurts so much to love you the way i do, and then look at you and realize how much you don't care  heart-broken "
heading to lonshots!! love 
to think i used to love you for reasons i don't know you polished up my halo and i dirtied up your soul i sure had a good time but we both know i can't stay to think i used to love you but i'm leaving anyway
"and i'll take off my halo if you take off your wings you don't have to be invincible cause i sure ain't no saint you'll always be my angel no matter what you do, cause you take me to heaven just by being you"
you make me smile like the sun fall outta' bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohhh you make me smileeeee smile 
heading to croswell!! love 
last day of summer wasn't the funnest day ever   but talked to some amazing people    ilyyy love 
school tomorrow     well had a pretty good first day    love 
put another candle in the wind it’s just another thing that i can't fix play another game that i can't win but i'm not leaving it like this maybe i should find a common ground scratch another problem off my list go ahead and kick me when i'm down but i'm not leaving it like this
holy crap!!!! 5 subjects of homework is freaking crazy!! thanks teachers   not!!
"done with homework, feels good!! test tomorrow   sad "
"dear geometry, stop being dumb you should solve your own problems,  love  amanda smile "
if i could tell you one thing i guess it would be that i love hearing your voice and that your smile just happens brighten my entire day       you make my heart skip beats like a scratched cd?
"not going to lie, you are the stupidest faggot i've ever met in my whole entire life  i'm not a creep alright "
"there you go making my heart beat again, heart beat again, heart beat again there you go making me feel like a kid won't you do it and do it one time? there you go pulling me right back in, right back in, right back in and i know oh i'm never letting this go i'm stuck on you whuto whuto stuck like glue you and me baby we're stuck like glue whuto whuto stuck like glue you and me baby we're stuck like glue love "
you wear your smile like a summer sky just shining down on me and you i swear your heart is a free bird on a lazy sunday afternoon i love the way that you're up for anything and never worry 'bout what people say that's right whoa thats right love 
life’s not the breaths you take the breathing in and out that gets you through the day ain’t what it’s all about ya just might miss the point try’n to win the race life’s not the breaths you take but the moments that take your breath away love 
put another candle in the wind it’s just another thing that i can't fix play another game that i can't win but i'm not leaving it like this maybe i should find a common ground scratch another problem off my list go ahead and kick me when i'm down but i'm not leaving it like this
homecoming tonight but not going to the game or dance    i'm going to <propfemale> at longshots instead 
"what if the person you love with your whole heart and  soul really is just your best friend, nothing more; is the time spent thinking otherwise completely wasted?  annoyed "
"errrrg, i really need someone to talk too     crying "
the first time i looked into your eyes i knew i would do anything for you   ?
"you said you couldn't stand to see me with a broken heart, so i was just wondering   did you close your eyes when you broke it?  crying "
"i might hug other guys, i might laugh with other guys, i might even <propfemale> out with other guys      but none of them will ever mean to me as much as you do  love "
"in matters of the heart there is only one real question, do you believe what you want is worth fighting for? fight  for what you believe in, it will be worth it!"
the most amazing look you give me is when you are amazed just looking at me   you make me feel so treasured and loved  love 
"i love you, with all my heart  you are more beautiful than the <propfemale>, more radiant than the sun and more precious than a <propfemale> "
"no matter what happens, i'll always love you  you've touched my heart and it now belongs to you  eery promise i made to you, i will keep it if it kills me  love "
"everything happens for a reason, and even if you don't understand what's going on now, you'll look back one day and know exactly why it had to happen love "
"i may not have everything i have ever wanted in life, but i have all i will ever need to be happy  and that's you! love "
"the one for you is the one that makes you smile every day even if your in a fight, the one you say i hate you too and take it all back in 3 seconds later love "
watching michigan v  michigan state game    michigan going to win!!! love 
okay so what's up with the michigan cheerleaders on the msu side  lmao  wth!
"i wanna put you in a song, ohhhhh, well i'd sing about your smile and your pretty blue eyes the way your hair shimmers in the sunlight it'd be so easy i'd just write it from my heart 'cause i gotta tell the world what you mean to me wrap you up in a <propfemale> so you'll be    stuck in my head all day 'cause you're already there anyway, yes you are?"
why should i waste my time on someone that evidently does not want to spend time with me?
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have    heart-broken 
peanut butter!!!! love 
"i'm still here, near you   but if i seem distant, remember, you pushed me away    heart-broken "
"totally believes that we should always listen to our heart   because even though it's on our left, it'll always be right  wink "
"two hearts meet in a twist of fate, hoping that it's not too late, to find what they've both been looking for  each one left wanting more  love "
you will look up one day and miss me like i miss you and i wont always be willing to give up everything for you and one day you will regret not taking the <propmale> you had  love 
"love is like a butterfly if you <propmale> it you will never catch it, if you leave it alone it will land right on your nose  love "
you should feel righteous when you buy the same thing as a friend for a better price 
"one universe, nine planets, two hundred four countries, seven continents, eight hundred seven islands, seven seas, and i had the privilege to meet you love "
truth is    like this and i will tell you !
"you can ask me 3 questions *to my inbox* and i will answer truthfully, but i dare you to copy this and see what you get asked!"
"when you love someone, you let them go and trust them, if they really love you, they will come back  love "
it's amazing how one word from the right person can turn your whole day around and make you feel better in a second!  smile 
whenever i look down at my hand i smile because i know that someones fingers fit perfectly in the spaces between my fingers   i love you love 
"maybe if you can't get someone out of your head, they're supposed to be there and maybe you shouldn't give up on them, because it could turn out to be everything you wanted it to be! love "
"couldn't even play tonight because my stomach hurts so bad, hope you girls win  go freshman!! we love our girls!! love "
"if you push me away, don't be surprised when you can't pull me back  i don't want to be pushed but you just can't see what your doing to me on the inside   sad "
"    i still believe in this rock & roll & i pray the music gonna save my soul, but till then i still believe, some thing are just meant to be    "
   says nobody asked for life to deal us with these hands we're dealt we gotta take these cards ourselves and flip em don't e playful ect no help  -eminem love 
the only thing in life that is worth waiting for is love  wait for the guy who makes you smile when you are at your saddest  it will be worth it to wait! love 
"knowing a person like you has made me happy in a million different ways, and if ever i have to let you go i will find a million reasons to make you stay  love "
"life is like an hour glass  eventually everything hits the bottom, and there is nothing you can do but wait until someone comes along and turns it around    love "
"i'm not scared of heights, i'm scared of falling  i'm not scared of swimming, i'm scared of drowning  i'm not scared of loving, i'm scared of getting hurt   love "
"if i saw a shooting <propfemale>, i wouldn't make a wish, because i already have you & baby you're a wish come true!  love "
"life can be extremely hard at times, people will lie, and back stab you  but always keep your head up, smile  smile  and never let them know what hurts you the most  love "
its hard to wait around for something that you know might not happen but its even harder to give up when you know its everything you ever wanted    love 
"he isn't my boyfriend, but i love his hugs, his smile, his advice, his kindness, and the times when we laugh together, i guess i fell in love with our friendship  love "
"letters start with a-b-c, <propfirst> start with 1-2-3, songs start with do-re-me, but love   love starts with you and me  love "
"i could be with anyone in the world and be content, but i stay with you because when i'm with you, everything is better than i could have ever hoped for  love "
says you know you are in love when you see that special someone and they make your heart stop and race at the same time   i love you    love   love   love 
"if you wake up in a red room \with no windows and doors, \don't panic  you're just in my \heart!!! love "
"*if i saw a shooting <propfemale>, i wouldn't make a wish, because i already have you & baby you're a wish come true!*  love "
do you even realize that you are my everything that i could never live without you & i love you with all that i am? i love being in love with my best friend  smile 
"you're a moment in time that i never want to end, a dream that i don't want to wake up from, and a life that i never want to loose   love "
"if a kiss were a raindrop, i'd send you showers  if hugs were a second, i'd send you hours  if smiles were water, i'd send you the sea  if love was a person i'd send you me   smile  love "
you know you're a redneck when     your mother gets ran over by her daughter trying to get ready for supper     smile 
being with you is like having every single one of my wishes come true  love 
i wish you could see yourself through my eyes and see and feel the way i do about you! maybe then you would understand all the reasons why i love you! love 
best day everrrr!!! love 
"you don't have to take me to an e playful ensive restaurant, buy me <propfemale> or presents   i just want to be with you! money cant buy love  ,but your heart bought mine love "
"when you think of all the sadness, strength, and pain you had to go through to get where you are, all the smiles, laughs, and love are worth so much more  love "
i don't know where i stand with you & i don't know what i mean to you  all i know is every time i think of you  i just want to be with you  you have my heart!! love 
"warning: i'm not perfect  i make mistakes  but if you really love me, then you would love everything about me   good and bad!  smile "
"i need you more then the <propfemale> needs the stars, i love you more then fish loves water! you are mine and i am yours! i hope that never changes i love you!!  love "
i never e playful ected to fall in love with you like i did now  but i know one thing      it's your smile that started it all love 
"with sunshine comes clouds and rain, with true love comes sorrow and pain  but once you have e playful erienced true love, trust me   you will never be the same love "
why is facebook being so gay?? i can't even send a message to _______!! i want to talk to him soooooooooooooo bad!!!
"if i was to look up into the sky tonight and i was to see a shooting <propfemale>, i would wish for the only thing that makes me happy, which is you  love "
"click 'like' if i have everr made you s m i l e  smile  \then make it your status to see how many people you made smile  smile "
pulse youth group was epicly awesome!! lol  and had lots of fun playing basketball with will affholter tyessa brown and <propmale> sutton!! haha good times  smile 
i wanna hear something you've never told me a confession a secret or the best memory with me and don't hold back   smile 
"i always knew you would mean something to me, but i never knew you would mean everything to me love "
why does everything always have to go wrong??? hate this right now  crying 
it's the most simple & smallest things in life that make you realize what true happiness is & what really matters in life!! love 
"has found someone who can make me smile all day without even trying, can make me blush in an instant by saying something cute, & can turn nightmares into dreams love "
"i found out why opposites attract when i met you   it's because everything i'm not, you are, and the pieces fit together perfectly  love "
heading out!!! opening day love 
"and i’ll take off my halo, if you take off your wings you don’t have to be invincible cause i sure ain’t no saint you’ll always be my angel no matter what you do cause you take me to heaven just by being you  love "
"i slip, i trip, i stumble, i fall and normally i don't mind at all but now i don't know what to do because i slipped and tripped and fell in love with you  love "
"a picture is a memory you hold in your hand that will fade with time, a memory is a picture you hold in your heart & can treasure for the rest of your life! love "
"bowling tryouts tomorrow and thursday love \don't know how that's going to go   annoyed "
"wow, that's all i can say  not impressed with my bowling today  sad "
you may not be perfect but that doesn't mean your not perfect for me love 
everyday i'm learning more about who i am  i am seeing myself and others in a new light and today i have decided i  will not settle for less than i deserve love 
school then bowling love 
"oh wow, got a lot to do today   annoyed "
"finally has that one guy who always manages to make her smile, laugh and excited for what the future holds  wink "
"sometimes when you're in love with someone, you have to forgive them for all the weird and idiotic mistakes they make love "
homework time  annoyed 
"your looks caught my eye, your smile made my heart skip a beat, your hugs gave me butterflies  but you loving me? there are no words for my happiness smile  je t'aime love "
    my best friend is a guy  because they wont date your exs and they telll you exactly what they think  but the problem is   its hard not to fall for them  wink 
"no one is perfect, yet, when i look at you, all i see is pure perfection, i guess love is really blind    love "
"friendship is not about how often or how long you see each other  it's about being there, without being asked and having the much needed words for each other    love "
"when you're in love with someone, you can't e playful lain the how's and the why's to people, it's one of those when you know, you just know kinda things, and that's it for me! love "
"do i like the lonely feeling?\the aching pain no one can fix,\along with not knowing\how to help it without eating a twix \this is killing me because it's hard to swallow\and an undying lack of help \i wish i could follow\someone's footsteps and yelp\because i have no one to turn too\in this world of fear \i feel so blue\but no one will hear \me scream\because it's all just a dream \-amandaaaaaa!"
"i don't know where i stand with you, i really don't know what i mean to you,  all i know is that every time i think of you all i wanna do is be with you! love "
wowwww  crying 
"i've been gone for weeks, i ain't slept in days i can't find myself in this self-made maze it's been so long since i've been fine i'm just trying to see the bottom of this bottle of wine and i know i'll see better days well i know you'll see things my way   "
"baby, i like it love "
"i am myself and who i want to be  i am not what others want me to be or what some people see  i may not be perfect for you, but at the moment i am me!  smile "
ugggggggggh  crying 
another boring day   
"like this and i will tell you \why wats up\""  smile """
"\   you ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with them you meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em got that warm fuzzy feeling yeah them chills used to get 'em now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em   \"""""
"you can always hold back the tears and keep yourself sane- until someone asks if you're okay, that is   crying "
"is trying to be strong right now, but it's not the easiest thing in the world  i hate this feeling and want it to just be the way it used to be  i miss it   annoyed "
"\   you ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with them you meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em got that warm fuzzy feeling yeah them chills used to get 'em now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em   \"""""
"i put a smile on my face when i'm really falling apart on the inside  i say i'm fine when i'm really saying  no, i'm not  i'm just a really good liar   sad "
"i've got a head full of stress, a heart full of pain, a hand full of anger found in my chest  yeah i'm smiling but inside i'm dying   "
"i am who i am  i won't change for anyone  i like the truth and speak the truth  if it bothers you, don't listen   smile "
"don't tell me you love me, cuz love's one thing that i cannot do and it's the only thing that i can't give to you   "
what do you do when everything you ever cared about has been torn away?  crying 
"it's not a matter of how much more i can take, i've had all that i can take   now its a matter of how much more i will put up with   sad "
"how come i am always the one to lend a shoulder to cry on, an ear to listen and a pair of arms to hug someone when they're sad, but no one ever does it for me?"
"i've got a head full of stress, a heart full of pain, a hand full of anger found in my chest  yeah i'm smiling but inside i'm dying   "
bowled my highest game today  laugh  it felt good  and to think i wasn't going to go bowling until someone asked me  smile  love 
"i was using stars to name how many things i love about you, then i ran outta stars love "
"i love your voice and the way we talk, your smile makes me smile, and your hugs make me feel like i am flying, when we touch it feels like these no tomorrow! love "
love is about taking chances and sometimes losing things but if it's right you'll end up with more than you started with 
"life is like baseball; sometimes we strike out, once in a while we steal a base and in a rare moment we hit a grand slam!  it's how we play the game that counts"
"i love your hair, i love your style, i love the way you make me smile, what can i say? you're one of a kind, and 24 7, you're on my mind  smile "
"i want to be the girl u laugh with, the one you cry with, the one that's always there for you, the one who cares, i want to be yours love "
"you think i love you, you think i'm crazy about you, you think i want to kiss you, weellllllll, i like the way you think  wink  love "
"i was using stars to name how many things i love about you, then i ran outta stars?"
no school tomorrow love   smile 
"i have to keep trying with you, because the truth is, whenever i see you smile, it makes me forget whatever i'm saying and whatever i'm thinking  love "
"if it looks good, you'll see it, if it sounds good, you'll hear it, if its marketed right, you'll buy it, but  if it's real, you'll feel it "
"ohh man, that really ruined my day completely  crying "
love is like a <propfemale>  you know that reaching it is impossible but you keep reaching hoping that one day it will fall for you love 
you make me laugh  you make me cry  you pick me up when i am down  you never judge me  you always love me and i will always do the same for you   smile 
"always remember, i'll always be there to pick you up when you fall   but if i can't   then i'll just lie down beside you  smile "
my first bowling tourney this weekend   smile  this is going to be fun  smile 
"i have fought a good fight, i have finished my course, i have kept my faith: henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all then also that love is appearing  - ii <propfirst> 4:7-8"
"you make my heart skip a beat, tie it into my chest, make me loose my breath, make me feel like a kid, and yet when i try to fight it, you do it all over again   love "
if a <propfemale> fell each time i thought about you then the <propfemale> would truly realize what loneliness is really like  love 
"you came into my life and you brightened up my world  you drive me insane but i wouldn't want it any other way, i'd rather be crazy if i'd never have met you  love "
yeah i talk to other guys  yeah i laugh with other guys  yeah i hug other guys  but none of them will ever mean as much to me as you do 
when you wake up in the morning sometimes you know that it is going to be a good day because you wake up thinking about the person that makes you smile   smile 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they were left off, even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are!! <propfemale> christmas!"
"i could describe you in a thousand words, that would take too long, so i'll use just one   perfect  wink   love "
"please give me, lord, eyes to see your star   ears to hear the angels' glad hosannas   hands to lay the meager treasures of my life at your feet   and lips to sing, like a modern-day shepherd, praises to my savior and <propmale>!"
"and i just can't keep livin' this way so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage  i'm standing up, imma face my demons  i'm manning up, imma hold my ground  i've had enough, now i'm so fed up  time to put my life back together right now!"
i make no excuses for who i am and you either like me for who i am or don't; either way i will be fine 
"a smile shows what is in a persons eyes and eyes are the window to the heart, the heart is the window to the soul, always look before you give your heart away "
ipod touches are amazing! love 
"i'm sorry i'm bad, i'm sorry you're blue, i'm sorry about all things i said to you\and i know i can't take it back    "
"1st person to like my status - you can pick my profile picture for 4 hours  2nd person - your last name will be mine for 1 week  3rd person - can dare me to do one thing  4th - i'll say i'm married to you for a week  5th - i'll write on your wall \i love you\"" 6th person - i will answer a question for you  put this as your status"""
"seriously, could today be any worse?  sad "
realized today that i have no one willing to try and hold me together  i guess i will have to remember that when everyone else is falling apart   heart-broken 
"every day it gets harder and harder to fake that smile it gets harder and harder to fake that laugh, and it gets harder and harder to hide how i feel from you  "
maybe i look happy but if you cared enough to take one second to ask then you would know how i really feel and how complicated things have become  crying 
"maybe meeting you wasn't accidental, maybe it wasn't a mistake, maybe it was <propfemale>, maybe it meant something  love "
\across the oceans and over the skies,\f56093742a038c70eceec53ece367ce2,"never say goodbye when you still want to try \never give up when you still feel you can take it \never say you don't love a person when you can't let go  love "
"put this as your status and see what color you get( annoyed pink: you're cute \green: you're funny \white: i used to like you  heart-broken \         yellow: you're amazing \      black: i miss you \blue: friends forever! \purple: you're hot  wink \brown: you're sweet \grey: you're an idiot, but i love you   smile "
it's not that what i'm seeing is not real  it just ain't as real as it seems  -1408 love 
"when i hear your voice i can't stop smiling, when i see your picture i feel the butterflies, and when i'm with you i feel    well there no word that can e playful ress that feeling love "
"a guy and a girl can be best friends but eventually one is gonna fall in love with the other, maybe too early, maybe too late, or maybe just maybe at the perfect time (forever)! love "
what a great day smile  ily!
"let's see how creative my face book friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of **your first** name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's no fun "
"sometimes, when you imagine a perfect guy, you realize you've described a person you've known forever  love "
"i'm falling apart, i'm barely breathing, with a broken heart that's still beating  but still your name holds so much meaning "
"judge me\i'll prove you wrong\tell me what to do\i'll tell you off\screw me over\ i'll screw you twice as bad\but earn my love and\learn i'm worth it love "
"i'm addicted to the pain, the stress the drama i'm drawn to shit so i guess i'm a mess cursed and blessed but this time imma ain't changing my mind i'm climbing out this abyss"
you screaming as i walk out that i'll be missed but when you spoke to people who meant the most to you you left me off your list
"it's amazing how you can mean so much to someone one day, and the next it's like you never even existed to them  heart-broken   crying   why?"
first match went well   smile 
life would be a lot easier if people would just say what they mean & mean what they say!
"if your alone, i'll be your shadow   if you want to cry, i'll be your shoulder  if you want a hug, i'll be your pillow  but anytime you need a friend, i'll just be me "
"i am who i am, i say what i say, i wear what i wear, i do what i do   if you don't like it then stop pretending to be my friend!!"
"one day you're going to wake up and realize how much i really cared, & that will be the same day that i wake up to someone who already knew "
"no apologies, nah suckers i'm not sorry you can all <propfemale> me, y'all could be the cause of me no apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me no remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me"
"i'd catch a grenade for ya throw my hand on a blade for ya i'd jump in front of a train for ya you know i'd do anything for ya i would go through all this pain take a bullet straight through my brain yes, i would die for you, baby but you won't do the same"
"sweet girls come from the south, barbies come from ca, but us michigan girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can drive in the snow, handle the cold, beat the heat, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook and drink with the boys! we can cook a wicked good meal   and if we have an opinion    you can bet you're butt you're gonna hear it! post if you're a michigan girl! ???"
"never love if you're not prepared to be hurt, never start if you don't intend to finish, never speak if you don't mean it & never say i love you if you don't feel it "
"--i thought i knew what love was, and then i met you love "
"i didn't fall in love with you once or twice, but i fall in love every time i see you "
"*if i saw a shooting <propfemale>, i wouldn't make a wish, because i already have you & baby you're a wish come true!*  love "
if i'm not back in five minutes   wait longer  - <propmale> carrey  love 
"when ever i am down, you always know how to make me happy when ever i am sad, you know exactly what to do  i could never love someone as much as i love you  love "
believes with all her heart that life's pitfalls and broken promises were simply my path to you   smile 
i wish you could see yourself through my eyes and see and feel the way i do about you! love 
you make me laugh  you make me cry  you pick me up when i am down  you never judge me  you always love me and i will always do the same for you 
okay studing  (check!) lmao  i'm soooo tired of studying!! can't wait until this week is over!  smile 
"okay so studing for geometry isn't easy! i'm failing that exam tomorrow, but i think i'm okay with it  smile "
"the thought of you puts a smile on my face, seeing you makes my heart race  you light up my life like the stars illuminate space   love "
"i am addicted to your smile, your touch, your laugh, hell, who i am kidding i am addicted to everything about you   love "
"once in a lifetime you meet a person who takes your breathe away  not because you want them to, but because they're meant to be  love "
"i'd catch a grenade for ya throw my hand on a blade for ya i'd jump in front of a train for ya you know i'd do anything for ya i would go through all this pain take a bullet straight through my brain yes, i would die for you, baby but you won't do the same"
i miss you cupcake  sad 
"you're the blue to my <propfirst>, you're the sun to my shine, your the apple to my pie  you're my guy!  love   smile "
"there are not enough grains of sand, stars in the sky and drops the water combined to make up for how many times i've thought of you!  love "
the simplest glance  the sweetest smile  the softest words  these are the thing you do that i will never forget! you mean the world to me   love 
"thought i missed you, then i woke up and realized the earth was still turning \i guess my world doesn't revolve around you after all "
"and we all shine on, like the <propfemale> and the stars and the sun    -<propfirst> lennon"
"the hardest thing is to be yourself in a world that is trying it's best, day and night, to make you like everyone else   -e e  cummings"
"wow, i hate my back!  sad "
"you're my love, the one i can't live without, the one i think about all the time and can't seem to get you off my mind   love "
describing how i feel when i'm with you is like trying to describe how water tastes; completely impossible   smile 
when i am missing you i think of the spaces between my fingers and how your fingers fit perfectly there     smile 
woo!! i'm happy school's already closed for tomorrow!  smile 
i'm simply on reserve for the one that has my heart   smile   love 
60 days! love 
another snow day tomorrow  laugh 
"because you're sweet, goofy, cute, and awesome   smile  love "
remember when    like this and i might tell you  smile 
"if the wind blows east will you follow me, and if the wind blows north will you stay your course, and if the wind blows west will you second guess, and if it blows south will you count me out? and if they sun dont shine will you still be mine, and if the sky turns grey will you walk away? -kid rock"
when i am missing you i think of the spaces between my fingers and how your fingers fit perfectly there    love 
56 days love 
"i hate not being able to talk  its only been one day and i'm going crazy  uggggh, its going to be a long week  sad "
"life's not about finding someone you can live with, it's about finding someone you can't live without!  love "
lets go steelers! love 
53 days!! love 
"love me without fear, trust me without restriction, want me without demand, accept me how i am  love "
i know i mess up a lot but i'm glad to see that you still love me either way and that makes me love you even more love 
"has anyone ever given you butterflies you can't hold back, smiles you can't resist and hugs you always miss?  love "
"when i meet you, i was scared to like you, when i liked you, i was scared to love you, now i love you, i'm scared to lose you' love "
you ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with them you meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em got that warm fuzzy feeling yeah them chills used to get 'em now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em love 
okay so team bonding was the best!  laugh 
"sometimes the footprints someone leaves in your heart are a one way street, and you don't mean nearly as much to them as they do to you "
i've loved you since the first time i saw you and the feelings just keeps getting stronger 
"if a <propfemale> fell from the sky for everytime i thought of you, there'd be no <propfemale>s left  smile  love "
"i have made a lot of mistakes in my life, a lot i wish i could re-do, but this one turned into a miracle and i would never change us  i love you baby! love "
"i have my days, i'm moody, i have an attitude, i'm prissy, i'm lazy, i'm cute, i'm fun, i'm awesome, but most importantly, i'm me  love "
you're the biggest change in my entire life and you're the most wonderful change in my life    you're everything i've been looking and searching for   i love you  love 
"you give me those butterflies  looking in your eyes, i see someone who loves me for all my flaws  i see the most amazing person to ever come into my life!"
the greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all of your mistakes and weaknesses and still finds you completely amazing and will never walk away   love 
"i've learned that, if you truly love someone, your love for that person is greater than any distance big or small   love "
mint chocolate chip ice cream =  love   smile 
30 days love 
"a deeper kinda love has no borderlines no ties a deeper \kinda love can bring you down or lift you up so high a phoenix starts to rise \from the ashes inside my soul   ?"
"hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned  w b  yeats"
go to your profile  the first 5 friends in your sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you? <propfemale> sky kipper <propfemale> hass <propfirst> labor <propfemale> muntz and <propfemale> peruski 
"my heart breaks a little every time i think of you  why aren't you with me? oh yeah that's right, it's because you don't care   heart-broken   "
"words are like knives  you may not know it, but you can really hurt someone and you can't take it back  you can only wait for them to heal, if they do "
"softball is slightly kicking my ass right now, but hey, its all about the love of the sport right?  smile ?"
i will stand by you i will help you through when you've done all you can do and you can't cope i will dry your eyes i will fight your fight i will hold you tight and i won't let go   
i walk down memory <propfirst> because i love running into you?
"hates being sick, cuz now i can't go to practice tonight  crying "
"between the last two days i slept 27 1 2 hours, damn that's a long time, jeez i hate being sick!!"
mom's making my favorite dinner!!  laugh 
remember me? i once meant everything to you    
"can't you see he's the man, let me hear you applaud, he is more than a man he's a shiny <propfemale> god "
"i'm not giving up on a <propmale> at love, i'm just realizing that your \love\"" isn't worth fighting & begging for your attention so good bye & have a good life!"""
