60967d4c320e6e27a09693527c89777d
"i hold it up and show my buddies like we ain't scared an our boots ain't muddy, but no one laughs, 'cuz there ain't nothin' funny when a soldier cries "
"kolden: yo, you can't have your cake and eat it too "
you know you're having a good time when your father feels obligated to vacuum up your chalk dust   smile 
"drink up, baby, look at the stars  i'll kiss you again, between the bars "
"oh, i have a date with garneau  drawing, who wants to keep me company? love \\719-640-0598"
"come on in, boy, sit right down and tell me 'bout yourself  you like my daughter, do you now? yeah, we think she's somethin' else  she's a daddy's girl, her momma's world, she deserves respect that's what she'll get, ain't it, son?"
"i love pastels, but they irritate me so  my bed is completely colorful now, but i seem to be making progress  someone keep me company?  love "
"mm, peircin' later? rys the hardass is comin with me, for sure   smile  this'll be a lot of fun  text me?"
loves her bigbrother 
chiefs are 'pretty much screwed ' aha lame 
i get two needles today  lucky me 
"to all of you who wasted my time pretending to be my pal, i'm over it  i'm here to build my future, and you sure as shit ain't goin' nowhere  quit wasting my time  after all, birds of a feather flock together  go be losers together somewhere far, far away from me  thanks smile "
"you're a parasite, and that's all you'll ever be  i may be happy, for a while, but you're killin' me, darlin' "
"hey, get the hell outta the way  you're blocking the path for people who are actually getting somewhere in life  good luck being a transient "
"i am waiting for that sense of relief-i am waiting for you to flee the scene  as if you held in your hand the smoking gun, and on the floor lay the one you said you loved "
the heart wants what the heart wants  don't be a hater 
"pain fills your heart to the ground, love turns the whole thing around "
"just threw up- a lot  i'm dizzy and it sucks  time for a shower     thanks, kolten <propfirst> for making me puke my heart out!"
gonna run till i puke!!
i can't even count on my left hand how many people from falcon i'm going to make an effort to keep in touch with after i graduate  i don't need shit from anyone as long as i have my education  no one does!  smile 
"just a thought- if you're constantly looking at your friends as 'fake,' maybe you aughta look at yourself before you look at everyone else? be as genuine as you can be and the rest will follow \10am tomorrow, i'm working my ass off   love "
"just worked my butt off with <propmale>, now we're leaving \\dad"," do i need to look presentable? because i look like i just ran a marathon \""\"60967d4c320e6e27a09693527c89777d,forgiveness is fickle when trust is a chore 
"trey: we're gonna run up pikes peak!\me: then run down, and we'll be in nebraska!\trey: because nebraska is totally on the other side of pikes peak \your geography skills are kinda fucked up   love "
i am never scantly clad 
"c'mon, get cold  <propfemale> creek already has tomorrow off!  playful "
"worked my butt off at peterson, now i'm left wondering where i'll be in 5 months when you're gone and off to better things  let's turn this shit-mood into artwork   love "
"people never change, they just become more of who they truly are "
someone should tell fergie she can't sing a note 
"running tomorrow? i think so  you need to keep me on track, <propmale> pelton  how will i survive without you? i probably won't  smile )"
"so <propmale> pelton and i are jogging like normal, and he trips me onto my face, into a snowpile  kinda like that time you ate shit at peterson, huh, <propmale>?  wink  hahaha "
i am addicted to running 
\overzealous is good  like overzealous gay people  like," that guy who made his grandmother a sequined mask for the lady gaga concert \""\"60967d4c320e6e27a09693527c89777d,one of those days where just the thing i need is to blast music and dance around my room in boxers   smile  running with trey'f later 
"stump, stick, stump, stone, stump  wind sprints designated with debris are the best "
and then i hated everyone 
"be careful of what you set your mind on, because it will surely be yours "
"five down for concentration, seven to go  ow ow   laugh "
"i am happy  'cizin tomorrow with treyf, and then <propmale> "
"goodbye <propmale>   love  you were my favorite piercing, you were my only piercing    or perhaps i can find something to put in there before it closes? hm "
pain is only weakness leaving the body 
"mm, wouldn't it be nice if i could see koltrain, treyf, and my girlfriend this weekend?  love  my house smells like sin because my dad thinks all turpentine works the same  it does- but sometimes industrial sized cans of liquid acid from the big r aren't necessary "
"if it's a friend you need, let it be me "
tonight i'm swimmin' to my favorite island 
you know you're a slacker when you put a damn crab picture off for over three weeks  my plans for spring break? kick <propmale> in the ass and get things done   smile 
my name is <propfemale> and i leave my facebook up all the time on everyones computer  bahahaha!
"you're sheep, and that's all  the question is, who's followin' who in your little group?  smile  time to sleep, then kill brain cells with turpentine "
"\i'm feelin' pretty gross \""\",60967d4c320e6e27a09693527c89777d,buying <propmale> supplies is totrure 
no phone- dropped it in a bowl of cereal   playful 
"\my dad says hello \""\",60967d4c320e6e27a09693527c89777d,"i'm a busy, busy <propfemale> "
i am inspired 
"when all the hard times outweigh the good, and all your words are misunderstood, when the day is lost to the stars, you must follow your heart "
i love finding 'surprises' with <propfirst> hill   
"see, i've been known to fall in love, but sometimes love is just not enough "
"if someone talks behind your back, it's because you're ahead of them "
meh  truth is?------> like!
"we're all happy maryssa nicklas is alive  let's put aside the drama, and forget those who wish ill  if you want to know what happened, come to me, or her  everyone else is going off of rumors  and let's not forget those who have fun making things up  shame on you "
"\stop being fat \"" -trey \",45aead7540d322d9357c98f146c9b8e6,happy new year every one 
