0915e0e6257f657a5d67a67768efeba3
wants to study gypsie curses now
"in honor of the 50% of americans who can't thrive in their own culture, i'm declaring this month national introvert awareness month"
recognizing national human traficking day
i thoroughly regret downloading the force fed integrity remix of spineshank's height of callousness
there's an empty hole in my soul where policy debate used to be    what shall i do with all this unnecessary freetime?
sat's tomorrow    boo!
just died from sat poisoning  sad 
hates everything about daylight's wasting time
"feels sick, but apparently everyone else does too "
just went on a three-game winning streak without really trying    this chess tournament better get harder tomorrow 
"the chess tournament did get harder    i lost    yay? well, 9th place out ofd 64 people is still pretty good "
smells like cookies
off to visit colleges tomorrow  sad 
"liked the curriculum of university of rochester, but not much else (including the difficulty to get in price tag)"
not sure what i'm thinking about i got soul doubt
will burn your cities down
don't feed the bears or the bears will feed on you!
"won $200 at a chess tournament, but i had to make an elementary school student cry to do so "
unless there is no me they both e playful lode
"if you see me please just walk on by, walk on by, forget my name and i'll forget it to"
one must cease letting one's self be eaten when one tastes best
i'm so sick of all these people but i'm scared to be alone
you need a miracle
"won two games, lost two games, and <propfirst> one games  that makes me average?"
thinks we are both suffering from the same crushing metaphysical crisis 
going to see his cousin get married
i can never be your god and i don't even think i want the job anymore
wants to know why silent civilian's album came out before spineshank's when silent civilian is <propfirst> <propfirst>' second band  not that i have much to complain about 
the last one standing is me
i'm gonna laugh when i'm buried alive
needs to get knives out of his head so that he can focus on studying for finals 
"never has to take another latin class again ever! goodbye, ani!"
i'm the number that isn't equal to any of you
the act wasn't nearly as painful and tedious as the sat  smile 
we're taking back our broken dreams
silent civilian was amazing!!!!!!!
show me how you hate me now
going to canada to look at sand and then michigan to get better at debate without ever coming home until august 6th  annoyed 
finally managed to obtain internet  now i just need to fix the satellite dish and build a cellphone tower 
"someone hear me please, all i see is sand, i can hardly breathe and i can hardly take it"
"thinks toy story 3 was overrated, but stil a good movie "
is having trouble tolerating this insane canadian heat
thinks the a-team is a cool movie
kill the lights and play that record backward
lebron left <propmale>  get over it 
finally out of canada and into michigan! go debate camp!!!!!!
"ome of these feminist articles are really stupid, but others are really smart  interesting   "
fem k is the only critique being used at this camp  why??????????????
death rides a pale horse beside me
this drones aff is so good i'm convinced it has to somehow be cheating   
"actually managed to convince someone that paramore is a death metal band  laugh  also, i went 1-3 on my first debate tournament on the topic  sad "
justice!!!!!!!
"i want to see countdown to zero more than i want to see inception  does that make me a nerd? actually, don't answer that question "
i was never a white picket fence
did not have fun at fun time
my sorrow turns to hatred
went 0-3 at the first day of the tournament! woohoo! improvement's practically guaranteed!
"ended up winning 3 out of 7 rounds  that's better than i normally do, so i'd say i improved "
went to spartan debate camp for 4 weeks without hearing a single 300 reference
"saying \where are the women?\"" sounds more like you're looking for hookers than solving patriarchy """
"paramore did good last night, but 2 hours was a bit long "
just got his wisdom teeth removed  why?????
is visiting colleges west of where he lives  currently at depaul 
back from visiting colleges  now for that 100 pages of ap chemistry i have to read and understand before monday! woohoo! i'm loving my senior year already!
"school has started, but debate hasn't  is that even legal?"
another victim is a rat on a sinking ship
<propfirst> pilgrim versus the world was a disappointing movie  how did it get an 81% on rotten tomatoes?
"starting today, people will die until debate practice begins "
whooooo!!!! debate starts tomorrow!!!! hellz yeah!!!!
spineshank and knives out have both taken far too long to release their new albums   
"the chorus of dog fashion disco's \rat on a sinking ship\"" was playing through my head the entire time i was watching ponyo"""
is turning tricks while hell is burning
finds that he doesn't mind school as much when he has semi-likeable classes (and debate)
"was finally reunited with the nietzsche file he used, like, three times last year! woohoo!"
destruction: for me it's fun!
is already tired of having to tell people that he's taking ap chemistry when they ask why he's taking a sophomore course
"did not get killed by a guy wearing a trash bag over his head on the drive back home from seeing \let me in\"" (which is the best movie he has seen all year)"""
just realized that the comedian from the watchmen is supposed to be a caricature of nietzsce's amor fati beliefs
the sat is easier if you actually do the online prep instead of just telling your mom you did 
"for coming out day, some news reporters accosted me while i was visiting denison and asked me what i thought of co-ed dorms (not floors, actual dorms), which is apparently an issue of concern for gays  so, now my opinion might be on the news just because i visited a college!"
is psyched for the debate tournament tomorrow! woohoo!
"broke for the first time at a debate tournament  i lost in the quarter finals, but hey  i did good "
"machine of death, despite being independently published, managed to be the number one bestseller on amazon com for a day  and i brought machine of death on that day! woohoo! i helped!"
"got first place in a debate tournament for the first time in his life  granted, it was a district tournament and the other team didn't show up for one of the rounds, but hey  a win's a win "
"i've applied to college, now all i need is for my senior year to roll over and die!"
it's fine if you can't define all the reasons for losing your mind
wishes colleges he has showed absolutely no interest in would stop sending him application deadline reminders
telling time is hard when it rewinds
"i can handle anything, even if i can't handle you"
the room made my entire life worth living
"after spending a day at school without my ipod, i am curious as to how past generations survived without the device"
"went 2-4 at his first national circuit debate tournament, despite the handicap of being partnered with a novice "
"resents his parents for taking him to see \love and other drugs\"""""
"spineshank says they're on their last show of the year, does that mean they're actually gonna release their album early 2010 release date? oh wait   "
"so, tomorrow, i only have one class, but less free time than i normally have  yay   "
"first day of intensives wasn't as bad as i thought it would be, but only because i thought it would be awful  at least i don't have much homework "
"never mind, i have a ton of homework today  playful "
"sometimes, you gotta look at yourself, see the world inside out, and scream it out loud"
"somehow, i managed to survive a whole week of intensives  only two more to go "
"for some reason, more people post on my wall for my fake birthday than my real birthday"
is 18 now  thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"i am the ocean, i am the sea  there is a world inside of me "
that's the second time i've lost to the security k in a quarter final round   
it's also the second time at a state tournament that my only loss in the prelim rounds has been against the team that gets first place  playful 
got deferred by beloit   
"let's start the big event\10 seconds of blind amusement\the public execution\so come on lets all feel the hate\i feel it    yeah!\but i'm coming back for more"
my record at bowling just increased by 20 points (to 168 from 14 smile   laugh 
now we're drooling to tear you apart
"alright, obama  you've passed start  now hurry and come up with something else important to put on your agenda that i can make a politics disad out of d:<"
"i stopped paying attention to my other presents after i received let the right one in  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  <propfemale> christmas, y'all!"
"i'm not a robot, but i've got a mechanical hand  i can steal the stars and put them back again "
black swan = scariest movie i have seen in a looooooooong time
"grinnell, why you have to assign such a hard supplement? i'm starting to think you don't want people to apply "
has now gotten accepted to both allegheny and ohio wesleyan university
"dear district,\you need more than four policy debate teams \sincerely,\a concerned citizen\p s \thanks for the first place trophy "
finally done with college apps
now it's butcher time
"has safely landed in atlantis, <propfemale>"
went 2-4 his first time going varsity at a national circuit tournament
hooray for missing the flight back to ohio!
got accepted into earlham (which was tied for my first choice college)  this makes up for missing my plane last night!
"start was officially signed yesterday, so now i don't have to worry about dying from accidental launch anymore"
just went an entire saturday without doing anything debate related  where did i go wrong?!
the sick knows no pain
got accepted to beloit  now i'm four for four in terms of college acceptance 
is totally gonna qualify for nationals
"with a 4-2 record, i am a first alternate for nationals  that's kind of cool "
got accepted to <propmale>!
"to be very clear, i got accepted to <propmale> college, not <propmale> university"
"while visiting ohio wesleyan university, i heard someone say, \i just don't understand this downgrade in the quantum mechanical physical realm \"" definitely the college for me """
now we're drooling to tear you apart
"dammit, i was looking forward to acting class today!\\jk, i'm enjoying the snow day  laugh "
"no strings attached was better than i e playful ected (which isn't saying very much, but   )"
taking ap chem = biggest mistake of my life
"today was my last debate practice ever  i am so sad  i am so very, very sad  sad "
"for my last state tournament, i got 2 bs judge decisions as opposed to the usual    zero    and didn't break because of it  cfls better be worth it "
"for some reason, i didn't have debate practice today "
going through debate withdrawl
<propmale>'s speech = average at best
studies have shown that daylight's wasting time can cause permanent brain damage  have fun  smile 
i dislike talking to people
"for senior skip day, i stayed at school and did my math homework  yay   "
got accepted to miami  i think i'll celebrate by not going there  party!!!!
"you know\you say that you'd be satisfied\but it's all right\the scream\it satisfies my ache\and it's all right"
"truth be told, i'm not in iowa to visit colleges  i'm just dumb enough to think i might get to meet a member of slipknot  wink "
would appreciate if some of these colleges would be less awesome  that would make my decision much easier 
i just donated money to help disaster relief in japan and now i feel slightly emptier inside  nietzschean for life  joyful 
behind our face we love to hate
"got waitlisted by denison and grinnell  while this is depressing, it means that no college has straight up rejected me  who's a sexy boss?"
keeps hurting his vocal chords while trying to learn to death growl  sad 
"alright, college! you don't scare me!"
"you know what, high school? i'm already into college  i shouldn't have to put up with your crap! and by that i mean ap chem "
"why are they doing this?\they said when you got here, the whole thing started \who are you?\what are you?\where did you come from?\i think you're the cause of all this \i think you're evil \evil!!!"
<propfirst> hsieh is sleeping with me  love 
embarrassingly went 2-4 at the state chess tournament  annoyed 
just heard my sister listening to spineshank  this world is full or surprises 
"for some reason, facebook won't let me change my notification settings  grrrrr!!!!"
"please understand these words annoyed you are nothing anymore"
my last friday that contains high school classes   
allegheny class of 2015!
just finished his sophomore community service requirements  joyful 
high school is dead!
"so now that bin laden's dead, let's spend the next ten years catching his successor  have fun, u s ! you will always be remembered in my heart as the empire that took way too long to accept that it died "
"you say i'm cold\but i'm just tired of you\you make me sick\sometimes it seems i can't break you\now that you're gone\i can't be happy again"
"dear rise against,\for you, i spent two hours being lost, gave up my dignity, and inhaled more cigarette smoke than i cared to  but it was worth it cause your show was amazing!!!!"
