cdde1801f4100aea8b9818ffc88da34b
gonna have a great day and fuck all those fucks who want differently   =p
men are probably the dumbest beings in existence   almost makes me wish i had a vagina    but not really 
want to fuck this couple so much! omg! yes!
so sleepy  only seven and a half hours till my day begins anew  =p
hurray for management training!
so sleepy  =p
just got done playing three hours of bejeweled blitz   addicting!
off work early   going to a bbq   then gonna play some d&d   i r nerd!
d&d was bitchin but sooo tired   i have to wake up in seven hours and go to work    gross!
i don't need a man to make me happy  i can do it all myself 
getting stoned before work   hopefully i can be in bubble again!
and i say unto the one thing that will change your life forever! meow =p
and i say unto you  the one thing that will change your life forever! meow =p
went to the bar last night   couldn't enjoy though because i got sick   not booze sick but death sick   one of the longest nights of my life 
can't wait for gay camp tomorrow!
gay camp was fricken awesomeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!
played d&d   then <propmale> out with new gay friends   so tired and get to work very very soon  =p
can't wait to be management   so i can show these bitches what's up!
so sleepy
just wants to take a bullet to side of the head  fun day! haven't had one of these kinda days in forever 
i start management today bitches!  come in after two and see my sexy uniform of sexiness!
my world is a thing that no man seems to understand   hmmm their loss 
so sleepy   wish it would just rain 
i have never wanted what i feel 
i hate people more than anything and some more than others   why are people so fuckin stupid?
i don't want to wake in the morning
why am i so surprised  it never fails with people men   i'm looking for something that obviously doesn't exist in my world 
"i think, i have found him but i can't have him "
i die  if you only met my eyes before you pass by   will you pause to break my heart?
i want your love and i want your revenge   i want your love   i don't want to be friends   caught in a bad romance 
i want your love and i want your revenge   you and me could write a bad romance   i want your love and all your lover's revenge   you and me could write a bad romance 
my hair is pink again! fuck yeah!  can't wait to do yule!
got myself a boyfriend everyone   w00t
once again   i gots me a boyfriend   let's hope the third time is the charm 
well that was incredibly short lived! fuck men are stupid!
wish i would have known   that when i thought it was going to be a fantastic day   it would be blown up in my face   awesome 
worked my first grave last night   fuck i am tired  *yawn*
anyone want to nuzzle with me?
call 973-409-3274 to vote for the legalization of marijuana  obama said he would consider it with 1 million votes  press #
i fall asleep thinking of him and how i want to be in his arms 
only three hours of fun today!  yay   i want him more than anything 
"so let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really?? feel free to copy and paste if you agree "
camping for beltane   go spring!
another sunday of work done   i've said it before and i will say it again   i *ahem* fucking hate sundays!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
side note   i love lesbians   rock on girlfriends!
i hate that span of time   between eight and ten at night   especially nine to ten   i call it the magic hour   when either no body comes or everyone in poky feels the need for <propfirst> in the crack   *sigh* i don't even get a reach around 
"i can't wait to have him in my arms  finally a man who can understand me, and appreciate the random insanity that is my existence "
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear   while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence ?"
can't wait for my two week vacation   sick and tired of my rinse and repeat schedule 
"true friends can go long periods of time without\speaking and never question their friendship  they can pick up, like\they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been  \repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one of these special \friends  smile \  laugh  you people know who you are """
back to sleep    that is if i don't kill the fucking dog because she won't stop her whining 
i will become supreme overlord of all existence  muwahahahahahah *ahem* *hack* hahahahahahaha    i mean <propfemale> on 
off to work   only four hours and they were hours i picked up   laugh 
so sleepy   *yawn*  meow meow sleepy meow  *zzzzzzzzz*
i'm super thanks for asking   everythings super when you're gay!
i am so fucking bored  i could cry 
i now fall into a world of slumber and pray it embraces me   unlike last night     i will stab that sandman 
in bear lake with family   i will eat their souls!  muwhahahahahahaha 
sleep will be good tonight   of that i am finally sure 
just watched shrek forever after   cute as shit and you know what that means   i turned into a teary eyed little girl   *sigh*  =p
we iz going to play frizbee in the park!  yay
i sleep now   may it come swift and fuck let's face it   may it just fucking come 
in boise   their traffic wangs ass 
"havin a blast   of course, don't want to leave but life goes on    laugh "
home sigh   back to the ole grind 
well suppose i should go to bed 
work sucks ass   and not in the good homosexual way 
well time once again for a two hour nap   yay love waking up at random times and then not going back to sleep for hours 
less than eight hours is not enough time for your feet to rest   before doing another eight hour shift 
then this little fag took a nap  =p
good night world   i awake to yet another day of mindless labor 
sleep meow meow
i've already been to heaven   i've already been to heaven   i've already been to heaven   after five minutes i was like let's go 
texting my muffin face   like normal   ** somebody crazy things is just fun   i am a nerd and love it 
and now i die   goodbye world   sleep is most inviting 
"happy fourth of july!  unless you live in bear lake or idaho falls, idaho   who decided to celebrate it yesterday because they are backwoods retards   i mean lovely lds hipocrites   i mean i like the one's who are complete assholes and keep open-minds   they can stay  =p"
"~children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want -- to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a                  little extra help and understanding  every child is precious!"
goodnight world   lick my ass side  =p
it's saturday and we all know what that means   that's right <propfirst> works a 2-10 today   yay!  so slow it's like workin a sunday   *brains e playful lode onto screen*
omg so i got the schedule i asked for next week   haven't had that since i was crew  o o 7 8pm till 3am   *head splodes into <propfemale>*
woke up an hour early   tried to go back to sleep but the fucking dog upstairs   decided they wanted to bark for five minutes solid instead   shock surprise they are freaking out right now   bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark   i hate fucking dogs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sleep gooooooood
i got to sleep mow   wish i could lucid dream   that would rock  *sigh* no super wizard <propfirst> 
well everyone i do believe the third one is the charm  *eats his muffin with satisfaction*
wishes he was in boise   cuddling with his muffin 
goodbye weed   *sigh* i am gonna miss you friend 
i love workin my ass off and still having absolutely no money   it's fuckin awesome!
wishes the human race wasn't completely hopeless 
realized that i could kill somebody and no one would be the wiser   or even consider me    not that i ever would lol 
been up for 24hrs now   think i will be able to sleep   <propfemale> <propfemale> delirium = t<propfemale> fun 
wishes he was snuzzled up to his muffin   sleeping soundly and blissfully 
chocolate milk is my medicine   tastes so good i could commit murder   i mean    murder  =p
loves his muffin   tasty way to start any day  =p
"i hate dogs, if not for just these reasons   they bark, they yap, and they fucking howl   noisy obnoxious fucking creatures "
so i just watched this gay porn that has some guy in his mid-fourties   (that's right i like me some older bears)  on his right calf he has a tattoo of <propmale>   <propmale> is a pet gopher from a cartoon called <propfirst> possible   i used to watch this show as a teen   give you a hint of how old that show is   i found it both odd and hilarious 
done harrassing my <propfemale>  now it is time for sleeps yes 
cleaning the kitchen is fun   if you like crusted on nasty and shite loads of dishes 
get to work the other store tonight   can we say yay   not really but my hours would have been cut   wait that would mean a free day   sigh 
loves when people order a combo and then want a free sandwich with a coupon   ahem hey dumbass how about you read the coupon   does it say get a combo and you get a free sandwich   no! it says buy one sandwich and get another sandwich   hence by one get one   dildo douchebags 
gets to work four hours on a sunday  *puts gun to head slowly*
going to work yay   the fun never ends 
"needs a cuddle  side note* ding* thank you for choosing <propfirst> in the box   what can i get for you today  *insert four random girls laughter on top of one man's voice*  they need a minute  * laughter continues in my ear   it's loud, it's fucking obnoxious,  believe you me  i was mimicking it and wanting to choke the laugh right out of them "
bedtime for me peoples   must work at noon   yay! it's a noon-eight   i haven't worked one of those in so long   laugh 
which sailor scout would you be? -- my result: pretty soldier    sailor <propfemale>!  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 594560 referrals status?aid=509989792
off to work people   covering <propfirst> for four hours   this will put me at fourty-one hours this week 
almost time for work   yay   let's hope it goes well 
nap = good
got my new phone today fuck yeah! touch screen = fun
so realized that my job and i are in a loveless marriage 
night all   long day ahead of me  yet again   at least i didn't have to work until 6 am this time 
misses his jeddy bear muffin face 
i would like to say that   i don't play farmville   i keep it open so you have a person on your farm   so i will no longer be accepting app requests 
night to all
get to be up in four hours or so   yay payday friday   let's pray tomorrow has that special silver lining 
sigh things never seem to go my way 
so was supposed to be off at three but unfortunately for me   it was really fucking busy after three   in fact didn't get out of work until 4:45   so worked 7pm to 4:45   wouldn't have been so bad if i had not been up at 9:15 in the morning after going to bed at six from working the previous night   sleep will be hard and deep   laugh 
well surviving the zombie apocalypse is a bitch   silly dreams and the zombiness    i take those fuckers down  =p
zombie <propfirst> *rawwwwr*
a message to all the people who have fucked me at work but not showing up   fuck you guys   thanks for nothing assholes   i fucking appreciated working my hours and yours 
side note   i love talking in a demon voice 
well night everyone   now to actually sleep for   please work refrain from calling me 
can't wait for my four day weekend with my love muffin   and if this bullshit at work gets in the way of that   then may the flames of my vengenance rain upon the land 
"i don't hate my job by any means but i will have to say   i hate the graveyards though  didn't take me long to realize why i hated it in the first place   just keep chanting to myself   \half a month and you will be free   half a month and you will be free \""  i can't wait to be back to my old routine """
night all   today is the big day and my muffin will be here within twelve hours or so   *screams like a girl with glee*
there will come a day   somewhere far away   in your arms i'll stay   my only love   you've unlocked the deepest part of the secret in my heart   i've known it from the start   my only love  my only love 
"your phone numberis now on facebook!! no joke    go to the top right of your screen,click account then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen andclick phonebook  everyone's phone <propfirst> are now being published please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can   remove their <propfirst> by changing their privacy settings "
two to ten on a saturday   take out eight to ten and it would be a perfect day   can't wait to get my drink on   happy b-day christian!
national coming out day   all you homo's who are still hiding   come join the rest of your family!  we loves you!
is ready for work   thrilled for the day when i will be saying   just got off work and it will be anywhere from 6-8   *happy dance* *happy dance*
off to work! positive attitude   check   keys  check 
sigh   wishes when someone changes his schedule   they call him or text him   you all have my phone number   walked in to <propmale> being like your early and me lookin at him thinking   really?  i thought i was two minutes late   love walking fifteen minutes for nothing and being ready for three hours before my shift   lol still positive though!  i don't have to work till seven   laugh 
let's try this work thing again 
me? off before bar rush?  on a friday? *head e playful lodes into <propfemale>*  best payday friday ever!
"post this on your status if you know or love \someone who is gay  my wish for2010-2011 is that people will understand \that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are \not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights!! 93% won't copy \and paste this  will you?    make it your status for at least one hour \       ? promote love & acceptance not hate "
"it's almost the end of october and i could not be happier!  i can't wait to be off by, at most, eight pm "
can't wait for tonight!  doing something fun i have never tried and i am super excited 
last night was a blast!  wooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trying to find a place sucks   anyone know of a one bedroom   that allows small pets   isn't more than 325 a month and isn't forever away from <propfirst> in the box   keeping in <propfemale>d i must walk   25 <propfemale> walk would not kill  me and would be beneficial to the exercise regimen that i do not possess lol 
adventure time come on grab your friends   we'll go to very distant lands   with <propmale> the dog and finn the human   fun will never end   it's adventure time!
just like to say my neighbor is a crazy whore   and it is nigh impossible to find a place to live that is one bedroom and accepts pets 
lookin at a place today   let's hope it's awesome   realized laundry is going to be a bitch because it will involve a lot of walking  bus riding 
can't wait for the end of the month   to be out of this over-priced shithole and to finally be with my muffin   and the choir swells!
thought of an oxi-moron that suits me   a humanitarian that hates humanity   i care and love the nice people but the rest of you can suck my faggot ass 
good night world of facebook   i sleeps now 
back on swings   yay!  just one step closer to the day when i get the shifts i want   small but sure steps 
could really use a bowl right about now 
neighbor called the cops on me for doing laundry   what a dumb fucking ho   they have no right to tell me not to do my laundry   that's exactly what they told her 
night world   eight o' clock comes to quickly 
have a place to live! just have to magic two hundred dollars from my bunghole   this is a reservation fee   well actually it's the deposit 
so i didn't need to magic money from my bunghole   <propfirst> gave me two hundred dollars today   paying him back of course  i haves me a place to live   #7 which goes with heaven   which is where ever my jeddy bear muffin face is 
night world see you again at seven-thirty am 
another early morning thursday   it kicked ass last week   i will kick ass this week 
so today was more let's kick <propfirst>'s ass than let's kick some ass   odd day indeed 
anyone want to buy a mini-fridge for fourty dollars 
so my love won't be here at the end of the month   he will here around christmas   sad though   i will be alone in our place for almost a month   it can't come quick enough 
goodnight everyone time for me to sleep 
not looking forward to how slow work is going to be tomorrow   blizzard and oh yeah a manager meeting  there goes my labor   night all 
so was thrilled to work a noon to eight today   the schedule i would kill for   trust me if people had to die   there would be a blood bath   but no one was scheduled from eight to ten   so now work a two to ten   another slow and long day of hell for me yay!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours! fair is fair, play along )"
well don't have the u-haul until six like planned   it's two now   we have so much left undone!  goodbye facebook until internets return 
so found a dead cat under my fridge sunday night   not mine but the previous owner's   i have had two calls from my landlords   neither of which mentioned the dead cat   they got a lovely email from me today   also my cat chewed through my phone charger   life just keeps getting better   wooooooooooo!
wants to let everyone know   they should stop by <propfirst> some time   we love to serve and would love to see you   give unto me your moneys!
waiting to go to work   four to midnight today sigh   it's gonna be a bitch; to have to wake up at eight in the morning tomorrow for cableone and dish network installers 
yay! cableone guy came by took him only a couple of hours to install   good time considering he had to do it all from scratch   these apartments apparently don't believe in tv or internet 
was so fucking busy at work today   literally had my ass handed to me   ripped off and then slapped in my face 
wants to know what all these <propfirst> people keep spouting off are   i know they are people but how do you judge their number?
i can't wait   only one more week and i will be in the arms of my jeddy bear!  meow meow meow meow meow  love 
hates colds!  stuffy runny stufffy runny   hack hack hack   oh god my lung is on fire!!!!!!!!!!!!
wishes not for snow but rain   sweet beautiful rain!
two days till my jeddy bear muffin face is here   *squeals like a little girl  jumps up and down*
"just had missionaries show up at my door   lol  i was polite always am   was like sorry not for me boys   i didn't go into the homosexual, pot-smoking, and the whole i like to be able to make decisions for myself and live an oppressive life "
dreading the note i have to write to my neighbors that states basically   dear #6 could you please clean up the mass amounts of dog shit your monsters have left behind  i am sick of smelling it and sick of stepping in it 
less than 24 hrs people! eeeeeeeeeheeee heee heeeeeeeee
only a few more hours 
well my loves not here yet because the people that were supposed to drive the u-haul; didn't show up until 10:40 when they were supposed to be there at eight   sigh 
in bear lake with the fam and my jeddy muffin   fam loves him   told him there was nothing to worry about   love 
jesus may love you but the rest of us think you are an asshole 
is so tired he could die 
would like to say thank you 2010 for managing to continue fucking me in 2011   really you're a peach 
is your customer service god!  great fucking day at work   i just wish i had this schedule all the time   it would definately improve my mood and my work performance 
goodnight all   hopefully work will go by quickly tomorrow 
hates money!  i wish we never needed it 
loves paying taxes for snow removal employees; who don't do their jobs   thanks guys!
"working 11-6 today   it just goes to show with a little <propfemale>, some divine intervention and a shit load of pleading   the schedule you <propfemale> will be yours "
my cat is going to have kittens very soon   so if anyone wants an adorable <propfemale>   feel free to save me from this burden; given to me by my whore cat 
i wish everyone's debts could just be reset and we could all start from square one 
my lover is not here for hug a tall person day   i sad 
thank god this is the last opening sunday shift i have to work   gah i hate mornings 
idaho must be the slowest state when it comes to taxes   i will be a full month since they started processing my taxes in three days 
internet down at library   hopefully it should be good today 
"still no internets at home   sigh, i miss my web browsing "
my friends i have made my spiritual decision   i shall worship no god or goddess   no entity exists to me   i shall instead revere all that is light   i will embrace it and make it the better part of me   the road to a brighter future is in store for me   i can feel it 
hope tomorrow goes better than today   never thought ten hours of work could fly by so quickly 
i'll tell you what   getting food out in under four minutes is a fucking bitch 
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you? i will have <propfemale> <propfemale> burrup, <propfemale> tallent, christian evans, <propfirst> varas, and <propmale> vanorden   i feel we will not be eaten alive   also that the undead will become very dead, very quickly "
hate working later in the day   i spend all day waiting to go to work   the longer i wait; the less likely i want to go and be there   sigh   damn you fridays!
has had a killer work day   i will be become a burger god!  i want my store to be the best damn store ever   please support your local <propfirst> in the box; located on 4th and center   good food and great service is how we bitches roll!
time at the library is done   maybe a nap 
"my mom made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong and drove me a little crazy at times  but moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you have or ever had a wonderful mom you love "
i will have internet at home again on thursday!  dear god thank you!
yeah internets!  this is the first time i have gotten on 
work at nine tomorrow   at least i am off at five 
