70635ab421141c61be08c4416a875aa2
i luv not having to go to school for 3 days! (not intending to brag i'm just happy)
i'll be ur friend again but don't u dare touch my hair (sorry i haven't been able to answer my internet card went over my limit so i can't go back on till thurs )
driving for 8 hours    that sounds so boring   
i love snow! i am so happy it snowed!
i finally got my christmas tree today i can't wait 2 decorate it!
it's a brand new year  whatever  it's just another day  your no different today then you were yesterday except you maybe very hungover  (like me  wink )
just doing my history project that's due tomorrow  playful  at least i'll be done with it wo i won't have 2 do it later
i don't want to go to school tomorrow  sad 
i lost power on my birthday and i still don't have it back but i like missing school  wink 
the sunset was pretty and the darkness tonight is calming  especially after a long day of cooking
pizza for dinner again  i think i'm going to be sick  playful 
thank god tomorrow is friday!!!!!!
i have the hiccups  playful 
i'm thinking about making cookies today to bring in tomorrow   mmm   cookies 
stupid projects due on the same day  can teachers do anything right for once!?!
williamsburg tomorrow! i can't wait! party! party! party!
i'm hi on gummy worms
"my heart aches but i don't know why, my mind is distracted but i can't tell you why, i'm just glad i don't have to focus anymore because i wouldn't be able to no matter how hard i tried  what mess have i gotten myself into now?"
i lost horseshoes to a blind person!! smile 
busy busy summer  can't get a break
"i leave for europe tomorrow    i'll miss u all!!!! well, most of u     smile "
back in <propfemale>  so nice to be home again
dang jet lag  i was up at 5am and couldn't go back to sleep  grrr   
hangin' out with <propfemale> and <propfemale> today  can't wait 2 see my old friends again!!!
school schedules suck can't our school do anything right? i mean come on! name something they did right! if you can   
"if you believe in jesus christ put this on yourwall  don't just ignore this because in the bible it says that if you deny him, he will deny youin front of his father in the gates of heaven  this is the simplest test ; if you love god and you are not ashamed then copy this and post  "
hey! what's up everyone? i've finally begun uploading my pictures from europe to facebook  the first 150 photos are up so check them out 
cabin tomorrow! can't wait! i'm not gonna get any sleep or any work done 4 the next 3 days   
the first day is done    199 to go    someone end the boredom please 
college starts in 2 weeks  i can't believe it! but i'm pretty nervous   
"i wish some charming, handsome <propmale> would take me away   "
you know what? gravity sucks! i wanna fly   
i got an email from my friend in germany! i'm so happy to hear from her again! i miss her and her family so much!!!!
i'm so sick of this thing called my brother  does anybody want him? i'll give u $20 bucks to take him away!
my dad bought another car    this makes 7 cars    again    at least this new car looks cool and we should be getting rid of a less cool looking car
i'm so happy! i got a 4 on my first ap biology test! (in ccs grades it's an 86)  smile 
i think everyone had a bad day  today just really sucked
"\your very unforgiving of the people you hate \""\",70635ab421141c61be08c4416a875aa2,[poke]me if youever had a crush on me       [like] this status if you think im a goodfriend      [message] me me if you ever wanted to date me     [comment] if we ever had any good memories together  now lets see whosbrave enough to copy this into their status : )
i hate this school    to much work i just can't do and i'm trying 2 be here there everywhere and i just don't have enough time and strength to be everywhere  why is the graduation project so much to do? why is my teacher having something due the weekend after i spend my last few days with one of my closest friends who i won't see again for a really long time? why can't somebody just realize i can't do everything?
why are people mean?
i love my college professor she is so awesome and sooooooo much better than miss whisler
going 2 <propfirst>'s!!!! party for 4 days wooooo!
i love u <propfirst>!!!!! i will miss u so much!!!!!!!!! i can't wait to see u again!
i didn't miss being back in school   
daddy says i can make bread! yay!
it's not fair
my daddy is gonna let me try to make spaghetti sauce soon   smile  <propfirst> happy!
"finally done those psats for good! now i get to cook today  making raspberry pie, applesauce bread, and spaghetti sauce   mama mia it's a busy day  \but it's an awesome kinda busy  smile "
october 10th  that date will always haunt me  i guess since god knew i already had enough sad days he would just pile up on the one's that were already sad 
college tonight    i love the class but i have no time to rest at home tonight   
"nothing going on tonight, just the way i like it"
"<propfemale> coming over tonight, sweet!"
fun day with my friends  smile 
"just another boring monday    ugh, friday can never come fast enough"
mint chocolate chip ice cream sounds really good right now   
"my daddy's buying me ingredients to make\1)pumpkin pie\2)dutch apples\i'm a cookin' maniac lately  smile "
my brother's having friends over    i'm severely outnumbered  oh great     sad 
today will be a peaceful day just as soon as all these brats leave my house!
i just gave blood tonight   feeling pretty good 
finally home    thank god for weekends!!!!!!
finally i get a break tonight  dinner is gonna be good tonight  my daddy is making chicken i'll be making mashed potatoes and whatever else we can find
restful day     smile 
college tonight  paper due another one 2 work on and a couple chapters of a text book to read  oh boy 
mama mia i'm a crazy cooking girl tomorrow i'm making pumpkin bread raspberry pie and maybe even blueberry brunch cake 
was driving to my grandma's house with my dad and brother when my car broke down
i've spent today cleaning when i could have been at my aunt's house making cookies  not fair 
i'm so happy! my college class was canceled tonight and my paper that was due in 2 weeks is now due in 3 weeks  smile  yay!
feeling much better today  smile 
i never e playful ected anybody to make a note of 30 things about themselves after i did    it's just weird   
i love vacations  smile  i wish everybody got a vacation  mostly because i love u but also so i don't have to make up work  wink 
"i hope everyone in my project groups did a good job today or tomorrow whenever those projects were due    anyways good luck <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale>!"
"when you gonna stop breaking my heart\i don't wanna be another one\paying for things i never done\don't let go\don't let go\to my love\-stereo love by <propfirst> <propfemale> and vika juligna (or something like that)"
"i can't wait 2 go home, i can't wait 4 somebody to discover magical fairies that magically do my homework 4 me   "
i hate when i have work 2 do and i don't want 2 do it   
only 2 college classes left  i'm almost done!  smile 
finally break! i love most of u but i need a break! see u in 2 weeks  smile 
been shopping at the mall with <propfemale>  found some good presents and found some nice stuff 4 me  wink   it's hard 2 find presents 4 my dad and brother though   
last night of college! can't wait 2 be done!  laugh 
ha! i made sugar cookies and they turned out great! i have finally conquered sugar cookies! take that cookies ha!
christmas is over   sad  but i got sweet deals on some cute clothes  smile 
school  tomorrow  sucks  just a year and a half more    thank god!
gotta love <propfirst>!
i hope we don't have school tomorrow because of snow! only if we're lucky!
i love snow  except when the snow on the road turns all mushy and gross then it don't look so pretty
ap biology midterm done yay! happy <propfirst>!  smile 
maybe going ice skating  i'll get an answer if daddy wakes up! grrrrr   
going ice skating today  maybe making my birthday cake today along with dutch apples    yum! or maybe tomorrow  i don't know i'll figure it out later
today is going 2 be a boring day    gotta find something more interesting 2 do   
does anybody know a middle school or high school teacher i could shadow!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!? stupid grad project   
i hope what has happened today does not hurt future plans   
making cookies and brownies today!  wink  yum!
cookies and brownies r done 4 the party! just a few more things 2 do  i hope the basement gets clean   
should be doing work but    na
mondays   
yay no school! i hope we don't have school tomorrow 2! we'll never get rid of midterms though   
"copy this into your status, and see what you get inboxed \\gold: be my <propfirst> this year? ?\red: i used to like you \orange: will you be mine?\   yellow: i think you're cute \green: i wanna mess around \blue: i love you ?\purple: i wanna chill \pink: i like you \black i wanna kiss you \violet: i wanna meet you \turquoise: i can see myself liking you "
"ahhhhhhh! someone please get me out of this house! please, please, please! i can't take it another day!"
today was a good day   
i can't wait 2 see my friends again 2morrow and finally be done with midterms!!!!
for all of you people who are too lazy to check my facebook event my party is now february 18th  if ur not invited please don't show up 2 my house whoever else sees this
bored out of my mind   
sprite
tomorrow is saturday? finally!
idiots r <propfemale> annoying   
"to everyone who wished me a happy birthday whether it was on facebook or in person   \thank you soooooooooooooo much!!!!!! i love you!  smile "
i have a good brother   
totally gonna finish my grad project on time! could not be happier!!!!  laugh 
"tomorrow is wednesday, put the cake out  then it's thursday, put the cookies and brownies out  then it's friday and i'm shadowing (don't even have to go into school ha!) and then it's my party!! this is a good week   smile "
craziness weekends   
tomorrow is gonna be like one of the awesomest days ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
party! party! party! yay!
that party was just awesome!
i miss some of my old friends from europe trip   
dumb brother sneaking on my laptop and possibly caused a virus on my computer grr   
i love being lazy!
nothing could be more perfect
this is gonna be one crazy fun perfect weekend!
cool day  got my ears pierced and had lots of fun today
could not be happier school is over
i'm sick and don't want 2 get up tomorrow
i love talking to old friends
"if you love me, comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend, like this status \if you hate me, message me and tell me why \if you ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you're not scared, post this as your status "
some days are just perfect even if it's raining
tgif! except sats tomorrow   
"finished with the sats, had a great day with <propfemale> (sorry <propfemale> and <propfemale> couldn't make it), and made applesauce  it's a crazy day "
today is just one of those days that u have 2 do something but u really just don't want to do it
i am so glad the pssas r tomorrow just cause i don't really have 2 do anything
some days are just annoying   
"today, was a good day  i guess "
facebook can be sooooooo annoying sometimes
tonight    is gonna be awesome!
i love it when we have a fire in the fireplace ^ ^
thank god today is over because i was ready 4 a break
just chillin' at home watching the original die hard
some of these rainy days r just hard 2 deal with
this was just one crazy afternoon
u know what? today kinda sucked  but i have a feeling that tomorrow is just gonna be awesome even though it'll be monday
hopes that god answers her prayers with the answer she wants
hopefully i am lucky tonight   
would be so much happier if this week was over
u know what? i think 2morrow is gonna be awesome because i had all the ingredients i needed 2 make cookies tonight without even having 2 go 2 the store 2 get um  it's good luck and tomorrow is gonna be awesome especially cause it's friday  u can't get any better than that!
i was so happy when i woke up this morning and i didn't have 2 go 2 school and the sun was up! i never wake up after the sun thanks 2 school
i'm just happy it's spring and it actually sorta feels like spring
yesterday with <propfemale> and her boyfriend was awesome and today is absolutely beautiful!
no more pssas please!!!
