d3ec005f97808d6bee501d1869f4bd49
geez <propfemale>! look what you got me addicted to!
"red vs blue new ep is up! thank gawd tucker is back! \i'm not that easy    ok well maybe i am that easy! bow chicka bow wow!\"""""
"search, search, searching for a job  annoyed "
"~this is halloween, this is halloween! pumpkins scream in the dead of night!~ happy halloween everyone!"
so why exactly do i have to write two 8 <propfemale> papers?  annoyed 
ahahaha i'm allowed to use plur in my business paper  laugh 
please can anyone help me with my healtcare reform paper?!?!!?!?!?
ugh don't wanna go to school tomorrow  annoyed  go listen to innerpartysystem!
"the facebook contra trick- press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click, then press up, then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>  it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!"
i really want it to be december  annoyed 
criminal minds is such an addicting show 
sooo anyone wanna take psychology with me?!?!
anyone want to take psychology with me?!?
1 day till christmas~! 8 days till new years~!
happy christmas~! 7 days till new years~!
happy new year!!! hope everyone had an awesome time tonight!
add me on xbox live! ladyhatter is my gamertag! come play cod: mw2 with me!
love ffxiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beach today! anyone wanna turn the temp up a few degrees?
i want to go to bamboozle  annoyed 
"i'm ending this here  i'm fucking tired of people bitching  fine whatever i'll say i was wrong for going and doing something i planned (and can't back out of becuase i don't feel right doing that to people) becuase i hadn't been told anything  stop dragging this out and making it worse  fine be mad at me, i deserve it  just please fucking stop ok  it's done  beaten to the fucking ground  i'm sorry alright?"
yay! <propfirst> paid for a manicure and pedicure for me   playful 
beach today! woo!  playful  gonna be a good day
great day at the beach! pics are up!
almost 20  annoyed  and for some odd reason i feel like cooking lol
is now 20 years old o o
things feel right  smile  busy day tomorrow! and church!
gonna be a good night  church at 7! revival church on <propfirst> rd if anyone would like to join us!
woot! got a brand new asus laptop!!!!
haha such a good night  and damn i make amazing food   playful 
why is it so hot right now?!?!  annoyed 
hacked by <propmale>      owned!!!!!! wtb a monster     sounds really good lol
<propmale> is loser > > on the plus side iron man 2 is effin amazing!!
fml!!! my ipod touch won't charge!  annoyed 
"so many games coming out so little time!!!! i need money! \kingdom hearts: birth by sleep, call of duty: black ops, assassin's creed: brotherhood, halo: reach and the cataclysm e playful ansion for wow!!!!!!!"
i just taught my grandma what a glowstick was  laugh 
i just tripped and brought my laptop down with me  annoyed  owwww
so it turns out msjc doesn't do degrees in psychology  annoyed  fml
"ugh, finally finished that stupid essay  annoyed  just one more final to go and i'm done "
watching jersey couture
i love jersery couture  laugh 
"cleaning out my room, wow i have alot of crap  annoyed  this is going to take years to sort o o"
"gonna turn in some games tomorrow at gamestop and pre-order assassin's creed: brotherhood, anyone wanna come?"
so much to do so little time in the day 
i'm having a fucking spaz attack! my flight is tonight and i didn't realize it! worst blonde moment ever!!!! t t
time's up! let's hope i didn't forget anything!!!!!!!!!
in north carolina~!  laugh 
mmmm good times out here in nc  playful 
"leaving back to cali today, i love you issa!!!!"
woot! i start work tomorrow!  laugh 
"ugh so tired, my feet hurt  annoyed  at least now i know i can wear sandals and jeans to work"
yes!!!! <propmale> got my ipod touch to work again!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i love 3oh!3's new cd!  playful 
i wanna sleep in today  annoyed  but nope! time to get ready for work  praying that i get paid today 
first check from this program!! fuck yes!
hacked by <propfemale>  smile 
"wow wtf  don't watch the last airbender, way to fuck it up!!"
"someone want to go out and do something? bcuz i don't wanna clean today, so text me and get me out of here!!!"
"hmmmm, should i re-watch the avatar: the last airbender series or play assassin's creed 2??"
<propfemale>'s big bawlin tonight rofl
"ugh, i just wanna be lazy today and play video games but that is definately a no go  annoyed "
tonight is gonna be a good fucking night  playful 
just watched the new the guild episode  playful  i feel at peace now that its back  laugh  now off to play assassin's creed ii! (i'm determined to get all the achievements in both 1 and 2)
"feather hunting in <propfemale> is not an easy task, but that cape will be mine!!!!!!!!! i mean srsly who wouldn't wanna be notorious in every city?  laugh "
after so much procrastination i finally finished ac ii  laugh  now to go replay both for achievements!
so tired  annoyed  i was falling asleep on my feet at work ugh
i wanna go see inception o o
"tex: alright screw it, you guys get behind me and keep it tight \tucker: bow chicka bow wow\tex: nevermind    tucker's in front \tucker: eh, it was worth it \ playful "
"tucker: so she's either completely asleep or full on bitch; sounds like my ex-wife \caboose: you were married?\tucker: ohahahaha, gross i hope not "
"eh, fuck today"
such a damn good day!
noooooooo!!!!!! why would they shut down onemanga!!!!  cry
fucking love red vs blue  laugh 
"ugh, i wanna go back to sleep  annoyed  it's hot outside at this garage sale t t"
"ugh, i feel like i need to do something productive instead of sitting here  annoyed "
"it feels like its almost 7 pm to me, even though its only 1 pm wtf? maybe cuz i've been up since 6 smile 0?  annoyed "
"rofl, i've spent hours researching cosplays  making chrome's trident is gonna be fun  annoyed "
i hate you stupid cops!!!! it's a package deal! if you're gonna turn on your fucking lights then turn on your fucking siren!!!!!!
"wow, i just realized i don't own any sweat pants    really?  annoyed "
"mmmmm, good walk  think i can get used to this "
today is gonna be a loooooong day
anyone know how to make a petticoat?
i love the farmer's market they have on sundays at msjc  playful  now i'm about to make a bomb salad out of what i bought  laugh 
hopefully getting my hair dyed today
happy friday the 13th!!!! woot!
"no shirt, no shoes, no service     so what if someone wasn't wearing pants?"
"ugh, school tomorrow t t"
"ughhhh, can i just go back to sleep and miss class?  annoyed "
so i walked over like half the school bcuz my classroom wasn't with its correct <propfirst> > > at least i got full wireless in here rofl
<propmale> is a majestic salamander~
"this semester i am determined to not procrastinate, i've decided  even if it means no wow and cod t t"
fuck it is hot in this damn room  i've been cleaning since this morning  annoyed  fml!!!!
why the fuck is it so hot?!?!
um wtf weather? really?!?!
haha its actually raining  playful 
i've found my love for  hack   once again!!!!!!!!  love 
"i effing love  hack   music, but i miss see-saw t t"
ahahahahaha just found my ax '05 badge and its signed by man <propfemale>  laugh 
don't you just love waking up and finding out you're sick?!?! i know i do! > > fml
does anyone know where i can buy some omamori? (i need them for a cosplay)  annoyed 
"soooooooo, who would love to make donations so that <propfirst> and i can go see hatsune miku in the first us concert?!?!?!!?! t t"
good day gone horribly bad? yup got that  and there were only a couple hours left of the day  fuck this day
"hmmmmm, i've got mixed feelings about the new dmc, well guess i can only wait and see  annoyed "
\list of fun things to do   \,d3ec005f9780 laugh 6bee501d1869f4bd49,hoping for a good day! off to little tokyo    as soon as <propfirst> hurries his happy ass up!
look outside! you can see jupiter!!  laugh 
i suddenly feel the need to rewatch all the pokemon movies o o
"fuck you, you stupid gov't! way to care more about illegal aliens than your own fucking citizens!"
i wish i had 40 dollars so i could buy a blizzcon virtual ticket t t
"\will that satisfy your knee?\"""""
i loved the ending for the ouran high manga~!!  laugh  though i am sad that its over  annoyed 
why the fuck is it so hot when it's so early out!!?!?!
damn this week has been busy  annoyed  and it's still not over
my tank top strap broke right before i had to go talk in front of the class > >
"first day of training today, let's see how this goes!"
today is gonna be a loooong day    actually i've been up since 6 and it already feels like a long day  annoyed 
i've got no idea why i can't stop listening to bottoms up by <propmale> songz and <propfemale> minaj rofl
ugh i just wanna sleeeep  annoyed 
"ahahaha fuck this game called life, it sucks!"
well i guess i'll post something on here because <propmale> told me to       
fuck yes! i'm excited for a day full of <propfemale> wars! no matter how nerdy it sounds  playful 
anyone want to come with me monday for the midnight release of black ops?  annoyed 
got starbucks this morning and i'm early for class!  playful 
black ops = fuck yeah!!!
assassin's creed  love   love   love   love 
leaving for the airport in like 5ish hours
and here we goooooooooooo~!
finally home~
1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! 1 o'clock! please!!!!!!
you make me sad blizz  5? fucking srsly?
omg i'm so fucking excited!!!!! kyaaaaaaa!!!!!! omg who do i log on first? should i make a troll druid?? omg omg
omg it's almost december~! christmas anyone?  laugh 
cataclysm tonight~! lets do this!!!
"so effin tired  in class for the my final, started at 8 and takin a break atm  just wanna go hoooome "
woot outta class for today!!
mmmm did some baking today with <propfemale> and <propmale>  the carrot cake was amazing! now we need to try the brownies and the strawberry christmas cake  playful 
so my ipod died and i decided to charge it on <propmale>'s computer    and all the music got erased > > now i need to add it all back   
yay~! tron: legacy comes out tomorrow  laugh 
"omg, i wanna go see tron: legacy today  annoyed "
<propfemale> christmas everyone~!
"woot! had a great day with <propfemale>! got my boots that i wanted forever, got lunch at farmer boys (brought some to <propmale>), got some starbucks, and used some of my gift card at tillys  playful "
bad start to a new year  shoulda fucking known > >
<propfemale>  haccked tracies sticky computer
"so much to do, so little time  school starts tomorrow!"
woot! just need to check my online classes and then the first day is officially over!
"just dyed my hair, i miss my highlights  annoyed  color came out ok, just waiting to see how <propfemale>'s will turn out lol"
"if there are nomnoms in your bag, then there are nomnoms in your tummy "
"soooo, anyone have an xbox 360 hard drive they'd like to donate to me?  sad  i have the map pack for cod: black ops but can't download it because i don't have a hard drive"
"ugh, exhausted from school work and i'm still not done > >"
anyone have any ideas of a public policy issue that i can use for my government research paper?
i wanna play <propfemale> vs capcom 3  sad 
wow barely stepped out of the car and got soaked  annoyed 
"mmmmmm, sour patch kids"
so boooooooooooooooooooooored  annoyed 
"hahahaha, i shouldn't be laughing at getting rear-ended but now that i think about it, that was hilarious  especially since i was so pissed and gave the guy the dirtiest look that it freaked <propmale> out "
"ugh, exhausted for no reason  annoyed "
fuck my life! fucking school website decided it didn't want to fucking load when i was halfway through my test and so now i'm locked out of it  > >
today feels like a good day  laugh  i like good days
battle: los <propfemale> is the best fucking movie ever!!!!
the one u just called fat? she has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs  the one u just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying!
"relational aggression\-attacks the self-esteem of others\-most common in girls\\even psychology says that most girls are bitches lol"
"rofl, can't believe we spent over an hour in a comic book store cause we couldn't decide what we wanted  i'm broke yet i spent 35 dollars on comics  annoyed "
"didn't even hafta get up this morning, class was cancelled  annoyed "
