0d4559a1b897cc788701caa379a23c83
goin back to ga
ga or <propfemale>?
rip <propfirst> mays 1958-2009
just got his alienware laptop heck yea
this site can guess any person you think of akinator com
tryin to plan all the going away parties and stuff tell me if u wanna do somethin!
i need somethin to do up here in philly!
tired
project then foosball
house sold in ga
golf tomorrow hellz yea
golfin was good eatin lunch bbl
phillies game tonight
chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool
"workout tomorrow mornin, flight lessons in the afternoon"
loooong day
short hair once again
"flight physical in the mornin more flying lessons in the afternoon, days keep getting more busy"
too busy
flight practice in the sim text me if u wanna talk
just taxied took off flew around a good bit landed back at same airport taxied back to spot and parked the airplane in flight sim<--- pilot skills haha cant wait till my real license
football two a days    so freakin tired
out to peace a pizza brb text meh
wish i can visit friends when i come down to ga
1st day of school tomorrow     
haha i really need to get a new profile pic now that ive got short hair again
act's       
<propfemale> on thursday!
reason #1 to hate the north: raking leaves
headed to the gym
missin ga
"today is officially a sucess, got to wear my tuxedo again"
packing
in the ga
new laptop
got a job as a security guard!
one more day till the ga
skittle pong: it ends horrifyingly colorful
pretty sure now is a good time to actually go to sleep   
back from one hell of a weekend
fenga papets
"no mountain is too high, no volcano is too hot, and no atlantis is too underwater or fictional!"
listening to some pendulum
"go and boil your bottoms, you sons of silly persons!"
<propfemale> in two days hell yeah
finally back in snellvegas for the week
"work, today is gonna be awesome"
"i hate it when you're sitting at your desk and you see a pile of papers start to slide off slowly, then once you get your hand over to stop it they fall all over the floor   "
"salute to the victims of 9 11, and lets go penn state!"
">open computer\>click os (c smile \>click windows\>click media\>scroll down to onestop\>play\\what"
tired   
long day
hot chocolate + milky way caramel = liquid sex in a cup
"2 weeks, what?"
one week
"according to google maps directions, one must jet ski across the pacific ocean to get from japan to <propfemale>"
last patrol for the night  lets do this
"teachers have some 6th sense that tells them when a student is counting down the days to some trip they have planned  when triggered, this sense also makes them assign an irrational amount of assignments "
"i really need that preparation h, i cant believe i left it at home    d:"
back from a great weekend
two more hours until freedom for almost 2 weeks!
just woke up from a 13 hour sleep      feels good
"packing for a cruise to the bahamas, gonna be awesome"
"daddy! daddy, i made a puppet out of my barf bag!"
good to be back home
deadmau5    that is all
"when faced with two choices, toss a coin \it works not because it settles the question for you,\but because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air,\you know suddenly what you are hoping for "
"<propfemale> christmas! hope everyone had a great one, ga in 3 days"
"doctor who marathon, heck yes"
"i'll take a girl stuff bacon burrtango, with bacon please, also a seen a minute twisty, extra bacon, and i'll have some bacon please "
"i hear the voice of god and its telling me \fuel scrubber circulation pump failure \"""""
sunday sunday sunday
missing the superbowl due to work     
"gettin poke attacked on facebook, thanks guys"
"bulletstorm is the most obnoxiously violent game ever, and i love it "
"celebrated pi day at 1:59:26 pm, legit"
this anthropology book reads as if the writers took a bet they couldn't complete a textbook where every other word must be longer than 12 letters 
