f2929d07a8b69ef13c90a43ff82c169f
hmmm   bored  this thing is kinda confusing  but oh well  lol ill get it    eventually     
hmmm   no one will text me!!! ugh!
to die would be an awfully big adventure 
so tired!!!!! hehehehe but today has been a good day   playful   smile 
hmmm  i like me some hungarian boys  wink  hehehehehe  playful  lol
hehehe had fun today ;p hmmm   life is gooood 
hmm  tomorrow should be fun  wink  night everyone!
hmmmm     i have to pee like a banshee!! hehe just to let ya know  ;p
i love <propfemale> guys and hate high school   playful  hehe
hmmm   got me ipod touch   laugh  fun fun  been puttin a ton of dumb apps on it lol   smile  hehe basketball party was tonight!! me and and <propfemale> kick all the coaches and everyone elses butts on the wii 3 point shootin! hehehehe it was awesome!  laugh 
cags eye is shot out!! hehe
2010 was pretty insanely awesome    and 2011 is gonna be even better!!!  laugh 
uhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm          i cant wait till 7:45 monday morning!!!  laugh   laugh 
why is no one up at 2 in the morning??????????????????? geeeeeeeeeeez   losers   
you know its time for bed when u hear the geese flying over ur house    
well this break has been pretty uneventful except for christmas and new years  i think i was close to dred locks at least once hehehe  laugh  yea  i went there!
hmmmmmm     cant wait till tuesday   smile got a present and cant wait to get it  smile  if that makes sense lol   playful  hehehehe yay!  laugh 
hmm   had a pretty awesome 5 day weekend   laugh  hehehe
had a pretty freakin awesome weekend haha  smile 
omg   i didn't know i could petal that fast  o o
hmmm   really good but really sad weekend 
today sucks  annoyed  tryin not to cry    
what is today? lol
hmmm   what am i doin today?  playful 
"omg i think it's gonna tornado  lol i just ran fromthe car to the door  10 feet  i'm soaked, and not exagerating lol it's nuts!!     unforgiveable!  laugh "
"okay so i know this is a few days late but thanks to everyone for the happy birthdays!!!  laugh  it was a pretty awesome day considering that im 16 and for the next 6 months my \ride\"" will be a 2 wheeled bmx bike  laugh     """
tell me something good  tell me tell me that you like it  yeeeaaaah  wink 
i want you to want me  i need you to need me  id love you to love me  im beggin you to beg <propfemale>! hehe i love that song  <propfirst> and london in  laugh ays!!!!  laugh   laugh 
beotches! hahahaha you all know who you are!  laugh 
mgmt is the bomb 
someone  deleted my itunes off the computer      sad   sad 
ill be in london tomorrow night   laugh   laugh   laugh  hehehehehe and then ill be in <propfirst>!!! i cannot wait   except that 12 hour flight is gonna suck haha ill miss you guys! love ya!!
leaving for <propfirst> today  i miss everyone! oh and i got to hold a 2000 year old ancient greek coin!!!!!  laugh   laugh  hehe
here come pictures!!  laugh 
okay that took waaaaay longer than e playful ected  and i still have more to be put up  comment!!  laugh 
hmm   no soccer tonight  wish i coulda went shoppin   stupid golf  goin to em's party tomorrow  should be fun  smile  
well tonight was pretty fun  micks tomorrow   smile 
tomorrow is gonna be da bomb!!  laugh  lol this was the best freaking summer of my life   smile  hehehe oh yea 
"won our soccer game today!!  laugh  i love it    i have this feeling that sophmore year is gonna be freaking awesome  first off, i didnt get shanked  thank god haha  laugh  secondly, i have the best friends anyone could ever ask for   and thirdly,,i just watched district 9 and it was a great movie   so that means the years gonna be great too !! hahaha  smile  smile  smile "
"songs of the hour!! i like it, love like woe, cooler than me, and take it off  hehe oh yea   smile "
i should date___________  if your brave enough post this as your status an see what you get  smile 
hmm  well today was practically a day from hell   playful  haha i had a 18 hole golf tournament  and it rained the entire time   no joke  5 hours in the rain hittin a ball is exactly how i wanted to spend my saturday  haha but oh well one more week and one more tourney and im done!!  laugh  then its socca time hehehe
oh yea  and im pretty sure i got trench foot    just sayin 
omfg!!! gossip girl tonight!!! hehehehehehe cannot wait!!  laugh   laugh 
"today in english: \cagney craig: (looking at picture of <propfemale> <propmale> ) she's not very pretty now \me: uh cag,   that's because she's dead   \cag: oh   \rotfl  laugh "
gossip girl gossip girl!! i love mondays  and saturdays   annnnnd    bones days! hehe and the new season of bones is on if any one is interested!!  laugh  ehh   its just a mighty fine week i must say   smile   smile 
okay sooooo highlights of this week       bones was hilarious  gossip girl <propfirst> and <propmale> war is gonna be good   annnnnd glee was amazing as always hehe  smile  i watch too much tv  aaahhh  life is good  hehehehe  laugh   laugh 
the awesome thing is   i dont miss you anymore   smile   smile   smile 
awesome football game!  smile  weekend should be pretty fun  but not as fun as i hoped  oh well tho  playful 
"boy  i cant get you off my mind  but the thing is, i never want to   wink "
so tonight was pretty fun  smile  i think i had thee busiest weekend of my life! lol and its not even over yet!! cant wait till tuesday tho  smile   smile 
gossip girl!!
<propmale> and <propfirst> truce    oh yes 
one month today  smile   smile   smile 
"god, you gotta love the beatles   laugh "
"yeah i tell you something\i think you'll understand\when i say that something\i wanna hold your hand"
"if i havent yet said this  london is rad!!!  smile  oh and <propfemale> is now officially my new hero and i aspire to be like her  she has an iq of 140! truth! i can totally relate    annnd she's pretty awesome,,i have come to this conclusion after reading her article in seventeen  yea i read that  hero!!"
"come on d become a c! hahaha thats my new cheer  smile  randomly thought of it  heck yes!! oh and ihop is amazing, i could totally live in hobby lobby, and antique stores smell quite literally amazing   laugh "
"im pretty sure i made a ton of peoples days today   laugh  so remember everyone   smile, youre beautiful!"
so far the best frickin weekend ever! hahaha i love roofs   laugh  they are soooo awesome  jusss sayin   wink  oh and the ladycats kick assssssbutt
they love eachother!!! yaaaaay! go <propmale> and <propfirst>!! hehehehehehe  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i dont like simple  my home will be the likes of versailles  bury me in decadence and ill be happy   laugh 
omg   ipod is shattered  lol no idea how  still works thoo!!  smile  this week was fun  i got to ride the cooler scooter thingy in the hallways at school  mrs  hicks yelled at us  sad  oh well  welp i cant wait for wednesday to get here   smile  ilovesweetpotatoes!!! oh yes 
just watched last song! and i didnt cry! so ha   smile  but i turned off the dvd player and some russian woman was cooking croutons in a tent   odd 
okay   soo according to my calculations         17 days and 58 mins untill i get my lisence! yaaaay  laugh  yo estoy muy entusiasmado  hehe cant wait till monday to get here either  schools the bomb  no joke to all the people that think me to be sarcastic  and its gossip girl night of course                              and i am no longer craving sweet potatoes  i have had my fill 
i thought id make that an extra long post too just for cagney <propmale> butttt it ended up being too long so this is a continuation hehehe   laugh  and the  laugh  face for abbi ogden who says its not a real face  it is 
gosh dang it!! i wanna go on a gossip girl tour in nyc!! somebody get me that for christmas please and thank you  laugh   smile   smile   smile 
my life be like   oooh aaaah   oooooh aaaaah  hehe
i dare ya! just say it  cause ill say it back    playful 
happy birthday to everyone on this day! lol i hope its a good one 
omg! bones is gonna tell booth she loves him tonight!!  laugh 
"our biggest fear is not death, but that we will dissapear without a trace  - bones   smile "
okay so thank you abbi for indroducing me to the rest of relient k  cause i officially love them now!!  laugh  hehehe
got jesus on my neckaluce uce uce uce uce  haha <propfemale>!
all i want for christmas is my two front teeth  hehehe :b
"sooooo,,,easy a is best movie ever  lol and dont be dumb  jus sayin"
"what is it with our generation and our obsessive need to document our every thought? facebook, twitter, blogs  are we really that interesting? well i am! italy!"
sometimes the loss of one is worth the gain of eighty  ha!
gravy!!  laugh 
the work of geniuses! what does it even mean??? haha gotta love it  laugh 
uhhhhmmm    i am highly dissappointed in you people     no one got me a gossip girl tour in nyc!! what the ef???? sheesh a girll just asks for one dream to come true  but nooooooooooooooo  ahahahaha juuuuus kiddin  smile  kinda   laugh 
1  2   whoop whoop!!
when is gossip girl coming back?? this is like cruel withdraw without a cliffhanger finale! -_-
ready to ride solo! lol sorry zachaery! miss u  smile 
its an ugly day  sad 
i want spring to be here ahora!! i miss the sun  sad  lol
i want to do with you what spring does with <propfemale> trees   smile  isn't that pretty? lol i would put it up in spanish but 80 people would have yelled at me  playful 
okaaay whitko  i am disappointed   where is ur jungle atire?????
dont you forget about meeee   suck it!! hahaha i love easy a   laugh 
does anyone else have indoor team pe fifth period?? lol
second <propfemale> to the right and straight on till morning   
i actually learn a lot watching nickelodeon  in a half hour i found out the <propfirst> has a sister and theres gonna be a new power rangers!!  laugh 
i love sledding!!!!!! hahaha especially with zachaery !!  laugh 
it's almost monday hehehe i can't wait!!!!!!!
is he real or am i having the best dream of my life??
cause i walk with a limp like an old school pimp alright okaaaaaaaaayy              im in south <propfemale> trick!! hehe i mighta had some improv in there oh well smile 
uhh   so it's gossip girl night    omfg
"have you ever looked into a starry sky and wondered, 'who am i?'    -brandi carlisle   smile "
okaaay i'll do the to be honest thingy haha like it!!!!!!  laugh 
really?  really? i slept till 12?? haha  smile 
"what the hell is \snow thunder\""   ???  laugh  apparently we're getting it tonight """
u know what would be awesome? bein in a hot tub while its snowin like this   smile 
i hear no thunder   
the average persons vocabulary only contains 5-6 thousand words    that doesn't seem like a lot   playful 
cause ima hustler baby and tonight its just me and u! baby tonightt dj's got us fallin in love again ! haha  smile 
so its been what? three days? and i havent done annnnnny homework lol  great 
as im laying on my couch thinking about when im going to do my homework i realize its friday! hahaha  smile  what a fabulous discovery  laugh  lol
u came along and u played me a song  a little bit of love and a little bit of yea yea  yeaaaaa yeaaaaa yeaa yeaa haha  smile 
did u know im a mayan ruler      by birthright? oh yea   laugh 
yeaaa <propfemale> my feet are numb    well just my toes 
toy story is on!!!!!  laugh 
sooooo    indiana jones is the bomb annnnnnd  i have a project to make! haha i almost forgot and revealed what it is  that woulda sucked  laugh 
the birds are back!!!  laugh  spring is closer hehehe
ur gonna catch a cold from the ice inside ur soul!! lol  smile 
the utter silence of my 2 p m  ninja poops rotfl!!!
"yea so valentines day is 7 days away,,and i am puuuuumped! no one can beat my amazing plan  no joke  laugh "
im excited for rice   smile 
realllllllyyyyyyy    ?
<propfirst> beiber!! omg!! i got my ticket and my glasses on  girls night rocks!
i just got hit in the face!!  sad 
i will never say never thanks to you jb!  laugh  lol
i love maw maw   smile  hehe go raising hope!!
 sad 
i hate sickness   sad   sad 
did you know that turtles can breathe through their butts??
haha thank you to the 5 people who liked my fact  you helped some   
yea so i love lazer tag   
ha  i forgot how pretty the sunrise is in my old room   smile 
iiiiiiiiiiiii got my hair cutttt!  laugh 
stumblin cag!!!
uhmmm     so i really wanna buy the new jb bracelet   haha idk whats come over me   
actions speak louder than words  except when the words are 'i love you' 
had a good day with thee adorable boyfriend  smile   smile 
sooooooooooo     making brochures is a pain it the arse   sad 
sooo    i'm so tech savy that im on wifi with my ipod and yet listening to a walkman cd player from the 90's haha  laugh 
"sorry, we dont sell chins   hehehe"
dont be tardy for the party!! oooh oh oh oh !
<propfemale> i just wanted to say that i really really really miss spring  sad  i want the baby leaves!!!
cause my cards are on the table and im willing and im able     finish it!!
i love nutella            smile 
why is cheese so good???
omg   for every night this week i just happened to look at the clock at 11:11   it was like that last week too   wtf?? haha  laugh 
you know   after listening to jb for a solid hour the rest of my music just doesnt make me as happy as it used to   sad  lol oh well   more jb!!!  laugh 
5 months  smile   smile 
twas a very good aniversary day  smile   smile 
!me amo mi pelo muy muy mucho!  laugh 
soooo   someone please tell me where i can get the new jb bracelet!!!!  sad 
awww   i spiled the oj  sad 
compact discs stress me out    sad  hahaha
"weeeeellllll i would put \i need somebody to love\"" cause it's stuck in my head buuuuuutttttt that would be wrong because i already have someone  smile   smile """
ooooon the verge of puking tonight at practice   smile  just thought you all were dying to know that hahaha
american idol?? i thought it was glee night  sad   sad 
sooooo is spring really almost here???????????  laugh 
joisy showr toniiiiiightttt!!!!  laugh 
"uhhhmmm   sooo i would like to say that my boyfriend, @zach cox, is really mean  sad "
since black ops came out teen pregnancy rate has dropped 17%!! rotflllllll ahahaha
when a heart breaks   it can break even  the script lies!!
it looks like rain and im lovin it!!  laugh 
i can't wait to be an archaeologist!! lol ik ik   i'm weird  smile   smile 
thundaaaaaa! and liggghhhhtniiiiinnnn      oh yeaaa!  smile 
welll    my butt hurts from lunges   sad  and it makes me limp   
shoot me -_- its snowing              ugggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   spring is never gonna get here!
soooooooooooooooooo       my butt doesnt hurt as bad  laugh  ahahahahahahaha thank you <propmale> for the advice  it helped   smile 
fat babies     hehehehehehe
why cant or lives just be like our dreams?  able to be controlled to exactly what u want and if something bad happens you can just wake up   
ughhh i hate being sick  sad 
i flippin love 80's movies!
everthing smells like hot dogs  sad   sad 
bubble guppies!!
its crazy how one song can make a person smile for hours 
e playful losive stool          
weird   last night i dreamt a tsunami hit my house on some island   and then i wake up and learn there actually was one   my mind told me the future!! lol
i love my new room  smile 
annnnddd iiiiii'mmmmm thinkin what the hellll   playful 
got a new mit!!!!  laugh  its nice   still a little larger than normal but hey   thats how i roll hahaha  smile 
i might be bad   but im perfectly good at it 
look how clear the sky is and how insanely bright the <propfemale> is  smile  its beautiful 
im planting a mini garden and my forget me not seeds are from <propfemale> and the poppy seeds are from holland   smile  i have foriegn exchange plants   laugh 
oh god   not again  sad 
omg   im watching rugby and they do they coolest jumbs ive ever seen   and theyre all cute!! hahaha
ughhh    missing two days of school gets you waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much homework   sad  and yet im wasting my time on here haha
geeese!!!
everyone go look at the sky right now  the sun set is beautiful 
i hate seeing people getting their heart broken  sad  it sucks 
i saw so many pretty faces before i saw you but now all i need is you! god i love that song lol
omfg!! i almost forgot!  caslena jonez and chlostin beiber are the power couple of the decade!! ahahahahahhaha
whoever stole my cookie out of the locker room   you are pathetic 
i look out the window and the sun is bright orange settingbehind pale blue clouds and 13 hawks are circling right below in the distance    spring!!!
i like to punt s***  rotfl
any friend of olives is a friend of our daughters                 oh happy day mama!!  laugh 
bowlfarts    
i think the word stupid is bruised on my forehead    damn lynsi hehehehe
i looooooooovvvvveeeeee hugging <propfemale> weigold  smile very much 
the fire burned a hole in my favorite pants!!!  sad 
itssssss thee first day of spring!  laugh  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
i just need somebody to looooove!! hahahaha  smile 
my dog is a creeper     and she has a mohawk    
well today has been a very good day  smile   smile   smile 
its a patchouli burger from our victory garden   laugh 
beat it ese! -_-
well i have a huge bruise on my hip!! -_- lol its pretty cool tho  smile  thanks <propfemale> haha
has anyone ever even watched the oprah winfrey network???
best night ever girlies!!  laugh  hehe gabby and <propfemale> are crazy 
omfg!! i either saw a shooting <propfemale> or a flippin torpeedo!! or possibly aliens 
cold chinese     food of champions  a wee bit kung powey tho   
nationwide is on your side!!
"the good die young,-\here's hoping you live to a ripe old age "
why does no one like to hear my random history lessons??  sad  they all just look at me and walk away   
"you're like a dictionary, you got so much definition  hehhehehe  smile "
pancakes!!
ramen noodles smell like dirty gym bag but they taste soooooo delicious!!
they reek like chinese people farts!!! hahahahahahahahahahaha
the buds are out on the trees and im oh so excited for thee baby leaves!!  laugh 
what about love?? dont u want someone to care about you?? what about love! dont let it slip awaaaaaay! hehehe gotta love heart  
okay   if i was a swamp person and had a live gator in my boat    i would cry like a baby lol
iffffff i was homeless  i would use my 'booze money' to buy a library card   laugh 
winning!
if perfects what ur searching for then just stay the same    laugh  haha won our game!
what not to wear?? i think yes!
love save the empty   great song   smile 
a little bitter outside!! lol
attention! i am removing all bananas from the kitchen  
didnt i tell u to close the drawer??   yea i did   no its wide open and theres a knife on the counter surrounded by cake residue   sorry   lol
one more day!! i wont be able to focus at all lol   
the cup im drinking grape juice out of was made in spain   smile  just thought ud wanna know lol
uhmm  did i hear this right?? a love like collared greens and cornbread?? wtf    
hehe sorry to ruin ur dreams <propfemale> and gabby!! lol  laugh  i have a cruel sense of humor  
theres a jungle in our sunroom     literally   so many ferns! hahaha
my dog faintly smells like peanut butter    
a good friend once told me   no one wins with a headbutt   smile 
rain rain rain  youre not a pain because you briiiiiinggggg         flowers!! hahahaa
i could watch the birds all day  playful 
i always pictured you as a southpaw  
i love beef and noodles!
soooooo    i suck at making vegan food lol good thing i love meat!!
i just watched a mosquito fly into gabby's mouth 
gawd danielles car is thee best  smile  everyone in it eventually becomes those camp bffs who share all their secrets by the end of the night  laugh 
out of anyone in the world who would u meet and totally freak out when you saw them???
why is cops so amazing??
"i would really love to hear your voice sometime \to close a little distance in my mind  "
all the old spongebobs are on!  laugh  i cant believe its been 12 years   
dirty dirty at 9 smile 0???
had a nice firebon with thee friends  smile 
