bf33b6f724652755f7cb4191520382ab
yeah im the kinda girl that will cry when i think about you or see someone who looks like you  its not like you care anyway  annoyed 
"tired, but cant sleep"
"omg farkle is so addicting, im bringing dice for michigan now <propfemale> lol we can practice"
"on my way home, hacking into the internet on the road  laugh "
happy to be home finally  smile 
got the new lg neon!!! ahh so happy  laugh dd
everything ive worked for is slowly unraveling  
"at <propmale>'s house, basically by myself lmao text me?"
im the biggest scrooge in the world! lol
dont chug yager  sad 
dude! did you know there is a fishville?!!
but i'll stand up for you   should i feel alive?   i ask myself why wait for the call that wont come   i wish you could hear me   
havin an all nice dance party!   by myself  annoyed 
shes the cutest thing in the world  
cant wait til he moves closer     smile 
"gonna go do mma with <propfemale> soon, hopefully i'll do better than last week  smile "
"just got home, kinda sore  smile "
"seasons beatings with <propfemale> was amazing but yet slightly depressing, <propfirst> lost his belt and <propfirst> and <propfirst> had to tap out after a struggle  poor <propfirst>ie  crying "
home from finals   well i have been for a while lol text?
if you know <propmale> brown go to youtube and type in <propmale> brown singing  laugh 
"supposed to be doing dishes, text?"
"got a notebook laptop as a early christmas present, thinks its awesome but internet sucks today  "
add me on mafia wars? please?
"just donated $5 to the keep a child alive foundation, one dollar itself helps provide medication for children with aids in africa, text alive to 90999 to donate $5 too!"
still sore from being at snow <propfemale> all day yesterday
is cooking on a wok for the first time
"going to a wreslting tournament on saturday at geneseo, if its not canceled  laugh  who else is going?"
"im confused in the game castle age, if anyone plays send me a message if you could give me a hand"
bored at home   text?
"helped pull people out of the ditch, woo lol"
heading to kickboxing soon  laterr 
"\darling   dont lie to me \"""""
questioning shit   why do i always question things  ?
"getting off for the night, text?"
"parents are going out tonight, text me so i wont be lonely?"
so tonight was kinda sorta awesome lol text?
hopefully the weather is nice for my party tomorrow!  laugh 
i got tha swagga of a cripple!  laugh 
i gotta feesh!! his name be ralff an hes my best frann!
"in st  <propfirst> with my friend <propfemale> and a bunch of other people from school  i get back monday night, text me?"
trying to find motivation to clean the house and do my thomsen project   so far no luck  laugh 
"going to bed soon, text me?"
how do you destroy the reputation of a hooker?
"our hearts were on display, for all to see, i can't believe this is happening to me and, i raised my hands as if to show you that i was yours, that i was so yours for the taking, i'm so yours for the taking and, that's when i felt the wind pick up, i grabbed the rail, while choking up, these words to say and then (i wish) you kissed me   here"
"and i'll try to sleep, to keep you in my dreams, 'till i can bring you home with me, i'll try to sleep, and when i do i'll keep you in my  dreams"
how come in horoscopes no one is compatable with a virgo?
how ironic is it that a diet bar comercial pops on when im still hungry after eating  ?
so i've relived the party too many times to count already and i have a feeling its not going to stop anytime soon   smile 
mma fights last night were awesome! after party at phils was the best though  didnt get home til after five in the morning lol
"maybe i need some rehab, or maybe just need some sleep    is my love   your drug?"
someone should plan a party   your probably wondering why  well    its because me and <propfemale> just got married!!
"theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around, its a hole in the wall, its a dirty free for all    wink "
waitng for my father to get home then going shopping  might harass <propfirst> at work   again  smile 
<propfirst>   your awesome   smile 
"i ain't got no <propfemale>, no, i sure cant wait, not today  "
stayed home sick today  sad 
"will you, will you love me, tomorrow?"
i want to be your angel in the night    smile 
"got home from the fine arts awards, kinda boring, going to bed soon, if you have my number call or text  smile "
"\i dont wear skirts i wear tutus dammit!\""  i love 5th grade boys smile """
nothing cheers you up better than weezer  smile 
is it normal to hear the icecream man's jingle when you walk down the frozen desserts section of the grocery store?
me and daddy are workin on alot of toys smile 
going to attempt to curl my hair   wish me luck  smile 
"\if you guys get serious use protection \"" \""does he mean like a burgler alarm?\"""""
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishinghe could talk softly to her ear   while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman,there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man, stealing smiles from her   post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
<propfemale> when you come over sometime you need to bring the breakfast club 
"tired of being home all the time, make it better for me and text me?  smile "
"ahh facebookee, you do this to me all the time, or maybe its my add that makes me forget about my english paper   "
you havent truely e playful erienced being a freshman until you have been put in a trashcan  as of today i have e playful erienced being a freshman   lol
so im watching the final episode of lost with <propfemale> <propfirst> schrimshaw and she keeps gasping and crying   im so lost   is that why its called lost?
"i swear i'm not a tease, you just have to prove your worth it   smile "
nothing is more ironic than a car breaking down by a car dealership    playful 
this was something special; this was just like dynamite
"karate tonight, kinda excited to see if i remember my new form    smile "
"they say i look yummy and they want a taste, but im a human not a sandwich  "
finally got home after being gone for a couple of days  buutttt i get to leave again tomorrow night  smile 
"if you'd call me now, baby then i'd come running  "
"white trash <propfemale>, american dream, oh what a role model  smile "
"you know its summer time when you talk about the days of the week as yesterday, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, the day of that awesome party, ect   smile  helloo summertime"
"many people have told me that i've changed, but the truth is, i've just found myself "
"go to bed, young dreamer   smile "
"if you'd call me now baby 'id come a running   im on call, to be there"
"dear mother nature, \i really hate you right now  why did your itch weed attack my whole body? fuck you  smile  love <propfirst>"
woke up this morning and i wasnt able to see or open up my right eye  the doctor said im probably alergic to itchweed lol
i wanna be forever young 
"your the best, i guess "
its a <propmale> marley kind of day 
"its alright but i know i shouldnt trust you, its okay but i never should have said its alright"
in your eyes i'd like to stay  
"this weekend has been full of ups and downs the whole time so far  with <propfemale> <propfirst> schrimshaw for the whole weekend  heading to a party somewhat soon, text it?"
probably one of the worst weekends in a while  can only get worse 
went swimming today! boy you just gotta love plastic baby pools  laugh 
"oh sure he killed him, but he did it so great!  smile "
we're at the foot of the stairs with my fingers in your hair  baby this is it 
we should kill all of the redheads  they are a dangerous breed  ex  <propmale> mckay
"and you brighten up the world with your eyes \and you're so damn lovely when you're on my mind \'cause you're the only one   "
make me beautiful  a perfect soul  a perfect mind  a perfect face   a perfect lie 
and thats why yellow makes me sad i think  
"talk to me i'm torn, i could get lost in a voice of yours  tell me if i'm wrong or right, tell me i can stay tonight  "
thats okay because i like the way it hurts  
"its 3 a m she wont put out, lets go make out with her friends, make out with her friends friends  laugh "
excuse me miss but can i get you out your panties?
new 3oh!3 cd is most definately awkwardly amazing smile 
i can live off the beats or i can die from the dancin'
if you really knew me you would know that i'm a very insecure and jealous person  and i wish riverdale would have a challange day
you have my heart so could i please have this dance?
"michigan in two weeks, not sure whether to be excited or not, might be going without any of my friends this year  sad "
this is love and this is lust now which one do i trust  
just fell in love with christofer drew smile 
your only as tall as your heart will let you be and your only as small as the world will make you seem 
"im breaking down, im falling downn  "
"friday nights are always the same in this town\i'm looking up but i'm feeling kind of down\so i light this cigarette and smoke the night away\and hope that saturday will be the day when everything feels okay "
"doesnt want to leave for michigan on wednesday, id rather stay here for one reason only"
"is leaving this afternoon for michigan, get there around 3am ish, text me on the way up?  smile "
"in michigan with kaylon hanging out with <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst>, text it!"
"just got home from m i s  had a great time with <propfirst>, cant wait til next year  school tomorrow  annoyed "
so when i was in brooklyn sitting in front of an el taco i felt very strongly that there should have been a dancing burrito outside  
"peanut butter jelly time, peanut butter jelly time!!"
there is nothing you can do that i have not already done to myself 
should i dye my hair darker or lighter?
"ahhh my arm is gonna fall off, the flags weigh alot more than they look!"
"fall kick off, hopefully i dont drop my flag annoyed "
  dropped my flag  
got an i touch for an early bday present
i'm mr brightside
your approval meant the world    
in love with my itouch haha
just beat the impossible game  smile 
i have more of a right to be here because you still have your balls! - fight club
"guns don't kill people! well    actually they do, they are the leading cause of gun related deaths "
rme show last night was pretty fun  had some pretty interesting things happen  
oh i know that i am here and you are there but we still have our love   smile 
got the parts for my car today! excited to start working on it  hopefully will have it done for the last midnight mayhem this year 
"heading off to michigan soon, text me?"
"just got in durand michigan, super tired  slept on the floor ofthe truck on the way here"
gets to see my lover tomorrow! super excited smile 
"just got home, isn't it just freaking fabulous to be slamed with homework after a weekend of no sleep    i wish i was in michigan with the family still though"
"nothing feels like home like you babe, i love you more than you will ever know"
"there's not much else i can do but fall for you  you know i'm a wreak   just know i would wait here, for you "
thanks to all for the birthday wishes smile 
"party last night, pretty badass i cant lie smile "
"\i wanna make little   i wanna make little mexican babies with youu\"" says <propfemale> ruffcorn"""
"going to bed, its exhausting being me, haha little girlie  wink )"
"\number 3 is point f or k  \"" \""hey! that spells fork!\"""""
dance all night til you cant feel your legs  
"french projects=things that make me say sentences like this, \barbie is wearing this because she knows that <propfemale> likes pink dresses \"""""
"this is me, i love myself  yeah, fuck everyone else "
mass murder occuder at the mcmullen residence today  weapon used:flyswatter
"\your that stubborn \"" \""no i'm that right\"""""
halloween party  how many people wanna come so i can make it awesome? like if you want to come smile 
football game tonight! hopefully the players will be as good as the marching bad and flag ninjas smile 
"cuz i am what i am, what i am, what i am a trainwreck!"
if only i could be in that bed again   if only it was me instead of him  
it breaks my heart to see you selling yourself short  
blood fills my mouth  fire sears my veins  i choke back a howl  the silver knife slips-the choice is mine    i am death or life  i am salvation or detruction  angel or demon  i am grace  i plunge in the knife  this is my sacrifice-i am the monster 
how could you do this to me  ?
"it should have been me in that car, it should have been me in the dark  "
banana power!!!
i get my permit this weekend! stay off the sidewalks  laugh 
they just want to see me fall   have faith in me  ?
learned how not to drive today  smile  haha still alive  sort of 
"at the moment i am dateless to homecoming, lovely  "
ohh like we used to  
"just got home, mother of all bad moods  "
all nighter? i think so smile  girl you better love what you got before you go and give it away 
girls just wanna have fun
"\and hope that saturday wll be the day everything feels alright  \"""""
yeah today totally sucked  
"new hair, pics up tomorrow if i remember"
i never thought missing childeren could be so sexy!
all in all your just another <propmale> with no balls smile 
"let's have a pillow fight  girl i know your type, that's why we turn off the lights"
"every single time you make your way into my sheets the hours move to minutes, but the days turn into weeks  "
as the months turn into years just know that i will wait here   for you
"\if you knew i was dying would it change you\"""""
homecoming week   yay  ?
but your body language is telling me that your worth the pain   
"and we can transform a good girl to a freakk, hangin wit cotee"
procrastanators unite!!   maybe tomorrow  
why do you feel so far when your so close  
"coronation was slightly awkward to sit in front of everyone  parade and game tomorrow then dance on saturday, hopefully it's not too drama filled  "
my trex is pink dammit!!!
was the game rigged?
"i want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world\\like i'm the only one that you'll ever love\\like i'm the only one who knows your heart"
i've been thinking that maybe i can't have relationships because lately they're not making any sense  
"homecoming wasn't too bad, best part was sitting outside with bri and kyrie thinking about <propfemale> wearing a paper sack"
"the best thing to hear from a cop, \i dont like bagels i like doughnuts \"""""
homecoming weekend changed the way i think about alot of people  im more aware of who matters to me and who i could care less about 
coconuts are hard as shit!
i think that possibly maybe i'm falling for you
"i'm open, your closed\where i follow you'll go\i worry i won't see your face\light up again\well even the best fall down sometimes\even the wrong words seem to ryhme\out of te doubt that fills your mind\you will finally find you and i collide"
"the tears that stain my cheek must make me look weak\i wear them proudly\i wear them proud   \you need a doctor baby  ?"
"like this status and i'll finish this sentecnce for you  \truth is  \"""""
"it would have been nice to see skillet tonight, never seen a concert yet  "
truth is   i'm done with you 
brick walls are there to let us prove how badly we want something 
"occasional speech vs informative speech, i find them the same thing  "
you never lose by loving  you always lose by holding back   
i want my dishes to smell sexy 
e playful erience is what you get when everything else doesn't work out  
just got internet back smile 
"it's just a jump to the left, then a step to the right!"
i'm going crazy because there are things in the streets i don't believe   
she fell in love ad now she feel stupid
it's obvious that my heart beats for youu   
"and i'll keep trying to make this happen, i'll go out of my way to make you happy, and i'll keep dying if you keep fighting, i'll go out of my way to make you happy  "
truth is   i'm scared
<propfemale> busy this weekend smile 
how could i say no
"she fell in love and now she feel stupid cuz you know, imma toot it and boot it "
i breathe you in again just to feel you under my skin holding onto the sweet escape is always laced with a familiar taste of poison
"\you know it's a good cheeseburger <propfemale> you go ah! before you eat it\"" says <propfirst>"""
what is love? i don't know anymore
my fish tank is depressing  <propmale> is blind and can barely eat and <propfirst> is the last of it's kind in there 
"i'm sorry, i'm really such a lady  smile "
"\do you want a cookie?\"" \"" no   i've already had four \"""""
"and when the broken hearted people living in the world agree, \there will be an answer, let it be  \for though they may be parted there is still a <propmale> that they will see, \there will be an answer  let it be "
i fail at life 
"has been eating, cleaning, and playing four versions of pokemon on three different devices all day  "
there is a fine line between coincedense and fate   
life lesson learned today: dont let people treat you like crap for years  they will always treat you like crap in the end 
oh country music  the quickest way to bring tears to my eyes  i will fall asleep quickly tonight 
i'm sick of you acting like i owe you this 
have you ever sneezed when you have a migrain?
"\there's a ghost cat in my basement!!\"" says ms johnson"""
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts  dedelee <propfirst>
  don't ever leave me alone  
dirty little lips tell dirty little lies
ce n'est pas <propfemale> faute tu est stupide 
even the best fall down sometimes  
"woke up, decided i might have strep, back to bed"
"\i'll walk his dog\"" says <propfemale> <propfirst> schrimshaw"""
"\i just yelled at turkeys  \"""""
"\yesterday we had fun making babies  \"" says my health teacher """
"just wrapped kristens christmas present, took fifteen minutes and two rolls of tape smile "
watching my mom vaccuum my dog just made my day 
he's the guy that makes me feel like i'm on top of the world  he's the guy that makes me feel like my flaws don't matter  he's also the guy that makes me feel forgotten and unwanted 
i show love through jealousy and slight parnoia i guess  
i like where we are when we drive in your car 
is nerding it up on adventure quest before dance practice
is done 
i just want this day to end already 
"\your hair is like a pomaranians tail! iloveit  \""says <propfemale> <propfirst> schrimshaw"""
mmm food   two thanksgivings tomrrow  friday at aunt paulas all day
"dear heart, \fall in love when your ready  not when your lonely "
veni  verdi  viche 
"\did <propfemale> come to your house last night too? says guy from starbucks """
"\hot topic sells boobs\"""""
"i cocked the pistol, pulled the trigger and all i saw was red "
i just want us to be back the way we were before  
the original sleeping beauty tale changed my life 
everyone is posting about snow or the weather in some way shape or form   i feel left out so i hate snow  okay smile 
"for\the month of december post a pic of your favorite pokemon as your \profile pic  let's see if we can fill facebook with pokemon "
"i love my hedgehog, penelope smile "
confession time  2010 is almost over  inbox me & confess something you've always wanted to tell me
sitting in an empty roomtrying to forget the past  
if i had atelophobia i would be driven insane 
"\take my hand  just fall in love with me again \"""""
i dont understand the number game but it is dominating my news feed haha
pecan pie  love 
even fairytale characters would be jealous!  laugh 
"hello everyone! boys and girls, cats and squirrels!"
my snail's new diet consists of the fish in my fishtank apparantly   
"repost: so, let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the    institution of marriage??? really??? really??? re-post to your <propfemale> if you agree  proud to support equal rights for all!!!"
"just got done wrapping presents, christmas at school tomorrow, why tomorrow? i have no idea smile "
"\what the rhombus?!?\"""""
"school, <propfemale>s house, then the show with <propfemale> <propfirst> schrimshaw , and kyrie <propfirst> !"
beastly show? id say so!
"\an eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind\"" ghandi"""
"five people total wore the same blue hello <propfemale> shirts, myself included, but <propfirst> was the only one cool enough to have one with grey letters    smile "
"every christmas you always hear people saying what they want and what they bought  well, this is what i want: i want people who are sick with no cure to be cured  i want children with no families to be adopted  i want people to never have to worry about food, shelter or heat  now, lets see how many people re-post this who actually care  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts"
why can't i take my wednesday final on tuesday so i don't have to go to school wednesday?
go grease lightning!!
i just want to go back to 7th and 8th grade when there was no worries but still alot of fun smile 
"i know something's wrong\well, everyone i know has got a reason\to say put the past away"
you wont ever realize my heart is screaming for you 
just take my heart because it's yours to hold and yours to break  
"\its like he's driving a piñata   \"""""
aw hell!!
screw christmas 
verbal harassment isn't cool  thank you mr douchebag
had a great time tonight thanks
darling don't lie to me
without struggle there is no progress 
is going back to karate tonight  
the next person i even think about dating will have to be pretty fucking amazing 
burn it down 
"lay down is the hardest trick for my puppy to learn, took a couple months but we finally did it lol"
"\dude life sucks and then you die\"" <propfemale> keig """
i'm turning japanese yes i'm turning japanese i really think so
well imma trample my pride and tell the whole world to dance with me!
if you do not want to see me again i will understand  
damn you french class   now i can't spell english words correctly
going to my first basketball game of the year tonight
"beat sherrard! my cheering must of worked, great game boys!!"
and it goes like this   tell me what to do  
ive gone bloody freaking mad!!
what are we waiting for  ?
''i dont like the clear bottom of that fish tank'' ''um mom you put sand or rock on the bottom''
"yea, aha, you what it is    smile "
driving my parents' truck makes me feel invinceable
why try when people are just going to push you down 
''my penis is paralized!''
loves <propfemale> keig smile  nomnomnomnom
went redneck iceskating wiff emily smile 
no me gusta lavantar el gato 
woot! aquatic swap meet time
this   is   war!
130 dollar dress for sadies? i think yes 
bdubs smile 
'' my dad shot ruffy so shut up''
''even the mothafuckin retards are smart''
no dog will ever be able to replace you  rip <propfemale> <propfirst>
the house feels more empty than ever  
butterflies im your stomache   thats a crappy metaphor  more like killer bees  
puppy bowl smile 
so baby please take my hand and you'll never be alone again
"\we'd make alot more money if we were vampires \"" -mom"""
"''no, im done, im gonna stick a busen burner down your throat and turn on the gas''"
"you were the best thing summer gave me besides silence and no school, no curfew and no rules  "
''his moustach tickles mama''
"''well, maybe once but thats close to a billion right?''"
got a new puppy! her name is madison smile 
im sick of your mouth and your two percent milk
shorts smile 
mon télé parle ce 'nouveau poulet de robot' haha
get these hos up off of me 
"super fun time tonight  <propfirst> rivas should try on his bday present from me and post pics, the top only lol"
''what the hell have i been drinking for the past month?''
  omg brisk is just so   brisky  
im not gonna eat a dead bird am i?
''im gonna put my butt cheeks on that pole and spin aroumd like a motherfucker''
put up pictures of <propfemale> and her haircut smile 
"'she put a bag on my head, still counts!'"
"however when a tarantula is doing pushups on your scalp you dont care how good it is, you just want it off"
taco bell smile 
"<propfemale> fi fo fum, what bean stalk did you fall from?"
i must be dreaming  yeah i must be dreaming  
i want to be an astronaut and get high 
have you hated yourself for staring at the phone? your whole life waiting for the ring to prove your not alone  have you ever been touched so gently you had to cry?   have you ever felt this way  ?
"get off of me, get these hoes up off of me"
y'a pas bézef à faire dans ce bled  
laughter is the best medicine  next to oxycontin
''you know what they should make? 3d girls gone wild''
''id rather sack tap a bear trap''
they say what goes up must come down but dont let me fall 
"does your night include your best friend sending someone to the hospital at a show? why yes, yes it does"
its taking me higher  higher   higher off the ground  
"\i wish i bit the whole thing off  \"" <propfemale> keig"""
night fools  text it 
turkeybacon smile 
wants to draw something  
you make me want to be the best i can be 
no life  get my number and text me smile 
"sibling war! post this is as your status if you're the best and the smartest of your siblings if it stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting, it's true!!!"
you feel like paradise
"i've never smoked weed, popped pills, or drank  post this as your status, and whoever likes it thinks you're lying smile "
"we fell apart, lets make a new start "
''even if i have to drug her i'll do it''
on the xoom in the verizon store
"''he kept peeing everywhere so we decided to just clip it off \"",2011-03-09 21 smile 5:53""",bf33b6f724652755f7cb4191520382ab,face it  it doesnt mean shit unless you take a risk 
kilo jewels   sounds like something a nazi would say 
"love like yours is hard to find, you caught me at a bad time "
"24 ounce coffee, me and my mom playing uno, then kickboxing  its a good night"
new ritual  coffe hound in east mo every friday before kickboxing smile 
panera for the first time for lunch? yes 
dance all night til you cant feel your legs 
party til you pass out  drink til your dead  dance all night til you cant feel your legs 
i  love  dubstep 
the wolverine latte at the coffee hound is where its at 
you know it's a good day when you can pick up your hedgehog barehanded without it biting you smile 
attention: party april 9th is postponed til i get more money and the weather is decent  sad 
"partying with the girls  playing mad gab  easiest one becomes the hardest when you say \thank you butthole\"" instead of \""thank you but no\"""""
"\lick with your <propmale> urgent\"""""
"\high sped erection!\"""""
"build a bear should make strap ons for their <propmale> bears,"
