7d13c98c8fa36292cc0fb072a8d88e53
im watching the 3 stooges  lol classic   
"even though we can't have all we want, we ought to be thankful we don't get what we deserve "
ideas to get for the house? hmmmmmmmmmmm?
what to do for back aches?
finally got my house monday! tuesday after work went there and what did i see a giant dead opossum under the house  the joys of home ownership!!!
"so im in my house now  got everything in, i think? well now its time to relax  anyone got the xbox 360 let me know  im ready to whoop some ass!"
"aphorism: a short, pointed sentence e playful ressing a wise or clever observation or a general truth  1  the nicest thing about the future is that it always starts tomorow 2  if you don't have a sense of humor, you probably don't have any sense at all  3  a good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water  4  money will buy a fine dog, but only kindness will make him wag his tail"
"interesting day today, one of the bartenders shat on himself and decided that he should do his full 9hrs of work anyway  not the first time he did it either  last time he left a little on the floor "
its my friday night      pizza and <propfirst> daniels tonight!!!
watching role models      
just got back from seeing paranormal activity  awesome movie!!!!
thinking of getting a dog soon  not sure of what kind to get?
watching saw <propfemale>     
is restless!!
playing modern warfare 2     
"remember: cell phone <propfirst> go public this month   all cell phone <propfirst> are being released to telemarketing companies and you will start to receive sales calls you will be charged for these calls to prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone:  888-382-1222  it is the national do not call list   it blocks your number for (5) years  you must call from the cell phone number you want to have blocked "
"hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know  copy & paste into your status"
should guns  be outlawed?
"a suitcase full of unmarked bills shows up on your porch, do u keep all the money? or do u turn it all in to the police?"
those who answered keep the money here is pt 2  now drug dealers know u got there money and they know where u are  what do u do?
"ok so a man gets in a elevator with u that smells like old socks, he releases a tremendous burst of acrid flatulence as he gets off the elevator  u are now alone  but the elevator stops right before ur floor, a woman with kids comes in &the kids hold there nose & say u smell like poo  u try to say it wasn't u  but the mom just stares at u with unpleasantness & disgust  what do u do?"
"the 1st man builds it, doesn't want it  2nd man buys it doesn't need it, 3rd man uses it and doesn't know it, what is it?"
looking to adopt a dog   
yeah so im still thinking of the name of my new dog  either <propmale> or conan? help me out
anyone who has ps3 let me know so i can get your gamertag    
here is a list of some movies that are in the making   1  the hobbit 2  conan the barbarian 3  terminator 5 4  the wolfman 5  rambo 5
so whats your favorite movie quote?
its now 2011  whats ur goal for the new year?
i got 3 pairs of socks on and my feet are still cold     
"is the way we are relatively unchangeable, or are we a blank slate ready to be socialized by our environments?"
cats? or dogs?
is it ever ok to hit someone who is bi polar?
does anyone work for entergy that can e playful lain y they charged me $125 extra between fuel adjustment and other crap fees that they make up? i would love to have a long chat with you 
"if someone offered you $1,000,000 to make a bet against the saints in the super bowl would you take it?"
is worried about a friend
"the greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances "
hey thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
"well since it seems people will buy anything i thought i would put out my most valuable piece on ebay its used toilet paper from the crack of the great <propfirst> <propmale>  hand crafted of the finest threads, glitter included  bids start at a $100  \ just beat it!\"""""
is sitting back relaxing watching netflix on xbox 
whats some names that make u think of old people?
whats some things old people are allowed to get away with because they are old?
they say with the new gov  health care everyone will be required to have insurance if not they will be fined by the i r s   why??????????
whats your all time favorite movie?
favorite 80's movie??????????
went to see the play wicked  it was awersome!
is playing splinter cell conviction 
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and thought im a sexy beast! so i asked myself if i wanted to get breakfast at i hop  myself said yes   we both had the breafast sampler  great conversations we had within our minds  then myself offered to buy me a power ball ticket which i took up on the offer  so now we wait for the 252 million that we will win 
you know what time it is!!!!!!!
jazz fest tomorrow!!!
your 1 wish would  be ________?
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: holy   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: sexy   12: hot   13: funny   14: meek 15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: bold  19: joyful  20: kind  be honest!!!!
face book is pissing me off i can't write everthing on here  i have to give u the short version but u can ask me questions  i didn't see anything  i heard sqeaking or a dog whining in the basement  our voice recorder is under testing and ill get results from that in about a week  im still skeptical!
down below these are the pics i took from my investagation from the mortuary  there is one pic out of all that really got my attention  i don't want say which one  look 17-20 and tell me if u see anything strange about one of them 
please tell who are u going for in rampage vs  evans  i need to know what some people are thinking here 
is playing red dead redemption   
waiting for the ufc fight  its gonna be a good one tonight!
if u were to slap your significant other in the face  what cool sentence would you use to also get your point across while doing it?
is spending time with the family 
"as people grow up, they realize it becomes less important 2 have more friends and more important to have real friends  you know who you are   "
"our prime purpose in this life is to help others  and if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them "
"is in gulf shores alabama  weather is good, beach is awesome, and the waves are kicking "
is watching shark week    
thinks some people wake up and eat a massive bowl of stupid for breakfast  every morning   
there are two words in a person's life that will open a lot of doors for them    pull and push
about to go and see the e playful endables tonight
i swear the next person who says its not the heat its the humidity will quickly learn its not my foot its the roundhouse!!
"when a man talks dirty to a woman, it''s sexual harassment  when a woman talks dirty to a man, it''s $4 95 a minute "
lucky enough for you i am a doctor  now i can already clearly see whats wrong with you so what i'm gonna do for you is write you a prescription for 2 testicles
"i love it when i am being me, because it seems to be pissing off all the right people   smile "
what is a funny memory moment you remember that we have shared?
the democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not  -<propfirst> <propmale>
"[question] if we were stuck in an elevator together for 4 hours, what would we do to amuse ourselves?"
lets play 5 word story!!   i'll start        their once was a girl
wonders if anyone else has road rage when pushing a cart through the aisles at wal-mart?
"laaaah, lah, lah, lah   wait till i get my money right!"
going to see the last exorcism tonight
8 surprise 0pm starts ufc  about to win me some money     
<propfirst> <propfirst> really thinks he will knock out <propfirst> courture  are u serious?
anyone interested in buying a used xbox 360 with a 20 gb hard drive? works great  i wanted to get rid of it cause i  don't need 2 xboxes 
is watching monster squad 
does anyone have a pet carrier for a cat or a small dog? im looking for one the one i had the cat played houdini and got out the carrier while i was driving  not cool!!!!
"just watched the movie over the top  i am now pumped up, and feel like arm wrestling    "
"yeah, im a thousandaire  i eat out at outback on weekends, go to the movies and pay for the updated 3d version at the movies  i got bling, bought at wal mart didn't need lay-away   throwing out pennies like it was <propfemale>!"
has voted for an entry
besides the obvious of going 2 the vet  anyone know what type of worm looks like rice in ur pets stool? and what i can get to kill it?
"if anyone is planning 2 see resident evil after life, i beg u not 2  it was so horrible i wasted about 1 1 2 hours of my life and now am suffering from it  i am now dumber & my eyes & brain were raped from watching this  i would rather have gone seen the <propfemale> spears movie cross roads, eat ice cream & cry besides the speci   al effects there was nothing remotely interesting about this movie "
"so the one chore i don't mind doing is vacuuming, but i don't understand the high, medium and low setting on the vacuum is it the wheel spin up high or they mean the carpet is high  man this is confusing!!!! grrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!"
so what's some good dvd's that are coming out that ya'll want to see?
anyone with netflix and xbox 360? still haven't tried to party thing where u and others can watch movies  if you got it let me know    
i would like to challenge 1 million people on facebook to send me $1 this month!
thinks a home is not a home without pet fur   what kind of pets do u own?
is watching <propfirst> powers-man of mystery      
time for a corona      
do you think blu-ray disc will be taking over regular dvds or will net  streaming wipe that out?
is watching the fights!
alright! whos going out to get their hartley jersey? who dat!!!!
going to the mortuary this weekend    anyone else going?
the mortuary was really cool  way better than last year!
is watching the movie step brothers    
anyone getting metal of honor for ps3?
"sexual harassment, does sexual harassment happen in your work place?"
is watching demoliton man    
has anyone heard about fema giving more money out? whats that about?
please fire hartley! he is useless     
you're one ugggly mother f@#%er ( in my <propmale> scwarzenegger voice)
"im as calm as the breeze,im the bees knees,his arms,and his legs  girl im a super <propfemale>!!"
claim has completed the initial review stage and now is being analyzed and calculated based on information provided by claimant 
xbox kinect is off the chain!
<propmale> got me working harder than <propfemale> man in a shoe factory over at his office 
"some people r scared of clowns, others bugs, i'm scared of animals with human like hair  its just very creepy looking, its not right    what r some other things that creep u out?"
call of duty tonight  if u want some come and get it   
"pretty crazy day today, my cat got locked in the closet and i went to eat breakfast, came home found him blood all over hurt his paw trying to get out, then someone shot my neighbor's dog, chased it then shot it through the eye "
"warning kenners cici's pizza last week \im taking a piss looking around they have hair,stains,pee,creatures not discovered yet by scientist on this urinal  next i know im puking all over cause of how gross it is  go to wash up then start thinking ,& once again im puking all over the mirror & facuet, after finally give myself a wink and a smile and leave  please don't use their bathrooms!"
"so i'm watching the news  and  the big highlight says \snooki the next <propfemale> stewart?\"" what the hell? am i missing something?"""
playing dc universe on playstation   
setting up friday for my 2nd ghost investigation inside the mortuary   smile 
a customer lost their tooth in the casino on the floor  do we bring it to lost and found? lol   
can't wait till warmer weather  
"quote of the day \ this wedding is horse shit! \"""""
does anyone have netflix on xbox 360 that uses the party mode?
"if you and i are in jail for something we did the night before, what would we have done?"
"is listening back to the voice recorder, \evps\""  from the mortuary investigation  a few of us smelled burning like a match  {i can promise n surprise ne had matches} thinking what it could have been?"""
i think i want to be an animal cop     
so we all hear the younger generation say that you are getting  old  i want to know what is the official age that you are an old geezer? or maybe it depends?
is playing fight night champion   
drunk rockband is always fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"if you work for entergy and you are on my friends list  please delete yourself and save me the hassle  i don't care if you just work there  \ you suck too!\"""""
if older women that like younger men are called cougars  what do you call old men who like younger women?
