9d10d3a7e4f083b59ca6a3945eb6edf8
"its snowing, and its beatiful cause im inside a cozy office!  smile "
soakin up the sun after a day at the beach  smile 
out in newport!!!
bridgets bday lunch  smile 
the rain didnt get me down   what a wonderufl day in la with amazing people   smile 
sales meeting
ny to ca and now vegas!!!! livin life and lovin every minute  smile 
oh the friday drive from la to oc on the 405 how i've missed you
"saved by the <propfemale>, coconut coffee, eggs, and <propfemale> skies   what a great saturday morning!"
salt creek beach  smile 
nyc tomorrow!!
nyc bound  smile 
dinner and fat baby <propmale>! come meet us!!!  smile  ugh i love ny
laker game at bro jimmys!!
back to ca  smile 
downtown fullerton tonight  smile 
life is so funny   
batchlorette with the girls!!!
dodger game with <propfemale> cohen to wrap up an amazing weekend!  smile 
<propfemale> beach for brunch and hopefully some sun!
newport!!!  smile 
dodgers game!!!  smile 
out in la with the girls tonight!  smile 
vegas bound!!!!
oc!  smile 
missing nyc right now
disneyland!!
why is wine on a wednesday so good!?
moving on down to manhattan with @<propfemale> ostry!  smile 
happy birthday to my mommy!!!  smile  out and about for a day of fun
"pool, drinks, bars, good people- what a great day!"
"\it's not creepy   it's tenacious\"" what a beautiful statement"""
sc game!!
25 mile bike ride to san <propmale> with my mommy!
newport  smile 
i just like to smile- smiling my favorite!
meeting  
girltalk is the only thing getting me through this nasty drive down the 405!!
woo hoo newport! <propfemale> christmas everyone
run on the strand on this beautiful california day!
hermosa tonight!! it's going to be a good one  smile 
i decided it's time to get acquainted with facebook again  wink 
i love american idol!!!!
weather like this makes me want summer now!!
st  pattys day celebration!!
6 hours and counting till nyc!!!!
finally back in my favorite city!
<propmale> for some food and fun  smile 
good night new york
stagecoach!!!!!!  smile 
bring on the cowboys!
i am not sober  smile 
palm springs bound for my bday weekend with the girls  smile 
thanks everyone for making me feel so special with all the birthday love!!
