5f5bf1645990e0e1be0fdb09d593dc53
"is laughing at all the people with hangovers today   martinelli's sparkling apple cider ftw   oh, but does that mean i'm not allowed to watch the hangover today?  poo    sad "
"oh, <propfirst> dawson   you do make me smile   too bad you're nearly ten years older than me    sad "
is testing out her new facebook <propfemale>  =p
is watching myth busters with her very asleep mom   isn't her life exciting?
is fighting a <propmale> case of the hiccups 
spent the afternoon watching little einstiens with one of the coolest little girls she's ever met 
just set off her own house's alarm system  urgggg 
"is enjoying not partaking in the apocalypse, also known as the 'battle of the valley'   go individuality "
rain makes me    1  lethargic 2  want to read 3  calm 4  unwilling to do my homework 5  sleepy 6  happy   smile  what about you?
"just finished <propfemale> hopkins' book, identical  if you like the english language and haven't heard of her, shame on you- get to books store, help out our economy  you gotta jump on this book before it becomes the next twilight  thought her other books were trippy? just wait   this book keeps you interested, disgusted, in awe to the end, where it dumps you on your ass with your head spinning  trust me- you'll love it "
is eating steak   jealous?
just went on a run and now has an upset stomach   sad 
is wondering why she is still awake 
is going to the beach   laugh 
is procrastinating   ftw?
"just went to the fridge for the third time, rummaged around for something to eat once again for the third time, and the concluded that there is nothing good to eat for   ? you guessed it   the third time "
"is majorly stressed   would be aprectiated if someone held a pity party, cause i need one "
just got her hair cut   very petty   laugh 
ima boombel beeeee   laugh 
is officially excluding herself from interaction with the male species  period 
"is confused   is conusing, mefinks   oh well "
my phone is most definitely hiding   or i have finally actually lost it   i've never been much of an optimist 
is in a good mood   and is wide awake   and is smiling waaay too much while writing this 
just got back from jazz choir rehersal   i'm pumped   there's a real <propmale> i get a solo in a sappy love song with my jewbro   sooooo good   picture it:  jacon carmack and i singing to each other in front of hundreds of people   ?  gonna be amazing 
nighty-night   i'm trying out this new thing where i go to sleep at a decent time 
"had a dream about finding her phone   it would appear my subconsious is looking for it, too "
guess who found her phone?    after it went through the wash 
my phone is in icu   i will keep you all updated with recovery    laugh 
my phone still works!!! huzzah!
<propfemale>'s rebellion=epic fail 
wants band names that have female lead singers and an original sound   help?
"i just want to anounce, world, that  <propfemale> henderson and i are running away together   it's been fun hiding our secret love away from you all, but she's been pushing for marriage    my baby gets what she wants   you probably won't hear from us again, but don't cry   chill harder   smile "
was just reffered to as a 'saucy wench'   first time for everything?
has soap in her eyes    sad 
"my brother's home   everybody say 'hi, brother'    smile "
mmmmm    don't we just love hypocrisy?
"i love house, md   good night, world!"
and i was so convinced i was above average teenaged drama   looks like i know less about myself than i thought 
good music is chicken soup for the soul   listen to the foo fighters with me?
dear world: being sad is overrated   anger is what it's all about 
"homework day   no fun day   dislike, dislke, dislike "
"photoshop frustrates me   yes, i entered in the right serial number   you just don't like me enough to work!!"
two minutes ago:  eta is 10 minutes   now:  eta is an hour    annoyed   grrrrr   
deleted the text messages   moving on is for winners 
"deep breaths   five hours of rehearsal to come   if you here about a massacre on the news occurring at canyon middle school, you know where to point fingers "
"bad, bad, bad morning   so, my carpool's car broke down, and that means walking to school and being a little late with a pass   no big deal, right?  except i fall on the way there   hard   half of my knee is covered with a rasberry, and that meant being even later to my first period:  pe   i rush to put my backback in my locker, and it jams   greeeeaaat   someone out there is laughing their ass off at me "
has a booboo 
"first bit of free time in three days   as in, a moment that's longer than the time alotted to post something and run out the door   remind me what i used to do with this time?"
"place to be tomorrow night:  canyon middle school (d-11), 7 surprise 0 o'clock, 'everything i ever wanted'   i will be having a mental breakdown sob session on stage   come seeeee it   give me a hug after the show if you're there because of this post    smile "
"come to the show   come to the show   you will like it   i promise   smile   oh, and guess who didn't completely fail at her geometry test?  <propfemale> did "
play was great   i'm still running on post-show adrenaline(sp?)   going to cast party    in an amazing mood    smile 
"back from the cast party   oh, isn't it fun being hit on by a bunch of sixth graders?  they're all cute, but no, i don't have any classes with you   that's because you're ten "
is skipping out on her volunteer shift   i just wish i had something equally rebel-like to do instead   sleeping sounds slightly sad 
figured out what to do today  <propmale> session    smile   i already know what sketch i'm doing: http annoyed  media photobucket com image model shyjonesmodel model jpg?o=7    isn't she funny?
"after 4+ hours of putsing around doing not much of anything, i have about three fingers of my 'model''s hand done   such is the life of an artist    smile "
"ah, twilight series    i think i see a glimmer of hope for your quality, and then you slam me with the acting skills of <propfirst> pattinson   what a shame "
"good morning, world   today: more <propmale>, more homework, more putsing, and jew school   not a bad day, overall    smile "
"loves sholani macaddan   and <propfemale> henderson   and house, md   jeeze, i really need to limit my love affairs, don't i?"
is seriously missing the <propfemale> of the supermarket    sad 
"another performance tonight, although this one isn't as important   winter concert with jazz choir   alas, no solo this time, but that's cause there wasn't a song with one   next time, my darlings     smile "
"had fun at the choir performance   allah <propfirst>, i love you and your clumsiness   made my day    smile "
thinks someone should come over and feed me   know how to boil water?  you're invited    smile 
thinks hot showers are quite possibly the most amazing thing imaginable   you know what's not?  how cold you are afterwards   d:
"the weather outside is frightful, but inside it's so delightful   what?!  jews can like christmas jingles too!!"
"hello, bombshell!!  (that one was for <propfemale> and for the awkwardness of changing backstage during 'everything i ever wanted' )   smile "
"the law is for shmuks   except for that whole, you know, justice system thing    yeah    maybe not    smile "
story of the day:  i recontly bought some really nice boots that i knew were water damage suscepitble   my brain was apparently turned off this morning because i decided wearing them was a good idea   i ended up walking around half a mile of rough path to where i get picked up with broken glass all over it in my socks while it was raining   but my boots survived!   laugh 
"you know, most of the time i love my mom   but there are a few days here and there when she gets pissy and mean for no reason, and it makes me want to do something very much like a teenage rebellion "
"is at the oakland zoo today until four for a volunteer shift   come say hi   i won't bite, but i can't promise anything for the animals    smile "
just got back from <propfemale> <propmale>'s birthday party   can i be proud of the fact i was the only one who didn't fart the entire party?  i think not 
has a big ass spider about two feet away from her head   helpppp?
"misses her grandma   i have quite possibly the greatest grandma ever   she makes me laugh   too bad we have a country in between us   oh, and is it sad that i have a status about my grandma?"
"oy, jeeze   don't do that   i'm really, really done "
"cops is so legit   i don't ever want to go to jail, but if i have to, i want to be featured   can someone make that happen for me?  thanks    smile "
loves you    smile 
didn't realize it was kahlua until her head started hurting   who knew i couldn't tell if i was drinking alchohol?  frat boys are gonna have such fun spiking my drinks    annoyed 
is considering skipping school tomorrow   how pissed off would mrs  stiedel be if a jazz choir kid didn't show up to the assembly?
does anyone know what time the first half of the assembly ends?
"rix linayao is my hero   best dance routine ever   worth going to school for the first two hours   oh, and isn't it a bit of an oxymoron to be a 4 0 student while skipping school?  i think so    smile "
is working on a gift for the mother   petty flower    smile   i'll make sure to post it when i'm done 
"is coverred in paint and finished   three hours of work, water color pencils   i really like it   i'll post it when it's dry!"
ahhh!  hawaii in two days   who's coming with me stowed away in my luggage?
is watching the hangover 
"the human subconsious is a very interesting thing   i was having a drean sometime this morning about taking an essay test in history   my brain, or the part of it that makes decisions when i'm not consious, decided waking up was better than staying asleep and watching   cool, huh?"
uh oh   i'm painting again!  and i still have packing to do   someone stop me!   surprise 
is going to hawaii!!  why else would i be up at this hour?  talk to you ckickas later!   smile 
"is a sea turtle stalker   hawaii is amazing   i wish you were all here to snorkel with me   oh, and cranky middle-age asian men do not make for good condo partners "
saw air force one today   mr  president obama is in the hood 
hawaiians of the male variety are indeed a win   i do love this place    smile 
"is back from hawaii   i miss it already   i want to live there for ever and ever and ever and ever   childish?  eh   maybe   but then again, hey, nice to meet you, my name's <propfemale>    smile "
"has been having quite possibly the strangest dreams of my life as of late  <propmale> sears, <propfemale> lushington and <propfemale> ippolito have all made very odd appearances   random, yes   entertaining, most definitely    smile "
"found her history book under two weeks worth of dirty dishes, wrappers and the other random crap that ifnds its way onto my desk   do you know how much i would like to have another two week layer added?  probably, cause you're all going back to school like i am   d:"
"misses people   a little sad today   no brother (yes, i miss his obnoxious self), no hawaiian weather, less free time, and no quality tv    sad "
toooooo much work from mrs  hansen   agree?  like it 
wants that solo soooo bad she can taste it 
"is going to the mall with <propmale> <propfemale>, also known as my queer of choice   love you, <propmale>!   smile "
spend the day at the zoo   mandatory meetings=poop    sad 
"'s atom looks like someone threw up red vines and cashews all over it, but hey, it's done    smile "
can't remember the last time she saw herself without makeup and jewelery and all the things that define her   kind of sobering to see it all gone   i'm still trying to figure out if i like what i see 
"is a complete idiot   i started boiling water to make some pasta over an hour ago   i then proceeded to forget about it   cut to five minutes ago, i notice my windows are starting to steam up   fml "
"chilled at peidmont avenue for a few hours with <propmale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> henderson, now having dinner with the fambam plus them two    smile "
"wants a shopping <propmale>   interested and free anytime the next two days?  hook me up, buttercup    smile "
made coffee banana bread   want some?
"went back to the mall today   vs's wasn't the same with out you, <propmale> <propfemale>, but atleast i had enough cash to buy something this time    smile "
"<propmale> with henderdaughter (ha) tonight   henderdaughter, you better comment   otherwise i will feel stupid    sad "
"is lovin her some mango salsa   so, how about that weather?   smile "
"mkay, that's the third time someone's commented on my boobs today   can i shoot someone now?  no?  okay "
wishes the weather would just decide 
"<propfirst> gonzales, you are in my thoughts   feel better soon   there are plenty of people here for you "
"middle school dances=ridiculous   for those of you who are cool like me and stayed home, good for you   for those that will find this on an hour and a half,   get you're hormones in check and find something better to do "
makin some cookies with <propfemale> ippolito in an hour   nom nom nom
"just got back from <propfemale>'s place   next up:  jew school   i love you, jew friends    smile "
"so, does anyone else hate it when everyone is available on chat except the one person you want to talk to?  i would say fml, but i think it's a little extreme in this case "
all of you ask me things http annoyed  www formspring me mira32196
"cookie cookie cookie starts with,    what was it again?  oh right   c    smile "
"loves the fact that obama's making tons of old stuffy people laugh in a super serious speech (re annoyed tate of the union adress)   i only know about around half of the stuff he's talking about, but hey, i'm trying    smile "
"needs to stop joining everything she sees   can you, world, help me in this by not making such clever little snippets as titles that i cannot resist?  thanks   i apreciate it "
"is seeing rent tonight   you all should be there   actually, who is gonna be there?  i'll feel like a dweeb if i have to <propfemale> out with my parents the entire thing "
"unhealthy   unhealthy   you know when you can tell something is alllllll wrong and it's never gonna work and it's never gonna happen and you want it so bad?  self destruction in action   can't stop now, though   wish me luck?"
"wants to tip her head sideways and watch these thoughts fall   i think i finally understand why people do drugs   i'm not interested, but a break from reality when reality isn't great is a nice thought   oh well "
"is trying to get stuff done and failing   text me, perhaps?  510-882-3734"
spent the night on the hornet 
is doing her isearch on the history and legalization of marijuana    smile 
there's someone in my head but it's not me 
"doppleganger week  change your profile picture to someone famous you've been told you look like  after you post the picture, copy this into your status"
needs a clear mind and a more in depth view at the same time   yay for self conflict?
talked about several good things with several good people last night   *gasp* could life finally be righting itself again?   smile 
my grandma and your grandma sittin by the fire   my grandma said to your grandma i'm gonna set your flag on fire 
hanging on in quiet desperation is the english way   the time is gone  the song is over  thought i'd something more to say  -my thoughts at this time more often than not   can someone please shut off my brain so i can sleep?
is now set up with voice lessons with <propfemale> <propfirst>   who else works with her?  other than you creeksiders    smile 
"thinks that middle school is for people who can tollerate ignorance   oh wait, that's what society's for   grrrrr high school, come faster, please "
won the sos essay contest (eighth grade) biiaaaaaatch
"wants to chill with you tonight   text me, por favor?  even if we don't usually talk   especially if we don't really talk "
"goodbye to sleep   i think this staying up is exactly what i need   well take apart your head   take apart the counting, and the flock it has bred  (maybe the reason i have been screwed in the head lately is because of this music i listen to (damn rock and roll screwin up the youths (???)))"
is choosing to be happy today 
"is officially, full out sick   love you too, world "
"<propfemale> christabel <propfemale> <propmale> is coming over to entertain <propfemale> the sickie   thank god, cause i have abslolutely noooothing to do "
"did not want to see the video of the sledding accident with the olympics   (erase, please?)"
"has finally, honestly stopped caring what people think "
first voice lesson with ms  <propfirst> tonight   she's hella nice   and her cat is a beast 
"true love can be whishpered from heart to heart, when lovers are parted they say   but i must depend on a wish and a <propfemale>, as long as my heart doesn't know who you are     goodnight, my someone, goodnight "
is celebrating chinese new year a week too late at a party with <propfemale> henderson and <propmale> carmack (who is performing in a show as well!!!) 
is writing   it helps with thinking   it also makes me very very sad   but that's just life 
went 11 hours without power last night 
"i am repeating this status because no one helpful    well   helped   i wants to know who i want as far as teachers for freshman year  this includes advanced science, algebra 2, pe, and french "
"has given up   i am, officially, a tea person "
chimp+piece of rope wrapped around chimp's body=beginning of fashion 
seeing <propfemale> in won-deaf-land in a few   except i'm not ready and i'm leaving in five minutes   ha    smile 
"had choir this morning, choir this afternoon, vocal rehearsal with sholani macadaan a little later and coming up, a singing lesson   voice tired much?  i think so "
"just found out her parents are not helping with paying for a car at all, despite good grades jobs what not   yeah   not so good "
psssst     guess who found her graduation dress?  <propfemale> did    smile 
*generic i-search sucks status*
just logged onto facebook to find that 209 people want to be my friend   is someone playing a trick on me?
needs new music   what say you?
"hasn't drawn in over a month, and oh, it shows   but at least it's still fun "
"for best singer?  i thinks so   if you do too, you should vote    smile "
"nitin:  \you suck \""  me:  \""you suck for money \""  nitin:  \""you suck for free \""  dear nitin bajaj:  you win    for now """
jazz choir poop in fifteen minutes   we gotta impress them fifth grade kidies 
drama dorks are the very best people out there   no joke 
mummy's pissed   wruh wroh 
is going to top thai with the father because his fancy suffle(sp?) didn't come out well   hahahaha   life is not all bad    smile 
"dear high school, come now please???  thanks a bunch, <propfemale> "
tryout for pops poop tomorrow   wish me luck and stuff?  given my accompaniment actually decides to work     smile 
had a salad for a snack instead of the see's candies that were calling her name   i am slightly (extremely) unhappy with this decision 
's brother is home   makes for good conversation and cramped living conditions   eh   i'll make the trade four times a year    smile 
"thankie for the birthday wishes!  it was a nice day   my brother is from now on referring to me as a some-teen   ha-ha, <propmale>   ha-ha "
"you know, sometimes life has a lot of stuff going on outside of school   and sometimes not   this is one of those 'not' times   boo "
has fallen back in love with bloons   classic 
is learning how to sew   you can catch me on project runway 
"'s papa is in saudi arabia   great place for a jew, right?"
is still amazed daily by middle school students   i'm just seriously thankful that there are also people in my age group that actually care about others   they keep me sane 
    and why am i up??
"went to the gym with her momma   2 5 <propmale> on the treadmill and an hour of arm ab reps, and i'm thinking i'll be hurtin tomorrow    smile "
absolutely adores getting emails about meeting 'lovely russian women' 
"starts her first real day of work tomorrow   assistant for hugely succesful and brilliant physicist, anyone?  i think so    smile "
i'm at work and on facebook   what is wrong with this picture?  oh   right   i haven't actually been asked to do anything   hope i still get paid 
is considering making a procrastination song   eh   i'll do it tomorrow 
"iq of 138, according to semi-professional online test   do i believe it?  debatable "
worst head ache i've had in years   fever   school tomorrow?  we'll see 
is finally feeling better   migraines: looks like i have them   yipee?
"   sleep is overrated, anyway "
going to midrasha tonight for the first time in foreverrrr   i missed my jew friends there    smile 
"<propfemale>    summer vacation, anyone?"
"things i have eaten today:  chinese takeout leftovers, frozen pizza, ice cream with fudge    am i an american yet?"
"doesn't it kinda suck when a friend's parents don't like you?  super bummer, and i feel terrible about the effects it causes for my friend    sad "
science bowl today   science nerds ftw 
dislikes the fact that clams are invertibrates 
is there ever a time that i do feel 100%?  not that i can remember 
   might start modeling?   smile 
home sick   i hate my immune system 
is going to irvine tomorrow   brother+beach+shopping+good food+nice weather+a change in pace= a good time?   smile 
what what?  no more theater?  no  this cannot be 
is choosing to believe she can fully rectify years of bad diet by eating carrots for a snack 
"is wishing for a change   summer, mayhaps?"
is reading an intense and old zombie book   bugging out   it's crazy 
maaaallllllllllllll today   who wants to go with me so we can people watch?
is going pp tomorrow!!!   smile )))))
"enjoys spreading the love with this status mess   even though it's a chain, i'll excuse it just this once   so, if you like this status, i'll be sure to leave you a compliment or a memory or whatever "
"feels a little excluded, but hey, that's life, right?"
math final time limit laugh eath 
"enjoys not going to the dance   seriously?  it's an excuse to bump and grind just because you feel like you can cause you're now a 'young adult'   sorry to rain on your parade, but i'll pass "
"so, my brother is home for the first time in months, and the first thing he does is walk into my bedroom and t-bag me   oh, the joys of siblings "
loves her some sweeny <propmale> 
can we just skip the whole wait two hours in the sun just to hear your name called and get to freetime and friends and sun?  that's where i want to be 
it's kind of amazing just how terrible some people are and just how little they care 
"you know, it might have taken me fourteen years to realize it, but siblings are not all bad    smile "
is going on a boat 
is actually a little afraid   wish me luck?  i hope i don't need it 
turns out i'm just abnormal   yayy    smile 
always pleasant to be in bed and find a spider on your leg    annoyed 
doing the boulevard with <propfemale> henderson at some point today   want to meet us there?   smile 
"to eat at my house: homemade <propmale> and cheese, salad, watermelonade   want to eat dinner with me?   smile "
screaming brand new lyrics with <propfemale> christabel <propfemale> <propmale> = ultamite fun    smile 
is drawing again   it feels ridiculously good   <propfemale> <propfemale> later tonight    gonna chill with my choir nerds    smile 
"loves seeing little girl's profiles saying they were born in 1994 when they have their high school graduation year listed as 2016   if you're gonna lie about your age, you might as well do it consistently "
"even though i'm an angsty teenager and, therefore, must hate my parents on principal, sometimes there isn't much better in the world than my father, a park, and a couple of steaks    smile "
"do you ever get the feeling that the more you put into a relationsip or friendship, the less you get out of it?"
has strange dreams 
"has felt a little antisocial this past week   in a bit of a funk, take me out of it?  let's do something tomorrow "
"hair cut   i don't notice a difference, but hey "
urrrgnnnhhhh    too       early 
ouch 
"you stole   from the cradles they were rocked in   you took the first words that they spoke    yeah, you stole "
"well, hey, making an idiot out of myself isn't anything new, so i'm gonna say that went pretty well    smile "
relay for life    smile 
"fiiiirst day at spindrift   it's a really young group, but that means less crappy competitive juju to deal with   i can already tell it's gonna be a great show    smile "
"   not gonna lie, today wasn't great   i have two options: totally let it get to me, probably let it ruin the rest of this e playful erience   or, try to do my best with the hand i was dealt and be satisfied with that   or really, just say 'screw it' and quit   i'm not sure which road i'm gonna take "
"everyone thinks they know best, when really all anyone knows is how to make noise   i feel like i should tape my mouth shut "
"sorry to burst your bubble, but i don't think posting a chain status is going to prove your 'love to god' "
"no harm, no foul was vedy vedy good   i partied on <propmale> lushington's roof   good night    smile "
"wow   nothing like starting your morning by fainting   so, guess who's not going to rehearsal?"
mexican coca-cola    ?
"i owe <propfemale> saylor and her dogballhands the winning lottery <propfirst>   seriously, <propfemale>   i don't know what would have happen without you "
and so it continues 
thinks you should see seussical the musical this friday or saturday night   i will be shaking my butt   repeatedly   isn't that enough reason?
naps are for people just getting out of rehearsals    smile 
"screw 42, homemade chocolate frosting still warm out of the pan = the meaning of life    smile "
"is leaving for opening night of seussical the musical soon   come support me?  7 o'clock tonight, 2 tomorrow   i'd love to see you "
i like punching myself in the face repeatedly until i can't feel it any more  then i laugh until i pass out
"sooo, i was hoping vacation would take my mind of of things   has it?  no   it's just given me more time to think   greaaat "
the opposite of war is not peace; it's creation 
horse back riding is for people with much stronger legs   oouwwwch   still great to be back on a horse after a year and a half 
plane ride 
"dreamt that her mom forced her to become a nun   new jewish practice, methinks?   laugh "
"heeere we go,\0 vocal ensemble, susoeff\1 english, paris\2 ccg, whitaker\3 honors bio patrick\4 <propmale>, klews\5 munch a bunch at lunch\6 pe iglesias\7 algebra 2 adv , mitchell\please, please, pleeease, even if we don't talk that much, let me know if we have a class together   i'm starting to feel like a loner "
"my computer has a bug and is freeeaking out, but i'm too cheap to buy anything to fix the problem   does anyone have any free alternatives?"
"how i wish you were here   we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year "
"good luck, my fellow freshmen, and i'll meet you at the finish line  ?"
    so all the high school hype led up to that?    kind of a let down 
<propmale> often sounds like english + a healthy dose of alcohol    i'm thinking this is no coincidence 
creepy men playing jazz and talking about their sex life = a nice weekend in sf    smile 
"on my own, pretending he's beside me   (i love <propmale> miserables )"
  why did i feel the need to like a million stupid pages a year ago and leave present me to painstakingly remove them one at a time?
dirty dancing   ?
"dear guys at cvhs:  could you please not spit everywhere all over campus so that the rest of us have to play minesweeper: lugi edition?  gee, thanks "
oakland zoo calls   i'd absolutely love to see someone there   surprise me?
is shuperly duperly excited for improv this year    smile 
"i'm so classy, i put a plastic bag in my lap as a napkin as i eat safeway chinese food "
ugabugah   (i picked this up from frau )   smile 
"one year ago today, i joined this time sucking jerk of a <propfemale> called facebook   here's to 365 days and 364 wasted    smile "
just remember to always give yourself an out   you don't know how much your future self appreciates it 
<propfemale> saylor and lenee madera owe me a cookie   jerks 
"  who in the right mind thinks walking up to a girl you barley know, putting your arm around her and referring to her as \my sexiness\"" is cool?  honestly   way creepy """
does anybody else absolutely hate crying in front of other people?
boo at the zoo is amazingly cute   you should come visit <propfemale> and see all the kiddies in their costumes    smile 
i refuse to admit that i'm too old to trick or treat   ahthankyou 
"i would write a status about how annoying it is to have a million statuses about the giants clogging up my newsfeed, but that would be adding to the problem   oh wait   "
is worried for him 
my grandma is coming to visit   best thing ever    smile 
"word to the wise: if you think you're going to get hurt, chances are, you are "
tired in more ways than one 
i have the most uncanny ability to write something down and not absorb it at all 
"   why, mr  <propfirst>?  why would you assign a project due on the day of the <propmale> potter premiere?  do you hate us?  did we do something to hurt you?  i don't understand    heart-broken "
hp 7 with some of my favorite people   anyone else going to the 6:45 @ chabot?
i will not be eating until 7 o'clock this evening   i barely ate last night   why?  it's freaking thanksgiving  ?
"i am so different than i was a year ago, and even more so than the year before that   it's kind of psyching me out "
sad   legitimately   i wish things could stabilize for a change 
"really, really, really unfun end to an otherwise really, really, really nice night "
"i ? free technology   thank you, <propmale> muhlfelder, for the itouch   even if it is scratched up and first gen    smile "
"<propfemale>, so i'll admit it    i'm becoming one of those people who are absolutely obsessed with lost   ?"
"is hiding from the testosterone invasion upon her house, known as a <propfemale> party   the joys of being a sibling "
just stay with me   i promise   i'll try 
i have been home alone all day and just realized it 5 minutes ago   i am a master of observation 
  remind me not to stay up till 3 in the morning when i have stuff to do the next day 
"bored, conflicted, annoyed and frustrated, all at the same time "
"   i don't know how this happened, but i have no one to do new years with   wow i'm lame   anyone want to adopt me tonight?"
"i like when you see something on your wall or whatever and then facebook sends you a notification for it 5 minutes later   well, aren't you proud of yourself, fb?"
people need to figure out how to give take a compliment   it's time for a chain reaction   spread it 
i hate people 
"  sorry, but there's no way i'm staying up past 11 to make a wish   i like sleep better than pointless cultural nuances "
"my house very nearly caught on fire this afternoon,    close calls, anyone?"
i love little kids   so much 
facebook off   tv off   phone off   life off   hello finals 
"dear world: i am now officially freaking out over finals   love, <propfemale>    annoyed "
being at the emergency room is not exactly how i imagined i'd spend my day today 
"i hate people who say they hate drama, cause 90% of the time it isn't true   in all honesty, i'd rather put energy toward something productive than spend time worrying about another person   this isn't a cover, it's just the truth "
pops   has   eaten   my   life 
400 hundred friends on facebook   am i cool yet?   no? okay 
"i hate my immune system   any time, seriously any time, there's a bug going around, i catch it   full on "
it's funny; the things i find myself living for are the things i will never be able to predict   there is no reason or rhyme to what makes a person tick 
"is getting on a red eye in t-minus two and a half hours   goodbye california, hello, philadelphia    smile "
"i'm forever blowing    bubbles, pretty bubbles    in the air "
"has been reading her honors bio text book aloud to herself for the past three hours   sadly, the family member most concerned about this is my dog "
why do ants love me?
i find it kind of ridiculous we celebrate a person's birth and not their mother's hard work   she's the one who went through hours of discomfort   you just    cried   how is that a fair deal?
thanks for the massive wave of birthday spam   it was a pretty good day    smile 
"is definitely not bi   i just happen to have an extremely immature brother   also, marley and me> sexuality jokes    end rant"
i love spring so hard it hurts 
how to: do bio project: 1  plan to do 50-75% of the work two nights before it's due   2  lose power for four hours on that day   3   freak   4  stay up all night working on it with the help of caffeine and good ol' dubstep 
confused 
