d06443e8ef1fb7340d9c0a879809c77a
"hey look i'm on facebook! i know holy crap, right?"
"wow i'm on facebook again!!!!!!! a miracle, right?! woo-hoo"
is bored beyond belief and hopes she can make it through the summer 
is reading about sookie stakehouse!
is in a really horrible mood  deal with it world 
is now in a blah sort of mood  idk  its not good though  need an air hug from someone   
is thinking that she is bored!
is playing sims 
is really hoping for snow days!!!!
i am so bored  some one please call me or something!
bored! -emo sobs-
is watching kitchen nightmares and getting hungry still bored too  hm 
is watching bridezillas and hoping i will never be like that 
is still bored and well  kinda feeling like crap   
is now amazing thanx to <propmale> and <propmale>  i love you both! thanx for the pick me up 
why am i awake? so tired   
i've had a mt  dew so i'm good to go!
okay   boredom has set in again!!!!!!!! -screams-
"blah,blah,blah!!!!!!!!!!!!                 blah!\hehehe  i'm bored "
"au revior, mes amies!"
hey just hanging out  bored out of my skull  way too much left 4 dead  see zombies everywhere!!!!
"is so happy right now, -hehe-"
i am dealing with a very crappy summer  thanx to the person who causes it all  you know who you are and i hope you pay dearly for what you've done  -evil laugh-
"i have a change to my ealier comment  my ruined summer is not attributed to just one person, though i do place most of the blame on that nazi bitch, one other person has decided that my beliefs are not good enough for her  thanx  not!"
"\me and jesus decided to see other people\"" layfette"""
i have a car!!!!!!!
where's <propmale>?
sorry bout the swear on <propfemale> roth's facebook  that was me  i thought i was on mine 
what the hell?! how come i cant even find <propmale> on facebook!?!
ok <propfemale> i feel the need to tell you to go straight to hell  i hope that you rot there and that the eret of your remaining life is as miserable as what you've made mine 
omg i almost hate being a commuter  i have no where to go for the hour or so i have off!
grrr     i dont know why  lol
i'm loving college  lol
gotta go and do college type things  lol
its great to be a saint but it sux to be an absentee girlfriend   sad 
first day of college!!!!!!! omg!!
i think i might be able to keep my head at college    all i have to do is work my ass of and lug around 8 books at a time  oh well maybe i'll loose weight  lol 
i like the sweet kiss the best   
thank you for flying church of england  cake or death?
"is this a sexy tune ms  badcrumble? \   oh yes its a very sexy tune  my husband and i made love to it during the1418 war i'll have u know \ok  -snug as a bug in a rug-    at what point did u orgasm during this song?\   all thru it  it was multiple it wasnt invented then but i got there  on a <propfemale> glider \ur fuckin nuts "
i think i'm going to post an <propfirst> izzard joke as often as possible and see how many people get it    hitler never played risk as a kid  hahaha
"brwon bread  no thats diesel oil  i want brown bread  brown bread  two words  first word sounds like \brown\"" """
i am an evil herbervore  i am an evil giraffe  i shall eat more leaves then i should so that other giraffes may die  mwhuahahaha
had one of the best weekends ever!!!!!!!!!!
i see more love in his eyes then in all the <propfemale> of the bible   
oh crap i forgot to add in an <propfirst> izzard quote in my last two posts but i did watch him this weekend so that was meant to be included in my best weekend ever thing    whatever its my logic and it works cuz it does
pole vault in the stoned olympics  u throw the pole over the bar 
i can kill catering with a single thought
u saunter down  get in a car  we won! 3-nil  and u live forever  surely  ok what ur telling me is that its true but not funny  lolz
i am worshiped!
    water monsters are really creepy  never drink any water from mars! u will die! and then spew water 
i am so happy its friday  i need sleep or mt dew     would actually prefer the dew  lol
has now realized how much of an english geek i am when i checked out crime and punishment for a fun reread 
just aced the quiz over equiano! totally worth the soul-killing hours spent reading it!
omg  i am bored! lol
i am about to go kick butt in capture the flag  fear me    
we won!!!!! yellow team won!!!!!!!!!!!!
it was fun walking round the high school and knowing i dont ever have to go thru it again!!!!!!! i am so happy to be college  minus the massive books and huge homewok load  oh well  cant have everything 
with the week that i've had   all i can say is at least its friday   
is watching the resident evil 1-3 and then gonna go see the new one! so pumped!
is being sneaky in class  hehehe
who knew that i have a paper due next week that i just found out about today
i can not believe how boring ancient egypt can be       
why cant anyone in ancient egypt have easy names?
yes! i am done!
now to go eat lunch
yay! weekend!!!!!!!!!
is writing a paper  that is due tomorrow  damn
omg! why is this paper bugging me? it should be easy!!!! -emo sobs-
i just cant do it    
is finally working on her paper   but then gets distracted by facebook    at least i am trying   
yay! peoples to distract me!!!
almost done! bye bye writers block 
yes! the paper is done!!!!! not sure how good it is but i dont care!!!! its done!!!!
and the first college paper is done    next the first college exam    
what <propmale> <propmale> character are you?  -- my result: mrs lovett  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 86779 referrals status?aid=1198885514
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored  can anyone tell tahat i am bored out of my skull?
yay! power!
i love the rain just not the wind    i keep getting knocked pver by it 
i need to find a happy book to read  otherwise i'll go emo with all he depressing books i've read recently  lol
is being frustrated by her beyond google hmwrk  grrr
wow bored out of my skull  no fun at all 
hahahahaha i will not be outsmarted by beyond google  i win!
buddha!!!!
i'm gonna facebook you so hard you're gonna end up on myspace 
rawr!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am so glad its friday   but it doesnt feel like friday for some reason  that bugs me 
wow    bored     really    
class in ten minutes     but facebook is still here  damn 
alright alright   i'll go to class      then facebook again  lol
one more class to go today!!!!!!!!!!1
i so dont want to do this hmwrk    
i am in a really boring class    
yay no more classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
now all i have to do is smart up this paper  hahahaha
this paper maybe harder than i had thought 
yay the paper is done!
some people need to pull their head out of their asses    u know who u r   
finished the final draft of the paper!!!!!!!
maybe this is what happens when a tornado meets a volcano   
i'm an addict for dramtics and i confuse the two for love   
wow and here i thought life couldnt get any worse  great  this awesome   not
"this used to be a funhouse,but now its filled with evil clowns"
"i beg to differ on the contrary, i agree with every word that u say \talk is cheap and lies are e playful ensive, my wallet's fat and so is my head\hit and run and then i'll hit you again\i'm a smart ass but i'm playing dumb"
"love me cancerously, like a salt soar soaked in the sea\\high maintance\"" means you're a gluttonous <propfemale>", narcissistic and mean\d06443e8ef1fb7340d9c0a879809c77a,fall break!!!!!!!!!!
and fall break is now over    
thanks for the warm fuzzies <propfemale> 
"my paper is finally done  now just that massive 10 <propfemale> research paper due next monday, not too mention whats going on on thursday  ugh!  sad "
lets do the timewarp again!
to whom it may concern: go to hell!
"so here's the thing, one of my best friend's won't talk to me becuase she ditched me (figure that one out), i have a ppo out on me, i feel like crap, my ribs hurt for some reason    but my 10 <propfemale> research paper is done   so i shall repeat: to whom it may concern, go to hell and rot  you better hope the devil kicks you out before i get down there "
"stab my back, its better when i bleed for you, walk on me, it was never enough to do"
touch-a touch-a touch-a me   i wanna be dirty!
"<propfemale> tales don't tell kids that dragons are real, kids already know dragons exist, <propfemale> tales tell kids that dragons can be killed "
"another turning point a for stuck in the road, time grabs u by the wrist directs u where to go, so make the best of this test and dont ask y, its not a question but a lesson learned in time, its something unpredictable but in the end is right i hope u had the time of ur life"
"i wanna know why only one guy has shown any romantic interest in me at all, made me feel like i was the most important and beautiful woman on earth, and how come he's not here with me? i need him    "
smile and no one will see that ur broken inside   
i heard the theme from the final destination 4 on the way to school  made me think of going to see it with my twin  so much fun! -happy dance-
i am a <propfemale> red-headed troublemaker   smile 
"is probably annoying people by slipping into a british accent without warning  but its not my fault, i have no control over it  lol"
"make me happier, make me forget the future"
"\you're snitching on me for some <propfemale> cakes!!!???\"""""
<propmale> potter tonite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yes i dressed up for the hp midnite show, yes i'm an adult now, jealous?"
fuzzy walls!
"everybody, everybody stand up stand up now dont be shy  people people get up get up get up  testify!!"
"alright friends   question of the day   if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (lol)  smile ~"
in your pants!
"wants a pair of converse, a sonic screwdriver, a tardis, and a time-lord   make that <propfirst> tennant!"
i cut my hair!!!
i'm poochyena! cuz i'm ferocious  lol
yay going to the mall with me bestie <propfemale>! 2 trips to the mall in one week  i'm becoming a proper teenager   like way too late  lol
i constantly thank god for estaban
"i wish i had something smart to say, but all i have is   dammit"
"if there was one thing you could tell me right now, anything in the world, what would it be?"
liars can always be trusted to lie  honestly  it's the honest one's u need to watch out for 
"one final down, way too many to go   "
just got done with a psych final  now <propmale> final tomorrow and hopefully turning in my world lit final 
quetsvrues heghoptr!
raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways
feels like the floor keeps giving out and all i want to know is why and to scream and cry but instead i play along and keeping hoping that something will go right for once but i keep in mind that has been a waste of breath before  maybe living's just a waste of breath and why put a new address on the same old loneliness   
my circle is better than your circle!!!
so it goes
i want to thank god for making me an atheist
"<propmale>, please play pimp"
i would really love it if these panic attacks would stop  they're gonna kill me 
ninja swan!
do onto others then run
"your designer heart still beats with common blood! \and what if you could have genetic perfection,\would you change who you are if you could?\cause it's quick, it's clean, it's pure\it could change your life, rest assured\it's the 21st century cure!"
"madness is like gravity, all it takes is a little push  but what happens when your shoved, not pushed? madness doesn't seem like a friend then, oh no sirree, it becomes something that tears u up from the inside, making u doubt your own thoughts and soul  then madness pours into your veins burning all the way until there is nothing left to burn "
"yay! it is no longer dead car week  sookie is fixed, with a new brain box  maybe a new name is called for with the new floor mats  she did get a new brain box thingy after all, maybe <propfemale>    "
"lose it? i think you should burn it  'cos, y'know, if you lose it, you might find it again "
i'm a model lalalalala i'm a model lalalalala
long live ninja swan!!!
is reading one of the funniest books ever  i love <propmale> lear especially when told thru the eyes of the fool
has mulan stuck in her head thanx <propfemale>
plastic bags   are made out of    polar bears?!
it is sex and dead baby day
feels like a zombie  oh well 
"according to my dreams, i feel i am needing affection and attention    "
omg! nearly bursting out laughing in class! thank you cracked com!
"thanks to haleigh i now have repo:the genetic opera (any song, every song) stuck in my head  now listening to the whole soundtrack  zydrate, its the 21st century cure!  smile "
just has my first photo shoot! check either mine or <propfemale>'s fb <propfemale> for the link to the site   smile 
people need to check out my pic! more are coming!
yay math class is canceled 
did you know in the original clue one of the weapons was a bomb?!
"awesome, my new xbox 360, while shiny, isnt working  damn"
my car is fixed!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
yay! my car is fixed
"okay, started looking at old dance pix and got really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really sad      i miss ben   alot  dammit haleigh   why did you have to put that thought into my head?! i wanna cry    "
