2f1637e1cf3b895482f24e9eee6704e1
       and a happy new year!
headin' for cali in about 8 hours 
got her xbox 360 fixed just in time to have no time to use it   second quarter here i come 
"nothing like a paying job, even if it's only for two days "
yet another fun day at disneyland!  wish my feet thought the same 
finally got my xbox 360 fixed   they just gave me a new one 
going to be my new roommate's chauffeur for the weekend
needs to get rid of this headache
hates creating traffic beds   after the 10th hour it's just not fun anymore 
hopefully last day of getting up at 5 to get caught up on my show 
likes sleeping in
"black friday shopping hurts my soul a little, but there are good deals "
played two sets of doubles tennis and won 6-5; 6-4   then some basketball and barely won 10-9   so tired 
feels defeated yet again
gets to work and supervise today
"didn't get work done like i planned, but did buy a lot of groceries for good eats"
another long day ahead
will hopefully be sleeping by 6am   71 more minutes of bounce time   why does protools have to bounce in real time?
got a good four hours of sleep   now it's laundry time 
and the x-mas movie watching has begun   up 1st: how the grinch stole christmas 
packing for home
got my cd dvd drive on my laptop replaced today   they got it done in two hours which made my day   now i can start downloading all those digital copies of movies i have laying around 
"off to iowa to to visit my bro, sis-in-law, and niece, then to chi-town on sat "
loving the snow   thursday we're supposed to get around a foot   it'll be a great white x-mas indeed!
<propfemale> christmas to all!
fun night filled with laughter   what more can you ask for?
day 1: headache  day 2: soar throat  day 3: congestion and gets stung in the face by a <propfemale>  day 4: cough  today: fever and swollen itchy bump where the <propfemale> stung me   should i be happy i'm not getting all the symptoms at the same time or mad that i'm spending my nice long weekend sick?
i love italians and italian food!!!
lazy lazy lazy   good thing i don't have school tomorrow 
"so, so very tired "
really tested her ability for <propfemale> tonight 
"oh vectorworks, why do you hate me so?"
you win this round vectorworks   i give up   simple extrudes all around 
pulled an all-nighter to get a project done for class   was it worth it?  probably not 
"mmmm korean bbq is sooooo good, but so e playful ensive "
grandma just died 
so much to do   so very little time to do it 
first night in a week i got more than four hours of sleep 
crit night   be gentle 
another busy week ahead
i got an internship with the <propmale> henson company!  dreams really do come true 
freaked out a little today as my computer kept kernel panicking and then beeping at me   luckily it was just bad ram   back up back up back up!
opening night tonight!  disneyland tomorrow!
it's good to see family and just relax   but now it's back to work 
tired of thinking 
"know what sucks?  locking yourself out of your car at school, taking the bus back to your apartment to pay someone $25 to open your apt door to get your spare car key, busing back to school to unlock your car so you can drive back and lock your apt door again   yep, it was a fun day "
laundry day
"finally finished my last project of my second year of grad school   and i can still get 3 hours of sleep before getting up for work   the question is, is it worth it?"
2nd year of grad school done!
excited to start my first day at the <propmale> henson company!
first day couldn't even be called work   watched archival footage the whole time 
trying to organize my life
anyone want to go to disneyland this sunday with my roommate and me?
another great day at disneyland yesterday   now back to the <propmale> henson company!
"another glorious day at the <propmale> henson company   traffic was good, i have my banana <propfemale> coffee bean drink, and the weather isn't hot   life doesn't get any better than this "
ugh   why allergies?  why!
toy story 3 today!  wooo!
"everyone, go and see toy story 3   you won't be disappointed!"
"sim school is blowing my mind, but i'm slowly scraping back the pieces into a usable brain   last day, wooo!"
dropped my roommate off at the airport   i hope she makes it back to italy safely 
going to pcpa tomorrow   so excited!
"great but long day up at pcpa yesterday   today, errands and packing to go home for a few days "
off to mn til the 7th   probably won't have internet while i'm camping so text or call if you want to chat 
i'm feeling the love and back off to ca   but first a little chinese buffet!
sometimes if feels good to stay in your pajamas all day 
"i have a new nephew, <propmale>, born 10 days early!"
bad traffic!  no treat for you 
going to see world of color at disneyland tonight   so excited!
why does ralphs always recall foods after i've eaten them?
i'm thinking disneyland today 
world of color was even better the second time i saw it!  blue section is definitely the way to go 
mmmmm pasta carbonara 
got an a on my first test since undergrad!
just got done watching four movies in a row with some friends   why do i let people talk me into this stuff?  i hope i can stay awake for the sermon today 
dying just a little   need more sleep 
i survived into the woods!  on to my thesis      
"ahh, a non-stressful day of cooking and laundry   maybe too much cooking "
who knew making lefse would take so long!  wanted to make a small batch to test   recipe said 9   had to stop after 15 and still have a plate full   if they just didn't stick so much when i'm trying to roll them out 
i'm finally going to see <propmale> potter tomorrow with some friends!  anyone who wants to join us is welcome 
i need to go to disneyland in the near future   anyone in the mood?
"oh joyous, joyous day!  passed musical theatre history class, having lunch with my former <propmale> henson company bosses, and seeing a taping of the big bang theory tonight!"
goodbye rain and hello snow!
got healthy just in time for class tomorrow
"tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech "
i made it! thesis show done!
"feels so good to be sitting at home and not in a rehearsal, or tech, or anything to do with school   i will now watch a movie, eat my chicken dinner, and drink my mellow yellow with my fluffy slippers on   doesn't get much better than this "
cleaned the apartment all day!  i now deserve my sloth 
disneyland for class was amazing!  but my feet are still hurting 
