e26bc04d610c01d73e403a08b68090b0
happy new year everyone last night was a good start to a new year  so excited  smile  have a great fun filled day
halloween pictures finally posted sorry i took so damn long to do it  haha
what's everyone doing tonight
tired  today is a lazy day and i'm staying in pjs 
at  the dentist i hate waiting in doctors offices it seems like it takes forever
tired going to bed soon   surprise  yawn
eating at andeles so hungry
congratulations <propfemale> vigil  i'm so proud of u and all ur accomplishments!!  love 
driving to <propfirst> watching super troopers and just got pulled over by highway patrol! hahaha no joke 
just got to <propfirst> so excited!!!  smile  omg back to the big city i love it! love 
going to the san <propfirst> zoo and the japanese tea garden today  yea!!! ps mexican food sucks here  lol
at twilight woohoo!! i'm a loser lol
if i was a song what song would i be? any thoughts?
movie theater marathon woohoo!! 4 movies 1 day!
i wish i had money for taxs free weekend!! so many clothes for winter coming out! ahh
in ep with <propfirst> yay!!
bummed and bored!!! i don't like my <propmale> class    txt me people
omg this girls crack was showing in class and my friend next to me laughed so hard the whole table got kicked out before i got a pic for twitter  so funny
i hate guys who waste girls time its annoying if u can't be who they want then just say so
at corbett doing homework today has <propmale> good and bad bipolar status
 annoyed   playful  $)  laugh  0_o
i can't sleep message me people counting sheep doesn't work
i hate when i tell ur friends u want to try something and all they say is nevative shit trying to bvring u down
ugh!!! i can't sleep my brain won't just relax and stop  wish i could sleep      sad 
i have a lot on my mind  annoyed  didn't sleep well at all   
what r everyones plans this weekend!!?  smile 
i'm not taking calls or txts today i'm taking a personal
ahhhhhh!!! lol bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored
temptation to txt on my phone is strong!!!! may the force be with me today to resisting the urge     lol
the studeeacher in my english class just told me i look like lady gaga and <propfemale> tomei looks like my friend <propfirst> isnt the only one who thinks <propfemale>  lol
might go to el paso tomorrow yay!!!!
i wish i could find someone that genuinely liked me or was intrested  sad 
can't wait for class tomorrow what's everyone doing tonight?!
its raining!!
i love these days i'm making hot coco  laugh 
in ep
didn't get lost at all i'm getting better
going to chicos tacos   smile 
holding the baby so cute
eating stir fry be home soon  smile  hit me up in a few hours people of las cruces
is upset and my feelings are hurt   
just woke up i don't feel good going to rent movies and hide out at home    smile 
omg i'm going to go get my uggs before class so excited!!!  smile   smile   laugh 
boys are retarded they miss some of the most obvious shit  haha its amusing   playful 
hopes to hear from ****** today  smile 
i have so much homework  ahhhhh    
getting ready for my next class just cleaned my kitchen and made tea   smile  yummy   
ahhh ***** texted me!!  smile 
so tired had a good day  smile 
 playful  bored!! some one txt me
some asshole just stole my parking space from me on campus and i had my blinker on   annoyed 
finished uploading pics check em out   smile 
i love life and rain  so much for flag football today i think    though the rain would make it a challenge  smile   smile 
sitting in class     didnt sleep well at all last night  *yawn*  surprise 
watching shakespeare in love such a good movie  love 
sitting in history someone make me laugh!!  smile 
learning about the revolutionary war its funny nobody liked the british back then and now nobody likes us
going to white sands tomorrow!!
had so much fun last night with everyone  will upload pics in a while ridiculous party pic that is    
took a nap just woke up    did everyone like my pics?  smile 
so tired    ready for bed homework tomorrow boo
coffee run    ready go
watching michigan play bowler green michigan is winning as it should be
watching a vicious circle just spent for ever looking for my phone god tyhat took forever
morning everyone today is a beautiful day  smile  getting ready for theatre  class  laugh 
doing homework almost done!!!!! yay!!
fml i went from having the best day to a shitty one!!!! wtf!!!!!!
working on my friends comaro bummed about earlier
morning everyone hope today is great!!!  smile 
chillin with some friends bout to head home soon
starbucks run with <propfemale> then theatre yay!!!
who needs myspace when u could have outerspace   wink                               lol        best  shirt ever!!
heading to class listening to <propmale> and the jets have a good day everyone
sittingt in class writing a paper bored         
doing a test review in history today fingers crossed i a's this test lol
good morning all today will be a fun filled day!!  smile  and tonight the enduro tons of crashes so stoked!!!
watching clueless one of my top 5 favs   smile   smile   smile 
have a headache stoked for the show tomorrow
people suck     sad  not having a good day 
"welcome to good burger, home of the good burger, can i take ur order?  smile "
night everyone  love  lots of homework tomorrow
morning everyone tones of homework <propmale>
at the show in ep woohoo! chicos after
i wish i was at home in bed right now    sad 
everytime i'm nice to people they take advantage and walk all over me  sad   sad  i'm going to lock myself at home and not do shit
we're like seven eleven we may not be doing business but we're always open   
finally in bed night all hopefully no bad news tomorrow    fingers crossed
finally got my new stove put in  its pretty  getting ready for class then theatre then training at my new job  smile  so excited   smile   smile   smile 
haha wow what a crazy rediculous day omg all i can really do is laugh
sitting at home bored what to do what to do      
so hungry cant deside what to eat for dinner     annoyed 
studying for my test in history       hope i remember everything
 smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  what a relief    
hanging with <propfemale>  smile  and <propfemale>
one two threeeee  ahhh! no poor push-ups  just spent an hour in the sauna showered now working out   playful 
taking a break watching la ink
 playful  what to do what to do?? ? ??
what a pretty morning!!!!
sitting in class with no work to do         someone talk to me laugh 
watching the patriot in class later       ive seen it so many times its a good movie  but i dont feel like watching it today   annoyed 
i'm gonna get your heart racing in my skin tight jeans!  smile 
margaritas!!!  smile 
i can dream can't i    
posting new  pics tomorrow smile 
i flipped my truck  sad  i'm so so so sad  sad  that shit was scary intense  on the up side i guess flipping in a vehicle can be checked off my bucket list   annoyed 
my fucking back hurts i dont know if it from the accident or from shivering can't even sleep  sad  laying here with <propmale> bear i love my cat  smile 
omg!!! my back is killing me i miss my car already  but on a happy note i'm stoked for the game tonight   smile 
at ihop with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  love 
doing homework watching gilmore girls still sore from the accident
almost done with hmwk!!!! yay!!! i love one tree hill ive <propmale> watching it since i got home lol
watching weeds at home <propfirst> lent me the first five seasons almost finished season 1 so good     
sitting in class watching the patriot   smile 
today is a wonderful day mom and <propmale> r  here spent yesterday with my bestie <propfemale> i'm happy i want mom and <propmale> to wake up already though ugh  haha
stoked for jersey shore  smile  tomorrow dylans show  smile  what a great day with mom an <propmale>
got zeffiros with mum and <propmale> now jersey shore!!!! yay
listening to <propfirst> cabrera heading to el paso  love 
listening to <propmale> petty free falling  smile   smile  still one the road
happy i'm my bliss!!!
going to village in  laugh  yummy* having a wonderful morning hope everyone enjoys there day 
ready for whatever this week has to offer or throw at me  let's see what u got     playful 
going to the strip club  smile  never been so kinda nervous
hey everyone sorry i haven't talked to anyone i lost me cell ophone so get ahold of me on face book <propfemale> check ur messages
i don't know what to do with out a phone i feel so lost i can't remember doctor appointments or anything ahhhhhh!!
just got a replacement phone cant wait to activate it tomorrow  thank you <propmale> fowler!!!!!!  smile  yay!!!
korn was so bad ass i had so much fun just left taco cabana now home to party happy halloween everyone  smile 
just finished baking orange cinnomon rolls and muffins  smile  so stoke for tonight
trick or treating then party!!!  smile 
ber pong time  smile 
 smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
wants a certain someone to text her  playful 
killing nazi zombies  smile 
just took my test in history cross ur fingers i passed   smile 
what is everyone up to right now
i hate when igo out of my way for people and they treat me like crap in return no thank yous or anything  sad  but i passed my test so   
watching my sisters keeper so sad  then hangingout with zach  smile 
ugh i can't find my camer cord to upload photos i'm so pissed > sad 
going to bed i guess so bugged    everyone can take care of there own shit and leave me out of it 
 playful  check out new album   relaxing now  hiding out from everyone  goodnight friends  xoxo love 
good morning all had a good night today should be fun   smile  hope everyone has a good day
eating <propfemale>'s pizza never <propmale> here its interesting
going to ren fair hit me up if ur here!!  smile 
yesterday was so great hope everyone else had as much fun   smile 
what a great weekend ren fair hookah lounge shooting nazi zombies so much fun
having a great day  wish i wasn't  sick tho 
glass of wine and fettuccine watching one tree hill for dinner perfect
hottest guy ever working in hollister right now    bbc!!!! for sure
had a great day now studing my study guide  smile  look at my new pictures
i want taco <propfemale>!!!!!
no more homework pease i promise ill be good   playful 
good night everyone finally done with essays for the night and good luck to all you with ur hmwk friends  sweetdreams  smile  xoxo
thanks giving break offically started yay me!! lol
at <propmale> potter so cold thes shit needs to start already
is hungover and tired
happy thanksgiving everyone! xoxo let's go saints!!!
my tummy is stuffed! and i'm falling asleep watching the game  zzzzz must stay awake  lol
omg black friday suck!! i have got so many deals but way to many people! ahhh taking a lunch break
"had a wonderful day with my bestie nama and rain heading home for relaxation  everyone go watch \love and other drugs\"" its so good and a totally sexy movie <propmale> g  is fucking hot!!  laugh """
at chicos tacos  smile 
nevermind lol  sad 
watching nightmare before christmas laugh  had the best last week so great
just wokeup hitting the computer labs to type my essays them done with the semester  home my friend still comes to visit today  smile  fingers crossed
i'm done with school in2 5seconds then home to play the wii and sleep guys are so immature about dumb shit so i'm thinking girls night
my friend <propfemale> is going to be in a play and she gets to attack the pillsbury dougboy
passed all my classes woohoo!!! christmas break has officially started  laugh 
good friends beer card and christmas break= a good night  smile  i love you all
i love <propfemale> voegele
watching juno chilling with my brother  smile 
how sad is it i get lost in torc lol
tired and exhausted
who is at <propfirst> nights tonight?
 playful  ugh
i feel like crap i got food poisoning from long <propfirst> silvers  sad 
home for christmas just got to moms so happy to be back in <propfirst>  smile   smile  night everyone
at the cheese cake factory and its packed  annoyed  ugh!!
at home watching porky's such a funny ass movie  smile  haha
so stoked going to six flags tomorrow!! i've never been and i've never been on a rollercoaster so excited!!!!!  laugh 
six flags was awesome so much fun  laugh  great great day
at snuffer's eating bacon cheese burger and fried pickles  laugh 
omg i slept so well last night  smile  i was exhausted
going to ice at the <propmale> hotel they have an ice sculpture exhibit of the peanuts    pics soon to follow   smile 
now dinner at p f's what a good day i love it here
finally home relaxing gonna watch easy a never seen it
i'm so excited for this year to be over and find out what 2011 has in store for me   smile   smile  fingers crossed its what i'm hoping for and filled with adventures galore!!!  laugh 
i miss real mexican food haha <propfemale> iur tacos were so good lol
well folks i have come to the end of my trip * tear i'm finishing it off at the house of blues like always and will see some of u soon goodbye <propfirst> ur so good to me  love 
omg made the best oriental dinner ever everyone loved it such  a good dinner  smile 
hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst> having a good day  i want a protein shake  any good recipes for them?
drinking <propfemale> cane hot coco with <propfemale> watching pretty little liars
confused about people????  annoyed 
at ump 88 with everyone for jasons dinner so fun  smile 
i hate doing one way favors but at least my hair cut turned out good playful 
just jogged for an hour with <propfemale> now a few work outs and breakfast
i think its funny when guys put there hands on girls and think they got away with it  then     bam  reality hits u in the balls   laugh 
"\i'm not the doorknob where everyone gets a turn  i'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot\"" - marcin mrowca"""
snowboarding in ruidoso so fucking fun i've fallen so many times
best snowboarding trip ever and its only the first  wink 
home suweet! home smile 
today was a good day class was awesome saw d now french fries dipped in chacolate milkshake from whataburger and
tired ready for bed smile 
ugh math is such a bore  curse u <propfirst> being in everybody's business 
washing <propfemale> the hooker mobile she is looking pretty again  smile 
"\flamingos legs are hollow tubes like the internet?!\"" - <propfemale>"""
just matress surfed the desert!  smile 
watching the game this damn ref is a moron
go steelers!!!! this game is in the bag superbowl is totally ours  smile  smile  smile 
me and my mum just had our first beer together!  smile   love 
woooooooooohooooo! steelers are going to superbowl! again!!!!
so tired can't wait to go home relax and write my paper  smile 
going home after math and catching some zzzzzz!  surprise *yawn
bored as hell someone hit me up if u want to chill today!!  smile 
i'm bugged i can't stand the public or boys thank god for tv and girlfriends (friends that r girls)
what to do what to do??? lol
i just took my comforter to comet 1hr cleaner and they said it would be ready in 3 days?!!!  playful  wtf
cleaning house what's everyone doing tonight?  smile 
has had 7 cups of coffee and don't feel a thing??? weird
no school today how cool!! but i didn't have class anyway
at hooter with <propfemale> lol everythings closed  laugh  i love snow days
can't wait for my date tomorrow  smile 
confused about how a conversation just ended   
is there class tomorrow?
bummed right now but excited to relax at home tomorrow and just mellow out  smile 
at village inn with keifer brit <propfirst> and tk  smile  good morning everyone
guys that act different when they r around there friends are insecure and need to be comfortable with them selves before they will ever be happy in life its totally lame
why do guys have to be all omg about their feelings its ridiculous if u like someone show it if u don't then say so women like honesty and genuine ness  because the fakers always end up revealing themselves  later on and and it just pisses use of 
taking a bubble bath i forgot how relaxing they r  laugh   laugh 
watching city slickers 2 i love this movie
laying in bed thinking!!! aaahhhhhh! i wish i could turn my thoughts of
wtf??     random  smile 
go steelers go steeler i'm so happy! go steelers  to day is going to be awesome  smile 
just realized  there is a monster sticker stuck to my car light no idea how long that's <propmale> there? or who? but its staying
???     hmmm   
getrting ready for bed got my house clean and cozzy
sleepytime tea with <propfemale> so good  laugh 
morning classes done before 11 what a good morning
i wonder what this afternoon will bring me?!  smile 
my mum brings me joy this afternoon  smile 
deep in thought    starting to go nuts
got the best news today!!! what to do about it?!
is indifferent
so i got a new phone no idea how to work it im sad
watching a movie with <propfemale> playing with mug phone its fun
finished  hmwk now bed early or hangout???
what a good day at <propfemale>' abuelita she makes the most awesome food  smile  my tummy is so happy  smile  wow!!!!
having a good day life is great in every aspect  with brew right now  smile   smile 
making dinner watching <propmale> flick  smile  right now ps  i love u
tomato paramasan <propmale> with seasoned chicken and eat pray love on tv so relaxed
yesterday was a good day had so much fun with u kody  smile 
just locked my self out of my house fan friken tastic
i want chicken nuggets  annoyed 
so im sitting in my math class and my professor has gone on about this seating chart for fucking ever
school all day went to hot peppers now finally relaxing watching 80's <propfemale> the vampire slayer
today is such a good day im high on happiness  laugh  bout to tan then theatre hope everyone has a happy day  smile  smile  smile 
????? annoyed 
well that's just lovely annoyed  im annoyed
laundry and charmed marathon with <propfemale> then who knows no class tomorrow
waiting for a txt
watching clueless bored and buggin i feel inadecute must be in a funk today  playful  going to finish laundry     
going to the hospital with <propfemale> an <propfirst> he really did a number on his finger     its all keifer's fault  laugh 
bummed and have a cold this is fucking lovely!!!
me and <propfirst> made a joke about getting sick from being in a hospital and now im sick     sad 
"dear <propfemale>, i cannot stress enough how much you should log out of facebook when your using other peoples computers  smile   love  penis"
had a lot of fun last night smile     today is going good so happy  smile 
meeting breeana <propmale> at mcallisters  smile 
sometimes its just best to quit tryingwith certain people and i think im going to do it to
watching waynes world snacking on <propfemale> peppers yummy veggies  smile 
"just read the childrens book \ underwear!\"" to my theater class they ptetendedto be third graders wow!talk about a tough crowed so fun tho  smile  smile """
so i just found out the australian guy at the las cruces best buy carsten is a phoney bologna!!!! he's from texas what a little wanker!!!!!
watching good burger in bed i don't want to leave this spot  smile 
wants to did zsa zsa zsu  
omg hanging out with <propfemale> the shit we do people will never understand
my phone is being dumb and wont send messages this sucks  sad 
vote <propfirst> <propmale> for asnmsu president!!!! asap he is the perfect candidate for our school!  laugh 
just got to <propfirst> nice to be home for a bit
?         
watchig the girl who played with fire everyone should read or watch the millenium series
fingers crossed passport comes in tomorrow      please lord
my passport came!!!!irelnd here i come!!!!!!!! whoohoo!!
running last minute errons then tomorrow ireland im excited wish it was warmer there though  smile  smile  smile 
stoppinin boston then to ireland im so excited for this glad me and mom were able to do this me her and <propmale> r going to have fun   smile  smile  smile 
barely on the plane and already sexy boys  laugh  omg!!!!!!
just arrived at the hotel its about 7 surprise 0 am here im so excited weather is in the thirtys little chilly
first day in dublin was awesome!!!!!!!! tomorrow im 21 and the st  patties day festival will be huge 
its offically my bday in ireland whoohoo!!!  haha i like there time zone better lol
thinking of you      annoyed 
       thanks bro
thank you everyone that told me happy bday love you all coco
xoxo
had the best 21st bday ever made <propfemale> friends <propfemale> ur the greatest love you see u on sunday probably  smile  message me
back at the hotel life is perfecto!!!!!! hehe
misses <propmale> and titania      my babies r probably sad xoxo u two 
last night club 21!  smile  today im going to see a castle!!!!! <propfemale> i love u but im really in no rush to see u  ireland feels like it could be home lol
today was awesome!!! kised the blarney stone and am now blessed with the gift of eloquence  lol tomorrow is my last day here  :[
i think i kinda like someone      oh lord  haha bad <propfemale>
car bound for the next ten hours las cruces how i've missed u!!! love you all see u soon   smile 
were do u go to download the girl who kicked the hornets nest i can't find a good website and im dyinto finish it
97 <propmale> out side el paso yay yay yay im so excited!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
home sweet home hello las cruces  smile  smile 
at the laks so much fun my voice is almost gone tho so sad lol ryans happy tho
greatest time at the lake!!! turned out amazing laugh 
relaxing watching a movie    today was a life lesson not necessary   annoyed 
geocaching with <propfemale> today!  smile 
pool party!!!! yay
early jog  class and house clean full productive day!!!  smile 
is gettinno were no matter how hard i push  it sucks  wish u talk to me      annoyed 
