0de082a38e9d1f8e279c06e179144d65
in the d we say what up doe
my b-day is coming up real soon july 23rd  give me some love
happy b-day to my number one brother the big 22 way to go chayse!!!!
today is my birth day i feel great  everyone  be safe and i love you all  holla at me when you can july 23 rd is a good day!!!      23      23     23   23
i want everyone to have a great and safe day  be blessed people 4 what you do have
moms fish fry was off the hook yesterday good food good people good time
hey fb last night me and my son jalen we did your very first away from home dj jig and you kow what? we rocked it!!!!!!! give it up  detroit stand up!!!!!!
can i get a way to go michigan!!!!! go michigan
central michigan know they can kick a field goal  what a win
i am a michigan fan yes i am
hey fb i went to church today it wonderful  i really need it in my live  so glad i went  my thanks to god 
hello facebook!!!!!!!
god bless you all
good morning fb fam  i hope everone had a good easter  have a great monday too 
whats good facebook fam  today is are day  lets get up and make do what it do 
in a matter of mins  my lil bro will graduate msu  way to go chayse  i love that guy 
hello facebook fam  everybody have a great day
whats up facebook fam  im in d c  for the hoilday weekend  im loving it  dont wanna leave  enjoying all my people  holla back
"hey facebook fam  this weekend was great i saw oldest aunt, my oldest frist cuz, my youngest sister (i only got one), and my youngest brother (only got one those too ) lol  we had fun i really enjoyed them  ps  my mom and stepdad was there too  icing on the cake!! we did the damn thang  shot out to the d!!!!!! westside detroit stand up  d c  don\t swagger like us  we kill'em they some buttercups  the women fine doe """
good morning fb fam  on my way to dr  office  check up time  last day i will be 39  wow! going to find out how 40 taste  lets do this 
"ok fb fam dr  gave me clean <propmale> of health       \bring it on 40!\"""""
ok time for hair cut and shave  cant meet 40 looking ruff  ya dig!!!
"good morning fb friends & fam \today is here the time is now  it's my b day  if you know me pretty well you then you know i dont sleep too long  go to bed late up early  well im up and ready  going to cook me some chesse eggs and grits wash it down with some <propfemale> moet  and get my day started  you know its going to be a party yall  happy b day to me "
anybody want to come party with me inbox your no  and i'll text you with all info  it's gonna be a party yall!!!!!!
"hey fb fam\\sorry i did'nt get back with yall  still partying"
say it from the chest!!! lol 
im watching this boaring movie  how come when it get to the good part the the dvd stops playing  wtf  lol 
"what up fb fam  yesterday i droped some pics of me, my mom, sis, & my cuz  & said some nice things about them  but its 1 person i left out  a very wonderful person i must say  i dont have a pic of this person on my phone  so could'nt upload one but i love this person very much  so please fb fam show some love for my lil bro chayse  u no i can't leave u out  i need pic lil bro  holla at ya boy fb fam  one"
good morning fb fam  lets all make the best of today (why not )
"good morning fb fam \i want you all to thank god  for any and everything "
whats up fb fam? lets get it  i saw jeezy last night  i had a ball  you know i had to holla at him  after party off da  hook  lost my mind and my phone the same night  i was geeked up  i put on for my city  and then what?
1 love fb fam  1 love 
dont put all your eggs in one basket  for real!!!!
you live and you learn 
good morning facebook  get up and deal with it  whatever it is 
let's get this party started!!! have a safe and fun weekend 
what up my fb fam? i had a funfilled safe blessed wknd was with old true friends  shot out to <propfemale> fam met new fam members give it up to the hicks fam bbq  had a ball  my sis came hm to vist 1 luv <propfirst>!! mom had a fish fry  2 thumbs up <propfemale>  your the greatest love ya  & i talked on the phone to a very special person  (you know who you are ) much love to you  i just had a great wknd  holla at me fb fam 
good morning fb family may god bless us all 
"laugh now cry later \pray now and forever "
let it rain 
what you going to do about it?
wake up!!!
women lie men lie  <propfirst> don't lie  tell the truth shame the devil 
let's go michigan!!!
when we going to get to the good part? get down to the good part 
happy sweetest day to all the ladies on fb
wondering why im alone 
play your cards right 
wake up everybody  no more sleeping in bed 
what up fb fam holla at yo boy
whats up with all the questions??????
happy thanksgiving fb fam                        question  what are you thankful for?
well today is a good day so far  beat my son in 2k11  had to show him before the the new year! try again next year son  wont play him again till then  lol 
lord give me strength
today is the day!!!!
i think very deeply 
what up doe?
"\just be good to me \"" (lords voice)   not the s o s band  it's sunday people get up & be thankful  praise your father!!!!!"""
wake up everybody no more sleeping in bed                                                 if you know the rest please add to this
ok im hungry  feed me semore!!!!!!!!
what up doe fb fam? holla if you hear me!!!!!
kobe is not going to let nobody get mvp in his house  i guess im west riding  in short  go kobe!!!!
happy fat tuesday
happy birthday to the late mr  <propfirst> mcbride  my dad  r i p!!!! i miss you soooooo much 
happy birthday to the late mr  <propfirst> mcbride  my dad  i miss you sooooo much!!!!!!
