3c77770be950d8b3afda48d20a346fa5
2010! check it!
"relaxed, just chillen with the most awesome guy in the universe "
can't believe what's going on
doin alright    
feels like a kid again  laugh 
"woo hoo! boating, tubing, jetskiing, <propmale> jumping: best day of my life!!!"
"hi ho, hi ho, off to work i go     damn  sad "
chillin          
ready to spend money i don't have
school tomorrow         ugh
tired of being let down     
"never mind, i am done with this "
if you love something let it go: if it comes back it was meant to be yours  if it doesn't   well then it obviously it wasn't meant to be
"had a great night with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!!! plus, assassin's creed is the most awesome game ever!"
is hurting everywhere     
everything is so fucked up     
just tired   
"loooong day today, loonggg day tomorrow   sad "
is seriously feeling depressed
feeling better
village inn is the place to soothe the soul     
is feeling regretful
loves key lime pie!!! yuuuummmm
wow what a day
"long day of work, now its time to play  smile "
is getting behind in school already   
is excited!!!! yippie!!!! woo hoo!
jingle jugs    lol
woo hoo! this weekend is going to be fucking fantastic!
"laser tag, panda e playful ress, natalie argelia justin combo plus the hangover: best night ever!"
karate chopped in the neck by cards: apparently <propfemale> has a good aim
"work, then the superbowl!!!! go saints!!!!"
yeah!!! the saints won!! woo hoo!
no one fucking knows what the real definition of love is  men suck 
is feeling a little bit better   
skipping class because its gay     lol
no more problems!!! yessss!!!!!
just got my tickets for the 3oh!3 concert in april!!! woo hoo!!
looks like i might have a <propfirst> after all       smile 
"bowling was so much fun last night, and today is going to be even better  god i love my life  laugh "
i definitely want to see that new movie <propfirst>'s day sometime next week: anyone want to come?
"damn, life is getting interesting      smile "
i never realized how much i missed playing the ps2 until i brought it back out      i definitely need to get a ps3
finally got my blu-ray player! woot woot!
is bored      and tired of the snow already
"wow, i am brutally tired and feeling sick  sad "
"well, i feel a lot better  wink  its a brand new day    "
has a feeling that this weekend is gonna be fantastic       laugh 
just spent waaaaaaayyyy too much money on clothes: now i just need somewhere to wear them to  smile 
who really likes leftovers anyway?
all my caramel coconut girl scout cookies are gone       sad day  sad 
"yessss, another beautiful day      and i have work  damn "
almond joy just might be my new favorite <propfemale>    
what does your favorite color have anything to do with how long you survive a zombie attack? just curious 
its my day off    and its freaking beautiful outside!!!!!! off+ beautiful day= perfect   laugh 
hmmmmm what to do today?
school      what a drag 
"welp, the epic facebook fight has finally ended-the post is officialy deleted "
getting a cut and color with highlights tomorrow with <propfemale>!!!! im soooooo excited  laugh 
had a pretty fantastic st  <propfirst>'s day- i love being <propfemale>!
"spring break is fantastic so far, and its only the beginning    "
can't wait to go camping for my b-day!!! woo hoo!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!! i  love  you all!
so burger <propmale> and dairy <propfemale> got together and made <propfirst> in the box haha!
"aaaaaahhhhhhh, the weekend is lookin good! ;y"
"life is too short to wake  up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  forget about  the ones who dont  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a  second <propmale> grab it with both hands  if it changes your life let it   nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth  it!    post on your wall if you agree!!"
hell yeah! 3oh!3 concert in a week!!!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> foreman
two more days!!!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!!  laugh 
3oh!3 here i come!!!!
woop woop! can't wait for june!!!!!
last night was hella fun! hahahahaha  wink 
"if you wait until the last minute, it only takes a minute  wink "
so tired of the cold  what the hell colorado its may!!!!
is ready for the summer!!! woop woop!
ooohhhh tonight is gonna be fuuuunnnn!!!! haha can't wait!
"ah, i do love summertime"
incline tomorrow! its gonna kick my ass     bring it!
"ugh, i need something to do    "
how depressing- everything i worked hard for might go down the drain  fuck 
moving sucks 
army of two is a pretty badass game- i'm lovin it
ah it is so gorgeous out- i think i will go out and enjoy it!
"let's go flyers, let's go!!!"
i am definitely going to go buy red dead- it was ridiculously fun to play
"is frustrated with just about everyone right \now     can't wait to get out of this place for awhile      annoyed "
ladie's night!!!! and my mom got married today  smile 
3 more days!!! and i'll be outta here!!!  laugh 
"goodbye colorado, hello pennsylvania!"
is missing home    
home sweet home!
happy 4th of july- let's blow shit up!
"boating and baseball game on saturday, then possibly six flags the week after? sounds like a perfect summer to me  smile "
new car in 2 months-hell yeah!i can't wait!
im finally certified!!!! woo hoo pay raise for me! lovin it!
definitely excited for <propfemale> craft 2- damn i can't wait to play it!!!
"so, i'm thinking hawaii is my dream place to go for graduate school     laugh "
converse one-star- because you're not good enough to be an all-star 
"so school is t-minus 2 days     i'm kinda looking forward to it, kinda dreading it  welp, we'll see how this year goes!"
p
between work and school i barely have time to breathe- good thing it'll be all worth it in the end!
p[wwqww
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
"man, last night was one hell of a good time!"
my phone has been turned off  again  kinda done with verizon 
this weekend is turning out to be quite nice afterall  wink 
"lady, if you are so hairy that you have a slight man-beard, maybe you should consider taking a dip in a pool of nair  just sayin "
this weekens is gonna be bomb! i can't wait  laugh 
i like it on the kitchen counter
nothing tastes better than bottled coke  nothing
y
p
"well hello there, welcome into this world  love "
broncos    wtf
"so 3 parties, 3 costumes, this halloween weekend  doin' it!  wink "
i am already planning out my halloween costume for next year-that's how much i love it 
cod black ops and snow- today is perfect  smile 
you go from 0 to fail in 2 2 seconds 
i want it to snow  now 
happy turkey day! eat it up!
fuck yeah! its finally snowing! yesssssss snow!!!!!!!!!
finals? how do i feel about them? bring it bitches 
"really wants to go boarding- if the snow won't come to me, i'll go to the snow  smile "
welp this weekend was insane- but way too much fun  wink  repeat for next weekend? i think so     
welp my first time at cowboys and there was no bull-riding machine  damn i've always wanted to do that    
who got an ipad? this girl right here  now all i need is for the cardinals to beat the cowboys and my christmas will be complete  smile 
i  love  snow  i  love  my jeep  i  love  colorado 
<propmale> shopping and an av's hockey game today? i think so!
you know what's nice? snow  what's not nice? the morons that don't know how to drive in it 
hates when your phone gets turned off and you miss texts from everyone- and you have no idea 
i love when you walk into a public bathroom and it looks like someone got in a monstrous fight with the toilet paper  awesome 
"i feel so abandoned right now, and i don't know why  all i know is i'm not a fan of this feeling   "
a dirty song is stuck in my head  doesn't help that i hear it everytime i turn on the radio  awesome 
"if someone gave me a nickel for every ignorant, self-centered person i ever met, i would never need a job  if only i could find someone willing to do it   "
"good news everyone, potassium iodide protects your thyroid from radiation  in the case of a nuclear e playful losion, everyone you know will be dead, but at least your thyroid will be perfectly healthy "
"you and i wake in a psych <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!"
pugh rocks so much!! he is so sexy  i am so happy when i get to cuddle with him
satisfaction levels are at an all time high  i do believe that this means my life is pretty much [insert positive adjective here]  smile 
"i've just noticed that every coffee shop on campus wraps their pastries in the loudest paper possible, so that when you go to eat it in the middle of class, it sounds like you are a human paper shredder  human ingenuity at it's finest "
