bc590bd428c5632eb4671732ba9e7295
is not looking forward to a 6 smile 0 am flight tomorrow    especially not for getting there two hours early  playful 
is home and happy
"needs to <propfemale> out with people; also, needs time to <propfemale> out with people!"
yay! i can now be officially done with dealing with collegeboard    forever!
eating homemade microwave pizza quesadilla at 1am = mouthsplosion of flavor!!!
is really excited for su!!
"wants to <propfemale> out with people but doesn't know what to do! damn you, boring anchorage > sad "
sees rain rain rain   
is tired of plain old flattop  anyone want to take a go at peak 1 or 2 or (gasp!) o'malley peak on monday?
made a *delicious* green chili and spanish rice steak burrito
managed to burn half the hair off his legs  yay for e playful loding grills   
is breaking   
"so many sad goodbyes, too many   "
"just watched all of amèlie in hd on youtube  perhaps a little odd, but a really good movie!"
is digging the <propfemale> spector 
"should really, really stop burning himself  the forehead is just going to far "
is selling old pokemon cards    sooo many
is up past 2am for the fourth night in a row    why can't i just sleep??
got his flu shot and meningitis shot    now i'm sore in *both* arms  playful 
is working on getting to the olympics!
can't find lodging in vancouver   
"dankt alaska, für alle die guten zeiten  bald werde ich zurückkehren  till then, then "
"danke, alaska, für alle die guten zeiten  bald kehr' ich zurück, verspreche ich "
finds friend-making incredibly exhausting _o_
is exhausted after serving seattle  now to coach an essay and pass out (hopefully on my bed)
is dancin like it's 1989!!
went to his first legit club  fun stuff!
finds circadian rhythms freakin' annoying
is amazed to find a kaladi's in seattle!
"spent the last five hours studying and now, finally, feels ready for his calc iii midterm   "
"all i've got to say is: veni, vidi! then it vici'd    sad "
"just saw <propfirst> darko for the first time  really weird movie  i think i liked it, though  but, can anyone e playful lain it to me?"
"is back in his winter wonderland, and everything is so white!  laugh "
"hasn't kept in very good touch with people this last quarter, and means to fix that!"
hates it when hairdressers or barbers or whatever they're called don't listen to him ò ó
yay for single digit highs! ^ ^
looks like he got punched in the face  yay for side-deploy airbags!  laugh 
"wants to go <propfemale> out with his friends, he's only seen two so far  sad  text me or call me if you've got ideas  wink "
only in alaska can you see three different moose walking down your street within a week of each other 
something crazy is needing doing
"so! resolutions, everybody?"
yay for one class a day twice a week  smile  three times a week every other week >: )
"ohhhh the devil really is in the details in spades, hearts, and every other suit when it comes to the olympics     playful  i'll get it all worked out in the end, though, don't you worry  wink "
when the violent crime within two to four blocks of campus begins to include someone getting attacked with a machete    it starts getting a bit disturbing
when the violent crime within a few blocks of campus makes someone getting attacked with a machete believable    it starts getting a bit disturbing
"okay alaskans, speak up: how many of you have machetes?!?!"
thinks it is way to hot in this strange land
let them down 
"\i am a liar\"" is the most paradoxical statement ever   """
is beginning to be known for his t-shirts    i am becoming the teagan siekawitch of su
is hammering out the final details of next week's trip to vancouver!!!
is superincredifrickinübercan'tcontainhimselfburstingattheseems excited to be in vancouver tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"has, over the past two days, walked 15 <propmale>, driven 400 <propmale>, and had the time of his life!!"
"really, really hates not being able to fall asleep for no good reason, especially when he was supposed to get up in four-ish hours to go tutor  sorry madrona 8th grade girls math class  annoyed "
sprechen sie queso??
is grading papers; it feels weird  
"7 assignments 2 hours of grading left, yay!"
sometimes i swear that seattle is really as rainy as iceland is icy   
is looking for inspiration for his final paper on inspiration    i just need to muse something 
"had a really good time going to his first ballet ever (nutcracker aside) and having a bit of an adventure getting there (and getting back), but is now stuck in a coffee shop making painstakingly slow progress on a final essay  "
"thanks to all the well-wishers! 19!\121645100408832000 is feeling great!"
is home! he wants to climb mountains and <propfemale> out with people  hit me up!
got a b+  annoyed 
is excited that the chef from la spiga (two blocks north of su) is on iron chef!
"switzerland beats spain, mexico beats <propfemale>, serbia beats germany    what a tournament of upsets    letting me down, germany  sad "
"got his first burn of the summer, and he hasn't even started work yet!"
"couldn't summit mt  marathon  it was much more intense than i imagined, up and down  ah well, that's what i get for going it alone  still fun, though "
climbed a mountain at midnight  bouyah 
"ganz nach dem sieg, deutschland!"
germanygermanygermanygermanydeutschland!
is a sad day   
second-degree burns: old friends
"'s phone apparently decided to stop sending and likely receiving texts, so anyone who feels like getting ahold of me should *call*  playful "
climbed a 4500 ft mountain  oh yeah 
"had a caesar salad last night, followed by prime rib with risotto and <propmale> slaw, for free  i fricken love my job (most of the time)"
only in alaska
for some reason keeps waiting for the iraq and afghanistan state quarters   
spent a <propfemale> day in the clouds    fun and exhausting!
is ecstatic!
opened his first lock!
"accidentally watched about five minute's of fox news's <propmale> beck  never having seen it before, i honestly thought it was a comedy spoof  the truth made me sad   "
"really, really wants to summit rainier in the next few years   "
<propfirst> jones makes me sick 
closing up the summer like a serendipitous book 
"went on 13 hikes, totaling 29,280 vertical feet and 78 <propmale>, saw an icefield, and stood on a mile-high peak  damn good summer, no regrets "
remember when math had <propfirst>? that was good times 
"so i got a google voice number (559) 422-0131 which you should all change my previous number to  this will work no matter if i get a new phone, or a landline (*shudder wink  or whatever  however, you should also save my new cell number of about a month (206) 306-3681 because that's the number that will show up if i call or text you  confusing, i know, but just go with it "
it's snowing! it's snowingsnowingsnowingsnowingsnowing! yay  i'm excited  laugh 
sledding on food trays! undescribably epic fun! i love snow 
"college snow day, woohoo!"
is rediscovering the <propfemale> of the 20-minute nap 
"has pretty much been offered two-and-a-half research positions for at least the summer  whoa, man   "
history and i are on a break  we're not speaking 
passed a class that he didn't even take! hellz to the yeah!
ganz facking fertig!! endlich   
almost back to the old 907!
back in town for two weeks and two weeks only  annoyed 
is a medical mystery  oh joy?
is progressively immersing himself in the awesomeness that is how i met your mother
had a really damn good day 
"it's <propmale> the donkey!  jing-a-tee-jing ee-aw ee-aw! the italian christmas donkey! fala-la-la la la! \ laugh "
"played oh hell with his friends  the first game ended like this annoyed james: 7  lauren: 3  becca: 6  myself: 70\\you don't wan't to know the second game   "
