ef3ce12e6d8e72f4efb349645eb0c76d
is feeling good  smile 
"just got home from disneyland, it was awesome  smile "
is going to try to go to sleep   
just caught the bouquet!?!?!?
yay for class being cancelled and a long challenging bike ride to the park with domeruski  smile 
what a game  smile 
hates being sick  sad 
i don't get why facebook changed how you see what people post and i don't like it either!
"just got an une playful ected check in the mail from school, found out it's a pell <propmale> they decided to give me  smile  i love free money i don't have to give back!!!  happy early birthday to me!!!"
"just rode to the park and back with <propmale>, good times  smile "
"has a new laptop and the tech guy for the internet on the phone was jealous, so i think i picked a good one  smile "
   hmmm
come on baltimore i have faith!!!
"ahhhhh thank god, i passed a very very important test, now the next one is due in a week and the waiting game begins again  smile "
why did i wait so long oh procrastination you when will i ever learn???
"2 sections down, 3 to go   i need a break"
"uhhhgggg i'm already dreading getting up in the morning, it's not supposed to be like this   "
i don't get it???
purple
"so my phone is really clean, unfortunately that is due to the fact that it just went through the washing maching  sad   please send your phone <propfirst>   "
"exhausted, but it's a good thing  smile "
"take, hold, or steal your heart  a person who is a soulmate  a good lover she pulled an <propfemale> on my heart  (she stole or holds my heart)  my heart was <propfemale>ied  (my heart was stolen)  watch out she will <propfemale> you  (she will steal your heart)  you have yourself an <propfemale>  (you have yourself a soulmate)"
"almost midnight and i'm not sleepy grrrrr, i have to be up in 5 hours   "
the unknown stresses me out   
"i had an amazing weekend at cahperd, met some great people and learned so much!!!"
doesn't like being sick   
"it may be lame, but i get so excited about making my own p e  equipment  smile   i made station card holders, i can't wait to use them "
"so far it has been a great day!!!  i can't believe how well behaved my students were, i hope it stays that way for the rest of the year  smile "
"so today got even better, i just found out i got a $1 raise  smile "
another great day with my students  smile 
had a great time at the irvine improv last night   march has been a really good month so far  smile 
"early release today, work this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon, then spring break   magic mountain monday, lake tahoe tuesday-thursday, san <propfirst> friday and saturday   so excited!!!"
"just woke up from a nap, what a way to start off spring break  smile "
"that was a long one, and it's already on the news lol"
6 9!!!
i still feel like we are moving   
had a late afternoon nap and now i can't sleep   
"kind of exhausted and my voice hurts, but it was an awesome day at six flags  smile "
tick tock tick tock    class needs to end so i can start my vacation!!!
"what a great day, snowboarding, walking around tahoe, cooking and eating a great steak dinner, and now partaking in some adult beverages and watching a movie   another great reason to be a teacher   spring break for the rest of my life  laugh "
"off to the casino, gotta love tahoe snowboarding, beautiful scenery and video poker   what more could a girl ask for??? lol"
"i'm about to drive in san <propfirst>, and i'm a little nervous about it, thank god for gps   "
home sweet home  smile 
"this is going to sound random, but sanding pvc pipe is labor intensive   "
"pipeline was a success today, the kids loved it and i love that they loved it   this unit is going to be soooo much fun  laugh "
tpa video=success  smile 
unbelievably upset right now and absolutely nothing i can do about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  uuuuhhhhggggg
yay friday  smile 
avoiding tpa and i need to start  sad 
"i have a headache and i need to finish my tpa, not a good combination  sad "
tpa done thank god!!!
"ahhhh 8 hours of sleep, i can't remember the last time that happened, so nice  smile "
good day  smile 
today was good  smile 
waiting around for a phone call is annoying   
"graduating with my teaching credential tonight, yay me and all of great classmates  smile "
"so close yet so far, and they're not making it easy, but really that's no suprise   "
"it's nice to know that the poeple that matter realize when the people who don't matter are total retards, and that the relationships you have built can withstand the utter stupidity of those people who don't matter  smile "
i hate being sick  sad 
"just woke up from a nap, guess i won't be sleeping too much tonight   "
"hiked to a waterfall today, it was awesome pictures to come soon  smile "
"i can't believe it's already friday, not that i'm complaining lol"
doesn't want to get up   
had a great time at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s wedding!!!  so beautiful and fun  smile 
angels won but titans lost   it was a fun day though  smile 
"what a day!  who am i kidding, what a year!  i'll miss my students for sure, but i definately won't miss student teaching   i learned a lot about keeping my emotions in check this year when it comes to dealing with crazy people (the master teachers, not the kids lol)   now to find a job, fingers crossed   "
tetherball injury   fingers are not meant to bend that way lol
got a scholarship check today that i didn't even know i was eligible for wooohooo!!!
just e playful erienced shave it for the first time   amazing!!!
sleepy but cant sleep   
three trips to disneyland in two days=fun but tired
applications in fingers crossed  smile 
what a day!!!
"off to go play in the atlantic ocean, oh yeah and you get to drive on the beach here, and guess what we have a convertible!!!"
"had an amazing day at epcot, cruise leaves tomorrow  smile "
"sounds like the florida weather beat us home, i hope it leaves before i get there, i am ready to be done with the humidity   p s  we gave up our seats for $400 vouchers, be back in the morning  smile "
chopped 12 inches of hair off  smile 
"today was an amazing day  smile  p s  happy birthday <propfemale>, better late than never  smile "
"i don't want to go back to work tomorrow, i really need to get a teaching job!!!"
in the middle of submitting an application and edjoin decides to stop working grrrr!!!
love my new indo board  smile 
"applications, applications, and more applications   fingers crossed  smile "
i got an interview!!!
got another interview!!!
"\the other guys\"" was hilarious!!!"""
"got another interview, and this is the one i really want!  wish me luck tomorrow   i need to go buy a power outfit  smile "
forever the procrastinator   
big day tomorrow  smile 
if nothing else i'll be substitute teaching this year  smile 
"feel really good about the interview, now i just have to wait and see  smile "
i hate waiting   
i hope today is my lucky day  smile 
anticipation   
i wonder if this is god's way of teaching me <propfemale>   
i really just want to know one way or the other   hopefully the good way  smile 
got a job offer!!!  i am officially goin to be a paid p e  teacher wooohoooo!!!
signed my contract  smile 
can i get a break from my brain?
"so much work has gone in to making today a reality, it's almost unbelievable   today i begin my career as a teacher and i am so excited!!!"
"so proud of makayla!!!  she did fantastic at her first gymnastics meet, and she placed on vault!!!"
"uhhhggg just woke up from a nap, don't feel good, and i have to go to work  sad "
bears are 2-0 wooo!!!
3-0 baby!!! da bears!!!
"had my first back to school night, it went well  smile "
"antibiotics need to kick in and work fast, please and thank you  smile "
why did i agreet get 3 shots in one day?  my arem hurts  sad 
i'm ready for there to be snow on the mountains!!!
4 day weekend!!!
"thank you to everyone who has served, is serving and to those who gave their lives to protect this country   happy veteran's day "
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
can't sleep   
da bears!!!
"good people, good times, good night  smile "
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
"done with costco, it was a good run   met a lot of great people, i'll miss seeing you guys 5 days a week, won't miss the crazy members though   really two year old towels that cost $10 and you feel the need to return them, really?!?!"
da bears!!!  number 1 baby!!!
"back to work tomorrow, it was a nice week off  smile "
snowboarding tomorrow  smile 
there is nothing like flying down the mountain on a snowboard   good day  smile 
"day one back in the gym, i'm afraid of how i'm going to feel in the morning, but it will all be worth it  smile "
"24, i miss seeing you 5 days a week   last year would have been infinately worst had you not been there with me everyday   we had to laugh together to keep from crying or killing  smile   you were my first friend i've been on spring break with too, and it was a blast   now we know to keep you away from the cheap stuff lol   we need to make plans to <propfemale> out asap"
bears are division champs!!!
da bears!!!
vegas baby!!! see you in a few days  smile 
i got an iphone  smile 
@ disneyland with the sanchez's  smile 
"i can't figure out how to use the check in thing, it just says locating the whole time  and i don't know how to do a mobile upload of a picture "
i officially have my own apartment in laguna hills  smile 
first night in the new place  smile 
just made a yummy dinner  smile 
"yay, i have direct tv  smile "
