d6c299ae1088a4608d16ae4afac1f11c
i gotsa new laptop  i'm so excited!!!
"put red highlights in my hair! its amazing! still overwhelmed, but i think i might make it  i just wonder why you cant listen, i've tried so hard to get you to understand but i guess you really dont care  oh well i suppose, i cant make you change   "
"happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, happy birthday dearrrr me  happy birthday to me! yay! i'm offically older than my boyfriend!"
"ten weeks left until i'm a graduated esthetician! finally got a job in the mean time! excited  on a definite emotional rollercoaster, not sure how things are going to work but maybe soon something will change  i hate lairs with a passion and i'm tired of being lied to my face, i always find out when i've been lied to and it pisses me off  so please dont  theres my once a month blurb on facebook lol!"
fixin to delete my facebook in the next day or so  peace out peoples!
its been awhile  but i'm back  cleaned out my friends lists and what not    in love with an amazing guy and couldnt be happier!
"i just want to scream  as loud as i can for as long as i can  and then quit life  cant i quit for just one day? no one will let me though  i dont understand the way this world works, and i dont like it  so for today i'm going to pretend to quit life  the tomorrow i'll pick up where i left off today and be better   "
im headed home  ttyl facebook 
"i'm not exactly sure anymore    i mean i know exactly how i feel, exactly what i want and what i dont want but i'm not sure exactly how he feels or what he does and doesmt want    i think i do, but i'm not sure    i suppose i'll find out sooner or later    i'm just going to cross my fingers and wish on a <propfemale> that everything is okay    i love you "
got another job  could be working in a spa  an amazing man  headed to wyoming this afternoon to pick up his nephews for the summer  then back to my routine  life is crazy but i suppose i just gotta go with it and take nothing for granted!!! congrats lp grads tonight! best of luck to you all!
what can i do? i never seem to keep a good thing going    its so irritating  i dont know how i'm pushing him away so i cant fix it    i dont even know if he wants me to fix it anymore    and that is whats killing me   
icecream  mintchip&chocolatemaltedcrunch  yum  sooooo tired  ahhh 
"my head is fixin to e playful lode  i can't take much more of this  so please just tell me what you want from me    please    maybe i cant give you what you want, is that it? tell me  i need to know   "
"40 minutes till i'm off work  then to my madre's to get a paper for my lung x-ray  then home! i hope  i'm hella tired even after getting a full nights rest  imma a mess  i just want my lungs to feel better, i'm tired of them hurting so much   "
"stupid lungs  cant to be able to breathe right again, and be able to fully sleep at night    found a puppy last night, he's absolutely gorgeous and is the sweetest thing  kinda hope we get to keep him    ha  lol  well time to work   "
"i finally feel okay  still in some pain and in need of somewhere to live but i feel good  i'm optimistic about where life is headed, of course being who i am i'll never not be worried about all the little details but for now i'm doing alright  i'm in love with an amazing man, i have the most amazing bestfriends(i love you guys) and two great jobs  it feels so good to be in such a good mood again!"
i feel like shit  complete and utter shit  i feel horrible and i don't know why   
humph  i'm tired as hell  & missin my besties  i hella want cake  mmm yummy  white cake with funfetti frosting  so good!!! i love my man!
"i love my man! he makes me super happy! without him i think i would go insane    lol  i love you <propmale>! && my besties, without them i'd already be completely insane  i love you two  i miss you both incredibly    having a good week  well last two days  lol  i wanna do something this weekend    we'll see "
i hate sneezing  with a burning passion   it hurts super bad  my head and chest feel as if there fixing to e playful lode  i just wanna go home and sleep the day away    i'm goingto be a crybaby today lol    ugh 
"excited  things might actually be settling down    i'm excited for things to get going and on the move  doing a facial tomorrow! (check out my notes for spa information everyone) shopping, dinner, and a movie tonight with my love! i love feeling good about life!"
i was so excited a couple days ago  and then life happened again  jeez  so much for plans and what not  i need a car  anybody have a car i can buy from them cheaply? lemme know please!
my brain hurts  really bad  i want work to be over with    i should probably take my chest x-ray and see the dr again    yuck  time to get something done   
head hurts hella bad  super exhausted  & all i want is to be home in bed with my love    only an hour of work left!!! thank goodness    only two more days of the work week  and my best friend is back in town  yes!
fourty minutes of work left  best friend leaves tonight  not happy  not feeling all that hot but all is well    ready for a nap  hope to see naqu before she leaves    she'll be gone wayy too long again   
"i dont want to be here  i feel like shit, actually i'm just really tired and really depressed    kind of excited for saturday  hopefully all goes as planned and we have a great weekend    thats all i want  i love him  & i just want him happy!     screw work   "
"just under an hour before i get off    can't wait  very uncomforable here right now    going to give my self a facial after work! head hurts\\kinda bad right now    not likin it  hopefully i'll get better sleep tonight  i need it   "
so much pain  its getting ridiculous  i hate it  i just wanna sit and cry  i wanna go back to bed where i wasn't in pain    goodness   
my office is raining grasshoppers  weird  lol  seriously tho  theres on in my light over head and one on my floor with cup over it     lol  whatta day  cant wait to get off and go chill at the park  then pay day tomorrow and sac on saturday!
     i'm not so sure anymore    
ugh  i feel like shit  this is stupid  i just want everything to be okay     goodness 
"i wish i was still in high school    i feel like the end of high school was the end of my social life, and it sux  i wish i had more people in my life, don't get me wrong i love the people i have in my life i just wish that i had more people to be around   "
i got a huge side piece yesterday that hurt sooo bad but i love it  its me all the way  <propfemale> @ silver screen is hella goood! super tired today!
ladies!!!! for the month of september all facial services at friends hair studio are 10 dollars off(excluding single facial waxes) but dont lose out  call and make an appointment! bring friends with and get an even better deal!!!! call 530-533-3902 or 530-282-0274!
i have to figure out whats going on  i feel so lost right now  well  i will figure this out eventually    goodness    in other news: all spa services except single facial waxes will be $10 off thru october! call me or the spa 533-3902 to make an appointment!
so i've decided  i'm done being upset and depressed over everything  i want to be happy  it may take some time but i need change and the outlook i had isnt the greatest  i'm excited about life and i can't wait to be the happiest i can be  everything will work out! so smile!
i miss him  plain and simple  tonight will be hard but i have to try to sleep  i'm not feeling to well and i have quite the day ahead of me tomorrow    so goodnight fb 
crossin my fingrs that i get this job! i so need it! did a facial today so that was nice    waxes tomorrow! i hope i get some sleep tonight  last night was hard    atleast my cat was there lol 
got another job! thank goodness and just in time too    now for a little luck in the rest of my life and everything with be amazing! but i'm alive so i cant ask for much more    fyi my phone will be off (after the 16th) for a little while but i will let everyone know when its back on!
tired as hell but life is good    hope to get this job for sure at walmart  and some more clients at the spa will be great too! can't wait for things to pick up!
i am now a walmart associate  lol  i never thought i'd work at walmart  can't complain tho  i like it so far and can't wait to be fully in to it    tired as all get out but i'm alive  can't complain about life right now!
"getting my hair dyed on friday  can't wait  its gonna look hella good  did a facial today, felt pretty good!"
thinkin i could have a muscle spasm in my back & it sucks  jeez  work late the next three days  come see me  i work in jewelry  staying at my moms tonight  missin my baby and <propmale>  i'll see them tomorrow tho  gnite fb 
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it on yourstatus for at least 1 hour? it's special education week and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding  so will you make a difference?"
well  i like working at walmart  its interesting  my feet and lower back are killin me from all the stand but it good    i need a new plan or maybe just something new  something doesn't feel quite right    hmmm  i'll figure it out    smile!  laugh 
      gettin my tat touch up today    hoping to get some clients into the spa as well    keeping my fingers crossed!
i'm sorry   
hmmm  facebook  its been awhile  now that i can use my computer maybe i'll be here more often  but for now goodnite fb!
well  my new year resolution was to make me happy and maybe not worry to much about how others felt by my actions and i royally fudge it up  leave it to me tho  althought maybe it was for the best  i've made some realizations and i hope that things will begin to change from here on out  i started last night and strive to continue in that path!
    ahhhhh  i want to scream at the top of my lungs until i pass out  it might do me some good  lol 
20 years  i've been alive for 20 yrs in just a couple of days  so crazy  lol 
sitting at the airport    headed to nc for the weekend  can't wait to see my bestie!!!!!
about to board the first flight for today! off to seattle!
ahhhh seattle  been a long time since ive seen you    doesn't quite feel like home anymore tho  next up atlanta!!!
second plane is almost here  this will be my longest ride yet  a 4 1 2 hour flight  here i come atlanta!!
"thank you everyone!!! i'm having a great day, although i miss my love    but thanks again!!!!"
sooooooooooooooo much fun! ha  i love it!!
some people     i mean seriously?  lol oh well i've had a blast being here  i miss my love and doggies!
i've had an amazing time here in nc    but i'm ready to go home! thank you <propfemale>!!!
bout to board my first flight of the day! off to <propfemale>   
boarding at <propfemale>!! pheonix is next    so close to home  i wish my phone was still on   
made it to pheonix! next up i get to go home! but i have a two hour layover    yuck  lol  sooo tired 
your funny hun  i see right through you  right through you   
everything seems to be dissipating right in front of me  fuck 
my family is gone  off to texas  i can't believe it  i feel so alone    i just need some support right now  my eyes hurt <propfemale> bad    my heart hurts incredibly bad  i want my family back   
bout to get the hell outta dodge and leave oroville! i cant wait! i'mma miss tons of people but i got to get out of here! i'm excited!
new phone!!! new number 17604599761!!! hit me up!
why does this have to be so freaking difficult? yuck 
at the movies with the besties and the boys    havin a good time!!
soooo hungry!!!!!!!
"     well  i'm at a loss  i'm not sure what to do at this point  either way i feel like i'm doing wrong, it sucks  i just want for us to be happy   "
i'm so incredibly emtionally exhausted    goodness    i wish this was easier   
"    i'm hoping that things are starting change for the better  i'm hoping to start being my happy self again  i know new years is when your supposed to make your changes but now is good as any  just because your alive doesn't mean your living!\i love you  thank you for being there!"
i hate oroville  with a burning passion  ughh 
"    i'm done  absolutely done  for the next day or two don't bother contacting me  i don't feel like dealing with anyones drama for a while  leave me out of it! another note, can't wait to see my grandfather next month!"
going to chico with my love  hope we have a good time 
just got my hair cut  feels good! i feel better now  talk to me   
having dinner with my love! happy vday!
"you irritate me  beyond belief  im not sure why, i really shouldn't care anymore but the way you've been acting has been affecting me, and i dont like it   "
my head kills  ugh  i feel super shitty  ready to leave oroville behind and just e playful lore the world  at least i'll have a week away from this shithole  yay  i miss you grandpa  maybe i'll get to see my bestie while i'm down there? i miss you neaa 
definitely unsure about what i need to do  i wish there was a simple way to fix all this  i mean my mind and health tell me one thing but my heart aches for another  it seems so simple but its just one simple decision that can change my entire life    ugh  i dislike my life very much right now   
if you have a best friend who has made you laugh   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   got mad at you   watched you succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up   cheered you on   had your back   ready to fight the person who ticked you off or made you mad   and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship  paste this to your status and see if they know who they are  smile 
excited to see my grandfather next week  its been forever since i've seen him   
at the doctors  maybe they can tell me whats wrong  then off to see a friend  can't wait to see my grandfather next week 
woke up to snow! our doggies loved it  it didn't stick long but it was pretty  love  hope today is a good day  i could use it!
"okay day  i miss some people i used to be close with  i feel kinda loney    he's always there, i love you <propmale>! movie time!"
"i wish i didn't feel like everyone i was close with and care about are slipping away  i was talking to an old friend, and i realized that the friends that mean the most to me are slowly slipping away    ugh  i hate this    plus i miss my brothers intensely  i love you <propmale>   "
slobbering baby chewing on my knuckle  hilarious  babies are so cute  lol
two days! just two days until i get to see my favoritest family member ever! i miss my grandpa sooo much  plus some much needed space from oroville! yay!
tomorrow this time i will be in so cal soakin up the sun  so excited  im so ready to see a new place!
headed to the airport! i get to see my gpa hella soon! so super excited! im gonna miss my love tho! i love you <propmale>!
about 15 mins til i board my flight! so excited! miss you already 
made it safe to ontario  now to lunch with grandpa & cj! its beautiful and hot down here!
made it to cathedral city  its gorgeous here  so warm  my grandpa's house is beautiful too 
casino buffet dinner tonight  yum  lovin it here  but im starting to miss my love  i dread sleeping without him for a week 
"gots a full belly  lol  its been a long day  im glad to be here  but i miss my love very much  i love you!    time to settle in, and relax "
"my grandfather is the best  he just gave me an amazing camera! i love him so much  although i missed my loves call, that makes me sad  sad  sorry  i love you "
street fair and mall today  its nice and toasty today  going to have a good day! taking lots of pictures  miss you <propmale>  love you!
street fair was crazy big!
man  its hot here  the mall was massive  i mean compared to chico it was huge  it was fun  but my feet hurt lol 
"relaxing end of the day    not much planned for tomorrow  just pool time! lol  i wish my love was here, i miss him so much  love you! night fb "
pool time!
"sloppy joes made from scratch for dinner and mint chocolate chip cake for desert  mmmmm  yummy  i love my gpa! miss you love, love you <propfemale> much "
been a nice day of nothing  its been a long time since ive felt so at peace  i really enjoy it down here    i miss my man intensely tho  & my animals lol  love 
"most definitely a lazy day  its hella <propfemale> down here, they have rds closed  lol  wish my love was here    i love you!"
ugh  sooo full  bomb ass dinner  so delicious! i feel like imma burst at the seems    feels like im ready for a food coma!
i think i might have a cyst in my mouth that goes into the bottom of my nasal cavity  its hurts and is ugly  not sure tho    time to see a dentist 
"if your heart is a pocket looking for change, \my heart makes sense   love "
going up the tram  up to the snow    taking tons of pictures today!
"just got back from the mtn  it was beautiful, air was crisp  i loved it up there! i wish he could have been with me  its kind of a romantic place  i love you!"
i just an amazing nap outside  the sun is fantastic  time for  a popsickle!
so much pain  i hate it  hopefully ill be able to fall asleep real fast   
"gm fb  up and ready to hit la and <propfemale> beach   \im super excited, i've never been to either  going to take tons of pictures!"
off to la! so exciting 
saw <propfemale> beach and <propfemale> <propfemale> peir today  no go on la  but thats okay  im tuckered out 
just got home  soooo tired  slept on the way home but still super tired    got some cool pics!
"i hope this mornin is lazy  i slept pretty hard last night, still a bit groggy  another street fair today!"
"thinking about a nap in the sun today  its bright and hot out  sounds good  lol  home tomorrow, can't wait to see my love!"
its sooooo hot  not excited to go back to cold weather  oh well at least i'll have him! i love yoh!
headed to the street fair!
soooo full  delicious food tho  i feel a food coma coming on  but theres still fresh fruit jello pie  ahhhhhhh  home tomorrow afternoon!
"on our way to the airport  i'll be on my way home soon    gonna miss my gpa, and this weather "
boarding the plan momentarily  its been a long eventful week  cant wait to be in his arms!
home  finally home   smile  i was so excited to see him! but i lost my necklace   sad  i love you!
its been one year   love  wow  seems not that long at times but sometimes longer than that  i love you!
had a good day  got to see girlie and baby b  love those two  get to see an old friend tomorrow! time to head home   smile 
"you know, i'm not sure why i try so hard  i have always wanted to please and i always see its toll on me but i keep trying anyway  i have these relationships that are based on their wanting my friendship only when times are bad for them, and i hate it  yet i continue on and let them  i guess i just don't want to be alone, but alone is usually how i feel    at least he's here for me good or bad  i love you kenny love "
its nice catching up on old times  i wish life was easier sometimes    oh well  eh  goodness 
"not feeling well at all  not health sick, just overall blah    i kinda miss highschool  at least the friend aspect of it   "
"all i want is passionate, unrestricted, undying love and understanding  is that so wrong of me? too much to ask for? no, nothing is wrong  i just watched love and other drugs(great movie), and it made me think a lot  i never could answer the \what do you want\"" question truthfully  but that's it  plain and simple """
"i wish that i could not care about certain people anymore  i wish i could wipe my slate of friends clean and start over with new people  okay not all of my friends but nearly all of them  i want to quit being so caring and start taking care of myself and my relationship    i guess i'm just tired of feeling like i'm losing people i care about the most, and is ready to just cut the ties and be done   "
"i need some people to realize that i wont be around forever  i'm the type of person who is going to be there for almost anyone regardless of how i feel about them or whats going on in their life  that's just who i am  i never turn away from someone in need  but i'm tiring of feeling alone, and used    i'm about to turn my back  something i've never been able to do    but i just can't take to much more   "
sitting here watchin <propfemale> get her hair did  ahhhh  kinda hungry  someone text me!
i love my man  sooo much    i love you!
"i hate vehicles and tax people  our car is breaking down, i need $99 to be able to get my extra $1000 of tax money    ahhhh  grr  im not happy now "
i hope that one day someone will do you like you do everyone else and you'll know how it feels  it may not phase you but at least you'll know    on another note this weather sux  i want sun! so i can go swimming! i miss swimming    
"like this and i will tell you: \1 )how we met: \2 )would i date you: \3 )who are you to me: \4 )what i like best about you annoyed 5 )what i dislike about you: \6 )favorite memory of us: \7 )first impression of you was: \8 )how close we are out of 10: \9 )looks out of 10: \10 )repost!"
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  ugh  thats all i have to say    i wanna go swimming sooo bad  i miss the weightlessness of swimming  seems like a pretty nice day, hopefully the weather stays this nice!"
"wayy super tired, i believe i'm coming down with something  i wish i could enjoy this weather a little more    all i want is my man, friends, and to go swimming! oh and maybe some ice cream! yes  sounds <propfemale> good    ugh "
banana toostie pops are great  lol  i need a job  so freaking bad!!!
"such a beautiful day  just absolutely gorgeous today    i really want to go swimming, and today is perfect for it yet im not prepared  ugh plus im too tired   "
sooo tired  ugh  i wish i felt better 
"mmmm  long day    but its still not over  i miss my brothers, and my besties     ugh "
at e r  with my man  waiting to see what they have to say   
"at e r  again, my poor man  i hate this place, ahhhh  but he needs to be seen    "
he'll have to stay in the hospital tonight    yuck   
"hospitals suck  especially waiting for anything to happen    ugh  going to be a long day, but hopefully he wont have to stay another night    somebody text me!"
im throughly exhausted  ughh  i honestly hate the hospital   
"its so early to be at the hospital  today is going to be rough  i hate, yes hate ignorant people  they seriously piss me off  goodness   "
