f5af3f6d65b46d3dfa9170a08a2125d6
is like    getting stalked at work by a couple of 30 yr old guys  but she's gonna get this settled for sure 
is just watching the world walk by outside  it's just not my time to change yet 
is all bleh    i give up! life needs to leave me be!
"is all like, hell yeah, my new desktop background is pwnsaucesome! my fortune cookie told me: \stop searching forever  happiness is just next to you \"""""
tee <propfemale>! i'm quite happy today!!
a little bit of yaoi goes a long way  a lot of yaoi took me father than i ever dreamed to go! yay yaoi!
a little bit of yaoi goes a long way  a lot of yaoi took me farther than i ever dreamed to go! yay yaoi!
"im finding the beauty in the dark spaces, and finding the ugliness that is in the light  why does everyone think that the light is so good, even when it has it's own ugliness to it "
"i can't believe my best friend's getting married in a little while  when i sit here and think about it, she was one of the only real friends i really ever had when i was little  we were there through thick and thin    and now she's getting married  this is so weird feeling, but all i can do is support her and hope she's happy "
caught <propfemale>'s bridal boquet at her and <propfirst>'s reception 
"bought yaoi and found all kinds of good, cheap, legal, and non-bootlegged stuff to buy today  going get sister <propfemale> for like    five bucks tomorrow with her fye coupon! woot!!"
is using her day off to watch her new completed series of sister <propfemale> 
my taste buds are singing odes of joy!! chinese food is the best!
is hiding under the covers in her room  it's cold and rainy today in and at the house 
absolutly adores wall-e!
is having an awesome first day back in class! seeing tons of people i know  musical mondays ftw!
"sagey is reading beowulf    dull, dry, beowulf    why friggin' beowulf?!"
has her harvest <propfemale> game for gba!!! yay!!!
"is utterly, and uberly making herself paranoid and causing herself small panic attacks for no apparent reason   "
"today was a really hard day    no, i'm not okay  no, i don't want to talk about it  so please just leave me alone  i don't feel like getting pressed with questions today "
"had a wondeful weekend! spent friday afternoon and most of the evening with <propfemale> shopping  went to work for a short time saturday and chillaxed at home afterwards  spent sunday with the family    had lunch, got new draws for storage, got a new build-a-bear, got the new kingdom hearts game, went to work and had an easy night  hell, i even got a random gift on gaia!"
"saturday, saturday    don't wanna go to work, but i have to  dang   "
actually looked very nice today  sagey is most pleased with the results of today's wardrobe e playful eriment 
20 days left until the annual madrigal dinner   
18 days left until the madrigal dinner  i forgot to change it during the friday hours    go cajuns!!
saturday is over and done  17 days left until madrigal 
16 days left until madrigal 
15 days until madrigal   
god    the idiocracy of people never ceases to amaze me    14 days left until madrigal
2 days left until halloween    13 days left until madrigal    god knows how many days are left until my yaoi mangas get here 
1 day left until halloween    12 days left until madrigal    let the yaoi get here tomorrow for pete's sakes!!!
let the yaoi live on!!! 10 days left until madrigal 
let the yaoi live on!!! 9 days left until madrigal 
is so wishing that she could be a si playful ronged <propfirst>    let the yaoi live on!!! 9 days left until madrigal   
is so wishing that she could be a si playful ronged <propfirst>    let the yaoi live on!!! 8 days left until madrigal   
feels lonely on the inside    7 days until madrigal   
is tired of stuff going wrong    6 days left until madrigal 
5 days left until madrigal   
feels really alone today    it just doesn't feel right    4 days left until madrigal 
tomorrow's the big day    less than 24 hours until madrigal 
today's the big day    7 hours and 30 minutes left until tonight's dinner 
"well, one show down, two more to go  hope things aren't a total disaster were the fanfares are concerned    approximately 21 hours and 18 minutes until the next madrigal dinner"
4 hours and 58 minutes left until tonight's madrigal dinner show    tickets are still availible!
last night of madrigal! yay! less than 7 hours left until the last dinner show 
yay! finally it's over! madrigal is over! yay!! had fun at <propmale>'s house  whooped some serious booty in super smash brothers brawl  ate some good pizza    yeah    everything's all good now   
"let it snow baby, let it snow!!"
omg!! it snowed!! omg!! i played in it!! omg!! my and the bubbas had a snowball fight at 9 p m  until 10 last night!!
"snowed on friday  worked saturday  sang on sunday  was in the daily advertiser monday  went shopping with <propfemale>, got a cute outfit and a new pair of spanking boots tuesday  went to daughtry with dad, <propmale>, and <propfirst> on wensday  took <propfirst> to the doctor and <propmale> out with <propmale> today and looked uber, uber cute (thankies <propfemale>!)! wonder what tomorrow will bring?"
i'm surprised at how many people actually changed their display pics to pokemon ones! tee hee~!
let the music continue to live on   
happy new year nyan!!
"aj, we are all trul devestated by your end  we will all truly miss you, and wish for your return, no matter how against the odds that may be  so until we meet again, dear friend, sleep in peace "
"i witnessed a friend's wedding  i witnessed a friend's funeral  both were early in their lives, but i know that they have achieved perpetual bliss  it makes me thankful, that i can wake up every day, and see the people who truly matter  we all laugh together, love each other, and cry together in beautious joy or in deep pain  we have each other for support, and that's all that matters "
i'm getting things ready for aj's vigil   
"i am strong  i am brave  i am courageous  i, am a warrior   "
"and even though you have yet to take notice, i will follow you to the ends of the earth  i will follow you through the gates of heaven, and even through the pits of hell  i am your angel, and nothing will take us away from each other  even after death does part us "
sagey is highly allergic to stupid people  i swear! it's like no one knows how to read a menu!
"ha! my horoscope says that my mood is enraged  damned skippy! i hate <propfirst>'s day    just another day to remind single, lonely people just how single and lonely they are "
i feel a little lonely and unwanted today   
"i was on fire in judo today! i even sparred with sensei, and everybody noticed my firey spirit!"
"omg!! i cut off all my hair and dyed it, and it looks fricking amazing!!"
"everyone loves my new look  i can't stop smiling about it, and all my friends and co-workers can't believe how good my hair looks  thank you so much marcus~!!"
omg!! i just got my yellow belt in judo today!!!! uber epic wiiiiiiiin~~~!!!!
le-gasp!! i'm 20 today!!
"i'm not a teen anymore  it's already been 1 day, and i can't keep feeling like i forgot something    shouldn't that decrease as you get older?"
"can't seem to get the song \music of the night\"" from phantom of the opera out of her head  good song though   """
"loves the fact that her display pic reminds her of \phantom of the opera\"" which is her and <propmale>'s favorite movie """
is totally excited for her date on thursday!!
last night blew big nuggets   
"had a good weekend  learned how to drive a boat, got splashed with cool, refreshing lake water, had good food, caught my very first fish (striped bass), got sunburned    overall, it wasn't half bad "
"30 hour work week, waking up at 7 in the morning to tend to 100 screaming kids, having a hard time at work this past weekend because so much stuff happened, including, but not limited to: the dishwasher breaking and having to play handyman  god, what did i do to deserve this?"
guess who just got her mechacon 2010 silver pass~
"god!!!! my wisdom teeth are cutting again! i want something either really  hard, chewy, or a combination of the two  (no penis jokes, please  this is really serious )"
"can't wait until mechacon 2010  <propmale> is dressing up, and i get to be there to witness it "
my facebook flairs refuse to work for meeeeee!!!
yay for working flairs~ *w*
can't wait for mechacon cause it's next week~!
omg loooooves rice crispy treats cereal!!
yay!! the ugly tan marks on my knees are almost gone!!
today was excellent~!
why does work have to suck so much? why can't it just be easy and not suck?
"thursday: got rear-ended by a fedex truck, but left for mechacon  friday: was crowned as <propfemale> of the 2010 formal semi-formal cosplay ball  saturday: raved with a bunch of strange people and with dj wildfire; love that guy to death  sunday: came home with shiny new toys (i e  swords and a knife)~ all weekend: thought about aj "
dude    i watched an old lady slip and fall at target during my saturday shift    not very exciting   
damn  why does chocolate turtle flavored chex mix have to be so undeniably good?!
"fame! i'm gonna live forever  i'm gonna learn how to fly! high! i feel it coming together  people will see me and cry! fame! i'm gonna make it to heaven  light up the sky like a flame! fame! i'm gonna live forever  baby, remember my name "
never any love and romance for the cute and innocent    *sigh*
"dad's back  got to <propfemale> with him and mom for a while, then we went to opelousas and got to see the grandparents for like    the first friggin' time since easter  tomorrow's work and thursday's day with dad  yay hibachi!"
"know this is gonna be uber nerdy, but i soooo cannot wait for anime club  i miss all my devout little followers  *; ;* they really are my friends "
dang monier sensei's a beast   
"is going to dupre library to print out her take home quiz, then will go to angelle hall to help dr  haygood, then off to math, then judo, where hopefully i will not have any mishaps today    *> >;*"
"\i don't know if you can hear me or if you're even there  i don't know if you would listen to a gypsie's prayer  yes i know i'm just an outcast and i shouldn't speak to you  yet still i see your face and wonder if you were once an outcast too \"""""
"i hurt my foot ankle in judo thusrday, worked friday, <propfemale> had her baby saturday, which i also worked, along with sunday, understood math class today, and corrected my teacher a few times because he messed up in the problems  helping dr  haygood in the morning, and back to judo, which my foot ankle has healed up  yay!!"
"if only you were lonely like me, then you'd understand "
is having a deliciously addictive kit-kat fettish right now    *o o!*
why does being an adult have to be so damn hard some times? why do some things have to be so difficult to handle and manage?
"why is it that when someone dies, it feels like a big piece of your heart vanishes, and you lose so much of who you are that that person had brought out in you, regardless of it being good or bad? why do good men, women, and children have to die so young for the ends of those who are old and only growing richer with each and every loss?"
"judo is my strength, my salvation from myself, from my own emotions and heart  it is my second saving grace, and the dojo is my home away from home, the church of my fighting spirit, seeking guidance "
"judo is my strength, my salvation from myself, from my own emotions and heart  it is my second saving grace, and the dojo is my home away from home, the church of my fighting spirit, seeking guidance "
praying to get off work for the november 6th judo tourney  did my usja registration and everything!!
"i'm off! let the countdown until the tourney begins!! 13 days and counting! houson, here i come!!"
"anime club halloween party tomorrow, and judo tourney next saturday~ excitement!"
anime club party is tonight! be there or be square  or oval  i don't care  just get there! lawlsiness  judo tournament in a little over a week!
things to do: <propmale> and <propfemale>'s wedding  check  beehtoveen  done  anime club halloween party  finished  compete in a judo tourney  almost  madrigal dinner  far from  let's see how much more i can do with an injured knee    oh!! buy a new set of knee braces  double timing 
"one week from today! judo tournament in <propmale>, texas! i'm ready, so let's get it on!"
today's sunday  that means 5 days until saturday  which means 5 days until the <propmale> tournament  which means 5 days until i compete  which means    i dunno what it means  i'm excited and ready for this!
it's monday  4 days until the <propmale> tournament  i'm gonna work twice as hard this week to get up to snuff 
tuesdays are wonderful~! judo day! and 3 more days until the <propmale> tourney!!
omg it's thursday!!! only one day left until the <propmale> tournament!!! nyaaaaaaaan~~~!
"it's friday!!! friday!!!! omgomgomgomg!!! i'm competing tomorrow for sure, so for the next 24 hours or so, i will be mia! only people i'll maintain contact are with <propfemale> <propfirst> and other important peoples  if you text, and i respond, you're important  if not: sorry, but i luff yew~ catch up with me on sunday, <propfemale>?"
saturday: won second place in the <propmale> open  sunday: awesome double date with close friends  monday: got two great team cards at work  tuesday: presented my silver medal to sensei and the guys and got to fight another girl  tomorrow: getting my new car!!!
damn you atelier annie: alchemist of sera island!! you vanquish me so!! even more than trauma center: life in the er!! por que!?!?!?!? *if only she could figure out how to do the upside-down puncuation and knew more random phrases to yell in spanish* oh!! ps: sagey survivied black friday 2010  pss: sagey got her orange belt in judo last thursday  psss: sagey  is  watching  you  yeah    you   
beat atelier <propfemale> last night~!! yay!! tired as they come though  philosophy is whooping up on me seeing as i stayed up to type out the problems to work for the take home quiz  *sigh*
"so now <propmale> and <propfirst> are into <propfemale>    the other night, i beat odolwa, the first <propfemale>'s boss from majora's mask, and <propmale> was odolwa and <propfirst> was link  they both drove me nuts  they're almost as big <propfemale> enthusiasts as i am  i object to the competition "
"<propfemale> is amazed by many things    stupid people, stupid people who shop at target, anime, music, interactions between said stupid, slightly intelligent, and intelligent people, judo, and how she can see the floor in her bedroom after picking up the mini pile of clothes in a futile effort to find her misssing judo skills test paper  go figure   "
has interwebzez again~ now luff meh!
"went into work today and as super busy, did the work of two team members and handled customers out of the wazoo  can anyone say \super beast mode?\"""""
has been eating the same meal for an hour and a half    good thing cane's still tastes good after so long 
"went and saw tron today with my yaoi sister and her freind, and tron was amaaaaaziiiiiing~~~~!!!"
sleepy  hungry  sleepy  hungry  sleepy  achy  hungry  when will my body make up it's god-blessed mind?!
"so    i found out exactly why ouran high school host club is popular  it's really good, what with all my favorite voice actors (+), and it doesn't have just bishonen boys in it (++), or twins who pretend to be yaoi lovers (+++) (even though that's awesome~ just saying  you people know me), but it's actually very witty, funny, and the music's really really good! check it out!"
omg!!! judo tomorrow!!!! i need a workout from hell like bad right now 
just another day in the life 
super excited for saturday  big tournament and everything~!!
"the great depression is great  no tournament on saturday anymore    cause people are chumps and didn't wanna come spectate  unless they had an actually valid excuse    like work    so, the sagey is now bummed "
last week was the absolute pits    it was retarded 
"i can't wait for judo two-a-days  shaped up, here i come~ seriously, the beginner's judo class is not for the weak at heart  i completely forgot how hard it was compared to the inter advanced class what with all the energy cosuming drills  ps: my sensei is a beast "
so yeah    totally skipping judo class today and calling off anime club tonight  too cold and too dangerous to go anywhere    *sigh*
apparently it is my fate to be a solo flyer and adorabibble    i'm apparently just too cute and adorabibble 
"lessons in love tip #12: if you feel your love is unrequited, proceed to beat your crush into submission "
totally watched a guy walk into the women's restroom at taco <propfemale> this afternoon  t'was funneh 
"totally had a good day today  aced my spanish exam, had taco <propfemale> with <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and zach, tutored some white belts in judo, and saw my good <propmale> geoff futch  totally awesome day~"
judo is great~~!!! *obviously had a good day at judo*
"this weekend was, like    super amazing! house to myself friday, party on saturday, house to myself again sunday, went to lunch with like    the best aunt and uncle and cousin ever, and went and played tennis in the park with the best aunt ever and her friends  now all i need is my judo tournament reg papers and entrance fee for saturday   "
"well, it's almost the big day    competeing in the louisiana state championship tournament "
"well, the day is done  i placed 2nd in my second tournament! congrats to everyone who competed and took home a victory! go ull ragin' judo!"
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  i know you guys want to"
