c788de779e6673c3d25dc58b8bdfdc0d
"   who's that loungin in my chair? who's that castin devious stairs in my direction    yeah, momma, this surely is a dream "
"    ahhhh band camp  good times, good times  "
got it out of her system  smile 
"mmmmmm, cobra starship in louisville on november 12  sounds like a plan!!!  laugh "
"     despite the fact that my back is out of place, i'm feeling pretty well  smile "
was born to be nocturnal  it's not natural for me to wake up early in the morning 
   l-o-v-e's just another word i never learned to pronounce 
released some bottled emotions today    heheh  it was epic 
"likes the weather  smile     reminds me of waiting at venues a couple hours before the show starts  good times, good times "
he doesn't know her  nobody knows her     she doesn't know herself 
  so <propmale> mccracken of the used kissed my mom on the face  lmao  epic 
"  when the world sees you for who you are, will you finally believe that you're wrong?"
  i haven't lost anything except my mind 
is going to evansville tomorrow to see stomp! tehee    preety sweet  smile 
"    i made my entrance, avoided hazard, checked my engine, i fell behind "
"    so i'm flipping through the channels and happen to stop on this show \yo gabba gabba\""    who's guest starring? mgmt and <propmale> samberg  shyeah crazy  lmao!"""
   i'm like a dog who chases cars  i wouldn't know what to do with it if i actually caught one  
"  i'm sick of the things i do when i'm nervous, like cleaning the oven and checking my tires   "
i love <propfemale> so much 
"\put the toaster away  this is getting out of hand \""- chey navarro"""
"is greatly debating on whether or not to wear footie-pajamas to \the used\"" concert  smile """
just met the used  smile 
i'm team captian and i choose you!
i'm going to smash all of your toys 
"\never odd or even\"" is a palindrome  it's the same spelled forwards as it is backwards """
is worthy of a kick in the face  fart noises  i think i'm going to sink into my little corner and seclude myself from the world by burying my face into my gameboy 
this season went so fast! can't believe it's already over    and just saying    we're gunna kidnap <propfirst> <propfirst> ffrench because he is not moving  we won't let him 
"  take my hand, we'll run 1,000 <propmale> together  count the stars, lie on my car, wait for the sunlight "
is devoting spring break to losing like a bajillion lbs  thank you health fair for punching my self esteem in the stomach 
"needed time to think  so i galloped into a wooded <propmale> and after punchdancing out my rage resulting in a very long, and extremely painful fall, i realized what had to be done   "
"you come along with this type of weather  oh nostalgia, how you bring me down    "
i think it's safe to say    today i've taken a giant leap towards happiness 
"i wish i can e playful lain myself, but the words escape me  "
"had a lot of fun chilin with chiodos, new medicine, and the used  smile  and ready to do it again next week  laugh "
my tongue is the only muscle in my body that works harder than my heart
had an earthquake on her mind  apparently the kind that would bury us alive    
time is industry    it owns a part of me  i'm living in this world because i'm scared to leave  peace & <propfemale> don't mean a thing to me  i'm done    with love    and make-believe   
"kesha: she can't sing, she can't dance, and she can't write music  psshh, and they call her an artist  what is this world coming to    "
you hit the road and left me an ocean    i can't swim in the silence of your skin    please let me in   
i'm at war with head versus heart: it's always this way  my head is weak    my heart always speaks    before i know what it will say  
oatmeal creme pie for breakfast today  nom nom nom! x)
"stood on my roof and tried to see you forgetting about me    hide the details, i don't wanna know a thing  wish that i was as invisible as you make me feel "
"if the world is ending, i'm throwing the party  i came here to make you dance tonight    laugh "
"hmmmm    seems to me as if someone has access my facebook account    0_o \me no likey  "
have you any idea why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
is a busy buzzy worker <propfemale> who's <propfemale>n hit by an immense gust of nostalgia   
 sad  i wanna go home   
"\did we just walk in on a baptizzle?\"" - chey navarro"""
"take back everything you ever said    you never meant a word of it  you never did  hollywood hills and suburban thrills, hey you, who are you kidding?"
"as of now, i'm down strait up "
"\it's like the mystery fart from band camp '09\"" -- <propfemale> cornetet"""
so many mixed emotions  i feel    pure    like a whole new person   smile  camp was incredible  i hope this high lasts forever   love 
"sunday, august 22  the academy is    in louisville @ club oasis  plan on it  smile "
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!! ^ ^ hehe    now i'm off to eat some birthday sushi! nom nom nom x]
when i was talking to myself i'd always rather be talking to you 
    it's like the songs that i've heard my whole life coming true  
"\     it's in english  how are you confused?\"""""
i like girls!!
should've known better than to leave her facebook on -_-
heh heh    it's 10:10  on 10 10 10  laugh 
these are the days  smile 
pokemon!!!!!!  laugh 
"no! facebook, leave me alone! i need to study  annoyed "
"every time i get on facebook, it has changed  -_- laaame "
and to top it all off    end the day with a puppy!! :   today was awesome 
"\forever is a long time   and time has a way of changing things  \"" - fox&thehound"""
floridaaa!!  laugh 
"there's no place like home  cold, snowy, slushy home  -_-"
misses waking up in florida to watch the sun rise over the ocean 
chey navarro: \you're probably gonna walk in on your mom sitting on the couch," reading the newspaper naked \""\"1f48a7181513b4a0587b8b9dcc00e9e8,food poisioning was fun   damn tuna
