1dfe41bf8c0750393b4221a653d70029
really bored but also kinda tired lol that might be why im bored
hey im grounded and i dont have my phone call me on my house phone at 303-678-8468 if ya want to talk to me
why can't there be one guy to show me that there not all the same 
"everyone sees who i appear to be, but only a few know the real me, you can only see what i choose to show you, there is so much more    you just don't know"
p l u r that is how we roll lol
never leave the one you love for the one you like cuz they will leave you for the one they love and you will have no one there
"cuz your everything to me no question asked, i mean to you what you mean to me and the world don't mean a thing, so hold on tight and lets go for the ride of your life  (new song idea lol)"
for the first time in a long time i can say i'm turelly happy with him
"i only appear to be what i want other people to see but there is only a few who know the real me, so much more you don't even know"
"i love him with all my heart i'll love him tell death due us aprat, he is the reason for living the light in the sky i love him so much "
"ever understand body language, cuz mine is on fire but you'll never know it  joyful "
i really thought you were the one i was going to be with for a long time but i guess i was wrong  im just not willing to get hurt anymore  i can't
remember when getting high meant swinging on the playground?your worst enemies were your siblings race issues were who ran the fastest  war was just a card game and the only drug you knew was cough medicantion when wearing skirt didn't make you a slut  the most pain you felt was skinned knees goodbyes were only until tomorrow? and we couldn't wait to grow up 
"why can't one thing just work out the way i want it to, just one thing would be freking fantastic!"
and i wonder if i ever cross your mind    for me it happens all the time 
omg!!! i hates these things with a passion!!
"for some reason i really want to hit something, i wonder why( fucking people!!)"
"you want to find out who all your true friends are fall down and mess everything up and see who will still be standing there by your side, i did i have the best sister  in the world because of it "
you  know the worst part about being lied to is not the fact they lied but knowing you weren't worth the truth
"friday night we are getting a group to go see <propfemale> in wonderland, who's up for it let me or <propfemale> know"
"maybe it is true maybe we don't know what we have until we've lost it, but maybe its also true that we don't know what we're missing until we find it"
"i'm the kind of girl who will dance in the pouring rain, smile like i'm fine when i'm not  make you laugh when you want to cry  worry more about you then me, fall over laughing at the dumbest things, always forgive but never forget, who loves so many and hates so few, when she's hated by so many and loved by few"
when i tell you i love you i dont say it out of habit or to start a conversation i say it to remind you that your the best thing that ever happened to me
"i don't know where i stand with you & i dont know what i mean to you all i know is everytime i think of you, all i wanna do is be with you"
"some say that holding on makes you stronger, but sometimes it takes much more stregth to let go and move on"
old enough to know better     young enough to do it anyways
"what is this thing you call \normal\""?!?!?is it contagious!? omg!!! don't touch me i might get your normal!!"""
i can't hold on anymore    i'll let you go but ill never forget its time to let go    
"love me without fear, trust me without doubt, love me without restrictions, want me without demand, aceppt me how i am"
so tired today all i want to do is sleep
what hurts the most: saying something you wish you hadn't or not saying something you wish you had 
"so today kalin is staying the night, tomorrow i not sure, sunday chile picnic( it will be awesome) then only a few more days until school is over           i'm so happy right know you just don't understand"
"i think i verbally abuse the peole i love more then the people i hate     oh excuse me  sorry for actually thinking i meant something to you      wanna go  yeah  nobaoby moves     i didnt fall  i attacked the floor     what are you smiling at? nothing, i just love you ^-^\one for each people i care cared for"
does anyone know who brings what tomorrow for the choir picnic ?
"dear math, i have enough problems without yours      can you figure your self out for once haha"
"i know sweetie, i love you so much  i'll see you all time  you can't leave me ever"
"today i relize who my best firends are, kalin marcantonio, <propfirst> smith, and <propfemale> rees, with out you guys i dont know where id be, all of you have been there for me when no one else would be and you have taken a part of my life with you forever, i can always count on you guys "
"there's no point in staying with someone who doesnt even know your alive anymore, there's no point in trying when all you do fall back, but when you have the world in your hand you also have the paths to make   you make life it doesnt make you, you can make it what you want or it ain't your life, your just living there"
"5 more days tell i leave for california!!!!!!!!!!! theni come back to work haha yay! money! \i am so excited you don't even understand lol"
you want to know how my day went    found out im working tell i leave for vacation then i come back and work some more yay me!     not
"everything you think that is impossiable tends to be possible in the long run, so if you think something is possible because everyone says that its impossible   is it possible?"
"today im going to kalin marcantonio, a k a my sisters graduation!!! so stocked"
on my way to cqaliforina if you need me text my phone or messae me ill try to get it when i can  love you all talk to you later
im home im home im home yayayayayay
sometimes you have to stop thinking about what your feeling and think about what you deserve
oh my two days off of work yayayayayayayayay
watching the boys today then im haning out with kalin later yayayayayayay i do miss her  lol
"if you look in to a girls heart youd see how much she really cries, you'll find hidin secrets, best friends and lies, but what you'll see the most is how hard it is to stay strong when nothing is right and everythings wrong"
ungrounded lol yayayay
having like 5 conversations with my sister wooh! i so lost hahaha
"hanging with my sister and having a blast haha\happy is i  i missed her so much"
hmmmmm    i am thinking i need a new profile picture anyone gots any idea which one let me know pretty please!
on myspace and on facebook go me!
"<propmale> out with my sister and a friend yesterday, that was pretty good, glad i can have them when i needed them "
wroking on a new song   hope its good
never take a person for granted hold every person close to your heart cause you might wake up one day and realise that you've lost a dimand while you were to busy collecting the stones
"i like the whole single, party, fun thing but i love the whole taken he loves me im his girl thing  joyful "
i do believe that invader zim just became my favorite show     all because of gir lol
drivers license!!!!!!! im on the road sweet lol
so im getting my hair done today lets see how its goes haha 
es casi aquí! es casi aquí! la enfermedad sea diecisiete! yay yay yay yay yay haha
"a kiss is just a kiss until you find the one you love, hug is just a hug until its the one your thinking of, a dream is just a dream until you make it come true, love is just a word until proven to you"
thanks for all the birthday wishes everone!!
"senior hahah now classes are, <propfemale> voce,environmental science, mythology,imp 4  second day is ironworks, net & target,cp government, and cp english  all of theses by the way are in order"
"i know everything is going to work out, i know its going to all  be okay     so why am i so scared that everything is changing?"
alright so here is the deal my senior pics are up  and the ones that are up are my favs i want everyone to tell me which one is there's  please please please  
so ive choosen i hate hospitals lol
"new lef, new time, new me "
yesterday i <propmale> out with my sister best part of my day    my abs really hurt tho haha
so last night i had a great time with my sister and friday i'm getting stolen i guess haha lol it will be great this weekend i'm very excited for this!!!!!!
"if in this life time won't get to have you, i'll make sure that if meet you in my next life, i won't have to think twice on saying \ i waited a lifetime to say i love you    \"""""
"i feel like death warn over emotionally and physically  and no one is will to help me here this is great day, never fails either "
"why, even after all this time, my same fears come to haunt my dreams and take over my life, the same fears the same nightmares have all returned, after all this time!"
"four main reasons a girl\will stop texting back \one - you said something that made her mad\two - you just started to get boring\three - she fell asleep\four - you said the letter \k\"""""
"you been hacked! kind of     yeah    sort of     umm        yeah      hehe  laugh \love you! ~ gabbbbiiiiiii  laugh "
"mwuaaaahhhhh, i hacked u  i luv u tho babe, lol"
so in one day two people hacked me wow guys thanks is i feel the love lol
"there was a boy whose first love\ was a girl in a picture,\ which he found on the street \ he picked it up and kept it \ as time went by he married,\ but still kept it \  one day, his wife found it and asked,\ \where did you get this?\""\",1dfe41bf8c0750393b4221a653d70029,i don't regret my past i just regret the time i've wasted with the wrong people!
