e6383fe1a3ad9e950f2047a73f37a4c9
i need more hearts or i'm afraid it will stop beating!!!!
what a great day today   i feel fabulous for the first time in a long while   look out world i'm having a super day!!!!!
"it is only by thinking about great and good things that we come to love them, and it is only by loving them that we come to long for them, and it is only by longing for them that we seek after them; and it is only by seeking after them that they become ours    is that great or what????"
hey everyone   my daughter (<propfemale> videen) just started playing farmville   she's looking for new neighbors so i'm asking all my neighbors to head on over and invite her in    thanks
"it is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness        how profound is that???"
"life need not be easy to be joyful   joy is not hte absence of trouble, but the presence of christ "
"life need not be easy to be joyful   joy is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of christ "
"do not keep the alabaster box of your love and friendship sealed up until your friends are dead   fill their lives with sweetness   speak approving, cheering words while their ears can hear them, and their hearts can be thrilled and made happier   the kind things you mean to say when they are gone, say before they go "
i need two irrigation pipes for my botanical garden in farmville    can anyone help me out????
"<propfemale> your visions; <propfemale> your ideals; <propfemale> the music that stirs in your heart, the beauty that forms in your mind, the loveliness that drapes your purest thougths, for out of them will grow all delightful conditions, all heavenly environment "
happy mother's day to all you wonderful moms!!!   may you all have a wonderful day today!!!!!   god bless you all         
the joy you give to others is the joy that comes back to you     a-men
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man\ wishing he could talk softly to her ear   while you humiliate, offend\ and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he\ could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a man stealing\ smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domesticviolence\ ?"
"love is patient; love is kind; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude   it does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing, but rejoices in the truth   it bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things   love never ends "
every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it   autograph your work with excellence 
i wish you humor and a twinkle in the eye   i wish you sunshine on your path and storms to season your journey   i wish you peace--in the world in which you live and in the smallest corner of the heart where truth is kept   i wish you faith--to help define your living and your life   more i cannot wish you--except perhaps love--to make all the rest worthwhile   by <propfirst> a  <propmale>  these i too wish for all of you!!
getting things done isn't nearly as important as taking time for love    
"god created the world out of nothing, and so long as we are nothing, he can make something out of us   <propfirst> <propmale>"
"many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes real happiness   it is not obtained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose    "
"happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed "
remember that you are needed   there is at least one important work to be done that will not be done unless you do it     
is feeling wonderful and full of life again
"loving life and living it to the fullest    haven't been this happy for sooooo long, i forgot what it feels like    makes all your problems somehow seems much easier to bear!!!"
"let'ssee who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list, as a conscious decision  i wanted you there!! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but as family  let's see who on my friends listactually pays attention  copy paste this as your status  i'll be             watching to see who really is "
"go forth seeking adventure   open your eyes, your ears, your mind, your heart, your spirit and you'll find adventure everywhere    it is in your daily work, whether you are keeping books, making sales, teaching school, building bridges, driving truck    there is adventure in giving the speech you are afraid to give   think of whatever you are doing as an adventure and watch your life change for the better "
looking for more farmville nieghbors    anyone interested   please contact me   thanks
i need it to rain    baby getting tired and crabby   worked 18 days in row now and still going    please god    let it rain
i would like to thank everyone for the great birthday wishes    you are all so super   i'd be lost without all of you!!!
"i'm officially free,  yeah"
here's wishing all my facebook friends and family a very safe and happy thanksgiving!!!    be safe and have fun  enjoy!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all my facebook family and friends   hope you all have a great christmas and are safe
can't wait   getting my picture taken with my granddaughter today    yeah!!!!
yeah packers    man i love u guys    the best!!!!!!
looking for more farmville neighbors    anyone interested?
looking for cheap motorcycle
