64d4998bad6c05e7b4993700882edc62
not sure if i like facebook yet   
this next sentence is true  that last sentence was false 
"currently in kentucky! it's a pretty cool place    i'm diggin' the scenery, fo sho  but i just wonder if the people at wal-mart had the same trouble understanding me as i did them  still totally gotta find someone here to do an 'over-the-top' northern accent for me "
"happy 4th of july everybody! remember, if you don't blow stuff up today, you're not patriotic  take full advantage!"
"currently downloading soul caliber and sonic adventure for my new used dreamcast  laugh ! if you have any other suggestions for games, feel free to post!"
"planning\ on re-beating conker's bad fur day for the first time in years now that\ i have some new controllers  i'm putting full commitment to this one, \and have already deleted my old file  there is no going back on this \one!"
just thought i'd update my wall by saying that bacon is a delicious anytime snack  that is all 
"just got done watching a totally not pirated copy of toy story 3  excellent movie! not to mention a perfect way to end the series    not gonna mention anything else, just in case anyone didn't watch it already  currently totally not downloading a pirated copy of <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world, which i've heard is also awesome! estimated time of download, two hours   "
"guess what, guys? my baby rio grande red-eared slider just came in today, and he (or maybe she, i have no idea how to tell the sex of a turtle, lol) is the coolest turtle on the planet! still needs a name, though  if it's a boy, i'm thinking jimi, as in jimi hendrix  smile   pics to come! possibly "
dont leave your fucking profile logged on to my computer!
"i haven't updated my status in quite some time, have i? no sir, i most certainly have not "
"am i the only one who was not aware that disney is going to be producing a 3-d cgi remake of the beatles movie, yellow submarine? not sure how i feel about this "
"if there is one thing in this world that i will never be able to understand, it's dubstep  seriously, someone has got to e playful lain that one to me "
"15 minutes till my first class of the day, and i'm not even awake yet  this'll be fun "
"finally getting my wisdom teeth removed on the 25th  according to the x-ray i got, the bottom left is upside down, and rooted way up the side of my jaw  how the hell does that even happen? regardless, they're going to have anesthetize me, so they can cut the hell out of my jaw    and i've got classes the next day  happy, happy, joy, joy "
"back from my wisdom teeth extraction  didn't get put under like i thought i would, and instead just got sedated  didn't matter though, because whatever they put in that iv was some great stuff! it's a weird sensation being that comfortable while there's a couple of electric saws in your mouth "
"bah  can't eat, and that beefy crunch burrito w  lava sauce in my mini-fridge is calling to me  fml"
had $1 25 stolen from me today  serves me right for trusting an acc vending machine 
"just finished watching oddsac  i'm not exactly sure what the hell i just saw, but i'm staying far away from marshmallows for a while "
"dear snow, i hate you  please die "
sitting in acc with only 2 hours and 34 minutes until my first class of the day  today is going to be a long day 
this is a status update 
en taro adun!
"if this next sentence is a lie, then i am immortal  i am immortal "
"obligatory \osama is dead\"" post """
