1e29e37907dd50759da4f7885fae4885
i love you zac    i won't leave no matter what happens
one more week  love   love   love   love   love 
"yay! i's free once again, maybe a little less sane from sittin in segregation for more than a week but hey, who needs that stuff anyways right? ha, sanity      "
"ok, f*** you universe, i know you hate me and i hate you too, but i'm not gonna lay down and take it this time    i can't, even though i want to   i have promise to keep   "
"so what do you do when your whole universe is about to run you over like a <propmale> truck, just stand there and take it, fight it, or just get out of the way?"
i dont have another picture that looks decent     
"this is how it works, your young until your not, you love until you don't, you try until you can't, you laugh until you cry, you cry until you laugh, and everyone must breathe until thier dying breath   "
"cause that feature isnt available yet, unless your a hacker"
"can anyone tell mr why all my dreams seam to have zombies, peguins, and godzilla in them?"
"my heart says be thankful for what i have, but the rest of me says kill someone for what i dont, the rest of me is winning right now"
sure would be nice if i knew who took my shit!
"well, i hate to be quoting eminem, but i guess sometimes friends really are just enimies with secret identities"
"consensus: my girlfriend wont leave it alone so i have to ask so i can validate one of us, do i have sexy lips?"
"i have found my love of books again  a certain series in paticular, and lucky for me there a many of them, and many more to come"
"today will forever be a black day on the history of my life, i losted a true friend today due to ignorance, something i can never take back and i fear i will never forgive myself for    "
"today will forever be a black day on the history of\ my life, i lost a true friend today due to ignorance, something i can\ never take back and i fear i will never forgive myself for    "
"sweet, now if anyone could message me to tell me who this is so i know not to kill you in the zombie apocalypse    "
"i have a pretty amazing girlfriend, she can actually keep up with me in gow2 on hardcore, and she doesn't even play shooters"
"so i'm watching the a-team again, and it still rocks  specialists of the ridiculous, i have missed you over the years, i can only hope you will continue on your journey through pure awesomeness for the new age"
"24-karrot gold pinned hdmi cord, i have deeply missed your <propfemale>"
i wonder how many pounds of force it would take to literally rip someones head off?
pet pedros!!!!!
my girlfriend loves me and i love her!! (face with me on it)
even when upset i still just wish to hold her   
damn you facebook! does anyone else feel like facebook shows you the posts you don't want to see just to piss you off?
"i miss certain people, but those ones i do always seem to be out of reach      thus is life"
"facebook you are a lie, i am told i have 400 friends, in all actuallity i cant fill one hand"
why is it i can watch a movie about a serial killer and feel nothing for the victims but wince when the killer gets stabbed?
