366fe7d1ecaa84aa4d6b8b0605b7fb1c
"haven't posted one of these things in awhile so yea   smile  hike tomorrow, dragging them up to south mountain!? i think thats where we are going  i have fantastic ideas, haven't been hiking in awhile!  laugh  wooohooooo gosh i'm really bored     what about you guys?"
"coming home today!!! woot woot  thats right mom, your 2 pain in the butts are coming home!! haha  playful "
home!!!! woot!
hanging out with <propfirst>!  surprise  bored!!
"turkey on bread (with no chips), spaghetti (out of the question), or cereal??"
"school monday, have schedule!!"
took a nap  ha ha don't judge me!!
school tomorrow      smile 
"oh and i decorated my room and cleaned it!!! it's beautiful, yeeeaaaa <propmale>!"
"first day of school, and the walk from the bus stop to my house       was hotter then hell!!! it was fun"
"took a nap from 7 surprise 0 to 11 surprise 0  playful  (jealous) and then went straight to sleep      i skipped out on dinner, dang it!!!"
already doing homework!!! second day of school     alot of writing  dang it hamilton!!
"okay i'm out!! tired as heck, have to get up at 5 surprise 0 am  wish to still be getting up at 7 surprise 0 am, pueblo i miss you!!!!"
ahhh loving theater and spanish!!!  playful 
"tomorrows going to be a good day, i can feel it  tomorrow i have to wake up 30 <propfemale> earlier to catch the bus!!  smile "
eating cereal to hold me over!! it's actually really good!!!
"so glad its the weekend, i think i was really tired!! ha"
"the weekends already over!! it drags when time just goes by, hmm    2nd week of school "
"oh yeah, also getting off "
another headache     going to try to sleep it off  bye
"get to do an activity in honors biology with meal worms!!!! aha, this is going to be different "
the rain was fantastic last night!! excited for theater class!!  smile 
wishes i had long hair!!  annoyed \
is annoyed     ugh   annoyed \
love getting 11 pages of homework each night!!  indecision 
wants food in my belly!!!  smile 
"went to the orthodontics today, then about a 2 hours later i went to the dentist  woo hoo i got my e playful ander off, but my mouth hurts!!"
"having play tryouts this monday  going to go to it just for fun, who know  i might actually get a part!!  smile "
"really, there is nothing on my mind  still kinda out of it right now!!  annoyed \"
practice makes perfect!! haha  smile 
auditions today     surprise 
"i'll make you banana pancakes, pretend like it's the weekend now  and we can pretend it all the time, yea   smile  <propfirst> <propmale> is the best!!"
it's crazy sock day    and i have no crazy socks!!  playful 
hot and <propfemale> for the rest of the week  yea         annoyed \
would like to wash my amazingly awesome pants!!  smile 
"ummm, about to clean the kitchen    and blast my music through out the house!!  smile "
today just feels like a lazy day!!  smile 
days just seem to be passing me by!!  smile 
making music for my solo performance in drama!!
tgif!!! haha  smile 
"no goofing around today, i really have to make my music for drama   annoyed \"
i really cant believe it not butter!!! (saying i really can't believe tomorrows is monday!!) ugh
going to the bus stop     yea       annoyed \
"and if you say, this life ain't good enough  i would give my world to lift you, i could change my life to better suit your mood, cause you're so smooth"
"oh <propfirst> <propfirst>, she fell in love in east l a , to the sounds of the guitar, yea yea, played by <propfirst> <propfemale>   smile "
officially know what i'm doing for my solo pantomime!!  smile 
"just got done with bio  and watching the move \the color purple\""  bored       laugh """
going to watch <propfemale> of the dead with mi mama!! text   smile 
"3 test today, but its okay  once this week finishes i'm on break  woot woot!  smile "
"aced my history exam, got a b on my spanish exam, and i'm unsure about my honors bio      laugh "
is about to punch my brother!!! surprise 
"got rubber bands for my braces, tighter wire, ans rubber bands around certain teeth to force my bottom gap shut and top one  my mouth is killin me!!!"
15 more day till our halloween party  just finally realized how much needs to get done  im gonna go finish the project i started for it about a 2 months ago!!! haha
"have 13 different costume ideas  all revolving around the same thing,they sound really cool!! don't know which one to pick!! ugh "
"party today! gonna take a shower, finish the house, and get into costume!!  laugh "
burnt my tongue on hot tea!!!
"well my jaw must have been relaxed, because i just slobbered on myself!! haha  playful  going to the bus stop "
to ten million fireflies i'm weird 'cause i hate goodbyes i got <propfemale> eyes as they said farewell  smile 
going to be laughing at everyone when they scream!! hahaha  playful 
halloween tomorrow!!!!! i'm so going trick-or-treat
"went to monsterland yesterday, pretty good   smile  treak-or-treating to day!! woot woot!!  smile "
"in the 80's this week, i wish it was cold again!!"
eating some yummy spaghetti!!  smile 
"slept wrong, back is killing me!!!  sad   of to the bus stop      yeeaaa????"
"going to importance of being <propmale> tonight (at hamilton high school) , anyone else going??"
is right behind you!! haha you actually looked!!!  smile 
have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor?
time to go find my stretchy pants!! yummm     haha happy thanksgiving everyone  smile 
"do you ever get those moments when you know you placed something somewhere, and then when you go to get it you can't find it!! and on top of that you really really need it, and you spend about an hour and a half retracing  your steps     and you still can't find it!!"
that was the first time i actually liked walking home from school!!! gosh i love the rain!!  smile 
"plan starting right now: clean kitchen, homework, shower, sleep, get up, eat the rest of the granola stuff my bro made, bus stop, then school  that sounds about right  laugh "
blue and gray  laugh 
"i'm bored, text me     if you don't know my number, ask!!! or i will punch you in the face!!!!  smile "
"okay i would love to see journey in concert if <propmale> <propfirst> got back with the group!! haha favorite songs send her my love, separate ways, who's crying now, and lights   smile  plus his hair looks so silky soft  haha  playful "
keeps getting distracted!! haha i swear computers are the worst thing when you are trying to get things done!! lol  smile 
"got into apac, i'm so happy!! i think that made my week!!  laugh "
"i own a goat!!! haha <propfemale>, we are lame       laugh "
"loving the thunder!!  smile  haha also i'm writing that script for spanish 2  um, yea it's pretty ridiculous!! going to sound weird because i'm tired, so everything probably not going to make sense       surprise "
"though i didn't know ms  puetz very well, i feel the need to pay my respect towards her  i do not think we should be sad that she has left us, but feel happiness for her because she is in a place the is a billion times better then here  no more pain, but happiness  we shall miss her, but she is in a better place now   smile "
"not digging the rain to much  the tile in my room has water all over it because there is a \hole\"" in my wall that is allowing the water to enter!!! had all my books and cloths on the floor and they are soaked!!!! wishes the rain would stop!!  sad """
"wow, tornado might hit in scottsdale  really strange, i mean never heard of tornadoes in arizona  haha"
"time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils   - <propfirst> <propmale> berlioz"
let's kick back for the moment  toss all your worries in the air  'cause you forget them when you're there  let's go outback tonight  let's go outback tonight  life will still be there tomorrow   laugh  guess what i'm eating tonight!? lol
"{singing}i got birds in my ears, and a devil on my shoulder, and a phone to the other, and i can't get a hold of her "
going to guys and dolls today   smile 
"guys and dolls was really good  the only problem was the their voices were being drowned out by the music  other then that, it was very entertaining to watch!"
"writing my comedy script for theater class   (i'm not funny, so this assignment is very hard!)  smile "
"tired of the same boring routine  wants to get out and e playful lore the world    but no, i'm stuck in boring desert arizona   sad "
"well cramming in lots of work last minute, not as fun as i thought  i'm being very pessimistic today, hopefully tomorrow i will be optimistic    i doubt it  lol  smile "
is in a happy mood today  although i am a <propmale> bit bored so text me 480-522-6853  smile 
"just finished editing my comedy script for theater  not to bad, i must say   laugh "
stuck at the library   indecision  bored    
"i get this question alot, why don't i like screamo? mainly because throughout their whole song, they are yelling  then i get to the point when i feel like they are actually yelling at me, and i want to scream back \i didn't do anything \"" that is why i don't like it   smile """
my niece decided to draw me a pretty picture in my new math book     in pen  god i love her   smile 
"boys, they are so predictable   smile "
slept through my alarm  going to school now  bye  smile 
i'm pretty sure i'm going a <propmale> bit crazy      surprise 
have you ever liked someone and then afterwards was like what the hell was i thinking!?
"my privacy was invaded during spanish class! they played my favorite band (journey) in bio, and drama was just strange today  haha overall i would say today was a good day!"
"feels sick, my stomach hurts alot "
"think i'm actually getting sick, thats the first  blah sore throat! sucking it up and going to  school  i'ma laugh when i infect everyone with it   laugh "
i go the coolest shirt every!! haha i'm such a nerd  it's an old tv show i use to watch called the angry beavers  haha it's my new favorite shirt!
"{singing} you can do better, you can do better, you can be the greatest man in the world!  (i swear i love say anything!)"
"it was a long day today, avoiding the back rooms because i heard a creepy noise come from back there  scarryy!!!  indecision "
"haha well i made my brother come back home to check if there was a killer in my house  <propfemale> and <propfirst> came with him and i wasn't wearing a bra   because i was outside waiting     embarrassing  wow i didn't feel very pretty, looked like a hideous monster with nasty hair     great  what a fantastic way to make a first impression!!  annoyed \"
"woke up this morning alive, that's always a good thing!! haha  ummm       nothing more to say  how your guys day so far?"
baking peanut butter chocolate chip cookies   smile  lets see how my homemade cookies come out    keeping in mind they might suck   laugh 
"\awww     you look so ugly when you cry \"" haha i love watching the show archer   laugh """
"is getting bored of facebook  going to go play fallout 3  bye, text me   smile "
"today i    got four hours of sleep, went to villageinn and was disgusted by im pretty sure was two girls kissing in the booth behind us, danced to cumbia music, played modern warfare with <propmale>, and am now cleaning and on facebook  today was interesting   smile "
"so yard work is always fun  especially the itchiness you get afterwards  needs to take a shower, because sweat and grass mixed together is not a good smell for me  haha   laugh "
"so my brother told me yesterday that i have the attention span of 3 seconds, and yet he puts me in charge of the cookies  luckily he put a timer on it or they would have burnt    again  lol  smile "
"had fun the last couple hours of my day   smile  today was good, i'm just going to end it right now  i'll wake up early and get done what i need to get down  btw i am a horrible cook   playful "
"so i was watching blue's clues with my niece, and i realized that <propmale> and <propfirst> look like they hate their job!! 0_o"
when life hands you lemons    deal with it! at least they aren't rotten  -anonymous  laugh 
"due to lovely people that i was talking to last night, for what seemed like forever and a day     i am extremely tired, but not like i can sleep, because i want to say i have at least up to 4 hours of homework  gotta love 'em  haha i wont be on today, text me if you want too   although i doubt i will reply   unless i really care about you  good day   smile "
get to stay at school till 2:14!! yeaaaaa!!!!!! i'm so excited!!!! yeaaaa!  annoyed \
"oh yeaaa, i get to go to the orthodontics for an hour so they can rearrange my braces  which means more pain, or should i say pressure    hmmm    i'll check that "
"a lot on my mind, making it hard to concentrate   indecision "
i said what what in the butt    oh i love my theater class  lol  smile 
"well today i get to be <propmale>!! i want to start doing something, but <propfemale>'s mama is sleeping   smile "
posting the wonderful photos of me in an <propmale> mascot costume!!  laugh 
"when will my family learn, that i will win every single fight and argument!!  playful "
"well, good luck trying to find a dj who can move and shake like this  hahaha  smile "
feels adorable right now     yes i am just that conceited  oh goodness i love life   smile 
going to study as much as i can before tomorrow honors bio test      i'm so not ready for it!!
"stayed after school till 4 smile 0 to make up a couple test   which i aced   laugh  walked home, and was amazed by the clean house my bro and his girlfriend did  thin i ate some watermelon   smile "
"let's see 7 more days of school, 4 days of actual school  with a 3 day weekend this week, i think i can manage! it's about time summer vacation came around!!  smile "
"<propmale> <propmale> okay well i didn't realize how much imma' miss my theater class  btw i want to thank <propmale> for spilling water all over me today in spanish! haha plus i've come to a conclusion that everything looks like a carrot with the lights turned off from far away, oh only if you guys were in my spanish class would you have gotten   "
"okay so i went to sleep with my music on, and then i woke up at 3am right when my favorite band, journey, began to play  i think that's kind of strange, my brain has journey radars built into it!  laugh "
"well this weekend was cool! my butt got sunburned, so it hurt every time i sat down  got kneed in the face a couple times, when everyone decided to jump in the pool together  lost at every game that we played  and didn't study for finals at all! yeaaaa awesome!  laugh "
is bored  text me if you want to <propfemale> 
"i must say, karate kid was pretty good  not as good as the original, but i will give it some credit   smile "
"watching reruns of fear itself  you would think that by now i would realize that each episode has a twist in it, but every time i'm like wtf what just happened  lol  playful "
"thank you everyone for wishing me happy birthday, even if it was late     i'm talkin to you <propfirst>   smile  toy story 3 was really cute by the way "
"california in a couple day, excited!!  smile  beach, family,and fun!!!"
"addicted to tough love, watching the last season i missed! ohhh i have no life right now   smile "
"had lots of fun in california! went to <propfemale> beach (got stung by a jellyfish), family (dominated in video games    not really), and drove back home  now watching pulp fiction with me lil cuz!  smile )"
"so my phone decided to go for a swim  thinking that i was going to have to mourn my phone death, i left it in the car for a couple hour in the 112° weather  come back get my phone, wish for a miracle   then i press the power button, it doesn't turn on  hold it for 20 seconds, and it's alive and well  thank god for arizona heat!!!  laugh "
"i'm so glad my mom is a massage therapist, my legs were dying and now they feel all better!!!  laugh "
"i must say <propfirst> tosh from tosh o is a hotty  haha my strange taste! on other note i bought an xbox 360 because my last one broke  (i wonder how, ha) now i just need to find the wireless adapter or buy a new one   smile "
"okay, so school starts on monday  awesome, i guess  most of my classes seem cool, i have health first period though   indecision "
"well     goodbye summer, and hello school!! i'm not sure how i feel about it  haha"
"today wasn't that bad, and i don't need to change my schedule after all!  laugh  just a couple more years, and i''l graduate  hopefully be able to live in australia"
"so arizona stopped teasing and finally gave us rain!!  laugh  i'm happy, but this means it's going to be really muggy and gross!!!  sad "
i'm proud of myself right now!! ?(?????)?
"do i look italian? this has been the 5th time someone thought i was italian!! oh on other note, i love dance (per 5)!! haha  smile "
"someone told me today i talk to much, ouch  haha better than me not saying anything at all!! gosh   smile "
"blah, i going to flippin punch him in the face if i ever see him again   smile  haha i just can't believe how you miss pronounce a word that can change everything!!  indecision "
"thank you <propfemale> feinberg for making me laugh so hard, that i am now sick  haha which doesn't seem possible  today:mall, music videos, and now stupid videos!!  laugh "
"so beat resident evil 5 on normal about a month ago, now i'm trying to beat it on veteran with my brother  i'm a nerd  ?(????•?)?"
silence is not <propfemale> in my house   annoyed 
"i just rug burned my tile burn, that didn't feel pleasant at all  umm    shakespeare competitions today!!  laugh dd i'm not sure why im up this early, but of to practice for the 5 millionth time "
"showing the school spirit tomorrow, for nerd day  haha i love my outfit!!"
"i told the witch doctor i was in love with you, i told the witch doctor i was in love with you  then the witch doctor, he told me what to do  he said that    ooo eee, ooo ah ah ting tang walla walla, bing bang  ooo eee, ooo ah ah ting tang walla walla, bing bang   "
"wow i just burned the back of my leg with a curling iron, i mean you can feel the full out line of it!! very painful right now  that is going to leave a funny scar "
today was a good day   smile 
"blah, not such a good day  it will get better though "
<propmale> aldana is the best friend anyone could ask for!! i love you man!! p s  tell mom i said hi!!!!  smile 
"<propfemale> vasquez, i got chills they're multiplying!!"
it is impossible to spell <propmale> with your butt!!!  smile 
"hungry, but to lazy to make me something to eat  the story of my life     so hiii!"
memorize    memorize   memorize  my brain hurts!
so excited for utah!!!  smile 
actually saw for the first time a cute pizza guy!  playful 
"wow, a sweaty morning!! haha rehearsals went fabulous!!!  smile  although my hair is still tangled, even though i washed it!!  laugh "
"haha getting caught in the rain and hiding under a carport, claiming i'm gonna die is fun  then seeing some hail fall in disbelief   made my day!"
leg cramps   sad  ouch!!!
"i want to go back to sleep, blah  utah!!!  smile "
"awesome job hamilton theater department! i'm so proud of all of us!!!! taking home 1st place in improve, and 3rd place ensemble dance  also the monologues and duo scenes were amazing! had an awesome time in utah!  love you guys  smile "
"jeepers creepers where'd you get those peepers? jeepers creepers where'd you get those eyes? haha watching jeepers creepers with my future to be sister-in-law, <propfemale>   smile "
"san <propfirst>, texas tomorrow  leave at 3, arrive in el paso at 5  switch flights, then wait at an airport for 2 hours by myself  then at 7 leave for san <propfirst> get there at 9  a very lonely afternoon it seems   smile :"
"love my new hair, kind of nice to see my natural hair color again!  smile "
"is like omg like totaly im like omg like all the time, im just that kind of girl! omg dont you just think im random  joyful "
boo! you scared? > indecision 
"haha swing in dance class was so fun today!!! haha <propmale> had me laughing my ass off, he is the best dance partner ever!!!  playful "
"when there's something strange in your neighborhood, who you gonna call?"
"one eyed, one horn, flying purple people eater!!"
think i might go to evit next year to become a special effects (cinema) makeup artist   smile 
t  g  i  f !!!!!!  smile 
hello there sunshine face!  smile 
"things i've realized i don't like: the smell of subway, <propfemale> the progressive girl, people who are cooler than me   playful  thing i do like: you  smile , mayhem allstate commercials, and posting useless facebook statuses!  laugh "
totally ready to gain 5 pounds over the weekend!  smile  happy turkey day everybody!
i just realized i don't really like pumpkin pie anymore! ):
hannah:i think we have high standards  bryce: no we are just mean! haha
you are beautiful!  smile 
my little buttercup has the sweetest smile!  smile  i love three amigos!
lunar eclipse in about 6 mins!!! i feel like a nerd!  playful 
"i love mexican bread, it's like crack!"
"today's hike was amazing, killed my calf muscles! haha but hey i got to feed the chipmunks tail mix and a <propmale> bar! probably something i shouldn't be feeding them   smile "
today kind of let me down 
"i hate being sick! my whole body hurts, and it feels like i'm about to cough up a lung  blahhhhh > indecision "
"so, i can't wait till i go to school for special effects makeup  i'll be the female version of <propmale> savini (does movies such as, <propfemale> of the dead 1978, friday the 13th, creepshow, etc )  laugh d"
"only about 10 hours of studying,and passed the permit test on the first try! wow  smile "
"you are a sexy beast, i just thought i should let you know that!  smile "
"congrats hamilton theater, you guys did an amazing job at caff  all the hard work has payed off because we are going to state!  smile  all the rest off the people who did the ies i am very proud of you guys, because you are awesome!  smile )"
california in a couple hours!  smile 
"i wish i could sleep in, just a little longer!  sad "
"\i am so clever that sometimes i don’t understand a single word of what i am saying\""\",366fe7d1ecaa84aa4d6b8b0605b7fb1c,i actually miss not being able to dance   stupid sprained ankle!! :[
