c8b7ca6f2e617dcab88e6e32ad1f0b7d
can't stop thinking about her
is hoping for the best
is waiting for this god awful sunburn to go away
wants to get a god damn job already
needs to be more self confident
can't wait to learn a martial arts and start boxing!!!!
might get a job!!
is excited for no shave november!!!
wants to get his fucking gym membership already!! god damnit  
reserved a copy of cataclysm!!wooo!!    still wants a fucking gym membership though!!
hell ya!! fucking winter break!!and i destroyed my finals too   57% for the semester? i dont think so rawwrr 65% owned!
"got a cell phone!!!woooo!number is 928-308-7348, call or text sometime!   now i just need a gym membership   i think next month though!!"
is getting a gym membership this weekend or on tuesday!!!!!!! finally!!!
"made a quote just for myself!!   \little man i could eat you!!!!\"""""
finallly got a gym membership!!!! fucking hell ya! got to get papers signed on friday though! but then i'm in and i'll be as buff as <propfemale> miller in no time!! lol
"if i'm going to hell (or more like when), i better be shipped to norse hell! niffelheim is what it's called  instead of a firey hell, it is an icey one! i love the cold so it would be just right for me! i'm so sorry if i made you learn something  for serious "
just picked up his reserverd copy of god of war 3!!!!!!!!sdfjkwerhivankleqioasdhfaknk!!!!!zomfg i can't wait!!!
went back to fury on my warrior! oh how i forgot how fun it is!!! officially b-a 
"fucking god damnit  why do i have the shittiest fucking luck with people? i always run into assholes  and when someone fucks up,for anyone else it is not a problem, for me it is a bad fuck up  this is the shit that makes me want to be a serial killer  fucking really  fml"
"i got a battered hilt bitches! woooot! 10,000gold here i come!"
fucking dewmocracy!! hell yeah!!! distortion all the way!!
just saw ironman 2!!! it was fucking amazing!!! one of my favorite movies of all time!!! i must buy it!
fuck my shitty mouse  how about i choose when i go back a <propfemale>?
needs a workout <propmale> at 24 7 fitness! lol  it sucks not having a friend to go with 
"has learned how, and successfully competed the rubik's cube! woo lol all i have to do now is memorize"
i'm so fucking bored!! anyone have anything to do? lol  no one should be this bored over summer!!
freaking psyched for mayhem fest! going with a bunch of friends!
god damnit im bored! i just want it to be friday already! mayhem fest here i come!
"god damnit  facebook needs a dislike button, or hate, despise, loath  give me some good recommended pages!"
just got back from the sickest fucking concert ever! mayhem fest was so much fucking fun!!! it was soooo wild at night!
"saw inception last night!!! that is the best fucking movie ever!!! <propfirst> <propmale>, you are a god "
"just got my schedule!! i've got a half day, this year is gonna fucking rule!"
   bored as fuck  anyone have something to do? lol 
"had\ enough of google chrome's bullshit! it is a great browser, but not very\ much customization at all, so i'm back home   good ole mozilla firefox \ laugh "
oh and! the new hulk in the avenger's movie will be    mark ruffalo!
yay going school clothes shopping!
"people often say i am pessimistic, but that just isn't true  i am just a realist and i look at the world for what it actually is  if i e playful ect the worst, then nothing comes as a surprise and i will always be prepared to take whatever is given to me "
"well, my car is legal now! its not the best, but meh, i don't have to depend on my mom anymore! (who is always late) "
"dude! tv services (dish network, direc tv, etc) should have a like  dislike button for shows, channels, times, etc! i would fucking love that idea!"
gah! downloaded a ps2 emulator   the only game i want to play runs extremely slow  need a freaking 20 or 60 gigabyte ps3 model  those ones are backwards compatible 
awww   tastebud's   why did you change your pizza?its till delicious  but it was perfect then! and i can clearly taste the difference   i cry because of you
"the new eminem album recovery is amazing! very good,truly "
"i am seriously going to murder my 2nd hour teacher     if he doesn't fix himself and stop acting like a complete piece of shit,then i will fix him with my fists   "
"downloaded doom 2 on xbox live   man does that bring back memories! that is seriously without a doubt, one of the best games ever made  or at least the best first person shooter! and duke nukem is right under that  i seriously cannot wait for doom 4   yes it is coming   2011   "
"so  i have a teacher who basically called me an ignorant retard for submitting an assignment the wrong way-which he didn't e playful lain how to do, he just assumed that we knew how to do it  it was a big fiasco  and now  i'm going to tell the principal,vice principal, i really don't fucking care who knows, just as long as the school knows what pieces of shit that they hire and allow to teach "
"-and if this doesn't work out well? well then i'm going to eventually \beat the living fuck out of him, then back into him  he will bow down to\ me and accept me an his lord and savior, master, superior "
"gaaaah! i want to install windows 7 as my main operating system (have it on a partition at the moment) but 1  i dont know if i should, and 2  i really dont want to replace all my files or have to start over with no browsing history  and no saved usernames and passwords  what to do!"
damnit! getting bad driver's tan on my left arm lmao  it is turning a different color than my right!  must fix this
"gah  november i command  you to arrive right now!! so much to do in november! turn 18, might get a job, wrestling, strippers, who knows!"
woo finally!!! house season premiere right now!!
"well fuck you microsoft  you win again    i cannot upgrade to windows 7 professional from windows vista home premium   i can either stick with vista  or spend a large portion of the little life that i have left on reinstalling every program,file,etc i had on vista   or i could copy some files on my brothers 320gig hard drive"
ah  how i love to degress in age  frozen go-gurt is the fucking bomb!! thank you <propmale> for showing me them!! i am eternally grateful! lol
finally!!! i got a cassette adapter for my car! now i can finally listen to good music!
my hair is looking extra super saiyan today!
god damnit i love fruit by the foot   why must you be so god damned delicious!!?
"so  just as i thought     spiderman: shattered dimensions was fucking amazing!!! my brother and i beat it already lol  we will have to get it back from gamefly eventually, so we can totally beat it, but still "
god damnit   i've got so much fucking work in english  let the bullshitting commence!
gah   so fucking bored
"so i've been playing bioshock 2   finally, and man, what a great game!! it is fucking 10 times harder than the first game, but i love a challenge!"
"now, when you literally can't move, and you collapse to the ground after 45 minutes of solid lower body work out, you know you did something right!"
"now it's improbable that i will get an answer, but anyone who goes to phs  do you know when wrestling season starts? i desperately need to know before hand haha "
"fuck yeah! got information on this years wrestling season!      starts november 1st    god i don't know if i'm ready lol  oh well, that means extra running, and lots of it!"
woo! sucessfully downloaded and installed age of empires 3  with the e playful ansions!
woo! got phone time  finally
my <propfemale> is so cold   i can actually feel the wind on it without my beard 
god damn you milk duds  you win yet again    but you are so delicious   
"oh my fucking god   my everything hurts  is it natural for your lungs to be in pain? first wrestling practice went well i suppose, but if my body muscles hurt in any way, that means i did something right!"
"fuck yeah!! practice at 10 am! hell yeah, who's pumped up to get their ass kicked? i know i am lol   "
"gah  i had wrestling practice at 10am today    was not fun either  but it was only running basically  i stayed an hour extra with a few other guys to get some extra technique practice, that's dedication "
"\i think he is trying to watch some illegal channels here!\""\",c8b7ca6f2e617dcab88e6e32ad1f0b7d,i give props to anyone who can tell me what movie that quotation is from!
time is up! that quote i posted yesterday was from the very beginning of american pie!
holy fuck yeah!!!! my mom got me deadrising 2 zombrex edition!@#$*%^
"well, about time for a rant isn't it? yeah, i thought so too "
"-currently, white people are almost a minority, and black people are actually a majority \\-you black people were born in fucking america  you are an american  and you were not a slave \\-africans enslaved their own people before us white people did, and sold them to us "
"-even if you give me proof that someone in your family was a slave, \think about the benefits  <propfemale> is and was better than africa at the \time, obviously, and it was completely full of opportunity for for \anyone coming to <propfemale>  your relatives knew this too, think: you live \at someone's house for free, forever, get fed, and raise your family \there, and all you have to do is a little work? not a bad deal   "
"thank you all for the birthday wishes on friday, it was a great day!"
"fuck you all  pokemon is overrated  lol  i was going to say that i hate it, but i know a couple people who would have a problem with that statement lol  "
"you know what? i don't usually play along with these facebook games, but this seems ok  send me a number between 1-1,000 and i will tell you what i think about you in a status with your number, instead of your name "
"777- well, you are such a nice person, i'm sure you could never hurt a soul  you definitely are very smart too, with all those advanced classes you take haha  you are very kind and funny and a great friend "
"822-you have to be the coolest girl i know! you share the same twisted sense of humor as my other friends do, got lots of common sense, cute, and you are intelligent, we or you and my other friends need to <propfemale>, definitely "
god cataclysm is just amazing  blizzard really did do such a great job on this e playful ansion 
meet in coconino was really fun! we kicked their ass! i could have done better   just means that i need to run a shit ton more  
it is finally time for wow!! took the rest of my finals  went through a dreadful wrestling practice  showered (and scrubbed extra hard by the way)   got coffee   and a safeway cheese bagel!!!
"congratulations pizza hut! your wings suck bigger <propmale> than <propmale> <propfirst>  who the hell has just mild and hot? all you can fucking taste is the god damn heat! either that or dip them in ranch, then all you taste is ranch flavored chicken! i just do not understand how people like them "
"papa <propfirst>'s on the other hand   they have bbq, <propfemale> chipotle, unsauced,spicy buffalo wings   and chicken strips!!! that is called variation!! fuck off pizza hut   why am i still ordering from you? because, ironically, papa <propfirst>s has no variation in crust  "
"ugh   i can not fucking believe we have practice all next week  even friday! for anyone who wasn't at practice recently, coach wants everyone at these practices, bring your equipment on tuesday  or you can just call him haha "
"oh    my   fucking   god         i just saw motherfucking tron: legacy    so fucking epic!!! if you have not seen it yet   either watch it some how  or jump off of a god damn bridge  it was such a good movie! the music was incredible, it is easily one of my favorite movies of all time  make sure you watch the first movie though, or else it might be confusing, and not as awesome "
"i was going to confess my love for archeology, but then i realized that only a handful of my friends would know what i'm talking about lol  fuck it, archeology on wow is so cool and different! i just love it "
"so i bought something online a couple days ago, e playful ecting it today, and i tracked the package only to realize that ups is delivering my package  i'm suppose to trust that \oops\"" is going to deliver my package safely and on time? yeah right rofl"""
"wow, toy story 3 is literally the saddest movie i have ever watched lol  very good movie"
"holy shit!!! lmao  i found out boomhaur's job! on one of the newest episodes, it zoomed into his wallet   he is a texas ranger! god i have always wanted to fucking know!"
general <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> iii & aebrax- destroyer of worlds
"you know,fuck religion who believes any of this shit?!every religion to me is as believable as scientology lmao most people are pulled into a religion cause of fear, and that's just sad some people are very good with words, and they know just what to say to scare you, then offer you a life line "
"but it just annoys me how die-hard people some people are for their religion, and then they try to shove it down peoples throats how could some people just ignore science  which proves what we know is out there in our world  and pretty much go out on a whim and believe in it?it just sounds obvious to me, but i just don't understand the other side at all "
"so i finally stopped by hold fast  they gave me a rough estimate of about $300-$400 for the tattoo i want  i've only got $120  sad  does anyone want to raise a \kevin's tattoo fund\""? we are now accepting all donations! lol"""
"*sigh* for some reason, i just don't feel like a team player today  i've got a lot of extra hate flowing  and it could be directed towards anyone within seconds of saying the wrong thing "
rofl   sitting here  watching blues clues at 5 am in the morning lol   fucking awesome
"you know, you varsity wrestlers are some of the best i have ever met! i plan to continue my wrestling in college  even though it will hurt, and i won't be as good as them  but i will be proud if i could be half as good as anyone on our team  and as long as these hulks are out there  this world will never be safe  or always safe (depending on which way you go lol)"
well  i finally beat dead rising 2!!! god         what a good fucking game   easily my favorite of all time  and now on to dead rising 2: case west 
gah   fucking bored! beat dead rising 2  no one is on wow  no money lol   everyone is busy   and school tomorrow  fml  why can't it be tomorrow already?
gah  i could shower right now and play fight night round 3 lata  or vise versa  but showering incorporates shaving  and guh  shaving is just a lot of work  what to do  
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier has only one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please re-post this in their honor "
woo! i just figured out how to do delt tricep push ups!
"i need a job, i've applied numerous places, yet, i haven't even gotten a reply   can anyone hook me up? lol"
i'm curious   any of my fellow friends  do you have any things that you are ashamed to say you like love  or enjoy? i know you do haha! are you brave enough to post it in a comment?
ahh  have to run the mile in first hour tomorrow *cry* my hamstrings are still sore from monday   this will be fun
wow   i delt with some fucking aggravating drivers today   god damnit i hate them  but other than that  spring break!
today has been a bit of an asshole of a day  the only reason why it hasn't gone completely is because i have coffee and it is spring break  
"all of my friends have something they are good at except me  one of my friends is the strongest and fastest person i know, one is great at math, my brother is great at writing  and what the fuck is my talent? fucking nothing  i don't really care though, it's just annoying "
"incredibly fucking annoyed right now  i am not in a fucking friendly mood right now  \oh hey there's just good ole <propmale> kevin\"" no  just no  not right now i'm not """
"ok people, fucking listen up  i am very easily annoyed and very easy to piss off, if you keep poking or prodding the beast, i will fire back, and it may or may not hurt  however    once i let it out  it's pretty much gone and i'm completely cooled down  i just have to get the anger out of my system, like cleansing  once i do   i will be nice and willing to listen,and see the error of my ways, and i will apologize "
"my last status update was just for your information  i'm just saying it so that if it does happen to you  you won't take it so seriously, you know? know that shortly after, i will realize that i've been an asshole and what-not, and then i'll fix things  it isn't healthy to bottle in anger"
"i am so bored lol  and i haven't slept in over a day  why i willingly do that to myself, i'll never know lol"
"oh god   just cooked breakfast for my bro and i    sooo fucking good  thick sliced hickory smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, pork sausage <propfemale>, <propfemale> sausage links, and a good fucking cup of coffee  and i haven't slept "
"arizona state wrestling champion <propfirst> robles is truly amazing! it's really unbelievable how good, and how big of an inspiration he is "
"if i im'd you with that spam saying you were tagged in a picture  this is still me online lol  don't go to that link or it will do the same bullshit  if you want to help though, press alt & print screen to take a screen shot, then ctrl v in a paint then save the file "
"then go to the link, then immidiaty stop loading the <propfemale> when you see the link that says \report this application\"" then upload that picture as proof that that it is a hacker app """
"oh my god    i attempted to make some biscuits and gravy  i messed up somewhere in the biscuits, they were <propfemale> and crispy on the outside, yet soft and doughy on the inside  but the gravy was fucking godly   "
just made a grilled cheese sandwich  but instead of using grilled ham  i made it with a sausage <propfemale>! outcome? incredible  
i need a fucking job man  
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status"
totally gonna shave tonight  time for power beard?! i think so 
