17b99d96912b55e2a1370a5d7db86d75
ready for school!!
college is killing me    taking all my energy away
i hate raining day
zzzz         i need more sleep       but school time is one 
i think my car's passenger seat is down         ruined my day
finally it is done    at least it is worth it     
why does it has to rain all the time      
i need good sleep!!!
it is finally chinese new year haha wish everybody happy new year!
ready to do my essay~~~
finaaally it is done
still working on my brochure     
"it is finally done  now, i can have a nice sleep   "
"finally, the exam is done  i have a feeling that i made a 90+ but my past e playful erience is telling me that my feeling is often wrong   "
i screw up     
i am losing faith
why care so much??? just let it flow  
one more exam to go     
going to my math class    
last class haha      can't wait   the break is just around the corner  
full time job + 4 classes = ???
just came out of gym  feeling good after playing pain ball 
can anybody find jonny <propmale>'s actual obituary for me??
omg      now i will have to rewrite my essay     
is ready to eat 
is ready to work and finish the day
"i just pass the writing sample    one more step, and i will be outta this class haha"
is in his last class and ready to go home
has totally forget about his project    
needs a long vacation      
is allergic to the afternoon sunshine!!!!!
's day been ruin by someone      
today is not good for anything  but i think i will be fine
hates grammar        but compass exam for writing is on next week  
has three more essays to write during the weekend       
is nearly broke   bankruptcy is right around the corner from him    
is ready for the last final exam of this semester
just finished all his final   good day for him    
time is passing slowly and i am bored
i guess the summer is over for me    
does anyone knows what are the classes that required for psychology <propmale>???
hates writing essay on a exam             
"try to get his essay done   but something stupid is bothering him   \he just want a quite moment,gosh,is that too much to ask for   "
i guess i picked the right <propmale>      
exam tomorrow     
is sitting in his history class    waiting for the exam to get back  
i think i just bomb my test       
i am on skreeky now! (channel = facebook)  message sent from my skreeky app  download at http annoyed  skreeky com download 
"can't sleep, but gotta get up at 6 tomorrow    someone save me!!!"
"my math class is going to be 3 freaking hrs  gosh, i'm not ready for"
"got a a in my history class, haha"
can someone e playful lain to me the differences between personality and character????
is turning into a grade junky       
personality to character is as same as diploma to capability 
"done with my review sheet for math\now moving to english essay    \when are the all the works going to end?????\      i just want some free time   "
is stuck in the library because he has no umbrella!!!!!!!
have no idea he is having an exam today
why does the darn rain always has to start when i am trying to leave the damn library??????
does anyone knows a biology professor name <propfirst> g  swift????
one more week of school       
next week is not the last week of school for summer!!!!!
just had a 14-hour nice and long sleep      the world suddenly look so good!!!
i need to get this essay half way done tonight!!!!!!
"i'm almost there, just one more body paragraph!!!"
is trying to proofread his essay      what a boring job!!!!!!!
done with the compass haha!!!!!!
i am so sick of the weather!!!it is so darn hot!!!
"i finally dropped my english class on fall, haha"
"woke up at 7 smile 0, trying to get the class he want, but the darn class was still full lol"
"now, i'm having all freaking 4 classes in two days(tr)!!!"
still changing his schedule~~~~~
i hope i will pass all the 6 classes on the fall~~~~~~someone wishes me good luck!!
it is good to drive on the side of highway that does not have a traffic that is moving like a turtle 
i am ready for school~~~
i hate listening to a professor talking about his syllabus for the whole class period!!
my freaking books costed me 750 dollar!!
school is going to continue for 115 days and 20 hrs      so let the countdown starts~~~~
has so much too read for tomorrow's classes   hates them
i wish teacher will take an hour to finish her attendance sheet
"this year, half of my professors don't teach    "
"boring convocation  fortunately, it was only half hour!"
i think both of my biology classes are teaching the same thing  haha
why do all the professors want to do stuffs at the same time   i just don't understand    all my classes are having their first exam and essays due on 8 and 9 of next month 
i am going to ace all my classes this semester with no exception!!!!! i promise!!!!!!
my math professor better not pass the staff evaluation form out to the class at the end of the semester!!!!
"<propmale> favors the prepared mind\-<propfirst> pasteur"
"i am adding people on skype  if you have one, hit me up   "
people who do not know how to drive need to stay away from highways!!!!
this is totally unacceptable!!!!
writting a freaking letter to my professor!
the circle is still there!!!! lol
just received two exact grades on both of my biology classes! weird but happy  smile 
the sun needs to move out of the way so that the clouds can take over!
"have a cup of coffee sitting right in front me, but not sure i should drink or not~"
guess what?coffee helps me get sleepier!
i am sick sad 
anybody has any ideas about how to solve writter's block?? i hate writing essay!!!
"18 credit hours next semester, let me know if anybody wants to take some classes together~"
darn   i guess i will need to live with it   what a life  sad 
"finally finish all my registrations  haha, glad that i am done  smile "
it is going to be a long night~~
heeeeeeey! <propfemale> has taken over smile  smile  haha
sitting in a plane heading to new york! i just freaking love my days off  smile 
"so much memories flashed back at once, but they were simply representing the past; things don't come back after they pass you no matter how much you miss them "
i'm sick of being sick          
new year's <propfemale>???? but how come i just don't feel any thing about it sad 
worst day ever  
"just got a ticket for driving 68 on 19 41, i can't believe this!!!!"
my math book was stolen by some idiots during jogging class  what a sob!
"this thing is so freaking cool!!!\http annoyed  to pbs org fzrhyv"
i really don't understand what my math professor is talking about sad 
i hate afternoon sunshine!!!!! makes me drowsy
installed facebook for windows phone
"ready to get my first test grade in chemistry back, hope i will survive from it wink "
i think i accidentally throw my lab data sheet away yesterday night sad 
"cut myself while sleeping, how the heck does that even happened??"
has anybody taken principles of macroeconomics yet?
what’s on your mind?  smile 
why am i so stupid?
anybody wanna come out of the closet with me?
aleaha get off my darn facebook!!!!
my account got hacked by this evil sitting next to me lol!!!!
i really need to stay away from my laptop !!!!!!
