b1b0aaa4ea7e4ab1f5c02862dcbe4c31
the last few hours of this year   
the first day of a new decade! happy new year!!
 smile 
south pas cops     sad 
my first job  smile 
normans place is leet!!! yoyo  laugh 
"<propfirst> ethier, beasting it!"
rayging waters todayy  laugh 
"disneyland tmrw, 2 days, amen   laugh "
hometown after ragin waters is sooo bomb   laugh 
ahhaha yepp im the <propfirst> who knows <propfirst> who lives on <propmale> ave  lol   yeah small world lol
im not feelin so hot
mmm   bored
how am i even up this early    
amazed 
inglorious bastards > smile 
san <propfirst> mountains looks like a volcano  surprise 
im meltingggg!
as wink lkfj;wjeo
im going back 2 sleep u_u 
mini golf!!!  surprise 
redrum  try to figure it out o o
dockweiler bonfire was tight  the waves freakin wiped me out though
i have glasses     - surprise -
mmm coffe icecream      smile 
the proposal lol  laugh 
so much hw all of the sudden   
fahhhhhh i gotta finish my philosophy hw @_@ 
zombieland was sooo badass
psychology   
yesss done w  my philosophy paper > smile 
you gotta be fuckin kidding me   
got an astro boy t shirt > smile 
sleeeeep u_u 
let it rainn!  laugh 
i like the rain    but driving in it is a bitch
fuck  gotta go 2 this bullshit english class     sad 
<propfemale> ho park?! lol gg
dodgers     do it
cc!!! yanks all the way 
cmon yankees!!! son of a 
yeah boy yankkkees
dodgers?    
yankeees baby!!!
4 homeruns baby!!!!
4 homeruns baby! cmon lets do itttt
mechanics really screwwwwed me     fuck 
stressed out  cant thinkk  fuck 
wow freakin 7th inning   cmon yankkeees!!!!
damit!
rough week    thank god its friday  smile 
"7 cars to the mall, it was tiggghtt son!!! but 4 of us almost ended up in accidents lol (all started with shane    laugh )"
"7 cars to the mall today, 6 were asian drivers, 4 of us almost got into accidents (<propfirst> had to start it lol) aahhahaha asian driver statistics baby!!!"
atta boy yankees! thats how we do baby!!!
i got a badass fkin headache right now 
this is worse than that one time i ate that oyster    fml
had the flu   alot better today  but i got 2 shots in my ass     shit hurts like hell
horrible call!!!
i want <propfemale>!!!
i must get      chocolate!!!!
keep it up yankees!!!!
27!!! beautiful number!!!
"should i do this essay?     nah fk it, it can wait"
sometimes the past just catches up w  us    
essay time   
i finished this essay in an hour flat    thats gotta be a fkin record!
pretty much done with philosophy now    fuck yesss!
class got cancelled     smile 
i wanna watch the meteor shower but dont wanna stay up till     annoyed 
mmmm     2 do hw? or not 2? that is the question   
tgif 
<propfirst> urban in pasadena tmrw!!!  laugh 
i can   not bowl  laugh 
welcome home!!  laugh 
i finally watched up! omg amazing movieee 
that was pretty tight yesterday     wink 
mmm   time 2 start my research papers  annoyed 
"ur so predictable(shane), like a moth to the flame "
5 hours of psychology 2day :{{
faaaaah!!! givin blood tmrw    surprise '
"those raindrops keep fallin on my head, they keep fallinnnn    "
i forgot how much i hate driving in the rain    women can not drive 
studying for finals (aka watching lost)  smile 
mmmm   im sleeepy u_uzz
hittin the gym
i should problably come up with some new years resolutions    
storms all around the midwest and eastcoast @_@    75 and clear here in california  nice  playful p
class tmrw    =_=
finally looked at my winter schedule and realized i dont have class on mondays   swwwweeeet!!!  laugh dd
<propfirst> <propfemale> on lopez tonight   lol yesss  wink 
pants on the ground!!!
why d'ya sing hallelujah if it means nothin to ya   
who?!   go saints!
"nazi aint got no humanity, and they need to be destroyed  each and every man my command owes me 100 nazi (zombie) scalps, and i want my scalps! souuund good?!"
planet earth has amazing visuals
completely underestimated how long it would take to finish my accounting hw   
"fuck math, accounting, english, geology, and speech"
socal drivers should be awarded an olympic gold medal   
some people wait a lifetime for a moment like this   smile )
yeah   fuck going to speech today  wink 
"you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild,  ohh, you make me smile  smile "
fuckk load of geology hw    annoyed 
idol 
"you know its true, everything i do, i do it for you "
ffffffuuuuuuuuckkkk
essay time!
"if i could reach up and hold a <propfemale> for every time you made me smile, i would have the whole night sky in the palm of my hand   smile "
i hate my dad   
fuck it   ima hit the gym
lol the earthquake freaked my dog out  laugh 
ask away!!!  surprise o http annoyed  www formspring me raywang
i dont gotta formspring   i dont know what your talking about o o http annoyed  www formspring me raywang
one month boo  smile 
geology midterm tmrw! @_@ shiiiiit
finally updating my itunes!  smile 
just woke up
"slept in, got my country music goin on, got my costco chicken goin on    so far so good  smile  but still missing something"
"i can't find, oooh the right romantic line;  but see me once, and see the way i feel"
finally have the time to watch idol  smile 
i swear theres an owl somewhere in my house     surprise 
never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the <propfemale> 
toy story on blue ray   yes lol  laugh 
is a __________!
country night on idol!
sighhh    
watch and subscribe!!!  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pqwsodac5js&feature=channel
cleaning my house takes forever    shiiiiiiiit  sad 
the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt   smile 
"if music be the food of love, play on "
haha ur too easy     
im excited for next week 
went to bed at 2 but woke up at 7   wonderful 
happy two months boo  smile 
"if i could be any part of you, i’d be your tears  to be conceived in your heart, born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips "
 annoyed 
man could anyone else be as easy as me
   
"will young - leave right now  awesome song! (and no, its not country)"
kickin it after hiking at eaton canyon  u_uzzz
piece of cake i am!!!!
i dont wanna do hw! dont make meeee!!!
up early doing geology   yay!!!  annoyed 
english research paper @_@    
"sure why not! if you like this status, i will post something on your wall about what i like about you  post this at your status if you want a challenge!"
my hands are tied like a pretzel    i got a pretzel in my hand!
"new ipod nano!!!  laugh dd thanks <propfemale>, love you babe  love "
i disabled my formspring! nooo more!!!! ;pp
fuck it 
why cant things just be    fuckin easy for a change   
happy three months boo  smile 
i am gonna   take a nap before finishing my research paper  annoyed ''
3 months boo  smile ) i miss youu 
gymin it > laugh 
<propfemale> aguirre is always right 
toooo infinity    aand beyond!!!
there are some weird people at the 24 hour fitness in arcadia    surprise 
my accounting teacher reminds me of a samurai   
i really just want to get friday over with 
"kimmy khournso and <propfirst> fong, ya'll rock "
tight seein everyone at the pickup baseball game   but im tired as hell  annoyed 
no fourth of july has ever burned so brightly
happy four months boo  smile 
its fkin hot    work out time 
sunburned 
my head fkin hurts  annoyed 
i miss my boo  sad 
"well i feel beautiful but most of all vulnerable since you broke in   baby your my sunshine, first light, find your way to places that only know lies, failed tries, and bruised skies with hardly time to hold on or be strong  now im strong  cause like the <propfemale>, you push it all away  ill tell ya your my sunshine  love "
cant wait for tmrw!!!  smile 
five minutes ahead of schedule     right on schedule  lol
this weekend needs to end already so i can see my boo 
i think i think too much 
"love is all that i need, and i found it there in your heart    it isnt too hard to see, we're in heaven     smile "
happy 6 months boo  smile  love 
"you can't hide beautiful, you can't hide wonderful, theres nothing that she has to do, it just comes natural  she makes it look easy  i love what she does to me  no way to disguise the way that she shines  <propfemale> aguirre you cant hide beautiful "
my head is spinning   time to sleep u_uzzzz
i got my country music goin on  laugh 
 sad     cant sleep    again 
music isnt helping  annoyed 
tonight i wanna cry 
i wanna god of war this motherfucker   
its my hunger timeee    must  find  foooood 
is procrastinating 
"i caught a caterpillar and left it on a leaf on top of my accounting notes, i go get some food and come back to find that it pooped on my notes    hmmm its time to feed my fish"
me is cold  annoyed 
cant sleeeeep!
"i got challenged   \\like\"" my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give    you a weird nickname  8        what's on my shirt right now  9  challenge you to post this """
time to start my accounting hw   shiiiiiiiit  troubled 
i should probably start studying for my econ midterm    surprise 
"should i do my homework right now?    nah fk it, i think ill watch tv   wink "
i miss my girl  sad *
"chivalry is dead, and women killed it "
was doing 80 on the freeway today when a smart car smoked me   nice    
somewhere with you  love 
<propfemale> aguirre was here!  laugh 
i am way to easy!!!!!!
awesome day kickin it w  my girl and the gang 
"happy eight babe, i love you  love "
"ok, next mortocyclist brave enough to squeeze by two cars on a small street on a green light in an intersection will get run over by yours truely  beware "
meteor shower tonight    i wanna see      surprise 
"gonna get me some coffeee, its gonna be a long night "
i smell    turkey  wink 
it is    fkin cold!  troubled 
i am   very fkin pissed off at some people    
happy birthday <propfemale>!  laugh  love 
accounting and math final has officially kicked my ass 
one more final to go   and one more all nighter 
the rain is fat 
i thought i saw some sunlight earlier     surprise 
black swan was   pretty wack
"amazing birthday!  laugh d <propfemale> a  aguirre, you awesome  smile  love "
"if you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in love "
10 months and counting  smile 
long beach aquarium with <propfemale> a  aguirre  was  smile  love  in other words freakkiin awesome!
greenbay baby!!!!
