8a57491637dc1e5a04952794ae8a28cf
i feel <propmale> by selling my punch pens!!!!!
i am watching biggest loser!!!!!! love that show!!
we are getting ready to leave for az!!!!!!!!
ha ha <propfirst>!!!
i hate this cold that i have i cant enjoy summer right now!!!  sad 
yesssssssss! rain!!!
last night was so much fun thankyou p  <propfirst>!!
still sick!!!!    sad 
going swimming
im so happy i got my highlighter to work!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"i just colored a tic tac with my new highlighter!!!!!!\ha ha"
watching first knight
feeling better but not total good yet  sad 
<propfirst> starts work on tue !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! first real job!
i so hope that they make a 8 season of ncis!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
daddy leaves <propmale>  4 five days!!!!    sad 
just got back from teen camp! had fun!
im getting glasses!!!!  annoyed 
my new glasses!
do you know what's weird?       i don't post much! i need to    …          random!!! lolz! ( playful 
'bout to make cookies!!!!!
happy thanksgiving to everyone
wow    i love my ipod!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhh! i loveeeeeeeee! snowwwwwwwwwwww!
in las veges heading to phoenix where its warm!!!!!
thank to all i feel so loved
"just got back from winter camp! so tired, but soooo worth it!!!"
youth group was amazing tonight  smile 
watching a movie with family!!!  smile 
some night  annoyed 
just finished watching the movie i'm number four  good movie besides the language!  smile 
"great, it's raining  annoyed "
school  annoyed  don't want to get up at 5!!!!!   sad 
bible study tonight  smile 
make sure to set your clocks ahead an hour tonight  smile 
watching mythbusters and drinking a smoothie    two of my favorite things  smile 
thank you jesus for the beautiful day outside!!!!!
had an amazing time all night with youth group! now im in bed trying to get some sleep  annoyed 
why can't dreams come true???
just four more days    i think i can make it!
"never alone\-barlow girl \             amazing song!!  smile "
in tennessee  smile  5more hours
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by pandas  pandas are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by pandas  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost "
"rain, rain go away come again another day!"
sooooo bored!  laugh 
"time passes \life happens \distance separates \children grow up \colleagues forget favors \but   \friends are there  when you have to walk that lonesome valley, and you have to walk it by yourself, your friends will be on the valley's rim, cheering you on, praying for you, and waiting with open arms at the valley's end  sometimes they will even break the rules and walk beside you-or come in and <propfemale> you out "
playing hand and foot with my mommy  love 
sooo bored    i cant wait 'tell church  smile 
tonight was awesome i wish i could have lasted sooooo much longer  sad    (even though we did stay one hour past when we were supposed to leave  smile )
"ugh, back to school  sad "
bible study tonight  smile 
drawling on my white board with my new e playful o markers  smile 
babysitting tonight  smile 
watching american idol while making a bracelet  smile 
finished making my bracelet  smile 
wow! american idol shocker!  indecision 
why does it have to be storming out?
it's sooo beautiful out tonight!
i wish every day could be this beautiful out  smile 
homework  annoyed 
it didn't rain this morning  smile 
i get to see two of my favorite people tonight  smile 
yay!! no rain this morning  smile 
to club llama!!! lol thanks <propfirst> for the name smile 
storm  annoyed 
this was probably the weirdest day at school today because first we had a fire drill and then a little latter there was a fire in one of the light so we had to go outside and stand in the cold for 45 minuets until the fire people left and then we got to go back inside  annoyed 
has anyone ever heard of cellofourte skillet    pretty awesome!!!!  smile 
happy easter!!!!!
goodnight to all after a fun and amazing day  laugh 
"raining, again, what's new  annoyed "
tying to learn how to play breathe into me on my flute    wish me luck  smile 
bible study is over     sad 
"this may sound really weird but i am about to kill my window because it is \haloing\"" (i'm not sure if i spelled that right  annoyed )"""
"ok   i used to not like <propfirst> on american idol but wow,i have to admit he gave an amazing performance tonight!!!!"
no rain today  smile 
so when we got to school today the power was out so we had to go sit in the lunch room for and hour and a half  smile 
<propfirst>     sad 
watching the wedding  love  but won't get to see the kiss because of school  sad 
i love tobymac!!!!
why cant tulips last longer????
soooo bored!!!
why does it always have to be wet outside when i get up???  sad 
watching american idol  smile 
kings island today
"long day at kings island but boy, what a fun day as well!  smile "
wow! american idol shocker! (for me at least) i thought for sure that <propmale> and <propfirst> would make it to the top 3  sad 
playing my flute  love 
long night! sooooo tired!!!!
one more day left!!!!!!!!!
storm     annoyed 
im watching lord of the rings!!!!!  smile 
who knew that staying up with 11 girls 'til 4am could be sooooo much fun!!!!  smile 
sunburnt  annoyed 
wow  tomorrow i will be in elkhart  smile 
heading home tomorrow  smile  but yet i'm also sad  sad 
leaving!!!!!
what's up with all these storms???????  annoyed 
hillsong concert= amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  (i wish we didnt have to leave  sad  )
just got back from camping  smile 
"why do some good movies have to end sad?????? :,("
church  laugh 
watching ever after with the family  laugh 
how is summer almost half way over already?  sad 
camping  laugh 
church  laugh 
nyan nyan nyan nyan!  playful  hacked back by <propfirst> thompson 
i cant believe it! tomorrow we leave  laugh 
missions trip  tlc= life changing e playful erience!!!!  laugh 
"so, besides the awesome week that we just had, when i got back i found out that my camera charger cord isnt working  annoyed  and to make that even worst my lapyops screen is going haywire on me!!!!!! d:"
going to maine today to see niagara falls!!!!!!!!  smile 
is in canada!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"after an 8 and 1 2 hour dive, we'er finally home  smile "
going to the school to get my schedule  smile 
"8-1\science- thompson\language- roach\pride- mann\math- mann\social studies- butcher"
hail!
school  annoyed  then the fair  smile 
just got back from an amazing mercyme and third day concert!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"there is hope for the helpless\rest for the weary\love for the broken heart\there is grace and forgiveness\mercy and healing\he'll meet you wherever you are\cry out to jesus, cry out to jesus   \                                                                  -third day cry out to jesus  smile "
please everyone pray for the people at the state fair
boy do i love tangled  smile 
"days will come when you don't have the strength\and all you hear is you're not worth anything \wondering if you ever could be loved\and if they truly saw your heart \they'd see so much\\you're beautiful, you're beautiful\you are made for so much more than all of this\you're beautiful, you're beautiful\you are treasured, you are sacred, you are his\you're beautiful"
the will of god will never take you where the grace of god will never protect you  laugh 
"god's love\\if you took the love of all the best mothers and fathers who ever lived (think about that for a moment)--all the goodness, kindness, <propfemale>, wisdom, tenderness, strength and love--and united all those virtues in one person, that person would only be a faint shadow of the love and mercy in the heart of god for you and me "
poptarts- lard in a box!!!!!!!  playful 
"going to see my cousins new little baby, <propmale>  love   smile "
"i was cleaning out my cake stuff today and, come to find out, that my red dye had e playful loded  so now my hands are all pink  playful "
"god above all the world in motion,\god above all my hopes and fears,\well i don't care what the world throws at me now,\it's gonna be alright!\\hear the sounds of the generatorions,\making loud our freedom song,\all in all that the world will know your name,\we're gonna be alright!\\cause i know my god saved the day,\and i know his word never fails,\and i know my god made a way for me,\salvation is here "
church  love   laugh 
babysitting with my friend later  laugh 
no school on monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
picnic canceled  sad 
no school tomorrow  laugh 
homework finally done!!!  laugh 
just made homemade ice cream  laugh  pretty good  joyful 
tonight was sooo much fun  joyful 
bible study tonight  laugh 
hahahhahahahahahaha
