5c1f11780408e6ff37793d4d4ffb60c2
is hello seattle tomorrow 
is in seattle 
is about to counsel the first session of 2 week camp! please pray for all of us  we also do campouts with our kids this time 
will be home in one week! for 5-6 days     
knows that our god will work through this for his kingdom 
is up early  busy day today before i leave for college tomorrow!
will be on the road very shortly    
is in missoula and about to be on the road again!
is in south <propfemale> and about to be on the road again!
"is staying at the grandparents in springfield, il, and will be at wheaton tomorrow!"
is now at wheaton  and has succesfully connected to the internet much faster than i did last year!!!
is working un-storage  you have 40 more mins to come get your boxes if they are still here 
good first day of classes 
"is enjoying spending time with my nephew, sis, and brother-in-law! yay for awesome family and labor day weekend!"
has suddenly had the full blown realization that my classes this year are much harder than my classes last year       
clc retreat was awesome!!
is going to bed and ready to face my first organic chemistry exam tomorrow 
"wishes that i would realize more often that god is god, and i am not "
's im v-ball team is 2-1 
is up way later than i should be     oh biology      
is bleh 
had a good night  talked to an slser for a hour and saw district 9 
is yay another biology assignment down 
is happy 
basically has finals the next 2 weeks 
is it's amazing how much you realize you need god when you're taking organic chemistry 
is making progress  and god is good 
is going to be smashing away at homework tests the next week 
is orgo test tomorrow!!!!!
<propmale> 12:22-34
loves it when people borrow your stuff and then return it without telling you that they broke it   
is psych and bio proposal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! crazie! but fall break is coming!
is soooooooooooooooooo close with being done with my psych proposal                
"is psych proposal - check, psych exam - check, bio proposal - almost check, bio presentation - no check"
"is psych proposal - check, psych exam - check, bio proposal - check, bio presentation - no check"
is thanks for the awesome raid 1w!
"is a 7 smile 0 am biology presentation away from being done with the craziest, most insane homework week of my life! woot!"
is doneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee yahoooooooooo!!!!! survived the hardest week of school ever!
there is nothing better than the grace of god 
"just picked up my neurobiology textbook for b quad  not gonna lie, i'm excited for this course "
time to destroy b quad 
god is awesome  and bigger than we could ever imagine 
"is another intense week of homework  oh, sophomore year as a bio <propmale>      "
"is burrowed in the library, trying to get this literature review to work      (slowly but surely)"
"finished my literature review, raid was awesome, minimal homework for tomorrow     life is good!"
"it's all about you, jesus "
"your will god, not mine "
"my 2 o'clock got cancelled so it's the weekend! things on the list: honeyrock round-up, laser tag, & studying for an organic chemistry test "
homework forecast for the week: a 100% <propmale> of an organic chemistry storm on wednesday and 75% <propmale> of neurobiology for the rest 
"final lit review, psychology e playful eriment, neuro exam, bio research paper, and then it's thx's giving break and hello seattle!"
is friday!!
"is done with our biology and psychology e playful eriments  working on the results write-ups  also, got floated for the 2nd time in 2 days "
is so pumped for thanksgiving break!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's almost here 
is thanksgiving break!!!!! having a good orgo lab and getting out early was a great way to kick it off 
is home 
is back at wheaton 
and it all starts again 
our god reigns 
"is sitting in lower beamer writing a status update  things on the list today: orgo lab report 9, clc dinner and meeting, im volleyball game, study organic chemistry "
is celebrating our amazing im volleyball team that went 7-1 this season  play-offs here we come!
is studying organic chemistry in the stupe  makes for an exciting saturday night 
another date with the stupe and organic chemistry 
time for an intense week  here we go!
"is chem lab final done; left for the week: chem test, psych test, bio presentation, bio paper, clc event "
"is glad that orgo exam is done!!! up next: bio presentation, psych test, bio paper "
loves friends and life and that it is almost christmas break 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooo close!!!!!! god bless on finals everyone!!! we're almost there 
"is waiting to give our e playful erimental psychology presentation while one of my partners is blasting \apologize\"" by timbaland on the classroom speakers  gotta love finals week """
orgo and neurobiology then it's home (or should i say florida) free!
is i have cake if you want some (not even kidding)  i'm in my floor's cell phone chapel doing homework 
is about ready to go take my organic chemistry final! last final!
done 
"is so glad god created places that are warm during the winter  oh, and i'm in florida "
"is oranges, reading, sun, sleeping, and maybe working out---making for a good break  although, i already miss my wheaties "
"\worked out\"" for the first time in ages today    my hamstrings didn't like the lunges """
is my nephew fell asleep in my arms 
"5east, excited to be reunited with all of you in a week!"
i love the smell and sound of seattle rain 
is reading a million <propmale> in a thousand years 
i love badugi 
is 7e5  balcony!
is bc homecoming tomorrow and then heading back to wheaton on sat!
is getting up at 5 smile 0 to fly back to wheaton!!!!
chillin @ sea-tac    about to board 
at wheaton  let's see what's new?? hmmm saga has these cool new signs  not even kidding 
is ready for another semester! sort of  i'm at least pumped!
"so i'm not allowed this semester to post updates about homework because my family has banned me from it  hopefully this one doesn't count  thus, i won't tell you how my new classes are going or anything else like that  i'm sure you are all highly disappointed "
it's a three day weekend  yay!
likes playing volleyball on sunday afternoons with awesome people 
likes root beer made from 100% cane sugar rather than high fructose corn syrup 
feels kinda sick  early bedtime 
staying in shape + training for a marathon goal of the week: run every day 
taing in the morning 
think i'm going to do the london breakaway trip    anyone else doing it and or interested?? they still had 7 spots left when i asked at 3 smile 0 today 
is my definitely not warranted at all procrastination is the result of me being up this late 
officially going to london for breakaway during spring break 
"what we truly need, what will heal our pain and bring us through trials, what will remove all hatred and bitterness is the love of jesus christ our lord and savior  truth "
is meh 
is happy 
"is gonna be tired taing in the morning, but that was perhaps one of the best wheatonish debates i've had "
is officially the ra for 5e next year 
"\you can't fully love someone [including yourself] until you stop e playful ecting him or her to be perfect \"""""
my id card broke 
"when you put first things first [aka god], second things are increased, not decreased  - c s  <propfirst>"
la spiaza
is blessed by so many people 
is officially registered for the 2010 chicago marathon 
definitely woke up and felt the minor earthquake last night; funny how i e playful erience them here but never in seattle      
a little bit of early morning chicken training starts the day off well 
god loves us more than we could ever imagine or comprehend 
running  also steamed milk with peppermint is good 
at honeyrock for a work play weekend 
"innertubing, racquetball, wallyball, broomball, bonfire on a frozen lake      honeyrock was awesome "
"god cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from himself, because it is not there  there is no such thing  -c s  <propfirst>"
"at the end of the day, we find the most assurance not in our conversations, not in how how hard we've worked, and not in what tomorrow brings but only in how much god deeply loves and values us and that his grace is much, much bigger and powerful than anything else "
is packing for london!!!!!! probably going to be a late night tonight     
off to london 
"is in london  wow, their transportation system is quite impressive  so far things are great "
"yesterday: church, coffee shop, the british museum, big <propmale>, westminster <propfemale>, and hanged out with a church youth group  awesome day "
loved the east end of london 
is back  time for the last quad of sophomore year 
today is a beautiful day to enjoy god's creation 
it's time for a cliche facebook fast 
god is so good!!!
has very short hair 
sophomore year is done in 17 days 
got 10% off my caribou coffee for answering a trivia question correctly  this is going to be a good week 
(1 3) papers due tomorrow done       
(2 3) papers due tomorrow done       time for a sleep break 
so close  one more <propfemale> 
finished all 3 of my papers on time! glad that's over with!
"with learning (behavioral psych) being cancelled for the rest of the week, i only have 6 more classes left!"
don't know how i feel about the 5e fischer bride writing on my wall 
last morning of taing tomorrow     i'm gonna miss my lab 
it's been real 242 lab 
feels humbled and blessed 
is last final at 1 smile 0 
about to take my last final!
"is now a <propmale>  two years went by fast; totally stoked for next year, though!"
see ya later 5e and wheaton  it's been a good year  be back in less than 3 months 
chillin in iowa  be back in seattle on wed 
loves the smell of seattle clean air  it's good to be back 
so apparently mosquitos are attracted most to males with type o blood  looks like i'm gourmet dinner 
"went to the seattle sounders game today  it was awesome, even bought a jersey "
is visiting bear creek tomorrow + going camping this weekend on the olympic peninsula 
"camping was awesome, and the olympic peninsula is so cool  i want to go back "
happy june everyone!
"so in racquetball if a player hits the ball off the front wall and then the ball proceeds to bounce off the back wall followed by bouncing off the front wall again (without the ball ever touching the ground), is it legal for the opposing player to still hit it off the front wall? or what the heck happens? this almost happened playing racquetball today, which    was awesome  wheaton seriously needs to get some courts "
"made eggs with salsa, cheese, and green peppers this morning for breakfast  delicious "
i get pumped when i see 0 01 in interest payment on the deposit column of my savings account 
peanut butter s'mores never get old 
"so for my birthday, if you want to get me a present, then please consider donating money to my marathon fundraiser for world vision to help those in need  go to http annoyed  twv convio net site tr?px=1059141&fr_id=1180&pg=personal   only need 197 more people to donate 5 dollars to reach our goal of 1,000!"
"is in baltimore, visiting the sis and nephew "
flying back to the 425 today  (i love being cliche and referring to my hometown as my area code)
back in the 4 - 2 - 5 for about 1 5 months 
"too many of us want god to be the world-class scholar who will write our papers and live our lives for us, when god wants us to sit at his feet and read his word so that we can live a life in the image of his son  if god figured everything out for us, we wouldn't need to focus on him and learn to delight in his <propfemale>  god says, 'i'm not giving you a <propfemale> ball  i'm giving you my word '\ - <propfirst> deyoung"""
"wheaton students: if you get an email asking for your wheaton username and password to verify your account, do not reply  obviously a scam "
"likes water, metal water bottles, good books, foam rollers, running with an ipod arm strap, sleep, and future camping prospects "
"is sick  oh, well "
"oh, yeah --- today is the longest evening of the year  what should i do to celebrate?"
"oh, yeah -- today is the longest day with daylight of the year  what should i do to celebrate?"
feels better 
likes it when thwarted camping trips due to a bacterium or a virus are reinstated 
"loves running in the pacific northwest when the sun is setting, it's 70 degrees, the mountains are in the horizons, bikers smile as they ride past you, and the shade from the towering evergreens around you keeps you cool "
<propfemale> chicken + brown rice + salad + a high school friend = awesome night 
what an awesome day with awesome friends!!!!!!!!
"back from an amazing camping trip that included awesome friends and an intense, beautiful hike "
"midnight 5k to kick in the 4th of july? yes, please "
firecracker 5k tonight!!!!!
"got a crash course on llamas on a llama farm today, saw a bazillion washed up brown algae pieces, and ate lavender ice cream "
you know you aren't in seattle anymore when you see a smoking lounge in the airport  i didn't even know those still exist 
is kicking it with the cuz in colorado springs 
went running today in the pouring rain at the garden of the gods and then topped it off with chick-fil-a  awesome 
climbed the mantiou incline today while it rained (again) and loved it 
back from colorado springs  what a good trip!
done with vbs day one!
workin on making 5e look cool 
wait    i seriously only have 15 days left in seattle? since when did that happen?
i have never laughed so hard in a game of tennis before 
time is running out 
"is happy that public safety sent me an email saying that they accidently deleted my id picture, and i have to send a new one "
crud    i have a ton of stuff to do before i leave in 5 days            
finished all the door tags!!!!!
agenda for wednesday: packing  agenda for thursday: leave for the midwest! (altho there are a lot of things i will miss in seattle)
see ya later seattle! don't really know when i'll be back again 
at a starbucks in iowa 
(5) days 
5e will have its first '10-'11 resident in less than 30 hours 
what's up 5e!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait for all the rooms to be filled      
back from honeyrock  freshman orientation begins in 5 days!
feels so blessed by the awesome people around him 
thinks 5e and the guys on the floor are awesome!!!!!
fischer fire alarm count: 2
"intriguing thought: so if someone's brain chemistry becomes abnormal as a consequence of their habitual thoughts --- then cannot we reverse the abnormality with medication, even though it was their bad thinking that caused the problem in the first place? oh, how i'm going to love cognitive psychology "
"god, help us to remember how much you love us "
could 5e get any cooler??????
naperville trails half-marathon in 6 days!!! wooooo!!!!
got a blister today in ecology class and removed it  thought you wanted to know that 
ran an official half-marathon this morning in one hour and 52 minutes 
is in tonight  visit me? bring me cookies? yahtzee?
i like having a wallet that smells like pine trees 
"i've had congestion   a cough for about three weeks now, and i thought it was getting better but today it suddenly got worse     prayer would be appreciated "
"raid = success  awesome job, 5e!!!! also, i felt a lot better today; thanks so much for the prayers!"
raid - check; ecology test - check; cognition test - friday
has bronchitis  and the doctor said no chicago marathon        sad  
feels 5x better  marathon is definitely still a possibility  got a haircut  easy homework week  5e is awesome  life is good  thank you jesus!
is in!
is surrounded by incredible people 
"amazing raid, 1west!"
is running a marathon in less than 12 hours!!!!!!
finished the chicago marathon  definitely the most physical pain i've ever been in 
"thinks the ra staff is incredible  also ecology test tomorrow, genogram project due friday and a 4 hr plane ride to seattle!!!! can't wait to see my family!"
@ home  and it's beautiful 
about to board a plane back to chicago 
"i love getting out of lab a hour early, and then having an omelette with the ecology breakfast club and then sleeping for 3 more hours "
"voted  actually, i voted like 2 weeks ago "
e playful erienced for the first time the scramble and panic you feel when one of the classes you felt guaranteed to get filled up and then you had no idea what to do       (dang it psychology of human sexuality!)
"i really like writing scientific papers at 2 am about invertebrate diversity and land-use effects  also, i'm an excellent procrastinator "
christ is ultimately all that i have 
"psych of the family test tomorrow!!!! then during thanksgiving break, i get to work on my cognition integration paper, write an analysis of my family of origins, and write up the factors that contribute to eutrophication  so much for a break  but i still have a lot to be thankful for "
"even though it doesn't feel like it now, i have to keep the perspective that keeping focus on my work in college now will hopefully some day allow me to benefit others and society  or as wheaton college says, \for christ and his kingdom \"""""
so       everyone has a gazillion amount of homework 
cognition integration paper: check; ecology project: check; psych of the family paper: in process!
"12 pages later, i'm finally done analyzing my family "
i'm having way too much fun as a ra in an underclassman dorm  ---- did i seriously just play 3 5 hours of a 50 turn <propfirst> party game??????
shout out to my 5easters <propfirst> marble and <propmale> heidelberger for being selected as ras!!!!
"and the hot tamales are in the im volleyball semi-finals  nice work, team!"
"excel error bars, i have conquered you "
"done done done done! well, except for three finals "
"i don't know why, but finals week has always been one of my favorite weeks of school "
5e just won 10 <propmale>'s pizzas thanks to those who represented the floor @ the bball game and to <propmale> <propfirst> de krol for winning the knockout tie-breaker 
i have never been happier in my life to have bought chapstick 
done! (for real)
"thanks sis for using my toothbrush, even after i warned you 100,000 times not to "
now has a niece  smile  
"loved playing today with my nephew, seeing my niece, and hanging out with the fam  <propfemale> christmas, everyone, and god bless  today a savior is born "
is it sad that the christmas present i can't wait to use first is my gre study guide book?
night night
so seattle is the first team to ever make the play-offs with a losing record  am i still proud? yes 
1g10   what the heck? what characteristics do i have that would put me in the front?
@ the airpot  will be in wheaton in less than 5 hours
"5e, it's good to be back "
seahawks are up 31-20!!!!
yeah seahawks!!!!
today i am going to make guacamole 
here we gooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!! round two!
such an awesome day  human physiology and microecon are going to be great classes  chapel seat is great  and hanging out with 5easters just gives me so much joy 
today is a do laundry and sort of do homework sort of day  in aga
"god is so good  he makes us a new creation every day  he has us in the palm of his hands; it may not feel like it now, but he does  just had an amazing, life-giving conversation with a friend that made that so evident "
"well, there goes my plans; now we'll see what god has in store "
today it is 12 degrees instead of 0  things are lookig up 
today will be a good day  i don't have to stress out about a football game because the seahawks are out  it's 19 degrees outside  and the 5e feast is tonight!
today is a what the heck i need to study a ton kind of day 
what the heck is going on with my homework load? what the heck   what the heck      say it with me    
what the heck i got sick!
i need to find a psych internship or research position this summer     
i used to hate olives  now i like them  kind of like some of my friends 
hmmmm chicago marathon sign-ups are open     
yeah my classes are cancelled tomorrow!!! and that means no microecon test   at least for now    
"why am i up until 3 am? oh, yeah, cuz i'm the super <propfemale> in <propfirst> party!!!!!!"
time to get some theta and <propfemale> waves 
air jam tonight! 7 and 10 pm @ coray! watch the fischer ras become stars!
"great raid, 5e  now for that physiology exam in 7 hours    "
today in microecon class i ran tennis balls back and forth between 2 recycling bins  nice 
"in a providential turn of events, <propfemale> house '11-'12!"
such an awesomely crazy day 
hungry 
so  much  work  still  love  life  no  longer  hungry 
back from san <propfirst>  trip was incredible! loved the city and our group 
phone interview tomorrow for the perfect summer internship  hope it goes well 
please consider voting for <propfirst> & <propfirst> tomorrow (wednesday)  please ask me why if you don't know why  i feel very very passionate about this 
please consider voting for <propfirst> & <propfirst> today through the ballot sent to your wheaton email  please ask me why if you don't know why  i feel very very passionate about this 
"run-off election: please consider voting <propfirst> daum and <propfirst> adams in the run-off election tomorrow (friday)!!! they have concrete, realistic goals and have been sticking to  these the whole campaign  they would empower their board to get things done "
"ballots are out again in wheaton email  please consider voting for <propfirst> daum & <propfirst> adams --- fresh, concrete ideas that will happen  this is very important to vote "
last <propmale> and last time i'll be posting to vote for <propfirst> & <propfirst> 
this will be interesting       
chik-fil-a sounds good tonight  yes 
