00035a29fa913610d9dfd1c6d6a15fd6
"thats the crazy thing about life, no one gets out alive"
hmmm    is it bad that i only come on facebook to play happy aquarium?
just saw <propfemale> white on the daily show it was epic!
"\did i say rapture? i meant raptor \""-jesus"""
hmmmm don't like the world cup   : let's add firery e playful losions and half naked women to make it more interesting  laugh 
whats the fast way to a woman's heart? a four inch incision 
is becoming a fat ass hahaha anyone want to come work out with me?
does everything really need chile?
"hahaha i'm wasting my life away playing fall out 3, my new goal in life is to kill all the super mutiants hahaha i don't have  a life"
someone needs to help me kick fall out 3's ass hahaha
"i've decided, i want to live until i die"
"any time i see a cowboy and a nurse in the same room a voice in the back of my head screams, \bad porno!\"""""
"when they say i never meant to hurt anyone they really mean, please don't punch me in the face"
wish it would rain 
anyone want to come hiking with me next week?
"can't wait to go back to school, i need mental stimulation but as soon as i go i'll want to leave"
i want the ablity to make it rain!( weather)
i need a visit from the coffee <propfemale>
"be paitient young one, all in good time"
"look back on everything i've ever said to you, did any of it ever make sence?"
pick one- death or going to <propmale>
guess what my dog a new favorite toy is- my dad's hatchet
your face altered my dna
it's you and me against the world; we attack at <propfemale>
"what dosent kill you, useually suceeds in the second attempt"
when you're a sexy vampire you can get away with doing creepy things that normal people wouldnt get away with(watching people sleep)
why dont the polar bears just tag team the walruses? there isj plenty of them too go around
shoot first ask questions later? how about never?
dude im tripping balls right now    someone just threw them all over the ground   
"squidward dosent hate spongebob and <propfirst> because there is a posibility they might be gay, its because they get more action then he does"
do you know what would make hamlet more interesting? if hamlet was replaced by  a shirtless <propfirst> lautner
dosent shakeing it like you aint a hoe= no shaking?
"totally pyched about the rain  its great if it weren't for the lighting i would stand  dance in it  it has been long over do smile , not pyched about driving in it annoyed "
texting while swinging= potential motion sickness(mabey just for me)
if a california girl melted my popsicle id be pissed
eat the meteor shower   shit the apocalypse 
keep your enimes so close that you marry them 
"summer's almost over, but i'm feeling oddly optimistic about senior year laugh  bet it's going to be a good one"
some day i will have an action figure designed after me with 10 actin phrases that many teenage girls will stupidly call a doll
"what is a great about kids? they're sticky,whiny, e playful ensive, and when they are broken you have to get them fixed "
"\coffee and ciggaretes are best when shared with you\"""""
"if you're too drunk to load a gun, it's time to put it down"
i stole the <propfemale> and put it in my car!
yeah     looking like an idioit   good times
"officer, i swear to drunk i'm not god!"
hmmm    my backyard smells like skunk   smells like we have a guest
way too much chemistry homework!
spent pretty much the whole day playing call of duty hahaha feel like a loser  laugh 
be a beast!
how can something so small be so loud and annoying?
does anyone have epic cat catching ninja skills?
when i become the voice of reason you know something is wrong with the world hahaha
wanna keep doctors away? throw apples at them
if we're being chased by zombies; i'm tripping you 
"\your plans are as useful as a baby's hands\"""""
be a beast!
"it wasn't the greatest comeback, but it was mildly effective"
this semester is going to fast and too slow all at the same time! d=
"want to catch one of the ducks at young park,would anyone like to join me?"
i have a good feeling about this smile 
"\i don't want to be your down time; i don't want to be your stupid game\"""""
chemistry is going to be the death of me 
go into the light   and turn it off 
if you're not going to try and i'm tired of tring then it realy dosent matter anymore
"if you are being chased by a bear; you don't need to be faster than the bear,you need to be faster that your friend "
"\i would drive on to the end with you\"""""
does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
i have a good feeling about this!
"deny everything, but regret nothing"
why does it matter which atom has the highest electron affinity?
homework is done   i hope   screw it time for south park!
summer was great; had the option of staying up all night just to watch the sun come up in the morning   school ruined this for me   
rumors spread faster than head lice at a day care
i'm tired of people sending me emails about canadian health care
"60% of the time, it works everytime"
cupid's arrows have been hitting everyone!
want the truth? like this!
does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
your mission if you choose to accept it     
life has no meaning; you have to make your own meaning 
<propmale> potter and hermione granger   why are you naked?   stop this nonsense right now!
when am i ever going to use this?!!
the full <propfemale> brings out all the strange ones   mabey i should join them@
"the best \your face\"" jokes are the ones that dont make any sense """
just set it on fire 
happy thanksgiving!
"\you're a towel!\"""""
"\one button supplies power to your whole town; the other releases the hounds\"""""
had theatre songs stuck in my head all day!
sometimes life just needs a sprinkle of vulgarity
"if you ever find yourself being stupid(i do it all the time) just shake it off, don't it again, its not the end of the world "
after this semester i'm going to have to burn all of my chemistry assignments and tests 
"\ o' what tangled webs we weave when we practice to decive\"""""
"\my words e playful lode like handgrenades\"""""
stupid anorexic ducks!
im running out of time!!!!!!
almost over!
a baby sea walks into a club
"i don't really care about being politically correct so, <propfemale> christmas!"
snow!  laugh 
way too much snow!
why are cd cases so hard to open? it must be a conspiracy to keep people from the musical goodness inside 
new years resolution-not being a lazy procrastinating bum hahaha
<propmale> <propmale> dosen't need air  air needs him 
making everything more complicated than it has to be   
great to be home
finaly learned how to change a tire!
insert clever comment here
old habits die hard   or not at all   
"\i fell in love with being defiant \""-catching a tiger"""
dont want to go to work? call in murdered
one bad apple ruins the bunch
"dont move, its vision is based on movement!"
"nothing will ever be the same again, but i'm ok with that "
snow go away
that sounds like an ability someone would get after bitten by a radioactive prostitute 
"damn snow! go away, need to go to class"
coffee its not a relationship; its a caffeinated beverage
the only laws worth breaking are the laws of physics
no me gusta
there is a ninja right behind you   right now    dont move    
dive in head first 
i hate trying to strangle a conversation out of someone
"\you were strongest when i ached for breath\"""""
"\have i stolen the hearts of a few lucky ladies? guilty  unfortunately i was not able to give them back before they bled to death!\"""""
"<propfirst> the barber shaved his father\wi' a roosty razzor;\the razzor broke an' cut his throat,\hurray for <propfirst> the barber!"
there is nothing like an adrenaline rush to make you appreciate life more
where would i be without you    spell check
finally good music played at corbett!
winning!
cheesecake before working out? i think yes!
*face-palm*
condoms from strangers?
what is this witchcraft?
what is with all these crappy tween singers making music videos?
"\i have never felt such a strange combination of pity and indigestion \"""""
"\i bet your natural charm has made you a good sprinter\"""""
"anthropology midterm finally over, hope i kicked ass!"
