cfa72c8a3e5bfedaa645852f8826dc52
"was violated-- violated at work today  so i was napping and minding my own business in the break room when some random guy walked in, looked at me, took my blackberry off the coffee table, went downstairs and stole someone else's blackberry off the desk! now i'm phoneless for 2 days    two days!! the freakin' nerve of this guy!!"
had too many chips margaritas  
is drinking coffee
ate an amazing cheesesteak in the mission at 3am 
is tripping the light fantastic 
"is recovering from a weekend (week, actually) of junkfood and dancing  "
is excited about the alaskan stewardess resigning 
"says, everything really is bigger in texas!! <propfirst>'s 'dead' thursday night shuts down all the downtown streets  you can get f#*!ked up for $10  i'm moving here "
likes mood lighting 
is looking forward to obama's address to the joint session of congress    followed by the commentary of <propfirst> shields and <propfirst> <propmale>  and maybe acclaimed journalist <propmale> beck 
in the words of my mom's new bf   you know you're a san franciscan when good parking can bring tears to your eyes 
"'s blackberry is hassling him   i've had years of practice trying my <propfemale> with windows, so at this point it's whatever doesn't break me will only make me stronger; <propfirst> is not a <propmale> person "
"going three days without a phone has given me new respect for all those who went without in the early 90's, 80's and beyond  with that said, feel free to email-facebook-text-blackberrymsg-im-call me all you want, cause my baby is back!!"
"just checked myspace for the first time in a few months, and there were tumbleweeds rolling across the <propfemale>         i considered deleting it, but i figured i should keep it just in case the 2 people on it who have not yet made the transition to facebook decide to communicate via myspace's inferior email wall-posting services  that means you <propfemale> and godfrey "
"(from a while ago) customer: hey, you're funny--are you an aires? me: no, i'm an aquarius, and i don't believe in that shit  customer: that is such and aquarian thing to say  "
"would like to repo my time and money   repo men was f-ing long as s, and was f-ing grotesque just for the sake of being mother f-ing gross  on a lighter note, the company was wonderful, as usual "
is going to see <propfemale> lately in person in less than 24 hours!!!
i believe <propfemale> and i had a moment    and she looks so small in person! so does <propfemale> love 
is saving money and getting better with wal-quill and wal-tussin 
lifetime's love-themed chickflick marathon is brought to its viewers by crocs     enough said  ps i'm not watching it  or wearing crocs 
"is taking out the recycling, drinking from a reusable mug, utlizing fluorescent lighting, and not driving today  happy earth day!  now      to <propfemale> gully or to avatar, that is the question "
<propfemale>? really?
"i swear, of all the techology in my apartment my printer is the most fickle  why is it always just before something is due?? why?"
who knew that buttermilk is a byproduct of butter? i   did not  until now 
under the gg bridge enjoying an amstel light with the jer-jer   
@ starbucks drinking the koolaid  and you know what? this corporate nectar tastes pretty delicious  smile 
pizza: friend or foe?
is a little slow on the uptake   
is a friend to the people
what would sunday mothers day brunch be without a couple girls blacking out over bottomless mimosas and getting paid to clean up after them?
's taxes went down this year! thanks obama administration   hopefully next year i'll be able to keep my income below 250k again to receive the same benefit  smile 
"one final down, 3 to go  i am feeling the burn!"
just
just saw police buying donuts   
"grillburger    did i just use \bacon\"" as a verb? maybe """
got a goood grade!!
is on summer break for a month!
has got sunshine on cloudy day
"is team <propfemale>, all the way  sadly my support of her candidacy may be the kiss of death--in the past several american idol elections my support for glambert, jailbait and fauxhawk has ended unfavorably  am i the only person who watches this show though?"
thinks that watching the bowflex extended infomercial is almost as rewarding a quick jog on the treadmill 
"just spent the better part of an hour watching lady gaga videos with my dad  his comment on alejandro: \that looks     e playful ensive \"""""
is living the life! 75 degrees @ 10 in the city  i  love  california  smile 
oh snoop dogg with your sook-alike backup dancers  thank you once again for proving to us your continued relevance in pop culture 
the southbay smells like summertime tonight  smile 
there is a no smoking sign on the restroom at carrows  what is this an airline?
"has a crush on <propfemale> lynch  (dog trainer in best in show, cheer coach in glee)"
is watching independence day 
i don't know what you've done to me but i know this much is true: i want to do bad things with you    
is more of a romy than a <propfemale>   
"is preparing sea scallops, organic pasta and baby greens paired with an '07 bottle of monterey county wine for dinner tonight    why am i not married you ask? <propfirst> wahlberg already has a wife, and has yet to return my calls "
"just saw an hbo documentary about the little known world of women's bodybuilding  who knew those tan, leathery ladies work so hard for so little?"
"if i lived in mississippi, i wonder if my phone would still spellcheck auto correct the word y'all  or brothercousin "
wants a fake fireplace made by the amish 
"why, true blood?! why do you torture me like this week-to-week?!"
is drinking flavored instant coffee  traitor or pioneering trendsetter? hm   
it's another maker's monday   
i  love  san <propfirst>  smile 
just made rice-a-roni      get it?
i love having good health insurance 
tgi wednesday    what -- a work week it has been   smile 
"\education is the sleeping pill that makes dreams come true \"""""
just made some delicious waffle house style waffles   with 2 secret ingredients  hint: one of them is love  smile 
is in the one building in sf with air conditioning    and it's amazing!
i  love  southbay gas prices 
"word of the day: \kerfwaffle \"" a kerfwaffle is caused when an insanely tasty waffle causes a kerfuffle in the kitchen as people clamor to get their hands on one """
"<propfirst>- 1, lime- 0  bring it on sunday brunch!!"
ahhh! the bone grinding tax law lecture is over!!
"just locked myself out of my apartment in nothing but a bathrobe  i'm talking barefoot, no phone and just     the bathrobe  thanks, older and more responsible neighbor, for keeping a copy of my key  smile "
facebookin' it in class 
papa needs a taco  or 3 
"ok, so is it cool or a little nerdy to be the mayor of a place on foursquare?"
"today someone (a vegan ) asked me if i would be willing to kill an animal to eat it  bleed it out, gut it, etc    as unsavory as killing a pig sounds, bacon is not something i'm ready to live without "
"3 midterms down, 1 to go "
just had to drive behind critical mass 
"oh snap midterms are done! papa needs a beer, some (lowfat low sodium) chips and a great slasher movie to unwind in front of tonight   smile "
sf gigantes    so sad 
it's a gtl kind of a day      then off to serve coffee to with some of the best people in sf!
just ran into guy branum of <propfemale> lately while out with my good friend <propfirst> ladd   and he had an entourage (???) 
is having an affair with a married chilean miner    thank goodness he's alive!
"is walking, not running late for class  "
's professor is having us watch the giant's game in class   and now a red bull rep stopped by to give us free drinks  this is school? this is amazing!
"had several different physical reactions to jackass 3d the movie with my dad and sister  oh, family  ps my high-school spanish teacher was sitting in front of us so    yeah  he molds the minds of youth "
l owl bus + me forgetting hand sanitizer = i think i have a cold today  or a mild form of the plague 
just saw a very convincing lafayette from true blood out  smile 
is mildly irritated with all of this political outrage 
is about to make sweet love to a mcdonald's value meal 
la <propfemale> with <propfirst> in sj     la vic why you always treat me so good?
just sold my car to a friend   she or he is in good hands now (and is still gender confused) 
just got cast a walk on extra part in a movie about versace's serial killer 
"rereading the stand    and i still have a cold  and as a side note, a crow pooped on me yesterday at brunch "
thunderrr!
first night at toad hall barbacking and it was      amazing!
1st shift at badlands and only ran into one professor    and i got out before 3am  smile 
annnnd now it's time to do a little purge to make room for dessert 
"won't you be my neighbor? or roommate? that's right friends, facebookfriends, and (mom and dad?? why are we faceboook friends?), <propfirst> is on the prowl for a room or apartment in sf  send your information <-- this way!! thanks  smile "
"annnnd i've found my new apartment! soma get ready for <propfirst>, all thanks to my good friend <propfirst>  smile "
i love my new neighbors   
meet me at the ice cream truck 
visit me at toad hall tonight following glee!
f the owl bus      i take a shower before i leave for work only to want another thorough delousing before i get there 
"does the jewish community center close for christmas, and if not do employees get holiday pay? these are the questions that periodically run through my mind    hmm  "
"is sticky icky from too too many empty <propfemale> glasses at badlandia  off now though, so call me amigos!"
who's afraid of <propfemale> woolf?
<propmale> the red nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose  then he got proactiv solution 
"saw a car getting looted at 5th and mission, called the cops and watched them get arrested (while waiting in a car a few spaces away, of course)       you're welcome vw beetle owner; pay it forward and <propfemale> christmas  smile "
"the question is, what kind of hair *doesn't* look amazing when you run a flat iron through it???"
workin' 9 to 5    is not my way to make a living   smile 
spending the night in good old san <propfirst> tonight    call text if you'd like have some good (somewhat clean) fun  smile 
"<propfirst>'s in sunnyvale is soooo la  scrappy palm trees, abandoned cars in the parking lot, and greasy drunk-food    it makes me miss socal a little bit "
hour #28 of working    3 shifts in one day and still awake enough to eat lunch with friends  thanks sugarfree redbull  smile 
"just got groped by one of the sisters of perpetual indulgence, and it made    my night   smile "
"when taxi drivers make you nervous, the mission 14 bus is not an option, and life  without a car gets you down          take a towncar!"
showed up to work this morning only to find out     i don't work today 
"this update coming to you from my new ipad  smile  happy early birthday <propfirst>, you deserve it <propmale>  thanks "
got out of badlands at 2:15         that is a new record  smile 
will be in san <propfirst> for the evening    who will be out tonight?
just had breakfast with some delicious tapatio     sf restaurants never have that delicious hot sauce!
"happy birthday, <propfirst>  corona? jameson? yes + yes  smile "
thanks guys for the birthday wishes   24 looks like it's gonna be a pretty cool year  smile 
2 people in the gym and the one set of weights i need is in use  so predictable 
"off allllllll day tomorrow, what to do?"
off allll day tomorrow  will you be my monday <propfirst>?
"nothing like a little wal-tussin, wal-flu and <propfemale> lately before bed  as an aside, i wonder if wal-tussin is used in the production of wal-meth, for those who don't mind generic amphetamines "
watching creepy old x-files episodes in bed  alone  i miss having my dog here  annoyed 
"thanks for the good times peets on market, now i look forward to sleeping in  smile "
"hey san <propfirst> friends, anyone up for winecoolers and hot tubbing tonight? text me  smile "
