9e1849c99f8a7a8c27a5b1f977129d0c
how people have so much more authority and influence than they realize  i don't need to be anybody else for god to use me   god just wants me just as i am 
"wow   being on facebook makes me feel mushy and sentemental    and not apparently not very good at spelling   oh well  i think i need some sleep  my dog is weird and petrified of the back yard and won't go until she really has to, like at three o' clock i"
i am totally clueless when it comes to using facebook  any suggestions or advice?? thanks! : )
"ah   not much, just really mellow and annoyed at my head for hurting and feeling dizzy  : ("
ah  feeling frustrated at doctors who don't listen to what i say and make me feel stupid 
is eating really yummy corn
blueberry muffin is now entering my tummy   so good
big comfy pillows that i can go back to sleep on   zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i am still not quite awake    smile 
wants to go camping!!
is listening to 50's rock oh yeah!
is dancing in her head    oh yeah!!
dressed up like a funky pirate gyspsy   do i dare do go to my doctors appointment like this   hmm   don't think so  i need to stop taking these quizzes  so addictive! whats up with you all?
my dog is really cute and cuddley
i am feeling restless   like i have lots of energy but am tired at the same time
<propmale> show here i come!!
is listening to delerious? i love it!!!!!!
wants to draw on the sidewalk at binns park
loves this cool weather!!
"thinks that heaven must smell like woodsmoke,pine and cold clear wind"
loves loony brittish comedys
is loving being at her granparents house! wish you all could be here
is full of catfish   aw man  now i am sounding like <propfirst>
is leaving ny  happy and sad all at the same time   i wish i could be in two places at once!
pop!! stop barking at the dog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"went to the dollar store today, looked at all the funny birthday cards and then laughed quietly to myself   example: the front says, your charming,charasmatic and     psst  pssst    the inside says   you\ve got the wrong birthday card!!!! random stuff is the best!!"""
is listening to <propfemale> edwards    her music is beathtaking!
finds that life is sometimes ironic  example: my room was cold so i lit a lot of candles to make it warmer  but then there was so much smoke in my room that i had to open the window   
is balancing her checkbook  oh what fun   
is mad cause the lady next door is screaming at her little kids again    she needs to stop
is amused cause she just changed her language settings to pirate english!! argg  
"ok so god is perfect love right? well here is a definion of perfect and of love put together  : to be the object of attachment, devotion, admiration and  unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another that is  entirely without fault or defect, to delight in completely and purely with no alterior motive   desiring only what is best for the good of another no matter the sacrifice"
likes listening to <propfemale> austins books on cd    smile 
is going camping! at last!  smile 
likes random jazz  
"i am,therefor i worship  that is why i am "
has to fast the computer since her wrist is giving her constant irritation   sad  i will miss you all on here for  a while   give me a call sometime peoples  haniging out is always fun!!
"is hopefull for the future,throwing away the past and is deterimend to do whatever she has to become more whole and complete  freeedom!!!"
wonders why people always seem to want what is bad for them   
"would love to be in the woods with god alone  is resolved to be whole and free and refuses to forget god is good or to stop praising him  when you have done all you know, stand  stand means to: maintain one's position :endure or undergo successfully :to tolerate without flinching :bear courageously :to remain firm in the face of: to submit to to perform the duty ofto participate in  to pay the cost of:to depend on"
is going to womans bible study  yay!! fun! fun!
has her <propmale> exhibit tonight at <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s creamery from 5 to 9 and you all be invited!!!
is tired but happy  this weather is really nice!!!  smile 
is going to sew today!!!
copy this onto your status and see how people rate you        1  amazing – 2  loveable – 3  adorable – 4  glorious – 5  sagacious – 6  brainy – 7  heroic – 8  courageous – 9  distinguished – 10  honorable – 11  excellent – 12  magnanimous – 13  marvelous – 14  awesome – 15  wonderful – 16  super-duper – 17  wonderful – 18  brilliant – 19  gifted – 20  impeccable – all other numbers: perfect 
"hey guys, please pray for my grammy  she was rushed to the hospital this morning because she had trouble breathing  they think it is some kind of chemical reaction, but they are not sure what it is  pray   thanks"
"hey guys  my grammy has a blood clot near her heart, and they are doing surgery today  thank you all so much "
thank you all for praying for my grammy  she is leaving the hospital tomorrow and i will be staying with her at her house to help her out  she did not need heart sugery after all and is improving imensely with her speech  sigh   god is good!
simplify -to make simple; to make less complex; to make clear by giving  the e playful lanation for; to show an easier or shorter process for  doing or making   sigh  that is what i need to do   simplify 
is having tons of fun in  ny!!!!!!  there is actually more snow in <propfemale> than where i am at in ny     such a reversal!!
is free and full of life    family is so good to be around   smile 
good morning world! *yawn*
loved falling asleep to the sound of the wind  beautiful 
"i wish i had the words to comfort  but my mouth goes dry  i wish i knew the perfect thing to do so that all would understand and be free  but i don't  all i can do is talk to the one i love and walk where he leads me and trust that he will give us all the grace to stand as his, unashamed, whole and free  my heart goes out to all of you who are hurting  may the broken hidden places of your heart be made whole "
is blaring hillbilly music in her room 
just call me chrysanthemum 
"just do it, just do it, just do it  get out of my way discouragement!  i am going to succeed!!"
just got an email from a cousin   man do i miss her!! family is great! haha   smile 
snow!!!  i am staying inside today  
happy early easter world!!
sometimes i feel as if i might e playful lode  this life is too small to contain this joy 
"is excited to be weeding  there is nothing like being outstide, getting dirt in my hands and bringing order to a wild world of plants "
i have a wet dog running around the house like a nut  dog bath days are so entertaining!
i painted at binns park yesterday  a lot of kids croweded around me and kept telling me how good i was at painting and how they could not pain like that  the cutest part was i hadn't really started painting much  i had only put a splash of yellow on the <propfemale>!!! sigh  life is good and god is even better   smile 
paint* not pain 
so  the computer lost all of my writings  and alot of them i do not have on paper    sad 
\the lord your god is in your midst," a victorious warrior \""he\"9e1849c99f8a7a8c27a5b1f977129d0c,"why is it that everything gets hard when you need to do something yet when you don't have to do it, it is easy?"
yesterday was a good day  there is nothing quite like being with friends and family and enjoying every goofy moment of it!
life is good 
jamming out with my grandpa to celtic music  oh yeah!!!
is going to get off the computer and attempt at sewing a hat 
going to binns park  hooray for simple fun things!
good bye hair!
"it is storming out like crazy and here i am all happy and saying to myself  \this is the best kind of weather  i should go outside \"" go figure """
why is it that every time i lose my phone i had it turned off??
\there are no great things," only small things with great love  happy are those \"" -mother teresa \"9e1849c99f8a7a8c27a5b1f977129d0c,well i just realized that i had put a bit of cantalope rind in my mouth  so delicious and   um  delightfull? i hope i never do that again  lol
well helloo there confidence! where have you been for most of my life? i am so glad that you have come to stay   laugh  thank you jesus!!!!  laugh 
gotta love yard sales  i got a typewriter for 50 cents!! oh yeah!!
so not only did i get a typewriter for 50 cents but my grammy had an unopend typewriter ribbon that just happened to be the perfect size for my typewriter!! oh yeah!!
"hi ho hi ho, it's off to paint i go!!!"
"help, there is a smile frozen on my face and it won't come off!!"
"morning glories are taking over the world!!! well, at least my backyard anyways  time to weed again   "
watermelon!
"oh heart of mine don't you forget the promises of \christ  things come and go, but the love of god remains "
"sleep, come back to me!!"
"i've tried to push you out, but still i am longing  no thing can fill this void like you  the more i am filled with you, christ, the more i long for you even more  you are the only thing that can satisfy, yet at the same time i can never have too much of you "
it's the kids cookie break  ooh ah ah!!  laugh 
oh my twisted world  where poking is a love language  thanks <propfirst> and <propfirst>!! lol
"dear god, help  amen "
wearing striped socks  eating an apple and reading pippi longstocking 
"whoever text-ed me today, i am sorry  i am now officially out of minutes   "
is going to learn how to make soft pretzles from scratch!! whoo hooo!!!!  laugh 
i love the library!
"wait, you say we have these things called ears?? huh? sorry i did not catch all of what you said  i was too busy talking  lol"
pretzels  yum 
just curious  if you all could do anything at all   what would you do??
needs a job   hmmm   
come on yarn   untangle already!!
the campfire was a blast!! thanks everyone for coming!!  smile 
"holding out all that i do and do not know  only god can help with these mysteries!\ laugh "
so if ya'll could change anything in or about your life  what would you change??  laugh 
\i must learn that the purpose of my life belongs to god, not me  god is \9e1849c99f8a7a8c27a5b1f977129d0c,anyone wanna come over and play games or watch a movie?
happy thanksgivining world!! gobble gobble!!  laugh 
i love christmas music!!!!!!!!!
yum! just ate a snap pea that tasted like dirt  lol
how great is my god!!!  laugh 
"gah  get out of my head!! \you know who you are!!!  playful "
"i'd hug you, but i have no arms "
life is good  very good and i can't stop smiling and dancing randomly around the house   laugh 
hey people please pray for my grammy she is in the hospital  had an allergic reaction to bleach  not sure what is all wrong  she is seeming better since i first saw her but could still use prayers  thanks!!
grammy came home from the hospital!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  thanks god!  love 
haha my brother <propfirst> just told me that he is going to <propfemale> keys off of my earings! lol
agg! and double agg! cause i don't know what the first one was for!!
sigh   sweet peace at last!  smile 
aww! thank you all for the happy birthday wishes!! i definitely am having a very wonderful day!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"daddy jesus,you are awesome!!!  love "
must  resist   chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!
i love my snurf <propmale>!!!  love 
bubbles are the answer for everything  at least when it comes to crying children    
hmm   finally some time to relax!  smile 
what a nice start to today! painted flowers on <propfirst> and danni's nursery wall and now i am reading whilst listening to some rockabilly music!!  laugh 
"prayer chain needed     prayers need to go out for a fb friend audrin <propmale> and her family  her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you don't know her, god knows her   please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl   the power of prayer speaks volumes  please and god bless you for doing this  re-post"
"a conversation that i had  today with a little boy after we found a toy lion in the toy kitchen bin annoyed boy: lion!\me: now why would someone put a lion in the fruit basket?\boy:      \me: do people eat lions?\boy: yes!!\me: what do they taste like?\boy: (pauses for a second and then beams at me)\apples!!"
granny squares!  love 
i got the tropical smoothie job!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh : thank you jesus!!  love 
looking at platypuses 
so apparently my dog likes wasabi flavored seaweed 
"i <propfirst> 3:18 dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth  what would love do ?  love "
"n god (i will praise his word), in god i have put my trust; i will not fear  what can flesh do to me? psalm 56:4 (nkj"
