4e7a5cd9cc13de55394ff85f7f3bebae
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  had a good day besides working  will hopefully go to boston tomorrow 
lets go <propmale>
wooo hooo <propmale> continues to be undefeated
sorry to say my new englander's but i have to go for my broncos today    
"just seen the new twilight new <propfemale> movie    omg it is awesome   love it  can't wait for the third one, am going to have to buy the books and read them now"
happy turkey day everyone  try not to stuff yourself to much
my o my is it ever so <propfemale> outside   gusts up to 60 mph and suppose to be 63 degrees out today and hoping this rain will go away 
"a week from today my brother will be here and than next saturday, off to the <propfemale> state of florida for good   i can't wait  "
i hope everyone has  a very <propfemale> christmas with your families and safe and happy traveling
happy new year everyone  have a safe and fantastic time  don't drink and drive 
yellow with white flowers
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% wont copy and paste this will you?? (keep believing! love you grandma!)"
"it's time to show the world that the majority of us support our troops! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
rip grandma week
watching the hope for haiti telethon
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone  i hope everyone has a safe and wonderful with day with their <propfirst> 
"tomorrow is a 14 hour work shift, come home, go to bed, and get back up to do a 12 hour shift    uggghhh     is it sunday yet???"
hanging out in fort <propmale> today 
"had a long, but nice day out at the base today  brother graduates survived basic training - tomorrow  way to go <propfirst> "
happy easter  hope everyone has a great day and that the easter <propfemale> brought you something good 
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this       in memory of all fallen soldiers"
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!! woooo hoooo
"???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? o? ??nou? ????s no? ??? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? no? ?i,,,, ???u? ?u??????p ? ?o?? p??o? ??? ?? ?oo? ? ?u???? s?"
"long, but wonderful weekend  love hanging out with friends and family "
excited that i will be off work in time tomorrow to watch <propmale> and boston nba playoff game
watching the cavs game tonight and than going on a 7 mile hike tomorrow
7 mile hike today     going to feel so good to clear my head
is hoping that <propmale> plays better tonight than they did the other night   that was just horrible 
ok what the heck happened to the cavs here?????
can not wait to go to basic training !!!!!!!
"after a really long, exhausting day    i can offically say that i belong to the armed forces and i feel very honored to be"
"i think i have the most wierdest dog, she loves popsicles"
going to be a crazy summer    noah is predicting 33 named storms with 7 of them being <propmale> 3 + hurricanes
hope everyone has a safe and wonderul holiday weekend  don't forget to honor our fallen soldiers 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family, while you're at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation week    re-post this if you are in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate the military!"
off for the rest of the weekend     can't wait    going to  be fun
"is thinking that even though it is really hot outside, i still might go for a hike, but the swimming pool won't be far behind"
"is wishing for one big, gigantic bubble i can crawl in where no one else can enter"
lets go celtics    bring it home tonight
the celtics need to regroup during half time    my goodness
lets see if boston can bring it home tonight  to bad i have to work until 11 but i will be finding a tv to watch some of the game     
boooo hoooo to the lakers 
happy father's day 
going to go see twilight (eclipse) tuesday night      hehehehehehehe
off to work    oh what joy    next day off isn't until tuesday  sad 
happy 4th of july everyone  i hope everyone has a fun and safe weekend  god bless <propfemale> 
the weekend can not get here soon enough   
"mom, mom, mommy, <propfemale>, mom, mom, mommy, <propfemale>      what!!!      hi"
had sushi for the very first today for lunch    have to say   it is pretty good
i'm extremely happy 
is seeing the best lightening storm    love it!!!
think that i am going to skip out on the school work for the rest of the day and go home and stick a movie in and relax and wait for <propfirst> to come home 
am so excited to have tomorrow off  working 8 days straight is just to much  burnt out from this place 
is extremely grateful for my amazing boyfriend    thank you so much for coming to my rescue last night babe  i love you 
"if you have a wonderful man, who is perfect for you, who works hard and would do\anything for you, that makes you laugh, who's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your world, and is someone that you're thankful for every night, then post this on your status "
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes  unfortunately i get to work today but this weekend will make up for it  i can't wait 
"3 weeks from today, will be on my way to south <propfemale>  oh how i am ready but also so not ready  i'm going to miss a certain someone so much "
tgif!!!!
"lets go patriots, lets go     "
passed my pt test this morning with flying colors  week and a half and i'm south <propfemale> bound 
loves sunday  nothing better than watching football all day and spending time with the ones you love 
going to be a sad week  going to see if i can get rid of my car today 
doesn't want this week to end    
jackass 3d was awesome 
buh bye facebook for a few months  wishing everyone happy holidays 
going home tomorrow morning  can't wait 
is homeward bound in less than 5 hrs  wooo hooo
will be home in t - 3 hours 
have yourself a very <propfemale> christmas!!!
"had the best christmas ever   so happy i got to spend it with my mom, step dad, <propfirst> and his parents  couldn't of asked for anything better than that "
happy new year!!!! hope everyone has a great time tonight and stay safe  no drinking and driving!!!
back to basic training tomorrow  my has the last two weeks flew by  but had the best two weeks ever  ready to finish up basic and move  so sad to leave my bf and mom  see you tomorrow night battles 
"leaving for the airport later  really not ready to leave  but only two weeks and than it won't be so bad  going to miss you <propfirst>, and i guess i will miss you also mom   laugh "
back on ft jackson    ready to hit the bed and to be done with this place  miss you much <propfirst>  love you tons  can't wait to see you 
graduation tomorrow      yahoooo    family day today  thought it would never come 
graduating basic training today!!!!!!!!!
i am an american soldier!!!!
on my way to ft <propmale> way    in <propfemale> right now eating at the <propfemale> corral
"sitting on the bus, watching the blind side, in tennessee and falling asleep from time to time  wished i could stay asleep  i'm tired"
made it to ft <propmale> wood  let the next ten weeks begin 
could definately get use to breakfast here  omlets and powered donuts   yummy
is bored
let the day  begin  it is going to be a long and boring one  everyone have a good and safe monday 
time to go sit in a briefing all day about financial management
"is suppose to have a blizzard coming, hopefully will have a snow day so i can sleep and hopefully get rid of this sickness"
no classes today    woo hoo     snow day here at ft <propmale> wood
"way to go green bay, so happy they won    take that pittsburg"
"have to say, doing countless pushups and situps in like 15 degree weather equals to very very cold hands and feet"
it is another lovely snow day here at ft lost in the woods (ft <propmale> wood)  get to attend a very exciting class about cultural awareness here in a few minutes  what an exciting day 
happy valentines day everyone 
is so extremely happy      met the guy of my dreams   we are engaged   my life is back on track and going down the right path   what an amazing life
"just found out my unit duty station     ft bragg, nc"
so happy  <propfirst> is coming to visit me the weekend  can not wait 
happy presidents day; meaning another day off for me    laying in bed all day and doing nothing  sounds wonderful  wished i could enjoy that with a certain someone  5 more weeks 
is so unbelievibly happy   hope i can sleep tonight 
if you are thinking about sneaking out and thinking that the army will not find you      you are wrong!!!!! thank you class 5
under a tornado warning    all huddled up on the first floor    thank you missouri
hazmat test this morning    not feeling to comfortable about it  let's pray that i pass 
is hazmat certified  what a weight lifted off my shoulders  the rest is a piece of cake from here  only 4 weeks left  can't wait!!
is more than ready to get out of this place  3 weeks can not go by soon enough 
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status"
final pt test tomorrow    hope i can move my legs by than
final pt test over  woo hoo
2 more weeks and i'll be through 
proudly to annouce that i get the pleasure of spending the next 4 days 3 nights out in the field doing exciting army training  have a good week everyone  the shower will be calling my name by thursday evening 
never thought i would be so happy to be back in the barracks     glad ftx is over
regimental induction ceremony today  offically going to be inducted into the cbrn corps  so excited to go up and touch a plastic rock 
3 more days and i am out of here 
"is very excited for the weekend  <propfirst> will be here tomorrow, get to see my dad monday, also graduate monday, and get to meet my soon to be brother and sister in law  what a great way to start april "
graduation tomorrow morning
