07b5cd42e97d02c924736a0015c74102
goes in for a second shift at the steakhouse soon 
doesn't like how facebook forces you to refer to yourself in the third person like a jackass 
i need help with facebook 
figured it out 
what do i want to have for lunch?
and <propfemale> are having fun making soaps and candles 
"to work, to work, it's off to work i go   "
has decided to try to give ziggy more attention so he will calm the hell down with the squawking 
why don't these damn note forward thingies give you a list of your friends on here to choose from because honestly i can't remember who the hell all i have on here to send the note to when i'm trying to type the names in 
my feet hurt 
"my whole body hurts   i've worked 24 of the last 48 hours   not that i'm complaining - i need the money   p s  - <propfemale>, i know you can one-up me; you've probably worked 40 of the last 48 hours or something crazy like that "
"my butt, arms and neck hurt   sad "
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"yesterday i told <propfemale> that i thought that the television was evil and that it sucks me in and before i know it all my precious time is gone   today i watched the last half hour of dr  <propmale> (shut up) and by a supreme act of the will of god turned it off and finished reading iodine by haven kimmel (intricate and wonderful), did some laundry, and now <propfirst> springer is on in the background and i'm waiting for <propfemale> to"
come home and help me decide what to eat and then the plan is to go get groceries and then i have to go to work 
dear amber: sugar in the morning is not a good idea   you know what happens when you do that   dear maggie: why did you bring waffles into the house?  you know what happens when you do that 
sooooo tie-erd   and hot   and thirsty   ugh 
the problem is you don't know if you're stepping on a doodie or a pine cone 
what's the difference between a toilet seat and a waitress? a toilet seat waits on one asshole at a time 
oh! here we go! here we go! it's almost 5am! i've been waiting for 5am all night! what's next? 6am! yay!
"at the end of my walk this morning there was the smell of laundry and grape popsicle in the air   very pleasant   also, it was very chilly this morning   my favorite season is on the way!"
"rough day at work today - now i remember why i don't do sunday at texas   needy, rude tables   i've always felt sorry for the moles in the whack-a-mole game "
"my walk this morning: old woman gaining on me, then passing me, then gaining distance "
how're ya'll doin' them heart things on here?
sure you could clean the <propfirst> foreman grill   that would be fine   or you could let the cat lick it 
"7 smile 0pm and i feel like i took a sleeping pill   also, hungry   wait   did somebody slip me a seroquel?  i could've sworn i was off that stuff "
"i need some damn earmuffs   where the hell are the earmuffs this season?  what, are earmuffs not in vogue for 2010?  what, my people, i ask you, have we come to when earmuffs are no longer in style for winter-weather wear?"
wants to meet the deadline for a writing contest tomorrow
"i finished my story   i'm tired, i guess?, a little delirious   wondering how that (the deliriousness) has affected the writing "
"do you know what it's like to have god light your ear wax on fire?  i do   i had the t v  on in the living room for background noise and i just heard <propfemale> <propfirst> and hoda on the today show singing along to \god blessed the broken road \"""""
listenin' to the rain    
boilin' some eggs
glad to be getting over my cold and back to my morning walks!
"hi  my left tonsil is covered in puss and the lymphnodes in my neck are the size of golfballs   nice visual? tmi? here's some more: i got a massive shot of steroids in my rear today to help the lymphnodes go down   i have a band-aid on my butt   thank you, you're welcome "
"i made it out to wal-mart yesterday for gatorade and a new toothbrush   but wait - what fresh, new hell is this?  antibiotic turning my guts to mush   lovely "
"joining the fight    change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse "
"i just changed my blogger profile; i set \industry\"" to \""non-profit \""  occupation remains the same: \""waitress \""  it fits """
oy 
"i got the most awesomest scarf at the wal-marts today and i had to wrap it around my neck about a dozen times 'cause it was so long and then i went for a walk and my neck sweated, like, so bad!  it totally did   for reals   that scarf works good, yo   maybe a little too good "
