4fd3436f14c2be81795dd17cc6859879
shweeet                        
given enough time i can make anything possible 
"i cant count cards and im not particularly skilled at poker, but if you sit down to play a game with me i will always beat you because im the luckiest person in the world"
cinnamon skin be bringing sin to my mind
i hate skittles so fuck you!!!!!!!!
i have a pet rat that is the shit
shit that hella sucked  sad 
you wanna go out sometime?
revelations!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
punk-tuation is for punks
"and then he said the <propfemale> was made of cheese, and thats when i knew he was full of shit   the moral of the story is that some times a story has no truth to it "
and ah weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
do you hookah? why yes    yes i do 
dont fuck with me    i have a grenade    or three
"i can juggle, do magic, play an array of musical insturments and just about anything esle you can thing of         but the one thing i can not do is start a normal conversation with a very nice girl   thats just sad "
"beauty beauty beauty, theres nobody near me, there never was "
i dislike everything right now
ghetto ass egyptians
dang i miss you 
its good to know that where ever you are the sky is still blue 
i  dont know
gurrrrrrrrrrrr  everyone sucks
nothing is as i intended  i ment to be different 
"if every thing is the wrong thing, than how the hell am i supposed to do the right thing?"
yepppers
haha youre right  gettin on
i notice thee most obvious thinks some much later than everyone else    haha oh well better late than never i guess  laugh 
imma ninja my way threw the day
thank you all for the bithday wishes everyone!!!!!
im now looking forward to sunday
hold me too tight stay by my side and let me be the one who calls you baby all the time ~the used
welcome too    your very own    welcome welcome
swirling cloudes of this and that
people are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling
my harder lemonade!!!!! its way harder than your lemonade  laugh 
you are in much need of an oubliette 
did you know that pumpkins are the only living organisms with triangle eyes?
"did you know that rhinoceroses are just big, fat, white trash unicorns?"
"great balls of sack! i think i figured out what i want to go to school for  shit, its about time "
"did you know that rhinoceroses are just big, fat, white trash unicorns?"
yeah!
did you know that you can't throw away a garbage can?
is building a mosque at ground zero any worse than building a church on a indian reservation? manifest destiny    beotch!!!!!!!!!!
"i see so much, yet i understand so little "
did you know that elbow meat is the exact same texture as an 86 year old woman's nipple?
barnacles are the <propmale> campbell's of the sea 
im really a black man 
"holy peanuts!  i wish i could be in to places at once      i could be at taco <propfemale> and at the same time i could be at pizza hut, with out being at the combination taco <propfemale> and pizza hut   oooh the gift of bi-location"
whats on my mind?  the same shit thats always on my mind      hair   god damn your dumb 
mi llamo towelie
i dont know why im so pissed about these things 
lets see   what is the least important uninteresting tid-bit of my life that i want to share with the world via facebook     i got!  today i was   well? what do ya think? all day today i was  i existed and too how many of you out there did my being here influence your day?  how important do you think you are to the world?
i keep getting lost in these back alleys of life    
im incharge of the rubberbands
"logic and reason far to often take the back seat to emotion and impulse   but hey, thats what makes life so intersting "
im so hungry    imma eat you darn it
gazebo is way too good of a word to waste on a house with no walls
im my spare time i build jetpacks     i just became way cooler than you
i said more cow <propfemale> god damn it!!!!!!!
that new force unleashed game looks shweet
i built a jet pack in a week    stange
feed me <propmale>     
if i had a dime for every time a homless man asked me for spare change id still say no    
"breathe in for luck, breathe in so deep, this air is blessed, you share with me \this night is wild, so calm and dull, these hearts they race, from self control \your lips are soft, as they graze mine, we're doing fine, we're doing nothing at all "
you know what would have if you breed fire flies with dragon flies?  you would have <propfemale> flying lightsabers 
"you're chasing the ghost of a good thing, haunting yourself as the real thing \it's getting away from you again, while you're chasing ghosts "
how many communion wafers you would have to eat to consume a whole jesus?
its almost done suckas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and it turned out purdy good i think 
"and then my fist was all like \blam!\""  and your face was all like \""splat!\"""""
t v told me i have to see the final saw movie     give me $10   its gods will    or the t v 's    either way gimme the dallars   (side note: it looks like a terrible movie )
"so last night i was kickin it with jesus (the son of god, not the one from south of the boarder) and jesus said unto me \go forth my child and cut your hair for you look to be a hippy\""      really jesus? really?  you think im the one who needs a hair cut? whatever dude """
cuttin pumpkins and scarin ghosties
damn i wish i could be a gangsta        
sweet baby snakes
     blah    
"we live in an in-between universe\where things change all right\but according to patterns, rules,\or as we call them, laws of nature"
incoming transmission       you suck      end transmission 
still trying to figure out where i am and decide where i want to go 
we are all one consciousness e playful eriencing itself subjectively 
damn     slept away another day 
opptimistic   because the universe tends to unfold as it should   so while i may not be where i want to be at this time in my life i know that eventually ill get to where im going and some day ill be happy 
if i ever catch this bug in my room im gonna squish him real good 
damn          ninjas      
my laser gun goes pewwww!! pewwwww!!  and i goes to wal-mart 
do you realize that every day i go to work i zap shit with a phaser?  im like a real life captain <propmale>    
"its strange   the way these things keep appearing, so constant and frequent  i want something new "
gimme a tube of toothpast and a can of air freshener and ill kill a small army of <propfemale> flies!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck you bug youre gonna die!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck you 
"remember when i moved in you; the holy dark was moving too, and every breath we <propfirst> was hallelujah"
and god said let there be nukes
\i see you driving 'round town with the girl i love and i'm like,\4fd3436f14c2be81795dd17cc6859879,how many bubbles are in a bar of soap?
i have a loaf of potato bread and a shit load of top ramen      im gonna make a top ramen sandwich    surprise 
its sad to see so many people in power being so ignorant 
dang its been a long day
damn  sad 
i miss my hat  sad 
hahahaahhahhaha hahaha ha     ha and ya know what? maybe its because you never knew me at all 
i don't want a surly character sitting next to me praying to a god that's not my god in an angry fashion 
f#$@ you pringles man 
i wish i could pack my backpack and just walk away from all of this   i need an adventure 
"i'm a man of many hats  many many hats, that you'll never see "
puttin' my school hat back on 
"\life\""      the worlds longest and most difficult obstacle course """
<propfemale> little pimp in a thimble   smacking his hoes with a daffodil stem 
who wants to give me some money so i can go to school?  how about you mister president?  can you work me in to that budget  of yours?
i love you all and theres not a darn thing you can do about it 
gettin a second job as an e playful editor 
finish my e playful editor test   ill know in a few days if i got the job   other than that  the guy next to me has the stranges accent 
chill out cause in the end all the little thing that are getting you pissed dont really matter 
"got damn   car crash,  muffed up collar bone,  smashed christmas tree, but hey, we're alive    lesson to be learned?  if youre gonna flip a truck wear a seat belt and strap down the trees "
ooooohhhhhh  yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
got damn shes amazing 
shit   i lost my phone  in the mighty snow banks of <propmale> valley!
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar 
this whole thing is strange 
if i could remeber half the things i hear i might give a shit about the things you say 
yeah school
"all i've ever wanted, see, was to tell you honestly i'd do anything for you  i'd do absolutely anything for you "
i was to nervous to say hi 
"why? well that's just the way things are  \well i say fuck that  i'm gonna do my shit the way i want"
"you can lie, but you're soaking in sin  when you die, let your <propfemale> begin"
win!!!!!!!   fun day  fun people 
i need you in my brains
gurrrr     
eternally optimistic because right now it's all i've  got 
some times you just gotta say fuuuuuck ittttttt   call me when you get over this self-centered phase youre goin through 
must have internets    
yeah you got sweet lovin' still hot from the oven all the muffins that a man could <propfemale>
do my nails bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dreaming of you
abssssssinthe
"oh oh, i am in love again oh oh, i am consumed by it oh oh, i am in love again under-drugged and overdone "
mmmmm muffins       
comic con bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my eye feels gross
well     alright then    
spring break? heck yeah it is
more snow?    awsome   
andaaaaaaa    weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
poooooooooooooop
