b41c50fc931358d7c178d69ae99a8f60
and the next decade begins!
"way to start the new years with beethoven's 9th! along with the conductor, eckart preu describing the meaning behind beethoven's idea of the probable eventual unification of everyone!"
"in self-ascriptions we trust    in god when with a favorable outcome, but with a need for scientific e playful lanations (harmless entity, logic) when a dissatisfactory result occurs  for every individual, a humbled redirection of self-trusting increases those f"
"it seems too coincidental that we're alive, in our personal bodies, on earth among this massive population of life (humans, animals, sea dwellers, microbes, etc ), as though being coherent - self-aware to relative degrees per intellectual capacities - is "
"do you want me to go fucking trash your lights! fuck! no, fuck, no! and what the fuck is it with you! what don't you fucking understand!? i'm going fucking kick your fucking ass!"
time to do what i do 
nothing better than problem solving pathologies!
"keeping it simple, interpersonally    a must "
"oh, man  books, books, books  mountain dew!"
bar time 
"i hate conforming to these fucking things  i deleted my myspace account because it was like a plague to me  my thoughts get very dark  how about this, i feel fucking great today! not like it matters  the only paradise i know of is complete absorption into studies, excogitations and compilations of everything ontogenically and presently known  yeah! for who gives a fuck  i can't wait for the next 4 years to pass "
"we're interdimensionally tethered to hyperspace, so what the fuck am i looking at when i gaze out the window? or at the mirror? we're not the children of this universe, but are the result of what the universe intended  more so, we are representatives of this given existence, and are not detached from the concept  we're synonymous to it  there is nothing more important than learning everything about our existence "
let's all revel in our hardy personalities!
time flies!
"man, fuckin writer's block  sometimes it flows, others it doesn't "
"we haven't even a glimpse of what reality truly is  we're an originating set of recursive, self-referencing probabilities as kinetic concepts  control is an illusion; free will is revered by all, yet the relationship between cause and effect is the approximating balance of superficiality of space and time that we all perceive  as you move on with your daily lives, know that you are infinity and incomplete "
i love the valley hospital!! i've got me some nephrolithiases from the visit smile 
awesome! beethoven's 9th is now available at the opera house for new years <propfemale>!
"no splenomegaly  cool, cool "
"prepare for the future, live in the now "
life is awesome!! lol!
i love e playful erimenting and gambling with stressors!
it's awesome existing!!!
"work, work, work!!!!"
"what has always intrigued me in calculus is the relationship between zero and infinity  sure, they're reciprocal to each other, but they share the same edge "
"you know, people have wished they could be at multiple places at once, but that is exactly what is already happening  friends, family, people on the other side of the world are all working for the same purpose  i think we'll all understand what this means in the future, but it can be felt now when you're looking at another person "
"i remember watching the movie, there will be blood, and i thought to myself that people preaching religion are the best motivational speakers "
"always find the motivation to do what you want and need  plan, and do "
"dammit, those groups, quantum physics, theoretical physics and philosophy each had some mental midget creating frivolous arguments  i don't have time for that shit "
life is good!
new laptop is on its way  <propfemale>!!
do not fear nonconformity 
yes! done with my paper on psychological testing utilizing the mmpi  once i get my new laptop - perhaps tomorrow -  i'm going to starbucks to download that 600 <propfemale> file on surgical suturing smile  time to read something more productive and enlightening!
we can do anything we want as long as we stay organized and motivated 
you can't save everyone 
"<propfemale>'s going to the hospital, possibly for birthing a new life!! we'll see!"
a speculative mind is an asset to the analytic man 
"a concept i remember thinking of in the past: between times, for example, 1 and 2 seconds, there are an infinite array of finiteness - how are we passing over them? i think the answer lies in the amount of energy that makes up everything that exists  hehe, i like to think of it as, infinity minus 1 bits of convertible kinetic concepts possessing larger bits of energy through succession "
"it's like life is all about the attraction and e playful elling of one another  they both represent the crudest form of attraction, but with relative degrees per the amount each individual assumes is needed "
"work, work!"
e playful licit promises leave no room for the unknown of the future; give promissory outlines for direction and legitimacy enough that people require for trust 
"anything studied, even something as minutely as one's day passing with mediocre thought is the same as independently realizing humankind's true potential  spreading gossip to discussing present paradigms and intellectual pursuits is a key point to evolution, making every action equally important - the true survivor, meme, concept of our essence and remembrance "
awesome study time!
i love problem solving pathologies! there's nothing better 
"i am so close to being done with uop; i can't fucking wait! i certainly learned a lot from the schooling, but i am definitely ready to move on!"
<propfemale> was enduring labor pains for a little while  i don't know how long exactly but a phone call was received about 40 minutes ago from <propfirst> saying that my second niece is 8 pounds 11 ounces  wa-bam! a new life!
"well, got all me homework done  i'm in the mood for studying radiology as a deserved treat  i'm tired, but i'm drinking a shit-load of coffee, with hot chocolate mix!"
dad's off to have his congenital ventricular septal defect repaired 
more work to do!
heating in a 48 hour cooker of studying!
"more, more, more!!!"
"haha! i love not being serious smile  but i also love contemplating the meaning behind everything, hehe "
i am an integrated substrate! what will i build next?
fuckin dogs almost knocked over my shit 
shit  okay  no mas  done     
knowledge time!
nasa's lcross post-impact news conference is coming on right now!!
need a little shut-ass 
"all that fun, and now it's time to complete my essay!"
adios for a while 
going to speed things up tonight!
everything has a recurrence  sometimes you have to view things totally different in order to recognize the next wave 
i feel awesome! my mood just increased a crapload! everything is perfect!
"what would they see? unto us, as dynamic liberated entities with full reign  to us, they would seem to be behaviorally and interactively limited, which means a restricted will  that disparity is only held by programming, yet evolution underlies the unlimited "
awesome! i get to do my project on dahmer smile 
alright! coffee and continuation!
"i dreamt of some female last night that had adapted to space without any gear giving an artificial atmosphere  she only had regular clothes on, but i could see that she had an evolutionarily added specialized muscle layer within her integumentary system that was able to react readily to sudden changes in atmospheric conditions, with an associated mitochondrial facilitation of needed prolonging of energy "
"everything is alive  i can say this asseveratively because of what comprises us, quintessentially - organs, molecules, atoms, quantum particles, etc  the behavior of molecules as they interact with others in a harmonious biological system suggests that life comes from dynamic dissimilarities evolving and adapting concurrently for a purposeful convergence of unanimity "
nights not done yet 
i like it when people face their fears and always figure problems are surmountable  it's the only way to live 
our only direction is growth 
this is really interesting - a child born with schizophrenia: http annoyed  www oprah com article oprahshow 20090828-tows-jani-schizophrenic 1
"the ending is only determined by you  my favorite quote: never give up, never surrender smile "
"our dreams define our selves  what i am cannot be described, yet what i am is compelled to broadcast a behavior superficially unaccepted  you and i will only know certain parts  i love this quote smile "
"i'm glad to be looking forward to another 10 or so more years of education  i want to know as much as i can before i die  with the direction i'm going, i know i'll never be done with learning  i'm definitely done with literature and psychology; now is the time for all the sciences and its applications  to me, everything learned is the study of the self "
"learning one thing at a time, our pace increases as we add more upon our stack of wisdom  from this, genius comes with creativity, where learning one bit of new information may lead them to a substantial thought, without the need to learn the mundane intercalated pieces that commoners require  everybody has this gift, being a potential that is simply switched on - we're all in this together!"
being vague is a coin of self-preservation 
a very logical end that credibility inevitably mediates is the acceptance of deleting certain factions of one's past life (as a means for learned e playful erimentation)  change is a needed feature to growth 
"damn, look at the snow!"
"mmmmm, food!"
i see the philosophical facet to my being as an advantage when rationalizing science smile 
"through dramatic changes, a person that has e playful erienced relative trauma will manage to their own particular degree  most have only e playful erienced slight alterations in their lives, but of course e playful loit them as being substantial for their own personal reasons; yet, being thrown into a situation that causes for a minimal reaction, they would succumb to the associated pressures "
"study, study, study!!"
"oh, it's so much fun! but, now i need a couple hours of sleep "
"again, thank you "
"i think there is nothing more significant existentially to realize than that we are in fact the universe, a species that represents what the physical laws working together is implicitly aspiring for  what's next is everybody realizing this so that a proper prevalent unification can take place  i don't see that happening for a long time since it's something not to be impressed, but independently acquired "
happy new year to everyone! i hope this year brings a prosperous and successful accord to your natural reflection of all things in general smile 
"thank god for the internet and all the useful educational resources within  own has taken over the discovery health channel, and one less site of public promulgation of education has been superseded once again "
next!
"life is awesome! no matter what happens, it's always good to keep in mind that life will always prevail, if not here, then elsewhere throughout our universe  i'm looking forward to the next 50 (or 100?) years!"
a little break  then work smile 
"\to all my friends!!!\"" haha! i love that barfly movie """
"i am more and more convinced everyday (with the exclusion of desirous thinking) that life is more profound than what we're able to perceive now  i am objective about all of my existential theories, and will waver one or more, and others if substantially associated, if i find prove of their evidential illegitimacy  thus far, i still hold onto my relativistically educated guess that once we die, we will be everything "
teamwork!!
"more, more, more!"
"just watched that pathology movie and i really liked it! except for the smoking crack  good god, i'd never do that, lol!"
"nice  i just got my h a l bag, just for my laptop smile  i made sure this one would fit and last "
"unto life and existence in general, i will always be in awe "
"she's a bit crazy, you say? my kind of woman  shows her true self "
i got billions and billions!
"hoping that nasa's budget won't be reduced, but increased if lucky  we need to e playful and and network with everything extrasolar! it's one of the main drives we have  to reach out to what is beyond "
pair bonding is mostly successful by defining appointed commonalities; self-ascriptions beset intuitive distinctions  love yourself 
studying 
that's your misdirected animosity  what the hell did i do?
"have an appointment to deal with the hypergranulation  tried silver nitrate to remedy the problem, and so we'll see how that worked upon evaluation today smile  dr  <propfirst> <propfemale> is awesome! he, along with the several doctors that i know, inspires me "
i wonder what geosmin smelled like 100 million years ago 
amazing! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rzkznehjs7i&feature=related
casino time!
fuel!
i think the best thing about being alive is knowing or believing what the true potential of us humans is!
one thing that placates me is knowing that the interpersonal influences i have on others is going to motivate an epigenetic alteration that at least in some way constructs a fundamental weigh of my existence  haha! we can only speak in hypotheticals as a species smile 
"study, study!!"
"yeahhhh, saints! i feel sorry for manning, though  and that interception pissed me off  although, i'd love to be in new orleans right now, haha!"
one more week!
"a little time off; watching barfly with a couple of drinks in me, and a couple waiting "
woke up with uvulitis  what a strange sensation 
we cannot dictate nature  nature dictates our nature 
"looking at someone, seeing how innocent, scared and insecure they are is hard to deal with  most often, i choose to look at the strength in others, but during some other times, where other's are emotionally fragile because of some news, the empathetic part comes out and is not allowed to be absent  i know this will be less of a problem in the future, as science reveals more about our significance and purpose "
"life being unscripted, is the only thing truly dynamic in this world of ours  watching movies, playing games provides little entertainment to those that seek unfamiliarity  having the courage to jump into the middle of interrelating animate beings is like rejecting the notion that we are not entitled free will  we are free to do what we want, and being around others is all the more than being a pattern "
"for individuality: what speaks for me? how i feel? what i am? my behavioral proclivities that which are so obtrusive, am i supposed to embellish those superficialities? a line of self-defense so preliminarily retrospectively aspired    life gives us so many options "
last assignment done soon!!
"listening to people as they walk, their clothes ruffling is just as important as a vociferous commotion  to me, silence is the most undesirable of things  maybe it's a natural need to be socially integrated "
moving on 
damn  done  now to look forward to the next step!
"no matter what happens, we are all the same    even by any humanistically founded quantifiable measurement "
food!!!
"time to chill  c2h5oh, food and movies for tonight  bueno smile "
life can be so brutal; it can be so gracious  all we can do is learn how to embrace the both 
"i'm in the process of quitting, but goddamn i wish i had some cigarrillos  fucking 'a'  oooooohhhh, i love it!"
"gonna drink the rest of the fifth and watch 2012  i know that armageddon will never happen, but i -- just like all other human beings and animals -- am fascinated with a scenario with no immediately presentable options  haha!"
might as well finish it 
am hungry  going to fry up a 1000 pounds of steak 
life needs to be around life 
that district 9 movie is awesome!
"i've never thought about it, but thanks to dr  kaku making it apparent to us about how earthquakes having actual influences upon earth's axis and rotational speed, we're in a continual flux of those parameters  right there is another example of remembrance "
"the light that indicates my web-cam is activated turns on and off without my doing (the timing is different for each interval, too -- no pattern)  the paranoid part of me feels that someone is checking up on me or something  i think i need some tape "
"communication, socializing is one of the most important things in life  without it, we wouldn't evolve "
"how we define ourselves is not from the location of our possessions, but who we become with respect to the needs that we specify "
everything has a degree of sentience 
"doing good always feels good  i mean, i'm not the best at it, but i do try "
time to cool off!!!
the analysis of others can only be so accurate from interactions that allow realism -- a perspective of openness  what do you know? what don't you know? what we don't should be a guild into the true aesthetics of our being 
"i have to reiterate this because it is so powerful and meaningful: we are the universe  there is no distinction  once this concept is understood, realized, you'll be able to see how everything and everyone is connected "
"i would like to be cryogenically frozen for 300 years or so just to see what we as a species becomes in the future, technologically and intellectually, and perhaps psychosomatically  but, if i am unable to, i will not be disappointed  i will still be happy to know that we are on a path toward some state of excellence and of great insight "
the categories that you judge me in are mirrors for the fears and worries that you have from others  learn to look through them 
am sick  but life is still good smile 
"there's nothing better, nothing more than what makes you smile when you help others "
one facet to genuine interpersonal openness: a person is more revealing when they are ignorant to the potential consequences of their e playful ressing themselves 
"i really hope cern will be able to answer all  those present unknowns for us  just like what jurgen schukraft said  (paraphrastically), we're, what seems, on the verge of a scientific  revolution, one that resembles what was just before einstein's general  relativity; and hopefully cern will be able to provide the inception to a revised perspective of the universe at the elementary and macroscopic level "
tired  going to get some sleep 
"in order to understand another person, one needs to e playful erience -- while surmounting fear -- all that life has to offer "
"as long as my future is intact, i'm invincible "
bad news for nasa  obama is screwing it all up  he's just a beacon of hell 
"going to relax my brain tonight! at times, innovative thoughts come out more when not focusing on producing them "
happy easter everybody! now it's time to study smile 
high likelihood that the wifi card in my laptop fried  good thing i have full coverage on it 
"study, study!"
"recognizing the disparity between us at the  conscious level and microscopic entities having the ability to  singularly form sophisticated mechanisms facilitates a rationalization  that life is not only of a biological system, but as minute as matter  can go  i still believe everything is a form of life "
okay  just a couple hours of sleep! have to force this 
"pain is an honorable sacrifice, just as important to us as the endeavor for peace "
"i love life! i love the hardships; i love the challenges; i love knowing that, i can never be done with my studies, and that we're all in this together!"
"well, time for more studying!! booyah!!"
"tea, <propmale> grey, hot!! now more studying!"
i have to study harder 
i wish the <propfemale> was further away so all life on this planet would have adapted to a longer daily cycle  24 hours isn't enough 
i feel so energized! life is awesome!
the elements that are in you are in me  the only dissimilarity is the difference in the combinations 
"wow  <propfemale>  i don't know what the weather will be like in 8 hours, but if the power goes out or the dish loses its connection, i'll be doing the presentation over at the university of phoenix buliding  no matter what, i'll be doing it!"
"whatever i'm afraid of is my path in life  i would never give them up, otherwise i wouldn't know which way to go "
"thinking in more basic terms, we're examining this world of ours from the perspective we were granted  this separation of entities is merely an illusion "
"it's snowing here  wasn't able to connect to the internet until now, so it may be a problem later "
i'll not stop e playful erimenting on myself  the day i stop is the day i die 
"i always speak in ranges  accounting for all  things relevant, one can never assume anything definitively, but acquire a  better intuition toward resolution -- which is offered from wisdom "
"yup, i used to be a nutbar  but what do you  think i am now?"
"just watched that enraged show  i still have some areas to improve  one thing is for sure, i'm a lot better than what i used to be like, lol "
"to all in the study group, i have a doctor's appointment on thursday, so i won't be able to make it "
"the discovery health channel episode of child-onset schizophrenia was amazing  the thing that gave me hope was january's iq score  to me, it means she is very open to understanding things  amazing story  if i become a psychiatrist, this is the area i would love to work in "
i'm tired  going to catch up on some sleep 
"got the bluescreen 3 times last night on this laptop  will have to purchase wi-fi for my desktop, and contact <propfemale> about this problem  1500 bucks for this bitch, but i have full coverage so i'm not really upset about it  right now, though, i can't rely on this thing; i don't know if and when the bluescreen will occur "
nope  laptop fried  damn good thing i decided to spend the extra money for the full coverage  now <propfemale> is going to send someone over to fix it smile  so i'll be offline for a bit 
"damn, i'm thirsty  i wonder if that means i'm hypernatremic!!!! or not  indecision  regardless, i'm going to chug some awesome agua!"
dogs just destroyed my faceplate and remote for my car stereo  lol
"some people take politics a little too seriously  government is just a working concept; there is nothing flawless made by humans, so accept that you're not supporting something so perfectly designed as though it was written by god "
"i look forward to getting older  with age comes a more enlightened stance, something that my past only gave so limitedly  being innovative at a younger age is with a rush of potentiality  the rush i embrace is <propfemale> with my overall understanding that i may disseminate in the future "
"i'm always delighted to hearing others' educated opinions on things  i had a strong reminder today when socializing with family members that unity is something attained so easily    but of course, will be a difficult matter when intercultural communication is impeded by unfamiliarity  an intermediary is appropriate for those potentially unstable exchanges  but this shows the prospect of universal peace, hehe smile "
study time!
i couldn't imagine life without the benefits from studying 
"what happened to dr  abdullah almusalam? all of a sudden, his profile and his group were gone  that guy is awesome! helped me out quite a bit  i hope he's alright "
"yes!!! a sequel to the game, saw, will be released the same time saw vii comes out! and <propfirst> elwes is reprising his role, haha  those will definitely be off-days for me!"
i love solving problems smile 
studying incurs confidence of competence -- resolves a sense of preparedness 
i feel so energized!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"this may be debatable, but i can see how the job of a doctor and a psychologist are comparable, given the amount of mystery and learned insight that allows a best guess for the respective professions' diagnoses of particular cases  and i'm talking about prospected diagnoses of e playful licit accuracy "
sweet! i have an appointment in about 3 5 hours from now  dr  <propfemale> is awesome! i always leave those appointments feeling greatly inspired smile 
"was just looking at the stars and kept in my thoughts: since we exist, why can't they?"
"support is one of the strongest, one of the best motivators and sources of reassurance "
"creativity comes from guessing at the possibilities of the absurd, for later review  memorize them all and use the ones that have increasing validity to their respective levels "
"ooga booga  going to take a break and watch pandorum, then prepare for all the stuff i have to do today!"
"if i ever have a kid, i'm going to name him, data! haha"
yeah!!! going to the next round! go usa!
my perception of things is currently being distorted  define life for me  i welcome it 
i'm not done yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just watched that orphan movie  wow, she was crazy!! gone! mentally, just gone!"
school tomorrow! the library is my friend smile 
"wow, ghana! nice shot!"
the first points of time in the beginning of any relationship is always very fun smile  it's like indexing memory and emotions 
sweet! car's fixed and is just as good as before smile  that bastard better not break down again 
weekend is not over yet!
"this <propfemale> germanotta is doing something right  i mean, her songs are pushing around 48 million hits on youtube  good god  i've put more psychosociological emphasis on her because of her popularity  the ultimate question is, why? what's going on here?"
test time! i'm ready!!
spain did it!! congrats team!
"i want to stay awake forever, but i can't  goodnight all!"
"for your kid's first car, would you buy him her a brand new, e playful ensive car -- if you could afford it -- or would you buy them something cheap?"
i love early morning drivers  fast and crazy (attitude) is the only way to be on the road 
"even when i'm 99% certain of one thing, i can never absolutely submit myself to that one direction  i will make decisions based on those <propfirst> as a strong suggestion (one can't go through life making no decisions), but i will always remember that it can still be wrong  it's all about the facts at hand, which is why i enjoy the present but look forward to the future "
"this episode made me look up the answer, especially since the intern was fired for his carelessness -- a big que mal  so, from researching it just now, it's brugada syndrome, an arrythmogenic channelopathy  noted and memorized! \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=na5oecjbew8"
my premise when studying: memorize everything  don't pick and choose; learn it all!
"to convince me, you have to die "
"keep pushing  push, push, push  never fall  keep the goal in sight  the only thing that can stop me is death "
"another basic, yet interesting concept: we are the physical laws, thus when we die, we do not cease to exist, fundamentally, since the physical laws still exist  we're still here  what this means, i don't know yet  still working on that "
"i still believe that everything is alive, since we're a combination of kinetic concepts -- etiological dynamicity  appreciating ourselves as living creatures, in this respect, is the same as acknowledging every minute part of our essence as participating to the grand scheme of things  a quantum particle in your body is also a participant "
"well, gotta go, see you all later!"
going to catch some shit  what it'll do to me i don't know  it's for the better good 
i'm a barrier of negativity! watch out for my belligerence! can you guess what i have ingested?!
let's chill!!!
"a lightning storm here  it's fun, while watching and listening, to think what our ancestors would have thought about when witnessing such events "
"kind of stupid reading somebody disparaging doctor's callousness  that would be like flipping off your doctor right before s he puts you under anesthesia for surgery -- dumb  if it was a patient of mine, i wouldn't treat him her any differently; i wouldn't voice my opinion, but here, oh yeah  what an ass "
"gotta keep my anger in check  it happens  aside from that, today's a great day smile "
on my way again  adios for a bit!
"just remembered my dream  i was on some unstable platform that seemed to be a couple of thousands of feet in the air  i fell off, but managed to grab a mattress to land on  i noticed my speed accelerating -- could hear the sound of wind speeding up as well -- and braced for impact  i felt confident that there was a high <propmale> of living  it was a rough landing, hehe, but i was okay "
i love medicine!!!  smile 
today was a good day!
"well, hell, i gotta go back in again, hehe  the spokane valley <propmale> must love me  although, i do enjoy being there  get to observe their controlled chaos smile  see you all later!"
"okay, school time! adios until later, all!!"
"a cool thing: i'm allowed to sit in the a and p lectures smile  it's uncle <propfirst>'s class, too smile  another great day!"
"the future will help us tie the relationship between the philosophical and the physical  to me, it is a relationship most definitely visible  denying it is an illogical, irrational e playful ression  we're crossing a world that requires a virtual description, one that delineates the reason why we need each other "
sometimes i just wish all the answers were given to me  but that would negate growth sad 
"cramming knowledge like a crazy man today! have an exam today, 3 tomorrow and 1 on thursday, haha smile "
we won't know where to do go if we don't know the first steps 
"if it came to peace as something conceivable, possible, i would die for it "
have to keep this night going!
"brilliant quote from guinan on <propfemale> trek annoyed \when a man is convinced he's going to die tomorrow"," he'll probably find a way to make it happen \""\"b41c50fc93135 laugh 7c17 laugh 69ae99a8f60,"when i'm socializing with a person, i memorize every microgesture, every displayed behavior and every word spoken (and all possible contexts from the meanings -- a person's personality, acknowledged by you is built over time)  nothing can be ommitted  when doing this, understanding another person is a very easy task, but known to never be 100% accurate "
"i have to wait until fall quarter, so i'll be making up a study plan to fill up my time  any suggestions? in the meantime, i'll be improvising my studies until i organize a routine smile "
"study, study, study!!"
final grades posted  life is good smile 
symptoms: subjective  signs: objective 
"one day, we're all going to look at eachother and realize what we're staring at "
"ahhh, student loans  always good at keeping you on your toes "
awesome smile  appointment with dr  <propfemale> in an hour smile 
life is so friggin awesome!!!
"our relativistic goal: continuation and efficiency  why? i don't know yet \i understand our present purpose -- we can only perform what we understand in the moment  but our future purpose? i can't sleep until i figure out the next step to this riddle "
tomorrow is radiology day smile 
"if aliens existed and knew of our presence (knowing us would mean they've mastered interstellar travel), when they would look upon us, i believe they wouldn't judge us, but only understand our behaviors at our current evolutionary status  they would just nod and move on "
"for that correct answer, i needed that  lately i've been worried because of the difficulties with the student loans  the next 2 weeks will determine my future  stressful "
"everything seems to have worked out well with the student loans, so life is good smile  moving on to the next set of obstacles!"
taking a hiatus from facebook for a while  adios until later! best wishes to you all smile 
"my study schedule amongst other things with the call for responsibility has been established, so facebook is now a probationarily limited activity smile "
"i love that in treatment show  it's a great reminder that looking deep inside people's minds will always be a passion, alongside medicine "
going to have a little fun tonight! see you all later!!  smile 
too cracked out to sleep  going to study and do a bunch of work 
i hate it that sleep is necessary 
"the 'in treatment' episode, april: week 6, was amazing  what a brilliant perception "
"wow  i love that show  that is one thing i will always find so appealing about psychology: is the ability to look deep inside others' souls, where they're aware of you and them seeing things so clearly "
that drank
"here's an intellectual thought: i love rain  \\consequence: arthritic response \hah!"
"it's been ages since i've written a psychology paper  i have 3 exams this week, thus afterward i'm going to take a break from the basics and refresh my writing ability  anybody have any ideas on possible topics?"
"life is still intact smile  pushing, pushing, pushing!!"
"i believe it is logical and evolutionarily humanely appropriate that controlling one's emotions is not just a given privilege, but a responsibility unto others  when i observe others' losing self-control during social exchanges, i just wish that the occasion becomes a valuable learning tool for potential future interactions fundamentally similar "
acute abdomen  pain  er
"last night, they didn't find anything remarkable  they gave me phenergan and sent me home  this morning, i felt worst  tender, bloated abdomen most likely precipitating emesis  mom is going to be taking me in this time  god i hate missing school    but i love being around doctors and nurses smile  i don't know how long i'll be in, so i'll talk to you all later "
diagnosis: bowel obstruction  i'm being admitted 
getting an ng tube to decompress stomach and intestines  then we'll go from there smile 
"so, i had the ng tube removed yesterday, which was quick and relatively painless smile  but now i have a decision to make that will fundamentally affect my plans  should i have surgery (ileostomy revision) now or later? later, as in either november 24th or december 13th  if i have surgery now, i would have to drop out of all my fall quarter classes "
"i may be getting discharged tomorrow, depending on how well my digestive tract handles a full liquid diet  i require that surgical procedure right away, so that takes priority  thanks everybody for your input, as i looked at all your thoughts  i have no choice but to withdraw sad  i will be continuing next quarter, and that's a fact "
"thanks everybody smile  i am now at home, feeling rejuvenated, but am out of school for the quarter  i did receive in the mail the mcat examkrackers preparation guide, so whilst this health issue is in the process of being remedied, i'll have several things to keep my mind occupied in a productive manner smile "
"so, surgery (ostomy revision) this monday at 10am pst -- 11-15-10  a few more battle scars for my repertoire, then hopefully i can put this behind me and have studying in the forefront of my activities and thoughts once again smile "
"a happy update smile  dr  berg was successful with the laparascopic ostomy revision  she cleared scar tissue that which was surrounding distal portions of my intestines  i feel a whole heck of a lot better and don't fatigue over the littlest of activities, like what i was e playful eriencing just prior to the procedure  i've been collaborating with my teachers and am keeping the ball rolling with my schooling smile  life is good!"
"make no mistake, surmounting life challenges, either acute or chronic, yield personal evolution in profound terms of the existential self "
happy thanksgiving to everybody! hopefully you all are able to enjoy it today smile 
"<propfirst> nielsen will be missed  going to watch the three naked gun movies soon -- he was such a funny man in his films, hehe "
it's an awesome feeling when thinking about dna structure now! what an amazing discovery!
sucks that oprah is destroying the discovery health channel! i love that channel! why can't she infect some place else with her vacuous meandering?
"i'm hoping there will be a fourth season of the show, in treatment  doesn't seem like there will be from the implications of the last episode  that sunil character was very intriguing! and analyzing <propfirst>'s psychology allowed me to reflect on my own, along with my present and potential future relationships "
what overshadows my past depressive inclincations is the acknowledgement of our interconnectedness  we are linked (with life and inanimate objects) in such a way that there is no difference between the space we occupy and everything else  what's more beautiful than that?
"regardless of personal beliefs and cultural conditioning, we are all the same  because of this, no matter the timing, i will most assuredly die happy  i am very happy that we are all alive  for my fellow humans, living beings, i have nothing but optimism and faith they will persevere "
"coming to a realization, i share: what did you see before?"
errors are just as important as anything else!
"if we in actuality knew the answer to the meaning of life, life would probably then be boring "
dermatillomania!
"if because of that medical issue getting in the way of fall quarter, i become ineligible for completing my academic career, i will go insane  i will seriously lose it  we will find out within a month which way things roll "
the best solution: flooding oneself with medical data 
the best part of life is that we in absolute decision and control wield our future smile 
"god, i love medicine!!!"
"oh, man, this weather    my body is on fire!"
what a gory dream! lol!
time to go!!!!
just had a dream  i was asking the future: is there anybody out there for me to die for?
ehhh  need at least a little sleep  so i'm going!!
time for practice of change!!
i have to post this repeating thought: poetry appeals to the imaginative aspect of our intrapsychic realm 
"for the ill-equpped confused, you're trying to find a line  seek your own describing design "
"what is perfection? whatever it is, study it, learn from it -- simulate it  perfection comes from it \\this may be currently unreachable, but nothing goes against trying "
"i just noticed that, when i haven't taken my meds for a little while, the pulse of pain i feel is that of my heart rate  kind of interesting smile "
i blew that physics exam apart! blasted it!
"oh yeah, i noticed yesterday that <propfirst> rourke in the movie, iron man 2, has nail clubbing "
life is awesome! i see puzzles everywhere  and we are so inclined to never leave even one piece unanswered  what's ongoing will in all likelihood sometime in the future be solved  every step we give to future generations is profound enough to simplify as a tool  there's a subjective (constructive) meaning of <propfemale> 
"it's been a while since i've had lucid dreams; i had two last night  the second one was typical, having powers and flying  but the first one was awesome  i walked into a house where a party was being held  not a drunken, dirty teenager party, but a more civilized type, with mature persons   "
"oh yeah, i've always wondered what type of brain cancer <propfirst> kramer had  i was playing, saw ii, last night and came across a piece of information regarding patients of dr  <propfirst> <propmale>  all of his patients were terminal  and <propfirst> kramer's type was glioblastoma multiforme  i guess that's what the producers decided to pick "
"'stagnance produces insanity'  well, that's what i get from it "
waiting for the next stage of a philosophical awakening  requiring another sip of the water of life -- that being conceptual additions necessary for furthering insight  to summarize what i have yet: location and configuration  so what's next with this?!
"no matter ones mood, never disseminate negativity "
wow! upgraded internet connection; fast as hell!!
"everything you view, try to improve  always have ideas "
"as i walk in pain everyday, my inner-monologue repeats, \i can  and i will \"""""
i wish sleep was not required  we only live once 
just watched the new <propfemale> episode  we humans are geniuses!
what a great feeling helping out others gives!
"how extraordinary  school has been canceled today (snow)  yet, the internet (dsl) is up and running, so studying is still on the agenda for today smile "
   to honor the human race 
"study, study, study!!!!!"
"whenever complimented, feel no shame in repeatedly examining and assimilating the message -- just remember to move on from whence the moment feels right  further, an inflated ego is from what is beyond the boundaries of those external observations; stay cognizant of this "
"still trying to prevent myself from hitting 'enter' during responses  multiple responses with one idea will remain until i adapt, haha "
