b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d
"tired of everything  i just want everyone to be happy, optimisic  is that too much to ask? if it is  please tell me "
i think i totally effed something up  craaaaaaaap 
im bored!!!!!! ugh! facebook is gay!!
i wonder                   
"this thing asks me \what's on your mind?\""      i really dont hav much it's pretty blank hahaha"""
wild waters was awesome!!! we sang n screamed on all the rides!! haha the lifeguards gave us funny looks hahaha
happy bday <propfemale>!! lol corny i know
i managed to get 6 jumbo marshmellows in my mouth     cool  smile  haha
"im back!! haha oregon was lots of fun!!  smile  now i hav regestration, driver's test and school to look forward to    whoop-ti-do"
you got my schedule?? haha
entering into the town of boredville where boredom is our favorite pass time
hahahaha i was acting like a total freak today hahaha stupid wall had to be so frickin narrow and make me almost fall grrrr haha its was funny tho      i think im gonna hav frosted flakes for dinner  who knows?
whew nevermind! <propfemale> stroud is my savior haha i love that girly  wink 
im boooooooooooooored! hahaha free for the day if anyone wants to do somethin!!
btw i heart <propfemale>!! haha
hmmmm           guys are very     interesting hahaha  smile 
cookie dough ice cream is perfect after an eventful day at school haha new schedule 1-english 11 menendian 2-pe lake 3-photo 1 webb 4-us history <propfirst> 6-physics friesen 7- adv algebra pires
the one thing about school that i really dont miss is homework       especailly math hw  sad 
"who knew that a box filled with bubble wrap, cotton balls and marshmellows would  protect an egg when thrown from the top of <propfemale> stadium  smile "
going to the scrimmage so i can get out of the house  anyone going? or wanna go?
god! people i cant be bubbly and hyper all the time!! whats wrong with wanting to be mellow and thoughtful?
carnival anyone? cedarwood 3 smile 0-8 surprise 0pm
hahahahhaha what a great day!!  laugh   love 
i've been waiting for it to pour rain like this for forever!!!  laugh  yay!!
drama drama drama   blah whatever
awww i feels da love!! lol
"hmmmmmm    i dont know whats worse, being bored on the computer? or just being bored?"
yep yep yep  gotta admit im a li'l bored      been that way a lot lately  annoyed 
"dear rain, i love you  smile   love  dear wind, i only love you during the summer  annoyed "
ewww someone frickin' gave me their sickly germs  sad 
wow  winter break is off to a great start wink 
i love it when the party doesn't leave until 4 smile 0am smile  smile 
'can you really e playful ect anyone on the outside to understand what goes on between two people?'
ummm   ummmm   uummmmmmmmm i must find something to do this weekend  
hmmm  good weekend wink  who was in that car?!
miya likes days like these wink        who was in that car though  ??
o m g  im boooooored out of my mind     i got my license!!       so i think ive joined about 10 groups in the last 10miutes  im that bored  
woohhooo done with finals!!  now what? lol
look! up in the sky! it's a bird! it's a plane! no  it's  it's   oh yeah it is a plane 
"\i haven't put on weight  your eyes are fat \"""""
"\don't    don't put the noodles and the dumplings together in the boat  they'll fight! the noodles are bullies  poor dumplings \"""""
i'm in my artistic photography state of mind smile 
they're literally the stupidest couple i've ever met  brutal truth  not saying they're not good together  i'm just saying they don't think when they're together 
"\when did you turn into a bug? strange \"""""
pouring rain   {5 minutes later}    sun shine! i love april and it's bipolar weather smile 
"\chinchillaaaaa  it's a frisky one!\"" hahahahahahahahaha funnyfunnyfunny  this kid  thiiiiiisss kiiiidd haha"""
soooooooooo im going to need a summer job  any ideas? know people or places that are hiring? i could use all the help i can get  
so im suppose to be working on this early draft of an essay             yeah  not happening haha
hahahaha thankya everyone for the birthday wishes!!  laugh  can you believe it  17yrs ago today  @ 6pm  i was born! hahahaha love you all! muchlove love 
"doooooooooooooooooooooone! w  sats  hahaha and had a yummy lunch with <propfemale>, kels, and beccaboo woods smile "
boy's volleyball  senior night! last week of vb woohoo!! come visit me   i gets lonely at the snack bar sad  hahahaha
its funny how people admit theyre true feelings once theyve lost you  hmmm  this i shall ponder
'im gonna soak up the sun! gonna tell everyone to lighten up!'
grr             ness
everyone is either sick or down in the dumps annoyed   cheer up buddies!
"ooooooooohmygoooooddnnnesssss!!!! buchanan's spring show was absolutely, positively, marvlously, amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!\[muchlove love ]"
its funny how we complain about people hurting us and forget to remember all the times they were nice   
it was fun while it lasted  
 smile  'ok it's alright with me  some things are just meant to be  it never comes easily and when it does i'm already gone' -<propfirst> hutchinson-
once you wake up in the morning  you wonder what it was that kept you awake the night before  
oh   ooooh   ooooooooooooh  oh snap!!!
"excited for the choir concert smile  smile \[muchlove love ]"
ohmygosh! <propmale> mcgrew was amazing! love that kid and his bro smile 
i  love  music i  love  music i  love  music
almost        almost friday  lets hope i survive haha i could really use a break  
"chocolate cone from fosters, learn to play phase 10, watch sex and the city while eating a delicious dinner?  another adventure at the woods' house smile "
is it weird that a simple video of a someone you know can keep you up  is it weird that a fight video bothers me that much?
"text me, call me, message me  something!!!! \[muchlove love ]"
"559-917-2815\[muchlove love ]"
someone come cure my boredom!!
"message, text, call  just chillin at home wink  559-917-2815"
ugh  if only i couldve stayed for 15 more mintues  15minutes! haha oh well
"wow  im alone yet so very content with that smile \[muchlove love ]"
"everyone talks about getting through finals and the last week of school  while i'm just trying to get through the night \[muchlove love ]"
(479): i'm sorry  both for you two breaking up and because i just ate some of your cheez it's 
"california gurls! we're unforgettable  <propfemale> dukes, bikinis on top  sun-kissed kissed skin  so hot! -<propfemale> <propfirst>- \ smile  smile  summer babay wink "
ahhhh memory lane smile 
i never walked away 
thinking:good in moderation
if you ever have that dream again beat it with a bat! bad dream! leave my wifey alone!
black ink smile 
i think some people take some things a lil too serious  lighten up people! its summer!
 smile  smileys all around  smile 
"dear sleep, \now would be a nice time to visit me  yet you always show up late  why is this? because brain won't shut up "
"ahhh musica, te amo smile  haha"
beat it up!! with the 'bad dream bat'!!!
ugh i dislike job hunts   with a passion 
govore?i langauge jedva itko zna je zabavno smile  smile 
who wants to go 'dirty dancing'??  wink  wink  wink 
i miss my besties!!!! : smile ( one left me for canada and the other left for spain  wtf? when do i get to go somewhere?!!  sad        oooooooooh wellllllllll  
"soooooooooo guess what?  my phone almost all touch screen, right? so i wouldnt mind so much if the keyboard stopped working  however thats not the case annoyed "
"football players, swimmers, and track stars make my efforts to work out look pathetic   i gotta find other destinations besides my school  "
"'say what you believe, think about what's right, and do what you really <propfemale> '"
hey got a new phone sim and everything so everyone send your <propfirst>!!!
soooooooo target's popcorn isn't exactly good for me  yet     i cant put the bag down playful 
someone who repeats actions e playful ecting a different result  i am by definition insane 
"1day down  oooooh girls  lets see how these next 4 playout, shall we? lol"
thank  god  its  friday  red <propfirst> with the girls after camp smile  smile  smile 
forget it  give up  he's right  if he wants me to give up then what the hell is keeping me here  hope  forget it  there is no damn hope 
allllllllllllllllllllllrighty then        let's find something to do shall we? lol
soooooooooo im screwed   but you know im okay with that hahaha  playful 
i'm ready  set   let's gooooooooooooooo  laugh 
text me! its a long 4 boring hours to covina   muchlove love   smile 
im hot blooded! hot blooded!!!  wink  hahahahaha
home sweet home smile 
my wife is the bestestest   smile  smile  smile  -<propfemale>
"'if i die young bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river at <propfemale>, send me away with the words of a love song, the sharp knife of a short life\well i’ve had just enough time'"
"'i know it makes no sense, but what else can i do, how can i move on when im still in love with you' _the script_"
grr  i hate job hunting 
'we must become the change we want to see' _gandhi_
"1)econ w  crews 2)alg2 w pires 3)eng12 w bishop 4)spanish2 w fabian 6,7)digitalphoto w tovar"
yay for good moods!!!!  smile  smile  smile 
"well i have a list now  \yay for       greenish-yellowish pumpkins!! new friends!! good moods!! awesome music!! and football season!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yayayayayayay!!!"
<propfemale> navas cusator and me smile  blue&gold scrimage tonight   smile   i like football  im pumped 
mood of the day? mellow  slightly out of it 
last day of summer  sad  fail 
senior year  woooooooo
yay for my own car!!  laugh 
\you think i'm pretty without any make-up on\,b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d,crack my cookie 
i miss having lunch with my boys sad      thats what i get for takin a class at bhs
"algebra 2, spainsh 2, lunch @ bhs, rop photo smile , spanish 'tutoring' smile  smile , deep conversations    i'd say it was a pretty peachy day smile   "
i  love  piglets!!
grape pickin' in the mornin'
wow its only sunday on a three day weekend   oh man i hit that wall  and hit it hard lol go dogs!
3 <propfemale> autobiographical essay    due friday  fuuuuuuuuuuuuun 
remember december baby     smile 
i want my frickin voice back!
vma's baby!!!  wink 
puuuuurty weather smile  cant wait til it get cold enough for sweatshirt tho smile 
"i'll remember december\and how it split my world in two \i'll remember december,\how about you?"
complicated  hate that word 
questioning everything  
thats why chs boys water polo is #1 smile  6-2 win over bhs  playful 
i kinda sucks when you find that urge to talk to someone but then remember that they're the one who doesn't want to talk to you  
thanks to glee's <propfemale> spears episode  i'm done with the male gender   wink 
those eyes  
\a <propfemale> for my thoughts oh no i’ll sell them for a dollar\,b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d,"'my voice is only one in a million, but you ain't takin that from me'"
<propfemale>'s challenge was amazing smile  i openly accept her challenge  love 
4 shots and a re-opened heart wound was all i got from that doctors appt   
oooooh hollywood glam smile  haha awesome theme!!
pumpkins for sale!! on ashlan between <propmale> and dewolf! across the street from <propfemale> elementary! come on out and get your pumpkins for halloween!  laugh  laugh 
clovis vs east        o o we'll see what happens
"its gonna take a long  long time to move on, im doing all that i can  i just hate losing people  whatever, its my own damn fault "
"please,put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights    93% of facebookers won't copy and paste this,? wear purple tomorrow to honor the 6 teenagers bullied to death, because of their sexuality  ?"
 love  purple  love  wear it tomorrow!  laugh 
9 inches sad 
latino conference! good day smile 
"my life consists of the following:family  love , friends  smile , popcorn o o, and music  laugh    hahaha"
"'cause i have so much love for you\do with it what you will\and i have nothing more to prove\say to me what you will'"
"wooo footbaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllll   pumpkin selling tomorrow, then shopping with dubin (teehee), then babysitting 5 lil ones!!! oh snap!"
"funfunfun weekend smile  smile  new friends, awesome party, best halloween so far! good way to start the week smile "
sooo many pictures!!
a key sized bruise looks strange   just saying haha
rediscovered my love for hungry bear cookies today!  laugh  oh how i missed them playful 
sadies tonight! my mom can ruin my entire day except for that!!
fun night!! we'll have to redo our pictures tho haha
sadies was a blast! <propmale> critser thanks for having fun with me!!  laugh  hahaha
hungry bear cookies!! smile 
\boy, she don't need you and she don't need me\b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d,"high on life? hmm  not quite there yet, but i'll be so happy when i can say that and mean it with all honesty   love "
"'a <propfemale> for my thoughts?\oh no, i sell 'em for a dollar\theyre worth so much more after im a goner  '"
woot woot math hw for <propfemale> cusator and analytical essay for mwah   yay 
done!!!
"'i see you drive 'round town with the guy i love and i'm like forget yooou\i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough, i'm like forget yooou'"
ooooh my gosh the thunder is literally shaking my entire house!!
ah snow smile 
clouded 
burlesque was amazing! kels and i had so much fun smile  its always the swing talks that get me  haha
i wonder how much more we'll go through before we just give up  
wooo! i forgot how good it feels to work out smile  smile 
"you're right, it is a two piece night  hahahaha"
  here we go again 
accepted to fresno state
i  love  random shoe boxes with mixed up old photos smile 
stop the sneezing!!!  annoyed  annoyed 
¿qué estoy pensando? quiero hablar con <propfemale> chico  quiero ser feliz con él  quiero que el fin de semana 
'wellllllll bust my buttons!!'
'i dont think we practiced the razzle-dazzle' -boo boo smile 
the little things smile 
absent 
im starting to realize that im a very teritorial little sister 
"we don't get the snowy white christmas, but hey i love rain smile "
why do i bother?
whats the point in being honest  when no one really wants to hear the truth?
yay for sleeping in english  
'sometimes  i guess there just aren't enough rocks ' -<propmale> gump
oooooooooooooooregon!!! ducks!
boo   sad  poor duckies
<propfemale> yeah  today sucks  just saying
"uncle <propfirst> \hey miya are you still in high school?!\""\",b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d,watching <propfemale> on my ipod during rop entertains me smile 
"\babies and little kids don't like beards\"" hahahahahahahaha"""
yay for being done with the budget project!!!
mr crew's farewell  'i wish you guys good finances   and crap like that' hahahaha im gonna miss his sarcasm
excited for a busy busy saturday! grandpa's 100th bday party then winter formal with my bestfriend smile 
make-up is off  curls are deflating  heels are laying on the floor  dress is back on the hanger  i'd say winter formal was a success smile 
'don't wake me  'cause i never seem to sleep enough when it's you i'm dreamin' of  i don't wanna wake up' -skillet
i  love  string cheese smile  smile  it makes everything alllllllright
"nothing a little food, music i can sing along to, and pool cant fix smile "
wanting one thing can be very different from doing the right thing  
"sooner or later, this chapter is going to end "
"\own up to the cup\""-kels"""
musica  love 
precipitation!!!!!!  laugh  hahahahahahaha   \\ <--my windshield wipers
i  love  the <propmale> show & precipitation smile 
i love my inlaws!  laugh 
"it's a relaxing, mellow day in the ubick house hold    smile "
fantasy factory!! laugh  is coming baaaaaaack april 4th!!!
"\you’re my favorite hello and most hated goodbye \""\",b99604926c314cf1aa871e828769cf4d,frankenstein may just be the death of me   why must it be so wordy??
extremely successful friday night smile 
"mom: \shouldnt you put something on to keep you warm?\""\",c1445ef363aede460f4cbc310aa77994,tune to ktla (channel 5 for many)  there's a police pursuit of a suspect driving calmly and following all the laws of the road 
