631aae65bd604091e5fd1d8d6dc47565
",,oooo,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, many people will walk\,,,(,,,,),,,,,oooo,,,,,in & out of your life,\,,,,\\,,(,,,,,,,(,,,,),,,,, but only real true? friends,\,,,,,\\_),,,,,,,),, ,,,,,, will leave footprints in your heart\,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,(_ ,,,,,,,, & memories that you will hold locked inside forever ? ?"
going to brother in laws w family  going to have a good day!
join swagbucks and use my referal code
weeeeeeeeeeeeee aint life full of trick and mean surprises?!
"why does it seem like your afraid to tell me the truth? ya, itll most likely hurt but i can get over it & respect you for being honest but instead you avoid me & build my hopes up & let me fall & that hurts but it makes me mad @ you to the point of regret "
"looking for a job around my area   things i can do, ill even stuff envelopes, do dishwashing, light cleaning  im good at filing and organizing  just want a dang job, is that too hard to ask?!"
"let's see who truly reads my status     you and i wake up in a police car together  using four words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on your's as well  be a good egg and play along  ( 4 words are harder than you think)  pass the game along     "
my hubby turns 38 sunday & he starts a new job today! yay hubby! hope things go well for him 
"hope this week goes fast  well my ole man is a year older, has a job & likes it, <propfemale> joslin  is getting married this week, my father in law gets a yr older saturday & my hubbys & my little social gathering is sunday! cant wait! seeing i cant be in fl for <propfemale>s wedding- congratulations!"
what a week its going to be! happy trails everyone!
its going to be a good week   i hope i pray 
there are people out there with good hearts with honest intentions but the only one i trust 100%  is jehovah my lord!
"yuck! the weather station says its to rain on sunday with warm temp but im not happy with that  i have my little party so mr  rain, can you go away for the summer? give us sunshine instead, please?"
night 
rather go to the meeting in the morning than do what i got to do but @ least i get to bake cookies in the evening for my party sunday  yall have a good weekend  cnt wait to hear bout jessicas wedding!
allergies are kicking my butt   so tired  been cleaning up from the little gathering we had last night  i hope my guests had fun 
stay by these things for by doing this you will save both yourself & those who listen to youü 1 <propmale>  4:16
your heart must prove to be  complete with jehovah our god by walking in his regulations & by  keeping his commandments as at this day ü1 ki  8:61
sick & allergies     not a good combo 
"hey guys, check out virgin mobile’s phones & plans at virginmobileusa com  if you buy one of their phones, make sure you activate it online and enter my kickbacks code: \klogvdfh  that way we’ll both get 60 minutes of bonus airtime as soon as you add $20 to your account! thanks!!"
starting to feel better again so hoepfully weather stays nice and i can go out in service again-got drenched last time lol 
electric companies are a trip in a bucket! they shut off our electric when they were suppose to shut off the apt below us  now just gotta wait for who knows how many days to get all this corrected   oyi!
praying that the rest of the week stays nice  had a good day so far  hope everyone else does too and if its already a bad day then i hope it gets better 
whoever does not receive the kingdom of god like a young child will by no means enter it ü <propfirst> 10:15
"i waiting for my rebate   so exited to be able to get a few things done with that money, our cats aint going to like me after this though, they need shots and pongo has to get neutred "
"see, the lamb of godü <propfirst> 1 smile 6"
"this is my son, the one that has been chosen  listen to him ~ <propmale> 9 smile 5"
now i know i really an blonde- i got to the store to buy milk & bread & when i get there i remember that i forgot the foodstamp card!
"saturday july 2, 2011 ü he kept sticking to jehovah ü 2 ki  13:6"
"sunday july 3, 2011 ü i, for my part, shall rejoice in jehovah ü ps  104 smile 4"
"monday july 4, 2011 ü this crowd that does not know the law are accursed people ü <propfirst> 7:49"
"tuesday july 5, 2011 ü a man's enemies will be persons of his own household ü <propmale>  10 smile 6"
jesus obtained an everlasting deliverance for us ü heb  9:12
"sat, july 9, 2011  you   appear righteous to man, but inside you are full of hypocrisy and lawlessness ü <propmale>  23:28"
go pirates!!!
having an mri today then seeing dr after so will be in the burgh all day  hit up the cell!
yay! my mri was good & a tumor that my dr has been treating has shrunk some & i dnt have to go back for 1year! im siked!
hubby watching his 2 new movies & im on couch with a book  i think after having a good day i might retire early  i might get my new phone tomorrow & if i do then i can start taking & receiving pictures & upload new pics of my boys too!
oh my! just found out  that someone in ca was trying to hack into my account & thats why ive been locked out 
"ok ppl need advice  keep in mind that i do not have a bank  i was given a refund throught moneygram in the amount of #83 and it was given to me via cvs  well cvs wont cash it neither will the post office, walmart, shop n save or giant eagle  not i posted a complaint to monetgram but they still have not gotten back yo me  any1 know how i can cash this? i totally got screwed "
what a day!
better than frezzing and all the snow!
"drs today the going to be with ny son ti sometime saturday! yall have good weekend, try to stay cool & hydrated "
im trying to upload pics from my phone but they arent going thru & i dont why but im very mad bout it 
so tired so bored bad cramping
taking a nap  if ya wanna bs hit up the cell (like any1 will txt what a joke) 
lol ur getting on fb? you dnt do that 
"humana humana hummmmmmmmmmmm  goodness im bored, well off to the dr to get clearance for surgery "
lmfo! ever hear what d i l m  stands for? guess    
"august should be a fun month   drs, graduation parties, weddings, baby showers, conventions   my son, davian, turns 5 on the 16th  then sept 1st, i am having foot surgery "
its alright   its alright  alright   she moves in mysterious ways!
why dont you take me to    funkytown   why dont you take me to    funkytown    why dont you take me to    fuuunkytown!
going to michigan next week! leaving the 11th cant wait  my 1st asl jw convention! im excited! if you want to go pls get ahold of me for time & days  it is free 
traffic stinks man!
tgif! now lets rock with the weekend!
"fb friends & family, i am selling 2 cell phones  1 for cricket & 1 for virgin mobile  take a look at the photos & if interested, pls inbox me or txt me  thanks  really need the money & hope to help someone "
"thursday, move here faster! i cant wait to go to michigan!"
ok i know im stupid  punched a glass window with my left palm  got glass stuck in it so im now ¡ hsp 
will be in michigan til sunday evening for jw convention  have a good weekend everyone!
just blank
"convention attendance- friday 1,300, saturday 1,500, sunday 1,531"
its mommy week  post the date of when you became a mommy for the 1st time  mine is 4 17 02 
just remebered one of my all time favorite songs since i was a kid but cant post it due to me being mobile but its <propmale> <propfirst>= (everything i do)i do for you  just a touching song & i love feeling the instrumental solo 
wow these are old favorites  <propmale> & cher-i got u babe  cher-believe 
"its a bother on the mind  ppl will go spreading chain letter junk saying god is testing us  yes he is but just by saying you belive in him or by sending mail but everyday by our heartfelt actions, words, ect  read the bible ppl & do what god says if you really belive! concider every move, thought & word you make next cuz it might be something thatll hell look good upon "
"my love is off to work  welp, goodnight morning fb "
yeeeeoooowwwwwwzzzzaaaa!
shoping running errands more shopping cleaning   bad rotten mood and bad tummy  let alone 1 of the kittens tore at my shoulder last night cuz i tried to clean him  he needed it! he pooped on himself!
getting stitches out today & going away for saturday & sunday to be with my son  get my left afo monday & hopefully my oven fixed 
davian starts all day kindergarden semptmber 6th! im so pround of my lil big man and the parents that are raising him 
got to go home sunday  sad  i hate when i have to leave my son  it was nice being with him but it goes too fast   welp the good thing bout going home is that ill be with the other man i love~my hubby!
"oyi got to clean this apt  2mr starts a new week(but the ending of august!)  but surgery next week on the 1st  had fun with my little big man this weekend  yall have a good week now, ya hear  lol"
everyone has someone to love and love them back so never frown for you are never alone   smile
its a great    day    to be alive  i know the suns still shining when i close my eyes   
"who actually reads my posts? let's see who reads this entirely    leave me a one word comment that best describes me, using the first letter of your first name  it can only be one word  then, copy this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word and not copy, that's not fun"
am i the only one who didn't feel an earthquake?!
"ahweeeeeeee umbumaway lol idk not sleepy but tired, does even make sense to anyone? lol e playful lain it to me pls "
help i cant sleep! my joints hurt too much and i aint got any medicine!
"so i just woke up  no, i didnt drink but anyway when i woke up i got the mothership of my migrains & its baaaaaad  so im sorry if im grouchy "
a little better just so exhausted & tired from the bordem of being alone 
"going to try to get real sleep  my head feels like it has over a billion bass drums pounding & the light in the corner is taunting me, egging them drums to beat harder  go away you massive mothership migraine! pls jehovah, ease this pain to help me sleep so i may be refreshed to do you will "
feeling like im in a deep dark grave & there is no way to escape  my escape is faaaaaar way in an uncharted kingdom yet to come   oh how i <propfemale> for that day of escape of freshness 
wow thats enough songs for me today lol  i love going down a good memory <propfirst> 
have a good day peeps  keep pushing forward and i will too 
i think hurricane <propfemale> is trying to turn the east coast into part of the movie day after tomorrow  now that is a scary thought 
my cousin's pug got loose and is lost in rochester on deer <propfirst> ext  she squeezed out of her tags  her name is <propfemale>  pls call 724-72 surprise 863 if found or seen  she is a very much loved dog and missed by her family   thank you
im 10 weeks and craving pumpkin rolls!
"mmmmmmmmm! this pumpkin roll is delicious! but my mother in law, <propfemale> bolt, makes it the best!"
bored  cleaned all morning  tuesday got study then gotta pack  staying overnight at <propfemale> altdorfer's house wednesday night then surgery thursday 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
hehehehehehehehehehehahahahahahahahahhohohohohohohohohoololololololololololololo   just   cant   stop!
"oh i <propfemale>ooo full! hubby made bbq chicken on the grill, mased potatos and cream corn  <propfemale> good!"
team illuminate! all the way!
"hey my friends or family near me, im looking for sweatpants to have that i can wear in rehab over a cast  i like large or xtra large(more room)  or any shorts or pants that i can have to cut the left leggin off(usually size 7  smile   pls if you have anything i need it by wednesday before 5pm  thank you"
