d683b82bf369a13cd3ee70f7c0e1d19a
"just real glad to be home     had alot of funn, but tired, cold, and bored   had a wonderful holiday season with the fam     but just real glad to be home "
?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????
"i stubbed my toe, it hurts "
"90 percent of teenagers would have a breakdown if miley <propmale> was standing on the edge of a 6 story building add­­ this to your profile if you are the 10 percent yelling \do a flip!\"""""
watching <propfemale> degenerous: here and now    it is soooooooo funny!!!
"discuraged     who knew seahorses dont make good pets??  1 )  they r really e playful ensive, like $50-$200!!  2 )  they need really e playful ensive saltwater tanks!!  3 )  they dont sell them at petsmart!!!"
"i am (maybe!!) getting a seahorse if i can keep the (time consuming) saltwater tank running for, like, 6 months!!!  i am watching \finding nemo\"" fo inspiration!!!"""
ahhhhhhh     summer   blaaaaaaahahahaha!!!!
"y would anyone come to here to vacation??  i really dont understand     if ur goin on vaca, go to disney world or some place fun!!  ya know what i mean!!??!!????"
cha     needs money     still 
around     yeah 
still here     sick-ee
around   la la lamb   te te te-rex 
"it is <propfemale> hot!!  and i dont know y, but i am drinking hot coco!  but it is real tasty, and i havent had it since winter!!  but it is making me hotter!"
around   thinking i should be doing something   but i dont wanna right now   so there 
i am eating a very yummy salad     mmmmm! y r there lil red dots under the word mmmmm???
"ahhh, cheesy scrambled eggs   "
"i should be cleaning my room right now   but it isn't messy, it just has a bunch of cloths on the floor     oh, well "
sleepy   
well     i am a fantastic cook!!  just ask around     i am cooking some funky desert thingy yumyum!!
watching the incredables     hehe   smile 
not excited   not that i should be or anything 
"shouldn't tarzan have a beard???   i mean, he was raised by apes, and they have furr all over!!  the least he can do is have hair on his face   "
i have the most annoying sisters in the whole wild world!!!  i have decided that i am now an only child   
it is raining i hate the rain 
i am leaving
"spent independence day with 17 children, and 7 adults!!!  not funn   "
"my sisters are such babies!! they r 8 and 10, and they still cry when i have to do there hair!!!  whaaaaaa!!"
"i have to have surgery!!!!  yeah, real surgery!!  i cant hear good, so i have to get tubes put in my ears!! (but u cant really see them!)  first they r gunna put me to sleep!! (not permanently)!!!  it will take about 10 hundred hours!!! my mom says i have"
on this neat website     swaptree     bored!
it is going to be a boring day    love   until pple get here   
ima up wayyyyyy to early 
"leaving tomorrow  getting ready  i should be more excited, but im not "
home from michigan adventures   i got my picture taken as a flapper with c 
"i am seriously thinking about black hair     or at least a new color     red?  i am just bored     with my hair, that is!"
bored   i need something to do   
"dont know what to eat, not really hungry "
"<propfirst> is mad at me again!!!!  shocker   he overreacts, all the time!!!!  jeez   omg, he makes me so mad!!!!"
my sister is being a brat 
"off to someplace, i dont know where "
thank goodness she just left!!
visiting downstate   whoooooooooooooo!!!!  funn!
bored 
it is late 
i think lax is a weird sport   
" , , ,"
"just woke up, like an hour ago   but i went to sleep at like 12 "
cant wait till tomorro     gunna be funn   but i gotta get up early !!!
" , , , , , , ,,    , , , , , , , , , ,, ,     ,,,,, , , , , , , ,!"
found a dress to wear to te wedding   
we need a forrever 21 in the grand travers mall   i got a really cute dress and jewerly   any vointeers??
"i ate my first vegiterian burger today, just for fun   it was very tasty, but i don't know what it was made of   mmmmmm      love "
v is a butt!!
i am going to destroy <propfemale>!!!  she destroidd my room while i was gone!!!  there is glitter everywhere!!!
i chased our stupid fast dog a very long ways!!!    ugggg!!!  ima sooo tired now!!
we found the cutest cat in out barn!!   she is sooooo thin     u can feel her bones popping out    but she is adorable!!
i am going tubing   
school clothes shopping online 
just got home from my doc app 
"had a super duper fun time at the dance!!!  i didnt think i would, but i did!!!  even though c and s left early    love "
today is another cleaning day   yawn    love 
"i hate camping!!!  it is official!!!  i hate sleeping on an air matriss that is a foot away form a freezing cold downpour   escpesially when someone (me) thought that they would be sleeping in a camper, so i did not bring more that one sleeping bag and one pillow   omg, i could go on all day!!!"
im home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11  yay  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ppl left at 5, and there still not back yet    babysitting is sooooo not funn   and is is like, 630"
"surgery tomorrow!   no jewelry, not make up, and i cant wear cloths under the stupid hospital gown   i dont want to do this at all "
"my ear hurts soooo bad!!!  i am seriously crying!!  i hate the tubes they put in!!!  but on the plus side, i can hear   "
my ear hurts so bad   but i have a doc app today   
"havent gotten a new computer yet, but we got a new printer scaner copyer faxer      i copied my hand!!"
getting excited for the party this weekend!!  its gonna be funn!!!
what time is the open house??  anyone plz answear!!
"my schedule is: 1st hour burtch, 2nd hour kangas, 3rd hour burtch, 4th hour prielipp, 5th hour bechler, 6th hour case, 7th hour burtch   any classes with me??   cant wait for school!!!!"
its here!!!!!!!!
whooooo!!  party!!  havin fun!!  whooooo!!
"finaly, a new computer!!!!!!!!!!!  happy as a clam!!  weird e playful ression, cuz clams dont seem really happy     oh well!!!!!!!!!  whooooo!!"
half day tomorrow
9 11   
<propfemale> is here!!!!
say hey i love u is a good song
"hates dishes!!!  what is the big deal if the arent loaded exactly perfect?!????!??   nothing, thats what "
so that we may make a sequal   
our dog is gone all weekend!!!!!!  ssad now 
"feeling great!! in a very fine mood, even though i may fall asleep befor i make it from the computer back to my bed   "
its a small world after all     lolhaha
wait for mee smile   lol
wants a cell with a full keybored 
"wants to go to a new school   no offence to my fellow classmates, of course!  but i am really bored at bcms   i doubt thats going to happen though "
im sick 
k is ove r
<propfemale> is over    know who that is <propfirst>????
mad at <propfirst>   
sickishhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  case u were wondering
boring day   its raining   im hungry   i have nothing else to complain about 
"not allowed to say what im feeling at the moment   yeah, i said not allowed   so i guess i have nothing more to say  mad   happy   conflicting, i suppose  you know what, nevermind yeah, im rambling while im typing, i know!! lol   love   smile  pce "
"mom and me got in a fight   im madd at herr,"
i really should be cleaning right now   
math 
school was awsome today!!!
k and j r over     funn!!!
sleepy is my favorite dwarf at the moment!!!
"sick today   but tc west gets the rest of the week off!!!!  yeah, i cant believ it either   it makes me madd "
watching trick r treat     creepy     lol!!!  but it is twice as funny as it is creepy!!!
tomorrow will be a great day!!!  i can tell already     wait for <propfemale>  smile 
"well, today was wonderful!!!"
"abskk got to id effop,lelelele, wawawawawaaaaa, <propfemale>, celly,  nothin else to sayy   enjoy"
"y am i up at 8 oclock in the morning???  oh, yea,  because i am used to  getting up earlyer that this     dont like it at all "
had funn todayy   bababababababaaaaaaaa   
"we made a big ol pile of leaves, and then jumped in them!!!  ur never to old     !!!!  oh, soooooo funn!!!!!!!!!!!!!  but i hav leaves in my hair now!!!"
yawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnn
"our dog got porcupine quills stuck on his <propfemale>!!  i feel bad cuz it must hurt, but he wont let us get them out     aww !!"
happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
c is a banana  a is a vampire  v is wonder girl  me is   
is the movie zombieland any good??  im thinling of seeing it   
saw the coolest costume!!  it was a baby curious <propfirst> monkey and his owner dad    the man in yellow??     idk his name   but is was the cutest coutume!!!  i thought of <propfirst> right away!!!   love 
"im bored out of my mind    love   oh, well!"
copy this into your status and see how people rate you; 1 sad razy - 2:i'd marry you - 3:talkative - 4 annoyed arcastic - 5 sad onceited - 6 sad lubhead - 7:moody - 8 laugh umb - 9 annoyed poiled - 10:mouthy - 11:random - 12:hot - 13:funny - 14:fit - 15:amazing - 16:tough - 17 sad ute - 18:bf gf type - 19 playful layer - 20:the best - 21:god fearing - 22 annoyed mart - 23 annoyed oving - 24 annoyed oyal - 25:trust worthy - 26:fake - 27 annoyed piritual
"will someone plz tell my mom that im am old enough to go to madrid alone this summer??  its on ly for a week!!!  and she say i am to \nievve and gullable\""!!!!!!!!!!!"""
omg!  <propfirst> now says that im not old enough to go to madrid alone this summer because i left a bowl on the table!!!  yea   i apperently do that all the time 
"nighty night   dreaming about spain tonight!!  i still cant believ i haf to wait til the summer that im 15!! oh, wellllllll "
"my stupid ears hurt soooooo bad   went to the docter today,  and the doc hates me!!!  its not good when ur doc hates u     keep this in mind next time u have a docter like mine!!!"
"today is the beginning of the rest of my life,  every day is, though     so its not really great at all   even though it sound good   now math homework   yeah   ugg "
eatin pears   
"made banana bread     no sugar, so i used powdderd suger   not baking powder, so i used three ten as much baking soda   tastes sorta     gross "
mad at my siblings 
ugg 
made this <propfemale> french!!  dont understand a woorld of it   
i suck at pushups!!!
any 1 wanna c twilight with me
mad 
goimg to mall  c new <propfemale> with <propfemale>      smile 
new <propfemale> was awsome!!
math test tomorro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   got to study today     ugg 
"talkin to jamesy,  haha   will watch gossip girl, tonight, maybe house     bored   "
i want a new phone!!  someone lost my old phone!!!
"washington dc,  not in washington???  who knew??"
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!
"last time i heard that, i fell off of my dinosaur!!  omg !!  funniest movie ever!!  step brothers!!!"
"went towilderness crossing, i roead mechanical bull!!!!!!!!!!!!"
over already?!?!????    sad 
"ahhhhh, <propmale> is over!!!  tomorro we st<propmale> our new enrichments     i have no idea where to go?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!  anyone know???"
someone (u know who u r) kept picking me up in the lunch line today!!!  it was annoying     haha!   love  u holl ~!!!!
i???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
"oh,  had the funnest day at today!!!!!!!!!!  yea,  \chuuuuuuu never know!!!!\""       aahahahahahahahhahahhaha!!!      love  that quote from the brilliant     hahaaaaaa"""
math homework    i cant wait till i dont half to go to school any more   i really cant    baaaa humbug 
! hou u compris ce que j'ai dit!! qui signifie tellement pour moi!
im going on a hunger strike!!!
snowwwww dayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"another snowday      oh, i am sooooo mad!!!  y do we have another snowday???ugggg!!!"
loves putting glue on the back of her hand then peeling it off!!
"ok,i we all get our rooms clean by the time mom gets home from work, we getto go to the mall!  but my lazy sisters better get to it!!"
done with my stupid math hw   glad the quiz got moved to thurs     im not ready!!!
wait  for  <propmale>    haaaa     love  this wonerful dayy    smile 
"rented \inglorious basterds\"" from movie store   ima watch it now   """
raman noodles   nuf said 
"i want a pen pal from prison, but mom says no!!!  can u belive that!?!?!?!!!!????!!"
making cute lil xmas cookies
going to the mall tomorrow
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!
<propfemale> is making me mad 
wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy!!
"srry to erbody who tried to chat w  me in the past hour   i kept facebook open, but  wasnt on     plz dont thnk i was inoring u "
i had a dream that i got sued for assulting someong!  that is so not like visions of suger plums!
wants to see the <propfemale> and the frog!!
"leaving fer downstate monday   happy   but to tired to sound as excited as i am, <propfirst> though im just typing "
"watched <propmale> potter     it is so confusing   i really dont understand!!  nothing to do really     oh well,   smile )"
had sooo much fun at the cabin!!!
skiing tommorow smile   im excited!  but that is the only reason im excited for tommorow   uggh     school   sad 
listening to savage graden     they r good   
some people r so suprising!!!
excited for saturday!!  and tomorro!!   so happy!  haa love 
singing a solo for choir tomorrow   im scared   im singing 'get way from my window'  really really nervous!
y r ppl posting colors??
now i get it!  orange    smile 
goin to mall tomorrow!!  with <propfemale>!  happy!!  i am gunna learn to play an instrument to!(hopefully)
"home, bout new phone!!  i also got the professional cloths i needed for solo and ensamble   fancy cloths are much more e playful ensive that normal cloths!!!"
"o, ive missed txting     i need everyones number!!"
"i need everyones number, cuz i am putting <propfirst> in my phone     mine is 231 871 1419"
listening to 'your love is my drug' for the first time     its ok  smile 
to everyone this is an important message!: stop joing clubs on facebook! when you join groups on facebook the other people in that group can look at your profile and all your information! it is now the newest way for pedifiles to come and kill you at night  for yours and others safety dont put yourself in danger by joi   ning stupd groups on facebook! (repost this or they will find you)
abbys crying because her foot is asleep
"just home from mall, got new shirt, jeans, sweater     all from areopastle     happy!  love "
just got a new tv     and this happens now   when i really should be studyin     so unfair!
procrastinating still!!  anyone know any good studying music??  lol
watcing friday the 13th!!!  ahhhhh!!!
"ppl need to stop telling me that i cant hear!!! just because i turn up the volume on my tv does not mean that i can hrear it!!!  it is me, and my ears     so i think i would know if i couldnt hear!!!  u would not!!!   jeez   "
is any1 else goin to school <propmale> ??  im not     shooby is stayin the night!!!   love  u shebly!!   smile 
listening to less than <propmale>
hehee     im so happy     school tomorrow     not happy any more    sad 
watching saw     ahhhhhhhh!!!!
went to the wrestling match with <propfirst> yesterday!!!  then to the bball game at frankfort!!!!!!!  haddd soooooo much funn!!!    love  u shellyby
just bought a suit for the incentive thing     happy     less than <propmale>!!   love 
idk what that was all about   
"i won at scrable!!!!!!!!   omg!!  ive never one at scrabe!!  and i was playin against my mom and sister!!! whoooo!!!  but v is cryin cuz she lost      sad   but hahaha, mama!!  cuz refix is a word!!!    smile    love "
im now obbsesed with <propfemale>!!  i love the song we are <propfemale>!!!!!!!
rented a midsummer nights dream     ???
history of a boring town is the very best song evar!!!!!!!
"ok, so im watching the super bowl thing, and im pretty sure i want the guys in the white shirts to win     go white shirts!!!!"
yea!!  gold pants won!!  saints     i dont know y im happy about this      smile 
"im sick, and im very angery about that "
"i just got a pet mousey!!  his name is hamilton!!  i saved his life from my vicious doggy      i found them outside 'playing'  (but really griff was being prteety mean to him, but not really on purpose)  he is soooo cute!!   love   smile "
"im moving!!!!  sorta     i am going to take all of the junk outa my bedroom, then ima put it all back!!!!  sounds like fun, right?!?!?!  it will be!!"
y wont they lett me go???   sad 
"teenage dreams in a teenage circus, runnin around like a clown on purpse!  who gives a crap about the family u come from, no giving up when ur young and u want some!!!  we are <propfemale>!!!  by <propfemale>!!!  best song ever!!   love "
reading ivanhoe     yyaaaaawwwwwwnn
"listening to the song cowboy casinova, and runnin round the house with my hands in the shape of a gun, pretending to shoot stuff!!!  lol, most fun i had all day!!  lol love   smile "
yes!!!!  we might be doing the music from glee for the pops concert!!!  i love that show!!!  i love the music on it to!!   love   smile 
"blame it on the girls who  know what to do, blame it on the boys who will blame it on you"
i live for glitter not u
"went walking with my momma one day, when she warned me what people say, live your life until love is found,'cause loves gonna get you down "
"played card with my family     i lost as usual     ugg!!  lol, ad funn anyway!!   smile    love "
i wish i coulda gont to the game with <propfirst>!!  ugg!!
just watched the end of the last house on the left     ahhhhh!!!  it was super creepy!!!
<propfirst> is here!!!!!!!  yea!!   love    smile    laugh 
it has been a super fun weekend!!  had a super fun time at <propfemale>'s party (thnx <propfemale>!)  and today is my birthday     a big ol thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday     ahhh     but now i have some history homework to do   
haha     'joining the east side yoga class'  lol  funny movie
"gosh!!  i need to know how to unblock ppl from facebook!!  they should make it more self-e playful lanitor, is it possible?"
"i hate math   i think i always will     im gonna be a hobo if i get old, so do i still need to know algebra??"
"y did mr  burtch give us homework on thursday!?!?!  we always have more than a day, and its a whole vocab sheet!!!  i just finished, but im not happy about it!!!"
"i must stay up until two am, cuz thats my lucky time of day   "
"had funn at om today!!  and the mall was amazing, lol <propfirst> and <propfemale> tried on prom dresses, and it was sooo funny, they looked beautiful!!   love "
"at shelbys!  i found my phone charger, so i can finaly use my phone again!!  listening to the song lollipop by <propfemale>,  love  love "
"ok, i finaly get online, and no one else is!!!  ugg, do u ppl hate me or somthing?!?!?!"
"repost if this has ever happened to you:  you are talking to your friend, then u think somthing, but then he she says exactly what you were thinking, and then knowing in ur heart that you are truely best friends    love "
best band ever = sterero skyline!!!!  best song ever = heartbeat (by stereo skyline)   love 
the one person i rlly want to talk to isnt even online!!!
"?  this is <propmale>, copy paste him on  ? every comment you see so he can   \\ take over facebook __??????? ??l??? ??l?*?? ?????? ???|?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?|"
u were on three minutes ago          but not now?!!?  uggg
zebra gum    smile 
going to the play tonight!!!!!!!!  anyone else?!?   laugh 
just got back from the play!  had sooooooooo much fun!!!  ahhahahaaha            laugh 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen "
im listening to <propfemale> and <propfirst> fight            hahaha    its kinda amusing     
i know i've been mistaking but give me another <propmale> & know i've been changing 
i just got into a fight with facebook   some things were said       im sorry facebook!!
"writing my speech for keber          ohmygod, this is rlly not fun        btw, i suck at writing speeches             just sayin "
"i know i have been mistaking, but give me another <propmale>, and know i have been changing "
just got back from the movie store      rented sorority row        i will watch it once it gets dark           haha
"i went for a jog today!!  well i walked alot to, but still, i went to the store, and i bought gum      "
i cant find the right emoticon to e playful ress how i feel right now            laugh    smile   sad   annoyed   playful   those all work great!
at kristas!!  whoo!  mall tommorow       love    smile 
"i just deleted over 600 pictures from the computer         most of them were from stupid ppl doing mass uploads from their cameras, without deleteing the stupid pointless picture first!!!  it took a verry long time to delete them all btw "
"thinking about how i should have written my short story for english aloooooong time ago       but im stupid, so i didnt, so im typing it right now           :["
"i bought a new top today, and they forgot to take the plastic thingy off!!  i cant wear it until i go back so they can take it off, bc it will look like i stole it, wich i didnt      so im mad!!"
is it just me?  but i dont really want any1 to name there baby megatron!  i wud hate it       haha
thhhuuuunnddeeeeeerrr storms!!!  i love them!!  laugh   i reeeeally feel like running around outside right now          haha
"i cant fight this feeling anymore!  haa, i love this song!  its my favorite!   love "
watching the masters!! funn!!   smile 
"had a great day!  some ups and downs, but everything couldnt be better now!   smile "
chat is stupid!!!  i will not opennnnn!!!  ugggg   sad 
going to grand rapids for the weekend it will be so much fun    smile   love 
"i just got back from grand rapids, i had so much fun, but im excited to go back to school  smile "
just got back from golfing      had fun  laugh 
eating strawberries smile   it is so super nice outside      i will eat a few more strawberries then jump on the trampoline     good day today smile 
"i just made a formsring thing and my username is just abbylafferty      creative, right?!  haha i dont know exactly how this works yet tho         laugh "
listening to 99 red balloons   laugh 
"mom and <propfirst> are gardening,  i should be packing for canada, but i dont want to right now     we r leaving tommorow, im excited!   smile "
"just got back from canada!  i had so much fun!  <propfirst> pan was amazing!  btw, canada is full of semi trucks, im not joking   all the food we ate there was horrible, but i dont care about that it was fun, exept i have been in the car for like 10 hours today       smile   cant wait for school tommorow too!"
cant wait until tommorow!!  partayyyyyyy!!!!  it is gunna be awesomeee!!   laugh 
just uploaded the canada pictures  smile 
last night was so great! ( smile 
"we just got a puppy!  i didnt even think we were going to get a dog, but yeah we did, she doesnt have a name yet, i think it should be <propfemale> or somthing cute like tht, mom thinks it should be <propfemale>, and v thinks it should be <propfemale>       smile   im happy"
"i know i didnt know her, but i think about her every day, and i cant beleive how much this has been affecting me  i know she will be greatly missed, and i only wish i could have gotten to know her "
"today was amazingg, i had the best day ever, i was at the nmc bbq, and it was alot more fun than i thought it would be, i actually had a blast!  then came home, and i watched breakfast at tiffanys, and it was just a tottaly great dayyy( smile  it doesnt sound tht amazing, but it was   laugh "
"i say that from now untl the end of the school year, (18 days or somthing like tht yay!!), it is going to be nothing but awesomeness all the time!!   laugh "
"i am so excited!! im staying the night at shelbys tonight so we can work on our science project, and phantom of the opera is on thursday!!! yaaaaay!!!!!!!!"
"i must be going crazy, unless im already there, in with case, i must be going 'normal', with i think is wayyyy worse than going crazy   and tht makes sence if you think about it    laugh "
talking to ppl u havnt talked to in a long time and catching up and stuff is the best feeling in the whole wild world!!   smile 
"<propfirst> made a scene in subway and in shop n save!!  hahahahhahaha, we r working on our science profect, and it is gunna be awesome!!!!!   laugh "
"american idol        a disapointment this yr again       i wanted <propfemale> to win, but noooooooooooo      this is what i get for not voting       smile  hahaa"
im listening to i say a little prayer smile 
"its amazing how much people change in one year       usually, it is in a good way!   smile "
the familyyyyyy is hereeeee!   smile 
our fridge hasnt had so much food in it since the day after thanksgiving!!   smile 
i give philisophical advice
pateraaaaaaaaaaaaayyy!!   laugh 
"well, this has been the worst day ever "
had the best time ever at michigans adventure!!!!!!!  wooooooooooooo!!
im just really mad!!!   now im the crazy overly sensitive one for trying to do what we r suposed to?!?!  it seems like i am the only person who cares that there are some waaaaaaay worse things that could happen if we break the rules now  ughh
"i want to go to the beach!!  i know its not exactly a super awesome beach day, but the only thing i could find to wear this morning was my swim suit!!!!!  haha  i am all ready, i even put on sunscree, and the sun isnt even rlly out      ugg    sad "
cant sleep 
"dogs r so funny, right now, griffin is just sitting in the middle of our big driveway, lookind donw it     i think he is waiting for <propfirst> to get back from fishing!   smile "
"at my gramma cindys house, i really want to go to the flushing fair, and i can walk there from here, but my mom wont let me!!!!!   but im still havin a great time!!   laugh "
i wish i was in tennese right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i feel like <propmale> with a <propmale> is like a soap opera!!  now i have to wait until nxt week to find out what happens on <propmale> and chads date!!!!!!  ugh, i need to know now!!!!!   smile "
"tireeeeeed   went to the drive in last night, and the movie was really good, but i wish we can go tonight to, bc i want to see toy story 3 reallly bad!!!!!!"
i cant wait for the future
"i really want to go on the wheels for wellness bike ride thing, but idk if i can ride my bike for 8 <propmale>!!!!!!!"
"i helped an elderly man find whipped cream at the store, so he told me to go to his farmers market thing to get free peanut butter fudge     i feel happy   smile "
"yay!!!!  its not to late!!!  anyone else who wants to, you can register for wheels for wellness before the event tommorow!!!  im doing it alone, bc no one else can, but im still super excited!!!   laugh "
"so tommorow morning at 930 is the wheels for wellness event   it is at the <propfemale> village park, and all the money from the registration fees is going to help benzie area families in need   i am only going on half of the 16 mile ride, so im only going to frankfort, and i will stop there, bc 8 <propmale> in enough for me!!   smile "
"super excited, i cant sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
getting ready to go biking!!!   smile 
"well      i did it!!!!!!!!!  i made it the whole entire 8 <propmale>!!!  im at the frankfort liberary right now, it took me two hours to het here tho  smile "
"watching the original mummy with borris karlof, not the guy who plays the newer mummy: arnald whatever      smile "
the trail we blaze       smile 
the best match thing is stuuuuuuuuuuuuuupiddd             
fireworks in beulahhhh   haapy 4th
"cleaned out my desk, and i found a bag full of stuff tht ii have been looking for for years!!!!!!  haha"
"i hate when guys take pictures of themselves with there phones , without there shirts     they look stupid "
"watched silence of the lambs today      it was sooooo scary      im stupid, bc i coose tht instead of hot tub time machine, witched looked funny, and not super scary and sick like the silence of the lambs                             annoyed "
suuuuuperrr excitedd for this weekennd!!!!  itll be fun smile 
"excited, i cant wait!!!!  ahahahaah!!!!!!  yay!!   laugh "
veritas inlustrat
i hate when swimsuit tops have underwire      i think it looks weird 
"went kyaking with <propfirst> today (not fun, got rained on)  but then we went to the mall, and tht was waaaaay more fun, watched <propmale> with a <propmale> and i knew it had to be <propfemale> the whole time!  haha"
had a pretty horrible day so far nd its not even over yet      great
haappppppppy!!  and excited!!!  laugh 
"who is moustache montgumery?????  plz, im serious, anyone who knows    ??"
"mall later, right now watching friday the 13th with court      smile "
tirrrred     and i cant sleep     annoyed    my ears huuuuuuuuuuuuuuurt!!!  idk what to do    but ouch   ughhhh  annoyed 
excited!!!   cant wait to go down state smile   yayayayayaya!!   love 
"back from downtownn with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale>     so fun, got honked at three times and some kid i dont know wrtoe he loves me thru the window of a and w      gotta love flushing!!   smile  hahaha"
shark week!!!
sooo excited for the deroit tigers game on thursday smile 
"excited, with my cousin <propfirst> peelin peas smile "
"at my cousins house, in from swimming, but my ears huuuuuuuurt soooooooo bad!!!   crying "
leaving tommorow i cant wait to go home!!
"some lady trying to sell me something in the mall told me i look like nenit yayeb      she is a forign actress     i think she jus wanted me to buy the dead sea skin care <propfemale> she was selling      well it worked, and i bought it smile "
"serial killer in flint, and im in flushing     omg"
happier now      smile 
cant sleep :
worst day of my life 
i have cried so many times toda i really feel like i cant cry anymore   
"just got back from the beach, so fun!!!!!   laugh "
and koo koo <propfemale> choo they find their way back to the big ol' blue
"been toubing all day, tired smile "
"isnt the same, and its a good thing smile "
cant wait for <propmale> potter weekend!!!   smile 
school shopping online smile 
"with s, watching sherlock holmes smile "
worried 
"home from shopping with my mama, had so much fun!!! (happy?)   laugh "
"i accedentaly dropped an icecube, and our dog <propfemale> went nuts!  she loves it!  haha smile "
watching funny face smile 
tacos for dinner smile 
going to see the other guys smile 
i love i love <propfemale> reruns smile 
leaving to go to shelbys smile 
hates this months rollingstone cover!
"bored to tears, so im making cake"
just watched degrassie     omg
going to the fb game tonight smile 
home from the football game smile   so fun!  shopping tommorow smile  smile 
"at grandmoms house smile   havin fun, but a little bored now that <propfemale> left):"
happier now smile 
i wish we had an h&m):
"1st-choir case\2nd-envi sci block\3rd-earth sci kinnan\4th-history lootens\5th-algebra seymour\6th-computers zickert\7th-english stonge"
"for 24 hours straight, you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) now i dare you to post this as your status and see what questions you get  smile "
"excited for school, love it!"
way to wide awake smile 
"woke up early to watch the waves in frankfort, then breakfast at a and w, then slept and read for a few hours, now clue with my sisters smile "
my neck hurts bad):
"just getting hit with the fact that summer is really over   it feels just as fridged as winter, and as <propfemale> as fall, but its technilay still 'summer' but we have to go to school, wich i hate high school by the way      so, great day!!!   laugh                not"
<propfemale> is so annoying
painting smile 
"listening to the music for <propmale> mis, dont know why smile "
football game tonight smile 
"horrible day so far, and i dont e playful ect tht it will get better "
knows all the colors in italian
want to learn to play the guitar      needs help annoyed 
guitar strings broke):  now im borrrred
doesent know what to write about for her essay       annoyed 
i cant wait for laterrrrrr!!   laugh 
"watching charade, best movie ever!!!!!!!!"
hahaha charade     again smile 
"someone got on my facebook             oh well (for now), warching <propmale> holiday!!  lovee this!!   laugh "
" smile watching breakfast at tiffanys      love this move, best ever!!!!!   laugh "
could watch nothing but old audery hepburn movies for the rest of her life and be perfectly content 
is waiting patintly for mom to put new strings on the guitar    
tired falling asleep yawn nighty night sweet dreams good night now another yawn 
watching breakfast at tiffanys     my guilty pleasure smile 
because you believe in me 
working on her english homework     ughh
watching titanic smile   i love this movie   
im so frustrated!  my sisters are so annoying!  d:
<propfemale> better win americas next top model!!
captain planet!   smile   i miss that show
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse and copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
back from the concert      woo hoo 
"back from veras bbal game, had fun, i made a big sign tht said go lakers too!!  and      they won!!   laugh "
"how do ppl know already if there is a snowday tommorow??  i wnna know, but im afraid tht if i find out i will be dissapointed     ignorence is bliss!"
watching breakfast at tiffanys     smile 
i hateeee whennn peoplee addd extraa letterrrs tooo the endd of theirr wordss!!!  whyyy do theyyy dooo thattt??  idkkk 
getting new ski boots today  smile 
leaving for the cabin tommorow so exctited                    laugh 
"its a new year, dear  wink "
"making a very hard decision   ive gotta figure this out, but i dont even know where to start      i am so confused   but i know the only thing that will make me feel better     breakfast at tiffanys and mulan, accompanied by cheddery popcorn and ice tea     ahhhh"
class rings are nothing but stress 
solo and ensamble today     ahh
watching rugrats   laugh 
im curious      how much time do some people spend picnik-ing their pics?
today sure went downhill fast    
oh mon dieu!
i have had the worst day     
you can always depend on normal human reactions      how to steal a million smile 
moi je joue is a really good song   laugh 
"saw gnomeo and <propfemale> today, lol loved it   smile "
skiing today!!   laugh  yay
"post this as your status & see what u get (inbox only)\red: i used to like you \grey: i wanna be friends \purple: i wanna get to know you \black: i wanna kiss you \            pink: i like you \yellow: you're cute \white: i wanna see you more \gold: i wanna be your valentine \green: we should chill \indigo: i miss you \blue: i'm tryin to make u minesee more\\just curious, is all      smile "
hello? i'm stuck in the elevator with someone who sucks all the air out of the room by complaining about <propfirst> beiber  send help or i'll be dead within the hour 
watching <propfemale>     smile 
ehhh     im not ready for this       annoyed 
blueberry smoothie   smile 
ahhhh  cant wait for tommorow  laugh 
"<propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>!"
going to franks memorial later     sad 
what is the meaning of life?   42 
i hate statuses that are just a little bit too personal    because i really dont want to know    
it is just like ice cream!  laugh 
why am i trying to kill time?     i dont have any time to kill   trying to write an essay on the cold war   ughh
"\you may have a few angels watching over you today  it's as if someone or something is clearing a path for you right through a difficult situation \""  that is the first thing in my horiscope for today      i think it is refering to out choir trip tmro!  or it better be   """
"\im only me when im with you \""  wow   thats sad     what happened to all tht \""be yourself\"" stufff that people are always saying?"""
i hate michigan
watching jump city seattle      this stuff is so amazing
i got my permit!!!   laugh 
"i just woke up from a nap, and im feeling very disorented      whats today?"
watching how to steal a million  smile 
some jerk flipped me off while i was driving today!!
i stayed up all night with mikayla bevis and <propfirst> <propmale>!       and slept all day 
"is kinda happy that the weather has been bad lately because of all the people who are getting back from awesome vacations, now have to come back to the crappy michigan weather     hahahaha!"
