12404177d036da5c758f729e190a3261
i am so excited   today i am getting new carpet installed
i am getting excited for my trip to chicago this weekend   christmas shopping on michigan avenue  yay smile 
"recovering from yesterday in chicago   it was so pretty up there  now that i am in the spirit of christmas, my family and i are decorating our home for christmas today   after that is finished i think i will need a drink  wink "
getting ready for a busy couple of weeks   the count down till christmas has begun!
we attended reilly's christmas program tonight   all the kids were sooo cute   tomorrow night i'm going to a christmas party at  alexanders steak house for my husbands work   that should be fun   no kids smile 
feelling very blessed this holiday season   
i'm spending the day baking cookies with my kids   lord help me with patience smile 
happy st  paddy's day to all of my fellow irishman  wink 
"a true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy, your car makes funny noises, if you only have $5 00 in the bank this week, or that your family is not perfect   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky    33    minutes ago · comment ·likeunlike write a comment   "
i had a wonderful day with my family   feeling very blessed!!!!!
what an awesome day of dance   ddp dancers rock!!!
getting ready to leave for reillys  dance competition this weekend   good luck reilly wink   go ddp!!!!
good luck to all ddp dancers and tumblers   have a great weekend wink 
ddp dancers   you were all amazing this weekend wink 
dress rehearsal went well   can't wait for fri and sat recital!!!!  i'm so proud of you reilly   best of  luck to all ddp wink 
awesome night!!!  2 down 1 to go    wink 
very tired   after a great weekend with reilly's dance recital   we had a full day today with my good friend <propfemale> (reillys godmother)  who came up from texas just for reilly's first communion   what a good day wink 
happy mother's day!!!!
"if your mom is your hero, your best friend or just the best mother ever, whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and love her dearly! ?"
getting excited for st louis     good luck ddp!!!!!
"we had an awesome weekend in st louis   i am very proud of reilly and all of ddp  reilly's group had her first platinum and 2 high golds with 2 first overalls   all the kids did such an amazing job   ddp, you rock   can't wait to start all over again wink "
"what a way to start summer vacation   reilly has strep with a fever,  headache and  stomach pain   grrrrrr  let's hope it only gets better from here sad "
everyone is feeling better   and summer has begun   it  was only the first full day of summer and i am exhausted!!! it's amazing how kids can have that affect on you wink 
reilly is very excited for dance tomorrow   she can't wait to see all of her friends   it seems forever ago!!!!
"crazy thing   last night <propfirst> i and took the kids to a drive in theatre in galva ,il to see marmaduke and date night   it seems we drove right past the tornado storms as we passed storm chasers   it was a little <propfemale> but turned out to be a great night   imagine my thoughts as i read about the tornados in peoria (call us funnyor completely oblivious)"
looking forward to a long weekend   i hope everyone has a safe and happy 4th!!!!!
my busy day got interupted   kelsey has been running a fever of about 102 0 and is sick to his stomach!!  it was really weird   out of the blue we were running errands and all of the sudden he started to get sick  it might be a long weekend sad 
"well it's official   one child on the mend and now reilly is running a fever   it just keeps getting better  let's just hope <propfirst> and i stay healthy, we don't have time to get sick sad "
sooo glad to be back at dance   reilly was super excited about all of her songs   it was funny to listen to her all the way home   should be a fun year wink 
"at age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16: mom doesn’t exist  at 18 annoyed he’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish    i could ask my    mom about this  ? post this if you have or had the best mom in the world  ?"
had a really good day with my hubby and the kids   went to the rock and gem show this morning (where reilly and my husband were very excited) then took reilly to a birthday party   after that we ended up at wildlife prairie and walked the trails  what an awesome day! wink  have a great week fb friends!
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you're safe at home   in the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom   it's military appreciation week     repost if you're in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate our troops!!"
today is going to be a good day   happy hump day fb friends!!  wink 
"god bless you lexi   we have all been truely blessed to have known you   spread your angel wings, you are finally at peace!"
"god bless you lexi   we have all been truely blessed to have known you  spread your angel wings, you are finally at peace!  sending my thoughts and many prayers to the helfrich family   may peace be with you    "
after a long day of running around   get home to find out that my daughter has a fever of 102 6   looks like it will be a long night!!
"omg   for the 3rd day, reilly still has a fever (mild grade now) but it is still there!!! very frustrating   "
"woo-hoo   5 days later, a doctor visit and a bottle of amoxicillin and alot of tylenol   reilly is finally fever free!!!"
had an awesome day shop hopping with steph   came home with some fun stuff!!!! ( hey steph remember don't talk to him) ha ha
very excited   taking reilly to see <propfemale> tonight at eastlight theatre   love the theatre!!!
today my baby boy turns 4 years old   happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong & drove me crazy @ times  moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever  put this on your status if you love your mom whether she's here, or in heaven    ? ?  i miss her every day!!!"
"i loved you the minute i heard your heartbeat  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you, and to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around       outside of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life!"
i'm very excited   heading to downtown chicago tomorrow for annual shopping trip   i hope the roads are good!!!!
"finally home   good friend, lots of shopping and lots of laughing = an awesome day!!!"
feeling very blessed and loved!!!!
"snow day, snow day,  everybody loves a snow day!!!!"
woohoo   another snowday for tomorrow!!!
the sick bug has landed   reilly has a low grade fever and not feeling very well  sad 
woohoo   reilly did her backflip tonight!!!  lets hope it keeps getting stronger smile 
banana wink 
so excited   going to schaumburg tomorrow to shop!!!
had a fabulous day  of shopping   sooo much fun and lots of goodies!!
