dc155e4a9515031220130199a7fe0270
i was just curious    i am not yet impressed 
i apparently never post    lol  i just found out about facebook lite (http annoyed  lite facebook com )  there is much less chatter about games and gifts and awards and fish and pretzels  it's quieter and more peaceful 
is about to wath the pixar shorts  i am so excited     seriously geeking out  i need to get a life  lol!
"for some very odd reason, i spend more time on twitter than on facebook (@jtanner28 for you twitter fans)  it doesn't make sense  facebook has pictures and games and is full of people i know and like  twitter is like shouting into an empty barrel  i guess the <propfemale> amuses me  i think that i prefer a social networking site where no one ever responds to me  is there such a thing as an \anti-social networking\"" site?"""
"i am slowly being dragged into the gravity field of facebook despite my natural anti-social inertia  i woke up today, got a bowl of oatmeal, sat down at my computer, scanned over my immense list of bookmarks and chose for the coveted day-opener <propfemale>    facebook  don't tell any! it would ruin my reputation "
"i just downgraded back to linux mint 7 (which i love and will never leave again)  however, a funny thing happened on the way to the downgrade: my computer now speaks british  seriously  the keyboard layout is set up for english (british isles) and i don't know how to change it back to god-fearing-apple-pie-eating-star-and-stripes-red-blooded american  (continued in comments)"
tweeting from gwibber in ubuntu 10 04 lts    somewhat cool
is going to eat chinese food and then on to a funfilled night of <propfemale>'s got talent 
"is upset that the afore-mentioned fun-filled night of <propfemale>'s got talent was interupted by an epic-recording-fail due to operator error     btw, i have kidnapped the remote control  if you want to see your precious remote again, leave a bag full of unmarked sandwiches in the mailbox    the chinese food was good though "
"is extremely agitated with himself!! i just went from a whooping great lead in an online poker tourney to placing 6th    it only paid 1st to 5th!!@!!  i terrorized the tables for an hour and then turned into a donkey in two hands  that, my friends is called a pokerfacepalm "
just got home    it's 12:41 am  sixteen hour work days get old real quick 
just made a high score on the wal-mart blood pressure chair game! 145 93 stage 1 hypertension achievement unlocked!
is having fun playing with facebook apps  there is a lot of neat stuff on here 
grrr! argh  wells fargo is about to lose a customer 
"is super excited to get xkcd as a tab on my profile  i guess i can do that with any fb app, but i just noticed it "
"is kind of embarrassed about not sending responses to fb messages  i don't really have an excuse  so here is the list of people that this half-hearted excuse for and apology this is directed to: <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  talking to me is like talking to a three year old: three minutes of frenzied random conversation followed by an afternoon of chasing butterflies    i'll catch one of them some day!"
is slightly less miffed at this last poker sit-n-go: 3rd  i ended in the money and completely on top on the hand that i busted out  92% favorite  i had jacks with and ace kicker and a dry board  he had 10's (middle pair) with an ace kicker  i had been bullying him out of pots and he was tilted and loose  i would have won but he caught one of the last two miracle 10's in the deck  damn the luck 
got up late  boooo!!! i was hoping to get out and mow the yard under conditions that did not require a radiation suit and a geiger counter  oh well  lobster red is a good color for me anyway 
archaeological fun fact of the day: dinosaurs don't like butter 
"(e raised to the power of (pi times i)) plus 1 = 0  if that doesn't cook your noodle, nothing will "
"there is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and ine playful licable there is another theory which states that this has already happened  -- fit the seventh, the radio broadcast of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
a  simple math problem: how many squares of all sizes are in a 3x3 square grid? (answer: 14) 4x4 grid? (a: 30) you get the picture  now derive a formula for for an axb grid where a and b are not necessarily equal     now e playful and the formula to x dimensions! the first derivation is a good exercise  the second one is torture!  smile 
ok so that stung  i just lost a cool million on wsop poker  misread the turn  i am now down to 1 22 million 
"is going to the doctor this afternoon  have to have my cholesterol checked, my blood pressure checked, possible kidney stones, upper back pain due to thoracic arthritis, probable plantar fasciitis, issues with concentration and memory    and something else    getting old sucks "
"busted out of a single table sit-n-go poker tournament last night in 3rd place  i had queens, he had 5's  the flop was 5-2-5     quads for my opponent  i typed into the chat box \that's no way to treat a pair of ladies!\"""""
"if there is such a thing as facebook, is there a facelibrary?     can a brotha get a <propmale> decimal system here?  smile "
must stay home from work tomorrow and take care of my girls    
"there is simply no justice in the world! i just found out that bacon is bad for me  it is apparently created whenever a salt molecule and a cholesterol molecule fall in love  curse you, cruel cruel world!"
is getting the jitters! i have been facebook-less for almost 9 hours now  our network at work was having a bad hair day 
"and angels descended from heaven and granted <propmale> a job! can i get a hallelujah, my brethren? f#@k it, we're celebrating! i'm thinking steak and lobster    (please excuse the profanity, but it was seriously called for in this case!)"
is flying higher than a kite! the good news just keeps rolling in  it's the anti-friday-the-13th  i somehow reversed the polarity of the fields!
is being tortured from the inside out today   sad  working from home 
took his shot at a <propmale> tournament and didn't make it  boo! there's always next year 
updating my facebook through the wii    really slow   
