da44d33badb0fd2c57d023b2e3208b93
is boom boom poww!
going to rochester for lunch!  call text if you're around the area and wanna join  laugh   laugh 
is currently watching thunderstorms and eating strawberries  love 
listening to mj's music    unreal 
just a rebel to the world with no place to go    
please talk to me sensually on msn - it's nursingcutie@live com
woke up @ 3 surprise o pm today     fml
who wants to buy me an ipod touch? holler  hahahah
"happy birthday to an amazing roomie friend sister   love you!  happy 21st, <propfemale>!"
"just lost everything in my computer: pictures, files, music, documents of 6 years    fml "
i need cheap plane tickets   anyone with answers?
traverse city today!
sand in lens    goodbye camera   i'll miss you     sad 
currently craving swirlberry
sick of waking up at 6 am   
"<propfemale> arbor tonight, grand haven tomorrow   woot woot!"
"who knows an easy online course (msu) that i can take? other than, pkg 101?  let me know!!!"
can't sleep when needed to wake up early the next morn   why??!! why must i be so difficult     sad 
is limping     hate moving   tripped and fell   now with a swollen foot  sad  clumsy to the <propmale> 
misses turtle     sad 
"i guess my time is up   i'll miss you, east lansing   "
i need more gmail friends   
nvm  sad  no chicago 
i miss college    i wanna go back to the dorms      sad 
back in mi       crying 
i wish i could skip work like i did for classes    haha   sad 
who is ready for the weekend? i ammmmm! i ammm!
no comment
blowing my nose so much that my brain may just burst and e playful lode and bleed out    ljfdioaufadlkj so frustrated at my own body! argh
came to work this morning to discover two sets of speakers hooked to my computer    finally! blasting music @ work     laugh  laugh 
is craving cider and donuts     anyone this wknd?
goals this weekend: 1  go to the cider mill  2   finish organizing my closet  3   clean my desk  4   read  5   go for a run   maybe shopping  laugh 
"is glad that she left the campus this year to avoid being angry     i still love you, msu    just win the next game and all will be forgiven     go green!"
why is allmsu not working???? arggh > surprise !!
basking in <propfemale>     go green
wants a pitcher of sangria      mmm mmmm mmmmm
go green!
is craving pokey sticks?  (gumby's btw   for those non-msu ppl)
go green!
love is in the air
okay   never knew how confusing my status could be   <propfemale> bad!
today is the day!
go green !
anyone with a halo (angel)?  i need it for halloween   
shoulda bought my ticket yesterday  why did i forget? ugh!
happy halloween   go state   please don't lose to minn 
hanwook is my <propmale> 
craving  five guys
no one likes the yankees
"what would i do without you, hulu? i love you "
needs a nap    badly 
why is waking up so difficult this whole week? i wanna sleep in!
for those who are sick of pandora's 40 hr mo limit: slacker com is your new best friend  smile 
can't wait for the weekend already    this week sucks
go green!
ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh
oh well   there's always basketball   haha   time to nap!
looking forward to this weekend to see my loves  love 
became a bit curious about twitter   justtt a little    haha
love my life!!!!
new <propfemale>?
"okay, yea   i'm ashamed that i'm lusting after a 17 yr old     can't believe he's that young! he definitely did not look that young  "
mondays suck 
i'm cranky without coffee     annoyed 
im hungry! i want meat    
just a matter of time   
i hate going to the mall  ugh  is it really that time again?
why are people putting pokemon characters as their prof pic? did i miss something?
do i go with blackberry tour or curve 2? help?
made my decision and went with the curve 2  smile   i'll try not to obsessive!
rarrrr rarrr rarrrrrrrr!
i'm going to miss <propfemale> pak     kiss (
can't take u betches nowhere    mcdonalds hates us  cheers!
"thanks for texting, calling, and writing on my wall  smile   i had a wonderful day!"
weekend!!!! i cannot wait to see my beloved e  lansing   
"who wants to go see sherlock holmes again? i doooo, i dooo!"
"packing for la and thinking about what to eat, do, and drink there   please do recommend below:"
crepes   i want crepes   
hmmm   how many organs and limbs must i sell in order to afford education   ?
go state!
not going to lie   i get violently angry when there's this much snow and when reading hearing people being happy about this    rarrrr
i effin hate snow  hate hate hate     violently angry once again!!!!!
i just let my mom cut my bangs    wtf was i thinking????!!!!!!  jk    i can manage this     
"oh man, <propfirst> yuna must feel sooo much pressure   "
"haha i love typos    i wrote \yay for god\"" but meant \""yay for gold \""  i guess both work     """
can't sleeep now!!
who wants to go see <propfemale> in wonderland!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  yayayayaya
ugh  fell asleep at 8    woke up at 2am   now i can't sleep  sad 
watching house  laugh  laugh  finally a new episode 
can't wait to get home     
does anyone use nike+sport sensor???  anyone?????
can't wait to try out bagger <propmale>'s  laugh  yummy burgers!
"my idea of studying:  take 30 minutes to find northville library, then make sure to spend another 30 minutes walking around the neighborhood to get my caffein fix, then take a seat to make sure wifi is working    then, proceed my usual facebook routine gchat talks   i need help   sad "
wide awake    have to get up in 6 hrs    fml!
can't wait to see the new novi library!!! it's going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!
summmmaaa timeeee  love  i can go for a run outside at 9 pm without a problem   love it! ps  the novi lib was soooo busy     it was really nice 
"listening to <propfemale> <propfirst> - california girls, love this song!"
"journey medley by glee    my life is complete!  i don't even follow glee every week, but holy cow, i enjoyed the finale!"
"i live my daydreams in music\     \ – <propfirst> einstein … and me!"
"due to a single mosquito, i woke up every hour   this has to be the most miserable night i've spent in my room   good thing turtle killed it 20 minutes ago    i had the pleasure of squishing it    saw so much blood, it was disgusting   now, i can go back to sleep in peace   i love my cat "
go greeeen  smile  <propmale> izzo stays!
"omgah 5 days, keeeeel meeeeeeee      not ready not ready not ready : smile  smile ("
yeaaaaaaaaaa yuhhhhhhh!  koreaaaaa  laugh 
i love panera  laugh 
seriously delicious - popchips! yum yum yum!
much needed wknd!  yay!
i wanna play risk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
volleyball    who wants to play????  in like an hour??
nvm   it's going to rain  sad  boo hoo
inception!!!!!!!!
"i love waiting 40 <propfemale> at the dentist office  don't <propfemale>d me, just gonna go grab some ice cream and possibly dinner   ugh!"
i wanna play volleyball!
who lives in <propfirst>???
"yay  love  it's finally friday!  chicago, then lake michigan all weekend - text me if you'll be around!"
<propfirst> mraz sept  16th (emu) - anyone????  let's gooo!!!
"i love you, halmuhnee "
cupcakes     love 
cannot wait to see my yakeley lovers tongiht  smile 
thunderstorms + giant latte + lap top = possible completion of vmcas?????!!!!!
gotta get stuff done      gotta learn how to say no    
trying out aubree's pizza and going to see eat pray love!!  smile 
had too much fun with <propfemale> paolucci and ruchira srini !!!!!!!!! let's do another round soon  smile  love you
don't think i can walk tomorrow    
i am a huge whore!
"words can't describe how great of a friend you've been to all of us   rest in peace, dc  i love you and miss you   i will never forget all of the memories we've shared "
in nyc fr  9 1-9 6! contact me if you're around the area  smile 
"me: \can you stop touching my butt?\""\",da44d33badb0fd2c57d023b2e3208b93,had fun in the city   now goin' back to the d  smile 
"in need of a haircut   please vote annoyed 1   short (like a bob)\2   shoulder length\3   just a trim, layering keep the length\what do you think???!!!! what should i do???"
someone stole my volleyball  sad  i'm angry   
if i was a man i'd have a very small penis
i am a huge whore
go green!
<propmale> is sex
wow    my phone is never safe   
<propfirst> mrazzzzzzz  smile 
go green!!!!!
holy shit!   yeaaaa boyyyy
"finally, it's friday - cannot wait to go out with my girls guilt stress-free!!!"
actually excited to watch glee tonight     it's <propfemale> !!!
arizona peach tea + dove's dark chocolate    yummmm
go state !!!!!!!!
cousins makes me so happy  go state!!!!!!!!!! woooo hooo
"my dad is so weird     this is what he wrote me annoyed ???????, ???? ????? ??!\?? ?????? ?? ???? ?? ??(turtle)? ??? ??????!!! \???   \ \?????!\ \???\translation:  if you treasure your life, don't say a word and do what i say! if you don't, your only child (turtle) will pay the price   ha ha ha   you decide! dad "
who wants to go to the cider mill today???!!! call me!!!!!
"in <propfemale> arbor, rockin state gear, go green!!!!!"
"ok, sorry umich fans   but i was getting so sick of you guys talking negatively about msu football for years and years    now what???!! doubled your score and did amazing   go state!  so proud to be a spartan  smile "
7-0   come on!  go greeen!
starbucks just sent me my gold membership card     it's shiny and has my name on it    yup  smile !
"my blackberry is driving me crazy,     does anyone know how to stop the wireless software update??? it's stuck on this one screen for the past 40 <propfemale>    i need my phone  sad "
after speaking to the technician for 40 minutes    finally got my phone to complete the upgrade     but lost all texts     sad   if you texted earlier    re-text me   i hate technology   technology hates me   this was mentally exhausting 
go green!!! 8 - 0!
yeeeeaaah state! i am sooo happppyyyyy  smile 
"perfect evening: sharing a bottle of wine, pumpkin pie, vanilla ice cream while cracking bad jokes and reading books  smile "
gloomy day      sad 
i  love  halloween
sparty time! go state  smile 
in ohio    sweeeeeet
i'd rather dance with you than talk with you    
i realize how dependent i am      i can't even wake up on time without my phone      sad   now i'm sitting home    feeling vulnerable and sad 
go green!
"\i hope no one saw us blowing hot sauce bottles\"" \",da44d33badb0fd2c57d023b2e3208b93,can't believe how beautiful it is outside smile 
alright   that game was almost too scary    now    go iowa!
"i seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that i've become   "
13 in of hair   goodbye long hair   
flying to miami    nbd   enjoy the snow errbody !!
just saw <propfirst> <propmale>    at nobu  smile 
"back in mi, boooooo   but happy to celebrate <propfirst>'s bday  smile "
"\it's us that made this mess - why can't you understand?\"" - name this tune"""
re-watching step brothers  i freakin' love this movie 
i love penis   
this week is painfully slow    i'm ready for the weekend 
f m l     
i believe it's time for a change   
i'm a big fat slore
i hate <propmale>   
nye plan: <propfemale> fancher bindu manyam <propfemale> paolucci <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> i think we need a meeting asap      !!!!!
is super excited about the weekend   spending time with some of my favorite people     what could be better?   love 
i'm violently angry at my dad for waking me up    i haven't been able to fall back to sleep since 1 am      ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am a slut whore
"thank you for all of the birthday wishes !! it feels good to be spoiled     thank you, thank you, thank you!"
life is good   only always 
i became a slore the day i watched <propmale> jeong's naked body on the hangover  now i am an addict  yum
i need a good movie to watch tonight   suggestions?
using a new phone  smile  thanks oppa! i love it  the best gift of the year
who wants to have a girls night out??? i need to put on something pretty and shake my booty   who's in????!!!!!
watching soccer instead of working    successful tuesday morning
"listening to obama, doing my nails, and cleaning the room    so productive!"
"je ne veux pas travailler\je ne veux pas déjeuner\je veux seulement l'oublier\et puis je fume !"
my computer is acting funky sad  ugh! virus?
snow day!!!!! i'm ready to play in the snow and bake cupcakes  love 
i feel like a fool    insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and e playful ecting different results   
hello music city!
feeling spoiled with une playful ected gifts  love    thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"happy birthday to turtle   she's 3 years old!\side note:  i'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled today    eek!"
"the printer reads \open rear door and push it down\""\",da44d33badb0fd2c57d023b2e3208b93,whoever partied last night and kindly gave out my number to a bunch of boys needs to fess up right now!!
"thanks guys!!!!!!!!! i'm feeling really blessed to have a decision here   and still waiting to hear back from 2 more   i'll announce where i'm going once i hear back from all and reach a decision     but really, thank you for the calls, texts, msgs!"
is upset that she can't get tickets to go see <propfemale>  sad 
<propfemale> paolucci now officially a registered nurse! so proud of you!  we are going to have so much fun  smile 
happy p?czki day!
"delightful conversation with <propmale> lee\me: had to get a brand new tire    sad   a repair won't do   shucks\<propmale>:  really?\what was the reason they gave?\they might have gypped you because you have a vagina\little do they know"
you know what's good?  better made bbq chips   that's what's good 
happy <propfemale> day!
i need to go the bathroom so bad  it's prairie dogging 
