8a1a7fbec5aa6bd2a1bce678d4174ccc
little kids and their movies are always good combos  smile 
why the heck is it raining out!!! isn't it suppose to be winter?
do you suppose i could get a monkey to sing the taco <propfirst> song?
smiling is easier to do then frown  so i guess that means people that frown all the time are in some sort of serious workout right? man i bet working out all the time really defines your cheekbones! lol jk jk
it's quiet       too quiet   
sometimes we think more than we should  and other times we think to little  so how do you know how much to think?
friends are the only family that you get to chose 
~life is a never ending drawing that has no eraser~
don't say you know me unless you can describe my eye color with great detail 
someone who knows me can tell me exactly how my eyes look without looking 
treat your friends like your finest jewlery  keep them shining at their best  remove the grime that comes with life  keep them forever  and never let them become weak and break them 
i love the saying walk a mile in their shoes  becuase once you've walked a mile the poor sucker lost thier shoes    lol
"there will be a day with no more tears, no more pain and no more fears  there will be a day when the burdens of this place will be no more we'll see jesus face to face  -there will be a day by <propfirst> camp"
"reasearch 8 olympic events, then study for science test, then a meeting, then two poems to write, then i have to clean        its gonna be a looooooooooooooooooooong day today!"
"if a strand of cats fur costed $10,000 i would be <propmale> in an hour     lol"
"always smile even if your heartbroken, becuase you never know who's falling in love with it "
when im angry i'm the type of person who will turn on my favorite songs and sing as loud as possible with them until i feel better   smile 
really doesn't want to wake up early to go to a meeting  icky 
 smile  i can't help but laugh my head off when i look at my best friends  smile 
me and my besties make a deadly set    be afraid   very afraid!!!!! of what we are capable of doing!
can't wait to be were its warm!!! smile  course to get there involves driving 20 hours straight    icky  sad  hope everyone has a great spring break while im away!!!
bought a super cute purse today!!!! feeling pretty good  but missing my friends up north terribly!!! going to <propfemale> garden tomorrow with gradma then maybe going to panama city on thursday!!! yipee!!!
no panama beach    change of plans  sad  oh well  going shopping tomorrow and possibly a long needed massage  smile  it's only the begining of he week and it's already going by to fast!
"~best friends are like stars, even when you can't see them you know they're there~"
a picture is worth a thousand words but it takes up 3 times the memory
"found this in my book, \who needs handsome idiots when we can have kitties!\"""""
why is p o w  called problem of the week? i think painfully atrocious work suites it better!!!
"i'm not scared of doctors, dentists or even most strangers    yet i still fear of getting my hair cut bad       anyways my hair is finally getting cut on monday, but what im doing to it im still clueless about  whats your opinion?"
got my hair cut!!!! not alot but enough for me to feel the difference!!!!
"~when life starts to get hard, remember that it will make you stronger~"
"stolz darauf, deutscher zu sein, français, svenska, gaeilge,twee soorten <propfirst> de nederlandse, english, e português  have fun figuring out what this means haha! it wont be easy i can assure you!"
we are all just a small piece of metal called a link  but together we make a chain of beauty 
had an amazing time at the national gaurd symposium!!!!! can't wait till next years!!!
is having the most awesome week with her bestie <propfemale>!!!!! hope we can fo horseback riding on wednesday          love   laugh 
just got back from <propfemale> websters wedding! who's name is now <propfemale> rosendahl(sp ?) caught the bouquet tonight!!! i also caught one at my brother's wedding last year  did some awesome swing moves on the dance floor tonight and is ready for a good nights sleep!!!!
ok i was at youth fest all day with my llama and my 4-h club  and this dude kept coming back to where i was at      he really must of loved the llama's cause' he spent about 3 hours with them lol! and no he wasn't a little kid    he was like 17 lol
has decided that life had better give her chocolate instead of lemons!
i am a bomb technician in disguise    if you see me running try to keep up!!!  wink 
enjoys people who make me smile  laugh 
gaaahhhh  should of got more sleep last night lol! i don't know why but i woke up an hour before i was suppose to!!!! grrrrr  alli stole my sleeping ability from me!!! hopefully my day will be a good one though    
who knew that babysitting could be <propfemale> exhausting! lol especially when you only have a 3 year old    whew glad i get to sleep in tomorrow      can't wait to drive to sumner with rogo!  smile 
will be happily eating at her favorite resturant lucky dragon!!! then driving rogo with another girl to sumner for a baseball game!!! highway driving is the best! lol
had a reeses today    haven't had them in a long time    it was good real good lol      smile 
no more drivers <propmale> homework!!!! now where's that cadbury chocolate that i had been saving?     lol
don't put things off   do it today! it might be illegal tomorrow! lol  wink 
is hoping to see the movie <propmale> of persia sometime this week before it leaves the movie theater 
doesn't have to work the week if fair!!!!!! yah i get a mini vacation!
loves her <propfemale> aunt <propfemale>!!! everything is clearer to me when i talk to her 
if i could type a million  laugh  i would right now lol
anger and vengence is the root of evil  yet why does vengence make you feel better?
is dissapointed with c c 's fireworks this year   i should of <propfemale> to clear lake  either way i saw them with <propfemale> keifer so that made them a little better  drove all the way to cedar falls today and drove around and drove back today after shopping! i'm feeling pretty good about my drivers <propmale> class test coming up soon 
"just got a letter from some dude that has a show on the history channel  it was kinda weird lol  they wanted me to go to a military academy in missouri! their crazy! i'm proud of what my dads done, but i don't want to serve     ever! thank you very much!"
has decided that if she doesn't get a ford montego that she wants a 2010 ford fusion   lol
well went fishing today with my dad out on a private lake in a canoe  my dad had this huge bluegill and bass crossbreed that he had reeled in and it was against the canoe and all  and then this huge snapping turtle that weighed about 15 pounds bit the end of my dads fish and almost got my dads hand!
is extremely happy after having a fun day put putting and biking      laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
was gonna go canoeing today    but it kinda rained  so did some other fun things  overall i had a pretty amazing day!!!  laugh 
today went really well! honeymoon and i had our most successful year together! we won first place in the showmanship and costume class  we didn't do to well though in obstacle    but she's e playful ecting probabally in september so who could blame her     i was lucky to just get her to do some of them 
helped serve 620 people today at my church! thank you if you helped out!  smile  i'm just glad that i don't have to do that every night 
is really tired lol  went to iowa city today and saw my sister   smile 
had a great night!  laugh  hope tomorrow is as good as today 
motivation is not always very easy to find     
drove to ames and back today  had a great time with my family  didn't really enjoy the 6 mile road construction on the interstate    not the most pleasurable thing to deal with lol 
had an amazing day!!!  laugh 
hmmmm     to mow the lawn while its hot out in the afternoon or give up sleeping time and do it in the morning when its still cool out      such a hard choice!
halfway through my honors english homework!
is making homemade pizza dough!  smile 
is having an amazing day  i would rate today a 50 out of 10  laugh 
ipods make it so much easier to drown out the voice of someone you don't want to listen to   smile 
"sigh, why must summer go by so fast? also honors english is not gonna be a favorite subject of mine   i can already tell "
sigh  my last day of summer  school is always so bittersweet you wanna see your friends but you don't want to do the work 
gah!!!! someone sent me a birthday card with out signing it or with a return address! i can't figure out who sent it!
grrrr  my text is messed up on my ipod! gah!!!!!!!! this isn't a good thing!
one month  smile 
had an amazing day with the people i love    my family!
would like to thank everyone who told me happy birthday!  smile 
threw my diabolo 30 ft in the air and caught it today    feeling pretty accompolished   smile 
"has been taken hostage by her bed    don't panic, she is in negotiations and hopes to have it resolved in a few hours      wink "
loved the freshmen retreat 
even if the other side has greener grass it still has to be mowed by someone    
"life is a rollar coaster  it's full of twists and turns  sometimes it goes to fast and sometimes not fast enough, and every once in a while your life gets turned upside down "
highly dislikes transitioning to colder seasons    >(
home sick becuase of laryngitis  bleh       probally won't go to school tomorrow either 
life is just a big blur  if you don't write down what mattered it'll get blurred in with everything else 
is not loving her geometry homework      annoyed 
has never had such a terrible teacher in her life till today 
"loves the little kids she babysits, they are <propfemale> cute and sweet "
"thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods  cats have never forgotten this  -anonymous"
gah! i had to give my dog not 1 bath today but 2!!!! truegreen came and sprayed my lawn and it has an orange color and it got all over my dog when the dew settled!!!! so now i have to mow the lawn tomorrow after school  grrrrr! i should complain to truegreen about not being safe for pets!
moving my dad's huge computer desk to a different room tomorrow    this shall be an interesting feat 
can't wait for her <propfemale> aunt to be here!!! only 4 1 2 days!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
holy fricken cannoli!!! its movie marathon night!!!!! muahahahahahahaha!!!!
cleaning       annoyed 
oh how i love overstock com you can find so many nice things for such a nice price lol
can't wait till tomorrow!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"needs to find this so called \remote\"" to life lol """
"it's brother week!     if you have a brother who has made you laugh, pulledyour hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched yousucceed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made youstrong, and you can't do without; copy and paste this! <propfirst> buehler and <propfirst> buehler"
my llama had a baby!!!!  laugh  don't know what im going to name him yet though     lol
time itself slips like water through your hands 
took a 5 hour nap     life is good  smile 
i've been dreading today for 2 months now    it's finally came and it can only get better from here 
walking around in my new adorable black shoes for my cousins wedding  luckily they are extremely comfortable  smile 
my chorus concert went really well    i wish mr  michehl was still directing the choir though  annoyed 
loves her amazing family!  smile 
is very excited to see her cousin getting married tomorrow! let the party begin!  laugh 
thank goodness my family traveled alot yesterday! bad weather in the south and the west! went through rain last night too      hopefully i will be sleeping in my bed soon 
home!!!  laugh 
no power at the highschool! i think im gonna go take a long wanted nap  laugh 
"everyperson has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  iknow 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
my cat is scared of bubbles!!!! lol like seriously they freak her out    i always knew she was a strange one 
my cat just stole my twisty tie! not cool     not cool at all! lol
hmmm     ebay has <propfemale> many wonderful things! lol  smile 
bahahahaha i just watched a guy test out the 6 levels of a dog shock colar on his own neck!
ugh    my ipod acted up and had to restart it manually and restore it to its factory settings! thank goodness i recently synced my ipod up 
noo!!!! i lost all my awesome pictures on my ipod! gah!
after my cat injured my leg by sinking her claws into in order to pull herself up she's sucking up to me by laying on my lap with her head on my hand  its <propfemale> sweet though!
thinks my chorus teacher finally found my all time favorite performance song! who doesn't love singing in swahilli about december!?
you can't look towards the future if your looking into the past   annoyed 
"spent my entire afternoon using a \temporary vacume\"" to get leaves out of two lawns!! defiantly looking forward to my long and hot bath with my stero blaring!  smile """
music: the only place were you can lose yourself and find yourself at the same time 
"finds it hard that some people claim to be \young adults\"" when they infact act like \""giant children\"" """
is so glad that i only have one test that is gonna require brain power tomorrow   hope my brain won't fry though! considering i have 3 more to do the next day!
so i got a flu shot at noon   my arm is so sore though! i would have thought it would have been better by now     
watch your thoughts; they become words  watch your words; they become actions  watch your actions; they become habits  watch your habits; they become character  watch your character; it becomes your <propfemale> 
mr  <propmale> finally but my final test in!!! 100%!!!! i think i deserve some sort of yummy icecream because of this    lol
is gonna see some little cuties tomorrow after school  smile  can't wait lol 
had an awesome night!!!
"it's nice to be important, but its more important to be nice!"
does anyone know if we have a geometry test quiz in <propmale> tomorrow?
the trouble with the world is that the stupid are so confident while the intelligent are full of doubt  - bertrand <propfirst>
is updating and editing a website     then time to catch a flight on air zzzzzz to my bed! lol  smile 
loves when her cat curls up in her lap and purrs and falls asleep 
my brother has my ipod and is changing my status without my permission
is having such an exciting day it feels like im on a huge caffine rush that wont end!
first my ipod dock starts breaking down   now my ipods earbuds aren't working right! great      not really
dear internet connection you have just been made faster!
well my internet has finally been worked on so that it works better than it ever has before    but the internet can't help me think up an awesome jewlery design for a pendent in <propmale> fundamentals     hmmmm
question of the christmas season      led cool white pincone lights or led color lights that are much smaller? such a hard desicion   if only they had the warm white out last year when we got the cool white    
life becomes a beautiful and amazing adventure once you find all the beauty that is hidden within its imperfections 
has huge cracks in her bottom window due to a stress fracture   peachy! luckily its double pane glass so only the inside pane is broken    annoyed 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood! the goal is to not see a human face on facebook till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse! copy & paste this message to your status to invite all your friends to do the same!"
"just got back from the lady's holiday extravaganza!! everyone enjoyed my cake ( including the servers lol)! also saw the browns family perform, they had my all time favorite christmas song and some awesome <propfemale> celtic music! made my day!  smile "
"chorus concert went well! still wished mr  <propfemale> was directing, but at least he came to our performance!  smile  "
"??cold are the people, winter of life  we tremble at shadows this cold endless night  frozen in the snow lie roses sleeping  sounds that will <propfemale> the sunrise  fire of hope is our only warmth  weary its flame will be dying soon  ??"
question of the night    space cowboys or <propfemale> trek?
after having one of my ipod earbuds not working for a whole two weeks it is finally working again!  smile 
omg i just realized facebook got rid of the status bar!!!!!! this    is   cheap! grrrr >]
for all tumc goers church and sunday school has <propmale> canceled due to weather  the christmas play might also be canceled also  won't know about the play till later tomorrow afternoon
lol im gonna probally end up staying up all night watching the jewerly liquidation channel! sadly i cannot afford anything on the channel     
"dear cold, go away quickly!!! hopefully this won't affect my voice tomorrow   especially since i'm singing a solo"
where did my weekend go!?
read 100 pgs in 3 hrs    now time for me to type up my report
somedays i wish cats could be vacumed just like furniture and floors        
so far this is the my best christmas break ever!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
the original <propmale> wonka!!!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!!!! hopes everyone has a good day!
"according to my brother i just \decapated\"" 1 pound of cheese and its <propfemale> terribly cruel! lol"""
is having a great christmas! got a new camera! which i still need to learn all the functions to 
machine guns in my but! you gotta be kidding me! ( astro boy)
just had a <propmale> cheesecake made by my brother     so very yummy!
so me and my dad got my mom an awesome new dyson ball vacume for households with pets for christmas this year  i must say my dad and i out did ourselves  couldn't help but e playful irement so i tested it out in my living room    lets just say i'm amazed at how much it picked up 
is about 85% done with my honors english project    but im so bored that i can't muster myselft to finish it tonight    
my mother has no idea what my dad and i brought back for her! hehe at least not yet!
picking out 10 topics that interest me is very difficult     this isn't good 
"i always look forward to thursdays, especially when i get to see some of my favorite little kidos   smile "
loves those moments when your brainstorming and your instantly flooded with ideas  smile 
my printer     absolutely hates to cooperate with me! grrrr
play the game  smile 
do not bring doubt upon yourself  for it slowly corrupts your soul  bring unto you what is good and <propfemale> it deeply  learn to rid yourself of the junk that inhibits you to take in all that is good  for it will let wonderful things be brought upon you 
finds it quite hillarious how minutes after stepping out of the hair salon that my damp hair froze!!! lol  smile 
music makes looooooooong night better   always 
first class ticket on airline zzzzz coming up! lol  smile 
is quite upset that cbs cancelled medium    at least they attempted to save it from nbc   sad 
had an insane dream that all the snow melted and that it was warm out and my dad was mowing    lol
is loving doing something that matters to me in the community  just not all the startup work and honors english homework at the same time 
motivation is key    if i'm to get two pages of honors typed tonight    
honors english consider yourself done!  smile 
would love to have a two hour late start tomorrow   
"loves weekends like this  no homework or obligations, just living life how i want to "
well school is two hours late tomorrow    no inservice or early out though 
honors english  annoyed  bleh
i left my computer for less than a minute to find out that my chair had been taken by my cat! resorting on me sitting on the very edge of my chair   grrr
2 more days of chaos     
has wrote 6 pages of honors and still has at least a two pages to do before my project is finished   annoyed 
"when the going gets rough, use what your ancestors gave you "
"over 3,000 words on my honors english research project!!!"
has finished her dreaded honors english project!  laugh 
"the best part about my thursdays: getting to see the cutest kids ever, and that the day after thrusday is friday!  smile "
back to life works! lol my back feels amazing  smile 
this <propfirst> season i'm falling back in love with orchids lol 
can't wait for her two new orchids to be coming in!  smile 
is going to be teaching people how to make homemade playdough     this shall be interesting 
"dear weather, your perfect just the way you are right now  don't change please! lol"
lady gaga's shoulders are pointy!? lol
"is soooo excited for my orchids to be coming in  hope they come in by the end of the week, and yes i happen to love orchids! lol"
found out that my orchids should be arriving tomorrow  will be very anxious to see what condition they are in   hoping both will exceed my current e playful ectations
orchids ate finally in! happy to say that both look extremely healthy and full of potential   smile 
nyquil   makes me feel all fuzzy inside and dazish lol  laugh 
finals! hoping i get a good nights sleep!
ugh    stupid internet can't load a full <propfemale> on the internet 
to shovel now or later hmm   i vote later lol
got 100% on my geometry final!  laugh 
well some how or other the keyboard i am currently using is all messed up when it comes to the number keys? like the keys above all the letters not the keypad  hmmmm  annoyed 
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (in honor of our military members wherever they may be) - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
loves her new keyboard!!!  smile 
"just found this out from my cousin: fyi-while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change "
it is better to be busy than to be bored     yeah we'll go with that lol
my bros cat for some reason really likes petroleum jelly  mine wont come close to it   
loves day's like these 
is so addicted to the <propfirst> hood series on netflicks!!!!
thinks she deserves an award for going through all the family pictures and downsizing them for my grandma's digital picture frame birthday present    it's alot of work!
"has found all the pictures for her grandma's digital picture frame and resized them all! spent 5 hours of my day doing this, now where is my award? lol"
"as long as i don't hurt myself on accident, today will be a great day!"
"unfortunately some days are just better than others, but luckily days don't last forever and new beginnings are always just around the corner "
"absolutely loved her chorus lesson! got to practice my solo with mr  michehl!!! made my entire day! i miss having him as a chorus teacher, dang those budget cuts that caused him to retire!"
smart music ordered for my solo  hope it comes in quickly 
celebrated my grandmothers 94th birthday today  she was really happy we came  gonna go and see her tomorrow morning them rime to shop at steinmart!  smile 
pouring down here in alabama after almost an 80 degree farenheit day  what a great way to spend the day!
"how hard could it possibly be to find a nice decently priced orchid pot? really hard!!! haven't been successful yet! it's quite ridiculous, seriously i've looked all over the internet and through garden stores and greenhouses "
warm <propfemale> beach tomorrow!  smile 
loved the beach   sun loved my where as my skin did not! quite if not almost red in some spots  at least the weather was nice   smile 
gonna make some yummy homemade pie with my awesome aunt  learning how to make good pie crust and not the mediocre pie crust from fcs 
a week ago there was snow in my yard  today there is almost now snow!  smile 
has 6 days till her solo contest! lots of singing to do this week lol 
so i leave on vacation for a week and when i get back my cat demands nonstop attention from me  while the other one is royally ticked at me for leaving her and is avoiding me  well this is nice lol 
today i received a very heart warming gift from an old lady whom i've become friends with  good hearted people still do exist in this world of ours!  smile 
thinks school should be canceled    much rather lay i'm bed listening to the storm 
"grr  brand new microphone from smartmusic decided to stop working for me today     can't figure out why  i haven't damaged it, it's plugged in correctly too "
