68176e5ae8cff78d2813faa9cdb780e2
i promise i'll add a picture when i get home 
i'm home from my vacation to washington d c  it was pretty awesome 
i'm bored w\\ facebook for now    gonna play xbox or runescape 
is going to owasso so <propmale> can go to best buy 
is going to see the new transformers movie with his family 
"sorry about the 2 quizzes evrybody, thought they were fitting for me "
"is updating his status, because it's been a while since that's happened "
is probably going to a friends house    probably 
had ramen noodles for the first time a few hours ago 
had his teeth cleaned at the dentist today  and i didn't have any cavities 
found a cool single-player (but c surprise p enabled) game for xbox whenever his friends aren't online: too human 
had ramen noodles to eat for i think the 3rd day in a row    i think the seasoning has crack in it or something because it's addictive 
is looking forward to next week 
is gonna go hit stuff    rhythmically!
"will never have another energy drink\\shot    ever  <propfemale> potions (equivalent to 2,000mg of caffeine) are way too potent and apparently make me sick the next day    which is today  sad "
wow    dj just hardcore pwned the entire enemy team a little while ago on cod4    he was 60 - 9 using a <propfemale> m40  he said he wasn't even trying    maybe i should stop trying 
just found out that he won the guitar hero aerosmith opening act contest & will open up for zz top & aerosmith in concert!!! this is awesome 
i'm going off to the concert! this is probably one of the best days of my life 
back from the concert  it was awesome 
is gonna check if my aerosmith concert video is up on youtube yet 
is going to go get his schedule for the s word that's about to start again in less days than i want to think of 
*gasp* ac dc's coming back to oklahoma! this time they're at the ford center  november 4th @ 8 pm i wonder if they can outdo their <propfemale> center performance i saw earlier this year    which was awesome i might add 
"claremore, oklahoma    i predict there will be heavy metal thunderstorms here at approximately 12:40 a m   maybe they can get here faster so i can sleep better "
"<propfirst> + dj = cod4 ownage  also, we're in need of a good team doubles name for gamebattles  we were gonna be team brutal, but it was taken  anyone got any suggestions?"
"is doing his senior paper over his disorder  i'm so amazed that there's stuff on the internet about it  i can't believe i'm saying this, but this is gonna be the best research project ever "
day 1 of defcon was disappointing  annoyed \    now it's time to find out what day 2 will be like 
late update: defcon day 2 > than defcon day 1  vendors had cool stuff & i got to show off my guitar hero abilities  i came home with an airsoft p90 ftw!
4 letters: odst
"airsoft p90 > airsoft mp5, airsoft g36c, and airsoft uzi  i proved it tonight at dj's house "
"tomorrow is my drum recital    and i'm excited & nervous at the same time, to be honest  i'm gonna be playing \aliens exist\"" by blink-182  216 bpm = fun fun fun """
there's only 2 days of school before fall break    but those days will last longer than any other days of the school year  and that's what makes them so painful 
"this has been one of the best school days i've had in a long time  every hour had comedy in it (especially lunch), i got a 100% on my history final, and we beat holland hall in academic bowl  i count today as an epic win "
"one last post before i stop  if anyone's interested in coming over to my house to practice the act (my uncle <propfirst> will be here teaching & he made a 35), then comment send me a message do something to say you wanna go "
excited for today!
excited again! birthday party ftw! (not mine  laugh )
"wow  good job, phillies  bottom of the 9th down 3-4, 2 outs with runners on 1st & 2nd and <propfirst> rollins hits a triple to win it 5-4  totally epic "
"also, borderlands comes out tomorrow  it has 87 bazillion guns  87 bazillion  and yes it's a videogame "
holy crap    borderlands is amazing 
i won't miss 1st hour tomorrow! (or is it today at this point?)
i never thought i could have such a great day with such minimal videogames 
get on my level!
"i just realized that i finally    finally  got that song out of my head  it was trapped for over a week, and finally found a way out "
i need to leave reality for a while  it's too frustrating & stressful for me at the moment 
just got back from the kiss concert  it was awesome  tons of pyrotechnics and showiness 
"before i crash, who thinks playing drums after midnight is a bad idea? i'd like it  neighbors & anyone else asleep would hate it    i'm feeling an urge to hit stuff rhythmically while at the same time make awesome music "
"needs to clean up his double bass drum triplets  very important for metal drumming, very difficult to make sound good "
**attention** any person that has contacted me in regards to the eemc needs to know that we will be holding a meeting immediately after school tuesday (that's tomorrow) in room 408 (mr  mcclaren's room)  we will be holding elections and will be discussing dates for our first two events and what will occur in future meetings  to all else: either disregard this post or you are welcome to check out our club 
i just found out that i've been accepted to tu  yay me 
<propmale>'s already said that longcat is loooooooooooooooooooooong  so i will now say that tacgnol is gnooooooooooooooooooooooool 
why is everyone making their profile pics into pokemon    more & more of the people i see posting things are turning into a pokemon  what's going on here o o??
assassin's creed: brotherhood  amazing game  ending? i have no idea what to make of it 
academic team won area  we're gonna win state next 
"thinking about participating in the mr  claremore competition    but i'm not sure what i'd play  i'd play my drums, not guitar hero  so i guess the only real question is what song & whether or not i'd solo afterwards  any suggestions anybody?"
no school tomorrow    thank god 
fun night    i think that our club has officially proven itself to be the most awesome club of all time  eemc ftw
i feel ashamed of myself    i could've done way better at my drums if i could've heard the music  meh  there was no way <propfirst> wasn't going to win anyway and i had fun  conclusion: totally worth it
just got accepted to ou  yay!
"best $1 joke movie ever made: the guy with secret kung-fu  haven't watched it yet, because i'm gonna watch it with my friends "
"thanks to all who've wished me a happy birthday! i have to give extra thanks because it was a good one  a really good one  one of the best, actually  you get the picture  laugh  thanks everybody!"
"i think i gamed for like    10 hours yesterday  that borderlands dlc is epic  oh, and mw2 is great, too "
awesome party  the guy with secret kung-fu may just be the best $1 i've ever spent in my entire life 
i think facebook is inspired by satan    because i swear some of these ads are absolute witchcraft  they practically read my mind 
"got a new phone  it's pretty snazzy  not sure what its fullest capabilities are, but it sure looks cool  oh, and i now have texting  just a fyi if you can't call me but need to contact me for whatever reason "
"yesterday, perfect weather  about 73 degrees or so i think  something like that  perfect for our band practice  today, blizzard  i can only assume below 32 degrees  and a perfect example of oklahoma weather "
visited ou & osu today    very good information towards my decision on where to go to college 
*yawn* bedtime   
ka-boom ka-boom (see song by <propfemale> manson)    gonna be a good band practice today 
really don't wanna take the psychology test tomorrow    no matter how ready i get myself i'll never feel ready enough 
you know what's awesome? not going to school tomorrow  senior skip day ftw
"awesome day \didn't go to school  played castlevania: sotn & some halo 3 team swat  went to el azteca with friends & then went & saw iron man 2 (which was awesome) with them  <propmale> out with same friends in movie theater parking lot  got a great mtg pack with a card i wanted inside  and opened a superawesome late birthday present  why can't every day be this great?"
"airbourne live = best thing ever  opening bands were good  1st one: meh  glister: great  \obtained swag: signed t-shirt, signed cd, & guitar pick  \also i was showered in tons of beer  <propfirst> o'keefe smashed his head against 3 different beer cans until they sprayed everywhere  awesome "
i hate essays  especially psychology essays  especially 5-7 <propfemale> long psychology essays due on monday  especially 5-7 <propfemale> long psychology essays due on monday that i've barely started on 
i got more moneydollars! just got a letter from <propfirst> <propmale> saying that i got the byrd scholarship  yay!
"yes! i get to get out of school at 10 tomorrow! oh and i graduate, too "
"to all people i've contacted regarding laserquest: the date has changed from friday (june 4) to this saturday (june 5) due to a large number of people unable to make the original date \the time is 6pm, so be at my house at 5pm (if you need my address, message me text me) or be at lq by about 6pm  it's gonna be great!\if you were able to go, e playful ect a text message giving you the new date in case you don't see this "
<propfemale> firin my lazor!
"if anyone's interested, i'm heading over to castle today to play some mtg  you should tag along  it's gonna be fun  they even have tvs w  game consoles & comic books if you don't care for magic "
"i enrolled today  beginning russian, calculus i, intro to physics (for majors), and intro to drumset  and yes, i am amazed there's a class for drums "
"anyone who needs to contact me via cell phone, don't bother trying  my phone ran into some water trouble and is currently sitting in a bowl of rice  hopefully it still works  - -"
"update on phone: now back to fully operational status  water damage is largely gone, and good thing the battery wasn't fried "
got wisdom teeth out this morning  pain & holes in mouth sucks  chilling out & pain meds are great 
mtg tournament tomorrow (or should i say later today) at castle! i am not missing this one  nothing will stop me from participating 
"deck worked pretty well at the tourney  needs a little more fine-tuning, though  good advice & criticism from some of the nerds there as well  i went 2-1 before i had to leave, so i'd consider it a good run "
"funny video, coarse language  people who stay in hotels frequently can appreciate this \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hdowzncv-tc\also see more stuff like this on www cinemassacre com"
i just got mail from the czech republic today! yay!
hope everyone's 4th of july was a good one! our last firework e playful loded on the ground  best misfire ever 
transmorphers  robots in cognito 
new laptop
not ready to go to college in 1 week  i like it here 
sleeping in a new bed is not as good as sleeping in your bed at home  no matter how soft the feather bed is 
class starts tomorrow - -
not sure what the worst part (so far) of college is yet  but right now i really wish i had a cat 
it is now september  just thought i'd point that out 
?? ???? ??????   
"this is sparta\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rvyzrsknv3w"
people of my facebook friends list    gimme some songs to listen to  i want to e playful and the number of songs i can drum 
"<propfemale> fans, this one's for you \http annoyed  askandyeshallreceive ytmnd com "
"\ou alert: the usgs has reported a 4 3 magnitude earthquake 6 <propmale> to the east of ou <propfirst> campus  no injuries reported \"""""
they're bringing back nazi zombies in black ops  this is the greatest day of my life
black ops & dead space 2    here's to looking forward to the future for two sure-to-be awesome games 
? ????? ??? ????
what's everyone going to dress up as (if you're dressing up) on halloween?
powerthirst  the energy drink for people who need gratuitous amounts of energy  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=qrunxhqwazs
"to any and all friends who will be in claremore on friday annoyed my band and i will be competing in the best and brightest competition at the robson pac right next to wrjh and claremore high  i've been told we will perform right around 3pm \so if you don't have anything to do after school (if you're still in school), you can come and watch if you want!"
black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops black ops
just played through the entire campaign of black ops in one sitting  totally worth staying up late for 
mono-white lifegain seems to be a <propmale> thorn in the side of everyone at castle  although i did go 4-0 tonight only to lose to blue-white control in the top 8  still a great night    since i pulled koth
dreading the 5-page essay i have to do tomorrow    or i guess technically later today 
but not this day    this day we fight
"happy thanksgiving, everyone!"
*ahem* gentlemen 
i can't believe that i haven't been sick for over a year and now my body succumbs to a minor little head cold sinus infection ear infection  this is so annoying   
i just watched the world of warcraft and guitar hero episodes of south park    my life is complete 
that's right  i'm participating in pokemon picture december
"lifegain or artifacts  what do i play this week? facebook friends, go"
"lol, internet"
"problem, facebook?"
i am back in town!!! skiing was great but i love sleeping in my own bed 
school internet: downloads at 5mbps 
i have now concluded that tuesdays are now the best day of the week (sorry bro)  1 hour of class from 10 smile 0am-11:20am and i'm done for the day baby  aww yeah 
i woke up thinking i'd have to go to class  what i neglected to remember was people in oklahoma are terrified of snow 
dead space 2 comes out in 7 hours!!!
i have played dead space 2    and it is good 
the next calculus assignment i get i'm going to do at the math help center    i shouldn't have to think this hard when there's games to be played  laugh 
ou math help center is easily the best thing ever  from now on tuesdays are math homework days and thursday mornings no longer have to be early!
fire alarm at 3am makes <propfirst> a pissed off college kid 
"mtg: mirrodin besieged day 2! \sealed tournament: unlucky pulls (except black sun zenith) \booster draft: out of 3 packs, pulled 2 mythics (lux cannon & sword of feast & famine)  did alright in this but got obliterated by a turn 3 glissa \<propmale> props to anybody who understood any of that"
i am stuck in <propfirst>  i suppose there are worse places to be stuck but i wanna go home 
"so the packers beat the steelers by a field goal, the black eyed peas should stay in the studio, and the commercials were pretty good as i e playful ected "
ou will not be having school tomorrow on wednesday  just a preemptive strike against the 90% <propmale> of ice tonight and snow tomorrow!
"i've played way too much guitar hero for one man  but that's not a bad thing  i just won a 50\ plasma screen hdtv from a guitar hero tournament """
tuesdays are the best  i have 1 class from 10 smile 0-11:20am and if i'm really tired i can go back to my dorm and nap until i feel ready to do something again 
"at this time of february 24, 1992 i came into this world  now 19 years have passed  i am proud to have been blessed with such a great family who loves me so  i'm also proud of all the awesome friends i have  i am proud to call myself a part of the strain family  i am proud to be a friend to all of you  i thank you all from the bottom of my heart for everything you've done  i'm happy to be alive and 19 years old!"
fire alarm in early morning is bad  fire alarm in the early morning during lol?? unbearable
"there are 4 questions you must ask before you die annoyed who are we?\where do we come from?\do you believe in god?\who let the dogs out?!?!?"
"if you were to have a son daughter, what would you name him her? \to people who already have kids, if you were to have another child what would you want his her name to be?"
"i pose a question to you, my friends: \is will ferrell funny?"
"another poll! my friends, which <propfemale> wars trilogy was better annoyed the original trilogy (episodes 4, 5, & 6)\the new trilogy (episodes 1, 2, & 3)"
just finished bioshock for the second time  that game will be amazing no matter how many times i play it 
"had an awesome time yesterday with <propmale> morningstar, <propfirst> ysk kenrick, <propmale> strain, and my amazing girlfriend hope conder!"
