f9c5cfd8c90f2cf46a686c3642e417bb
dont know when things will go right    until then stuck here in misery 
goin to work later     bored
at school waiting for my test results sill  
got work at 5  = [
sick 
wallet got stolen whith everything in it
sick again  : ( this sucks at least i dont hhave work today!
hangin out with katryna!!!
i dont even know why i siad anything when i knew it was just gonna make me upset  thanks a lot to this certian someone!!!!
just got off work need to relax!!
no work today! im gonna do something adventerous  i cant spell  lol
getting a hair cut but i wanna do something different  and ideas?
"just got back from the movies ,, the stepfather was pretty gay but i still hadda good time smile "
i find out on tuesday     the sex of the baby  smile 
today is the day we find out if its a boy or a girl!!!!!!
its a girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im happy the bf is a lil dissapointed lol
sick  sad 
so hopless for pickin out our baby girls name!!!
happy new years!!!
still havent slept  sad  i hate this part 
so the doc was wrong      its a boy!!!
thank you everyone for wishin me a happy birthday smile 
glad im finished with all my damn homework    now i can relax
my bf got me a carhartt!!!!!!!!!
just got finished doing my online exams for speech   talk about gay! but i did good 
goin to the doctors today lets see what he has to say to me     im hopin it will go something like oh you already started dialating you will be havin this baby any day now!
went to doctors on thurs im a half a centimeter dialated  smile  im ready to get this on way!!
getin ready to take my accounting exam     wish me luck!!!
"school sux    ok only gay classes like computer classes that you have to take  seriously do they not know that kids are on a comptuer at like age 5  i think we know what we are doing, dont need to be taught what you already know! this is how skipping class starts!! lol"
whoot shopping!!!
"<propmale> refuses to sleep in his basenett! so that means we gotta build the crib today, along with the other 15 million things i gotta do  i have no idea how this is all gonna go when i gotta go back to work  sad "
writing my informitve spech     so gay and the teacher i dont even wanna go there only about a month till its over!!
homework     more homework     and then more homework!
homework 
school    almost over    i can make it 
it's so fun arguing with dumb scrub noobs 
first final now     accounting final at 10 gonna whoop the shit out of that final!
frist day back to work   i love working minus stupid ppl that come through the drive through!
very long day at work     relaxin for the night then back to work i go 
at half time checking out once divided 
bout to punch a mutha fucka in the face     
"alls i know is <propfemale> better love all his present for christmas, and make me lots of pretty things!!!!!!"
"going to bed early, and then gonna enjoy the rest of the week off from work  smile "
<propmale> everyone!
go bears!!
"when you get suck going into work on your b day, you know it's just another day"
stuck*
<propmale> all again for the birthday wishes!!
