03bb4c60b503f3728c26b9c13f8c1c2d
cola for bridal bowl weekend festivities
move home    or stay at the beach?
"work, then roadtrippin to d c!!!!!!!!!!!!"
blowing money
irmoville
<propfemale> for interview! ahhhh
last night out in the dyrrrtle!!!! getting ready and watching my gamecocks open a can of whoopass!
survived 1st week of a full-time job  weekend calls for some buzz worthiness 
got the hookup on big south!
long weekend ahead   dyrtle i goooo
"at the office- i ran into a wall  tripped  ran into the wall again 30 <propfemale> later  office depot run- plastic bag ripped on me and stuff fell in puddle  that's just a typical hump day   thursday    game on <propfemale> kinolta aka the \chicanery\"" copier """
should i still be a gamecock fan when i want bama to crush garcia?
has o d'ed on orange juice and is dying for a fat fix of wasabi 
bedtime and its not even 10pm   
tough game considering i love celtics and lebron   
self-destructing w  last minute late night home videos of the good days   
watching my girls last game online!!
about to watch an old teammate blakely mattern the #1 defender in entire sec conf  on espnu!! get it giiirrl!!!
"got sidetracked- looking for a new hairdo, send me ur ideas!!"
best mooovie everr   <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> chrismas kiss my ass kiss his ass kiss your ass happy hannukkah hahaha!!
i woke up this morning and swwwwoooooore it had to be friday    whooo yea!
<propfemale>- seven games?!?!!? really  really?!?!?!
100% ice pellets   aka free day oofff?!?!?!?!
going to panthers gaaaaame to see farve and <propfirst> rice!!!
back to the city
"black eyed peas concert feb 20, let me know if u want to get tickets!"
wishes she was going back to school 
stressickened  ballin' tonite thank god  someone's getting stomped 
last call for black eyed peas concert feb  20!!
pffth  day 3 still can't eat 
saaaayyiiiiiiiddd!!
friends arrive soon and the festivities begin at midnight  sorry in advance to my neighbors 
ohhh life and what it'll do to ya 
ccu mbb on big south network and 2 hours of lost on abc tonight!!!
ccu tonight at 8 pm on espnu!!!
soccer with the boys!!
to not make a decision   is a decision   
one good thing about working for a conference is march madness tv all day right in front of my desk  wink 
"fun day, i was actually busy and got to stop and witness the tigers hanging themselves "
where r u july     
3 months   3 months   3 months        
rollin 'til the wheels fall off 
"ballin in heaven now    rest in peace april, we will miss ur sunshine around here "
dinner with guns then some eagles' action 
attempting to work out before sunrise 
shout out to tiger woods- u're sucking sooo    come to bfinnnn!!
its tough when i've realized it was a year ago i was at the beach w a pack of coronas and now i'm stuck between 4 walls 
thanks to all of yall for the tons of birthday love!! definitely had a great day yesterday!!!
a special mother heaven needs to take on board- forever and always rest in peace mrs  schuller 
noda town and final lost episode before finale!!! calling it now- the twist of it all is there will be another season 
"last minute decision, ncaa d1 <propmale> test in the morning  all-nighter  college routine is back  thanks boss ettes  oh and janny-if you read this, its all your fault   smile "
"6 weeks; 26 days; 208 hours; 12,480 minutes until i'm free fallin"
"in a box watching ccu baseball thats playing only 20 minutes away  and, i work for the conference which is semi-hosting it  ugh  fml "
30 days 
"c'mon, let's go coastal!"
"c-i, n-o c-i, n-o let's go coastal!!!"
"c-i, n-o; c-i, n-o; let's go coastal!!! super regionals!!!!!!!!"
one week      til coronas on the beach w my best girls  say aaahh   
dreaming of 34th street  and revolutions 
who knows anyone that needs a roommate in <propfemale>???
"1 5 hr left of the internship, finals' tonight- better get my discount! interview in the morning, getting my haiirrr done after, possibly nails too, then packing, then an extremely vital pit stop for some boooze and the its off to many jewido festivities at the beach!!!! (siiighs) oh happy day   "
hannukkah in july was surreal   
has moved a total of 11 times in the last 6 years  fml  big girl job starts tomorrow!!
bar crrrrawlin'
driving range for sunday funday festivities
my head's spinning but my feet wont move!
pc computers seriously suck 
just made her goal for the month w 3 new accounts!!! ow ow wow!
hump day 
i ran into 3 coastal retired athletes last night by accident  then come to find out coastal boys soccer r playing uncc tonight! aaah can't wait to see my girls tonight!!
monkey monday 
24 hours is not enough 
i need to get rid of my couches asap  somebody buy them from me!!!!
holler to my ccu soccer girls for beating clemsoonnnnnnn!!!!
finally fixed the fb defects!
31 years today! happy anniversary mom and dad!!!
"finally  wedding, successfully complete "
"\when it rains   it pours\"" *a-mel"""
is in love with a 50
ah  finally  my breath of fresh air              
game day! now where are those damn gator bites?? let's deep fry them nice and crunchy  gooo cocks!!
"just woke up deprived of food   last time i ate was 14 hours ago! can't sleep now so hell, shoot me a question in my inbox and i'll post an answer     "
2 guidos and a jew reunion  cannot  wait 
"north til u smell it, then turn west til u step in it   goooo cocks!!!"
"\i'm the situation that likes to situated \""- anonymous"""
soccer finals tonight- shooting for our 4th out of 5 championships and our second in a row!
2 guidos & a jew  time well wasted      
wait a minute   let me get this straight- coastal   beat   lsu??????
scratch the bobcats   i'm going to see mj!
has the best uncle in the world! sushi then bobcats  yes siiiirr!!!
"day off tomorrow   \good attitude w bad habits \"""""
3-day weekend   hmm what to do   what to doo   
has several bobcat tickets   let me know if u want in!
"\that's just the way the cookie crumbles   \"""""
its a festivus for the rest of us    
"hmm    new years    what to do, what to do   ?"
"dear year 2010- u've been one hell of a rollercoaster  let's move on    2011, swing my way and i'm gonna take u nowhere but up!"
"was in target today, bought a frapp, looked to my right, nearly dropped my frapp- wish i did bc bathing suits were on the racks! its only january people!!\grrr"
getting my smart on   
"\state of emergency \"" somehow the newsprint industry didn't get the message    cold hearts """
i want everything and nothing at the same time 
"tuesdays is literally the worst day of the week  its the day after monday, and you still have 4 days to go    thirsty tuesdays anyone???"
just give me the beers till the week is over 
"oh migranes, you love me dearly and i hate you clearly  f'off "
"is getting hungry for an italian dinner on \queen's feast week\"" at my amazing customer's <propfirst>'s italian restaurant bar in ballantyne  mm mmm mmm """
"my goal for the rest of the week   no food allergy attacks, no migranes, no broken phones  please  just one easy  uneventful  day "
repeat summer of '08?? vooolpe tonight and <propfemale> <propmale>!!! hurry up friday!
"i need a drink and a new dance move \((--l--))"
"coastal <propfemale> is now running the show nationally in bball owning the longest winning streak!!! black 'n teal, black 'n teal 7pm tonight at winthrop\\black 'n teal, black 'n teal black 'n teal, black 'n teal"
"roses r red, violets r blue, vday wish came true, clowney i heart you!!! gamecock nation has risen!!!"
maybe working as a slave in the food industry wasn't so bad in <propfemale>   
unbeliveable  coming from usa today's shining light of ccu athletics to ny times raping our men's bball program  screw you <propfirst> and resign  three times in three different programs     seriously??? did you think third time would be a charm? gah dang man!!! get your ballsack straight 
"ballin' out tonight w my chickens taking over espn!!! go cocks and ccu!!! \c-i, n-o cocks! c-i, n-o cocks! c-i, n-o cocks!"
"he today's employee appreciation day  ha, who would have known   "
in need of some good news!
