25a2df4dbd074ee7cd75d44d32121220
last night = fucking funnest time ever 
really wants some you-know-what   
"might have another crazy night for the fourth night in a row    maybe not, i don't know   haha, that rhymed ^^"
"is not going to have a crazy night   fuck that, i'm not getting busted   "
"is sobering up, i suppose  almost didn't, but the past three days have wreaked havoc on my esophagus and liver "
hopes everyone is ready for school on monday   i'm definitely not 
"does not think this looks pretty   maybe it was just a false alarm, because that's what it seems like   "
actually made plans to socialize on sunday? crazy 
isn't quite as social as she was yesterday   she's more contemplative today   damn quote browsing and their effects   
"is going camping with <propfemale> for the night, and then i've got another driving test  annoyed "
would like an im for once   usually she hates talking to people on here  
- adeadenemyalwayssmellsgood  laugh 
needs something to do 
needs to find her copy of saints row 2 before she murders someone in reality gahhh!
found her copy of saints row 2 bishes!
is pissed off  immensely pissed off 
is alooooone  rawr 
likes trhat pop noise whenever she gets an im on facebook   heh 
"feels like randomly reciting one of her stanzas, but she ain't gonnaaaaa!"
ugh my eye hurts fuckk!
is at hampton beach for the weekend    maybe traveling to maine saturday   no internet for like a week at home   or phone service  going to a show tonight too  laugh 
"is at hampton beach for the weekend   r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>, now that you're gone i am really sad  heart-broken "
just wants to crawl into a dirt hole and die 
wait that reminds me    i crowd surfed for the first time and it was awesome the first 2 times but the last 2 times i got dropped to the ground baha!
"still smells like alcohol & bandages after a night out she won't soon forget in a twisted concert bar she made mistakes, stayed out too late and fears hotels and cars  lalala i can't sleep in this hotel room alone, no no no  yeah "
"has a stomachache, and hates facebook even more than she did two days ago   eh "
"really, really hates facebook, and is basically having a panic attack now   "
needs to find more insomniacs like herself to talk to   annoyed 
good mornin' jesus!
"is extremely lightheaded and disoriented    thanks robitussin, i haven't been high off of you since november "
"is making a video   bored as hell  *sigh* someone care to bring some excitement into my life (on second thought, nevermind)"
needs to get this blue shit out of her hair because she is about ready to shave her head!!
"needs help with a tattoo-related thing   tree on my back or no tree? how much would it cost? or, should i get a song lyric?"
"is happy she doesn't have twtter, sad because right now she needs a friend    annoyed "
is okay now because <propfemale>'s hanging with meee! but yeah she temporarily took over my facebook and i got it back for the moment! yai   smile  p s  her ex walks like the hunchback of notre dame  lmao 
wonders why her mother keeps poking her 
"wants to watch 'the jacksons: an american dream' but it's basically done! ugh!! p s  yeah, i've been mucho bored today, so im and cheer me up? anything except yahoo because it's being weird on pidgin "
";; my anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hun!  love "
just heard a really random noise outside    wtf?
"should def  do something with her hair   but what? <propfemale> red, blonde, or maybe pink?"
just realized today was the official fourth   what a dumbass  i thought it was tomorrow 
"is sad because now there is not a yard sale, and she can't get her eyebrows waxed, andddd she's going to be alone all day =[ just like every other day "
needs to talk to someoneee  but also should be asking not to  blahblahblah  ilnt&vv&sm
"just slaughtered the shit out of an ant with a dvd case and is now going to take a shower   eep! if <propfemale> was here, i'd let her mock about my very weird fears, even weirder than the phobia of wingless bugs or hotel rooms "
"is in a better mood, but it certainly will not last   annoyed  anyone wanna help chica out?"
"is the supreme scrooge of romance & pda - so go get fucked by a cactus, not by your lover!"
"is so sick of all this bullshit adjkhfhjethklk  rawr but for some reason, i'm not angry  i'm kind of calm, actually, because i burned a lot of those notes, which = lots of closure  smile "
"is bored and ate too many smores, anyone want to have a random conversation? im me and be like \silence! i kill you!\"""""
"hey sexy, how you dooiin?!"
"is wondering if she downloads yahoo, who will talk to her? it's not working on pidgin for some dumb reason "
's mother got her a rip mj shirt!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!
wants to see funny people omfg a movie with <propfirst> sandler and <propmale> rogen is bound to be perfect!!!
"someone please im me, i need advice like asap  anyone   ?"
"is in tears   i think this whole \mj is dead\"" thing finally kicked in   """
";; fuck you <propfemale>! i'm killing you tonight, in my dreams! <propfirst> <propfemale> is taking back control!"
wants to kill lady gaga 
spent the afternoon with her 2 besties tiaunna & <propfemale> yays!
is literally bored out of her mind   i just went and danced in front of my glass door and licked it 
needs a smaller corset 
just brought laziness to a whole new level 
has already had a great day and it's only 1am   bahahaha   love  i love it 
what the fuck? <propfirst> <propmale> wants to get mj's kids into show biz? un-fucking-believable 
"thinks the news today is awesome, aside from that sotomayor thing   that's really boring "
"totally forgot why she logged-oh, nevermind   "
loves cookie crisp 
"is dead  right now  just dead  rawr!  egos, who needs 'em?"
wants to scream  or watch spiderman 3   
does not have orange hair   it's cheesy blonde!
"<propfemale>'s snuggie blanket theory: \jesus christ got raped by a blanket and that is how they were born!!!\"""""
"is really getting pissed off at the fact that facebook chat keeps fucking up  if anyone tries to send me an im, you're better off messaging me "
wants a $5 footlooooong   laugh 
"is getting extremely fucking infuriated because facebook messenger is the most retarded thing ever  everytime someone tries to im me it fucking disconnects, and now <propfemale>'s offline, or so this thing tells me    angry !!!"
is mindlessly rambling in the form of a blog  anyone want to have a mindlessly rambling conversation? hit me up  laugh 
"thinks she's ready to learn a new song on keyboard   jack's mannequin, or something else?"
"had a pretty rad idea  talk to me if you're interested   it's a good idea, i know it "
wants moar sleep!!
remember that girl earlier this week that fell into a manhole reading a text? well   text messaging - you're doing it wrong! if  only there was a picture   
"has the <propfemale> to go to a wedding chapel and burn it down, with a flame thrower   smile "
"haha, synthesizer! yes, i am home, so feel free to bother me via im  laugh "
sugarr hhiiiiighhhh!!!!! !!!!!! !!!!! !!!!!!gf sirj6bhidyund6fiu omfgz i love it 
wrote a new song 
will be on for a long time 
needs a piece of paper   
ate your face!
"needs help deciding what to do with her room   we are cleaning the shit out of it pretty soon before our appraisal   i just need to know how to continue decorating   help? im me, don't comment "
is apparently full of good ideas tonight   if only some of them applied to my life   annoyed 
is distressing the shit out of her pants with a screwdriver 
is infuriated beyond words 
is getting an orange kitten whether her mom likes it or not   and this time i'm keeping it 
has just about fucking snapped 
still wants the orange <propfemale>  i'm going to die tomorrow  !
is sad because there's no one online to talk to  sad  except myself 
awww my sexies are both offline  sad  wahh 
"found a way online, muahahahah! yay for being a geek with an excellent memory  laugh  anyways, phone is shut off, and so is internet "
"has a tummy ache, among many other complaints  heh, at least i got online "
"realized her posts look depressing, when she is really in a good mood, like, do-the-moonwalk-across-the-new-linoleum-in-the-kitchen good  laugh "
"doesn't know, anymore "
adores fight club 
"is so pissed off, this is bullshit!"
has her phone & internet back!!
loves blades of <propfemale> 
"by the way, i know the sentence of my last post made no sense, haha "
"is off to field days with a hoodie that says \i'llstopstabbingwhenyoustopscreaming \"""""
"needs something, she just doesn't know what "
wants the new eminem album as of a minute ago 
talk to meeeee  hoe 
"is going to field days again, only this time with <propfemale> "
is still watching <propfemale> play the sims 3   
"wants to talk to someone, but is too afraid to strike up a conversation on facebook messenger   "
"is still wide awake   surprise, surprise  that movie is making me pull an all-nighter   because these dreams are killing me "
"needs people to text  but at this time of the night, most people have enough sanity to sleep, haha, oh well  i could find people in europe  laugh  "
loves nintendocore 
"gots new hair straighteners & sun-in, yay!"
success!  love 
feels like a freakin' wiz kid! yay i know how to get movies on my ipod now!
is watching the greatest movie ever   love 
loves!
wants a hug !
"is selfish, but isn't really sorry "
"today was a good day, despite the things they say "
is going to quietly cause chaos in the comfort of her own mind   just the way she likes it 
still has chaos running rampant in her mind   but it's cheerful rebellion instead of the mindless armageddon i had originally thought 
isss goinnggg drivin'  want her stop by your house? hahaha 
just re-designed her lj  yay!
is feeding the drug dealer's cat 
"feels pretty, oh so pretty  laugh "
wants money for gas teehee  let me drive to your houseeee 
is homeee   how interesting 
has stuff to do tomorrowwww 
feels triumphant  & is going swimming with <propfemale> later!
is going for a walk   
"had a really weird dream  orientation tonight   i don't know what to e playful ect  i forgot where the gym was, haha, but i know it's on the second floor of one of the buildings  eh, i'll figure it out "
"is in shock  no, she does not want to talk about it "
"had a fun time at the orientation thingy   no clue why  hit me up, i'm not sleeping any time soon "
feels guilty and immensely disappointed 
still has school supplies to gettt 
thinks she has an electrolyte imbalance for waking up this early for no reason  uhh   phones still aren't shut off?
"is back  talk to me, i'd love it "
is getting irritated 
"the average day at my house: <propfemale> comes over, and makes scrumptious food   after being pulled over after <propfirst> walking, flipping a random person off, and rough housing at a supermarket, only to have the police people tell us we are the wrong people they're looking for  hahahaha!  love "
really wants someone to im her   she hasn't had much human interaction in the past 3 days   especially today  annoyed 
"good morning, ayy baybay!"
hates how people keep asking her the same question that doesn't give her much wiggle room to answer honestly 
ugh multiple things are bothering me 
"is going out for a walk, and then maybe finishing my stupid essay   text me!!! probably going to try pulling an all nighter "
is drinking a dunkin donuts latte and finished her stupid essay   but still has other homework due for tuesday  rawr 
can't drive until wednesday  someone talk to me 
has so much homework   ugh 
likes blueberry muffins  a lot 
"is going to stop, mosh & roll!"
"this fire is building up inside of me, but i don't know where it is  my head, my heart, my back? it's this stinging sensation   "
"needs to talk to someone  not to vent, but for a distraction  tomorrow afternoon might be a bit weird, too  annoyed "
is too tired to control this 
"needs a hug  a real one, not just a \*hug*\"" comment on facebook   """
is hanging out with tiaunna   and is tired 
"i was once a tree house, i lived in a cake, but i never saw the way the orange slayed the rake   "
never realized how much fun it was shooting soda cans with bb guns 
";; attention writers: contact me if you want to collaborate, i need help with an open-ended story project i want to do "
thinks the crow is still the awesomest movie evar 
"loves those tila <propfemale> fan losers on twitter  idiots  in other news, i need someone to chill with in st  albans tomorrow after school "
had an amazing day at school   love 
"r i p  papa, we miss you  love "
is now happy she didn't take digital imaging   and wants a hug 
needs to talk to someoneeeee 
is getting sick   sad 
10 bucks says you don't have it in you to conquer fear and quit believing what they tell you to you are careening shamelessly into oblivion where you will live alone with your chemicals and gin
is sick and hates tila <propfemale> 
believes there is only one person she can stand right now   
has a secret toot toot toot   too tellllll!
you have stolen my heart 
loves <propmale>'s world   and hates headaches and sore throats and uncontrollableness 
feels  like  a  zombie 
is pissed off because someone apparently hacked my bfa email and changed the password   ugh   i forgot to sign out in chem last week and must've been there 
4 cups of cappuccino and a grilled cheese sandwich!!!!!
"no longer has a badass cold, but now has severe stomach issues   wtf?! ugh my new doctor better not be an idiot like my last one, we'll find out tomorrow   "
is not taking tomorrow off   i'm stressed enough because i missed today   
just kind of feels like   
wants to talk to someone who doesn't piss her off with their stupidity 
feels she is pushing her luck   and is using facebook in pirate mode   
believes she may stay up tonight   anyone want to talkkkkk?
is terrified yet envious
had a weird afternoon 
doesn't want to wake up uber early tomorrow  ugh  at least i have next friday off   love 
is so happy it's fridayday!  love 
it's so friggen cold in here i put on my winter coat!
is still kind of in shock that mvu had a crazy ass lockdown  ha! i wasn't there!  laugh 
is obsessed with bully 
just took a long and tiring nap 
"burn baby burn, burn, you make me hothot "
just realized she wants lady gaga's hair  eww 
doesn't know what's going on 
is now seeing someone  smile 
is filled with wonder   
"feels quite a bit better, now "
wants to go to the bonfire   
wants to make a random youtube video 
is happy to hear lil <propfirst> may have a new album out in novemberr 
is in one of her sick & demented moods today   
really wants a friend she can see every day at school 
thinks holden is sooo cute when he stares at me  love 
fish taco 
made pancakes and scrambled eggs this morninggg 
mvu is most likely getting their butts kicked tonight   since bfa is awesomer than them 
"doesn't want to listen to all of your crap, anymore  she's got better things to do than be annoyed by your burdens "
hasn't gotten a hug all day 
"wants to check out the powderpuff game next week   just because we're against mvu  it felt weird saying that *we* were against mvu   i'm so used to being on the other side of the fence, ha "
is so violently annoyed 
;; bfa kids: when are psats? this saturday or next saturday?
"ignorance seems to be *everyone's* new best friend, <propfemale> "
got her free coffee!  love 
"wants to go to the powder puff thing   oh, i got my mvu yearbook today, and mrs  hakey apologized about mvu not working out for me   lolz "
facebook sucks at giving me suggestions 
hates being sick 
feels so sick still 
"thinks people should wish <propfemale> hakey a happy birthday, because she's my mom and because she's what most of you would call a \cool mom \"""""
sore f*cking throat 
just actually thought of being serious for a change and bitching someone out for no apparent reason   wow 
let's be besties! who's going to the show on wednesday? we should chill  laugh 
"needs help writing her paper   help? first of all, i don't understand the question, second of all, i don't know what examples to use   "
hates ignorant people 
wants to see life in a new perspective 
"has no preference between regular and disabled people, apparently  taking the light-skin dark-skin iat next "
had fun at the show   i suppose   could have been better   
saw a status that would be perfect for a dislike button  
needs a life 
"really, really, really wants to watch fight club "
"feels a little better because a lot of people on her friend's list are sick, too "
wonders if facebook has ever caught someone trying to cheat on their bf gf because someone tried to add a relationship to their profile with more than one person   
"feels bad   why is it that these little things make or break my day?  annoyed  it's sweet, but stressful!"
"has decided to take this with a grain of salt  tomorrow is a new day, and i'll have even more lies to deal with, better to get the current ones off of my mind "
needs advice  ha 
for further reference   boys should die  laugh 
anger doesn't even begin to cover it  i am so friggen stupid t_t
doesn't know  tomorrow is either going to be a complete bummer of stress or it will be spectacular   which i doubt it will be spectacular 
p s  the fortune cookie lied 
hates feeling this way 
needs a cyberhug  lolz 
just changed her voicemail to a recording of a love song   baha 
is so over it  he's not worth my time 
is very hyper how because <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> is coming over  joyful 
loves ya!  love 
"has so many emotions going on   should i cry, laugh, or scream? ugh   "
is wondering if <propfirst> <propfirst> is losing weight on the motley crue diet!  laugh 
"is a pretty lion, and <propfirst> <propfemale> miller is a pretty dinosaur   and you-know-who is \one ugly fucking dinosaur\""!  love """
": a wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left  -- <propfemale> <propmale>"
hates feeling like thissss! rawr 
hates how people pick her brain for things that isn't any of their goddamned business!
is going to try leaving before she is left 
"is physically indestructable, psychologically broken and extremely emotionally vulnerable "
has some random person texting her    they won't tell her who they are   
 love 
feels like she is ruining her chances 
had one the worst days in a long time   hopefully going to sleep and going into a month-long coma  that'd be sweet   heart-broken 
has her new ipod hell yes!  love  love  love 
is in a good mood! yay for friday! but boo for weekends without plans 
has accomplished her main mission for today!
feels a lot better about things   for once knowledge is power   sort of 
has had the greatest day in a long time   smile 
is under the impression that <propfirst> <propfirst> got high on heroin cookies and caused the fire that caused bfa to be closed today    laugh 
is going to st  albans with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> 
"is annoyed at everyone except <propfirst> <propfemale> miller at this point   i wish the drama bull outside of school would stop   i'm only happy when i'm in school, hanging with people like <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> beams, <propfirst> erno, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and of course <propfirst> <propfemale> miller "
"regarding my last post   i'm adding <propfemale> <propmale>, aly  playful , <propfemale> bilodeau, & <propfemale> <propmale>"
needs someone to talk to 
does not want to play a love game 
"just doesn't know what to do  it'd be wise to let go, it'd be wise to follow the e playful erience through and hurt myself to motivate me "
is having one of the worst nights ever 
"realizes things could be worse- i mean, i could still be attending mvu "
do you collect the souls you've lost in the top of your dresser drawer? count the number of tears displaced on lonely bedroom floors  a machine where your heart once was slowly takes the place of you  only hold the memories now of a love i thought i knew 
now agrees with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> that men should die 
"smells like lady speed stick   lawls  if you read <propmale> cobain's wikipedia stage, you'll see what i mean   "
has so   much   homework  i need help in chemistry    i have a test on ionic and covalent bonding and like drawing them out and i am completely lost   eek!
";; you know the words, so sing along for me, baby "
is getting off   text meee (802-393-5266) i need someone to talk to 
don't try testing your limits- you may be afraid of how scarily small they may be 
"and she said, i think we're running out of alcohol  tonight, i hate this fucking town, and all my best friends will be the death of me, but they won't ever remember, remember  so please take me far away, before i melt into the ground, and all my words get used against me; this sad and lonely girl "
"today, i noticed a link to averagewizard com, where people can post their <propmale> potter related mlias  i am now anxiously awaiting websites dedicated to ninjas, high fives, and dinosaurs  mlia <--- <propfirst> <propfemale> miller, we need to make a dinosaur one "
knows that it's for the best    i just really need support from my friends at school  love you guysss 
"i've never told a lie, and that makes me a liar  i've never made a bet, but we gamble with <propfemale>  i've never lit a match, with intent to start a fire, but recently the flames are getting out of control "
sees that this orange has a tumor on its ass   
"<propfirst> <propfemale> miller - today, my little brother threw a pop-tart at my grandpa, who was cooking over a stove  without looking, he turned his oven mitt around, knocked it up into the air, and caught it in his mouth  i am now convinced my grandpa is a secret ninja  mlia"
"hahaha a little yard work goes a long way   lmfao!!! (don't ask, <propfirst> <propfirst> reference)"
wishes she could just forget  ugh i need a certain substance right about now   and it's not melatonin 
thinks certain people need to butt out and stop prying into territory they needn't read   
"here's something i've learned in the past year: if all else fails, switch schools!  laugh "
"is annoyed by certain annoying people  (really, this is more than one person)"
"slept in until ten, and thankfully recieved a coffee to wake her up!  love "
"is going to spend a few days at <propfemale> churchill's, it's going to be amazerful "
is so confused about everything   why do i put myself in these situations?!
"can't wait till the next half day, so me, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and <propmale> madden can go to the buffet at pizza hut   lol "
is back in swanton  sad  i hate it here 
guesses he made his decision   
thinks people are getting really annoying today 
"had a crappy day   i wish i had friend to <propfemale> with who weren't annoying and don't treat me like crap  i know i treat people like crap sometimes, but that's only because they are as annoying as all hell "
got a really awesome zip hoodie today that has built-in headphones  laugh 
"wishes he hadn't of treated me like that    i wanted to be friends, but then he had to go complicate it when he already had a fucking girlfriend   "
is wondering who is psyched about christmas? like this i want to see how many people read my stuff on here 
two more days  joyful 
"has decided that because of her so-called northern accent, that she will claim to be from canada "
just wishes guys weren't such douchebags   
"doesn't mean to sound so depressing, but just wants to say she wishes something (or someone) could just fly her out of this world, away from all of these people, and this horrible guilt, and this horrible feeling that nothing will ever be alright, and this horrible feeling that i will always just be alone with no one to hold me close and tell me i truly matter "
"can't wait until tonight   going to my aunt's to get a make over, then off to meme's party, and then off to christmas at <propfirst> hakey's, and then tomorrow 2 christmases, and then another christmas the next day, and then chilling until new years, which is simply going to be a fucking blast ( mandii <propfirst> bushey is supposed to get me) "
is getting more enraged by the minute   this is bull 
is wishing you all a <propfemale> christmassacre 
really really wants to just get fucked up and forget all he has done to me 
had overall a good day other than the disturbing thoughts that asshole caused me to have   
can't wait to get fucked up on new years !!! w00t 
is playing kingdom hearts 258 2 days   fun!
has realized she should definitely download some more children of bodom   
thinks she knows what kind of guy she wants but will never have =p
loves how she is good at playing guitar hero when she is very depressed 
r i p  the rev !
"if you drink and drive, i shall keel youuuu  because it's fucking stuupid "
"i wonder how i never seem to get hangovers from liquor, only from intense drinking from wine coolers "
i really need a haircut  bad 
"if i get the bleach, would anyone mind bleaching my roots for me? i'd really like someone who knows what they are doing, i'm afraid to do it because i can't see the back of my head    i want *just* my roots, as in don't get too much anywhere else   "
just did probably the stupidest thing she's going to do all year   
"dude, don't ever put 2 people together who have no clue what they are thinking about   it just doesn't work "
is so confused and stressed and feels horrible and just bah! i tried venting this morning but just got shit on and guilt tripped   why can't someone just fucking listen without preaching?
his scent stains my mind 
loves you!
you'd die if you knew the truth   
r i p  uncle <propmale>  sad 
wonders if it is possible to delete the recycling bin  
my love for you is bombproof 
"wants to crawl into a hole and die    a hole that is circled with fire, and filled with <propmale> nails and acid "
is listening to as i lay dying on my ps3   feeling pathetic and alone   why did he lead me on like that? feeling a little better than earlier 
"really wants a drink right now   i can't take this loneliness  i won't drink, but only because there isn't enough alcohol here to get me fucked up "
is not talking to him ever again  fuck it 
wonders why she can't be happy like she was after new years    maybe a certain asshole ruined everything 
show me what i'm looking for 
is getting back into that gloom like she was yesterday morning  sad  i need a hug from a certain guy   but noooo 
really wants to party it up and take my mind off of things   
"is getting over him   very slowly but surely   one day over, a million more to go   "
is getting more nervous waiting for her interview 
"is sure she didn't get the job  ah well, i'mma be scrap booking, i really wanna do it "
needs to get over this 
"boys, why do the majority of you piss me off?"
needs more friendsss  (in real life)
"is going to build a penis guillotine with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> , boys beware ^^"
no spiderman 4? what the fucking fuck?!?!?!
hahaha   homemade tattoos   
got a 97 on her computer apps exam 
save me from this love sick <propfemale> 
"oh wow, i guess we are best friends because you don't talk to me outside of school, or ever <propfemale> out with me  when i tell you about it, you pretend to care, but really, you don't "
is so fucking angry right now  this is bullshit 
is wearing her awesome <propfirst> <propmale> shirt 
"oh  buuuuurn  getting my hair cut tomorrow   should i totally dye and re-style, or just a trim and bleach?"
wow you are so annoying 
"hey, how are you today?"
might be going ice fishing mondayyy!
"thinks that baby that was trapoed for like 60 hours in haiti was soooo cute! i know it's weird, but i find dark skinned babies to be cuter than white ones "
why the fuck did she just haaaave to talk to him? it's not fucking fair    i hate extroverted people   they feel soooo entitled 
ho'hhhhhh leee shit 
"is going ice fishing tomorrow, and then spending a few days at <propfemale> churchill's  yay for a new semester  smile "
it's so much easier to run than face all this pain- you're all alone 
fuck you world 
feels so sick 
"if you've never talked to me on here before, i triple dog dare ya to   laugh "
ain't lookin' like a fool with her pants on the ground!  laugh 
"poster child party girl  miss boombox, make me swirl "
wants to fly 
loves how people whine and whine and whine despite how much i glare at and ignore them
"your mom isn't cool, mkay?"
it's about time those bastards gave me a new ipod   
"it's spelled \bored\"" not \""board\"" idiot """
has a working 160 gig ipod now! yay!
now falls into the statistic of children whom have both parents as friends on facebook   lol 
"no change, i can't change, i can't change, i can't change, but i'm here in my mold, i am here in my mold "
omg the nutty professor!!
why is the cat smelling my butt crack? 0 o
should have run him the fuck over   
wonders if it's march 28th yet   
wow! that's a low price!!!!
wants someone to <propfemale> out with me tomorrow in the cityyy   
mvu middle school graduates: who remembers the stink bomb incident in j-pod? lmfao!!
"11 people online and no one really worth talking to    at least not ones i dare im, haha "
i must confess that i'm feeling like a monster 
's daily obsession = slipknot 
"is sick of the whole \omg romance\"" escapade   fucking pathetic """
"i hope you know, that i do worry about you, just like you worry about me   "
"he called me \baby\"" as if i still mattered   fucking asshole """
is already dying alone 
really wants an im 
is going with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> to watch her grocery shop   woo!
sick puppies on saturday  love 
wishes she was in his arms   
is so fucking annoyed   this is bullshit   
is so stressed out because of other people's bullshits being put ahead of my own  why the fuck can't people just leave me alone?
"feels bad  i messed things up, yet again "
"remember those days in elementary school when teachers turned off the light to get your attention? but yeah anyways, anyone want to <propfemale> out? i'm desperately bored "
"really wants to buy some <propmale>  anyone want to sell me some? i really, really want some "
wants to go pick up some red bull and <propfemale> out with someone  who is that someone going to be?
"stab my back, it's better when i bleed for you "
wants to cook those black bean taco things 
is makinggg baked beans with pineapple  i think i'm starting to like cooking   crazy   
"just made some super awesome almond cookie dough, i don't want to make the cookies it's so yummy ^^  and vegan "
"cooked the almond cookies   delicious! at some point this week, going to hopefully make those chocolate peanut butter pillows   w00t "
is apparently married now lol 
has such a horrible mirgraine  someone kill me before i stab a bitch 
"killing spree time, where the husband at?!"
left school and her husband due to a shitty migraine   ugh   
wants some company 
dead memories in my heart 
"disarm me with your loneliness, just like always before  & decieve me out of my emptiness, telling me how you love me with all of your heart, no more "
your shit is overrated 
just heard about what would have been an amazing fight to watch 
"signed up for next years classes   taking cosmo because <propfirst> told me to, lol "
"has a huge fucking backache   i need a massage   i was also crying for no reason, and i couldn't control it "
is sick and tired of being sick and tired 
really wants some tomato soup 
"is kinda loopy from medicine   don't mind my random typos and \wtf\"" moments   """
is watching bruno   what  the  fuck 
how many more days until march 28th?
"i'd like to see you have your way, come on have your way with me   "
wants someone to come over and chee-ill 
is watching wrong turn 3 and eating tomato soup with oyster crackers   yay
feels horrid  anyone want to <propfemale> out and talk about how stupid this romanticized version of <propfirst>'s day is? i can officially drive anyone legally tomorrow ^^
mom got me fight club on dvd yayayay!!!!
what the fuck is everyone's problem lately?
is not letting people do this to her anymore 
just wants to punch someone in the fucking face  why are people naturally prying and annoying? (mostly family and people i see nearly everyday)
"dear english teacher, you piss me the fuck off  dear chemistry teacher, you confuse me but you're awesome  dear algebra teacher, you're a fucking bitchfaced cuuuuunt  dear guidance counselor, i hope summer classes don't eat me alive  -- <propfirst>!"
is hopefully going to ccv at some point this week to see about summer classes 
"hates when she hears things incorrectly: today, i swear i heard someone tell me i was cute "
is pissed because those fucking assholes that work in the village put up a bright fucking street light next to my window   guess who won't be able to sleep tonight?
rawr?
needs a hug from a stranger  annoyed  
ain'tnobitchwhocandoitlikeme: j-e-f-f-r-e-e  love 
"damn hippies made me sing the goddamned \everything\"" song  x["""
my mom just asked me if my math teacher was smoking dope  she called my mom to tell her i got 49 51 on a quiz today   then mom proceeded to ask me if i made a friend call to pretend she was my math teacher to say that   what an mlia filled day 
loves youuu
hates these nights where she just wishes someone could come over and <propfemale> out 
"hah, cool, now you can tell facebook if you don't know the person who adds you "
"okay, so i was up until 3 am, so you'd think mom would leave me alone, because it was her that kept me up    no she has to fucking text me and get on my ass at fucking nine am, and she wonders why i'm being such a bitch    i wonder the fuck why!"
"is no longer pissed  smile   i got my bro's wii now, and i'm getting inked soon !  love "
is deactivating her facebook  goodbye 
wants to kill him 
"hasn't been on here in forever   talk to me   if not, i'll just go smoke another cig   not a threat "
is going out for a walk   text me 
wants to go to school 
wants some more marijuanaaaa  hopefully gettin' my drank on with <propfemale> <propfirst> bushey friday!
"someone talk to me  i'm bored, tired, and sober "
gobama or nobama?
really doesn't feel like getting involved   but goddamn it this ignorance pisses me off 
did pretty damn good on her dance routine test today  laugh 
"someone wanna send a message my way? i need real friends, not the facebook ones you never talk to "
"i've never had the nerve to ask, as my moment come and passed "
jesus is on playstation home i'm talking to him now!!
is leaving for nh tomorrrrrowww!
is in new hampshaaa!
forgot her hairbrush  crying 
"hahahaha shut the fuck up  breakfast at this awesome hotel, then off to boston to wait to see him!  love  love "
"you were supposed to be there, mean everything, let me break your heart   "
has a dreamsicle
i am the lord of the motherfucking underworld 
needs more cigs   wanna drink it up this weekend more than you could possibly believe 
"someone talk to me, before it sets in   "
"hurt myself today, to see if i still feel   "
actually had fun in chemistry today   that's a new one   
wants someone to chill with for the weekend   
is going out to have a cig near the church   just to make it dramatic    text me 802-393-5266 
had a great fuckin' night last night   got so fucked up    happy easter 
is so  fucking  hungover 
you dumb motherfucker 
"hates kids my age who can't spell for shit   what the fuck, it's called english class, retards!"
"is hoping best buy can help a bitch out with her ps3, suffering from ylod syndrome   if not, i'm performing the surgery myself "
voided the warranty which was e playful ired anyway  smile   translation: the ps3 is torn apart all over my kitchen table 
anyone wanna bring me a heat gun that can reach 350 degrees celsius? please i really need one 
"oh wow i wish i was a dirtbag so i was cool enough to find someone to sell me weed  no, seriously   i want some "
breakfast at subway?! fuck it when i get my own place i'm living next to a subway   
"lady gaga, if by some miracle you read this, take my advice: put some fucking clothes on!!! i do not need to see your cooch!"
needs to fucking party 
"good morning, world   i think i should bid you goodnight   "
"just got her beaver hunting license    <propfemale> <propfirst> bushey, you know what this means     laugh "
"i feel so much better, now that you're gone forever!"
"what a good weekend, i don't remember some of it  laugh "
is officially passing all of her classes 
"was just told by her mom to remember to go to school, lol "
"you're the only one, i would take a shot on  keep me hangin' on, so contagiously "
hit me with your punch-drunk love!
"look what you're money bought: it's all that she's got  ooh, it keeps her company  straight from mom and daddy "
"i agree with her, i'd do anything for a guy who didn't ditch me for some other chick, too  it hurts knowing you'll never be good enough   "
desperately needs help  http annoyed  bit ly d4yqno
who will i save: <propmale> cunningham or <propfemale> hogle? http annoyed  www asylum626 com 
why did no one tell me about audiosurf sooner?
"i really feel like i can't take much more   if only there was a way i could just leave this place forever, maybe i could fix myself and gain back some of my sanity   maybe even a smidgen of the happiness i haven't had in years   "
is tomorrow a gold day?
just passed in her app to d&d   hopeful   or as hopeful i can be with the crappy economy 
omfgzzz i wanna talk about it but can't  hint: fave movie 
text me 802-393-5266  love 
happy 4 20 my stoner frannz
mmm pecans  laugh 
"wants to go for a walk, anyone wanna join me?"
misses her ps3 so much  crying 
is sick of feeling so unhappy 
wants to go back and do what should have been done a long fucking time ago 
not going to school tomorrrowwwwww!
ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am cornholioooooo
hey there how is everyone today?
someone should teeeext me 
fucking can not stand kids who whine and act out when they don't get their way    i e  my brother   
is four friends away from having 100! duude!
takes that last status back    3 friends until 100!
dammit you're so self-centered and annoying 
yeah   sure there's global warming when it snows at the end of april 
eat shit evil doer!
2 friends till 100 
saints row 2 is love 
people = shit
is going to fail on the sats    and hopefully go chill with <propfemale> afterwards to get stoned and over it   
"sat stands for \stealing away time \"" totally wasted my whole morning because of it   """
hi <propfemale>  smile 
"fuck this, i don't wanna go to school tomorrow  sad "
somebody just like me
green day tomorrow?
hates those kind of people who need to make everything about themselves 
"it's a quarter after one, i'm a little drunk, and i need you now     heart-broken "
it sucks when you've got no one to talk to who understands   
loves pissing people off   smile 
"ew, this creepy guy on psn is 28 years old, really ugly, and thinks i, a 17 year old, is interested    uhh yeah, no "
"hey, you're that kid in my ________ class! i remember you!"
aahhhhh i'm going to fucking flip out noooo i hate him he's spreading shit and someone is spying on me fuck you spies fuck you guy fuck this!!!!!
"picture perfect memories, scattered all around the floor  reachin for the phone, because i cant fight it anymore  and i wonder if i ever cross your mind  for me it happens all the time "
wow    escapades much?
"&& love don't live here, anymore "
this world is a cruel place and we're here only to lose  so before life tears us apart let death bless me with you 
loves 'em big and strong (my alcoholic beverages)
 surprise  i don't wanna know   
is watching miss march    love it
"a friend in need is a friend indeed, a friend with weed is better!"
has a new favorite drug  laugh 
wtf this song was on when i was at my friend's houseee 
"umm    coughskankwithadog'snamecough    hey there, how goes it?"
i wish tomorrow i could wake up and everything would be better    but nothing is ever going to change 
could listen to <propfirst> <propfirst> gatto ramble on and on alllll day   
"me:you suck 6:19pm amie:u suck worse 6:19pm me:incorrect \grammar and spelling    it's your fault imma fail my test hahahaa 6:20pm amie:u suck the worstest"
kinda wants to go to prom now   
feels accomplished    i just learned how to make a pipe with foil   
wow i wish i could be an annoying moochy slut 
fucking hates store bought greeting cards    so i bitch people out on my birthday when they give me them    unless it has money   
it sucks i can't go to prom but whateverrrr
is watching <propfemale>!!! the old one!! the newer one sucks 
really wants to go vegan again   
is actually cooking something    as in not using a microwave     what a rare occurence 
"got up late for school    fuck! i had my whole day planned out, too "
wow i guess i'm being stalked by adults i don't even know    pathetic 
my toes are hopefully fixeded!
is further restricting who can see my posts from now on 
"break this bittersweet spell on me, lost in the arms of <propfemale>   "
"fuck this fucking drama  if anyone would like to provide me a place to stay tonight, please let me know "
necaps today    greaat 
beer and montster with doritos and cheese woo
feels so fucking sick  sad 
is so sick of this stupid family drama 
alle alle jandro alle alle jandrooo 
is so sick of her mom bitching and complaining about everything     jesus christ get over it 
"love songs they kill me, they kill me, now "
"is getting her schedule fixed tomorrow, hopefully! pissed off my dance teacher today, fucking hilarious!"
keeps forgetting it's friday!!!
"everytime i see your face, everytime you look my way, it's like it all falls into place; everything feels right  ever since you walked away, you've left my life in disarray  all i want is one more day; all i need, is one more day with you  heart-broken "
is already regretting the schedule change except for dropping ap english and advanced dance 
hates the playstation network    most of its users are middle aged perverts who endlessly flirt with any woman they can find on ps home  so disgusting 
"dude, my mom is so pathetic "
"i wanted us to be always, always , always you and me "
wonders why society must be so close-minded?
life isn't a garden so stop being a hoe 
"i, i just died in your arms toniiiight! it must have been something you said!!!!"
"i went to the fridge to get a pepsi, and mom randomly says, \you can have that twisted tea if that's what you were jonesin' for \"" my response: \""i am now!\""  love """
fuck ap english  glad i'm not taking it next year 
<propfemale> is love
rawrxrawrxrawr
would like to give you a hug  laugh 
has a pulsing pinstripe on her car  laugh 
don't like the way i do things? unfriend me 
just had her first chug of southern comfort    good shit!
wow i love it when i follow through with plan bs 
rip <propfirst> gray  forever you will be missed by slipknot fans everywhere 
i don't care if that person commented on that other person's status   i don't even know the person who posted the orignal status 
really really needs a haircut  sad  i wish they were free 
hears thundaaaa
"if u wanna kiss me \like\"" this status  if \",25a2df4dbd074ee7cd75d44d32121220,is on stickam! anyone wanna chat?
i fucking hate creepy late-20s men 
people assume i think i'm cool when i talk about me and drugs    news flash- i don't 
who the hell would want to be a cholo?
"is sooo tired  needs a certain substance  wow, and i'm actually going to church tomorrow  wtf happened?"
i think i'm dumb 
<propfemale> mad right now   
someone should call me   
so stressed out i wish i could stop crying long enough to do something besides chain smoke 
really needs help writing this week overdue essay  sad 
mmm okay now i feel better
kill me 
really doesn't know anymore 
"is actually thinking about performing arts    eh, nah   "
"but i'm on the outside, and i'm looking in  i can see through you' see your true colors  'cause inside you're ugly, ugly like me  i can see through you, see the real you "
got her yearbook today! also sharpied out his fucked up mug 
got a water bottle full of whiskey in my handbag; got my drunk text on  i'll regret it in the mornin'!
\as a condition of employment with staples, if you are offered\25a2df4dbd074ee7cd75d44d32121220,soyahyou'reaskank 
now i remember why i left mvu    the girls there are so annoying!
has anyone else noticed my voice getting raspier?
is determined to have just dance downloaded and burnt to play before she gets any fucking sleep 
"quite honestly, creeped out  for some crazy reason i chose my dignity over my ego "
success mofo!
"still can't understand why the fuck girls my age are proud to be having kids? i mean, yeah, it's better than having them at like 14  just ugh another reason why i don't understand society "
okay so whoever just tried to send me a multimedia message on my phone: i can't get any because my other phone is broke so stop sending me them! especially because most of the ones i get are lame anyway 
is so confused about what to do   
tie dye duct tape = new love  love 
the past 2 days = amazing  love  hopefully nothing screws up like it has so many other times 
weed free: 6 days  alcohol free: 12 days  cigarette free: 4 days 
"it was just a dream, it was just a dream   "
is wondering if anyone has a wii and would like to add me as a friend  smile  send me your friend code!  love 
"i'm so happy, 'cause today, i found my friends, they're in my head   "
"okay, so now that i have homebrewed my wii, it has taken over my life   "
"i hate those situations when you really want to talk to someone about a problem, but you can't, because you're supposed to deal with it on your own     annoyed "
will be up for most of the night    im or call me up  smile 
"shh, i have a secret   "
there is a piggy at my house    greaat 
"okay, i am officially in love with this facebook language  smile "
"what are little girls aspiring to these days? stupid question, i know   "
toy story 3 rocks bitches!!
good weekend? i think so 
rip <propfemale>  love 
hates her laptop
really needs to think right now   
"new phone = new <propfirst>! gimme yours, especially if you want to texxt!"
seriously ready to <propmale> the laptop at the nearest child pedestrian 
is running a fever and hurts everywhere  sad 
what is the <propmale> dose in tylenol that i can take?
blahblahblah shut the fuck up!
still has a fever  sad  fml
really doesn't want to go to the hospital    i'd rather stay here with the boyf   
they told me i have a low white blood cell count    they also can't figure out why 
sometimes wishes she had made the other choice   
pissed off  guess maybe some people can't be trusted   
here we go again with the fever and the dizziness and the aching   
"woaah, next week is 4th of july weekend   "
"hello world, i decided to let you back in "
yes! i finally got weed and beer for my sims!
eh hem   there is a difference between being confident and being arrogantly narcisstic 
<propfemale> addicted   must   stop   playing sims 2   
is going to try staying up until seven am!
"heyheyyouyou i fucking hate your girlfriend! no way, no way, i think i'll find you a new one  laugh "
wow that one little thing i just saw on facebook just made me lose a lot of faith   
fuck you facebook messenger
"is not going to lie, i'm rather very annoyed "
+ you = ?
"omg baby seals  uhh the weekend was awesome, except for last night  my head made me keep thinking about something, and my moodswings only made it worse "
"it's not fair how everyone knows what they are going to do with their life; i'm just stuck here, in the now, i have no clue what the hell i want to do with my life after i graduate   "
grr what the hell am i supposed to do with my life?!  annoyed 
third cup of coffee in 3 hours    omg!
wants to go drive mr  vroom vroom around and arouuuund 
is watching hard <propfemale>    awesome she just castrated that motherf**ker!
wants a hug 
"ugh, stupid little teenaged girls "
the moment my mind automatically tells me not to worry is the moment i refuse to let myself not worry 
"play the\color game!  laugh  copy this into your status and see what people rate you  red = i love u ?, pink = ur cute  smile , green = ur funny  laugh , orange = i\like u ?, white = i use to like u  sad , yellow= ur amazing  playful , black  annoyed i hate u > annoyed , blue = best friends forever ?, purple = i don't\know you that well "
makin' black bean tacosss come over if you want some 
no moar tacos azz i iz saving thems for tomorrowss 
it sucks how i'm still awake 
welcomes four new kittens into the family    sad how their nephew is older than them 
is goiiiing camping this weekend with <propfirst> fortin  laugh !
we are who we were when;; could have been lovers but at least you're still my day late friend  we are who; we are who we were when 
closed-minded meat eaters piss me right the fuck off 
i really want some weed right now 
"oh noooo, it's the succubus!!"
"phones probably going to die at the end of the day, but currently, what's on my mind is \what a fucking asshole!\"""""
"wow, short attention span, much?"
"is so sick of the anxiety    i had to leave camp because of it, basically  sad  alooone "
i wish my mind didn't make me make such stupid decisions 
009 sound system  love 
"so, last night i had a dream that i was suffering from a terminal lung disease, where an entire portion of my lung was pitch black, and then as soon as i woke up, i turned around and saw a guy with a huge meat mallet ready to smash up my skull  i'm getting annoyed with this hallucination shit   "
"this is poke war, <propfirst> <propfemale> miller "
has internetz on phoneeee!!
"had an awesome time going to the moviess last nightt  we went to the <propmale> for one movie, and then ended up going to the drive in after to see two other movies, lol  good times  love "
is wondering can anyone bring me some nutmeg?
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, you are my fucking hero "
"hopefully getting a hair cut and perm soooon  great escape not this weekend, but the next weekend  love "
i hope you fucking choke and die 
"dear duggar family parents: close your fucking legs and stop making babies  if you really want like 20-something kids, adopt !"
"wow, i hate moocher bitches who use their friends for perks rather than enjoy their company  who's with me?"
"ugh, no onee caresss "
does anyone know any good prom dress sites?
i has a bellyache and i can't sleep  sad 
"about readyo to beat the living shit out of my brother  sorry, but i don't put up with nine year olds with cocky \i'm-so-great\"" attitudes """
it's times like these i am reminded why i fucking hate kids 
"\i'm too drunk to taste this chicken!\"""""
"people, please stop texting me in the middle of the night early morning (unless it's a school day) - chances are, i am asleep "
i fucking hate my life in this fucking house 
<propmale> motherfuckin' <propmale> 
"hahahahaha, fuck you i am not in a happy place right now  need to get fucked up like the old days "
"if drunken words are sober thoughts, then heregoes: all of you fuckers are the same; you can guilt trip me, but i can't guilt trip you, ever  fuck this "
i've got this ice box where my heart used to be 
"i guess this weekend isn't going to be fun   sad  even the thought of the great escape isn't at all appealing, anymore  too much stress "
is going to the frankenstein wax museum laterrr  hopefully my mind will clear up a little bit 
i think i am pretty much done  i don't want to deal with you succubus bitches anymore 
i would kill to get drunk right now
"i fucking hate you, you worthless succubus cunt "
great escaaape! then coming home tonightt  that hotel was a shit hole 
anyone wanna <propfemale> later tonight when i get home? around 5 or 6 is what i'm thinking
"you think i'd feel bad, but i dooooon't!  smile "
drinking tonight! fucking jd!
harharhar i beat you  laugh 
my boyfriend's mom keeps poking me  playful 
just totally scared my grandmother taking my bro and i out for a joyride and raced down the street 
omg <propfirst> fortin is here  surprise 
indigo prophecy ftw!
"is sick of teens complaining about having to work  i would love to have a job, so if you would rather not work, tell your boss to hire me "
when it's time to party we will always party hard 
just changed all of her passwords to match her new bfa password  laugh  watch me forget it 
my schedule is confusing 
sooo yeah i drank a lot last night    three smirnoff wine coolers anddd at least three shots of <propfirst> 
just had an epiphany    woah   
it's really sad when parents shit on their kids because they were too stupid to use birth control  sorry i exist; maybe if i kill myself you'll be happy 
shitty  fucking  day   annoyed 
oh  uhh  wow  anyone gotta psn account? add me 
"ahhh, the wonders of tversity and media servers  wink   totally pumped for computers and networking "
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0 <-- don't think about it, just click it "
no friends in my classes except for cosmo  uuuuuugh 
 heart-broken  i don't want to go tomorrow 
i hate jocks 
i am a senior so they should be lickin' my imaginary ballsack!
"good day, shitty fucking afternoon "
wooow  i wished i'd had someone at the fair to go on rides with   sad 
"geesh, i can even leave the room without getting yelled at because i didn't do all of the dishes; hey, cunt: i did some of them, which is better than nothing!"
anyone wanna <propfemale> tomorrowww?
oh  my  gosh 
fml i hate getting up early 
green days are the best   laugh 
is trying to install windows  playful  sp2 on my laptop    i fucking hate you vista 
i don't fucking trust you 
snobby people are stupid 
i love how nobody ever talks to me in any of my classes 
wants to go to friendly's 
<propfirst> fortin just lost the game!
"3 months  love  he won't see this today, but i love youuu!"
bimboooo 
"please, bear with me today "
my mom's relationship status is not top news 
i feel like i should delete my couple photos; i just remembered how annoying it is for me to see other people's couple photos 
"as soon as i get home, i'm finishing off my bottle of <propfirst> "
i miss the days when cell phones came with free full version games already programmed into the phone 
does anyone wanna give me a makeover? seriously i need one  even clothes suggestions 
has had a horrible weekend 
i just looked at my locker in cosmo and there is a picture of casper the friendly ghost on it 
tech center should have a dentistry class!
good morninggg lovely
when a guy tells you that you're out of his league    hit him out of your park 
somebody teeeext me! 393-5266 
no one ever has my back anymore 
i don't play well with others 
" annoyed   my life would suck if it weren't for    well, you know   "
text me or i will shoot your face   raaaaawrrrrrr!!!
"cold, outside, angry "
has a cold  sad  sore throat and stuff   
i need advice 
i miss the old days   
"in the immortal words of <propfemale>, \we need more lemon pledge \"""""
"seriously? what am i supposed to do  annoyed  i wish i still had some girl friends, but we either stopped talking, or they became total bitches "
just wants to move out  can't even feel welcome in this house that was supposed to be a home 
nights like these are weird because i don't have someone sleeping next to me   annoyed 
wishes she could go to a concert soon  sad  i can't be myself until i do 
"dude, octomom might go on welfare    dumbasses like her oughta be shot "
wow i just got ditched i think  annoyed 
rawr!
will someone please text me? 393-5266
can't wait until cosmo  all my other classes suck 
druggie or sweetie?
ughughughugh > sad 
asgherwysmngfk jf i need to vent
"sometimes, i miss certain things "
" heart-broken  where is the funny, laid back guy when you need him?"
is going to a buffet toniiight  yay i has friday off!!!
is thinking about the past  sad  bad stuff 
really wishes she could go to prom  crying 
"memories that aren't mine haunt me, like i was a ghost that night, watching your every smile, every touch, every moment "
ughhh sooo sick  someone talk to meee  sad 
uuuggghhh    <propfemale> sick!!
is getting her hair bleached!
lie dawg!
rawrrrr i wish it was friiiiday 
yabadabadoooooo
"i love how i can't walk to class without almost getting run over  parents need to not go barrel assing throught the parking lot, assholes "
"if you really knew me, you'd know that i have never been happy with my appearance"
"is going to saint albans todayyy! with <propfirst>, as always   smile "
"stuff i need hair ties, big barrettes, butterfly clips, a different foundation that lasts and doesnt clog pores, mousse, and peach skin colored eyeliner "
"if you really knew me, you'd know that the littlest criticism can break me "
my mom is pathetic 
"kind of upset, honestly  i guess he forgot about me  "
uuugh i don't want to write that stuuuupid english paper 
let's get fucked up! gimme that alcohol!
i like it when you lie right next to me 
i do it for the drugs; i do it just to feel high  i do it for the love that i get from the bottom of a bottle 
 heart-broken  this sucks   
meow 
i like it on the chair 
half and half twisted tea  love 
 heart-broken  it's great to feel unwanted
"in btown with my dad, bitchezzz!"
owww i burned myself  sad 
"rawrr a bb gun, new clothes, new straightener, the lifeee! oh and chrome duct tape!"
"it's funny how people change around other people    maybe out of shame, or something  i find it lame, honestly  why be fake?"
sometimes i feel quite spoiled  <propfirst> is taking me home and i plan on watching uptown girls  maybe drink and smoke?
feels like absolute shit right now 
"asleep at the wheel, a red light mistake; take my life for what it's worth "
"don't tell me if i'm dying, 'cause i don't want to know "
i wish bfa would fucking turn heat on! i am getting a cold just sitting here! and i am not exaggerating! my nose has been running all enrichment!!
i forgot to post something about this yesterday    but    flannel boobies!
i don't like you 
"awww, <propfirst> just told me i reminded him of <propfemale> <propmale>  love "
oh yay for feeling uncomfortable in my own house!
"hey, teacher! leave those kids alone!"
is fucking pissed 
"wow, what a tool "
wants her life to change 
i need models for my photog classssss  we are doing portraits  it's black and white film 
wtf is this 9 inches bullshit?
"i'm starting to fight back, and if you don't like it- tough!"
guess who's got a big ole bottle of jager?  wink 
"i've gone farther in life than you have, bitch  smile "
fuck yes i have internet!!!!
"can't get the song out of her head  annoyed ! school tomorrow, then to the complex for the first time everrr  then taking pictures because i can't afford to have a professional take them  annoyed  first i can't even get any new school clothes or shoes, and now we can't even afford a pro for my senior pics "
hopes we actually do something in cosmo today    or not    that's okay too   
hi people 
"ohh,\<propfemale> <propfirst> married that guy? sorry, i was too busy having a life and\not caring about celebrities' lives! geesh, it's like they're gods, or\something "
stomach acheee and headacheee  i wish my breakfast was reduced so i could actually fucking afford it 
burrrlington again  laugh 
"a test for more, is what you're striving for as we sleep, we walk "
driiiinking tonight  fuck the dance 
gettin' druuuunk  and doing pumpkins with the little bro  text me  i need attentioooon  laugh 
rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr  have a nice day!
"my obsession with subway is over, on account of that i don't think i will ever want to show my face in the one in st albans ever again "
fucking liar 
"i don't know what you are waiting for, all you should know is that i am not going to start the conversation  i'd much rather punch a wall until my knuckles bleed purple "
"half day, pointlessss"
"is watching <propfemale>, wishing she could go to prom with a date    & not get covered in pig's blood "
did bfa win last night?
"saw 3d is awesomely goryyyyy  poor <propfirst>, it was his first 3d movie  playful "
yay! a wedding this <propfirst>'s day!
"jager, vodka, even whiskey, down tha shit, don't be a pussy!"
sick again  ugh fml 
 annoyed  people who nag me when i'm really sick piss me off 
 annoyed  someone want to <propfemale> tomorrow night?
"-->\i havent lost anything except my mind\e playful ect a thousand confessions that you will not find\i try to take off my head sometimes\   because i cant escape the memories\i havent lost anything except my mind\you could be empty\   & i can be right here empty with you\or you could be hollow \   & i can be right here hollow with you\if you wanna say goodbye to everything\   i could say goodbye too"
death sheds a new light for me every single day because of what you did 
ugh  it doesn't feel right 
is riding in a hummer! fuck yeah!
light headed  sad 
just sprained her foot  crying  owwww 
is a cripple today 
watching the breakfast club in cosmoooo   smile 
i am still hurting 
i am fucking sick of wasting my time looking for a job and not getting any fucking results 
ughhh so sick of these migrainesss 
omfgz i fixed my computer yay!
nobody gets it  i like to stick to my fucking plans 
funny how facebook says i have friends and i don't hear from any of them all vacation!
there's more to living than being alive 
"tomorrow is a white day, in case anyone was wondering "
misses mvu  crying 
i buried myself alive on the inside so i could shut you out 
hey  anybody  i mean anybody  text me  393-5266  love 
"wake up, my love, never thought you'd make me, break me  now i'm up, from below; such a brilliant <propfemale> you are!"
"in this sea of lonely, the taste of ink is getting old "
ew i just saw a succubus  sad 
is sitting next to a teenaged he man    oookay
"ohh, you should've stayed home, ya should've known better, yet i melt in your mouth like liquid sugar  you thought you were gonna throw it back in my face, but tell me: how do my leftovers taste?"
"if you feel like dying, you might want to sing "
getting my boots and windows phone soon  laugh 
i'm at the doctor's office    and there is one baby who is not happy 
okay my day officially sucks  sad 
snow day !!!!
wishes people would stop calling and bugging her  i'm sorry but i hate talking on the phone  i thought people knew that 
"there are no flowers, no not this time, there'll be no angels gracing the lines, just these stark words, i find  i'd show a smile, but i'm too weak, i'd share with you could i only speak, just how much this, hurts me "
what the hell is the world coming to when they begin selling uggs for men?
ohmygosh i got my boots !!!!  love   love ! hello warm feet and less falling on my ass this winter!
d-i-n-o-s-a-u-r a dinosaur
"\i am the most original person i know!\"" words from a dumb freshman who looks like everyone else """
can't wait until thursday!!!  laugh 
i fucking hate dreams 
omfg i wish it was thursday !!!!
"i feel like every goddamned day, i'm being compared to her  that's what hurts the most out of all of this "
you're not sorry you did it  you're sorry i found out 
ughh siiick  fuck this shit  wrgaerjkghjehyaet 
i'm not getting my phone tonight  sad  but i did get some k cups of coffee!  smile 
ok i gots my windows phoneee
"okay so i pretty much broke my sim card for the time being    still sick, wished i could have went to cosmo today  ugh i've missed <propfemale> much school "
"<propfemale>, please stop raping auto tune "
really does not want to deal with you-know-who today    ugh she is sooo fucking annoying!
some fucking friends i have 
"<propmale> the elf, what's your favorite color?"
"i totally just ate that whollle bag of cheetos, over 1400 calories    just so i wouldn't have to <propfemale> it around all day    i feel <propfemale> sick now    and i regret it     crying  owwww"
got one bottle uh jagerr!
"sometimes, life and people just are not fair, yet it still makes sense "
"tonight is going to suck ass    i have to go to the house my papa died in    and i can't drink before i go, because that's disrespectful   "
my tummy hurts  sad  kill meee 
dj hero 2 is my new love  love 
soooo much fucking fooood 
"okay, you know it's pathetic when you need to install shit from a cd for a fucking computer mouse!"
oh my gosh rugrats is on <propmale>!!
"plans for today: bleaching my roots, rock band, dj hero 2, saints row 2, the sims 2, <propfirst> shows up, then maybe drinking  lots of sequels, woah "
it feels so good to finally have some money! tonight is going to be sweet!
funny how seizing the littlest opportunity can raise my entire mood! bubbly  wink 
recently realized she now has the ability to let people know when she really doesn't like them  smile 
sluuut 
duuumbass 
douchebaaaaag 
"all i want is a place to call my own, to mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone  whoa, you know to keep your hopes up high and your head down low "
in & out of <propmale> in less then 45 minutes    ha 
anyone got any spare glossy photo for inkjet printers?
waiting to start my cosmo exam   
just found an old picture of zipper ginseng when he was a kitten!  laugh  aww!
"just ate a meal, getting ready to give blood!"
"is drinking coffee she got for free just by giving blood! ironically, the next time i can donate is my birthday!"
"sorry, but i am not a fucking aquarius  i'm a diehard pisces "
i think i would like to collect old broken cell phones 
bittorrent is god 
"second chances, they don't ever matter people never change; once a whore, you're nothing more  i'm sorry, that'll never change "
fuck <propfirst> swift    i would much rather alanis morrssette 
"someone, anyone, text me  393-5266"
like if you are a vermonter and you dislike canadians (especially when they can't drive!)
"wow, i hate you "
i need people to <propfemale> out with besides <propfirst> and my cat 
adtr ticket came today!
it sucks getting bullied by the only person you have to talk to 
ugh fuck my life  i have a virus that closes task manager 
"it's a quarter after one, i'm all alone and i need you now "
*headdesk* guess i gotta recover my desktop    again    fifth (or maybe seventh) time in the six years i've had it   
now to spend the day reinstalling everything on my computer  oh joy 
"jagr it up, bumblebee "
going to baysideee
"fuck the winter ball, i'm at a bar!"
i hate going to his house it's so boring!
fuckin drunkkk 
fuckin hungoverrr 
"wow, i love snitches  i think i'm going to change up my \trusted\"" group """
"if you see this status, you are one of very few who can now see whenever i update   "
suicide watch 
wants to move out  so bad 
"no school tomorrow, fuck yesssss "
ugh today should have been another snow day 
"oh great, wal-mart can now cash welfare checks    i think this speaks for itself   "
"and <propfirst> fortin watched a canadian go off of the interstate right into the ditch    she said she couldn't see that she even went off the interstate  i know she's a canadian, but i still feel horrible "
and now it is thundering and lightning out wtf?
"sometimes, it's just not worth being alive "
why the fuck does no one ever fucking listen to me?!
"ugh, i need a drink "
"dude, you seriously need to ask an attendant to buy a razor at price chopper? they put locks on the racks   "
i'm ready for the after party 
i got an interview sooo freakin' happy!!!!
listening in on <propfirst>'s brainwashing session   
"i'm not allowed to have my boyfriend over, yet your lazy boyfriend can <propfemale> around all he fucking wants  now tell me, where's the fairness in that?"
i really hope i get this job    been looking for months   
there's a difference between telling it like it is and just plain being a bitch 
rip <propmale> cobain  love 
interview today!!! i hope i get this job soooo bad 
"so, i have orientation on the 5th    does this mean i've got the job?"
"??uol?q ? ????? ?? ?nd os '?uo?? ?u??q o? p?sn os ?,?"
"just in case anyone is planning on getting rid of their arimores or vanity tables (preferably with drawers) i will happily take if off of your hands, because i would really like them!"
hi 
i miss the old days 
"it turns out there are over 200 digital photos of me in existence    wow, have i changed over the years "
this snow storm is definitely the best birthday present ever    seriously!
i just dreamt that i had a phoenix on my head 
"someone should come over to my house and make a snowman, igloo, and snow angels with me!!!"
fucking dreams   
why the fuck can't men pick up after themselves? i have my own messes to pick up!!!
"you're the echoes of my everything, you're the emptiness the whole world sings at night  you're the laziness of afternoon, you're the reason why i burst and why i bloom  how will i break the news to you?"
i never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that i keep locked inside of me so deep; it always seems to get to me 
"what i really meant to say, is i'm sorry for the way i am "
"show your wounds, i'm bored with mine "
"wake up, my love, never thought you'd make me, break me "
"i only wish you weren't my friend, then i could hurt you in the end "
no parking = no school 
maybe i'll never see you smile again  maybe you thought that it was all pretend 
"job fair tomorrow, should be fun being all alone with my anxiety in a gigantic room full of people  fun, especially when your fellow tech center classmates ignore you in class; imagine what it would be like in public "
"burn the sun, burn the light "
"i could spin circles around you, and hopefully it will dig a hole deep enough that you will fall for eternity "
"i've been dancing on the tops of buildings, & at the top of my lungs i'm singing you a song "
fucking haaaaateee school  and stupid people  and gas prices 
it's kind of rude to blow someone off and then contact them because you want something 
i haven't had pizza in almost a month  what the hell is wrong with me?
guess i got to find a new job where i don't have to put my hair up and don't lie to me about rules that don't exist 
bomb threat?
ha spending the day in cosmo fuck my other two classes   smile 
"everyone is changing, there's no one left that's real "
i need help with my accuplacer test i feel like a tard!
"microsoft, your pathetic attempt at a smart phone really disappoints me "
so pretty much almost totaled my car just trying to drive to school  i wish the idiots in st  albans knew how to fucking drive 
cuddy is leaving house wtf nooooo!!!!
should i get an in love & death tattoo or a chadam tattoo?
"well, at least if the rapture happens, i won't have to work tomorrow "
"aaaah, it's the mass of ass fat coming toward us!!! shiiiit, and i thought the scariest part were her fangs and vile stench!!! haha!  laugh "
ugh i don't want to work for the next three nights i have college work to dooo 
mama we all go to hell 
<propfemale> does anyone know if i have to take my hair dye out if i work at staples?
interview tomorrow    nervous!
"from the lights to the pavement, from the <propfirst> to the floor, from backstage to the doctor, from the earth to the morgue "
i believe the interview went well  smile 
sometimes i wish i had the stomach to start shit on facebook  there are some mean-but true comments i could leave on people's statuses that would be funny as hell 
"wow, mcdonald's is making me work 3-11 thursday night, and rehearsal is friday morning  thanks, assholes "
got my next interview!!  laugh 
guess who got the job?
"okay, so what exactly does coldplay have to do with graduating?"
i am getting kind of sick of strangers being in the house at this time of the night 
"if i ever decide to have kids, they aren't going to eat tubs of ice cream and other people's graduation cakes "
sex  and violence 
"my god, stupid people piss me the fuck off "
"as if all the bimbos working here wasn't enough, they go around and change tj maxx around so i can't find what i need  sweet "
tomorrow is my last day at mcdonald's! fuck yeah!
at 2 o'clock i will finally be able to paint my nails yay!
i need someone to chill with tomorrow night 
fucking all nighter  again  still can't eat 
"mayday parade, please come back to south burlington, vt!!!  love  i miss you "
"i like how my ex's new relationship status is on the \top news\"" section of my feed  even though the only attention it's got is his douchebag brother \""liking\"" it """
i might just end up in boston  smile  one can only hope 
more jager! yeaah!  wink 
"fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you, i'm out "
"not gonna lie, this doesn't even feel real "
"i eat boys up, breakfast and lunch "
"now i can breathe, turn my insides out and smother me  warm and alive i'm all over you; would you smother me?  love "
"if the shoe fits, lace it up and shove it up the world's ass!"
the road i walk is paved in gold to glorify my platinum soul 
it's times like these i miss having girl friends to talk to   
i feel like shooting someone in the face  smile 
i just chugged a rockstar within five minutes without realizing it 
"totally watching the <propmale> horror picture show while i'm on my breaks today, because i'm cool like that "
"in less than twelve hours, i will be on my way to boston, bitches "
"anyone want to join me to see skrillex in october? buy your own ticket, i can give you a ride   smile "
it seems to be obvious that i'm not missed back in vt 
you're such a gorgeous nightmare 
skype me  anyone  ashiixelainexx 
"in the words of jeffree <propfemale>; \smile and stop being a cunt  smile \"""""
"jager, vodka, even whiskey; down that shit, don't be a pussy "
i feel incredibly worthless right now 
"every woman deserves a man who calls her baby, kisses her like he means it, holds her tight like he never wants to let her go, doesn't cheat, wipes her tears when she cries, doesn't make her jealous of other women, instead makes other women jealous of her, is not scared to let his friends know how he really feels about her, and lets her know how much he really loves her  repost if you agree!"
succubi; they lurk everywhere 
i love how advice i get from from adults is usually wrong 
facebook does video calls?!
the year: 2008    relationship status: single    location: swanton    best thing that happened: it was my last school year at mvu     worst thing that happened: first break up and my grandfather's death     like my status and i'll give you a year
"right now, it feels like nobody would notice if i disappeared for good "
so i kind of want to run away for a few days and not talk to anyone 
"alone, as fucking usual   "
i just wanna get stoned and play some rock band 
just got my ticket to see taking back sunday motherfucker 
i wish i wasn't always your last resort 
"to put it nicely, i hope you choke "
"nyc policemen and firefighters are not invited to the 10th anniversary of 9 11 at ground zero (due to a \lack of room\"")      they weren't invited on that day in 2001 either  they just showed up and did their job (and lost many brothers and sisters on that day)  please re-post if you think they belong more than the politicians who are invited """
"deactivating my facebook soon, probably  no one cares that i'm on here, and i'm sick of wasting my time "
"fails of owning a smartphone: if i deactivate my facebook, i lose almost all of my contacts  fuck  my  life "
"i'm ugly, like if you disagree, if you're not scared put this as your status and see how many likes you get ?"
if anyone wants to <propfemale> out let me know  802 393 5266
"$900 to repair my car  sad part is, my windshield defroster and ac still will not work "
i need someone to <propfemale> out with 
"you're at a strip club,use the first eight people on your friends list in your profile!\the pole dancer: <propfirst> dalley\bartender: <propfirst> austin\your wing man woman: <propfirst> laclair\person who tries to get you drunk: <propfemale> davis\person to get kicked out of the club: <propfirst> fortin\hottest person in the room: <propmale> lindsay\drunk person in the corner: <propfemale> st denis\person that gets arrested: <propfirst> smith"
"please copy and post this as your status even if just for a few minutes, if you know someone who is alive because you can't afford a hitman "
"can today just be over, please?"
why are all men such jerks?
give me everything you've got now; i don't feel a single thing  drag me out into the cold rain; let it hover over me 
today is my first attempt at going completely numb 
just curious    for those of you who know me    what's my personality like?
"can i just fall asleep and not wake up, please?"
i guess i'll be drinking from this bottle alone tonight  heart-broken  
can someone just make me feel like a fucking <propfemale> today? i haven't had a day like that in ages 
"i miss the days when it was just me, <propfemale> hobkirk, and <propfirst> <propfirst>, hanging out in the hallway before school started "
"idk man, i just wanna hug "
"if anyone wants to <propfemale> out let me know, as i do not have a life "
pull the trigger and the nightmare stops 
four wine coolers and still barely feeling anything 
"haha, i might be homeless in the next year! great!"
"doing horrible in college, might not have a home this spring, looking for a new job, having social life issues, yeah, life ain't too fucking good right now "
the last two days have been amaaazing   smile 
come play darts with me !
