5ca984baed103c1426ee4f3ea26d2c77
so i've decided that snuggies = fail
wtf where's farmville?
practice random acts of awesome 
if you think both parties (democrats and repuplicans) have lost touch with the american people re-post this  it is time to get a new party in the white house and in congress!!!!
"keep it going-copy & paste the answer to this question on your status: what was the #1 song on the day you were born? just google to look it up, let's have some fun with this --- look away - chicago"
 love  ellianna  love 
so today's already a horrible day  if you dont  want to be my friend anymore thats fine  but i'll have you know i never  bailed on our friendship 
"i guess i'm wrong   i always am   i need to take responsibility for the shit that i've done, whatever that may be   it's cool   i don't need you   i'll take care of my own   don't you worry "
<propfirst> lohan looks like something out of the lord of the rings         
"while you scream at your woman,there's a man\ wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate, offend \and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how \wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he \could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man \stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against \domestic violence"
wanting to be home  blah
"<propfirst> starts his new job at ups on tuesday!  i'm so proud of him, he's gunna be working two jobs "
ugh  i don't feel good 
does not have time for childish people   have a nice day    smile 
blah
it's a girl!  i'm sooooooo happy!
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world   who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you   who would do anything for you   who makes you laugh   who is your best friend   who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for everyday then post this as you status ?"
"only\ an aunt can hug like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and love like\ a friend  if you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews, repost \this as your status!"
*whispers* am i about to lose my virginity? - ahahahahaha i love glee!
"the curious case of \<propmale> button is so freaking sad, that was so not the movie i should have watched hahaha "
"so\ i just read some reviews for paranormal activity 2 and i'll say this \now, there is no way i am ever watching that movie   not when there's a\ baby involved, no thank you sir "
"bonnie: \what's going on?\""\",5ca984baed103c1426ee4f3ea26d2c77,"so after sitting in the doctor's office for almost an hour they tell me(and the 5+ people waiting for sonograms) that the sonographer is finally on her way   then about 15 minutes later they tell us that she won't be there till after 1   how effing stupid can people be, blah i'm so pissed right now "
"i am so incredibly pissed off right now   my world of warcraft account was hacked into on the 8th and they took everything   yeah, would have been no big deal if they wouldn't have hacked into my email address as well and changed my password   now all my shit is locked and i can't even go in and change my email on my wow account, because 'its been permanently disabled' wtf "
i don't understand why people have to be so mean   if you love someone you don't tell them that they are acting like a 5 year old when something upsets them   they are suppose to tell you it'll be okay   i'm having a hard time controlling my emotions but some people don't get that 
blah fml
blizzard can suck my       > >
day #2 of barfing my brains out   i cant keep anything down again   i think im dying 
blah i'm starting to have some pretty bad stomach pains and i dont know what i should do     
"i'm still feeling extremely crappy   my doctor is completely retarded   she sent over the fax for the prescription but didn't authorize it   who does that?  i'm thinking about heading to the er, but i know <propfirst> will prolly say no   anyone wanna babysit? haha"
my prescription is ready   now i just gotta find somebody to go get it!  blah i wish i could drive 
acid reflux    omg  if its not one thing its another   i just can't win for losing
blah getting <propfirst> up is going to be funnnn    not
"your\ son will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your heart \for a lifetime  it's national son week so if you have a beautiful \son(s)that you love with all your heart, copy and paste this to your \status for at least an hour"
i wanna see the deathly hallows!
omg the fresh beat band should die     
doctors appointment today   yay me  not
redbull   with a lil bit of gin =p
happy thanksgiving everyone!
its 2 o'clock already?  where did the morning disappear to?
blah i hate getting up before 9   but i guess i should be used to it by now 
"13:  first off    you would be number 13   hahaha, *cough**cough* house   but anyway   you were like one of the first people i ever talked to when i joined the <propmale> potter message boards   you are seriously like my best friend and one of the only people that i talk to on a daily basis   you are an amazing mommy and your kids are absolutely adorable, especially the little man "
brody woke up at 6  why would he do such a thing?
"thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes!  love you all!"
brody just broke this huge vase of my grandmas    great
just finished season 1 of sons of anarchy   now i need to go rent season 2 hahaha
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire post  a man is still looking at his thumb  re-post if this made you smile 
gotta take brody to the doctor at 9   hopefully this will be our last visit there   doubt it though 
my back hurts so bad today     i cant wait to get this over with
ugh   that is all
the ending to season 3 of sons of anarchy still blows my mind hahaha
needs a new mat for a pack n play   anyone have one their willing to part with? or know where i can find one?
"whatever you give to a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given  so if you give her crap   be ready to    receive a       ton of shit!!   real women keep this going!!!"
i'm so worn out   i feel like i may fall over 
wants to play the xbox   but the little monkey butt won't give up the tv   thank you wow wow wubbzy  > >
finally gunna play me some fable 2    hopefully
i cannot believe that we just got up 20 minutes ago   i have got to get crap back on schedule 
"so i fell last night, tripped backwards over a dog, while i was holding brody   i landed on my butt, hard, he landed on my belly   now it hurts to sit   yay me "
blah    the dvr deleted my show last night   what the heck   it only taped last night  that's retarded
so   the dvr fixed itself   and my shows are back 
ugh    is it next week yet?
i knew <propfirst> <propmale> couldn't be trusted    just saying =p
doctors appoinment in the morning   hopefully its my last one till i have the baby   ahhh i cant wait
i wish i could just sleep for the next 6 days   it would make things go so much faster 
i love the nanny   always makes me laugh
blah is it wednesday yet?
yay for <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  sadface for <propfirst> poor guy   and i still hate <propfirst> <propmale> what a doucher
just took brody out in the snow for the first time   only out there for like 5 minutes but he liked it hahaha   just need some boots for him
just bought the new maps for cod:black ops now just waiting for it to download   bah come on
so brody just threw up in the bed   how lucky am i?  i know he has a temp but he wont let me check it blah
omw to the hospital   im so tired   is it 8 yet?
cadence <propfemale> 8lbs 1oz 19inches born at 8:25am on 2 16 11
"thanks everyone!  she is doing great, is big and healthy   i'm doing good too in like no pain at all, we shall see what tomorrow brings =p"
omg i definitely hurt today   cant wsit to get my pain killers
i would so love to have the laptop right about now   haha boy am i an idiot for leaving it at home   im so bored i would be happy with a darn book lol
how the heck do i send pictures to my fb from my phone?  i feel so retarded right about now coz i dont have a clue
can't wait to take a shower today   gosh ill feel so much better once i get clean   i feel super dirty   ew haha
"i can't wait to bring baby cadence home tomorrow and have my family together like its suppose to be, finally complete   i loved getting to see brody tonight but it just wasnt enough "
im up at 130 in the morning when the baby has been asleep since 11 wth is up with that?  hahaha damn you pumping
"soooo im out on the couch with brody, cadence is in her bassinet, <propfirst> is in the bedroom in the bed    tell me how that's fair"
i am so happy to be home with both of my babies   i cant believe that shes here and brody is finally warming up to her   he found her binki and took it over to her then tried to give it to her  love 
"well one child down, one baby to go   i hope brody sleeps for a while   im tired   i need a nap "
both babes are asleep  awesome now for some much needed me time haha 
cadence is such a good baby   its crazy   almost scary coz brody was so different when he was her age 
so i've lost 15lbs since i had the baby on the 16th   it feels nice  even though most of it was baby hahaha
so i totally just spilled 7 oz of freshly pumped breast milk and then discovered that the monkey man put my mouse in the toilet last night   what a day so far
yay for projectile throw up!
the laptop wont turn on or charge or nothing   great  kill me now 
brody's coloring and cadence is watching him!  or thats what it looks like to me haha so cute
i hate when it storms and im alone   freaks me out at least i live in the basement
r i p  grandpa <propfirst>   you will be missed   love 
not having a computer really blows   im gunna die if it cant be fixed
2 smile 0 in the morning and im awake   thanks broman    go back to sleep!
so no comp and my phone seems to have walked away   awesome 
just started watching sons of anarchy season 1 again!  yay!  i love me some jax!
think i might drink a couple beers tonight   hmmm havent done that in a long time
new sister wives tonight! yes!
yay for 3 hours of sleep!  if its not the baby wanting to eat its brody not wanting to sleep with <propfirst> anymore   today is gunna be a long day omg
i love <propmale> and <propmale>!   love 
why is it so hard for kids to just do what you want them to?  im so tired omg
criminal minds last night   omg so sad
well    brody is asleep on the couch   now im trying to get cadence back to sleep so i can cuddle up with my monkey man 
blah so bored haha   i beat fable 2 finally after literally years and now im bummed that i did   maybe ill start a new game
"why does it seem like the only friends i have are online(or thru txt msg)?  or at least sometimes   if it werent for you <propfemale> <propfirst> beppler and <propfirst> mullins,  i'd go insane "
watching the curious case of <propmale> button again   damn good movie
"brody will not quit screaming like a banshee   he\s not crying or nothing    just yelling at the top of his lungs   idk how his sister is still sleeping"
brody man just got up   he slept with his daddy all morning what a good boy   i missed him while he was sleeping but i had cadence so i wasnt alone haha   i love my babies  love 
ive had two hours of sleep and now brody is up   awesome    i love my life
