f6a2bb5eca40149b49ac05cb2b30b55d
happy new year!
"\common cold\"" how fun    [cough cough wheeze]"""
"feeling much better  watching the storms, now   "
"this morning's rehearsal, at the church, caught the attention of this little guy  he cupped his hands around his eyes and peered into the gymatorium  seeing me cleaning the glass and tending other things, he turned and asked    \how much do we have to pay"""
doh! intermittent internet   
still recovering from last weeks cold  i hope to stop coughing soon 
great night so far at the yellow box!
great series at the yellow box!
and now <propfirst> mays??? wtf!???
adding to my list of scare tactics  [evil laughter   ]
don't sweat the petty things    and don't pet the sweaty things 
"ok, my truck is going into the shop  fixing a locked up brake, ac refresh, and other generic tune up stuff "
"lol looking forward to the book \you need wrists to do that!\"" by <propmale> s """
"note: i have not challenged anyone to anything on fb  at least within the past month or two  if an app says i did, i did not  i may have used some shovel-ware app  and now it's using my name to get you to play, also  i repeat    i have not challenged you "
"is wanting to devote more time to his skills, and restructure his resume   portfolio "
why are my friend suggestions crowded with people i never met? i'm finding a few friends though   
going to texas for the weekend! leaving very early today   
"hypnotism- in grapevine, texas    more on this later "
is now a hypnotherapist  and i will gladly demonstrate this new skill when i have the <propmale>   
"also listening to npr broadcast of newport jazz fest  gonna be off to worship night, soon "
"long day yesterday, lazy day today  nice!"
meteor shower the next few nights 
"i don't know which amuses me more  an awful quiz that says i'm 100% evil, or friends that are trying to convince me that i'm not evil at all  lol i didn't need a quiz to tell me that!"
it's time to put on your 3d glasses!  ? doo lah doo ? doo lah doo ? doo lah doo ? [ transition to groovy ]
thank god for friends!
"just got back from a long day at a business seminar  dr  <propfirst> schuller, <propfirst> giuliani, <propmale> forbes, and zig ziglar, among others, spoke to us, live, about their secrets of successful leadership  and they called upon us to take action in these tough economic times  very exciting!"
might have to school someone on the differences of pentacle and pentagram symbols  symbol quiz shows my result as pentagram  but shows a pentacle symbol 
"i'm having another lapse in creativity  but this time shall quickly pass, also "
faboo! lazy saturday  yellow box tomorrow 
"procrastination is one of my favorite words    when it comes to typing it, i feel like waiting and typing it later "
"parents, the nut never falls far from the tree  chances are great that your precious-little-nose picker is just as dumb as you are  if you can't handle your kids possibly learning something from the president    how can you handle sending them to a school system that's considerably outdated?"
had a good time at ccc's 20 year celebration  despite feeling lousy  i'm not a morning person at all    and they made me throw away a perfectly good cup of coffee  didn't they realize that's a hazard to their health?
thanks for the birthday wishes!
"here's the 401 on the woody t g i f promo     if woody gets 500,000 fans on fb, by sept 30th, all his fans get a free burger  [sorry vegetarians  ;-p] add him as a friend, then register on his register tab to get a coupon when his fans hit that # "
i don't have the million-dollar-idea    but i have a million one-dollar-ideas!
- insert something witty here 
"i'm going to get a haircut, soon  any suggestions? styles?"
"gonna get ready for ctj and \to write love on her arms\"" event    as far as i know i'm running lights tonight """
"\you are god's masterpiece \"""""
"got my haircut today  looks good! but i don't have any good pics, yet "
dock dock < guess the bad pun   
"congrats on the peace prize, obama! for all the good deeds people are over looking "
"had fun at my brother <propmale>'s and <propfemale>'s place  my neices are growing like weeds, and their hair color has changed    lol"
crazy7 !
just finished off a <propfirst> <propfirst>'s gargantuan    didn't realize i was that hungry!
"i'm a bit more privy to this ploy than you may know  people think they are helping, but its just drawing these two apart  for now, can we play a different game instead? parcheesi anyone?"
"is watching \dexter\""   """
"remember, remember the fifth of november,the gunpowder treason and plot, i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot   "
sorry for the late notice on this    but there will be a lighting workshop of sorts in the icon theatre [naperville yellow box]     friday after artist community at 7pm  come if you want to learn about the lighting in the icon theatre 
"\never settle for anything less than your dreams!\"""""
"looks like i did good on video at the yellow box, this weekend  even though <propmale> sutherland was trying to psych me out    pan left, no right, left, right, right, left!  lol thanks for keeping things interesting "
"all i know so far, from the check up, is that i got high blood pressure and a slow heart    just waiting for the blood work "
"just heard back from the doctor    everything in the blood work seems to be normal  [except for glucose, which i knew allready ]"
"cool day today    got to see <propfemale> <propfemale> barncord stand on her \two legs\""  would have seen her walk on those prostheses    but they needed more work """
"my sleep patterns are crazy right now    going to sleep way too early, and getting up way too early  and i'm usualy a night owl "
cass just thought i said penis za! what? where's your mind at?
"did not get to take a nap  cause i'm too awake    it's gonna be a long day  cutting tickets for epic, then my \day job\"" tonight """
glad that i had work off today  and that i could stay away from the yellow box    i've been seeing a little too much of the church lately 
in case you are wondering where i am    cause i'm not cleaning at the yellow box this morning  it's my parent's 34th anniversary  and we are all going out to celebrate 
had a good time at the show  but still had to nick-pick and critique it     these habbits die hard 
"fool me once, shame on you    fool me twice, shame on me    fool me three times- aww fudge!"
"today i'm thankful, that i'm not a turkey    happy thanksgiving!"
pork roast is cooking and it smells delicious  food network is on in the background  everyone is talking food online  and despite a slice of good pumpkin pie earlier    i'm starving!
"going to be video mixing at the yellow box, tonight  see ya there!"
i'm the computer geek in the fam    which means i'm sick of fixing them 
eating pop rocks! i have not had theese in years   
put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or has had cancer     dear god i pray for the cure of cancer     93% won't copy and paste this    will you? i did
"\dexter\"" season 4 finale    no  no  wtf?! fing no!"""
"going to be cameraman at the yellow box, tonight   "
"my cell phone will be \off\"" for a at least the rest of the week """
"that's just great    got in a wreck, heading to work this morning  my truck has some damage to a non essential fender  but the other car    ouch! that's gonna cost me  and i could not get away without getting a ticket for \going too fast for conditions\"" """
"<propfemale> christmas, and happy holidays!"
"it's been a long evening    and as i aproached my apartment, i would have hoped to hear a jolly st  <propmale> exclaim \merry christmas! and to all a good night!\""    instead i hear a child cry out \""there is no <propfemale> clause! i fing knew it!\""    good grief """
been sick with a cold the past few days  hope to be back to work in the morning  ordered my new cell phone today    so it should be here by the end of the year 
"still sick    hit my alarm clock this morning and slept half the day away  for work, i got some e playful laining to do    probably will not make it to c the j tonite "
"happy new year! and 01 01 11    i pretty much missed it  i was out of town  so i did not party, and i did not <propfemale>n get to work through it like i usually do  in fact i don't know if i <propfemale>r really celebrated a new years <propfemale>  i guess there's always next year "
<propfemale> fiuren is awesome! though i think that her sisters are hotter and told her so  i cannot figure out why my arm hurts so bad    
"just before christmas i got into a wreck    since then, my truck started to wobble on the front end  today, i had it serviced    i worried that the shaking would be a <propmale> problem and e playful ensive  thankfully, i just needed to replace a tire  the  mechanic found that the tire was falling apart inside "
i feel funny    do i look funny?
"getting ready to leave work with <propfemale>, shes d jing the trip home with her music    a little nervous about the hair song    but <propfemale> is awesome and has the best taste in music ever, so it should be the most awesome car ride home! i like horses!"
"going to watch the last episode of  \the tonight show with conan o'brien\""   """
"about to go be tech at celebrate the journey, again  winter season begins!"
"going to work    crossing my fingers that it's an \easy\"" day """
more work   
<propfirst>
"picked up some free 3d glasses for the grammy's mj tribute, tonight  [ red   cyan ] i'm a sucker for 3d stuff "
"it's brother sister  week!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your  brother or sister or both! picture can be from when you were young or a  current one! copy and paste this, and lets see how many people love  their siblings!!!!"
c the j tonight   
i like when someone asks me to correct an audio problem    only to find that all the audio is panned right  easy fix!
"had fun spending the night with the egelands  playing vidoeo games with \jay\"" is a blast  also stopped by an <propmale> supply store to pick up a few drawing needs """
happy <propfirst>'s day! --- i was going to post this to most of my friends  but gave up after just a few    lol
ok v day is over    but that does not mean you should stop spreading the love  love ya all! [ except for you    you know what ya did! grrrr ]  laugh 
mad crapper strikes again! someone is taking a dump on the men's room floor at the yb   
"sorry guys  it seems this \i ? facebook\"" thing is sending notices to everyone about me checking relationships  which i'm not """
<propfemale> fiuren has a pain in the neck  and this time it's not me   
"another cool - awesome - random status update, coming soon!"
if you are looking forward to that cool - awesome - random status update    this is not it!
"- facebook, will you please stop trying to \auto tag\"" and send my photos to an event <propfemale>   """
are we having fun yet???
"i'm sick, and down for the count  stomache flu    *groan*"
feeling much better today  just trying to get my energy back   
great    now my dad and brother are sick   sad 
"\only children and imbiciles consider love to be a game \"""""
gotta remember that we all lose an hour tonight  spring forward 
another sick day  wishing the common cold was not as common    
"a couple friends from eureka springs, ar, and their families are in need of prayer at this time    the couple, to remain anonymous, have been attacked by a troubled individual  both are last reported to be in critical condition  thanks, and blessings to all of you "
"it's been a long day at the yellow box  5 hr work shift at 8 in the morning  then fixing and building platforms at 1  light op for c the j, 5 smile 0    back to painting, 8ish    home for dinner at 10 smile 0  g' nite everybody!"
"are we having fun, yet?  wink "
"i tried being myself  as usual, i stepped on a few toes  and i stuck my foot deep into my mouth  it's going to take some time to make amends  but at least, i will try  unfortunately, i doubt i will ever get the same treatment from those that have harmed me  as it goes, i just gotta take it one day at a time  thanks for your <propfemale> "
"why so angry? i really don't understand  there's been no fight, no war, no hidden agenda  yet you create this notion in your head, that i'm the enemy  i'm sorry that you think this friendship had to end  but i don't know what else to be sorry for "
"early this morning, i thought it was teusday  i was so looking forward to tech work at celebrate the journey (yellow box)    that was until i realised today was monday "
it's now tuesday  and i'm not mistaken this time 
"yesterday's adventure  i followed <propmale> in my truck, to return our brother's car in <propmale>, il  found out we had a flat on the truck just as we were about to leave <propmale>  20 minutes of changing the tire and taking care of other things, we were on the road again  thank goodness for the people that pointed it out to us "
my belt broke    dockery's britches falling down! falling down    ????
"online, i find people i have met but failed to network with  i now wish i had networked more  gotta learn the hard way, from my mistakes "
"it's hug an actor, tech, theatre geek day, today  and for those keeping count, seven more days   "
"searching for info about what happened to my northark drama professor, r e  <propmale>  all i see is that he retired in 2003 "
5 more days    other friends at work get emotional when i tell them that i'm leaving on friday  getting laid-off sucks  but everything else is looking up 
4 more days    yippie kayeah __________!!! [ that one is for <propfemale> davidson     wink  ]
three days    lamecore!
two days    im running out of witty things to say! ( courtesy chuckle  sigh )
last day    but it's not the end   
ok    i'm taking this weekend off  i'm going to be away from church  i've been running errands all day and looking forward to a somewhat lazy evening 
"double duty  light board op at c the j, and set the mix  cause sound guy was late   we'll let him slide this time  after all, this is vo    "
-volunteering at a church 
"just realized that, due to some tech difficulties, his last status told part of the story and not all of the   "
watching american idol finale   
overheard in the live truck - the american idol finale parties look like remotant parties 
seems like everyone in the ozarks are floating the rivers today   
"girls!  wink  hey now facebook, don't judge me! you're the one with all the pictures   "
"got drenched in \the storm of 2010\"" while running errands     had a minor computer problem this evening  so i ripped my computer apart and made things worse  now i'm getting things back in order """
more computer problems  yaaaa!
i would dare to say this computer is back in order     but i don't wanna jinx myself 
"friday was a long day    helping friends move, a wedding, then the reception  the reception    now that was a party! i have more pics to upload, soon "
"was not able to make it to church, today  hope to be there tomorrow  and the wedding pics are taking much longer to upload than e playful ected "
feeling a bit lethargic this morning  must be the weather  [yawn]
"now\ slightly toasted  \spent hours swimming with j  \sunburn go away "
"celebrate the journey (yellow box) tonight : \apprentice searching \c the j needs more tech crew \ask us at tech booth "
i gotta get out of this place    sometime this weekend 
faboo!
the doc' is in   
"children\ with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not\ contagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  most of you\ probably won't copy and paste this    but will you do it and leave it on\ your status for at least an hour- hey look a squirrel!!! omgbbq111!"
"my weekly tech work at celebrate the journey (yellow box) , tonight    and as usual, you are invited  still looking for tech apprentice volunteers "
"my face book is messed up right now  no messages, no chat, and random status messages from a week or two ago "
computer got a virus and  playful  won't boot    thankful for my kubuntu dual boot  trying to see what i can do from here 
"listening to lock, stock & barrel's album \time's up\""  very good country rock  you should check them out!"""
"glad that i got to see my grandparents, yesterday  it's been a long time since i've last seen them "
"finally fixed my computer, and have  playful  running  i could only do so much in linux  now i can finish some of these projects "
looks like i'm missing some files on my backup disks  fudge! except i didn't say fudge   
"i'm slated to give my testimony at celebrate the journey on tuesday, september 7th 7pm  icon theatre, yellow box  - speaking of theatre    i'm interviewing for a tech position with a theatre group in naperville, tomorrow  knock on wood!"
taking today to recover from the sunburn i got yesterday  tech geeks should not be out in the sun that long  the interview went well  i hope to join the crew of storefront shakespeare very soon 
"just watched the finale of \persons unknown\""  our favorite show of the summer  it's about some abducted people being dropped into a social e playful eriment while being watched by a \""big brother\"" group  the last episode made my head hurt  then we switched to big brother  they are all wearing sock puppets as punishment  puppets!  laugh """
i'm wondering how many posts will happen if i sync all of my accounts together 
"listening to some of my favorite music this morning  <propfemale> haltigan and the hooligans, dilana, sideshow tramps, wolfgang <propmale>, and a few more "
woke up to find my computer dead  the cpu fan seized  got a new fan  so far it's working better than the last  computers    it's one thing or another 
another year older   
"for\ those few that are about to wish me a happy birthday    you are still \invited to come witness my testimony tonight  7pm at the yellow box "
labels are for soup cans     wink 
"if ya got a money making event post from me, i did not send it  i repeat, i did not send it!"
important:  facebook worm propagating thru facebook events    remove and delete anything about making money and free macbooks that ya got  that's the worm   virus 
you are not as worthless as people label you   shed the labels that have been maliciously sent your way  labels are for soup cans!
c the j tonight    which reminds me i've got some light fixing to do  our memory <propfemale> is a mess 
"sometimes, i wonder if i should remind people that i'm no psychiatrist  and other times, i wonder if i should <propmale> these people  listening is something i do well   "
"last night was opening night  i forgot how performing continuously for a few hours at night makes ya feel <propmale> over the next day   having fun, though "
today only! sunday 10   03    save $5 on midnight massacre haunted house admission when you mention my name at the box office!
"tonight only, you can save $5 on admission at midnight massacre haunted house  that's $15 admission  no fliers to print    just tell them that dock sent ya!"
it's one busy week 
"some \last minute\"" audio editing   """
what a day    my new headset broke while i was editing audio  it just crumbled and fell off of my head  finally got the editing done using another headset  soon i'll be heading out to haunt this wicked fun-house  i will be out of town for a gig tomorrow 
"we performed a big show, friday  the audience was very excited  we freaked their freak  some encore magic was performed  birthday girl said it was the best magic show she had ever seen  laffalooza family entertainment productions book laffalooza magic theatre for your event or party "
"will be creeping people out at midnight massacre haunted house    i know, i creep people out all the time  but at least it's socially acceptable there "
"come see what haunts the halls of midnight massacre haunted house    \[ these shameless plugs will end soon  ]"
"- for the haunt, i've been letting my fingernails grow  [and some of ya know that i've been wearing nail polish ] last night i broke a nail  so, i clipped them all to help obscure the broken nail  the <propfemale> broken piece, that is still hanging there, is quite annoying though "
happy halloween! it's the last night to visit midnight massacre haunted house   
it's a new season    time for my next projects   
has been drinking copious amounts of hot cocoa   
"random thought while tearing open a sweetener packet  polaroid put out a notice that you should not \? shake it like a polaroid photo ?\""  because shaking their photos can cause defects in the image  maybe the song should have been shake it like a sweetener packet  no  it does not have the same ring to it   """
if i knew myspace would delete all of the comments on my profile  i would have tried to figure out a way to back them up 
in the middle of site designing  hope to post a sneak peek soon 
"have a  happy thanksgiving, everyone! it looks like i will be going to my brother's for dinner, tomorrow "
"thanksgiving part two  no, not left overs  the meal my mom did not get to cook yesterday   "
looks like i will own this smart phone by next week 
celebrate the journey at yb tonight 
"i've been quite lethargic, today  must be the weather "
"change\ your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to \not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight \against child abuse! copy & paste to your status to invite your \friends to do the same  smile "
now that it's the 6th    i'm changing my profile pic to a cartoon character costume from my childhood 
"now that i've upgraded my profile, i decided to change my relationship setting back to single  it did not take long for the online dating adds to show  i'm not interested in finding a mate thru an online dating service "
happy and safe holidays to all of you!
just got back home from watching tron 3d 
well that was an interesting three-hour tour 
<propfemale> christmas!
facebook a little buggy right now  what else is new?
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  however, to be eligible, you must repost this status, offering the same thing to 5 other people  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011  ready, set, go!"
"time is going by fast, today "
since this year seemed to have a rough start  my new year officially starts this week 
"i believe we are still looking for a performance location for storefront shakespeare    anyone know of a location near naperville that can negotiate with the company, or a short term lease? please let us know "
"i really don't mind people stealing my status updates  even those people who don't talk to me or never comment 1 status  that's fine  just a warning though, i lick every status before posting  so, have fun with that   [lol i stole this from <propfemale> davidson ]"
attending my mother's high school reunion with my parrents 
i can help ze bears    i knows kungs-fooling-you  i killz with my bear hands!
well that was something     playful 
just visited myspace to see what dire straits it was in  everybody is talking about facebook on there 
"my truck was not covered in snow due to the wind  so i do not need to scrape much snow off  however, it can not get anywhere soon  because it is surrounded by 2-3 ft of snow "
got the truck moved    so i should be able to get around now 
<propmale>'s world! party time! excellent!
i can't say anything or they will find me   
tech week rehearsals    need i say more?
"storefront shakespeare opening night for \as you like it\"" bollywood style! located at the yellow box in naperville  tickets $10   """
"oops, the website went down  server change! bah!"
happy singles awareness day    [ the markup on <propfemale> ends tomorrow  ]
"caught the cold, yesterday  waiting for my friends to get back so i can go home and rest  havinglungsfullasnot'snotfunatall blargh stupid scourge "
"tonight is industry night for \as you like it\""    8pm\",f6a2bb5eca40149b49ac05cb2b30b55d,windows keeps crashing today  i'm on ubuntu at the moment investigating the cause  it's either my net phone or the firefox beta i've been running  looks like hardware driver troubles 
sitting five feet from an air compressor with a flat tire  it's not my night   
japan had a <propmale> earthquake tonight  i'm perplexed cause i'm having <propfemale> vu  like  i heard about the earthquake early thursday or something  maybe a premonition  lots of live heart-wrenching footage right now 
feel like i lost an hour somewhere    well? what else is new?
about to be going to celebrate the journey (yellow box)    for tech crew  service is at 7pm 
i don't get out much    i need to fix that 
"unflattering picture week, already? it will be up there soon "
"faulty driver leading to an os repair = no fun    well, maybe a little "
now our internet is on the <propmale>  but we have that covered for now   wink 
if you get a post that someone likes a certain italian video  they did not  seems to be a bug going around 
late night snack    pb&j on toast! yum! ?? peanut butter jelly! peanut butter jelly! ??
"internet is still on the <propmale>    glad i have free wifi from the mcd's, next door   "
you can't fool me that easily    you're calling me with a recording that requests me to call you back??? this call is not as important as the recording claims 
"got a lot to do tomorrow  the 31st    going to be launching the beta of a big project on friday  more on that, after i catch some zzzzzzs    "
"i was just outside for a bit    practicing some cloud busting  if ya notice any of the small clouds slowly vanishing, let me know   wink "
"i consider my friends to be family  \reply: \but dock"," you don't like your family  so it's not much of a compliment \"" \"8c6cd6ebb2a26a6cf450b8aa2aa2 laugh 6f,"getting used to the family life, nice to come home to my wife and kids "
