188d1acdf6fb99cd72de4daa4f815c3b
"this silly kitten keeps sticking his head in my mouth  mmmm smell that feta, <propfemale>"
lost her phone  again  please send <propfirst> 
&*^%$_!*(^$!(_$&!
i lost my phone  again  i hate gerbils and the gd rock they live in  jayzus!
got a new celly  but it's not an iphone   :' (
is having homocidal ideations 
really really hates flies  especially the kind that bite and swarm around as tho i were a bloated corpse when in fact i'm not  gross 
likes to pee upstream 
inherited a mini-garden  it's kinda janky but it's fun to water  is it too late to plant catnip?
"thanks, ya'll, for the bday wishes! xoxo"
"well, well, look at me - being all productive, working on my thesis!! oh wait, now i'm on facebook    "
"whoohooooooo!!! last day of getting up before 6 am!! it's like christmas, minus the presents "
"figures and tables, tables and figures  ugh"
"ok so i just found out that a nurse i know, who works at a dr 's office, has to pay $400 a month for health insurance! hold on what?!"
"in case you didn't know, musinex and orange creme yogurt are really really gross coming back up the pipes "
"mmmm more ovaltine, please!"
oh man i  love  will ferrell - elf is the best xmas movie
"this morning i gave a talk to 4th graders about primates, science, rainforest wildlife, etc , and man oh man those little guys are almost as cute as monkeys! but with less hair and smaller teeth -- so i wasn't afraid of them at all "
ugh my stomach hurts  i hate my guts
where's some eggnog when you need it?
"\butchee know whut? ye cain't bake without butter!\"" who is this lady on food network? i love her! wish she was my neighbor or something"""
i bet sometimes god is embarassed to have friends like <propfirst> robertson 
eburg ppls: anybody need snowtires for a little bitty car?
"if i ever finish this stupid thesis and receive a bound copy, i think i'll set it on fire  and do a dance around it  and roast some marshmellows over it  and then stomp the fire out "
"i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i'mdone i'm done i'mdone !!!!! i\m dooooooooooone    except for paperwork"""
"back in bama!!  love  sun-drop, nectar of the gods  now where's some cornbread   "
 love  me some cutco knives  i'd marry the spatula knife
watching the movie trouble the water  wow  just wow 
day 73! fubp!!! man the footage is so sad
going to lodo's in downtown <propmale> with <propfemale>!! whoohoo
two weeks before i move to toronto ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
soooo whats the big deal with gay marriage?? don't understand why it makes people so mad   
thanks everyone that came out to see me last night and this afternoon!!! good times!! will miss everyone
soclose
so far    canada sucks  sad     *bangs head on wall*
"things are lookin up  thanks, my people, for the words of support"
"thanks, loves, doves, and dears for all the bday wishes! xoxo"
"happy international day of peace, jerks"
"just had this crazy impulse to go for a jog, so i hurried and did it before i could change my mind  yayyy good job, me!"
i've been jogging ~2miles almost daily for ~ 2weeks  by choice    i'm a lil nervous this is an atypical symptom of a brain tumor 
"suspended my phone 'till i'm back in the states  so if you call or text my 509 #, i will accidentally completely ignore you  i'm a full-time google girl now"
"instead of going grocery shopping, i took a nap  i dreamt i was at the grocery store and a monkey was loose in there and i saw it sneak to the deli and steal some ham  also, rasberries were $11 and strawberries were $8 and i was like well that's waaaay too high so instead i looked at fruity babyfood  also i lost my shoes in the store, and threw an avocado at the monkey   annoyed   weird "
oh man i just interceded between my cat and a really really cute <propfemale> adorable mouse  what do i do with it?
can i run a shag-ish type rug thru the washing machine and dryer? the back is rubber i think 
o canada!! i love that the packs of reese's here come w  3 cups instead of a measly 2  *swoon*
saw a raccoon up close and personal late late last night  so that's who's been eating the bread i toss out the window
what is with the mc hammer-style long-crotch pants? i refuse to accept this as fashionable
cracking open my last sun-drop  kiss (
only 1 more week of classes before i head to bama for xmas yayyyyyyyyy
"i am not going grocery shopping for the remaining 5 days here  if i have to live off yogurt, <propmale> n cheese, marshmallows, peanut butter, and popcorn, by god i'll do it"
snow! it's officially winter in toronto
"got all my crap broken down, packed up, put in storage, and ready to go - except for my mattress  who needs a man?! not me (ow my hands are sore  stupid screws and metal parts)"
i don't like the new facebook layout thingy  what i don't get on here for a week and now everything is different well f this s
"back in canada, back on facebook!"
