ac61b9c1029d479d5dedbd27481b185c
that's not my name
is hurting on the inside
is in love  love 
 love  can't wait to go pick up <propmale> potty and the half blood <propmale> video game which comes out today!!! wooo hoooo!! in other words you won't see me for a week!!  love 
12 days till <propmale> potty!!
is bellatrix lestrange
7 hours 14 mintues and 42 seconds till <propmale> potter!!!
"i've got a restraining order, against satan's daughter and i keep it at the bottom of this jameson and water"
am i really all the things that are outside of me
wants some chocolate covered strawberries asap
if man is 5    then the devil is 6    and if the devil is 6 then god is 7
"all work and no play, wish i could fast forward today "
yep i was just 10 feet away from jay-z and oprah  noo big thaaang   3rd row! keke
mc3's tonight  dollar pints!!! dont get much better than that  smile )))))
"they say it fades if you let it, love was made to forget it  i carved your name across my eyelids, you pray for rain i pray for blindness "
wants to know who's going with her tonight to see <propmale> potty at the budget theater
"<propmale> followill, here i come"
feels like assssssss
and if it rains on my parade i'll just dance in it
is thinking about buzzing her head?
it's snowing!!!
needs a napppp
wants to know where i can get a tattoo on a monday   
gettin a tattooo today!
put someone to sleep today in 8 minutes!
where have all the cowboys gone?
is doing the twist!
i gave up jogging because my thighs kept rubbing together and setting my pantyhose on fire 
being unstable & bitchy is all part of my mystique  wink 
is bellatrix lestrange!!
it's been lovely but i have to scream now     laugh 
what a beautiful day to frisbee golf!!!!!
mobsters 2 has put a spell on my mind!!
when you mean it on the inside you still can't get to me
one baby to another says im lucky to have met you  i dont care what you think unless it is about me  it is now my duty to completely drain you  a travel through a tube and end up in your infection 
i like you 
i hope st  <propmale> brings me lots of goodies cuz immma exxxxtra goood this year!
when you mean it on the inside you still can't get to me
god   i love mondays!! 2 dollar long islands followed by dollar pints?!? what more could a girl ask for   
"i never half step cuz im not a half-steppa, drink alotta soda so they call me dr  peppa"
excuse me your balls are showing  bumblebee tuna!
is eating a hearty meal of shrivelled leprechauns
is waiting for the boomarang to make a comeback
feeels like im gonna be sick
"they say it fades if you let it,  love was made to forget it   i carved your name across my eyelids,  you pray for rain i pray for blindness "
wisconsin residents for assembly <propmale> 554!! today!!! make your vote count!!!
i thought i told yah--imma <propfemale>!
sucks at life        booooooooooo
time to get happy!!!!!!!!!!!
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ?sister? in ? the ? world ? x2!
"doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status or send it to your friends   "
<propfemale> threatened to break up with me if i didnt clean my room  sad (((
wishes everything negative would leave me alone already!!!!!!!!!!!!!
check into cash in manitowoc was just robbed!
"frisbee discing, here i come  ive waited for u  its ok  mommas  here now "
a painful coupon could pay off
when there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire
show: your 22 right? ween: yah in like a week  show: so your birthday's in october?
happy birthday mom!!!!!
thanks wonderful friends for wonderful birthday wishes!!!!   now why won't my gd school of wizardry load     playful 
had a dream that i was watching the 7th <propmale> potter!!! ooooooo it was <propfemale> real i cannot wait!!!!!!!!!
behind every great woman is a man checking out her ass
my favorite new saying: in like a lion out like a lamb  thanx ?????? m?ha
"eat that up, its good for u"
"we laugh until we think we’ll die, barefoot on a summer night, nothin could be sweeter than with you!"
"one thing i've gotten with age, is free to choose  i have choices, i choose and trust my instincts  you can't do anything wrong because -um- you learn from things  a painful coupon could pay off  i chose yellow + i'm not sorry "
science and mother nature are in a marriage where science is always surprised to come home and find mother nature blowing the neighbor 
"its wednesday, get your hump on!!!!!!"
stuck between a rock and a hard   something 
fires outside in the sky  look as perfect as cats
i think i ate your chocolate squirrel
i want to live where soul meets body and let the sun wrap its arms around me and bathe my skin in water cool and cleansingand feel what its like to be new
why am i not sleeping???
feels at peace with the world today   what a feeling  smile 
"when logic and proportion have fallen sloppy dead and the white knight is talking backwards and the red <propfemale>'s \off with her head!\"" remember what the dormouse said; \""feed your head\"""""
"sometimes life leaves a hundred dollar <propmale> on your dresser, and you don't realize until later that it's because it fucked you"
"easy there, mr  testosterone - you can be replaced by a zucchini"
i want youuuuuuuuu to show me the way
"buzzzz buzzzzz if you love something, set it free; if it comes backs it's yours, if it doesn't, it wasn't meant to <propfemale> "
"is about to teach mlee how to drive stick   this should be fun \\  laugh "
gettin my hairs chopped today!!!!! wooooooooot
lufffffffs my new hairzzzzzzz!!!!!!!!
"i just\opened the overnight bag i packed at 2am last night  apparently all i\thought id need was a handful of quarters, mascara and one sock "
how can it be called memorial day weekend    i don't even remember this weekend
traveling tuesday??          i think so 
hot garbage
rainbows and unicorns
and you thought i was one of the neighbors        
"well i guess what you say is true, i could never be the right kinda girl for you  i could never be your woman"
"ce que j'ai fait, ce soir-là  ce qu'elle a dit, ce soir-là  réalisant mon espoir, je me <propmale> vers la gloire   okay\ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya"
"today   is a very very very very very very sad day, folks  furry free legs for the first time since fall  fuckity fuck fuck  what have i done  pfffffffffffft \\freak"
"psycho killer\qu'est-ce que c'est?\fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa better\run run run run run run run away\oh oh oh \ay ay ay ay ay woo"
i could never be your woman
if my father was an earthquake then my mother was a hurricane
is dancing on vaseline
excuse me? i can't hear you with my shirt on 
so mad i could just spit 
   remind me plz why i need a man??
dear hangover; get over yourself 
its been agreed the whole world stinks so no one's taking showers anymore 
<propfemale> vacation
"does anybody else have a sister that swam 2 4 <propmale>, biked 112 <propmale>, and ran 26 <propmale> in 12 hours, 2 minutes and 43 seconds?   didn't think so  gawd she is so amazing   love  you <propfemale>!  smile "
quick!! im going to the store to pick up hair dye    what colour!??!???!!
now our lives are changin fast    hope that something pure can last ?????
my <propfemale> my man
i wonder if my pup will stop this cute cuddling stuff so i can make it to the wheel of fortune audition on time    yeah i said wheel of fortune audition 
done with you 
is quarantined until further notice 
"walking up to me, e playful ecting, walking up to me\e playful ecting words, it happens all the time"
  somebody please catch my nose 
 love  broken social scene @ pabst  theater !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
white squirrels and black holes
"no <propfemale>, there's no tampons in the refrigerator "
uh hello  my name's <propfemale> and i like to party 
smack <propfemale> in the face 
" love \    ?????????? ????? ??????????\? ? ??? smack <propfemale> in the face! ??? ? ?\    ?????????? ????? ??????????"
i know i said i'd never get married but   kevin <propfirst> will you marry me?
your mouth is a gun
fuck you tinkerbell you're going to die 
is wearing makeup for the first time since     
"is carving pumpkins at <propmale>'s bar, stop down and watch me murder this thing   or lose a finger "
first night of pool league at buds!
boy you just a stupid bitch and girl you just a no good <propmale>
"i'm going to be my own sweetie on saturday and take myself out and get myself shwasted and take advantage of myself and buy myself something reaaaaal nice   smile   helllllllllooooooo sstinkin hallmark holidays, you will be my new best friend "
who wants to help me clean my car!!?
"a man walks down the street he says why am i soft in the middle now \why am i soft in the middle, the rest of my life is so hard \i need a phot surprise pportunity, i want a shot at redemption \don't want to end up a cartoon, in a cartoon graveyard \bonedigger bonedigger \dogs in the moonlight \far away my well-lit door \mr  beerbelly beerbelly \get these mutts away from me \you know i don't find this stuff amusing anymore"
the safe word is orange-blossom
got my first ever bloody nose  annoyed \
"buds, mustaches, billiards=  love "
tastes like chicken
"phone officially positively doesnt work  if ya need to talk to me ya gotta come find me!\\muahhahaha"
change of plans lcd soundsystem and hot chip tonight   wooooo gonnna be a good night!
"we got a minefield of crippled affection, all for the borrowed mirror connection\that's why i'm leaving this spoken detention, i'm a romance addict so that i can confess that\\i get world sick every time i take a stand  well, i get world sick, my love is for my man"
 love  make love not horcruxes
can't really figure out where that smell is coming from    it reminds her of <propfemale> and paprika boiling in a pot  *itch itch*
figured out what im going to be this halloweeen!!!
"with all this blustery <propfemale> weather i am leery tossin frizbees, but according to <propmale> miller i am \too god to lose a disc \"" wow! best compliment to start off a morning ever!! hahaha todays gonna be a good day   and i get a new phone today!"""
maybe this wind could blow me somewhere warmer?? please??
happy halloweeeeenie!!!!!!
i could never be your woman
i was dreamin of just you now my cereal it is warm
can't wait to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> krajnik and the rest of the fam tonight i hope she remembers to bring her party pants home with her!!!!
wooooooooah
why am i up so early and why am i not discing??
was having a good day until this ear ache came along and said \hey bitch," stop having fun \""     \"ac61b9c1029d479d5dedbd27481b185c,"passive attraction, programmed reaction\action distraction, more information\flesh saturation, lips on a napkin\ass ass ass"
i just want a fucking corndog 
"whenever i find myself between a rock and a hard place i always ask myself, \what would sweet <propfirst> do?\"""""
"no muff\too tuff"
"it's hard enough being your own toughest critic, however, it's reassuring when i can still make myself laugh harder than anyone i know   smile  life is good "
i guess waking up at 730am on my day off is what i get for being a drunkin mess and passing out by 9 the night b4  what to do   what to do? somebody play with me
"hey, i got the body of a taught               pre-teen swedish boy "
"hello again, friend of a friend i knew you when our common goal was waiting for the world to end "
"gosh, i  love  my snake babies soooooooooo much  human companionship is way overrated "
i drink rain and piss out acid cornflake kid befalls the flaccid
desperate don't look good on you neither does your virtue
got peed on by my snake for the first time today  ewwwww
gave a massage today to a woman who smelt like she had been saving the leftover chicken noodle soup in her crotch for the past 3 weeks  talk about a loss of appetite 
howdy howdy howdy
"of course it is happening inside your head, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?"
"groove me, baby "
"what do you do on your day off? i shouldn't poke you all day    \\im drawing a blank "
  ice bank mice elf  
"you know, god is a sensitive woman"
you can't tame these horses
in hoc signo vinces
warrens with the boys wooooooooooooooo! we're making decisions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"nyquil, the sniffling, sneezing, coughing, aching stuffy head, fever, holy shit there's a dragon in my kitchen, medicine "
will someone please bring us some nails and <propfemale> some shit up in our apartment for us  wink 
is gon get lebron <propfirst> and dwyane wades telephone <propfirst> at the game tonight  just sayin'   laugh 
do i dare say yes i do i hate being sick more than i hate vegetables  playful  and i hate vegetables so ugggggggggggggghhhh someone bring me some soup please with no veggies k thx cream of chicken with rice sounds good hey
tiger <propfemale> sucks  that's why we like him so much  smile 
i am cornholio!   heh   i need tp for my bunghole
wish i could massage myself dangit
<propfemale> ellerman has never seen the movie hot <propmale> omg somebody please borrow it to us!!!
you might walk the walk but can you wear the pants right?
<propfemale> ass sporrt cars really suck when you need to get somewhere and there's a blizzard outside  what must i do to get someone with a big truck to take me places in the snow??????????????
is going crazy i must dance!
"if you want a long lasting marriage, my suggestion is you marry a true bears fan  because no matter how bad you are or how long you suck they will still be there to support you and believe you can change "
i think you're a contra  i think that you've lied  don't call me a contra 'til you've tried 
high kicks high kicks this is how we do it!
someone can bring me lunch?
¡???? ???s ??? ?? ?ooq???? ?sn pu? pu??spu?? ? op ????u?? u??
"it recently became apparent to me that the letters 't' and 'g' are far too close together on a keyboard  this is why i'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \regards\"" ever again """
decided to burn lots of calories today so i set a fat kid on fire
anything that is unrelated to elephants is irrelephant 
teiam - problem solved
"\when's your birthday? march 1st?    is that april fools?\""   -mlee smellerman"""
some like it hott!!!
"i wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me\i'm gonna look out the window of my color tv"
brandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexanderbrandyalexander
tell us a story i know you're not boring!
"alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but then again, neither does milk "
is adopting a cat today!! weeeeeeeeeeeee! meow 
dance party's still rockin!!! \\m 
just napped for almost 17 hours and never felt more like a zombie
"yes, so i'll do the 30-day song challenge    but i'm gonna crunch it down to five days  smile "
"used to have a little now i have a lot, im still im still <propfemale> from the block pfftt hahahaha naah but i do got the booty"
soul unwind
if yous fall down git back up agin  unless theres beers layin on the ground ware yous fell then juss lay there an drink all them beers 
guns and flowers
lemme see dat booty bounce  booty bounce  booty bounce 
my soup looks like spummmm  salty 
the hate i won't commit
i dont need to know your name    i just want bang bang bang
reason #58 why i love my job: hearing people moan in pleasure like a cheesy 70's porno never gets old     on the contrary; it gets funnier and funnier each time 
but i'm <propfemale> tired 
new strokes album out today   angles! chchchchcheck it out!!
needs something to look forward to  
machu picchu
the inside of my chocolate wrapper told me to hug someone today   someone's about to be winning 
who's d*** do i have to s*** to get some dinner around here?
