7ab2a5b9e704142f88c896aa05a561b6
i am finally on facebook!  thanks to all who added me!
"oh my- my kitten, <propfirst> is playing with a tampon   <propfemale> <propfemale>- she is driving me nuts!!  where the hell did she find that at?!"
"i am going to do something productive today   gee- what a concept!  maybe some yard work, if it isn't going to be so excruciatingly humid today   "
"cannot wait for <propfemale> to move on from the \mom's taxi\"" stage   some of her friends live 20 minutes away!!  arghhhh!!  but then again- i will be so nervous when she starts driving   """
is eating a <propfemale> cuisine pepperoni pizza before heading to work in a few   
for some reason- i cannot sleep   i am listening to armin <propfirst> buuren   awesome!!!
feelin sleepy now
"wants more romance and spark in her marriage   why does married life get so routine after a while?!  it's not like we are that busy to think of fun, new and exciting ways to enjoy each other!"
got her butt kicked at <propfemale>'s bootcamp last night!  everyone should try it- great personal training in a group setting!
is totally being a bum today on her day off from work   my motivation for working out is dwindling   
"is going to watch \watchmen\"" in a little bit and eat some evil peanut clusters   """
is enjoying her day off- doing some stuff around the house and then going over to <propfemale>'s for dinner and refreshments later!
"is thinking she was mean't to do something bigger and better!  motherhood is one of the biggest challenges i've faced, and i think i have done well so far   my career is something to ponder   any suggestions?  i have a bachelors in journalism with an emph"
is happy i'm getting my hair cut and colored today   nick- make me rawrrrrrrr!!
is listening to armin <propfirst> buuren again- what a genius!!!
"is going to make tacos for dinner tonight and get the family ready for our world's of fun weekend!!  going with <propfemale>, <propmale> and their family too- lots of fun!!"
has laryngitis from screaming on all of the roller coasters   
went to <propmale> north high school fall orientation this morning   caitlyn is in 9th grade this year!!  i hope she will decide to try out for volleyball!
is going to go work out and then clean the house   wow- what a day off!!
feels like i'm catching a cold   blah  sad 
"is going to watch the \haunting in connecticut\"" tonight   """
really doesn't want to get ready for bed   but there is work tomorrow!
is starting her supplements again today   i am on a mission!
is heading upstairs to the bedroom   randy's watching the geeky science channel again   
is trying to incorporate that famous nike slogan into her daily regime   
there are only two options regarding commitment; you're either in or you're out  there's no such thing as life in-between  - <propfirst> <propmale>
"is going to work out and then get ready for work!  its launch day at <propfemale>'s secret!  come in and see our new and improved body by <propfemale> bra collection- softer material, memory foam built into the cups and silver hardware detail!  i will be providing bra fittings all day- don't be shy   75% of women wear the wrong bra size!"
is going to go work out with <propfirst> at 24 hour fitness   
is going to do cathe friedrich's core <propmale> on fit tv   
off to work i go   anyone for a bra fitting?
splurged on panda e playful ress   kung pao chicken w steamed rice panda bowl- yum!!
"is going to <propfemale>'s bootcamp tonight   my thighs are still aching from last night!!  no pain, no gain- i suppose!!"
is going to do housework- steam cleaning- organizing- how fun!!
"rain, rain, go away   for at least a week or more!!!  sheesh!!!"
is going to do some core strengthening exercises plus aerobics   geesh- the day is never done!!!
what a beautiful day!  looks like i will be doing yard work   
my mom and step-dad are in town!  they drove their rv from cali to here- i'm excited to see them!!
shoe shopping with mom today   gotta love it!!
wishes i were better in math so i could help <propfemale> with her homework   i barely passed college algebra- the very last class i took before graduating!  ugh!  i can write a paper like no other though!!
"is going to the gym to lift weights and do some interval treadmill cardio   my friends are invited to meet me there!!  i have a vip membership to 24 hour fitness, so if you don't belong- it doesn't matter- i can bring a guest!  give me a call if you would like to go some other time!"
partied just a little too hard last night   after weeks of clean eating and no alcohol- i feel like shit!!  note to self: do not do this again- please!!   smile 
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood     smile   looks like i will do some yard work and then off to the gym!
"really wants to positively change many aspects of my life   i am working on health, but should alternate gears to career and love home life   the latter will be the biggest challenge!"
feels like <propfirst> and i crashed <propmale> and <propfemale>'s wedding reception last night at the red nine in lincoln   they even had a cheesy band playing   
was a completely lazy person today   i feel guilty   and think i  know how the half ton woman may feel being glued to her bed all day   
"so much to do   so little time- sometimes i wish i weren't so anal retentive, i would probably get a lot more done!"
"i would love to spend one month back in the time where technology wasn't so important   like phones with cords, record players, no computers, etc   i wonder in what ways the impact has been on the human psyche since then   "
just found out on the daily plate that the meal for two at the melting pot is 1400 calories per person   not to mention 50 grams of fat- ugh!!!  looks like extra time at the gym!!!  smile 
"i am grateful for the men and women who defend our country every day from the evil bastards that try to <propmale> others of their freedoms   god bless <propfemale>!!!  special thanks to my husband (retired af- now does top secret network security for us stratcom), <propfirst> diggins (second cousin in the army), and <propmale> huffman (friend- af in iraq) "
okay   so i hope the store does not feel like a meat locker on saturday and that there is enough traffic to drive high volume so that we kick everyone's ass in the district   heehee!!!  go team oakview!!!
"wants to know- where is the p-touch label maker   oh and- just so everyone knows   who doesn't- sheeesh! but- i am not your preppy, white picket fence girl, but one who is the most open and honest person you will ever encounter   go ahead- tell me anything!!"
and let me tell ya   nine times outta ten- i am right   so still- hit me with your best life dilemma!!
"is having one of those- \did not get good sleep last night to work out this morning\"" kind of mornings! <propfirst>- our kitten was purring in our ears last night   what a brat!"""
its launch day at <propfemale>'s secret- come in and try on the new biofit full coverage uplift!!
has a fever   is getting the creeping crud that is going around   
"is having a spa day   sugar scrub, 15 <propfemale>  facial, painting my nails   ah- so relaxing!!"
go broncos!!!!
is bored out of my mind today   i really don't want to clean the house   ugh!!
"is wondering how people survived 25 years ago without social networking sites the internet    now, it just puts a serious twist on the saying, \there is a reason why people in your past don't make it to your future   \"""""
ahhh is relaxing at home after a long day at work- and i'm hoping i dvr'd the biggest loser yesterday   i totally forgot it was on   grey's anatomy tomorrow- can't wait!!!
is enjoying a frozen mixed berries and whey protein shake- yum!!
has to get nfl sunday ticket on directv- i am bummed my broncos aren't televised today   
my motto is: feel the fear and do it anyway!!
done done done!!
it's starting to get a <propmale> too nipply outside!!  i want warm weather back!!
thinks it's time to get my ass in gear!!
"wants something sinful to eat tonight   maybe some greek (chicken gyro, potatoes and side salad) with baklava!!  yummy!!"
is hoping today will be a rockin' day at work!!  hump day and <propfemale>'s secret- the two should go hand in hand!!
"had an awesome day at work- actually got zoned at the cashwrap for a segment- what a breath of fresh air!  seriously, being rezoned from fitting bras definitely has advantages   i got two angel's cards!"
uh   courtney    sharaz has come up with another!!!  love you!!
is wondering where do you draw the line of narcicissm and just supreme self confidence?!
go broncos!!!!  beat the cowgirls today!!!!
is listening to sharaz until <propfemale>    
"needs to refocus and get back on track!  sheesh!!  my diet and exercise have taken a backseat and i feel yucko   i can't let people who are not on my team sidetrack me- unfortunately, one of them is my husband  sad   does anyone need a workout partner?"
"is noticing that ever since i got my cats declawed, the litter box liner stays intact and my new furniture and carpet are unscathed!  sweet!"
we admitted we were powerless over alcohol~ that our lives had become unmanageable   hmm- says a lot!!
my baby is growing up   she wants to steam vac her room!  very impressed!
this snow is putting a sense of urgency in me getting a new wool peacoat and other warm articles of clothing!
go broncos!!!! beat the skinheads    uh- i mean- the patriots!!!!
so- i just found out that my husband can't get my birthday off  and has no plans for it   but has definite plans to go pheasant hunting next weekend!  ugh!!!  i am beyond pissed and tired of being the only thoughtful one!!!
there are flurries coming down again!!
is wondering if the effects of facebook are the same between mobile users and good old fashion at home pc laptop users   
has got to attack the huge pile of laundry that has accumulated!  ergh!!
just realized why i can't sleep- i accidentally took 3 of my afternoon supplement pills instead of 3 evening   ugh!!
i am sooooo freakin' tired!!  only a couple of domestic duties to take care of here at the casa   then i am passing out!!
is getting her hair did today!  relief from those ugly gray nappy roots!!
oh gosh- <propfemale> and her girlfriend are highlighting each other's hair in the bathroom   i hate to even fathom the results!  oh hair angels up in heaven- please be with them!
"okay   to sum up my day- i fitted a lady today that is 73 (she looked early 60's) and is married to a 51 year old guy   poor woman- was concerned with her body (the \girls\"" have really gone south) and with not working out because of the surgeries she has had   you guys have no idea- it still consumes our minds- even into our 70's!!  reassure your woman that she is beautiful- no matter what!!"""
its funny- if you play the albums that shaped your life   hmmm- memories!!  listening to <propmale> <propfirst>- my gosh   i can just picture my mom- in cali   (listening to <propmale>) telling me that rice a <propfemale> is a lazy woman's way to cook dinner!
"my advice- try on the costume at the store   i ordered the regular recommended size, and now i need a smaller size!!  google french kiss pin up girl   completely classy!!  <propfemale> <propfemale>!!"
had a fabuloso day today   i ran the sales floor all day until 5- loved it!!!
go broncos!!!  6-0 baby!!
is going to drive to <propmale> and go to lazlos for dinner and see paranormal activity tonight with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
much love and thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday- i had a great night!!
"from church today: \god's word is the boundary from which we should live \""  \""god's <propfemale> is every good thing \""  also- acts 17: 27-28"""
is looking forward to the 60 degree weather this week and halloween on saturday!
"the new 24 7 bra at <propfemale>'s secret is super comfortable!! you can barely feel the straps, has great support, and gives me the right amount of cleavage (cross between demi and full coverage)- awesome! come in, get fitted and try buy one today!"
"okay, so- when we were installing our new carpet, i took my cats to the vet to get them declawed so that the $3,000 frieze would not be torn to shreds- now <propfirst> is ripping the corner of the stairs up with her teeth!!  sheesh!!  off to wallyworld to get that sensor can of \i don't fucking think so\"" spray!"""
"is getting geared up for another day at the \office \""  i wonder what the theme will be today?  epcot day? senior day? celebrity look-a-like? i-just-came-in-for-my-free-panty?"""
i should not have bought my halloween <propfemale> early   the temptation has overwhelmed me a few times already   and 1 snack size has not been sufficient!
is excited for halloween!  gonna get the rest of my costume stuff today- hopefully hobby lobby will have a sweet lookin' <propfemale> that i can put in my hair!
"had a great time last night!!  too bad my purse got stolen from <propfirst>'s car (again!), which had our camera with all of the sweet pics we took last night!  my phone got thrown into the back of some guys car window- he called me this morning   i am bummed!!"
wonders where the brer rabbit hole is   i want to crawl into it   
is going to watch a dv'rd episode of the biggest loser   and eat a kung pao chicken panda bowl from panda e playful ress   talk about being somewhat hipocritical!!
"really does not want to go to my \yearly\"" doctor's appointment!!"""
is gonna go count sheep   
really wants to go to <propfemale> inn for din din    mmmm- spaghetti with italian sausage and a nice glass of cab!
"has lots to do today   and of course, not nearly enough time!  any good ideas for time management techniques?"
omg- looks like another gorgeous day- keep 'em coming god!!
is going to try the new swiffer sweeper cleaner   my gosh- when does it end?!
is ready to reclaim my identity today   
is getting really depressed with all of the drama in my life   i just can't ignore how evil people can be   so judgemental and twisted 
is going to have a fabuloso day!  drama mamas and evil doers cannot affect me today!!
<propfirst> and i are volunteering at the food bank today   should be interesting!
i'm ready to have a better new year   and hoping that everyone else does too!!
"happy new year!!  i hope everyone has a very prosperous 2011!!  my new years resolution: to lose 15 pounds (lose the fat and gain muscle!), to work on my spirituality, learn to love those who i dislike, and to celebrate and spoil with those who love me unconditionally!!"
loving the weather!!  thanks be to god!!  thank you lord for not making me nipply during the night   for sparing the e playful ense of turning on the heat in the house- one more time!  yow!!
"had a great time today- went to a new church (westside), shopped at the commissary with my mom- while the guys played golf at ironwood- it was so refreshing!  things to do: get a massage, sandblast my feet- i e  pedicure, remodel the upper bathroom and laundryroom, and spring clean!"
yippity skippy   i was just told in the er that i have a right orbit and maxilla facial fracture!  i am totally bummed   i have to call my plastic surgeon tomorrow   yikes!
"looks like surgery for me early next week- i saw dr  bruneteau today and he told me i would need a plastic plate put in on the soft bone right around and under my eyeball (basically taking the eye out of it's socket), as well as fix my cheek bone area- lovely!!  not looking forward to it!"
okay   so much to do   randy and <propmale> are going to <propfirst> for the robotics  championships   laundry   a never ending quest!!
ah!!!  i have the house all to myself till sunday   i think i am going to enjoy my temporary bachelorettehood    smile 
laundry is a life-sucker!!  omg- does it ever end?!!  i feel like i need to start investing in procter and gamble stock- for the love!!
today was awesome- got pedicures with mom and went shopping!!  except of course- i forgot to shave my legs of all days and wondered if the dialogue between the vietnamese women was about my prickly calves   
cannot believe the ding ding man is out on a day like today!!
oh dear god: please make it 70 and <propfemale> again!!  thanks!
facial surgery for me today   wish me luck!  say a prayer    smile 
a sign i'm getting old: i am excited about getting the new kenmore elite steam washer and dryer in red chili pepper!
is completely bored with just hanging out and recovering at home- not to mention frustrated with the side effects of anethesia and pain pills: constipation and being wired tired at the same time!  but- i am going to do some light shopping tomorrow with mom- retail therapy!!   smile 
cannot wait until <propfirst>'s ex is out of our lives   she is sooooo evil- talk about a fricken monkey swinging from <propmale> to <propmale>   
is getting hungry   maybe some take out mexican food   like <propmale>'s or something   i kinda wanna watch a movie tonight too- any suggestions?  i still haven't seen precious 
"got my stitches out yesterday   my eye area still feels like bugs are crawling around under my skin and it is still numb   i'm thinking it's the nerve endings trying to repair themselves   despite that, i am remodeling my laundry room for my new kenmore elite washer and dryer- which will be delivered next tuesday- very happy for the arrival of my shiny new red babies!!"
off to painting my laundry room- oh what fun!!  i will have to rock out   hmm- what to listen to?  maybe some ferry corsten or armin <propfirst> buuren 
okay   do not know why someone would schedule me 2 smile 0-8 smile 0 with only a 15 minute break- how is a person supposed to eat dinner in 15 minutes?!
time to get off my ars and start painting my laundry room   hopefully the foreign telemarketer (who is representing an american company- uh-hum!) comprehended i would be around to accept the delivery of my new washer and dryer!
is finally going to bed   hopefully <propfirst> isn't snoring his ass off
"has to go into the attic today and get the extra carpet pad <propfirst> threw in there from when we got our new carpet installed   the thought is kind of creeping me out- what else am i going to find up there?!  i so hate spiders, etc !"
okay- <propfirst> made the most incredible sloppy joes as usual   now we are decorating and he wants to watch the celtic game   i totally want the lakers to play them   ugh- but i'm not going to root for them   total rivalry!!
will be so glad when i can wear eye makeup again   i'm tired of the plain <propfemale>  smile 
is going to charlestons for dinner and then to the movies to see <propfirst> hood with <propfirst> and my parents  smile 
is hoping that the intellicast forecast stays true- mostly <propfemale> for almost all of next week- don't let me down mother nature!!
omg- <propfirst> just asked me where the vice grips were   ya- like i use those every day!!
is praying my mom will have a successful surgery (getting gall stones removed) and speedy recovery!
is about to use adhesive solvent to remove the old vinyl adhesive on the laundry room floor- i feel like i should put on some kind of bio-hazard suit!
is painting my front door red   according to feng shui- it wards away evil and bad luck!  just what i need    smile 
wishes she had a hunky do-it-yourselfer guy to help out around here   so many projects and i'm so anal retentive   i just keep adding to my list of shit to do!!  where is my white collar hubby?!
"loves the <propmale> feiss tuscan villa collection   18\ towel bar is mine!!"""
"am i the only one that thinks the \office\"" is so freakin stupid?!  <propfirst> is watching it   blah!  what is the draw?!"""
"go lakers!!! and my <propmale> bear- magic <propmale> interviewed rondo   how fricken cute is that?!  i'm sure he wanted to ask, \so how will you feel when kobe schools the f#%c out of everyone!?\"""""
go lakers!!  beat the celts tonight baby- i know you guys can do it!!  win another in boston   and then take it back to la for the championship!!
"22 years ago today i had my awesome son, <propfirst>- i can't believe how time flies!!  we are going to <propmale> (where he lives) to celebrate- spaghetti works and going to see \get him to the greek \""  this is true mommy love- i will be missing the lakers celtics game!!"""
"go lakers!!!!  please, please, please- beat the celtics!!!  that's all i want!!!"
"? ? º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? ?let's go lakers! ? ?º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º ¤ø ? ? \keep the wave going ? ? ¸„ø ¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø ø¤º° ? ?let's go lakers ? \? ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤…  all i have to say is ???(•_•)???the celtics\? ? \º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? ?let's go lakers! ? ?º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º ¤ø ? ? keep \the wave going ? ? ¸„ø ¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø ø¤º° ? ?let's go lakers ? \? ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤…  all i have to say is ???(•_•)???the celtics"
is now friends with a  brick wall
okay   apologizing to my (as my brother would say) kick ass husband   he really is not a douchebag  smile 
is going to order my bikini   hoping the girls and cellulite fit into the material!  never did i realize how tough it is to find something that fits!  gotta love pushing 40!
the erndizzle randy <propfirst> is making homemade sloppy joes tonight   yum   complete with grill roasted corn on the cob!
i love you mommy  smile  haha  hacked your facebook sucker ;p not really but yeah  anyways  i love you best mom ever! stop freaking out about the house being clean or not!!! hahah  wink 
is packing for my trip to missouri   can't wait to see my bff <propfemale> from <propmale> high- it's been 17 years!!!  <propfirst> is excited too   i am making sangria tomorrow   woooo hooooo!!
oh my there is so much to do around my house and i feel like i am walking around with add wondering what i should tackle first!!  i think i need a daily planner and some time management pointers!
is so grateful for everything everyone in my life- thank you god!!  i am going to learn and continue to grow!
free food!!  i need some hungry friends over here   cause some family members have flaked out on me and now i am left with a double batch of sicilian sauce with italian sausage and garlic bread!  i so wish i lived in a small town   sometimes  smile 
so another tree in our backyard has a huge chunk out of it from last night's storm   and we have a baby squirrel in a box in the garage (<propfirst> even put some acorns in there!)   anyone know how to take care of a baby squirrel?
"is going to see my plastic surgeon today about my eye   i hope he doesn't give me the runaround about the place near my eyebrow where there is clearly a raised, hardened bump (he put a screw or something in there fit for a linebacker!)   it has only been about 3 months from surgery, but i can't see this going away "
my god   randy is trying to tell me that <propfirst> bush jr  didn't have any knowledge of 9 11   being in tx- he is friends with the bin-laden family!!!  uh-hum!!
"<propfirst> is cooking ribs for din din- complete with cornbread, corn on the cob (on the grill), coleslaw and all the fixin's!!  he is using the \smooth and spicy\"" grandma <propmale>'s bbq sauce   should be yummy!!"""
"a quote i need to heed: \don't let fear steal your destiny\"" -<propfemale> meyer"""
i'm noticing that people are either of faith or they aren't!
oh today has to be awesome- i'm going to force it to!!
is excited to be getting rid of her nappy roots today   and no <propmale>- you are not chopping anything off!!
"<propfirst> and i got into a motorcycle accident on saturday- a car swiped our bike on the left side and hit our feet- it was a hit and run- we miraculously made it to clarkson emergency room   i have a broken fibula (ankle), but <propfirst> has severely injured his foot- he may lose his foot   he is at the nebraska medical center- please pray for him!!  thanks for your thoughts and prayers "
"thanks to all for the thoughts and prayers for <propfirst> and i- we feel incredibly blessed with all of the love and support from everyone  unfortunately- he will be getting seven inches below the knee along with his (left) foot amputated tomorrow afternoon   <propfirst> is doing fine despite the news   the road ahead will be long- but with love, we will persevere through these times  much love to all of our friends and family "
"<propfirst> is doing well from surgery- the prosthesis guy came in yesterday and measured his left leg for a limb protector, and in 6 weeks he ought to have the final prosthetic he will wear for life (there are three stages)  hopefully he will be coming home either today or tomorrow  thanks again for all of the love, prayers, and well wishes from our friends  smile "
"i totally miss my house, my job (the customers i meet and most especially my co-workers), my daughter full-time (who is now at her dad's house), my friends, and the freedom to go anywhere i want at anytime   i know this is a lesson from god- i am definitely learning <propfemale> and a deeper appreciation for everything, but i have to admit i feel lonely and removed from everything- it is so frustrating!"
i'm going home tomorrow   just to <propfemale> out- i feel like shit   i'm leaving early 
13 more days till my cast is off   cannot wait!  i hope i won't even need a walking cast after the other comes off!!  i also hope the weather will cooperate in letting me finish the summer projects that were left unfinished by the accident- i still have some painting to do   
i'm officially in lust with nearly every hunky handyman on hgtv diy   and envious of their wives- they get husbands who care about updating designing- and the paycheck from being on television- geesh!!
"ugh- i feel gross   i think i am going to hop (<propfemale> <propfemale>) into the shower and then read the <propfemale> michaels book, \master your metabolism\"" that is collecting dust on my coffee table   it's time to make a positive life change- especially since the big 4-0 is fast approaching!!"""
"from <propfemale> michaels: fun fact i \just read: if you eat a typical amount of beef (66 5 pounds a year), \switching to <propfemale> grassfed beef will save you 17,733 calories a \year—without requiring any willpower or change in your eating habits  if\ everything else in your diet remains constant, you'll lose about six \pounds a year if all americans switched to grassfed meat, our national epidemic of obesity might diminish "
well- i got my cast off yesterday! never in my life have i been so ready to get rid of something! no more crutches- whew! i am now wearing a boot for at least the next 2 weeks and have to go through physical therapy twice a week for a month   i never thought i'd say this but i am so excited to be able to do laundry!
"<propfirst> and the boys are in south <propfemale> hunting this weekend- it already feels wonderful- since we have been house bound together for the past couple of months (i truly wanted to stab him with my crutch a few times!)   hmmm- maybe my motto will be, \while the cats away- the mouse will play!!\"""""
so- i think i will venture out to barnes and <propmale> to see if they have another book in a series i am reading   charlaine <propmale>- living dead in dallas   (i guess it is based on the hbo series true blood- i will have to rent those too!)
three to homecoming at <propmale> north tonight   nathan is the first home-whew!
just chillin' tonight   about to organize the basement   ugh!!  i can't count how many times i've been to the goodwill in the past few months- feels good to purge though  smile 
i like it wherever is convenient for me to lay it down!!
"<propfirst> and <propfirst> are putting together the bond rochester firebowl i bought   yee haww- gotta love ambience during the \colder\"" fall months!!"""
<propfirst> walked for the first time today in 2 1 2 months- he got to try on his prosthetic limb!  it was really cool seeing him use two legs and he didn't even have to <propfemale> on to the parallel bars!  they are going to tweak everything and he should be getting the first prosthetic he will use (for the next 6 mos ) on wednesday   talk about christmas in october!!
oh parent teacher conferences today- there better not be any surprises!!  or else i'm gonna lay the smack down!!
omg- <propfirst> put on the mullet wig for my party   totally hilarious!!  he said all he wanted back then was to be able to put a part of his hair in his mouth   omg- the wig brought back memories for him lol!!!  comedy!!  let me tell you people- we have been through lots- yet- free food and beer- and the utmost care you can imagine afterwards  smile 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!  and- most importantly a special thanks to my friends who came to my party on friday to help me celebrate- i love you guys soooo much!!!  i have had the most fabulous weekend- couldn't have asked for anything better!!
wow the calmness of my house   it is truly bittersweet- i miss everyone and <propfirst> is back at work today- i almost feel like a mother who just sent her kid off to his first day of kindergarten!!  he will do fine- i know   for me- i just hope the doctor gives me the go ahead (appt 10 2 smile  to get back to selling bras and panties- <propfemale> <propfemale>!!
"just love it when the truck won't start!!  today i am getting a ct scan on my ankle to see whats going on- my orthopedic doctor said my x-rays don't look favorable  sad   after that i will be getting an mri to examine the soft tissues, etc   keep your fingers crossed that i will be fine   i am going nuts not being able to exercise and everything!!"
mmmm <propfirst> is making french toast and bacon this morning- yummy!!  i will have to give him a trick for his treat- happy halloween!!  wink 
okay- after the thrilling (i'm gagging in my mouth cause i'm a bronco's fan) chiefs win (<propfirst>'s team)- i am making sicilian spaghetti with meatballs   gotta love it!!!  smile 
well today i am going back to the land of bras and panties   skippidy doo-dah!!  don't forget those special ladies on your christmas list this year- come into <propfemale>'s secret for some awesome gifts to give her!!
weeeee whooooo gooooo broncos!!
"go huskers!!  i have the complete zen in my house: dad, step-mom, brother and 95 year old grandma in the house!!"
"happy thanksgiving to all of my wonderful family and friends!!!  i am so grateful for having an awesome husband, great kids, and most of all- my life- which was spared from a motorcycle accident- thanks be to god!!"
"omg- i have to be to work at 5:45 a m !!  uhmmm- i am glad that i am not a rocket scientist, but on the other hand- at <propfemale>'s secret- dealing with women who want what they want when they want it   could put the two jobs on the same stress level!!!"
christmas decorating with the hubby   and along the way- cleaning the homestead as we go!  we are listening to christmas classics and lighting candles- the perfect ambience!!
"loading swag   \???????????????\100% complete"
"omg- <propfirst> is traveling tomorrow   hence airport security- it's kinda ironic considering he has a top secret security clearance!!  but still- i offered to buy him some of the athletic \tear away\"" pants- so he could strip quickly without having to wear just his skivvies to the airport!!!"""
how do you feel when history repeats itself in your life?!
"so- i had the most amazing day with my son aaron   of course- not usual- but, he knows what he is getting for christmas   it kind of changes when you get older i guess- he tried on shoes (i bought them), he tried on jeans at the buckle (i bought them), he wanted an affliction thermal (i bought that too  smile    he will still have surprises in his stocking  smile "
here's to laundry   and i'm the only one who truly knows how to do it!!  smile 
"my friend <propfemale>'s husband- <propmale> and his brother- <propfirst> were on a missions trip to mexico    they were in a horrible accident  the family made a video of the whole ordeal  this is probably the most touching video i've ever watched    here is the link; you have to see this!\http annoyed  www photographybytiffanie com proofs lambchristmas james1 html"
looks like i am still on my own no matter what (<propfirst> is getting money from losing his leg- even though i feel the repercussions every day!)   he is wanting to do so many things that i am not cool with   geez- i feel like i am single(d) out   uh wait- maybe i am?!!!
now listen up   she's a razor sharp   
yesterday is history   tomorrow is a mystery   and today?  today is a gift   that's why we call it the present   ~babatunde olatunji
ugh- got the stomach flu   i really want to eat something but i can't!!  not fun!!
my daughter <propfemale> is 16 today!!  another driver in the house   wow- how time has flown by quickly!!
"<propfirst> and his boys headed out this morning to kansas city to watch the chiefs game at arrowhead and i am left here all by my lonesome (sniffle, sniffle- not!) to do some online shopping- what a trade off!!  should i dare say, \go ravens?!\""  lol!!"""
organic milk tastes sooooo much better than the regular stuff!!  so fresh   looks like i will be shopping more at whole foods!!  i think i am going to try <propmale> bread next   
"just booked our tickets to puerto vallarta, mexico!!!  we are leaving in april and traveling with our dearest friends, the mcanally's and jojo!!  cannot wait!!!  this definitely means i need to get to the gym- what motivation!!"
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates: 1 1 11, 11 1 11, 1 11 11, and 11 11 11  now, in light of that, take the last 2 digits of the year you were born, plus the age you will be this year, and what does it equal? yes, 111\and for kids, its 11   freaky!"
day 1 of personal training   a guy named <propfirst> is going to start whipping me into shape at 24 hour fitness!!  not looking forward to the calipers   i'm sure i have at least 20% body fat   right now i weigh 136- my goal is 118-120  smile   10 weeks- i can do it!!
time for <propfemale> michaels to kick my behind   i am finally starting the 30 day shred video in conjunction with my personal training!!  i swear i could barely pick up a panty at work last night!!  but- it will be sooooo worth it!!
"awww- i am taking <propfemale> to her first job interview for a cashiering position at bag n save   i coached her on interviewing- tips, what to say, etc   cross your fingers for her!!"
so- i have lost 4 pounds so far in a little over 2 weeks and 4 5 inches from my body measurements!  yay!!  i have at least 14 pounds to go by april 10th!
