f80da5f210773dfb16dcef22b93665ce
"wishin i could get a nice bubbly pedicure   but i spent too much $ this week  sadness  :,("
gotta love manis & pedis!! feelin' like a million bucks  smile 
go rays!! 9-3 so far!
haha- make that 10-3!!
why is it when you're bored you just wanna spend money? grrrr 
it is freaking hailing ice cubes outside!!
thinking about volunteering   just gotta find the right cause     
first day on the job    success!!  smile  yay!
"i don't know why i feel the need to publicly admit this (at least to ya'll) but i just did a load of laundry and forgot to put the soap in   (dumbass)   i didn't even realize it until i was starting a 2nd load   after i put the 1st, non-soapy load in the "
chinese food leftovers- mmmmmmm  smile 
"a sweep, a shutout and a 4 game winning streak! go rays!! 48-39"
if change is inevitable    where's mine?
"post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you!! this is fun and should be interesting  smile "
"meeting my chica <propfemale> for lunch  smile  then, workin on the internet biz- that's the only \j o b \"" i actually enjoy doing anymore """
"ok, nuff with the damn quizzes   signing off! nite!"
wish it wasn't raaaiinniiiiinngg      playful  unless of course it was raining money!!  laugh 
"so if any ladies out there want to exercise at home and have brighthouse digital cable, check out channel 353 \exercise tv\""   i did 3 \""legs and buns\"" videos (30 <propfemale> workout) and they work you out good! it was burning! and i'm sore 2day- haha """
"bout to watch <propfemale>'s best dance crew! 2nite is the \beyonce challenge\""    should be interesting """
"don't fight fire with fire  it really does no good what-so-ever  many times though, it's your impulse reaction and nothing else feels more fulfilling at the time  just don't let your words or actions burn too much  (boy that sounds like a horoscope- haha) enough jokes, i'm being serious "
i am sooooooo excited about my b-day party this weekend!!! we gon' do it diddy style  wink  tons of pix to come!!!!
"in ft  lauderdale bout to start gettin ready for my b-day party!!! yes, it's 6 and i won't be getting to the club til 11 but a girl can't wait!! plus, i gotta make miracles w  my hair  mia here i come!!! guess i'll have to skip the nap   but i don't want to  hmm   "
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!! i'm having a really great time  smile 
in the process of downloading pix from my cam and then posting on here   but i drank some theraflu so i dunno how far i'll get  i have almost 200 pix 
getting slllleeepppppyyyyy     i'll have the pix up 2mor    nite  smile 
time for theraflu and the bed   nite nite  smile  zzzzzzzzzz
"waiting for more birthday pix from everyone    yeah, i'm impatient   smile "
"is wishing for more excitement   not drama, just excitement  "
"kayne's apology was not very believable to me    too dramatic   he paused like he was choked up but i didn't even hear it in his voice    he couldn't even be a man and look up, u know how ppl look down when they lie? still an asshole to me  take your time off kanye   "
life is best enjoyed with company  smile 
"our daily monsoon came, right on time  be safe to all who has to drive in it!"
"goin to the rays game tonight!! boys, you better win!! this is a b-day present from my mom  smile "
anyone out there a small business owner or know one personally?
"i skipped dinner    sad  now i'm starving!!! gotta eat (no, not checkers) heh"
"i missed going to the gym 2nite :,("
"after having my iphonoe for almost a year, at&t finally got w  the program and now allows me to send receive pix (thru texts vs  email)!! so exciting, i feel like i got a whole new phone!"
i have to watch the abdc finale on a tv screen that's smaller than my computer monitor!! aaahhhh!!! this sucks   troubled 
it is soooo pretty outside!! probably because there's only 42% humidity vs  the normal 1000%  haha   i love this time of year  smile 
i need a hug
made 2 websites last week   they promote a product i sell for another business  they turned out nice!     check 'em out   smile  http annoyed  www butterfly--tattoos net  and http annoyed  www tribal--tattoos org 
i got such a pretty tan today!! yay- no burn!!
"my 16 year old cousin told me today that i look 22, not 26  what a sweet kid "
"it doesn't take me losing something to know what i have, which is why, by fault, i want to keep everything and everyone i care about close to me   annoyed "
"let's play the \i've learned   \"" game  i've learned that you shouldn't give all your love away; you should keep a good amount of it for yourself  now your turn  complete the sentence & post   smile """
buurrrrrrrr!!!!! it's chilly w o the sun! (i am such a florida girl- hahah)
"you know, i've learned that however old or young you feel, is how old or young you'll look to others "
got the hiccups    they're starting to hurt! who's thinkin bout me? hehe- stop already!
i hate it when i need attention 'n no one's giving it to me   or having to occupy myself to get thru these solo times   prolly the 2 crappiest parts abt growing up as an only child  grr 
sweet tooth go away- don't make 2nite's crazy-hard yoga class be in vain!
time 4 the gym     
itchin' to go out
"the sky is absolutely breathtaking right now!  smile  as i was <propfemale> gazing, i saw a shooting <propfemale>  smile  hope my wish comes true  smile  nite nite to those who are still up  zzzzzzz"
i wish i was doin somethin for halloween    but it won't kill me if i don't  i don't even have a costume- haha  i can't even think of what i'd want to be! oh well  smile 
i dont like hostile environments- they disrupt my <propfirst>
man the gym was good- i think i'ma show off my legs this weekend! hahah
gotta go to beeeeedddddddd!!!!!! nite nite
i feel like a over-cooked noodle!!! (went to a bootcamp class at the gym) it was killer!
"more is not always better  like for instance, too much teriyaki sauce in your stir fry  sad  uhhgggg"
is so in the dancing mood right now- but when am i not? lol!!
"time goes by too fast   has anyone found a slo-mo button yet? just a week ago i was visiting my bff, whom i already miss   again  i seriously wish this world would slow down before it spins outta control "
ohh how i wish      *daydreaming*
"i can't believe that after working 4 weddings this weekend, i actually watched 27 dresses tonight (well, the last hour)  cute movie too - and i'm so not a chick-flick kinda girl "
i ordered new glasses today!! such a different look from my current ones  so excited to get 'em next week!!
my new glasses came today! that was quick!!
getting sleepy   nite nite    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"going to the gym    but my awesome spaghetti dinner made me full 'n sleepy!  sad  oh well, gotta go anyway "
is wishing the <propfemale> fashion show @ <propmale>'s was more like $10   then i'd be there in a heartbeat 
what a loooonnnggg day   
"i am just bouncing off the walls right now cuz i'm making money without having a \job\""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i *should* be sleeping cuz i have a busy and early day 2mor (later 2day) but i'm just sssoooooooo excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aahhhhh!!!!!!!!!! go me  smile  i'm so blessed!!!!!!!!!"""
hershey kiss mint truffles are the boooommmbbb!!!!! mm mm mmm!
is upset her purse got stolen today     annoyed  but the f*cker didn't get my phone (thank you jesus!)   just my camera  sad  'n ipod  sad  'n coach wristlet  sad  and $6   and all the plastic  attention <propfemale>- go do your job now!! thank you  smile  i hope they're disappointed with the crap they got from me    but i liked all my crap  the nerve of some people    *sigh* ok i'm done here 
"if life were not random, it'd be boring "
i'm so torn!!!! ahh!!!
i barely slept this weekend (who really sleeps in miami anyway?) & i was so looking foward to catching up on my zzzs 2nite    but that doesn't seem to be happening  i'm exhausted!    but my mind is racing 
i choose high-quality over high-quantity  smile 
late nite thoughts    i love it when all the pieces start to click and all the seeds start to grow and everything just flooowwws together    maybe this is forshadowing 2010? that'd be nice! ~goodnight~
"i got an une playful ected check in the mail!!! i almost cried  now i can have christmas!!! thank you,  thank you,  thank you,  thank you,  thank you,  thank you,  thank you!!!!!"
bbuurrrrrrr!!!!! this ain't florida!!   i gotta go more south 
"wishing i had a space heater    for real, i'm not made for the cold "
i love these shoes    http annoyed  www aldoshoes com us women pumps peep-toe 75667600-mickolick 53 
how bad do u guys think the traffic will be on i-75 south towards miami during the early afternoon on new years <propfemale>? crazy?
"late fees just urk me!!! yes, it's my fault but damn, a $40 punishment? damn ppl are lucky to get my minimum payment- sheez  you know how much money these creditors collect from late fees???   so why is this country so in debt? oh yeah, cuz my lates fees are paying the salaries of the ceos 'n shit  greedy bastards  *sigh* sorry ya'll "
off to the gym to get warm  i'm so over this cold weather 
i love and miss 90's r&b   they just don't make music like they used to   or am i just getting old?
just finished a job application   time for b e d  finally  goooood nite 
"k, nuff w  youtube   going to bed!!!! goodnite 2 all!!"
need to go to bed!!! aahh   such a night owl 
trying to make myself a work schedule   but i feel more like a teacher making lesson plans    and my eyes and brains are crossing! @ playful 
"time 4 bed   finally  juju, go to bed too  wink "
"so for this celebrity look-alike thing goin on    i've been told i look like a whole lot of ladies and i don't know where to start   <propfemale> biel, <propfemale> <propfemale> (?), <propfemale> mcgowan, <propfemale> keys, uh   <propfemale> way back in the day   i dunno, i 4get the rest   who do ya'll think?"
bedtime    
is antsy
"\build your kingdom before you find your king\"""""
is needing a change of scenery   something tropical  smile 
man i'm antsy tonight    i wanna do something    or just be in the company of someone  i bet it was the late workout that pumped me up  uuuhhhgg    
what happens when you treat a person the way you want to be treated    but they don't get it? we're all taught that cliche but sometimes we're so in tuned with ourselves that we miss the signals of others  i think paying more attention to those around us would serve all of us better   smile 
i just got a taste for an ice cream sandwich   mm      this is not good  sweet tooth go away!!
i love getting surprise packages in the mail   smile 
soooo proud of my daddy- he lost 45lb in 10 weeks!! still a lot to go but that's huge progress!!!!
anybody have a remedy for sore lower back muscles?
"wishin i could go to mia 2mor :,(    but i gotta wait til may   27(ish) days and counting    "
happy easter <propfemale> day!! >:•3
i need new pix    but first i need a camera    any suggestions?
i think i just heard steak 'n shake has a peach milkshake     sounds yummy!
what happened to sundays?!?  sad 
why do we do the things we know we shouldn't do but then not do the things we know we should? there has to be a way around this  trusting your intuition maybe & not letting that little devil on ur shoulder make the decision?
on the bookshelf or the back of the door  wink 
go rays!!!!!!!!!! spankin them yanks!! twice! i love it!!!!
this is a question for all the ladies: what do you do for yourself to make yourself feel sexy and beautiful? message me if you want to keep it private  thanks!
there are no failures only results to identify what works for you and what does not work for you   
all that glitters isn't gold but sometimes the unpolished is   smile 
7 months without a camera is torture for me  sad  still looking for a replacement but not much luck  maybe i'm too picky?   no surprise there  hah!
burn notice at 9! yay!
i truly believe our spirits are as vast and limitless as the midnight sky  care to see what's out there? (or in there?)
"if he respects himself, he respects all else "
i don't wanna hear another vuvuzela again  aahhh!!
i hate when u find out that the only way to do something is the way you don't want to do it    even though you know it'll work  > playful 
got a new hp mini   i love this thing!!!
"i thought i was waking up to sausage, gravy & biscuits    turns out my nose was wrong  so i had to settle for cheerios  that was a bit disappointing   sad "
"video chatted for the 1st time 2nite   yeah, i know    where have i been? just never had the need for a webcam and my hp mini has one built in   it's pretty cool, definitely helps you stay connected with friends who have moved away   smile "
i actually made it to the gym 5 times this week!    now the hard part    keeping this up! but i'm feeling  & seeing a difference already so maybe that will do it?! one gold <propfemale> 4 me  smile 
"can't sleep  sad   sad   sad  alarm will be going off in   5 hours  that's what happens when u go to bed at 5am on say, a friday & have to get up at 6am on saturday   sad "
so sore from the gym yesterday    never thought a lint roller would be such a good massager! aahhh        
i love it when i can complete one of those word puzzles in the backs of magazines- makes me feel so smart  unfoorrrtunately   tonight was not one-a those nights   annoyed  but i got close!
back on top where we belong! go rays!!!!!
tonight is the night i completed a crossword puzzle  so smart- go me! 8-)
very productive day   and another one coming tomorrow  smile 
feels good to have some order back in my life!
who has verizon fios & how's the service?   i'm looking to switch   
follow me @kbfly9 on twitter    not a big fan of twitter but facebook didn't have me at hello either   but now i love it!
"if you ever feel guilty about loving yourself, love the little kid inside you who is craving love and affection  it puts a whole new spin on things   smile "
maybe the girl can cook but <propfemale> <propfirst> has an **irritating** voice    thank god her show is over     no i wasn't watching it but i could hear it from the living room  now my ears are happy again 
less than 2 weeks til i'm 27     man    that sounds so weird  i still feel 22  23   maybe 24?  definitely not 27 tho  anyone with me on this?
yay for the rays!!! took the series!!
on the verge of chopping my bangs- myself     do i do it??? lemme google this first- hahah
"birthday spa day is set    boy, i can not wait!"
happy birthday to all my fellow virgos!!!!  laugh 
i can braid cornrows!! pix to come!
"something must be in the air- everyone's breakin up!! (or havin issues)   smh, dang "
the birthday girl is tired   nite nite  smile 
what a freakin sweet rays game!!
i've always thought of myself as e playful ressive   but lately i'm finding it hard to e playful ress myself  ???? it's quite frustrating   sad 
wtf!?!?!? and that's why i hate the f-ing yankees! cheaters!!!!!!!!!!!!!! drama <propfemale> f-ing jeter  f-ing cheaters!!!!
and that's why i lloooovvee the rays!!! fighters!!!
"yaayy rays!!!! you don't come to the trop, cheat, & get a w  we run the trop!"
"when you're in love, everything seems to fall into place   and when you're not, nothing seems right  amazing how powerful love can be   "
wooo hooo!! rays take the season series against the skankees!! niicceee!!!
is trying out facebook ads  has anyone tried them? any success?
happy 50th birthday to my mom!!! she's still 40 something to me  off to our pedicures!
"\replay! replay!\"" is right!!! get with it mlb!!! the rays are sick of getting robbed!!!!!!!!"""
p s  these asshole tbs announcers still suck at their jobs  their so biased!! i'm fired up man 
headed to wedding #1 of 5 for this weekend  oh boy!
yayy rays are coming home!!
"oh my god, i made it thru 5 weddings this weekend   alive!! crashing now    & sleeping in!!!!"
does anyone know how to fix some crappy car audio wiring? i'm pretty sure my speakers are still good but they're making all kinds of static and popping like the wires are loose in my trunk  it's buggin me cuz i can't listen to my radio or cds in the car   sad 
i just realized i had an apple for dinner    busy night   now i'm starving!!!
how does an introvert live in such an extroverted world?
so incredibly sore from monday's workout     but    i had to go back for more  exercising sore muscles doesn't hurt *that* bad  
"if you burn too many bridges, you will have no place left to go        too bad i didn't think of that years ago   annoyed "
of course it rains today! i just got a carwash yesterday!
they say change is inevitable        i'm waaiitttiiinnnggg    
no <propfirst> caliendo did not just out my girl jenn!! i'm still a bit shocked 
i can't believe it's only 8 surprise 0!
"getting up at 4 smile 0 a m   for a wedding   that means, bed time already  sad   sad "
being up for 21 hours makes me feel like i've crammed 3 days into 1  gooood nite!
<propfemale> should not have gone home tonight  what crap  she was the best dancer next to <propfemale>  same thing happened to mya last season    i'm sensing a pattern here   
burn notice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\engage others  inspire all  believe in you \"" thanks dove  smile """
just finished watching <propfirst>'s day on thanksgiving haha  love that movie  smile 
"anybody know a hypnotist   or acupuncturist? anybody ever had either services done, or know of someone who has?"
i want to go to gaither's holiday concert this year   anybody want to join?
<propfemale>'s secret fashion show was sexyyyy!!!
locked outside our house   faaannntastic 
"mom: \you're such a good little wrapper\""\",f80da5f210773dfb16dcef22b93665ce,"today, tomorrow, & forever    friends are always there   smile "
where could i work?
"repost: \silence is a girl's loudest cry\"""""
"ohh this rain is making me sssslllleeeeeepppyyyyy     zzzzzzz    but no napping for me, yet "
hates having to dissect and de-onionize her food  playful 
is aiming for a bikini body this summer!!! makes me wanna go bikini shopping now!    but i still got some work to do 
buzzziiiinnnnnn!! off excitement (not alcohol)   but i have to *try* to sleep now    
it's a chipotle night  mmmm!!  smile 
"sniffles     wink ("
this flu hit hard today  sad  but i think the worst of it is over - thank god!
"<propfemale> minaj 'n eminem should never do a song together ever again, eminem murders her lryics- she needs to take lessons from him "
"with all the ways one could get a hold of someone, one may think that if they hadn't heard from that person (like they normally do), something may be wrong    i just hope i'm wrong  although that won't help me sleep  sad "
ok that was the sickest half-time show ever!!!
"omg, i have got to get to bed - that 4 smile 0am alarm is going to go off any minute!!! aahhh!!"
look at me now   fresher than a     smile 
"if i could, i think i would get a degree for everything    psychology, music, dance, heck, all arts, nutrition, business, communications    i want to know it all! miss brainiac here "
