e856cdcbd3e6a438e4e2b3ae6fce551a
"chocolate chip cookies, ponche, tamales, green nails, sailor <propfirst>, good friends, curly hair  the making of a good year  smile "
here it comes     no one can stop it     it happens every 52nd week     welcome 2011 
last call 
i just want to sleep through it    
only coffee could comfort me through this kind of smell and disappointment  sad 
"i just want a permanent feeling of \moxie\"" (not the doll) an on demand supply of \""get-up-and-go\""  ugh  (frumpy unhappy face) ugh """
rain rain go away 
still working on navigational skills    through life and this site!!
eventually    i will have time 
"ahhhh the ever elusive sleep    come in, come in   "
holes are filled in the emotional realm only when things are confronted    then the healing begins
bending walls and breaking balls
soooooo    i'm thinking    it's only fair for me to make my myspace all about me and my facebook all about my family and friends    what do you think?
so    i'm thinking    it's only fair for me to make my myspace all about me and my facebook all about my family and friends    what do you think?
i want to play farmville!!!!  aaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
my girls love their godmother!!!
"no matter how much they fight, i love having my girls here"
yay! i am hooked up now! i hope this stuff works tomorrow    i took the blue from kat  i am hooked up through my phone  yay for my phone!
feeling terrible about not being able to share a birthday moment with my dear friend <propfirst>  sad  makes me sad 
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=te2r4x5tzkh16l3ulat0\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=qegr4y5ozkuim7uha03k\\ _frsthgl"
"why does it post that i have received a picture message?? what if i don't want anyone to know??  okay, okay     i do   i just don't get it    i'm still a newbie"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite annoyed e1r4m5s7p5vsuoh7h1l\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=neer4h5n7p5epu0lak3h\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=iedr485l7p5ytaf8k05u\\ _frsthgl"
can anyone tell me how to get these pictures i sent to  myself here into an album???  i thought that that is what it was going to do in the first place!!!
i just got the worst grade ever and i haven't even goten my test back yet!
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=nemr4l5z7uu10khl87yu\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=mefr4g5p855ym5d8u7q8\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=newr485q855wt5ga0kro\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=eezr4v5o8555uytzk70q\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=aeur4z5x855pdzi7hlml\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=2emr4d5m855d07b7lhnu\\ _frsthgl"
"it was a good day! good people, good food and good weather! what else could a person ask for?"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=veer4x5t8zy2akmhll20\\ _frsthgl"
               another few days and this module is over!!!i can't wait for muscles and bones    get your mind out of the gutter!!!
"i think i stayed up too long rearranging my farmville    but well worth the price tomorrow, i need to have fun when i can  smile "
"if i split myself in two, would i get twice as much done? or would i speculate disaster and sweat the little things twice as much? when i finally crack, ill let you know "
oh the endless possibilities    if i only had a brain   
(fbook)
hmmmmm  wondering if this text thing is really going to work?
shuffling through papers for two hours to look for the resume i didnt find because it is on a flash drive i lost long ago    grrr
i love to clean all day     then go to class for 5 hours    end the night with pretzles and home work! yay for responsibilities!
just trying to get the paper work filled out and not want to play farmville   off goes this comp  which does not belong to me    long and busy day tomorrow 
"just barely getting to the shower but yet, i am feeling mighty fine and loved  hooray for me  smile "
getting ready to bus bop    who's boppin' on the back of the bus? this girl right here with the apartment sized bag smile  (its not supposed to make sense to most)
launrdy    cooking    kids    crafts    birthday party???
thick just means more bounce to the ounce!  smile 
is it early or is it late?
no one should have to change diapers this early  grrr   
im just going to bop my butt right on this bus and bop right on down the road  smile 
ahhhhhhhhhhh     what a transformation 15 minutes can become   from roaming the bus clothes to full scrubs and game face!!!  nice 
"here we go again    i want to run and hide    i wont be denied by you, the animal inside    oh i wont sleep tonight!!! good song smile "
third of the way through and on my third cup of coffee    caffeine your my only friend! okay not really  smile 
(1 2) all i want is a place of our own and a job  i want the tough times as well as the good  i just want things to be as normal as possible without being
(2 2) mundane  is that really too much to ask for?
well  cant believe i forgot i was supposed to be taking notes and not just highlighting! crap 
pass prayers my way  give me a good thought  send me sweet signals  just dont forget i love you all  smile 
my classmate rocks! just got me a pass for the gym!
learning something new everyday!  yay 
"no matter how short the moment, it feels like forever    love that moment for just what it is    a really great moment in time "
memories shouldnt be allowed to hold this kind of   
food food food food food  haven't eaten since 9 this morning    food food food
"how can a mind going a thousand <propmale> a minute, wrapped up in a thousand thoughts, draw a blank? i just want to say it all and nothing comes out  doesnt matter    it wouldnt make sense to anyone anyway  some things are better bottled!"
"mr  owl, how many dreams does it take to get to the easy going part of the hard going life?   lets see, ah one, ah two, ah three    infinity   my world may never know!"
"some times, judges rule based on the judgement of their stomachs"
"comfort zones are most often e playful anded through discomfort ü ü this was my fortune cookies fortune for me, how appropriate "
strong water
farmville weekend  wonderful 
meow baby!
"wandering stars    for whom it is preserved    the blackness, the darkness    forever "
stoooooooop! tissue thief!
"oh man! i love true blood! whether its over or not, its awesome!"
whoa  pancakes in a can < surprise >
getting ready for the last harvest for the next day  leaving for the valley all too soon 
"(1 2) take the last train to knoxville and ill meet you at the station, you can be four-thirty because ive made your reservation  oh dont be slow    oh no no"
(2 2) no! guess i missed my train!
"these next few days and weeks are going to be so jammed packed full of planning, travel time, and down time! what could i possibly have to complain about? ahhhh"
7 days left and i will be in the field  whoa 
"the day begins so early, so fast, i dont even have time to send a 10 second text    let the day begin!"
"observethe<propfemale>night org  keep in touch with our <propfemale>, check out this website    -<propfemale>"
fwd: vid 00017-20100925-1503 3gp
oh the things i would do for a new home  oh things i would do to the new home  oh how far away a new home may be  oh man 
here comes the sun   
big ass burritos    can never eat them all  but i can sure try!
peck peck peck
feeling soooooooo blessed to have my girls  tonight was back to school night and these teachers are great  thank you god!
guess i was distracted today when i told myself i would do homework  smile  oops
cant keep the smile off my face  smile 
"i want to listen to the strokes    in a way, i am  wink "
so freakin energized right now  who knows how long it will last! time to be annoying!
five days    
bus time!
"oh yeah they really want you, they really want you  they really do  oh yeah they really want you and i do too  i want to be the girl with the most cake "
soooo sleepy     full day of cleaning and faxing and school in the evening     yyyyawwwn!!!! goodnight people of my life- via- facevook
"love is never lost, just put away out of sight, but dead love should stay buried "
its starting to sprinkle!
up at 0645 down at 0200  how exhausting 
bus boppin'
"my <propfemale> my baby, dont put my love on the shelf! she said \dont give me no lines and keep your hands to yourself!\"""""
"tick tick tick tick on the watch and life's to short for me to stop oh baby, you're time is running out!!!"
"you've gotta spend some time, love  you've gotta spend some time with me  i know that you'll find, love  i will possess your heart "
this humidity factor is the real killer  not even a chronic cuddler like myself would want to be close to another heat producing human  god help us all!
"if i were any shorter, i would be dragging my knuckles!"
i have a tendency of wearin' my mind on my sleeve  i have a history of losing my shirt 
heartbreaker! painmaker! wanna tear this world apart!
"i want a girl who gets up early, i want a girl who stays up late  oh  i guess i already have her, that would be me!"
"msg: describe me in one word §§§§§§§§  you may regret sending this to everyone but do it, u might like what you read!"
"a friend in needs a friend in deed   a friend with w*** is better  a friend with br¡¡¡ts and all the rest, one thats dressed in leather  pure mornin'   "
oh what a halls lozenge can do!
learning new strokes  and yes  i mean the band  smile 
what a waste of a saturday night  both my six year old and i were sick from food but <propmale> away from each other! ugh 
venture back
"ah hu, push and shove, everybody move to the back of the bus   "
"clean kitchen, restful sleep "
"freakin' indecision arrgggggggg!!!! b s  power  make sense? no, csause it's 2 in the damn morning and i want to sleep, buuuutttttt      yeah  right  not worry for once  yay?"
"i dare anyone to find pictures of me, from when ever     please?"
only if your groovin' with the double dutch man!
"october 7th is the \cadle light\"" ceremony for the end of my in class-ness!!!  perfect attendance is nothing to sneeze at!!"""
children off at school and the little one and i are spending some much needed time together  playdate with <propfemale>?
"prepaaaaarrrre  for the bus bop!!!!!!! and waiting for a call      oi, hope i don't get it on the bus and get that call     grrr"
anyone housested in helping out my kids through their fundraisers?  message me  smile 
oops   typo on that last post! i meant would anyone like to help out my kids through their fundraisers?!? its with the yankee candle company and frozen deserts 
we just lost gizzmo  this rainy day now seems appropriate  i am very sad  thanks for doing everything you did for him tacie  sad 
farmville is my gizzmo no mo therapy  sad 
sandwich o plasty
shovels!!!!!  i need shovels!!!!!  please 
encephalitis secondary to shinanagins  oi 
"perfect attendance, lamp of learning, caduceus, carls jr to celebrate  oh joy  almost done with this school and ready to start more schooling "
"almost forgot i was going to make chicken taquitos for last day of school! almost, that is  smile "
"the night is nearly completely  dinner, hygeine, little einstiens, bed  farmville completes it all     smile "
"thank you everyone for all your farm help! ill return the favor asap  smile  now, its time to rest  smile "
so thankful i dont feel sick anymore! was feeling like i had the flu!
walking back  oi 
what a saturday  what a night  what an early morning1
ahhh    enchiladas and rice with black bean dinner  i love cooking and eating with my girls  now  if i could only get them to stop talking so much  smile 
wildlifelearningcenter com      support your local wild life rescue centers! check it out!
it feels good to be couched by one a m  now to figure out if that is progress or just sad!    ^ ^
"on my way to externship! wish me luck, send me prayers!      smile "
im goin' in!
externship success  its just sooooooo sloooooow 
uhhhh     starting to get the <propfemale> of the photo thing!!!  have to make them bigger!
it feels so great to have dinner with my girls  how great would that be to have a normal schedule? not sure i would know what to do with one!
"one day, my smile will match how bright i feel  smile "
have i ever mentioned to to you all how much i love my friends!
i need your arms around me    i need to feel your touch    
let the day begin!
"four busses, four <propmale> walked  now, for the rest of the day to unfold!"
oh  all the detours of a simple day  how tiring 
with the laundry <propmale> and ready to dry overnight (i hope < annoyed >) now is the time to rest my weary bones  good night 
soooooooo tired  lovin' the weather though! favorite time of year  smile 
wishing for hot soup in a bread bowl with ice cold milk  smile 
it really doesnt seen all that crazy to drink a strong cup of coffee at this time of day when there is still seven hours to go! eleven down seven to go!
finally  i am restful enough to actually fall asleep early and the mariachi just started to play  grrr  it could have been any music and i would still be grrrr!
really diggin' this new muse song on the radio
chilles were spicy! only sour cream could save them! six hours for semi success  maybe i shouldnt make so many next time ^ ^
brave little lion  lovin this song 
why cant i get my <propfemale> to eat her real food as appose to the breaded chicken crap other people feed her all the time?
"sleep escapes me     i don't blame facebook, i find it to be a help  playful "
"still loking for pictures of myself from anyone who may have any post 'em!!!!  please!!! well, not if they are embarrassing!!"
miss prepared is unprepared today  i really hate this feeling  late running busses surely dont help!
"<propfemale>, you make great sandwiches!"
wondering what is going on in quartz hill  smile 
almost time to go meme's
pizza bagel time!
potty time! excellent!
"no matter what, she was the best boss i had ever had "
please send tequilla  limes optional 
off to the doctors for penelopie
my little <propfemale> pie got five shots today  but what a trooper! a lollipop fixed it all!
the bathroom at school smells like my kindergarten class  do you remember what kindergarten smelled like?
"big fish, little fish swimming in the water, come back here and bring me my daughter  big fish, little fish swimming in the water  come back here and bring me my daughter "
"parents are early, what a blessing in disguise, shower time!"
"always wishing for more; more time, more energy, more know how, more tools, more supplies, more human connections  but always thankful for what i have  nite!"
"starting a new externship site today, really hope it works out!"
oi  my head hurts  sad 
spaghetti it is!
i need a watch  sad 
"oh my, oh my  what a child filled weekend ahead! crafts cookies and candies  god help up all "
"thank you god for the random thought to switch which side i sleep on, if i hadnt, i would have never found the nasty and poisonous spider in my blanket! wow "
patiently waiting for anyone with an iphone to send me anything rainbow!!!
anything rainbow    anytime    please  smile 
"my girls did so good! except for the running away in big crowds  im just really protective, was mad when she ran through no crowds! just never know  sad "
not feeling good  ugh 
feeling so much better than yesterday! just wondering what i am going to be able to before for lunch!
"mmmm smile  lunch solved, <propfemale> tamale!"
be patient! stay there! ill get to ya!
mushrooms cant make you crazy but cologne can make you deaf  smile  te he 
why do kids always want to stop in the middle of a driveway or cross walk? wasnt even my kid i was watching do this very thing but still gave me a heart attack!
phlebotomy time!
deep thought  deep hurt  forever progressing 
"god help us all, lamb chop is revived in an undying song  why oh why?"
its new! its fresh! its exciting! its jet lag!
"tonight, my world weighs heavy in my mind and all i ever wanted was an <propfirst> atlas to help bear that burden  one day, perhaps, one day,"
chicken time!
"philanthropist, just another goal on the list  oh yeah "
"i have become increasingly sicker through the day, ugh "
so stuffey in the head that i couldnt smell my kids  no bueno  its the best part of the rough mornings!
"oh cake balls, you are the best recipie yet  thank you <propfirst> moreno!"
"someone please e playful lain why children lie about the most ridiculous of things, please "
you know your a parent when you empty the back seat floor of the car of its cheerios in the grocery store parking lot and justify it by saying its for the birds
do believe i have just fallen in love with <propfirst> chaplin  love 
"please help my little chicken coop!!!!!  scroll down and finds my hard hat wearing chiken, click to help me out, please!!!  (it's only me 9th time trying!!!)"
feels so good to be in the av     with all my girls!
long day produce long thoughts  lets make peace 
"what would i give to hear the sounds of a cool running <propfemale>? quite a bit, lemme tell ya!"
ugh  heartburn 
"i really, really hate there bank of <propfemale> commercials  not like i watch tv all the time!"
"yay! my phone is on once again, feels good!"
dead battery    poo on that  sad 
frazzled @ @
holidays in the av  gotta love that 20 degree weather!
thanksgiving success  now if i can get <propfemale> to eat some fruit!
"what a long holiday, and the weekend just started!"
"starting the weekend with an hours worth of travel and spirited away  smile  what a saturday its going to be, and cold too!"
six degrees of separation  its just plain crazy  smile 
"finally, chorizo and eggs with potatos  yum "
where the hell did monday go?
now that monday is gone and tuesday is here    i think i should go find my pjs and pillow     mmmm hm    sounds great  smile 
three in the morning just doesnt seem like the time to be watching toy story 3 with a sick two year old  ugh 
"now matter what, i still love my never wife*"
aprehension causes procrastination  its just not right 
one day at a time  smile 
"with just a few things here and there, it makes it feel alot like christmas  feels great  smile "
good morning world  smile 
nothing like fresh whoppers for the ride home  smile 
"would you my, oh, could you be my? wont you be my neighbor? (on farmville, i cant really do anything else without some more neighbors!)"
the rain is the only reason i need to bake peanut butter cookies  too much peanut butter on hand might have little to do with it also     but whateva  smile 
"happiness hit her, like a train on a track"
"run fast for your mother, fast for your father, run for your children, all your sisters and brothers"
my sister is an only child  oh how i love her so 
"it takes more muscles to frown than smile, so stick to what is easiest  smile "
good morning world  smile 
*me to girls: good morning  *girls to me: good morning  *me to penny: where is your shirt? *<propfemale> giggles* i pull back her blanket: your naked? more giggling  smile 
i am eternaly optimistic  smile 
artichoke dip: in progress
an <propfirst> at the kwik market  gotta try one! 15675 roxford st in sylmar  yum yum yummm!
invest in humanity: smile at a stranger  smile 
"enjoying time with long-time-no-see-friends  <propfirst> and <propfirst>, so glad to chill once again  smile "
"got my phone back, got gifts, got to wrap  then dishes and mimis  well deserved mimis  smile "
<propfemale> is so hooked on toy story that she just woke up crying for buzz light year! oh my gosh  her dad got the right toys for this obsession  smile 
"goodnight (well, morning) everyone!!  <propfemale> christmas!!! and happy new year!!! make the best of what you have, it could always be worse!"
<propfemale> christmas! thank you god for the few but plenty enough gifts that my girls received  be safe everyone!
watching the fog and clouds roll in over the mountains  i truely love sylmar  smile 
wet burrito <propmale>
"theres a ghost inside my lungs and it sighs as i sleep, wraps itself around my tongue as it softly speaks"
"between two lungs it was released, the breath that passed from you to me  it flew between us as we slept, it slipped from your mouth, into mine it crept "
one hour into it and it already is going wrong @ @
"drag my teeth across you chest to taste your beating heart, use my nails, try to claw my way in   "
multitasking doesnt work when you forgot the multi part of your task < annoyed >
good friends  good food  good times  smile 
"tamales at midnight  making, not eating!"
coffee  your my only friend  smile 
midnight cleaning mission  wish me luck
just finished watching inception  wow 
time to make dinner 
oh laundromat    
stoopid apple pie 
is watching tortillas shrink  smile 
is watching the storm come in
"i highly doubt, i weather well "
listening to the sound of the first rain drops against the 210 
is getting ready for phlebotomy class  yay!
gonna cook some trout and enjoy the evening  yay  smile 
curse you sciatic nerve!
<propfemale> night  sounds like weather for a movie  smile 
"i go through life like what is happening is what should be happening, even though i dont like some of the things going on  who does that?!?"
"clowns to the left me me, jokers to the right  here i am, stuck in the middle with     stuck in the middle with you "
diggin this chunky sirloin burger soup  oh yeahhhhhhhh!
'tis a clear and <propfemale> night 
"well ill be, look at this! and they said you couldnt plant sausage seeds!"
slowest bus ever! we are crawling at 20 <propmale> an hour in a 35 mph zone  shoot me please 
delectable  delightful  delicious  darn right  im proud of my simple dinner 
i wish i  had a smart phone to look up carrier pigeons on
what a lovely morning to sit in a classroom!
(my apologies if this offends anyone) f**k <propfirst> brown 
"sheh boo, <propfemale> says, and blessed i am  smile "
these lemon bars are amazing! my favorite recipe so far! think i am going to make some for tacie  smile 
anyone need a hard working house cleaner? after party discounts if i can keep the recycling!
"yay! i have an interview at a chiropractic firm tomorrow! wish me luck, send me prayers!"
"dont kiss your lover by the garden gate, love is blind but the neighbor aint!"
urg 
"grumble grumble  i dont like interviews, why cant they do this schtuff over food? or coffee?  ~ indecision "
ack  what a crummy night 
"oh conan, you so cheer my crappy night  ahhh "
another interview today! hope this one goes better than yesterdays!
i cooked my wormies!!! nooooooooooooo! where is a bait and tackle store when you need one?
what is up with all of these shootings???
craaaaazy storm winds kicking up  nail it down or lose it!
"lord, thank you for ever door you have opened for me, you are a true gentleman "
"<propfemale> <propfemale>, hisses  oi "
"today, taking care of business  tonight, taking care of business  tomorrow, taking care of business  saturday, taking care of business  sunday     sleep? ha!"
"i can hear you louder than ever   whisper to me, help me remember      "
good morning world  lets poke some veins  smile 
<propfemale> for tonight 
so good to have my girls back  smile 
"as a voluntary sacred face crosses pennys face, jaide sits in trouble, covered in powder, miriya wrighting lines for her 6 o'clock performane  how fun  smile "
"ninety nine cent banana?!? yeah, just one  class, can you say robbery?"
feels so good to work!
is honestly trying to fall asleep  sad  easier thought than done 
twelveth and half hour 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! bus! wait! i cant run with a plate in my hand  sad 
stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid me  how did i ever let him convince me to sell my car? stupid stupid me  sad 
thirty minute count down  smile 
i miss my little girls  wont be putting them to bed for a while  i love you mamitas!
"one bus down, two to go  smile "
boston market lunch  the best part is that its free!
is en route  smile 
out the door and into the cold cruel world  how will i ever survive?!? at least its not freezing or raining! thank you lord!   smile 
"i have made up my mind, i will go for laboratory technologist before i do registered nursing  end of story  smile "
"coors to cheers this week of work, frustration, learning and love  smile  thanks to all who have helped me out, supported me and sent me their love  thank you all  smile "
"mmmmm, pesto penne pasta and grilled chicken with crusty sourdough bread  yummmyyy  i really shouldnt have eaten that!"
"a week that takes a long time to catch up, hits the hardest "
"my grandparents are the best! my parents too, of course!"
oh my goodness? i think i am watching <propfirst> <propmale> in sepia!
has ripped the cartilage in her finger  ouch  bummer  i just wanted to clean  sad 
ill collect the moments one by one     guess thats how the future is grown
stupid phone alarm! going to make me late to work!
"train your brain, eat something new!"
ugh     how do you tell a complete strangers that they wreeeeek?!?
the cold is bareable with the right clothing  thank god for synthetic fleece!
"its that layer of dark chocolate on the bottom of a granola thin that says \why hello yogurt! fancy meeting you in a place like this\"" as it fills my tummy  smile """
"work has totally, utterly and completely kicked my ass!  i just hope they keep me "
"sitting on the bus never felt so good! really, it never did!"
bad memories in he flesh should be avoided like the plague! even if that means pretending to board the bus with them and then jumping off! no joke?
oh no!!! the sickness has a hold of me!
sick sick sick sick sick  feeling really sick  i think my head will e playful lode from the pressure  ugh 
too sick for work     and will be livid if i start feeling better when i get back  stupid medicine 
fleshy spirit in limbo
"yup    this day just keeps getting worse  on the bright side, i have more study time no my hands  on the dark side, im scarred forever    "
     and valentines on the horizon :-[
"ghetto chicken marinara: microwave chicken <propfemale>, spaghetti sauce and any cheese on hand  wash down with cheap beer of choice "
loooooovin modern marvels on the history channel  love it!
do you know how far this has gone?  just how damaged have i become?  when i think i can over come     it runs even deeper    
"half way through the day and not half way through my list  god, give me strength  coffee, give me energy  twelve hours to go "
"my dream home employs a triple load washer, one top load washer, one powerful amazing dryer, a chenielle hammock, a drying rack and unlimited music of my choice"
in my dream home     organized joy  smile 
dont microwave bbq sauce  oops  sad 
what check? at least the bills are paid    i guess  im still grateful for what i have  thanks everyone 
feeesh!
"wandering stars, for whom it is preserved  the blackness th darkness forever  always doubled up inside     "
this laundromat makes me want to dance  smile 
whats a 6g? whats a bieber?
"itchy palm does not mean money heading your way, it means wor allergic to the damn soap!"
maclay to roxford  not your typical stroll in the park 
please could you stop the noise im trying to get some rest     from all the unborn chicken voices in my head    
<propfemale> tries but misunderstands  she's often inclined to borrow somebodys dreams till tomorrow     see <propfemale> play 
"like a rollin stone, like the fbi and the cia and the bbc, bb <propmale> and <propfemale> day dig it dig it dig it dig it dig it dig it     "
i never wanted it to ever spoil     take you hatred out on me    
rum
i will take parade you down main street  we will take them for the ride or rides  you'll be a natural the way you are    
"your so lovely, are you joleky"
mini gummi bears are imposters  you have been warned 
"wind so strong, you acco here the roof shingles being ripped at and cracking  scary "
soooooooo pissey ~ indecision 
its a fine lady that accompanies my cup today
not as pissey  annoyed 
"my fingers claw your skin, try to tear my way in    "
fluffy headed laundry doer
we as humans think we are intuitive enough to touch a dryer door and gauge whether or not our stuff is dry  why?
running through a field where all my tracks will be concealed
forever folding laundry     forever and ever and ever
making my way over to my girls so we can get them their much needed shoes  why wont they stop growing?
"i hate the bus  i hate the bus  i hate the bus  i need the bus  damned if you do, damned if you dont "
stupid knee
sometimes you just want to be pissed  other times its the hormones 
happiness is silence in the air and not a drop of awkwardness  perfectly in step 
ack! late for class!
beautiful
3d stars are not for stepping on  ouch  sad 
i want to reconcile the valleys in your heart  i want to excersize the demons in your past 
from demons to dishes
is going for a walk with <propfemale>  smile  and missing her biggest two  sad 
"wish i knew what you were looking for, might have known what you would find"
"ooo, my ear is ringing  whos talkin sh*@ 'bout me?"
"i turn to look, its clear as day, this plan has long been under way  i hear them call, i cannot stay, the voice inviting me away  it runs even deeper "
through your lies landscape
"<propfirst> the mute, never tire of the complexity "
"if you should see the dice, charmed with its snake choked eyes, youll wear the widows weaves, because theyre just your size "
"road feels rocks, sure feels good to me and if im lucky, together we all will stay  happy sunday everyone  smile "
never loathed one like him 
about to start making sheephearders pie then apple pie from scratch  smile  ending the weekend in good taste 
"busy day, busy night, busy week  story of my life "
apple pie time  smile  sorry <propmale>
little miss sweets factory tonight  smile 
i wish i only looked and didnt have to touch     i wish i only smelled it and didnt have to taste    
finally laying down to sleep  on my feet for 17 hours! ! ! productive day  the pain is great is magnitude and meaning  ahhh  more pain in the forecast  smile 
"monday is for the birds, but chocolate covered strawberries are for valentines day  i hope you all eat many  smile "
"happy valentines day everyone  to those of us singles ones out there, happy singles awareness day!"
what a  weird way to start the day
its so bright out here!
my phone is acting funny  annoyed 
good morning to study  does anyone go to the college of the canyons?
"wow  just suddenly started to pour oceans of rain! god, keep everyone safe  especially in the burn areas and flooding zones  scary "
and the poking begins  smile 
i love vegie chips  guilt free goodness  smile 
gross  i need to jog 
is walking in circles wishing she had direction at this very moment  how retarded 
evil tater tots!!!
the kitties are dead  sad  sad sad sad day  sad 
empty
"theres a reason people keep journals, most likely because they know that most people cant keep track of their train of thought  slow cook recipe for the crazies"
"sweater and sock kind of night  would have better for cuddling and a good game of footsies! mmmm, cuddling ^ ^"
"mmmmmm, that slow smart smell of sensual serenity whiles sipping savvy  i loves me some coffee  smile "
"oh looming black clouds increasing in density and size, please dont rain on me, for i have forgotten my umbrella a home  sad "
"well friend, i will be without a phone, once again  so good night  and everyone should go outside and be awed by the huge ring around the <propfemale>!"
so i made a great mistake and my phone isnt disconnected till tonight! yay!
its a fulfilling life just knowing one loved me     
its comforting to me to know that some people will never change and on the other hand its disturbing to me that some people refuse to change 
i hate falling asleep on the bus  sad 
vallarta here we come  smile 
fajitas de res  delicioso 
cky to help the cooking process
cant you see that im sneering from ear to ear
"life is like photography, you develop from the negatives "
say it aint so
study time   anyone know any good practice test websites??
hey soul sista i don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight    heeeeyyyy hey hey
study time   no really  just because i am on fb right now means nothing!  no   really   i am a really good multi-tasker  wink 
prying myself away fromt the screen and start making my way back     my eyes hurt 
i'm all vocabularied out!
"such a long, complicated, busy and rainy day   pooped "
wants a job  sad 
oh my goodness  this laundromat smells like in n out! yummy!
"impatience, desperation and loneliness makes for lifelong bullshit  loads and loads of it "
meatloaf  vegies  potatoes  mmmmmm 
"rice krispie treats, homemade  again, yummy  smile "
"the echoing of words unsaid    say it aint so  oh my dear, my friend, say it aint so "
chicken n dumplings
love and other drugs  cute 
its a good day  smile  i love my opa 
its a good day  smile  i love my opa 
excited 'bout going to the av this weekend  yay!
lemon cheesecake? hmmm    
"you cant save me now, im in the grip of a hurricane  im going out, im gonna drink myself to death! i brace myself, cause i know this is going to hurt      "
"let the day begin! oh, wait     it already did  huh "
"let the day begin! oh, wait     it already did  huh "
"and i did just what i thought i would do, forget my coffee again  mumble mumble grump grump "
"and i did just what i thought i would do, forget my coffee again  mumble mumble grump grump "
"jaide is turning 7 in two weeks from this saturday     ugh, and i'm broke  sad   make lots of sweets and all is well, right?!?"
is waiting to be immunized at the health department  this might hurt later @ @
is waiting to be immunized at the health department  this might hurt later @ @
it burns!
<propmale> <propmale>' tears cure cancer  too bad <propmale> <propmale> doesnt cry 
superman wears <propmale> <propmale> pajamas to bed 
"im in mud, mhm, yey yey, mhm, im ll shook up "
what if i moved out of the country? how different would life be? what about sweden? what would my kids think? sigh  what are the american people coming to?
"after pressing the button for the walk signal, i glance at the time and realize i am going to be too early and turn to walk away as a dozen cars wait for the green and no pedestrian  my bad!!!"
"mmmmm, butterfinger breakfast  champions only  wink "
mushroom people  sitting around all day 
mushroom people  sitting around all day 
excited  going out of town with all my girls to <propfemale> out with my girl! and her hubby and family too  you know i love you all! yay!
excited  going out of town with all my girls to <propfemale> out with my girl! and her hubby and family too  you know i love you all! yay!
"the air is so much lighter out here  miss it, cant wait till i live out here again  think ive said that before "
its bright!
home made refried beans  mmmmm 
home made refried beans  mmmmm 
is wheezey
"if you can make a difference in just one persons life, then your life is well worth your mothers pain "
"if you can make a difference in just one persons life, then your life is well worth your mothers pain "
is brewing coffee 
"loves driving  now, to wait for the doctor    "
"loves driving  now, to wait for the doctor    "
has an interview tomorrow!
has an interview tomorrow!
only the unfortunate have faith that their faith will bring them fortunes  how unfortunate 
you measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals   -<propmale> t  washington
"its easier to reach forward than backward, so why do we always search out what we have left behind?"
"ralphs on glenoaks is discounting beer  miller, heineken lite, sapporo and something ive never heard of  back of the store  have at it!"
"ralphs on glenoaks is discounting beer  miller, heineken lite, sapporo and something ive never heard of  back of the store  have at it!"
thats my girl! loves trains like mommy!
"is it wrong of me to think he should have at least gotten the necessities before the game console? sack of shit, exactly what he is  bs  bs "
noooooo! my whole box of raisins are hard! damn it 
"oh, im good! got on a bus going the wrong direction\, got off the bus, crossed the street, returned 5 cans of tuna in vegetable oil (gross!) walked out the door and walked straight onto the bus going in the right direction  smooth "
"oh goldfish snack, all crumbly & colorful, how i desperately want to eat you but you see, my hands are covered in bus germs, so i must ignore you and starve  sad "
"oh my gosh  my arm is kind of numb, im hoping its not because of the spider i just swept off my neck and killed  sad "
"if you could only see the bitch you made of me, held it in, seems you let it running free "
"and she leaves with someone you dont know, but she makes sure you saw her, looks right at you in pulse  as she walks out the door, your blood boiling, your stomach in rows  and your friends asks you what is it? looks like youve seen a ghost! you walk under the street lights, and your too drum to notice that everyone is staring at you  you dont what you look like, the world is falling around you    "
"diamonds they fade, flowers they dont       theyve been knocking me sideways  i keep thinking time will take them away      "
one of those mornings 
"children, dont grow up, our bodies get bigger, but our hearts get torn up "
think green
"everyone sails alone, but we can travel side by side "
"you know it aint easy  no words to describe it  diamonds they fade  im telling you, these feeling wont go away  they been knocking me sideways "
"coffee mate, your my only friend @{-------"
how do you know when a child shouldn't have a set later on? when they shove thier stuffed animal into the pretend microwave and get mad when it doesn't fit!
"is it weird to really really like a tissue box? cause i do! well, i really like the print ^ ^"
"too late to fight, too late to save me  you may be wrong, for all i know you may be right  but it just may be a lunatic youre looking for!!!"
"of all the things in the world that could have ripped my pants, like my fat ass, it just happened to have been my knee  bs, man, bs "
youre a half caf!
so  much  walking  ugh 
smash and grab at the laundromat! my washer! mmmmy dryer!
"take it eeeeeasy, take it eeeeeeasy      wish thats what they were playing here instead of the incomprehensible dame mas gasolina  grrr  this is not a club!"
last out and the hungriest! so so so hungry!
"sleep, finally "
"i shot the sheriff, but they say it is a capital offense "
"and you could have it all, my empire of dirt "
"and you could have it all, my empire of dirt "
thank you god for this beautiful day that burns my face and builds my bones 
sylmar in her best light
"sore  between 4 <propmale>, give or take a few yards, and trying my hardest to keep up with <propfirst> and the insanity, i think i should walk so more  here we go!"
oh my goodness  this guy is yelling at his lady and scraping the crap out of the bus stop poster frame  they are both yelling  crazy people on hump day 
scrape scrape scrape 
why am i not taking the other bus?
"lollipops for three, miriya, jaide, me "
happy st patricks day everyone!
after spilling them a billion times i finally get to use my mustard seeds  i love cooking  smile 
"my mind says walk, my calfs say hell no!"
now if only people could go green everyday    
"bitch, i hope you step on a lego!!!  talkin' 'bout how i need new shoes 'cause my chucks have a hole in them     that hole means i love them!!!"
"skipping thoughts like a rock on the lake of my life, how deep they sink "
"    and when the angels ask me to recall, the thrill of it all, i will tell them i remember you "
"you better cool it now, ooooooo watch out! youre gotta slow it down, slow it down!"
whats the matter you you boi?
handing out cupcakes at jaides class 
i miss the animals and the playground and digging up worms
is walking to fetch me munchkins  smile  yay!
in step  in silence  in <propfemale>  in the rain 
it could always be worse  sad 
emotionally displaced
its a heine and death proof kind of night 
adoration is in the mind of the understood
hail!
sigh
yay! a break in the rain! now where is my to do list?
oof! <propfirst> horse!! in the chins!!!
rearrange your face! oh!
"whoa, heaven let your light shine down! whoa, heaven let your light shine down! show where to look and tell me what will i find? what will i find? whoa!"
on the back roads of memories on my mind
"they say a watched pot wont ever boil, cant raise a baby on motor oil; its like a seed down in the soil, gotta give it time "
soooo codependant
is there a song called reconnected?
