2372ed6ebb0a37543b533dc3c8af106a
look!!*points at random* a vampire!!
damnit! why does fall break have to be one frikking day? might as well call it fall day or something    getting me all exited  
getting ready to give a presentation that i am not ready for  maybe the teacher will cut me some slack since physical training robbed me of my voice  **crosses fingers**
crap!! how am i suppose to have a good time with friends if i'm this sleepy!?!? hittin' the movies soon 
base housing is amaizing!
"happy that i got a keypad for my ps3!! yay, more fun for littlebigplanet!"
"i'm not looking forward to pt tomorrow, haven't run since friday!! d:"
 sad  i miss my hair 
phoneless for two weeks     craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap
in a depressive state    i hope i shake this off soon 
my legs!!!! they burn!
oh noes! i'm interested in someone but have no idea how to approach him!! d:
"i am an american airman, guardian of justice and freedom  my nations sword and shield  its sentry and avenger  i defend my country with my life   i am an american airman  wingman, leader, warrior  i will never leave an airman behind  i will not falter, and i will not fail!"
i'm gonna be an air force trauma nurse when i grow up!! i can't wait to pick up the pieces of my wounded comrades to try and paste them back together under enemy fire!!!
"how can everything just change so quickly   good-bye officer ranks, hello enlisted ranks "
capslock is auto-pilot for awsome
happy halloween people~!!
alright!!! only two weeks away from that delicious turkey!!
it smells like pork chops breaded with shake and bake
"cant focus on homework with some wierdo breathing loud and heavy on the otherside of the room  funny thing is, all he is doing is checking his farm at farmville lol "
finally!!! my new old phone arrived  oh yeah   its that new yet familiar phone smell  *snnnnnnniff*
turn the sun off   
booyah!!! hittin' gamefrog tomorrow!! ok   energy outburst is over    tired again    goodnight
alright!! i'm aiming for a good grade in my anatomy test   time to do staring contests with my book!
badminton ain't half bad
oh noes!!! my inner emo is trying to resurface!! *grabs tennis racket* back you beast!!
i really want a <propfemale> turnover
sweet beans in a basket  its 5:15pm and it looks like its 8 surprise 0pm!! i don't like change!
"i don't wanna go to school today, momma!!  sad "
yay!! off the waiting list for cap flights!  laugh 
its the sound that makes me punch infants!
"man, i'm out of it  "
i talk funny o 0
i think i'm melting inside! wieeeeeerd
oh noes    no phone!!
dah!! i can't bite my nails and its stressing me out! o 0
hm    brainstorming  smile 
baking!! sorullitos de maiz sackboy style  smile  delicious
preparing an early thanks giving feast!! and by early i mean tomorrow  laugh !!
dont you just hate it when you need to use a programe asap and suddenly it needs a 1hr update to be used?
i'm in heaven right now  love 
maybe i'll stop ignoring facebook after all
i needs me some cookies in petville     send me cookies!! coookieeeeeeess!!! dx
damnit   
"sadistic uke? interesting heheh, i like it "
hacked psp ftw
overwhelmed by the realization that a certain someone is very   very    very very veeeeeeery ridiculusly stupid and full of him  herself  it sucks when you wake up and only see the ugly side of someone important to you 
i needed a trip back to nostalgia road to remind me who i am and who i should never become  i'm happy now  smile 
just regected yet another love confession    i dont know if i should be happy or pissed off
"hell   i only have one life, i should live it up more instead of worrying about other peoples \standards\""  i don't wanna end up miserable damnit!"""
tonight was pretty fun  smile 
"\   and in those days man shall seek death and shall not find it and they shall <propfemale> to die and death shall hide from them \"""""
oh poo      why cant at least one thing be easy!??
"ultimate technic \face smash\""  super effective   laugh """
darkrai ftw!!  laugh 
"pissing where you mix the potions, eh? been there, had fun "
thanx guys  laugh  i'm 21 now!!! woot!
+20 speed!?!?!?!? f-yeah!!  laugh 
"\men are like goverment bonds  they take too long to mature \"""""
"don't miss read me, i'm not angry  i'm not sad  i'm not disapointed  i'm just speechless  this isnt an emotional ordeal, its just a realization of my stupidity  hurray for sleep, what can go wrong in a world of fakes  at least the fakes in my dreams are more acceptable "
seconds feel like hours
+19 attack and sp attack!!??  laugh 
"the world was against my nap earlier   but now that i have a full belly    i must    hybernate  now, nobody bother me!! rawr!!!"
bus routes are so confusing   thats it!!! i'm getting a bycicle instead!   i wish  sad 
fire alarm just went off     and its so cold outside  crying 
back to reality where gravity will body slam me 
"shit just got real, final stretch!!"
"i would like some coffee with my cream and sugar, please  smile  *sweet tooth*"
just had my first e playful erience with the elite four  iiiiiinnnnterestiiiiing    
throw your antenas in the air and wave them like  you just don't compute
it hurts when you realize that something so important will never be the same 
most of life situations are like foreplay  you have a great build-up but in the end reality can never beat the fantasy 
"hm     i feel so renewed!! i'm not very religios at all but today i feel like he is really looking after me and that makes me feel like if i can take on anything today!! wow, thats a really awesome feeling!!!!                  maybe its because mom sent me so many ihearts? lol love you mom!"
hm   i wonder what everyone is up to?
today's weather sucks > annoyed \
can't wait to be done with finals and papers!
make a change every day but keep the same face
fire alarm keeps going off   how am i suppose to waste my time in the computer if i keep getting forced to leave my room!?
the elite four arent so tough! piece of cake!
"havent been able to sleep well, why am i so uneasy?"
"like a hot knife through butter, you have all \been carved into my heart with a hot sensation that burns oh so good  \let <propfemale> allow us to cross paths again someday  but for now, sayonara\ <propfemale>!! daisuki!!"
i have 541 snes games in my psp!? oh boy!!  laugh 
"enjoying unsensored, bloody open surgery proceedures while eating ketter popcorn  smile  indeed, its the little things that help you see how good life is "
boricua power baby!! <propfemale> wins survivor!! woot!!
hoping everythig turns out alright 
"oh now thats just great!! my body temperature sky-rocketed and my skin is flushed with anger!! and the stupid thing is that i'm angry about something insignificant   or maybe i'm angry because it isnt insignificant and someone else thinks it is     dah!!!! ok ok ok   calm down! calm down                                i'm going to gut him alive   gut him, gut him, gut him     smile  yay for happy thoughts"
what a drag   
"job hunting, college hunting, just plain and simply hunting "
making mofongo relleno de camarones with my mom! anyone want some?
passion pits has some real good music!! heheheh    passion pits    i can't seem to say that name without giggling a bit afterwards 
phew!! what a nice morning! maybe i'll go for a walk  or roll on the grass for a lil bit 
my phone broke   this is the third phone i fuck up!! damn   i go though phones faster than a bar of milk chocolate with almonds  and thats sayin something!!
ugh    been sick all day!
feeling better    although my upper abdomen feels like there's a 10 pound rock tied to it
"wow, wow, wow, wow, wow!!    some one took my swimsuit and i demand to know who   or what   took it "
there a place in this world where people like me are found by people like you  so find a place as this forever divine 
raaaaaaawrrr!!!!~ love  heheheh  smile 
"mmm    in a <propfemale> day like this one, its so nice to know you have a wii, ps3, xbox 360, ps2, nintendo 64 and psp's to keep you company "
sigh    it  sucks to wake up sick  sad 
leerooooooooooyyyyy jeeeeenkiinsss
"hay dios mio    por  que siento este basio tan inmenso en mi? no se is es mi <propfemale>, o mi <propfemale>, o mi cuerpo    pero me siento tan basia "
la <propfemale> mueve monta~as
yay  smile  new swimsuit!
watching undateable on vh1    lmfao!!! hahahah!!!
dreaming a dream of you
"what is the difference between an \i love you\"" and an \""i love ya\""?"""
this day feels fucking awesome!!!!!!1
"just saw an episode of law and order and i realized    i'm gonna get so damn pissed if the man i married turned out to be gay  for real, its gonna piss me off!!"
a baconator from <propfemale>'s tastes even more awesome when your extremly hungry  i tore that thing apart!!!!! yumm :9
gah! this is the third night this happens to me    i forgot how to fall asleep!! i feel like an owl o o im too much of a thoughrough thinker   
yes!!! finally    enjoy the apartment pool!!! mmmmmm    plus pizza for dinner  epic day  smile 
i'm putting my money on brasil or germany!!    oh wait   i'm broke  sad 
"time flows  like a river, never turning back  a childish mind will turn  to <propmale> ambition    young love will become deep affection    the clear water's surface reflects growth   "
   where is the air   
    forgive and forget   
the legend of zelda: skyward sword!!!!! its gonna be frikkin sweet
"i'm not a river girl    give me a pool or a beach anyday  still, its pretty cool  smile "
so our oceans are filling up with oil and our atmosphere will be filling up with methane  so if someone lights a match around 2012 we will become the solar systems second sun  hurray for happy endings 
"i'm just tired    time for a change  clean slates are meaningless, i'll do with what i have and make a masterpiece out of it  in the end, no matter where i end up, i'll never be alone "
addicted to metalgearsolid: peace <propmale>  begging tea to play mgs with me  laugh  its so fun
sick and tired of my neighbor blasting my bedroom wall with cheesy opera music from the 70's!!
i complained to my neighbor about the loud music and i got flowers in return hahah!!
why not    i'm  gonna cheer for chile instead this time  smile 
and chile was owned    sigh
pero que mal portugal <propfemale> <propfemale> pegando a la frikkin pelota!! por <propfemale> menos tienen <propfemale> defensa   
doing monster <propmale> quests in peace <propmale>  laugh 
hmmm    i want to fly  smile 
just made a large batch of sugary vanilla cookies and they came out so good and fluffy :9
"just made and perfected my favority dish, guanimitos  laugh     now what would be a good complimentary side dish? hmmm   "
started to make a personal recipe book  this is or a sign of boredom or a sign that maybe i truly am inlove
"he is here and there, everywhere  all we have to do is reach  he never runs away  from our reach, we are the ones that run away from his  knowledge of the day: brownies and frosting don't mix "
curse you octopuse!!!! may you burn in a grill~!!!!
i love my idiot with all my heart   i can't wait to be next to him and only him 
    sigh   
lost in the peculiar world of earthbound 
sweet jumping jelly bean!! i'm awake!
i'm  in despair!! i over-cooked the pasta which is a stupid mistake to do with my e playful erience!!
"remember kids, don't do anything i would do!~ love "
its funny when you see a walmart next to an out-of-business kroger 
"fly me to the <propfemale> and let me be among the stars \let me see how spring is like on jupiter and mars \in other words, hold my hand  in other word, baby kiss me \fill my heart with song and let me sing forever more\your the one i long for, the one i worship and adore \in other words, please be true  in other words, i love you    i love you~ love !"
"marathon of \1000 ways to die\""!!! yes!!!"""
trying to patch up an old and very special nintendo jacket    so much black ink sharpie and sowing is needed 
"i seem to have an unusual craving for mini wheats cereal    i dunno why, they taste like frikking hay!"
smiley face  smile  heheh
hanging out with my god-son and his sister  smile 
"i can't seem to gather    the power to     roll out of bed!!! in the name of brownie cookies, i need frikkin power!!"
"for not being able to roll out of bed this morning, this day turned out to be one of the bests  smile  to top it off it be great to spend some quality time with the man i love most in this world "
whatching old looney toons and  <propfirst> mouse cartoons  none better than the old school cartoons 
dear world: t('u't)
i haven't been this happy in like fucking forever  fluffy  chocolate  cookies for everyone!!1!!  laugh 
passing time playing the megaman zero collection 
"so tired of being there, yet standing alone when i need you  you fucking idiot   "
"playing locoroco, megaman zero, earthbound and <propfirst> & <propmale>   laugh  i  love  locoroco"
for some reason i feel heart brokenly sad right now    i don't know why  feels like i might just cry 
phew    now this is a goooooooooooood morning 
why is it that when i wake up early i tend to roll in bed like a cat rolling over catnip? 0 o
birth by sleep       yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
playing birth by sleep and i suffered a severe fan girl squeek when i saw ansem and heard his classic darkness speech  laugh 
"thinking of someone very special, important to my heart "
has re-awaken her undying love for super kawaii yaoi!!  laugh 
i woke up inlove this morning  love   love   love 
"nothing like sun drying next to the pool with nice techno music, best thinking time ever "
"in the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself  that is the meaning of inner strength  hmmm  smile  i should sun dry more often!!!"
"spent the day remembering moments important to my heart, can't help but have a smile or two escape my lips "
had a full day of cleaning  *sssssssniff* aaaaah    the stink of clean   laugh 
"seeing so many paranormal activity shows have brought a great question to my mind, why is peptobismol pink? o 0"
i cant believe it    im watching <propfemale> trek!!
rawr! ~  love 
"why why why!??? why couldnt i stop myself from checking the rockman zero manga!?!?!??!?!?!? my eyes, my brain, how they melt in painful agony with the flames of disappointment!!"
   seeing many things a little differently than before 
"gonna make cinnamon pretzels, lets see how this will turn out  laugh "
in a damn good mood!! wooh!!  laugh 
making even more pretzels  smile 
yaoi moe!! moeeeee!!  laugh   love   love   love   love 
"carved a pumpkin today, it was more fun than i thought it would be  laugh "
already running our of <propfemale> for the kids -___- happy halloween everyone!
"sweet sweet november, i missed you so "
love causes a person to wander 
"decorating is so nice, it feels like these holidays will be very special  a bit more than the rest that is  smile "
i will look into the horizon and wait for the day i will find you by my side o 0
 sad 
"coquito, coquito, coquito!! come on mom!! make it already please, strong just how i like it!!  smile "
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
i miss my idiot  sad 
in a damn good mood  smile 
"finally back home, now    sleep "
"still wondering why does the ice-cream truck that circles around my apartment plays \la cucaracha\""  it seems more like an illegal immigrant trap truck rather than an ice-cream truck """
i should catch up on my comics  smile 
trying to master the science of sackbots
