3740276e183c27c0b41838f891c3871e
"got food poisoning from mcd's, have medical records to prove it  mostly free money, here i come  any advice? thinking about confronting the store owner with my med records and asking to settle out of court for $5,000 (when the average settlement is $10,000-$20,000) "
"yep, my saturn is pretty much totalled  what the hell do i do now? i guess i could just go to canada with the rental   "
"so now instead of totalling out the car that has $3,500 worth of damage when the car is only worth $4,000, allstate is going to pay for the repairs minus the $1,000 deductible and stick me with just over a month's worth of rental fees, which comes out to just over another $1,000  i am going to kill my allstate agent "
"borrowing one of my dungeons and dragons' buddies' car! promised to replace the battery in his <propfirst>, replace the antifreeze, and keep the tank full  saved "
"so my cat spazz is apparently a little hussy, coming home knocked up without a man or welfare check to show for it! i should have sent her off to college as soon as her eyes opened!"
this has been such an awesome week!
i'mma chargin mah lazur!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1112
the kittens are old enough to crawl    all over me and my keyboard! help! help!
so the tax refund that was supposed to be here last friday now is not arriving until april 6th  what the fuck man 
worst vacation ever 
"trying to fiddle with website coding in css, anybody have any suggestions requests for a practice project?"
first day on the job today   laugh  woohoo!
sooooo travelocity  not a good time 
i am so awesome  i just moved a ton of furniture and cleaned the house in an hour without waking up my puppy  *tailwag*
"arrr, lads n lassies! if ye didn't know, ye can hit <propfemale> language preference at the bottom left corner of the screen and change <propfemale> tongue o' choice to pirate!"
"if you like this status, i will tell you one thing i like about you  feel free to repost!"
so i was taking a bath and then i wondered  why do air bubbles stick to hair when it goes underwater?
guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh  just          guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh  my fucking car broke again       just        guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh 
car is fixed   annoyed 
"guys, i have an announcement! pup has agreed to do my hair for my birthday  i am getting dreadlocks  x3 september 4th is going to be the best stay-at-home-with-hubby-because-you-have-no-local-friends-except-that-one-group-who-isn't-really-your-friends (that is a rather large hyphenated section) birthday ever  dreadlocks, you hear me biological mom and dad? your daughter will look like a damned hippy  mwahahaha!!!!"
"*sigh* i wish facebook had a \dislike\"" button for status updates that are offensive   annoyed """
"i want to build my own ecofriendly home out of recycled goods, but building permits are e playful ensive and it's a pain in the ass to pass inspections  what do i do? call it a storage cellar? build it without permits?"
"dear 10 year old darkie: seriously? this video game is the *worst* game i have ever played  and i played both prequels to this  there is no voice acting, soundtrack is awful, the dialogue is poorly translated and confusing, and there is no map feature when there's over 2500 locations  w  t  f "
burned 550 calories on the treadmill today  yes   laugh 
"went to bed nine hours from waking up, managed about 4 hours of sleep  this couch potato thing ends today, even if it takes police involvement  he  will  get off my couch "
"wasn't feeling as motivated today, only burned 250 calories today  i e playful ect more of me on wednesday "
"went to wal-mart and finally saw a poster of this <propfirst> bieber character  i felt dirty as if looking at child porn  lesbian child porn  seriously  first <propfirst> and now this? clearly, to lower our population, we are now seeking unappealing, infertile partners  wtf?"
"are you or were you ever a fan of kingdom hearts? if so, how? where is the fun part of this game?"
is anyone online right now with texting abilities? i got locked out of my hotmail account and don't have a phone on me to get the confirmation code 
"woohoo, new week everybody!  laugh "
"important notice everyone! since this is apparently surprising some people, i want to make this clear  do  not  ever  post pics of me without my prior consent or approval  especially not childhood pictures  i will block you  repeat: i will block you "
good gravy  how is it friday already?
"huh  so it turns out, wisdom teeth growing in sideways, threatening to shove fillings out of nearby teeth, is not fun  learn something every day "
"redreading today, with professional sections this time so everything should look much better this time  in a few months i'll be able to dye them  i can't *wait*   laugh  will definitely upload pics, but i have nothing to wear   sad  goodwill, perhaps?"
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo  it's a gramatically correct sentence  proof at en wikipedia org wiki buffalo_buffalo_buffalo
"if you're into currency trading or stock market trading, i found a website (etoro) that lets you play with virtual money  if you get uber at it, there's competitions with fake money, or there's always real money to play with  i suck so far though   laugh  mom? help?"
"if you had infinite money, what would you do with it?"
happy samhain errbuddy! make sure to demand free <propfemale> from your neighbors; it's your right as an american on this day (sorry aussie and norway buddies) 
just tried to watch district 9 on netflix  just    horrific  we got through the first 20 minutes and quit watching 
dr  horrible's sing-along blog  can not recommend highly enough 
"remember, remember, the 5th of november  the gun powder, treason, and plot   "
"deleted some buddies who don't seem to use facebook anymore  it's not a social statement  please don't get all \why'd you delete this person? are you being a drama llama?\"" because i'm not  thank you   love """
"today marks the beginning of year six that i have been lucky enough to have the ultimate partner at my side  though you have no facebook, happy anniversary puppy!"
"dear twilight fans, please realize that because vampires are dead and have no blood pumping through them, they can never get an erection  enjoy fantasizing about that  sincerely, logic "
"and it's time to take the dreadlocks out again, this time i did them too thin so they keep matting up like beaver tails   laugh  third time will be the charm though, i can feel it!"
"dear deity, thank you in advance for making tomorrow a much better day than today was   smile "
30 hours until i get to go see the new hp movie! yay!
i can't sleep   puppy's signing out for leave in 4 hours and we will then frantically pack everything at the absolute last second and pass out until it's time to go to vegas baby 
"vegas is awesome  i will be posting a blog (blag) about it on tuesday, but until then, just be content in the knowledge that it's awesome "
home from vegas   laugh 
"i always find such joy in getting things done, yet i am a lazy procrastinator  why? d:"
"i have made my bangs into dreadlocks! after they have five or six months to adjust to their new shape, i will be following up with the rest of my head "
*sigh* i'm so tired of not having any local friends 
"today marks day one of my attempt to get more healthy  just sticking to calorie counting (current goal is 1700 a day, will work down to 1500 a day) and ten minutes of wii fit a day  before pictures have been taken and after pictures will follow "
*inserts head into wall*
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons "
wish i didn't have such bad luck with computers    this is the third hdd i have broken   laugh  any suggestions?
"hey guys!  laugh  got a computer again  katt is probably right as to the cause of death of the last laptop, as pup likes to put the laptop in a backpack and take it to work while it's in standby mode "
"well, i think it's about time to get ink #2  i think i've settled on what i want next  i've drawn it on myself in permanent marker, and if i haven't gotten sick of it in a month, i'm getting it   laugh  as to what \it\"" is    you'll just have to see in a month   wink """
"like my status and i'll post the answers on your wall annoyed 1  what's your name saved as on my phone?\2  how long have i known you?\3  what's my most memorable moment with you?\4  one word to describe you?\      5  what i love about you?\6  what i hate about you?\7  you've just been dared to make this your status \\stole from <propfirst> escoto "
happy buy useless crap for your spouse day!  laugh 
"important  tomorrow facebook will change its settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening go to account   home invasion settings   cannibalism   brains and un-check the \tasty\"" box  please copy and re-post!"""
"i see you driving\round town with the girl i love\and i'm like, haiku \(please, it's a stolen joke  i'm not *that* clever )"
"huh  so i asked someone what their preferred mix drink is, and they accused me of being alcoholic  i am not, and therefore denied the accusation, and am now being told i have a temper problem and \start the day again \"" so my friend's list just went down by one person   laugh  \",3740276e183c27c0b41838f891c3871e,i have a toaster! *squeeeeeeee*
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using only four words, what would you say to me? don't let me down  x3"
"so let me get this straight   kelsey grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods while married were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really?\\re-post if you find this moronic   "
played dnd last night and for once it was actually fun instead of filled with drama and yelling and stupid people being stupid  hooray!  laugh 
"okay, now i'm pissed  i e-mailed dream power on thursday  they have a 24 hour response time policy  still nothing  if i don't get something today, then tomorrow morning they'll have a surprise on their doorstep "
bought one of them awesome change jars that counts the change for you   laugh 
i hate outgrowing people 
"a group of turkeys is called a \cream \"" that is all """
just dropped off the kittens  i am an emotional wreck now  yay 
"why is it that the more ignorant someone is, the more they are convinced they are right?"
"saw <propfirst>, and it is fantastic  10 10  go see it!"
i am so skilled at bowling that i managed to bowl a 0 with the bumpers up  awww yeah!
"ever have one of those days that every time you open your mouth, no matter who you talk to, you're ignored or made to feel stupid? how do you deal with that?"
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words are harder than you think    "
dear snow: you must be lost  the north pole is that way 
wrestlemania was fantastic this year  not one disappointing match  also can't help but be happy that i called 5 of 7 matches correctly 
*sigh* damn you money 
