cf60c496286f8a78653edf7d0731cf3d
is wishing that her besties would live in the same town as me   oh how i miss the old days of clowning around and getting into trouble    sad  i miss u guys   
thinks my best friend is crazy but i love her!!! smile 
is back in sa for the time being   
is sad   but yet happy   dci!!!
is off to san <propmale> for the day   
wakes up this morning to the sound for mexicans fixing up a room in the apartment   not cool and its my day off   
good luck to all my friends starting classes tomorrow   hope u have a great first day    smile  and good luck to my lil sisters on her first day of high school    smile 
good luck to everyone on their first day of class tomorrow   first class at 8   
im tired   but i had fun today   now time for work sad 
two classes down    now a <propfemale> session then two more classes to go    annoyed  at least i dont have class tomorrow smile 
is reading for class   
wants <propfemale> to make her food to eat   ;p please!!!! smile 
woke up at 5am went for a jog now im getting ready for my day ahead    smile 
hates driving in the rain   bad thigns always happen   but its all good my close friends came to my rescue   i love u guys and thank u   muah!!!! smile 
hates driving in the rain   bad things always happen   but its all good my close friends came to my rescue   i love u guys and thank u   muah!!!! smile 
just  wants to sleep today!!!!! sad 
lovers her roommates they r so silly    
loves all her new amazing sisters   
so my phone got a virus and i lost all my <propfirst> sooooo txt    so i can get all my <propfirst> back   please and thank u smile 
is in the jpl working on bio and literature    sad 
i just have one more class then im done    smile 
is going to bed    smile  nite everyone   
hates bio with a passion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
at home chilin with the roomies makin some caldo
omg baking a cake today was a bad idea   someone take it from our apartment    
so making breakfast at ten at nite was a great idea   it is so good    smile 
is packing   then finishing my hw for the week to come    annoyed 
packing for today   while watching my roomies be silly   love u guys smile 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy and z!!!!! now i know my abc's next time wont you sing with me!?!?!?!?! smile 
wants food!!!!someone make me food   please!!!!!!!!
is going to work sad 
is going to go paint before class at one    smile 
my little better love me forever after this week   for all the help and things i've done for her   and my grand littles  smile   i love you little!
lil & big reveal today   yay for grand lils and grand nieces smile 
so best fest was fun and we won the door decorating contest   free gift cards and movie tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
my heart goes out to the soldiers and there families in killeen ft hood   
omg   my roommates r crazy!!!! smile 
y lights    y do u have to fail me now   sad day   and ur not coming on til 2 in the morning sad day    sad 
hates being sick sad  soup   movies   orange juice   all day):
is running on an hour and half of sleep   today smile  one test down three to go smile 
making snickerdoodles    laugh 
i sang to a banana in line at a bank because i'm sexy and i do what i want 
i wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing -<propmale> swift-
wants to go to the <propfemale> and back smile 
out with a friend today   then work at five sad 
"words are but wind; and learning is nothing but words; ergo, learning is nothing but wind "
time for work til nine sad 
dining table
"god made mud, god made dirt, god made boys so girls can flirt  playful "
no more food forever   omg annoyed 
how does it go from <propfemale> and bright to gloomy and pouring down rain in just a blink of an eye sad 
"you are always a student, never a master  you have to keep moving forward "
loves putting on music and just doing hw   
i think therefore i am single    annoyed  (sigh) whats your excuse?
why is it so cold in this apartment    sad 
is so confused today     annoyed 
aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!! ppl r so stupid   
"friendship is like any relationship, it takes lots of work but if you are the only one putting in work then it really isn't a friendship  so remember that it is both parties responsibility to reach out!! --s c f "
wants to go home to killeen where it snowed and where the kids r having a snow day   
im really hungry   what to eat what to eat    that is the question    smile 
omg what a day   going for a walk to clear my mind    smile 
baking chocolate chunk cookies and reading for history     smile just to brighten my sour day   
ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> left yesterday and now <propfemale> is leaving today   and me   well i have work sad 
popcorn and movie time smile 
wishes her brain had an off switch so i can stop thinking and just go to sleep annoyed 
hey   turn the lights on smile 
is try'n to pack but is failing sad 
?girlfriends are sisters we choose for ourselves? i miss u guys smile 
don't worry coach i got your back   i love the blindside smile 
wishes that life was like a <propfemale> tale story   but then reality hits    annoyed 
is making a cake for <propfemale>  smile 
this a such a beautiful day   to spread your wings and fly away   if only i was a bird smile 
going to wash the car then get some ice cream or orange cup   peace smile 
wants ice cream!!!! smile 
drawing with chalk with the roomies smile 
?play'n yahtzee and listening to music with the girls?
lol im never going to bed tonight with my roomies acting crazy smile  <propfemale> no food fights!!!!
live like your dying?
making lasagna before i go to work at 4 smile 
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, heres a task for you   i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  fun to read some history!"
no shoes today   go barefoot smile 
omg    this is going to be a night to remember laugh 
made fajitas and now for dessert fresh made brownies with vanilla and hot fudge  smile  i ? cooking laugh 
made fajitas and now for dessert fresh made brownies with vanilla icecream and hot fudge  smile  i ? cooking laugh 
"decisions, decisions    why is life so difficult?"
watch'n where the wild things are   with jonna laugh 
l-o-v-e    it's a mystery   where you'll find me!?
listening to music and dancing the stress away    ? rainy days when i have days off laugh 
going shopping with jonna smile 
my lip gloss is cool my lip gloss be poppin im standing at my locker and    
i ? my bestie katrina   she always makes my day!!! smile 
tell the thunder to stop    
well never ever get in a car with <propfemale> ever again!!!!!!lol
really wants ice cream right now!!!!!!!!!! smile 
been up since 730am studying now its time to go to work then after come home and study some more annoyed 
just got home time to study once again sad 
<propfemale> thinks im a nerd cuz im listening to chemistry raps   but she knows they r awesome!!!!!!!!!
watching patch adams with <propfemale> but should really finish reviewing and sleep smile 
last three finals today    on campus from 730am til 730pm    its going to be a long day   txt me smile 
is done with the semester    now bring on the summer fun smile 
happy birthday katrina    my sister from another mother smile  love u loser?
please someone anyone get <propfirst> out of my apartment please   he's being mean sad 
why oh why is <propfirst> still here at my apartment doesnt he have a home     annoyed 
? happy mothers day ?
?'s her bestie katrina    shes such a loser but i love her smile 
is hungry    annoyed 
why is it soooooo cold in this apartment!!! annoyed 
? rawr ?
omg!!!!!!
? rawr ?
off to k-town and <propfirst> for the next two days smile 
sooo    in <propfirst> just saw my brother graduate from ut   hook'em smile 
just got out of work   now its time to get ready and go out on my date tonite wink 
has to be one of the best dates ever   well at least top five smile 
oh why is it soooo hard to plan a trip to see my bestie sad 
omg   im never going to bed <propfemale> started watching season four of heros and i just cant stop watchn sad 
sex and the city 2 at midnite!!!
u got to love sex and the city smile 
loves going down memory <propfirst> with my bestie     lol
<propfemale> and i have decided    professional bums we will be this summer smile 
planning my summer trip    july needs to come fast smile 
had a fun day off today   went to the zoo!!! smile 
<propfirst> jr  come out   come out where ever you are!?!?!?! annoyed 
had a great day today   work from 11 to 7 then got a free starbucks drink and now im in k-town in one piece   and there was no traffic the whole way down laugh 
time to go play some old school nintendo!!! smile 
?rawr?
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!
is sooooooo sleeeeepppppyyyyyy annoyed 
has lots to think about in the coming weeks annoyed 
"what to do, what to do   that is the question annoyed "
so much to do today i hope i finish everything before movie time smile 
cant believe i almost died today   but its all good had fun smile 
work then grandmothers house i go smile  happy fourth of july smile 
?'s her bestie katrina smile 
needs to sleep   needs to feel better   needs to finish moving   someone give me some magic annoyed 
wishes someone anyone would come and finish unpacking for me and make me food annoyed 
is going to see her bestie in a week im soooo excited laugh 
thursday august 12th needs to come now!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
watching the diary of a wimpy kid with my lil sisters smile 
time for work then out with friends  wink 
just feels like dancing smile 
whats to know why dreams are so weird and random    annoyed 
is hungry and wants food   what should i make for dinner tonite wink 
i have a crazy roommate   but i ? her smile 
doesn't like secrets or surprises when it has to do with me   just tell me already!!!
what to do   what to do   maybe i will bake something smile 
?'s the smell of fresh baked brownies  smile 
just feels like dancing all day long smile 
<propfemale> is my drama mama   but i love her   and its always a good laugh smile 
why is it soooo hard to plan things out annoyed 
what to do tonight    what to do     annoyed 
work til 6    at least i'm not closing smile 
please rain i love u but do not rain on thursday    annoyed 
life is maze and love is a riddle    i dont know where to go i can't do it alone i've tried and i don't know why     but i've enjoyed the show ?
why is it so hard yet so easy  annoyed 
just call me the cookie monster smile 
"goodbye, my almost lover    goodbye, my hopeless dream    i'm trying not to think about you    can't you just let me be?"
well make anyone homemade cookies if they finish my paper for me smile 
will make anyone homemade cookies if they finish my paper for me   (happy <propfirst>)
"each time i miss you, a <propfemale> falls down from the sky  so, if you looked up at the sky and found it dark with no <propfemale>s, it is all your fault  you made me miss you too much   "
listening to music and making chocolate chip peanut butter cookies smile 
time for work    sad 
omg talk'n to brand'ee and vianca on skype   lol gossiping about everything and anything smile 
you've got to love the classics   frank sinatra and the books smile 
soooo sleepy   
cleaned the apartment   and put beans to cook   cake in the oven and mexican corn bread next in the oven i ? days were i get so much done smile 
makes me think   im happy that my bother graduated ut in the spring and that he not at ut   be safe everyone at ut!
i like it on my desk 
?'s october!!! best month of the whole year smile 
exactly one week til my birthday smile 
this made my night   lol
?'s swiss chocolate ice cream with strawberries and mini chocolate chips    yummy in my tummy smile 
"just got home from the san <propfirst> museum of art   time to make dinner steak with sauteed mushroom, mashed potatoes and green veggies with a garden salad to begin   but what for desert?!?!?  smile "
is going to a wedding in laredo   
the wedding was fun   the food was ok   the music was good and the dancing was funny   over all it was a good wedding smile 
happy halloween!!!!!! wink 
just got back from laredo    thinks its fun that when i went through the border inspection station the border patrol was flirting with me    no wonder illegal mexicans get in the states   lol
oh ceramics class how i hate yet love you smile 
thinks it funny that brand'ee is on call but the ppl that r in the office with her r driving her crazy lol    but at less she has me to talk too smile 
brand'ee <propmale> is going to get me in to trouble    
?'s having saturdays off smile 
making enchiladas for dinner and then watch'n toy story 3 smile 
needs to find someone new to talk to other then brand'ee shes being crazy tonight   bahahaha smile 
it looks like ill be needing a new roommate any takers   
looking at furniture to get me in a happy mood smile 
watch'n the road   i hope i don't cry lol
today is a blast music and dance around day smile  to bad i have work today oh well ill just dance there smile 
loves how my managers change my schedule the day before just b c the vice president of the company or what not is coming to the store tomorrow   930am to 5pm cashier and jewelry counter  sad  at least i can leave early to grandmas smile 
? happy thanksgiving ? i'm thankful for everyone in my life and for the food!!! lol love u all  smile 
oh i hate black friday!!!! had to cut my visit home short do to all the ppl who shop on this day so thanks thanks alot   1 to 9 tonight sad 
really doesn't want to finish her final paper    aaahhhhhhh!!!!
amazing show <propfemale> secret    very cute and sexy lines!!!
"change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, dec  6th  join the fight against child abuse! copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
sprite
"had a fun night now its time to sleep and wake up and go to work sad \on a happy note   happy birthday <propfemale> gonzalez !!!bahahaha smile "
why is it when you need techonlogy the most it wants to be f'n stupid    ; 
day was my last day work'n with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>  im super sad sad    so im goin to bake my some snickerdoodle cookies smile 
?'s her grandma smile 
happy 26th anniversary to the best parents in the world    smile 
cant wait until tonight    smile 
hates the cold    sad 
ice cream time with my sweetheart! ?
oh how i wish this day would end sad 
