f3413ed33b103e21ec1ef21bc1082dc2
"the toe you step on today, might be connected to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow   (food for thought)"
bleh gotta go town    shitty   
omg its soooo freaking cold! brrr!!!
weee suppose to be warmer this week thank god!
working 7am-3pm bleh     text me 503-442-2758
omg sick!!!! bleh 102 temp!!! and gotta work 12pm-8pm tomorrow!!  sad 
"bored     and \xxx\"" go figure lol  smile """
bored
weeeeeee i just got me a 42inch lcd tv and a ps3 helllll yea  smile 
happy turkey day!  smile 
bored   and its freakin cold     playful 
playing cod: modern warfare 2 on ps3
weeeee its almost xmas!!!  smile  only one day left of work  smile 
hellzzz yea to the snow!!! more more more!!!  laugh 
at home    bored    
holy ballz its fucking busy as hell!!!!
bored       annoyed 
bleh gotta go to work in 3 hours  sad 
weee off to work i go    5pm till 3am   
fucking bored      sad 
        nuttin to do    how boring
good morning all  smile 
hit me up for a chat peeps im bored
bleh startin my work week tonite gotta work 5pm-3am yeehaw you should text me and keep me company lol 503-442-2758
bleh workin 5pm-3am text me 5034422758 going to be a long nite    
bleh only had one day off this week     back to work today yeeehaw        
bored  sad 
bleh sup
need more valentines!~!  smile 
bleh workin 5pm till 3-4am weee      playful 
home from work    bout fuckin time    ok now im bored and dont wanna go to bed    this sucks  sad 
gotta make it thru work tonite and then im off for the next 3 days     helllz yea lol course going to be hella bored but eh     lest not working!  smile 
bored    off next 3 days dunno what to do?????  sad 
bored        
chillin at home bored on my day off    yeeeeehaw
running to best buy and smoke shop back in 30
bored    
off work for 4 days     aka bored
chilin bored    watchn me some ncis  smile 
add me as friend if you have mafia wars     giving it another go    i played it when it had just first came out like 3-4 years ago on myspace lol looks so much better now days lol
playin ps3 anyone else have one? want more buddies to play wit  smile 
"omg!!! i just won a all  e playful ence paid trip to (       not telling if you wanna know ask me!!!) for 4  days 3 nights plus airfare, food, drinks (aka beer!!!) and lots of free  gifts      which include     shoes, luggage, hat, digital camera, jacket  and much more!!! omg i never win im sooo fuckin excited!!!!!"
"omg!!! i just won a all   e playful ence paid trip to (       not telling if you wanna know ask me!!!)  for 4  days 3 nights plus airfare, food, drinks (aka beer!!!) and lots  of free  gifts      which include     shoes, luggage, hat, digital  camera, jacket  and much more!!! omg i never win im sooo fuckin  excited!!!!!"
bored     hit me up
driving to seattle tonite    
"kick ass!!! just got tickets to lady gaga at the rosegarden aug, 19th!!!!"
well    i just had the night from hell at work tonite    makes me glad i dont own a gun or im pretty sure i would have used it when i got home    
ugh    tonight is going to suck    i have an  idiot of a crew i have to deal with tonite     ever wanted to just grab  someones head and hold it in the deep fryer?         
really thinks it would be nice to have my divers licence       *hint hint* yea    thats right you know who you are      playful  lol
had a good night  smile   going to bed now
packing up my shit    its moving day  smile  yeeeehaaaah!!!
chillin     bored    
best day i have had in a long time!  smile  *happy happy joy joy*
bored     dont wanna go work  playful  btw that new guy    yea he is a fuckin dipshit      just saying   
weeee first day of my weekend alright!!!  smile 
chillin bored   
one day down    3 to go    omg friday night shift is going to suck fuckin monkey balls!
"omg   i sooooo want to call in sick tonite    going to be a really long    really shit nite    i have such a \wonderful\"" crew tonite    gawd i miss <propfemale>     """
"omg    made it through friday night    now i just gotta make it through \saturday night with the same damn crew    what contest in hell did i \win!?!?!?!"
gotta go to work 4pm-2am but thats ok had a great morning thanks to someone so im in a good mood      laugh  shoots im outties
bored           fyi
feeling icky  sad  dont like it  sad 
eh well today sucks    
"weee todays my friday!!!  smile  just gotta make it thru tonite with the 2 \best\"" closers ever!!!! (read as extreme sarcasm)       oh yea so text me 503-442-2758 or hit me up on my yahoo msgr s n kram_2010@rocketmail com cuz i know that my fone is the only thing going to keep me sane tonite!"""
ssdd     god im in a rut    
am planning on gettin really fuckin drunk    might end up with me in er but fuck it its worth it    bad month    hell bad year
ok so    im stupid    go figure
i got me a nintendo wii !!!  smile  way wicked kewl    needed some shopping theropy its been a bad week    
sup
sooooo bored      
good night cruel world     
off to bed i go    gotta go dodge tomorrow and have them fix my damn car    prob going to cost me an arm and a leg    damnit! why this shit always gotta happen after the warranty runs out    
had a great night  smile 
yeehaw starting my weekend
f'n bored    wat to do    
2 days down    2 to go    then 3 days off work one day and 6 days off    helll fuck ya bout time i got me some vacation!  laugh 
what the hell    hanging out with someone and they are either talking on phone or siting at table having coffee and friends walk in and they turn their chair to their table and talks with them     guess i see how i rate     sad 
is home from coast just enjoying the last couple days of vacation    weeeeeee
sleeping    leave msg   
omg! its so hot at work its 89 degrees in the kitchen and 84 in the dinning room! wtf
bored      sad 
"i swear to god fb needs to add in a \dont like\"" button next to the \""like\"" button    it only make sence     kinda one sided otherwise    fb is telling us we have to either \""like\"" it or keep our dislike to ourselves and not share it    wtf?!?!?!"""
"so much for having the day off     i \get\"" to go work since non of the other wonderful crew want to work even tho they bitch and moan all the time for more hours     i hate stupid people"""
bored hit me up for a chat  smile 
this is going to be a really really really long night     i might have to stop with the closing shifts and work days or swings     
omg! i'm so fucking glad this work week of hell is almost over!!!
i wanna get baked sooooo bad!
i need a vacation    wish had someone to go on one with    
making dinner and drinkin corona oh yea  smile 
sooo fuckn hot 99 outside 90 in the kitchen at work    fuckn sweatn ballz
one day till lady gaga!!!! cant wait!!!!  laugh 
15 1 2 hours till lady gaga!!!!!! omg cant fucking wait!!!!
at work      text me 503-442-2758
weee my 2 days off are here good times
all blind great way to start my weekend!
at work text me 503-442-2758
    
watching mi-5 on netflix season 1 ep 1
alright going to quit smoking     its costing me around 150 bucks a month ($1800 a year) and i cant afford it     sooooo its going to fucking suck for me    and everyone around me    just and fyi dont piss me off    
weeeeee next 3 days off!!!!
fucking playstation network is offline till 5pm wtf!?!?! cant they do this shit on one of the days i work!?!?! fuck!!
back to work    this week should be interesting     
bored     
weeeee  lucky me    i get to close tonight    what contest in hell did i win lol bleh
only 7 days till my birthday   
6 days till b-day
5 days till bday    
3 days     
2 days    
366 days till im 30     wtf
well this was totally the best birthday i have ever had    
"nutrition facts for xxl chalupa annoyed calories: 650\calories from fat: 350\saturated fat: 9 (gram)\total fat: 39 (g)\trans fat 1 (g)\cholesterol: 55 (mg)\sodium: 1300 (mg)\carbohydrates: 53 (g)\surgars 6 (g)\protein 23 (g)\{info found on tacobell com}\\so if you get the combo which is 1 xxl 1 taco and a large soda thats 1195 calories in one setting\and people bitch because they are fat     huh    "
omg i lost my voice     hmmm well lest people cant bitch about me being negative for the time being     guess i will have to resort to physical abuse    heh i like it  laugh     ohhhh <propfemale>     come here      laugh 
glad i cant taste anything    im to bleh to cook anything so dug in the pantry and found a can of speghettio's i havnt had those for what like 15 years already lol still as bad as i remembing them being    gugh
at buffalo wild wings with <propfirst> and his brother     now thats what u call a 2 for 1 deal!
besides for feeling like fucking shitty had a pretty good day
omg     im sooo fucked    tonite is going to suck     i cant stop coughing     didnt get any sleep lastnight for same reason    soooo sucks    need one more manager so i dont feel bad about calling in sick   
ok    so <propfemale> is my hero    shes coving my ass so i can say home and make oh so sweet love with my newest pal ny quil    he makes me feel amazing he so good at what he does i dont even want to get out of bed    (course thats because of the coma he puts me in    )
going to urgent care     i need drugs    or something im fuckin dying    <propfirst> is going to shit bricks if they tell me i need to stay home    eh
k well the other managers at tb are going to hate me went to doc i have a really bad sinus infection and strep fuckin awesome combo     im out tonite and tomorrow untill the antibotics they gave me kick in so i dont infect anyone else    yep    alwells    when it it comes down to it im going to look out for myself first if they cant deal with it at work   well that sucks im sorry but thats life   
drugs kicking in     going to pass out    peace out world
glad <propfirst> is working today so i dont have to     im sleeping and doing laundry and cleaning my room today good times     smile 
going to fright town tonight    should be interesting   
at ghetto pasttimes with the drunks   
bored     
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status, so i can comment on yours! - fair is fair - play along"
yea    i get to dress up as a taco <propfemale> manager for halloween    wow    how fucking cool am i?     fml
why the fuck is it micky's has 10th people working with no one in drive and we have a line in drive and counter with 4?
going to buffalo wild wings soon    damnit means i have to figure out something to ware   
people are fucking fat     who needs $20 worth at food midnight    
need to find a boto to fill my needs
credit card machines not working huge orders pissed off people fucking busy     gawd i love my life    
thank god its my weekend    hot damn!
fried my cable modem with 42oz of soda        fml
18 degrees outside    freaking cold   
happy thanks giving to all    sept for one person who can die and burn in fuckin hell     smile 
im bored     
"ok been to sears, wal*mart, <propfirst> myers, best buy, target     if there was ever any doubt that i hated people    there is no doubt!"
wow yesterday was one hell of a day    good times tho    sept for gettin molested by ex taco <propfemale> employee    lol
i love closing by myself    makes life interesting    
down one closer so far for tonight    and who knows if <propfemale> is going to show up     so yea    guess im closing with just myself    again     fml i am over this shit 
"ok so i thought wrapping those gifts sucked    yea    no    now i have to clean the entire house    garage, kitchen, livingroom and do laundry    fml oh and on my next day off (tuesday) i \get\"" to clean my room    yeeehaw    i love having parties    """
"fight against child abusehappening now at every where nation widechange your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb til monday, dec 6  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the    same "
soooo    im hiding out in my room as there are way to many people over for this civil war game    altho i would soooo fuck pretty much all of my cousins friends    cuz damn    its like a fuckin a&f convention is in town    just sayin    and no <propfirst> that doesnt include you   
"weee    off to work i go    this should be \fun\"""""
"yet another \wonderful\"" night of work ahead of me    i cant wait       bleh"""
weee the start of my 3 days off thank gawd    one more work week for me then i get to party!!! and see my parents whom i havnt seen for the past year and half!!! this chirstmas might actually not suck!  smile 
ok    so either i have the worst allergies in the world    or i have a wicked cold and is kicking my ass    i think im starting to <propfemale> towards having a damn cold side cuz i feel like shit    
sooo on the way to the porn store riding in kaylas car we got pulled over     fml
ok     not good    i think i caught what <propfemale> had has i feel like im going to puke    havnt yet but am pretty sure its going to happen    fml     
ugh i dread tonight     
fml! tonite is fucking gay ass bullshit!!!! fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! !!!!!!!
just kill me    
you know your back in oregon (aka redneckland) when you go to take a shower and find shampoo conditioner for horses being used in the shower    
wow i got a really refreshing 22min of sleep last night    now i get to go back to work and do this shit all over again     i am going to buy any and all energy drinks between me and work    going to need em   
<propfemale> christmas to all     hope all of you have a great <propfemale> and an even better christmas day! love you all and wish nothing but the best for you and your families!
playing black ops on ps3 add me as a friend on ps3 if you like!  smile  my id is black_cobra_2012
just dropped parents off at the airport now driving to work    shitty deals
need a new job    anyone know of of any job openings that pay at lest 10 00?
playing me some black ops
bleh just got home from work    anyone awake?  im bored but can't sleep yet hit me up    http annoyed  yearbook com a x9qvm?ref=nf
at work    hit me up or ask me something http annoyed  yearbook com a xcfaq?ref=nf
soooo bored       http annoyed  yearbook com a  laugh hxn?ref=nf
"so i was looking up random facts online, and apparently, male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality  that totally e playful lains twilight "
needs some lovn
off for 10 days     what to do with myself 
"what did the indian say when the white man tied his penis in a knot? \how come?\"""""
baked
"end twilight in one scene  <propfemale> and <propfirst> smoke a blunt, <propfirst> gets the munchies, bye bye <propfemale>  laugh "
"did you just like your own status? seriously, that's like calling you cell phone from your house phone to talk to yourself "
has a new talent: being able to piss people off just by looking at them  just imagine what i could do if i actually spoke!!
"i never get jealous when i see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate "
"remember the 3 f rule  if your not \f\""ucking me \""f\""eeding me or \""f\""inancing me then your opinions really don't matter! please keep your opinions to yourself!"""
i have the body of a god  but it sucks cause its buddha 
"hey, you   yes, you, the person reading this   you suck monkey balls   that is all"
is wondering in mexico do you have to press one for spanish?
is currently taking applications for an evil minion  must be fluent in sarcasm and have a creative evil minion name  please list your name and proof of sarcasm 
i hate stupid fat cunts that fucking act like world is going to end if they don't get what they want when they want it and then throw a fit like a 3 year old!
sooo my glasses just broke    and i can't get them back together    and im legally blind with out them     fml i dunno how im going to finish work or drive home
kick ass     i just sliced my finger open on a sharp piece on the line and i have a head ache from my broken glasses    what an amazing nite    
"thinks a good man must be a myth kinda like big foot, he's heard the stories about them, others swear they exist, but he's never actually seen one "
"i know some of you would find it hard to believe, but i don't say everything that pops into my head   i don't think the average person could handle it "
its 4 surprise 4am and am just starting my paperwork    fuck!  i miss hawaii tb!!!!
wtf why is it raining!?!?! yea    fucking raining here     im cursed!
ok    are you fucking kidding me!?!?!?!!? i have been awake since 2 smile 0pm sunday and now im freaking exhausted as hell but do you think i can sleep    nooooooooooooooooooo     fml
anyone have ps3 and better yet anyone play black ops on ps3???  add meeeee!!! my s n is black_cobra_2012
wants to know why he is effectively invisible until someone needs something and amazingly he reappears 
"what does the titanic, hendinburg & <propfemale> have in common    "
tried to be normal for once    turned out to be the most terrifying five minutes of my life!
i don't have an anger problem  i have a stupid people problem 
"i 'liked' the mexican word of the day  it's funny  today's mexican word of the day is pasturize: yo vato, that bullet almost hit you  it went right pasturize"
"would like to point out that if i can't piss off at least one person a day, it isn't worth getting out of bed  gonna try for at least 4 today   wish me luck "
omg can u imagine if i had a twin? wait    why are you running away screaming?
"people are like a box of chocolates    some you regret ever trying, some are good, a few are great    and the nutty ones you keep around for a rainy day  lol"
just leaving work     yep at 3:45am    fml
ok so going to cook dinner tonight    hopefully it turns out good     smile 
is as bored as a midget in an amusement park!
is as bored as a gay man in a hot tub full of lesbians!
wow that was fun    $284 86 hour with only me on line making food and <propfemale> running drive and counter     hour from hell!
ok    so you know what would be nice    sleep    yea    still havnt slept    2 hours of sleep in the past 38 and counting    im tired as fuck but cant sleep to save me    thinking of going and getting some sleeping pills      this is bs!
"pregnancy advice: a stork might bring you a baby, but a swallow never will "
"if mothers have mothers day fathers have fathers day and lovers have valentines day, what do single men have? palm sunday   laugh "
ok     so should be heading home    but nooo <propfemale> flooded the store and we have to clean up about an inch of water    fml
"knows that if we are what we eat, then i'm fast, cheap, easy, and totally addicting!"
feeling nauseas and working with food     bad    very bad
todays e playful eriment    i just poured a bag of skittles in the toilet and flushed    it was like a ten second nascar race!
"has found the perfect dieting technique: eat in the nude & u will quickly loose your appetite! i'm banned from 5 area restaurants, but i've lost 10 lbs so far!"
"   i am not mean, i am just the kind of person that will tell you like it is-there is no point in sugar coating anything!"
"i wish i could get \poked\"" in real life as much as i get poked on here  i'd be one happy camper!!"""
ever wondered if ur mom kissed u good night after givin ur dad a blow job?    bet u r now lol
"why do people think i'm easily distrac ooh, shiny thing!  come back shiny thing!"
is on a roll today!! i've drank pepsi from a coke glass and walked in through an out door! why? because i'm a rebel like that and sticking it to tha man!!
i think i'm gonna bite the heads off of all those poor defenseless chocolate bunnies  muuuuuuuhahahahaha ~happy easter everyone~
go to google maps and click on get directions  write usa as your start point  write japan as your destination  go to the 29th and 45th points on your route and laugh!
"i thought as i got older i would learn wisdom and <propfemale>, but the only thing i have learned is that i just don't give a crap "
has come to the conclusion that froot-loops are just gay cheerios   smile 
"what did the priest say to the rabbi at the wedding?\ god i really wanna screw that kid    rabbis reply outta what???"
so tryin out this twitter thing     anyone else use it? lemme know if you do so can add ya
fucking hell the customers are on the rag today fucking been bitchy as hell all night   
i like throwing skittles at people and shouting taste the rainbow!! but it's more fun to throw tacos at people yelling think outside the bun!!
weeeeeeee going to be a good start to summer    <propmale> dunham may 19th then <propmale> mars june 4th fuck ya!
osama bin laden is dead!!! amazing what the americans can do when the playstation network is down     
well    this is fun    fml
should just beat his head continuously off the wall  it would go about as good as everything else is right now 
dear people of portland you do not have to drive slow just because it's raining also you do not have to have <propmale> just because the roads are wet for the love of god please learn to drive!!!!
fml
my friend told me that i was insensitive and i should see things from a woman's point of view  so i looked out the kitchen window 
attention fb users!!!!: please do not click!    again    do not click the verify my account spam!!!! its a damned f*cking virus!!!!
"welcome to the united states of america\press 1 for english  \press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  \press 3 to connect to immigration & deportation services "
if its not too much to ask; could all of you stay in your own dreams tonight? it got a little crowded last night with you all wandering around in mine!  wink 
is currently out of his mind at the moment   feel free to comment below and he will get back to to you asap 
joke just heard at work    why do women have legs?                  so they don't leave a snail trail     love work place humor!
playstation network is back up and running!!!! bout fucking damn time!!!
ok    so just finished watching castle     are you fucking kidding me    i have to wait till the end of september!?!?!?!  ugh!!!
have you ever had those days when nothing goes right?  well i'm having lots of them 
damn i love <propfemale> warm days!!!!  so many hot shirtless guys!
weeee got the apartment    now gotta think about starting to pack up    bleh   
"1st person to like my status - i'll chat with you everyday for one week \2nd person to like my status - i will give you my number \3rd person to like my status - i will write, \i love you","\"" on your wall \"f3413ed33b103e21ec1ef21bc1082dc2,t - 6 hours and 50 minutes till <propmale> dunham!!!
what a night    umm might leave the store by 4am
bored      
started work at 5:45pm monday    didnt get outta work till 7am this morning    fml    what a freakin night    best part??? i get to be back there tonight at 5:45pm omg    im sooo dead right now    and hurt    everywhere!    
fml fml fml!!!!
nothing quite like getting home and having the shit scared out of u as u walk thru the door    
"i'm not old, i'm 25 plus shipping and handling"
"i'm heading off to bed, gonna squeeze in as many inappropriate dreams as i can before my alarm interrupts"
who needs <propfirst> springer when u work at taco <propfemale>    had my food line and drivethru people yelling at eachother had to tell em to clock out and chill down during a huge rush    fml
i'm lonely   i got in an argument with the voices in my head today and we are no longer on speaking terms!  sad 
on the way to buffalo wild wings weeeee
bored      sad 
ugh bored    
weeee going to seaside today!  can't wait   
seaside fuckin rocked!!! got a sunburn and fucked up my ankle but still was sooo worth it!!  smile 
huh    shit bout to hit da fan!!!
i love how i get yelled at for things i had nothing to do with     just saying   
its bad when your friends ask you if you've had your first cup of coffee in the morning  even worse when you say no and they back away slowly  they must know!!!
"i hate it when you're texting while lying down and your phone decides to be a ninja, slips through your fingers, and attacks your face!"
stupid joke of the day: what is invisible and smells like bananas?
sleep is like sex    i don't get either one   
holy fuck      i finally got out of my rut!!!!  now just hope it goes well    
had an amazing night    hope it wasn't a one time thing  smile 
its odd how you can be surrounded by people yet still feel completely alone    
think i just made <propfemale> tinkle herself     bruhahahaah
"huh     who knew doing \laundry\"" could be so much fun     isn't that right <propfemale>?     """
had a nice relaxing day hanging out with the <propfirst> brothers    thanks guys had fun  smile 
"fact of life   after monday & tuesday, even the calendar says w t f !!"
      
fuck you you cunt faced twat i will kill u    
is trying to find a status that e playful lains how i feel right now  not having so much luck  annoyed  though i'm thinking it needs a lot of swear words
"remember: i watch <propmale>, castle, bones, criminal minds, csi, csi miami, and every single episode of ncis   you piss me off   i won't leave evidence "
if i came with a warning label    what would it say?   be honest and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you wink 
"you know that feeling when you arrive at work, excited for the new day; looking forward to new challenges? me neither    "
time to get a few zzzz's going to need extra energy for tonights shift     bruhahahaha   
"says: from all the drama, backstabbing, and tattling, sometimes i can't figure out if i'm in elementary school or middle school   oh wait, i'm at work "
2 1 2 hours left    thank god! !!
being broke sucks     fyi
"short staffed    check\crazy busy    check\15 minute orders    check\fight breaking out in the dinning room during all of this     priceless"
"i'm the type of person who pushes people away when i really need them the most! \when i get stressed, i say i'm okay but i really need to talk & a hug!"
friends are like a second family you make for yourself  friendship makes you feel at home though you're not at home 
"think   we have imaginary farms, cities and animals   it's ok to poke people and write on walls   facebook is a mental hospital and we are all patients!!!"
ok so i have been here in portland for 2 years bow but for some crazy reason i am way home sick for hawaii    weird   
"if you like me, like this  if you're my friend, comment  if you love me, then message me  if you hate me, stop reading my damn status and get a life!!!"
i'm bored so lets have everyone that looks at this status ( yes that means you ) comment and write the most random thing you can think of right now ok    go!
someone please just shoot me now     pretty sure getting shot hurts less    
huh    the joys of roommates    sitting in the living room when they run naked out if the bathroom cuz they forgot to take any clothes with them      damnit would be a great e playful erience if i had male roommates      just saying 
i'm bored    i'm bored    i'm bored with a capital b o r e d ! i said i'm freggen bored!! omg i'm so bored!    kill me now! i'm bored oh look a coloring book  smile 
omg     work is so much fun    im soooo glad i get to close again             
if you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
"the best part of moving      i can't find a damn thing! !!! ! oh and i had less than 3 hours of sleep moved all day, my back is fucking killing me      and     i have to work 5 till 3 and then get up early again to go clean up other place    fml"
wow girls really are size queens    both <propfemale> and <propfemale> keep bitching that mine is bigger than theirs       smile 
omg im bored
holy sweaty ball sacks its hot!
alert! wtf moment of the day:                                                                      so i just went outside on our balcony for a smoke and the people that live next to us   yea i was sittin there and i heard a bitch moaning and panting and i was like wtf    so i looked around and yea they are out on their balcony with her leaning over the rail gettin railed    lol wtf lol i have see the guys that live there dunno which one it is but they are both hot wish i could see him lol  smile 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored
"you're at a strip club    use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile! do not cheat\\the pole dancer: <propfirst> lavaque\bartender: <propfemale> ormsby\person who tries to get you drunk: <propmale> madison\your wing man woman: jory agitate\hottest person in the room: <propmale> medina\drunk person in the corner: kaliko castille\person that gets arrested: <propmale> <propfirst> b"
the fact that it is cooler outside than it is inside at work sucks balls! !! i sweat less in a sauna!
don't have a day off till next week sunday    go <propmale> u are an amazing person      
<propfirst> holding a twizzler stick shaking it at <propfemale>    come on just taste my twizzler it taste good     
ugh    
bored bored bored       yep    still bored    ugh someone chat wit me   
bored      sad  watched some netflix    surfed the net    read thru the last few days of posts on fb     checked emails played a couple of stupid games on bored com and now    i am just bored     sad  sad day
hmm got dinner cooking    a bottle of <propfirst> and tanqueray and am at home alone and bored    well shit this sucks    
"when i'm quiet, strangers look at me and think i'm shy  people who know me think: omg! he's thinking! everybody run!"
"why do i have to go to work again? oh yeah, to pay for all those people on welfare who don't want to work  silly me, how could i forget?"
<propfemale> grabbed my package! thanks for that    if u hadnt i would have when i got home    
"you get pulled over     use the first 7 people in your friends list to be the person annoyed the sexy cop - <propmale> gushiken\in the front seat hiding your liquor -<propfirst> f  ringo\in the back seat singing with just a bra on -<propmale> madison\jumping out of the car and running - <propmale> <propfirst> b\crying in handcuffs - kawika bergau\talking to the other cop trying to get you out of trouble- <propfemale> slatosch\waving and laughing as they drive by- <propfemale> ormsby"
