040ae175ac29f9609874818c860b50da
getting ready for work   oh look   here comes the sun 
is out adventuring all over the east coast   curious what life will be like when i get home 
is working from home   looking forward to the gwar lamb of god show tomorrow night at the village
is staying in <propmale> til my apartment is ready   getting horribly impatient   cant wait to move to the city    smile 
finally found a place in <propmale>   now i just gotta get the rest of my stuff moved   so relieved!!
is chillin at the house tonight   finally gonna move some of my stuff tomorrow   so excited to sleep in my bed again
"is in lakewood, ohio working with the mwf (micro wrestling federation) got a show tonight and finally a few days off "
"is currently in hartford, conneticut   goin back to do an extra show on our day off "
"is now in chesapeake, <propfemale>   headed to wilmington, north <propfemale> tomorrow for our last show before the holiday season "
"is again on the road headed to wilmington, north <propfemale>   tonight is our last show of this tour   then headed home for the holidays "
is flyin back to little rock tomorrow afternoon   i cant wait to sleep in my own bed again 
home sweet home   thrilled to be back at home    hitting the gym daily     and getting things back in order 
is with my family around the christmas tree   so happy to get the opportunity to spend the holiday with those i love 
is at the house   trying to stay sane   gonna get lots of cleaning done today thats for sure    smile 
wondering why im always the one at home alone   no one calls unless they need something   never to just spend some time 
just got back from the gym   feeling refreshed and trying to figure out what to do tomorrow night 
got my call yesterday   looks like im goin back out on the road with my midgets in about a weeks time 
packin for the road   leaving the rock in the morning for three months   miss me!!
"im currently in <propfemale>, minisota   sick as hell and freezing my butt off   i am looking forward to my few days off    smile "
"feelin productive today   got a ton done on my first day off this tour   headed to iowa next, should be fun "
"i made it to des moines, iowa safe and sound   our hotel looks like the one from the shinning   im waiting to see the twins come around the corner   lol"
"getting ready for our show tonight in mankato, minnisota   its freezin up here, cant wait to get back down south   never thought id say that   lol"
"is on my way to atlanta   busy daydreamin bout my old man, wishin i was with him "
getting ready for our show tonight in <propfemale>
"on the road again   headed to <propmale>, florida   so excited to be closer to the equator   i love warm weather   smile "
"is getting to enjoy some much needed time off in <propmale>, florida "
im single again   back on the prowl   waiting for a new door to open now that one has closed    sad   but im a survivor i will be fine 
"is in pensacola enjoying the fresh ocean air   did a lot of walking today, checkin out downtown   got a show tomorrow night, so amped!!"
"ive made it to midland, texas   got a show tonight and back on the road again tomorrow   i am starting to hate that <propfirst>  lol"
is glad to be back in california   i have needed the warm sunshine to clear up my cloudy days 
"had a blast last night in <propfemale> <propfemale>, california   got to <propfemale> out with two sweet ass bands and had the best turn out this tour   cant wait to go back "
"on my way to bolder, colorado   wishing i was still in las vegas, had a great time and didnt lose any money   go me!!"
"im in <propmale>, colorado for the night   micro was supposed to have a show but the venue canceled at the last minute   guess we are goin out on the town   gonna do it big    midget style "
"in north platte, nebraska   gonna go party at the touchdown club this evening   if you are around, join the midgets    smile "
im less than a week away from goin home to st louis   i am so happy i am having problems sleepin at night   too busy thinkin bout all the people and places i wanna see and go 
last show tonight   got a cute new outfit for the show and goin home to st  <propfirst> tomorrow   can life get any better?
"home sweet home   back in st louis and couldnt be happier about it   had a great time last night, gonna have even more fun tonight   get at me!!"
"lovin life, and having a blast   you never know how much you miss a place til you get a brief vacation to come back   lol  lovin st  <propfirst> !!!"
"tattooes and tacos   can a day get any better?!  got vodka and american idol later   smile   im such a nerd   oh well, i love me!!"
"last night in st louis  sad  im goin straight party child tonight   but look out little rock, cause i will be back in your streets tomorrow night   tearin up the town   wink "
"im home in little rock   finally able to move again after my way to awesome home coming party   oh what a night, oh what a night "
"what a beautiful day   i think i will take a stroll   gotta finish cleanin house before my sexy cop boy gets here in the morning   i wanna be able to relax, cant til its all clean "
ready to get out and about   its too nice of a day to go wasting this sunshine   im all smiles today    smile   smile    smile 
"have been spending the week with my amazing man   i have been floating on cloud nine for days, so if you need to reach me feel free to leave a message   lol"
"feeling much better today   i got my apartment packed and in storage, all i need to do is make one more trip to cabot and i will be all ready to go back to tour "
"just got home from visiting my mother in missouri   got engaged this weekend to the best man in the world, and i couldnt be happier "
just bought the most beautiful 2002 mitsubishi eclipse   so it doesnt look like im going back on tour   gonna stay home and try and find something here in arkansas 
"looking into school, going to try and get some grants so i can be a full time student and focus entirely on my school work   i love my fiance'!!"
got my appointment with the hot springs beauty college set up   one step in the right direction   think i may go do some grocery shopping today   i love being home with my other half 
spent some time washing my lovely new car today with my boy   we had a fun little water fight and got slushies    smile   so happy the weather is warm again 
"going to my appointment at the beauty college tomorrow   in the mean time im back to cooking dinners, laundry, and cleaning house   i love taking care of my future husband "
"nice mowed lawn to go with a beautiful back porch   im loving my new home, i couldnt be happier   just waiting on the rain now!!"
"ambien, oh ambien    the sleep is so nice but the dreams are getting more weird and intense every night   thank god i have this coffee in hand to keep me awake!!"
"got a call from school today   i got aprroved for the full pell <propmale> available   i will be starting school may 4th and paying less than $4,000 total   and i did it all by myself!! go me   smile "
"got married yesterday!  thanks to everyone who celebrated with us   i couldnt be happier!!  also finished enrolling in college, i start may 4th   now i just have to go run around town updating all my information with the name change"
"made a nice dinner for my husband last night,  i love takin care of my sexy cop!!  gotta make sure hes taken care of so he can serve and protect    smile "
just finished cleaning out all of my friends lists and deleting some of the toxicity that i no longer need in my life   glad to be free!!
trying to make plans for my last free weekend before i start school on tuesday   if you have any good ideas hit me up!
"goin, goin, ready for sleep   got class in the morning and im beat   i just have to finish getting things ready for the morning "
"no school for the weekend   now i just have to find something to do   cant drink anymore, it brings on my seizures   midget sad face   sad "
so sick   wish it would just go away so i can get back to school and out of this bed 
got first place in the up-do contest at school today   im so proud of myself and convinced that this is what im meant to do with my life    headed out to the gallery walk with my husband this evening    smile 
"gotta finish my homework today   headed back to class in the morning, i wonder what this week has in store???"
"taking my american idol break    then back to my study guide   got my first test tomorrow morning, feeling good about it though   glad i have a good man to help me study!!"
"going to a bonfire tonight with some of my girlfriends from school   im so pumped    and totally ready for this weekend   discovery in little rock tomorrow, get at me if you wanna go or meet up!!"
"have been enjoying a nice quiet weekend with my husband at home   been floating around the pool and playing catch in the back yard    smile   should be getting my new phone tomorrow, ill update with the new number !!"
"finishing up some homework while daddy is at work   goin shoppin once he gets home, think ill play with my new phone in the meantime    smile "
"started bleaching our manniquins today   they look interesting to say the least   oh well, american idol time!!"
"not doing a whole lot this weekend    steve is workin and i have no plans    sad   oh well i can listen to all the boats on the lake in front of the house   may go to a bday party tonight, not sure yet "
"my wonderful man should be home from work soon, then i think we are heading back out to the pool   happy memorial day!!"
"exhausted after a long week of school   glad to be done and headed to the gallery walk with my hot ass husband   may hit the bars to night, if you wanna join hit me up!!"
"cant complain    another enjoyable weekend   went out one night, did some swimming yesterday, and grilled this evening   sometimes life is just good!!"
"so glad the school week is over!  im so tired of full grown adults and there temper tantrums, and high school drama    if you dont want to be there, quit and save the rest of us your headaches   goin out and forgetting the bs, time to relax "
spent some time with my step dad this evening   he drove up and i got to cook dinner for the whole family   was kinda nice catching up   back to school tomorrow    but got new meds so maybe i will be able to handle it   keep your fingers crossed for me   mwah!!
"draggin my feet a bit today with the new meds, but i was a lot calmer than usual   im thrilled for that   cant wait for tomorrow, doin a new dye job to my hair   love my girl <propfemale>!!"
"had a nice quiet weekend with the hubby   went out, stayed in, enjoyed the pool, bout to grub some mexican food and get ready for the week "
had a long day   school all day and then drove to little rock for more class   i am thrilled to be in bed watchin tv    smile 
"had a busy day, lots of mani pedi's and an awesome scene kid cut   grabbed some dinner and spent some time talking to the ex about visitation   imso excited to have my turkey back in my life "
"finally got my things out of storage in <propmale>   redid the bedroom today and i must say it is quite welcoming, i forsee myself spending even more time in here than before "
"after my husbands stint in the hospital i have been home trying to get everyones mental health back on track   headed back to school tomorrow, gotta get away from the insanity for a bit "
and dont forget next saturday july 10th is my birthday 
party will be held at maxines downtown hotsprings   if you are interested in more details let me know   xoxo
happy 4th of july   i have spent my independance day relaxing in bed with my husband watchin movies free of any work or stress 
getting ready for this week of school    really excited about my upcoming birthday this weekend 
home from school and wondering what my husband got me for my birthday    i know my gifts are hidden in this house somewhere   lol   last thing to take care of is my hair for the big night   got the outfit all planned   im so excited three more days    
got my hair all fixed up and colored for the birthday party saturday   all i have left is to get my nails done tomorrow after school and im ready!!  so excited i cant wait 
"wanted to say thank you to everyone for there birthday well wishes, it really means a lot!!  yesterday ended up getting ruined by multiple seizures, going to the doctor tomorrow "
"still not recovered from my birthday seizures, went to the doctors yesterday and they are sending me to another set of doctors for more testing tomorrow   i hate it!!"
went in for an mri and an eeg this afternoon   hopefully the doctors will figure out whats going on with my head ao i dont have to worry about this happening again anytime soon    oh well off to school tomorrow 
"so i am going back to my family doctor again tomorrow morning and then he is having me admitted to the hospital   i have so much to look forward too, atleast i have my loving husband by my side "
"just got home from the hospital   so glad to be back in my own bed again, and not getting woken up every two hours to be poked and proded "
"on a leave of absence from school til i get used to the new medications   im hoping i get used to them quickly, i would love nothing more than to get back on track at school "
"thankful for this time off to get my health back on track, and for this sexy man i have taking care of me   dont know what i would do without him "
"heading of to my neurologists office tomorrow morning, hoping to get the red flag to go back to school "
"just got back from missouri   had to go visit my family, spent a ton of time with my sister and took naps just about every time little <propfirst> did   this medication is kickin my butt!!"
"headed to little rock tomorrow night, my hubby surprised me with deftones tickets   really excited!!  been a huge fan for years and it will be awesome to finally get to see them live "
heading off to bed   got another doctors appointment tomorrow afternoon and then back to school bright and early tuesday morning 
"back from the blood sucking doctors   surprise, surprise im still alive   going to school tomorrow and then i get to look forward to more doctors appointments coming in september "
"just got done with my first day back at school   feeling a bit better about the whole situation, not as much anxiety   tomorrow will be even better im sure "
what a long day   glad to be sittin in bed with my <propfemale> not doing a thing 
"gonna go hit a shower, then i think im gonna grab the camera and my baby tinkerbell and go get some shots of downtown   let her get out of the house for a little while    smile "
"back to school tomorrow morning   they hubby is back at work today, so i guess i need to find something to do with all this extra time   guess i will work on my sculpture "
"being back at beauty school reminds me why i dont have girls as friends   oh well, i am a big girl, i will take them with a grain of salt, and just focus on making sure that i am the best at what i do!"
"thanks to the rain today we had nothing but time on our hands to get to know one another at school   may have found girls i could <propfemale> out with in my free time   oh yeah, another 100% on my test!!  go me   smile "
"only a half day of school left then im free for the weekend   im so ready to be done for the week, my feet are killing me    smile "
"so glad to be done with school for the week    smile   smile   looking forward to going out with a few girls from school tonight, it should be a good time "
"thank god its sunday!!  football, football, football   i know one little girl who couldnt be happier "
back to school in the morning   hoping i can get my extensions sewn in this week   love playing with new looks 
"so glad to be at home in my quiet sanctuary!! finally im away from the adult children that i am surrounded by all day   i don't think i have the patients for it, my irritation level grows higher daily    breath in, breath out, woo-saw   hoping for a better day tomorrow "
"one day left of school for the week, and thank goodness cause there seems to be more and more drama everyday!"
"free at last, free at last, sweet lord almighty im free at last   school is done for the week,  and i needed the break   i am about to lose it mentally   try and help friends and get shit on in return   f*ck people!!  yea!! for football "
"if you cant handle real life, go cry to your mommy   the world is not a nice place "
"just relaxing, enjoying my time off school   the best part is the football    smile   smile "
"dealing with baby daddy drama, and just wanting to relax after a long day at school   im so ready for the weekend   i need some me time!!"
"one more day of school for the week   so glad, way to much stress on my shoulders this week   ready to hide away in my home!!"
home sweet home   couldnt be happier that the school week has come to its end    smile   smile   now what to do with all this free time??
"think i may get out of the house for a bit today, maybe go take some pictures with my awesome new camera   then back to my <propmale>    smile  smile  smile   i love robots"
"another week of school   started off great, hope it stays that way   glad to be home with my old man for the night "
"loving my new nikon d5000, cant seem to keep it out of my hands   so excited that christmas came early,  thanks mom!!"
oh what to do with this little bit of free time??  one more day of school for the week then      freedom!!
"really looking forward to going to visit my mom in a few weeks, the bonus is i get to visit with my cousin and my favorite aunt   i need the time with my family to build my strength up for the upcoming custody battle "
"got another 100% on my test today, guess i will add that to the collection   lol   finished decorating the yard for halloween, cant wait to see the lights when it gets dark tonight "
turning over a new more positive leaf   so tired of being angry!!  i just want to smile and laugh again   today is day one of this new life     
"finally home from school, and officially free for the rest of the weekend   now     what to do with this free time?"
"had a long day with my hair, and it didnt even come out close to how i wanted it   gotta love beauty school   oh well, we will try again tomorrow    i have a feeling it will turn out this time    smile    smile    smile "
"learned a valuable lesson today at school, never let them color your hair at hot springs beauty college   if you want something done right, do it yourself!!"
"its friday and i wanna hit the town tonight, now the question is     will i have the energy once the time comes?"
starting to get way to stressed about the upcoming court hearing with the ex-husband   with every piece of mail received i seem to just get more and more angry   i wonder more and more what i ever saw in him 
been sick as a dog   finally got my antibiotics so hopefully it will take care of the problem 
"one more day of school, then the dreaded court date with the vindictive ex husband   gotta love a good custody battle   wish me luck!!"
"stress, stress, and more stress   i get to wake up bright and early to drive to little rock and battle the ex   i am just hoping for the best   i miss my son so much!!"
had <propmale> for the weekend   our time together was great!!  been trying to work out a visitation schedule for when they move to california in decemeber    instead it looks like im going back to court to fight for full custody!!
dunno if its stress or just being emotionally drained    i woke up today sick as a dog with a splitting headache and no energy at all   i wish i could just get things on good terms with my ex   i want my son in my life and dont understand what is so wrong with that 
"sitting at home, crazy bored cause my lover is busy working patrol all weekend   dunno what to do to pass the time, maybe ill go shopping?!"
hasnt felt this alone in a long time!!
thank goodness for our children!!  im gonna end up losing another 5lbs  this weekend thanks to the 4th birthday bike   atleast he sleeps good    smile   smile   smile 
oh how i wish life were easier   i want my smile back!!
decided to just chop all my hair off today   thanks bunches <propfemale>   damn im rockin this shit!!
"damn i hate going to court   if its not one thing its another   oh well, least im gonna look shit hot   dont worry ill post pics  lol   mwah!!"
"some good, some bad, but always interesting   the life of <propfemale> <propfemale> "
oh what a night 
"why try, when it never gets any better "
"so glad to have part of my life back on track   working on my new years resolutions  already, go me!!"
"already home from my trip to missouri   gotta love the holidays, nothing but family drama   glad to be home with my two favorite boys "
"been a busy <propfemale> today!!   banana bread, 24 red and green cupcakes, laundry, and christmas cards   go me "
back to the daily grind   feeling better and working on this new positive attitude   its really hard to break the habit of being a complete a**hole 
"are you hungry?\are you sick?\are you begging for a break?\                                                              -we suck young blood, radiohead"
lost in my head   leave a message and ill get back to you 
so happy to find out one of my besties is having a girl   yea!!  sweet baby <propfemale>   i cant wait 
"you ought to know what brings me here\you glide through my head blind to fear and i know why\      *311 -<propfemale>*"
"and again i cannot sleep, two nights in a row   thank goodness i only have one more half day of school "
"i just want my <propfemale> home!  12 hour shifts are kicking my ass, and it never fails something always happens right before his shift is supposed to end  no i dont know when he will be home   sad "
"on holiday break, too bad it doesnt feel like a vacation "
"kinda bummed   to much overcast last night to see the lunar eclipse   oh well, going to see christmas lights tomorrow night, they always make me smile "
<propfemale> christmas eve     as i sit home alone   wish i was with the family and friends that i love and miss so dearly 
"so ready to get back to the everyday hum drum   the holidays were nice, ready to start my new year "
so sick and tired of being sick and tired 
hoping to sleep well tonight   i wanna go to school tomorrow   keep your fingers crossed that im finally well enough to function 
cant wait to watch the big o whoop some hog ass tonight   go buckeyes!!
"mexican food, my hot husband, and hockey!  what more can a girl ask for?!"
looking forward to lucero at maxines tomorrow night!!
one word    lucero!!  so cant wait for tonight 
ended up having a nice quiet weekend with my husband   i really value my time at home with him   he is my reason for breathing 
"glad to be done with school for the day   new motivation for goin     the more i go, the sooner i can get away from all the dumb bitches that surround me everyday "
"home alone, my mind races, what to do with all this time "
"sitting at home watching my cop shows, wish my <propfemale> was here with me   so ready for him to be done with work for the weekend "
"i have decided to adopt my husbands new outlook on life    i will no longer let ignorant people or stupid situations affect my day   i am happy with who i am as a person, have a great man whom loves me, and have friends who will always be close to my heart   so fuck all the rest you bitches!  out "
"talk your shit, talk your shit, talk your shit     i am above you "
"day two of this new optimistic mindset    must say, life is good "
"looking forward to a night out on the town with my hot ass husband   stop by hawgs and check out my girl <propfemale>, her and her band will be performing up there around 830 tonight "
"been busy enjoying some serious me time, nose in a book!!"
have enjoyed a nice relaxing day on the couch!!
"it would figure   off of school since wednesday due to snow, and they want us to come in for a half day on saturday?!  wtf?  why not just call it a week and start over fresh on tuesday morning?"
"thinking about having a few shots, i need a mental break from this house "
faceoff in hockeytown!  oh yeah   go redwings!!!
happy valentines day!   love   love   love 
"the girls at school have been so shocked by my positive and upbeat attitude recently, one actually asked me if i had run over a small child "
so its official   rupaul is sexy in and out of drag!  oh how i love rupauls dragrace 
so glad to be done with school for the week   i have worked harder this week than i think any other since i have been at hsbc   cant wait to hit the town and forget all about it!!
rockin it out   taking life day by day 
so focused right now!!  im getting rid of my vices and working on strengthening my already awesome relationship with my husband   not to mention   making sure the owner of the beauty school doesnt get any more of my money!!
so glad i dont have theory tomorrow!  my school week is almost over!!  really looking forward to a quiet weekend with my <propfemale> 
enjoying my boys birthday weekend with him    cant wait to reveal all the top secret stuff ive been working on   happy birthday <propmale>!!
"ah, what to do with all this free time?  all i know is    i wanna shop "
"i swear with my stories and my luck, i could have my own television show for all those socially and intellectually retarded people starved for their daily dose of drama     lmao    its sad really  annoyed "
"mentally, physically, and emotionally drained!  oh how i wish to just be numb "
"as i sit in silent reflection, i get a rush of emotions   i am so in love with my husband!  i couldnt be happier being mrs  kostelic "
had a nice weekend   got to visit with friends and play beauty shop!!
"had a wonderful day at school   starting to truly believe i may just be a natural, i was born with a gift "
"been a stressful day     moms back in the hospital!!  i wanna go see her so bad, but she doesnt want any company   you wonder where i get my stubbornness!!  lol"
trying to find my inner sweetheart    i know shes in there somewhere 
guess im gonna go cut grass    hope i can see over the handle   ha ha gotta love midgets 
