95d8c9f4565eb3d6ad1b80e580b4b295
at a family gathering with my cousin
first day of summer school   
is going to summer school   
"finally thursday, a week closer until i'm done"
studying for history exam
keegan!!!!!
is about to head off to class
"no school tomorrow, feels good =p"
1 more week until summer school over!
is watching anime =p
finally back on summer break no more summer school!!!
cousin is visiting for the weekend
first day at school was interesting
"english 1a was interesting, a lot of freshmen in my class"
oh man one more day until our trip to <propfirst> cal
woot! oh ya finally 19 years old
blizzcon!!!!! finally at cousin place!!!
back in school again after my trip to blizzcon 09     
is finally home from long day of school
"got to go to the shooting range this weekend, it was fun did pretty good"
man i'm very bored with chem reading right now
is hungry right now and want food!!
cousin over at my place for the weekend
is doing homework on labor day  sad 
"chem lab felt very long today, just got out, tired    "
went to mall with cousin
studying for chem test!!!
finally thursday
is study for chem and food & nutrition
gotta take little brother to school       tired    zzzz
is writing an english essay     almost done  smile 
finally thursday!
studying for food and nutrient exam for tomorrow
studying for chem exam coming up soon
alright new anime season are out woot
tired from all that studying    
hmmmm    finally thursday    this week went back so fast
going to play some tennis with cousin
studying for chem exam
is still studying for chem exam      
finally done with studying for today  woot
woot no english class today!
is going to movies
had long day helping out my church viet culture event
law abiding citizen was a great movie!
"man today was long, time for some chem studying     it never ends   school"
saw the new starcraft 2 battle report #4 awesome!
bored   
tired from practice the steps for culture night coming up
studying for chem exam
finally done with studying for tonight   it was long
is watching anime until his next class at 1
chem lab today felt so long     so glad it finally done
you know i really want to play some starcraft today! for some reason lol
another day of study for exams    this time its food and nutrition
studying for food and nutrition exam
modeling practice for the upcoming vietnamese culture event was long and tiring    
studying for food and nutrition
"1 exam down, 1 more exam and a essay to go"
ok time for more chem studying
finally done with lab and chem exam!
alright almost done for the week
finally can relax    done with all those exam and that essay!
"the vietnamese culture event was a blast, tired from all the performance"
"doesn't feel like going to chem class today, but i have to      "
class starting again after a good 5 days of no school
"man, can not believe i got up this morning without a problem, must be back in school mode after this long break"
"woke up later for chem class, made it to class with 1 minute to spare   man what a crazy morning"
having early pre-family gathering for thankgiving
going to be a busy week
"almost done with classes for the week, just chem lab than i am done"
"oh man so much to do tonight, got to get everything done!"
back from go-karting and movies   it was fun now time to get ready for a long drive to la
oh man so tired finally back from la and now in <propfemale> <propfemale>
"so much to study for chem exam wednesday, i am so stress    "
"time for some studying      the phu was great, i am charged now!"
time to head off to english class
time for an all nighter for chem exam
oh man the chem exam was a killer    
"finally the week is over, time to relax for a bit now"
two more weeks until winter break
last night of relaxing than tomorrrow massive studying for upcoming finals
so much info to remeber      
need to focus on my final studies
"studying for chem final, what a great way to spend my saturday -_-"
oh man last day to study for my chem final     o o
"finally done with chem 60! woot! i totally ace that final, oh ya!"
feels good with no more finals
time for christmas shoppping
chilling with my cousin
feels good that i have no school
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"a new year is coming up soon, this year has gone by so fast, it hasn't felt like a year has past"
got to meet a family of mines that is here in <propfemale> to go to school
"school starting once again, i guess i must get ready for school monday"
"been playing borderlands for the past week, good game but man it was too short ><"
so glad there no school tomorrow  smile 
so tired from studying all day        time to go home!
studying for psych exam      tired -_-
still at school      in the library studying for my psych exam still    must focus!!
studying for physio exam coming up this week
"what the     it was just <propfemale> this morning and afternoon, and now its raining    "
woot!!! finally starcraft 2 beta is coming soon this month!!!
the vietnamese new year culture event was fun        help with the games  smile 
the day has finally come for me to step on the field of space and fight of these evil aliens!
starcraft 2 beta is finally here woot!  >< when will they e-mail me for my <propmale> to play the beta        come on!  for the terran empire!!
"i so want to play starcraft 2 beta right now but can't, i have class and a lab after          why!!!"
"alright done with psych exam studying, now on to physio"
studying for the physio quiz tomorrow        
feel so much more relax after the physio quiz  smile 
"doing homework now, lets get things done!"
long day of studying for upcoming exams
so tired    been at school since 8am  now its 9pm wow   man i'm tired  but i got some good studying done
writing my psych paper     5 pages so far      
"paper finally done, time for some history studying!"
i'm cold      
so tired              -_-  zzzzzzzzzzzzz
finally done with exams!!!
i am so not tired after my 11 hours sleep o o
"feels good to have a break from school, after a crazy 2 weeks of studying!"
time to get some homework done today
nice got another beta key woot!
"just saw repo men, it was very interesting, had so good laughs"
"off to family gathering of the day my grandfather died, time to pay some respects for once that has pass on to the after life"
back to school again      not in the school mode yet     
long day of school
"had a good day, got to <propfemale> out with friend  smile "
time finish up my research paper!!!
studying for physio quiz tomorrow       focus!!
almost time for my psych exam       i'm ready let get it over with  smile 
"so i got killing floor over the weekend, now i'm getting bored of kill zombie monster-humanoids, so much death       so far in the death of 1,000s       oh well   hehe"
"its a monday once again, this week going to be a long one         "
"whats up with this weather, first it was raining, then it <propfemale>, and now it rainy again       "
"finally done with <propmale> exam, feeling so much better getting it over with"
studying for psych exam
"heading out for tennis class, look like a nice day to play"
getting ready to go to a wedding
"finally done with todays exam, woot!"
"man, having such a bad headache       "
so awesome that starcraft 2 is releasing in stores july 27!!!!
"worst day ever in long time, massive headache from tired eyes from too much reading            had stuff i wanted to do today too dam ><"
just finish seeing all of season 1 of bones!
saw iron man 2 last night it was awesome!!
happy mother's day!
"had a productive day today, got some good studying done today, feeling good "
"that nap felt good, time to get back to studying"
got in a car accident last night         dam those deers!!!!
studying for finals this week       focus   
"alright one exam down, two more to go"
"woot! my injuries on my left hand is healing nicely, come on be good for tennis final friday!"
"blizzcon 2010 tickets on \sale june 2 and june 5! woot!"
"finally done with 2nd exam, one more to go than i'm free"
finally done with all my exam woot!!
so far this week my summer break has been boring    
feel so proud i'm my little brother from graduationg from middle school and his epic speech he presented 
"got my new car yesterday, its pretty awesome, finally i'll be able to drive again"
oh man blizzcon tickets go on sale tomorrow at 7pm
"damit, failed on getting the blizzcon ticket today, hopefully can get some on the 5th "
"in <propmale>, got to <propfemale> with keegan, been a good for me "
finally got back from <propmale>
"time to run some errand for parents, going to be a busy day "
last day until summer school class starts 
back to school once again for the summer 
"just got out of class, first day of political science wasn't so bad"
"today was a warm day, fell asleep reading          "
"man didn't get any sleep last night, i'm going to be so tired today "
first week of summer school finally over
"omg, new ds 3d, all i have to say is wow!!  man tech is advancing in gaming are doing well, now i want a virtual mmorpg that feel like you are really there, you think it does it, like a dream of amazing reality   when that tech comes i'll be a happy person "
"today is my brother confirmation to the church, i am now his brother a go-father, lol "
"family confirmation party was great fun, got to see family that i haven't seen in long time "
"nice! new blizzard battle net real id engine is finally up and running for all feature blizzard games   cross realm and game chat, awesome!"
studying for my first exam of the summer 
"feels good, my first exam is finally over "
writing my research paper for my political science class 
"feels good that i'm finally done with my research paper, now just got to get the teacher to review my paper, that i'm all set  smile "
"woot, finally the final copy of my research paper is done!"
"saw the avater the last airbender last night at midnight in 3d, was so disappointed     "
get to see family that i haven't seen in sometime it is going to be awesome 
"so tired from the congrats party for cousin       dam headache, time for sleep  smile "
time for a family party on july 4th 
"family bbq and watched fireworks at night with family, it was great lots of fun   tired now need to sleep "
time to catch up on homework 
"been feeling tired these last few days, can't wait until weekend starts to get more sleep "
feel so much better with enough sleep last night  smile 
alright time to get some homework done today 
"finally got done with my midterm, feels so much better now "
"1 more week of summer school, almost oh ya!"
"had a good day, got to <propfemale> out with friends all day, that i haven't got to <propfemale> for so long "
"studying for final, almost done with summer class, must focus "
dam    starcraft 2 beta is final over    
one more day until i'm done with summer classes!
"felt good that i don't have summer classes anymore, 3 weeks off until fall semester, got two make the best of it until then "
had a awesome day at the vietnamese community event   so tired now     catcher the flag was great!
"starcraft 2 release tonight, at 12 surprise 0am, its going to be so awesome, its going to be zerg and protess hunting time!!!"
"downloading starcraft 2 right now, almost there until combat!!"
"had good day, got to <propfemale> with friends that i haven't <propfemale> out in so long "
"went airsofting with friends it was so much fun since i last played like 2 years ago, sucks that my gun broke though        "
"school tomorrow, man this summer really went by so quickly      "
"oh man haven't woken this early in so long, so not use to it yet    "
"first day in micro 5 wasn't so bad, time really flew by for me today "
"having my first quiz for this fall semester, should be easy, study enough for it "
thank you to everyone that wish me a happy birthday!!!
"had a great time hanging out with my cousin <propfirst> in sf, that came up here from <propfirst> cal!!"
time to do some homework now       going to be long day 
"another week of school, feels like it going to be a long week     "
its so hot today once again     
so glad i'm at school in the liberary with ac on!
doing homework on a saturday       oh man so much fun    
"got my first speech today for speech class, i can do it!!! so ready!!"
"done with my first micro exam this semester, it wasn't so bad but i'm so tired and lazy now though       "
time to study for my micro exam again     
omg been studying all day      need a break now 
"finally finish my lecture exam for micro 5, so tired now but got an 86% on my lab exam, so lets keep this high grade exam score train going!!"
"just figure out that my micro exams are on a curve grading, have a a- now  smile "
"omg was so ready when power went out, come you zombies you will die!!!"
last minute review before my lab exam for micro lets do it!!!!
1 more week until blizzcon 2010!!!!
"at school on a saturday studying, feels so weird being at school on the weekend "
got to finish all these essays and go super crazy on studying before going to blizzcon 2010!!!  it be so worth it when thursday come!
"please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor achoice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure, but for acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make    this your status for at least one hour?"
bizzcon 2010!!!!!!  nuclear launch detected!!!
"first day of blizzcon 2010 done, can't wait until i get back there again!"
blizzcon 2010 was awesome had a lot of fun with friends!  but now i'm back and need to study now for exam tomorrow 
"so i got to say diablo 3 is awesome, loving the pvp aspect of the game  smile    also the new blizzard made starcraft 2 dota is also amazing!!"
finally done with my micro exam man i'm mentally tired now 
"here at school on a saturday again     must study, focus!!!"
"another day at school, on a saturday studying for midterm "
"can't wait for this day to end, no school tomorrow woot!!"
studying for midterm at school like a good student  smile 
finally done with my micro midterm so glad that it is finally over!!
omg finally done with my disease report woot!!!!
time to go crazy on all the homework that needs to be done before final's week!!
"wow e playful ansion in 1 hour and 27 minute!!! going to be so awesome, lets get ready to stealth my way to victory as a <propmale> at lvl 85!!"
"bah, i'm tired from that midnight launch for wow e playful ansion with friends, well at least i'm lvl 81 now, 4 more lvls to go, going to be a long day today    "
"man this year is going by so fast, have only 1 more day after this 1 then i'm finally done with normal classes, then on to the finals "
i wish everyone good luck with there finals this week!  lets finish this semester with a bang!!
"hi everyone from from the country of taiwan, man the 14 hour trip to sf to here was a killer    "
woot!!! in vietnam now! it is so fun seeing family i haven't seen in so long!  only day 2 of my trip too!
"day 7, so far everything is going awesome, met with some very lovely girls on my trip so far   life is good right now, i wish everyone a <propfemale> christmas!!!!  hope all my friends that are still in the usa are missing me =p"
"so i just met my most favorite relative in vietnam, hes own a internet pc business, free usage of the computer and internet!"
"woot!  coming back to <propfemale>!  at taiwan airport now, see everyone soon also with photos of my trip  smile "
"feels good to have some sleep after coming back to <propfemale>, still have to got use to the timezone change     "
first day of the spring semester    going to be a busy semester too 
"almost time for my anat 1 class, going to be a interesting day "
"played magic with bro's, it was awesome, dam you <propmale>, -_-"
got second place at the magic pre-release tournment today  smile 
third week of school and i already got two exam already      oh well i'll just have to ace them all 
so tired from all that studying    time to go to bed and ace my anatomy exam the next day!!
happy vietnamese chinese new year everyone!!!!!
feeling so lazy today    still have a three hour lab too   
"blizzcon 2011 has been an announce, oct 21-22!!!!!"
"almost time for my <propmale> 11 exam, lets do this i'm ready!  smile "
"studying for class, 62 pages down     44 more pages to go!"
"feeling so tired today, but i must get some homework done today     "
its studying time!! lets get this done so i can play some league of legends with bros
"just finish with my <propmale> 8 midterm, ace that test!!"
"writing up my essay for <propmale> 11 class, have to write about a asian disicpline so i'm writing it on my judo class, oh ya so easy  smile "
"just got back from church, prayed for me rip aunt that died 2 28 11   i would like thank the support of all the people of my church for attending the pray for a time of lost for my family "
once this week is over its spring break!!! but before that i must study for my midterms!!!
spring break!!!!
feels good to know there is no school tomorrow because its spring break!!!!
back to school again when i wake up    so sad that it has to end 
