e918fc0b6f9a405dd8cc7cf005158b0d
"if you are drowning i can save your but  now, just got done a life guard course  2 smile 0-9 each day this week  tomorow i am a life guard officially "
"came to the conclusion: 5 hour life guard test + getting 4 hours of sleep = tired, but im still going to stay up till atleast 2 tonight "
"swords, plans, murder  your normal saturday "
is in rangeley for a week!
sun!!!   oh wait   its gone
boosted his ego cause someone put him in there quotes 
: i am having an awesome time on vacation with my cousins 
"a destination, a fading smile  another station, another mile    "
is coming home!
is seeing rise against!
is really pumped up and really tired at the same time! rise against was awsome!
they're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you 
is feeling slightly insomniac 
so why are you alone wasting your time   when you could be with me wasting your time 
livin' and dyin' the stories that are true
no on 1 is seriously losing??? :  
is kinda sick  and  go phillies
i'm up at 8 on a saturday   !
stay with me   right here in this instance   not in the distance
im so energetic!!!!    but im so tired    !
back from lazer tag! and my bros  concert   now vacation!!
cause i want to be the minority! i dont need your authority!
going on a ski trip! and christmas in 2 days   yeah for vacation!
"home for literaly 15 mins, then heading down to boston for a 5 a m flight to the bahamas!"
sisters! :  
and the piano is this melancholy soundtrack to her smile
really glad its the weekend   long day  tired 
facebook chat = sucky and laggy! :  
lets conspire to ignite all the souls that would die just to feel alive
i cant afford to buy eight balls and i talk to myself on my facebook wall   surprise 
happy : )
"they think they know my thoughts, but they dont know the least; if they would  listen to the words they would find the message underneath"
rainstorms take me away from the norm
woah its not raining!
someone save me if you can from my blasphermy in my wasteland 
just got back from the muse concert   it was insanly good!!
last day in maine!
about to leave the fort laterdale  airport    finally    : )
"good skiing, pizza and kansas losing! good day "
wtf cyy    beastie boys are not close to as good as 311
is feeling blah   good news: might be able see obama in portland on thursday!
skiing at saddleback shirtless in 80 degree weather   its pretty awesome 
3rd straight  day of good weather! yay for spring
im sipping on some sunshine; im gonna leave it for a moment in the afterlife
we're fated to pretend
awake   at 7 smile 0 on a weekend of vacation   looking forward to today though!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy 18th!!
lets go celts!
so clear but so unheard
is physically and mentally exhausted   plans for the rest of the day: relax!!
it should not be   this hard to see
graduated and done with highschool!!
"damn, that just sucks!"
first real day of lifeguarding tomorow!!
i really really want pizza  that would cure my hunger nicely!
i'm going to be so damn tan by the time the summers over
nostalgia big time
inception was one of if not the best movie i've ever seen
rain = no work  thank you rain!
a conscientious objecter to the war thats in my mind 
   strange night!   
pats look pretty good today 
3 smile 0   can't sleep  listening to music i used to listen to 8th freshman year  nostalgic 
"fly away on my zephyr, i feel it more than ever, and in this perfect weather, we'll find a place together"
hot fuzz!
"so i was just driving peacefully not bothering anyone, when i stop at a red light and when i go to accelerate my car starts compulsing and the motor is on overdrive like its having a seizure  i than had to work my way through route 1 kennebunk to get to a friends house while the car was baically flat-lining on and off  pretty exciting "
account hacked   get a better password genius 
password changed  take that hacker (<propmale>)
come ride with me through the veins of history
streelight manifesto is a freakin' amazing band
"i know when i'm wrong, and i'm sure as hell aint wrong this time "
going up to rangeley for the weekend
just followed chased 3 moose that were right outside my camp until they went off in the woods 
off to go vote and be patriotic and such
whoever designs airplanes must hate tall people!
the guy who got me popcorn at the movies name was gandalf  pretty awesome  
almost no clouds  75 degrees  florida is awesome  only drawback is possibly missing the <propmale> potter midnight showing! unless i can convince my grandparents to let me borrow their car  i really hope they let me borrow their car  
"<propmale> potter lived up to the hype, very good "
sublime turned up  going outside in a t-shirt at 9 p m at night  warm with a nice feel to the air  it feels like re-living summer for awhile  smile  
<propfemale> christmas!!
leaving my house right now   after 24 hours of driving and flying i'll be in sa!
just got into cape town!
just surfed in the indian ocean
"today was are first real day at the school  than played soccer on the beach, about to go out and watch some comedy thing "
inglorious basterds is the perfect way to end a day
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!
