bafd92596502e771686fe7b4d828a6bd
"batted 4 for 4 today  plus i got a double that was not an error, go me!  smile  now if only i could do that every game!"
"had an amazing time in des moines, now need to find energy to pack and drive the unbearable i80 route home  im rooting for no speeding tickets this time around!"
time to work four 12+hour shifts in a row   bring it on!!
"in a 72 hour period, i have worked 40 hours  one more 12+ hour shift and then time for a break from the hospital!!!"
is relaxin
is sun burnt  im in a wee bit of pain now  sad  but going to the lake was fun!
"you know when its hot outside, when you have to get a random neighbor to kick your door open  bc the wood has e playful anded   that's hot!"
i am one of the chosen ones   hopefully only two more days of jury duty!
the verdict has been made   no more jury duty   back to work tomorrow!
"is headed to the taste with my sisters, then visiting my mom at the hack for dinner!"
"i finally have internet in my apartment!! woo hoo, time to surf through music  smile "
cleaning the apartment while playing new mat kearney and <propmale> yorn tunes
"just got done bike riding along the lake  highly recommend everyone to do the same, the weather is perfect!!"
"had an awesome movie night with keenar, eventhough part of my ceiling collapsed in my bathroom! a pleasant surprise when i got home from work!"
workin at the hack tonight! need to make that $$ to pay off those stupid red light camera tickets!
"is catering to three 15 year olds, and i i wish i was like <propfemale>  smile "
played an awesome softball game  though some of the grown men with beer guts need to take a loss instead of starting a fight at a co-recreational slow pitch softball game  i am <propfemale> happy we won!
saw a great <propfirst> <propfirst> show at uncommon ground  a perfect nite to be performed on the patio 
"what i learned today watching my pt for dts from etoh withdrawal, is that dt stands for delirium tremens and there is a delicious beer named after the withdrawal effects of etoh  everyone go out and buy dts!"
"some people can look up at the sun to see what time it is, others just look at there watch  i can tell time by watching the cops pass out parking tix   yep its about 4 surprise 5p"
typical day at mount sinai   joe biden decided to make a special visit 
my bos softball team is very similar to the cubs  after 8 years of playing in the league we generally do stellar in regular season but every year we choke in the playoffs  oh well we must also have the <propfirst> goat curse  smile  it was a very good year!
3 more days till i hit the road   4 more days till i see my grandview nursing girls!!!
road trip 
theres a reason why there should be a nursing reunion only once a year   i am exhausted!! but had an amazing time girls!
"my current love is <propfirst> lamontagne station on pandora com, i just cant stop listening to the tunes  smile "
i am off to killer <propfemale> time!!
headed to bucktown to see <propfirst> and ry's new place! plus having a bbq with hackney burgers   doesnt get much better than that  smile 
"there are some pretty amazing teachers at grand view, that will go the extra mile to give you a hand  thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale>, you guys are awesome!"
"<propmale> matthews tomorrow night! woo hoo, now if i can somehow leave work early!"
exhausted from my sis baby shower! 6 more weeks until the lil munchkin arrives  so happy for <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!
help! can someone please open this jar of relish??? i need my relish for my tuna sandwich  sad 
"there are 40,000 people making my life difficult  pretty much all the streets around my apt are tow zone for the chicago marathon   thank you so much you healthy human beings!!"
"rise up this mornin, smiled with the risin sun, three little birds pitch by my doorstep singin sweet songs of melodies pure and true,"
gliding through life with a smile and loving it
"grace <propfemale> wolinski made her grand appearance today, my beautiful baby niece  <propfemale> and <propfirst> are well and thrilled for their new addition!!"
"accepted! i am now an official student of bournemouth university, well for only a month  class starts january, time to book that plane ticket!!!"
"the weekend consisted of good times, good laughs, with some good friends  now its time to recover and sleep   good nite!"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> my nephew was born today! a beautiful 8pound bundle, 21 inches long will be tackling in football games in no time! <propmale> and <propfemale> are well and are psyched for their new little tyke  smile "
"had an awesome day with my parents and <propfemale>  great play downtown, and some delicious italian food at angelinas!  smile "
is raditude   cant wait for weezer tonight at the aragon ballroom!!!
is not ready to pull 4 days of 12+ hours in a row at sinai   i guess ready or not here i come   
"many people die with their music still in them  why is this so? too often it is because they are always getting ready to live  before they know it, time runs out  ~o w  holmes~ i have always loved this quote   well i booked my flight to london to earn my uk nurse's license   adventures in new places is my music  smile "
"<propfirst> poppins is on abc family, i have seen it at least a thousand times  its still my favorite disney movie of all time   plus it goes great with a glass of red wine  smile "
"ive got a date with a mundelein court judge at 1030  stupid insurance card, its <propfemale> easy to forget to put the new insurance card in my glove department  though the officer found it humorous that i have collected 5 years insurance cards and didnt have my new one   i still have to go to court"
"about to watch <propfemale> and <propmale>'s new show on tlc  the little chocolatiers, absolutely crazy they have there own show!!! so happy for them  smile "
the best way to spread christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"dear laundrymatte customers, i think there needs to be rules around here  like if you dont come back after an hour, then i can take your clothes out   right??but then why do i feel guilty? please take your clothes out, so i dont have a meltdown  oh and if your actually present in the laundrymatte, please apply deodorant generously  there is no reason for you to stink while your washing your clothes! yours truly,katie"
thank you to the awesome people that came out to share my final days in the us   woo hoo 2 more days and im in england!!!
?all my bags are packed i'm ready to go   ?
"i dont care its the middle of january, i am loving the beach! class by the water, brilliant!"
"writing so much, my penmanship is getting worse as we speak   almost as bad as the doctors   well i guess not that bad  smile "
"so a aussie, a south african, and a american walk into a bar   yep good times last nite  smile "
happy birthday dad!!! ha i wish you had facebook so you can actually see this  smile 
"vampire weekend \contra\"" album is singing to me right now   so sweet is the sound"""
happy birthday mom!!!
"watched the sunset from boscombe pier after a long walk on the beach, it was a good day "
"need to finish my obnoxious onp book, then as my award i get to go to bath, then <propfirst>!!! 3 more days, yay!!!"
"<propfirst> bird tunes, so peaceful sweet   puts me in a happy mood  smile "
"my onp book is complete, time to pack and leave bournemouth for a bit!!! goodbye for now  smile "
bad travel day!!! but   i have a voucher to go to <propfirst> free roundtrip for today's headache  smile 
enjoying my last days of my trip in london  smile 
sweet home chicago
"man do i hate to clean, especially since i left my apt a destructive mess when packing over a month ago  sad  but the tunes on pandora is making me feel better"
i am determined to find vampire weekend tickets for chicago's sold out show at the riv! determined!!!
"worked a 16+ hour shift last night, just woke up a couple hours ago  now getting ready to work at hackneys restaurant in wheeling with my mom  smile  back at sinai bright and early in the am  sad "
another 16+hr shift down (sigh) now time to relax and enjoy a easy work week   im seeing good times in my near future    smile 
"lovely day for a guinness! today will be my 10th st  patricks day at hackneys, bring on the green beer!"
"had a great day at work, unwinding with a glass of bordeaux, and im not working the weekend! doesnt get much better than that!"
"speak kind to a stranger, cause you'll never know, it just might be an angel come knockin' at your door     smile "
"rough day at work, its never good being in charge   i definitely had a case of the mondays  sad "
tomorrow is a new day   
drinking a sparks getting ready for the night! wow sparks was a staple back in my college days  smile  should be a great night seeing my coworkers out in normal clothes  smile  congrats emelyn!!!
"woke up thinkin my alarm was playing listzomania by phoenix  quickly realized it was all in my head   felt too weird! but woke up with a smile, i am my own juke box  smile "
soaking up some vitamin d right on lake michigan  its a beautiful day!
"its national hug a <propfemale> day! so everyone needs to find there favorite <propfemale>, bc we all know at least 5 of them, and give her a big hug! have a wonderful day everyone  smile "
time to go to sleep while listening to the birds chirping  smile  had a great night!
"tonight is my first night shift at sinai!! yikes, time to take a nap stat!!"
"my eyes burn!! hmm maybe its from the 3hours of sleep i got, i have learned from this lack of sleep not to pickup my phone when trying sleep  alright ready or not bring on another night shift  smile "
"after a long day at work, i had an awesome night with my crazy friends in bucktown!!! all i can say is good night  smile "
"date night movie is a must see, too funny! had an amazing time last night   goals and objectives today? just relax  smile "
just got low census for 4hours! sweet! hopefully we can turn that into 12hours   fingers crossed!
alright another season of 14 inch softball with family and friends! come on bos lets get a w  smile 
"alright ready for another fun day at work, bring on the admissions, bring on the stat labs, bring it all on! (note my sarcasm) god help me, my cup of <propfirst> will be my best friend tonight  smile "
"my lease is up for my apt, back home in wheeling with my family for a couple of months until my new chapter of traveling around uk happens in june! cant wait! right now no longer a city girl, officially an suburbanite  smile "
had the best night at work and i wasnt on 6n! time to say good night for now  smile 
~nurses week~
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immenseresponsibility\& very little authority  you step into people'slives & make\a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you seepeople at \their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you seepeople's\capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it's nurses appreciation\week  repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or appreciate a \nurse "
hmmm i think my little sister's beta fish <propfirst> as seen the light and gone to it  a 21 flush salute is underway  so long <propfirst>!
"baptism day for my goddaughter, <propfemale>! weather was perfect, and so was she! though she made things very exciting when she spit up during prayer with the pastor  she couldnt have picked a better timing, aww <propfemale> i love ya ?"
"you are sitting in a bar, a song comes on and suddenly you think of me  what song is playing?"
"went out with my crazy nursing girls tonight latravia <propmale>, <propfemale> valero <propfemale> stephens , and miss <propfemale> lynise! my body hurts from laughing <propfemale> hard, so much fun!"
awesome time with my best friend <propfemale> rotizza-niedbalec drinking pineapple upside down martinis at fox n hound   mmmm so good!
"need to turn my car in this week since my lease is up and im fleeing the country and oh my what a perfect time to be a part of a 3 car accident! ha oh well, life certainly can throw me some curve balls, i am certainly looking forward to not having a car in a week, too much responsibility  smile "
"thank you to all the wonderful birthday wishes! it was a big day today, world cup opened, blackhawks parade, celebrated <propfirst>'s graduation from residency program all on the day of my birth   very special indeed  smile  much love to all ?"
"this is the one and only time i will accept a tie with usa and england, besides today i have a real issue with no deciding factor of a winner loser, yes you can tell i do not follow soccer much  smile    england better be scared or get a new goalie! this is getting exciting!!!"
london is calling   
london bound  smile 
"in between my classes today i spent an awesome lunch in millenium park (london version) eating jerk chicken and pumpkin rice from a local vendor  laid out in the grass barefoot, funny to see business people in their nice suits doing the same  the jamaican feast, live music in the background and the gorgeous sunshine was too good to be true!!!"
first day of work tomorrow   eeek! goal for tomorrow???     dont be late  smile  oh and happy fathers day!!!
so nice to log all my obnoxious luggage to my hopefully final resting point in london and to see a letter from my sister placed in my new room  <propfemale> <propmale> wolinski  thank you so much for the wonderful thank you card   hmmm thats sounds a bit funny   it was so great to read after an exhausting and tiring day?
way to go england and usa!!! big w on both sides  smile 
had a much needed night out!! saw us make great effort with getting that w but sadly we will have to wait till brazil 2014 to go all the way   now time for bed! looking forward to england game tomorrow!!!
"crazy monday work day, learning lots!!! time for another round tomorrow!! im praying for no emergency blood transfusions pretty please  smile "
"i have been planning on watching eclipse on this day for quite a while  just learned that uk and usa have different release dates  sad  so <propfemale> <propmale> enjoy that movie, try not to ruin it for me and i shall wait one more week to e playful erience the twilight craziness! ok plan b: <propfemale> out at hyde park  smile "
"happy canada day everyone! enjoyed the day in the sun at trafalgar square eating poutine, drinking sleemans beer while watching some floor hockey! also ran into eclipse premiere at leicester square, sadly no sighting of team <propfirst> or <propmale>  playful "
"happy 4th of july everyone!!! mission today is to find a firework show in london, hmm should be interesting, a def challenge  smile "
"<propmale> matthews and <propfirst> mraz at wrigley field, in september!!! im crushed that i wont be there please guys come on over here and make a london invasion!!!"
i had 8 patients last night 1 pt had a blood transfusion(hgb5 0)    exhausted just got home with enough time for some sleep then back to work for round 3! as of 11am   good night!
"woke up today for another round at work and decided i need to go to dublin for the weekend  one more night of work then its a train ferry ride to dublin baby!! tomorrow night ill be enjoying oh my goodness, my guinness  smile "
"back from a great dublin trip, i have to agree the guinness tastes <propfemale> much better overthere!!"
"me: hey doc the pt s p liver bx vitals are bp 84 42, resps at 22, pulse 119, sats at 93% @ 2l what kind of bolus labs etc? doc:yea <propfemale> how bout you give her 500cc of jello and recheck the obs & we will go from there  ha ha thank you <propfemale> benkert if it wasnt for you i would be running around the kitchen today wondering \wtf jello?! those brits can sure talk funny!"""
happy happy birthday <propfemale> <propmale>!!!! wish i was back home so i can share all the embaressing stories when she was a baby  my little sister is officially sweet sixteen!!!!
"universal healthcare at its best! need to get my wisdom tooth removed since im having problems with it   xrayed,  examined, yep my appt is in september!!!! they told me if there is pain just take analgesia until your appt, ha wow, i guess be happy its free!"
"was in the process of getting tickets to bedouin soundclash sold out concert for tomorrow, had a beer at a pub by the venue  met a band who are playing in a couple of hours   keep an eye out for \what now \"" good guys who play rock punk music will be seeing there show in an 1 1 2hr  smile """
"amazing tunes of bedouin soundclash at sold out venue!  the highlight was the last song    it was a cover song \standby me\"" with a sweet transition to \""when the night feels my song \"" was a big fan back in college wanting to see them live and now i have   hmm it was worth the wait  smile """
"havent enjoyed a monday off from work in quite awhile, felt <propfemale> good today  plus was able to see onsite filming of a bollywood film in southbank london  very cool watch out for ra one in 2011!"
"woke up just feeling great today! plus i have booked my final trip before i head towards the states   indonesia here i come, will be backpacking through java possibly sumatra to bali and head towards lombok relaxing in a bungelow while learning how to surf all in one month  i better get a tan before i head back to the <propfemale> city  smile "
"im getting ready for my 4th night shift in a row   must have happy thoughts, i can do this   "
"mom i want some of your amazing enchiladas, its a craving thats not going away!!!!! must send across the atlantic asap!"
i've just become the 642nd person to join the innocent wall of peace in support of peace one day and it'd be ace if you joined me  just follow this link and help spread the word of peace a little further http annoyed  www innocentdrinks co uk peaceoneday
"i ? bank holidays!!! time and a half tomorrow, ooh so sweet $$"
"had a great day at the zoo with <propfemale> erickson  saw the giraffes   bought a watch, contemplated on the odd new fashion \jump suits\"" and ended the day sipping a bramble at strawberry moons   yes indeed it was a good day at the zoo  smile """
"never forget 9 11  ill always remember sitting in my first block english class sophmore year of whs, our teacher turned on the tv just moments before the 2nd plane crashed into the world trade center  you couldve heard a needle drop not only in our classroom but throughout <propfemale> watching these horrific scenes  i hope this flordia pastor gets his act together before he endangers more innocent lives "
"so much to do, so little time, ahhh!!"
had an awesome last few days of london with some amazing friends   you know who you all are  smile  thank you   now im at dubai airport to refuel the plane for the trip to indonesia  haha i have the travel bug  oh and ps one of my goals with these travels is to try starbucks in each country   hmmm dubai's starbucks    3 1 2 stars  wink 
"im in jakarta java!! all i have is my backpack and a beautiful country at my footsteps  couple of random backpackers and i were talking about our plans, got some possible new ideas  but first is tmw   train ride to yogyakarta, locals say its a must see  smile "
ok my first blonde moment in yogyakarta    its customary respectful to take ur shoes off before you enter a shop  i knew this but forgot when i was goin into a batik <propmale> gallery with shoes that stepped in a puddle the owner looked @ me like i poured ink over his artwork  i profusely apologized &cleaned up the floor   his wife on the otherhand was lovely &told me not to bother that grump and to please drink her tea  smile 
roadtrip!! headed to mt bromo!
"never going to buy a <propfemale> banana ever again, the real stuff is here hanging outside my room  smile "
so today i went to the sacred monkey forest   yea those monkeys are nothing sacred unless you worship the devil   hmm wizard of oz comes to mind  smile 
"i just had a monarch butterfly plant itself on my shoulder for a split second while another one was flying around me  i think only <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propmale> wolinski know the significance of this  i have seen many butterflies during my trip but never monarchs, all i could do is smile until they flew away   the funny thing is i stubbed my toe moments after this, ha thanks a lot  smile "
"im in lombok, all i can say amazing  smile "
"had amazing unforgettable time in gerupuk, lombok  from the village kids to my awesome new found mates, it was one trip of a lifetime  but time to move to my next chapter in life   home  smile  i have just begun a very long journey to my sweet home chicago!"
"i am officially alert and oriented x1   feeling weird with having culture shock in chicago, and the time of day is screwing me up, but feels good to be home  smile "
road trip!!! <propfirst> here i come!!!  smile 
got back from <propfirst>    a big congratulations to <propfemale> huber and <propmale> a huber on there wedding  it was a gorgeous event  two beautiful people in more ways than one are officially locked in with ball and chain  smile  congrats you guys!!
"just found out from my sister that a 7 5 earthquake hit jakarta  i hope all my wonderful indo friends and travelers are safe and not around jakarta and southern sumatra area  be safe guys, wherever you might be!"
~yawn~     good night     zzzzzz
"headed to my god-daughter's 1st birthday party!!! and its a costume-party   what am i going to be?? <propfemale> white from the snickers commercial!! best person to be, i get to wear sweats, eat snickers, and if need be, i can tackle someone  smile "
"blasting pandora a mixture of phoenix, <propmale> matthews, peteyorn, and coldplay  music brings me happiness ?"
"\you may say im a dreamer   but im not the only one\"""""
"happy guy fawkes day everyone!!! its one of those days i wish i was in london enjoying the fireworks, but instead im going to do the next best thing  a sushi date with miss <propfirst> hardt tonight!     yes i realize its almost 4in the morning, but man do i need a drink right about now  smile "
bra skit  smile 
"working at hackneys with my lil sis and mom tonight  yep its a family affair, making those tips  smile "
"i wished i lived in california, so i can break off and <propfemale> with hawaii   alaska can come too  smile "
"i am recharged &inspired to do something great in this world  from when i was a pre-nursing student listening to a nurse &her e playful eriences with msf, to last nite attending a recruitment session with doctors without borders  i know i am hooked  so many places to see, so many people to meet, so much to improve on in the world  my goal is in 1 1 2years ill be in the field  but for right now, time to learn some french  smile "
attention team sweden!!!!!! who has the team photo from our football game??? would love to get a copy to remember the day i played with my evil swedes  that game was definitely bra skit  smile 
"worked 19hours at sinai, came home baked cookies for work tomorrow  now going to bed to recover from this very long shift and get ready for tomorrow at sinai  hmmm does it sound a bit of an overkill?!?"
"it doesnt matter if enjoying a feast with your friends and family include a turkey dinner, fish and chips, gado gado, or a big plate of swedish meatballs   giving thanks should be spread all around  ? happy thanksgiving everyone ?"
"i either work too much or not enough at sinai, was low census tonight  good thing i have this waitressing gig    tomorrow is work at hackney's with mom and lil sis, im dreaming for some good tip $$, good nite  smile "
"hmm a roadtrip to des moines to relive my gvc years with my nursing girls?!?! too many fine and fuzzy memories on court and 4th ave, haha cant wait to see you girls  smile "
"im working at the hospital in the cold, <propfemale> city, its 4am   and all i keep thinking is how i miss lombok, indonesia  sad "
"change your profile pic with your favorite cartoon character from your \childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the purpose is to not \see a single human face on facebook, but an invasion of childhood \memories- supporting the cause to fight child abuse!"
"??let it snow, let it snow, let it snow ??"
"im in a hunt for a apartment today! my goal is to find a large studio, good location, roofdeck, next to the el   would love some carpeting (im so done mopping wood floors)   oh and not be ripped off by the property manager   ahhh wish me luck  smile "
just registered for the hustle up the hancock climb! the full climb was sold out just the half is left  yep i only have to climb a measly 52 flights of stairs to the top   hmm its a heck of a trek to reach the signature lounge for a gin and tonic  smile 
just got done with my last shift for this week   now its time to pack and get ready for my road trip to des moines tomorrow! cant wait to see my gvc nursing girls  smile 
so today im going on the polar e playful ress (metra) to go to the north pole (lake villa) to see <propfemale> (a white-bearded man dressed up in a red suit) with the family   yes i am aware that i am 25years old but should be fun     smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! im headed to the <propmale> park zoo with my parents and lil sis  afterwards then its some good times with my whole family! i hope everyone has a perfect christmas!! be safe?
"i am so thankful for my family and friends, christmas was the best this year! as my exhaustion setting in i like to make my final wish: <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight!"
its official! i am now a chicagoan        again  smile 
"i finally got my long over due wisdom tooth pulled   the novocaine has worn off, and im not feeling too hot right now  sad "
"the packers just won, if the bears win tomorrow then i e playful ect a war within the <propmale> household! only the future can tell     smile "
its official ww3 has just begun! d-day is t-7days  smile 
"had my first day in french 101, and i made the worst mistake, i was 30minutes late!!! hopefully i can improve on that, all in all it was a great class  time to buy some note cards  smile "
"just got done with my first french verbal quiz, and a+!! i really enjoy my french instructor, shes fun but tough! now time to eat some sushi and get ready for work a extra shift at 11p  hopefully the night shift will go fast    man, i cant wait till friday  smile "
i have worked over 55hours this week!!! tgif!!! i am <propfemale> happy to be with my work friends  smile  you guys are amazing!! had a such relaxing and fun night! thank you!!!
off to my godson's dedication today!! its <propfirst>'s day  smile 
though i have to work at sinai tuesday night into wednesday   most likely will be snowed in at work for awhile  buuuttt    im sort of excited for this record breaking blizzard!!! if we're suppose to get 20+ inches of snow we better beat that 1967 record snowfall  so my parents will finally stop talking bragging about how they survived the worst chicago blizzard  smile 
getting ready for another night at work    eek i was a bit traumitized from working yesterday for 20+ hours of mandatory overtime  hopefully today is a better day!  annoyed 
"so im a bit quirky, i go through these musical phases from different random artists where i play their songs all throughout a certain chapter of myself it could be a day, week, month where i cant get enough of a certain artist   jack <propmale>, <propmale> yorn, dmb are always returning friends, but right now the winner is    iron and wine, cant stop listening to their sweet tunes?"
"\so come out of your cave walking on your hands and see the world hanging upside down you can understand dependence when you know the maker's land so make your siren's call and sing all you want i will not hear what you have to say cause i need freedom now and i need to know how to live my life as it's meant to be\"" ~mumford & sons lyrics are the sh*t~"""
"the sun is shining, the snow is melting   today is a beautiful day  smile "
"making some yummy carrot cake for work tonight!\?happy valentines day everyone?"
"life is short  have fun, breathe deep, laugh plenty and drink good coffee! sweet words from my friend miss <propfemale> a "
"so i was getting random groceries at <propfirst>, and i saw this kids toy to blow bubbles  i bought it with my intention with playing with my 1yr niece the next time im at my parents house  but instead im sitting in my studio, blowing bubbles for my own amusement  yes i am a official dork! sorry <propfemale>  smile  lol"
"yay its oscars night!!! im hoping the kings speech takes it all, i love that movie!"
"had a nice relaxing weekend back home in wheeling, worked at crazy busy hackneys with my mom and lil sis, for the rest of the weekend enjoyed being a lazy bum with the family  back to the grind tomorrow, ha god help me  smile "
"pretty much found the best kids show on <propmale> jr  yo gabba gabba is the sh*t!!! my niece and nephew sucked me in with this show when i saw weezer dressed up in bug costumes singing  therefore i found myself jamming in front of the tv with the kids  yes indeed yo gabba gabba is the sh*t, lol"
"somehow cant fall to sleep, on top of that im not looking forward with working tomorrow  ugh working mondays are the worse, its the only day of the week i dread to work  hopefully everything will run smoothly tmw, fingers crossed  annoyed "
"to laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children   to leave the world a better place   to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived  this is to have succeeded \~ralph <propmale> <propmale>"
thoughts and prayers go out to japan
"today its ally's day, i cant believe she is 3! headed to my niece's birthday party!!! ?"
"woo hoo a pleasant surprise today! i was low census for 12hours, get to enjoy a day off from work   hmmm i see a starbucks and a target trip in my future today  yes i know i live a extravagant lifestyle  smile "
"happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!!! getting ready to work my last and final st  <propfemale>'s day at hackneys, a bit insane working a double, but should be fun  time to serve that green beer!!!"
"finished my double shift at hackneys, my hands are permanently green from all the green beers  crazy day, but it was a good one  smile  happy st pattys day everyone!"
"dear vcu,\can you please stop making 3pointers, its getting ridiculous  i need georgetown to win for my bracket  ok thanks much\yours truly,\<propfemale>"
come on uconn!!!!
who would've thunk a girl will be tied for first in march madness tournament!!! thats me!!! bring on the money <propmale> a huber  smile 
start signing out   (kerrie)   lol
"its 11p, just got called in by sinai, will be working a hard 16hours and be able to get off in time for march madness games to begin tmw  extra money plus get out at a decent time tmw, its a win win situation  smile "
"on my way to meet up with <propfirst>, ry, and <propfirst> at club foot  smile "
"just one more chart to document in the chemo clinic, and why is it that i saved the thickest most complicated chart for last?! ugh im so ready to leave this clinic today  sad "
"alright feeling much better now, i guess all i needed to do to turn my mood around was to grab a pint with a good friend  feel so good to unwind  smile "
"in honor of opening day, put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a sox fan  being a sox fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously there is still no cure but we can raise awareness  symptoms may include sad onstant drug abuse, unwarranted cockiness, a strong to <propfemale> to fornicate with various farm animals  100% of cubs fans will re-post this  don't worry sox fans can't read anyway"
"hopping on the train to the burbs, working at hackneys for a quick shift then its back to the city for some good times at hawkeyes! i have a feeling its going to be a good day  smile "
im loving the weather right now  smile 
"bring on the lightening, i love spring thunderstorms?"
