351cc0ccee67b23c7d3f475f5d6bfedc
tomorrow is my last day of a twelve day work week! woofreakinhoo! i can't wait to celebrate with some saag paneer and a mango lassi!
"hey! i can feel my face again! had a filling redone today, and my face is all good again! yay!"
what an awesome day! i saw machete (awesome!) and had saag paneer (also awesome!) with a cute brunette (even more awesome!)  and i got to overuse the word awesome to the point of making it trite! and that's just awesome!
"i just fixed the cracking grout around my bathtub! been meaning to do it for a month or more and i finally did it! between that and the arch i helped a friend of mine install, i'm becoming downright handy! go me! go me!  laugh "
roll tide! (that was waay too close)
thanks everyone for the kind birthday wishes! i wish i could buy you all giant fishbowl-sized margaritas (after the consumption of which we would all go bust out some wicked karaoke tunes at starz)! ah    i can dream! electronic hugs to the lot of ya!  laugh 
the race for the boobies is tomorrow! now if i can just use my copious charm and negligible wit to convince all the other racers to go ever so slightly slower than me i just might win this thing! woooot!
"i shall miss you, o' friend and constant companion  you were more than just plastic and silicon, you were a living thing with all the twitches and foibles that come with it  you outlived many batteries, and performed your duties admirably despite being dropped, kicked, steamed, and generally abused  may the god of electronics have mercy on your <propfemale> soul  rest in peace, motorola razr v3  b 2005 d 2010"
woohoo!!! i love my new iphone!
"two days  two all night parties  too much drinking  i am so worn out \the high point? my \human centipede\"" costume was a total hit- more than i could have possibly imagined! pics will be posted soon   """
wants a bottle of rum chata and a glass full of ice  yum!
is a diet-coke fueled fountain of awesome!
wishes you all a happy turkey day!!!
was thoroughly disappointed by nasa's announcement   surprise (
"the geminid meteor shower is going on now  saw one burn across the sky last night, but didn't think to post about it at the time  it lasts till the 17th "
wishes everyone a very <propfemale> christmas!
damn you nature!!! (shakes fist at the sky)
