e0a4cc65b838eb99be8be2dc62a1b492
"haaappy biiirthdaaay sydie!!! yesterday i left my teenage years, today sydie enters them  weird "
"last night was so great  great music, and the people that i love  i couldn't ask for more   smile "
"i'm heading to the mall, stinky and sloppy, and without makeup to get my last minute christmas shopping done  do you know what it feels like to just not care and be confident? if you don't, then work on it  today, i feel beautiful   smile "
"wants to go back in \the day\"" several times over   oh to be young again """
"likes that the sun has been making more appearances lately! time to tan soon? um, yes! warm me up sunshine   wink "
hell yeah!
"i am so excited for friday, february 25 at 12 surprise 5 pm, because that means it's giant's time!!! i'm counting down the days   "
"dear iphone, \please stop correcting my words so i end up telling people i'm gassy when all i want to do is show my excitement by shouting \yaaay!\""  i would appreciate it \",e0a4cc65b838eb99be8be2dc62a1b492,i have a love hate relationship with waking up in the morning 
"epic valentines day breakfast? epic valentines day breakfast! wish me luck! i'm making heart shaped pancakes, eggs, and bacon!  smile "
why am i up so freaking early? i couldn't tell you  it feels good though  will i regret it later? probably 
good morning world! goodbye dreams! hello muscle aches   
confession: i like ke$ha   
"well   the sun is out  i might as well smile   smile  late for class, who cares   exercise later, good for me   also my first day of work, cha chinggg!!!"
go gigantes!!!
"has anybody read pride and prejudice and zombies? if so, do you recommend it? yes or no?"
"about to go fill up my car  my gas gage is stuck on full, so i have to track my <propmale> on my trip timer  how many <propmale> did i drive you ask? 270  my lovely boyfriend did the math for me and told me i get about 15 mpg, and i have an 18 gallon tank  anybody good at math? kind of scary i let it get that far  let's see how much it costs!  laugh       sad  or if i can make it to safeway "
anybody wanna play words with friends with me?  laugh  it'sbadbeth    do it!!!
new gameinformer today! woohoo!  laugh 
"wishes double double cheeseburgers, animal style, with extra grilled onions were a healthy choice   "
"never knew i could feel like this, like i've never seen the sky before  want to vanish inside your kiss, every day i'm loving you more and more  listen to my heart, can you hear it sing? telling me to give you everything  seasons may change, winter to spring, but i love you until the end of time   "
"did you all know that individuals in the united states can still be fired, be denied a job, housing, or even evicted from their home because of their sexual orientation? did you also know that oral, and anal sex was a crime until 2003? i'm disappointed  i don't give a hootdenanny if you believe in gay rights or not, i believe in people rights, and that nobody should be singled out or treated this way "
"you would think after a long night of work i'd be tired, but for me it's the complete opposite   i'm as awake as i could ever be   i need sleep!!!"
mmm   slept in   fabulous 
"it's going to be a long day at work, thank goodness for cashmere blend socks to help get me through the day!"
"i go out to work on monday morning, tuesday i go off to honeymoon, i'll be back again before it's time for sunnydown, i'll be lazing on a sunday afternoon   "
"sometimes   i really love people, i'm not going to lie "
"i didn't want to be up this early, on a day i'm able to sleep in, but the sun is out   smile  i want to fix my bike so i can go out and ride it again  i miss it "
"stupid court hotline   i'm just calling to ask a question and i've been on hold for almost 15 minutes now  no i can't get the same information online, it doesn't tell me anything  what i want to know is if i can apply for traffic school and a payment plan, anybody knowledgable in this area? if you can help me out i will be very thankful and owe you a huge favor!  laugh  pleeease!!!"
lately   i can never get enough sleep   10 hours and i still feel like a zombie   sad  time to get up for class 
it feels good to be making money again 
"\it's not just superficial  i'm deep in love \""\",e0a4cc65b838eb99be8be2dc62a1b492,"music really stimulates the memories, even when it's just in my head   "
work poops me out 
"today in my debate class i had to make an argument as to why legalizing prostitution would be a good thing  now i am a little neutral on this subject, but i admit that i enjoy looking at all sides of an argument and acknowledging all points  whether you are completely for or against something, i think we should all try a little harder and at least respect what other people think, and why they think the way they do "
i love it when i take my clothes off at the end of the day and i feel like a transformer from all the marks i have on my skin 
has forgotten how nice pedicures are   smile 
got highlights! can you say super blonde?
"oh the feeling of a spring summer night   so relaxing, yet not sleep inducing in the slightest "
wake up in the morning feeling like p  diddy 
time to stock up on a lot of sun block! i love the smell of sun block! i'm excited!
"taco <propfemale> playing fleetwood <propmale>, today is a good day "
"so apparently i have good veins  thank you, mr  paramedic "
i'm pretty sure my index finger on my left hand is arthritic   along with many other parts of my body  sad 
"my taste buds love me, but my body hates me "
