2ce1c491e7f9c41f0850a69b5e02def5
hacked by big bird[sam]!!! lmao  laugh 
"yeah, just happened "
"oh, i got a license! i drive now!"
why am i so abnormally tired    
going to megacon tomorrow~
did i mention i'm going to megacon?!!?!?!
i am at megacon right now! yeah!!!
yeah! day 2 of megacon begins!
"not going to school tomorrow, i've been sick all week and i've gone to school every day over important stuff, i just don't care about tomorrow "
remembering why i hate slipknot so much and how mudvayne is far superior 
i just donated blood earlier today! i also passed out during the first pint!  laugh  i forgot to eat! that was my first time seriously passing out! it was amazing!
"learning frankenstein on the guitar, hoping to learn the keyboard parts too of course "
this has to be the worst possible 24 hours imaginable 
"oh my, can't sleep    life's been so vibrant and fun for me recently "
i feel much happier today than earlier days  jazz band must have seriously helped  that and the 3rd id jazz band too   
i fucking woke up at the exact same damn time as yesterday morning 3 surprise 0  really hoped i'd make it through tonight 
totally pushing a car out in glenville  awesome day!
"i just realized, for the past 5 years i've had the best moments of my life happen in april  this year was the first year i've had one of the worst in april "
what would <propfirst> boitano do in this situation?
"i feel better now for some reason, at least the anxiety is gone "
"awww, same thing as monday and tuesday, only at 4 smile 0 this time "
aparently   lady gaga amputated her leg as a fucking fashion statement  please tell me this isn't true 
"my cat's giving birth to kittens, the first one looks dead so far "
heading to <propfemale>'s house i guess 
"yeah, regret going over to <propfemale>'s house  i got to learn a lot about black holes though "
"i really like orphaned land   their album \the beloved's cry\"" is so nice and doom-metally """
lol  posting from weight training 
off to bother that one person who i don't know 
"ap exam tomorrow, reading over those practice tests that wisner gave me yesterday    i was at first going to settle for a 4 but once i saw how important th multiple choice was, i'm getting a 5 \\i am guaranteed a 3 (seeing as how i scored a 3 with just the multiple test) so i want a 5 damn it! revisiting everything on the paper  "
"ugh, i scored a 67 75 on my practice test at home  and here i was hoping for more than a 1 75 point improvement  missed 9 problems    left 1 blank  "
great day to fucking choose to pus out on my sleep body! the day just before your ap exam that you were going to make a 5 on!
"hmm, reading up on one of marshall\ j  gauvin's lectures    i find it funny that 90 years later and his arguments are still valid "
pretty sure i just got a 5 on that ap exam 
screw the ap test! i got a new battery for my car!
"last night was enjoyable, i got to meet a few new people who i enjoyed the company of very much  nyess, <propfemale> and dj of course "
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck       why did it have to happen today of all days? fucking really? fucking really?! i have no idea what to do right now thanks to this shit  great    
what kind of gay shit is that?! <propfirst> portnoy is guest drumming for avenged sevenfold's tour?! they don't deserve his fucking pinky!
why's facebook so silent?!
i'm happy today for some reason   
"dude! 1984 is a supprisingly good book, like up there with catch-22  probably going to take the place of number 3 book of 20th century on my list   "
"that's kind of funny, <propfirst> liked the female xbox and i was like \hell yeah!\"" so i added it  3 hours later i've got like 6 friends that have added it """
i got to hug wisner!
why these moslems so angry about us doing our free speech?
first post of the summer 
"wow, <propmale> nationalistic songs are so catchy!"
probably going to go outside for no real reason and do stuff    
gooing to the moovies    
"i hate hinesville, my speech has gotten so much more ghetto since i've lived here "
hold devil's pot of tea will become almost as important as high speed alien drum <propfemale>!
asfsdfusdhfsydh stringless violin is stick in my head    
"hell yeah! i got a 100 on the exam in wisner's class! well, most likely above 100 but he couldn't give me that "
going to go see price of persia!!!!
"<propfirst> got some 20lb ankle wrist weights, i'm borrowing a set to try them out  wearing a total of 40lbs of weights today to see how they feel  today on my legs tomorrow on my arms "
"hey, my car works again  i have no more battery problems either! i can use the ac and listen to the radio!"
"bakemonogatari is supprisingly enjoyable, i sit in excitement for the next episode     which may take a long time   "
"let's build a snowman!we can make him \our best friend we can name him <propmale> or we can name him george!we\ can make him tall, or we can make him not so tall \snowman!\\he'll\ have a happy face, a happy smile, a happy point of view if you \build me a snowman, then i'll build one for you "
"sat is today, 7:45 in <propfemale>! don't i have awesome luck?! at least i can go to cat's party, yeeey "
yeah! turkey's going to win the world cup! i know it!
"i just realized this, ke$ha looks really trashy in her videos "
"i have come to the revalation that i am officially a socialst  before i start getting yelled at for being a disgusting red bastard, socialism  annoyed = communism \\socialism can by all means be implemented under democracy, but communism (as in the words of <propfemale>) must be a dictatorship of the proletariat(the working class)  socialism also awards on the base of merit for your work, only communism doesn't do that "
battlelore has turned out to be everything i wanted them to be    hehe    
"suck it italy! you got your ass whooped out of that world cup!\\sorry for the kiwis, at least you made number 3 in your group "
omg! scanners was an wesome movie! the ending was worth the entire film!
lil <propmale> is the <propmale> brothers of rap 
"what my chemical romance is to <propfemale> manson , stephenie\ meyer is to <propfemale> rice "
stupid spain!
i officially moved to <propfemale> 
i scored a 5 on my ap euro exam!~
"i would like to e playful ress my hatred for <propfirst> <propmale>  as <propfirst> said, hate is only a word reserved for those who deserve it  well, <propfirst> <propmale>! you deserve this rare honor of mine "
listening to fantasy 
"yeah, i'm pretty sick  not sure what i have but it sucks pretty bad "
"vampires suck was a decent movie, it brings out a lot of the reasons why twilight is just crazy stupid \\it'll be nice to watch it again in a non wp version with the extra scenes cut out and the music put it   "
i will be officially staying in hiv  i can't make the move 
"the kittens have fallen asleep at the side of my bed, too bad they're too small to jump up with me "
band trip!
operation iraqi freedom is officially over!!!!!!
you should all listen to speedy claxton  go there now!
anyone want a kitten? we have a total of 6 and we're getting rid of all but    two i think 
"gawd, that horn kills my lips when i play trumpet music  it is really not meant to be played high   "
god    republicans are so stupid 
silly fox news and your decision to report the controversy rather than the facts 
profit! my bank has paid me a total of 4 cents in my savings account!
"i just had my mind blown  i looked up the word agnostic agnostic has not a damn thing to do with religion, it's strictly about knowledge \\\a person who denies or doubts the possibility of ultimate knowledge in some area of study \"""""
good morning facbook! who's ready for competition?!!?!?!
"of course, i get locked out of my fucking house at 1 surprise 0 am because some dumbshit locks the deadbolt! our deadbolt is broken and can not be unlocked from the outside! fucking idiots, i even told them i'd be coming home late today "
"\why should i spend half of my sunday hearing about how i'm going to hell?\"" - <propmale> simpson"""
fried chicken breast is pretty gross 
"mr  wisner gave me the ultimately compliment today heading home from the quiz bowl competition  he said, \i probably wouldn't have gotten that question before you \"" it was a question about <propmale> mussolini  there were a few obscure hints that nobody would have known but the moment i heard \""king zog\"" i knew it was <propmale> """
sad face                  
still sick
just got a new computer   
"i'd like to re-affirm that i despise <propfirst> <propmale>  congrats to you, you're the only human on the face of the earth that has not only earned my \hate\"" but has also kept it """
<propfemale> empire is so awesome 
asdasdas <propfemale> empire!!!!
12 highlanders and a bagpipe make a rebellion 
my dad bought me sushi   good thing i didn't go to sushi house like i planned  
i really enjoy the perks of being a guy sometimes    i can walk around with no shirt on  this works very well on hot days 
debate speech team seems really fun so far 
<propfirst> pilgrim vs the world was amazing  that was just awesome     it makes fun of everything i hate and has jokes about what i love  laugh   damn hipsters 
"the fuck is this?! avatar, the last air bender is a bunch of crap! you mother fucker m sham! you butchered far too many movies! i haven't seen a movie this bad since battlefield earth! for anyone who has seen that trash you know this is a very significant statement!"
<propfemale> work ready certificate came in today  i am certified gold! buwhahahahahahaha 
wii classic controler! time to play psx games on my emulator!!!
i caught a ladyba in pokemon and i nicknamed him    manlyba!
"nuzlocke challange is awesome, it makes you use pokemon you've never used before  i've got a party with butterfree, fearow, raticate, weepinbell, slowpoke and my starter  slowpoke is turning out to be amazing "
hopefully i'll be ready for tomorrow's debate as well  confidential     i did a lot better with the topic that i thought i did  trying to find something positive about social networking was haaard 
"about to take on the elite 4 in nuzlock <propfemale> > laugh !!!\party: slowbrow(59), fearow(50), granbull(50), hitmonchan(50), dragonite(55), typhlosion(50) "
"     why do people think democrats are liberals and socialistic? i feel offended that people would group those pussy-footed moderates in with my group!\\curiosity, do you think democrats are liberal and socialist? if so, then why? and if not, i would also like to know why "
wolfram texted me and said that there's danger of freezing rain  no school!
"the zombie movie \fido\"" was awesome  laugh   <propfirst> connolly makes such a great zombie """
noo! everyone stop iiiit!!!
off to tallahassee
"back from my trip to tallahassee, got to see my brother and played wii    lots and lots of wii "
jazz band!
"you're the first, you're the last by <propmale> white has an awesome bass line "
"interesting fact, the socialist party usa officially is against the healthcare reform <propmale> of 2010 because it's \a corporate restructuring of the health insurance industry created to protect the profit margins of private insurance companies \""\",2ce1c491e7f9c41f0850a69b5e02def5,off to sats
<propfemale> palin is gonna get president in 2012! yeah! refudiate that!
railroad tycoon 3 is better than 2 gameplay wise but the maps are terrible!
depending on whether wolfram is going to school is whether i am today   
"duuude, guys!!! darfur is declaring independence on july 6th from sudan "
"still feeling sick unfortunately, i do hope these shenanigans get over soon "
"sakura wars is a great game, but the mechs are so gay!"
"oh my, egyptian 'president' won't run for re-election in the fall  let's see how this rolls over "
quiz bowl!! roaaarrgghhh!!!!!! waycross tomorrow!!!
quiz bowl today! rruuuggghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i hate it when someone tells someone something and e playful ects them to keep it as a secret  human's can't keep secrets, it's not possible  if you tell someone something you better not get all pissy when they tell someone else "
listening to rush for the first time in months    t_t   i know again why they are my favorite band 
ayumi hamasaki    ah    nostalgia  
interesting fact    the hottest temperature ever achieved was    2 billion degrees k(3 6 billion f)  fusion takes place at the center of the sun at    only 15 million degrees k       so it's only 133 times hotter than the center of the sun!
"heeey, my sat scores came back  i made exactly 100 points more  totaling 1700       i feel like a failure    610, 610, 480 "
damn you salgado    
"dude, there's a hobby shop in hinesville! so going to go there for d&d and magic!"
i feel    weird    i've not studied for anything since wisner     damn you salgado!
is it bad if i have better conversations with chinese people on omegle than native english speakers?
"why do many metalcore riffs sound like crappy gothenburg metal riffs? if you're going to copy at the gates or in flames, at least do it well "
it seems that your chances of surviving a serious plane crash are higher than surviving a serious car crash     that's really sad   
tonight     is going to be a rough night    
i'm going out    i'll find something to do 
 surprise       aparently    gas prices aren't anywhere near as high as we think  we're paying effectively less money for gas prices than we did back in the late 70s and early 80s     the reason gas prices seem so high is because inflation has increased so rapidly that it affects us more  wages can't keep up with inflation giving us the illusion of higher gas prices   
the new oprhaned land album is awesome 
life is going to get really interesting this next month   
"your mama's so ugly, fluorine wouldn't bond with her "
"well that sucks, couldn't sleep last night "
let's start a new nuzlocke challenge on fire red!!! let's start with    bulbasaur!!!!
"night, festival tomorrow     "
"got all 1s at festival, probably the 30th person to say it "
"first casualty, a level 10 rattata     poor guy   died to a critical hit from a level 9 pidgey    makes me feel bad because he curb stomped the previous level 9 pidgey "
casualty #2 - zubat level 20 vs 18 charmander rip    i was really looking forward to my crobat 
"my mother bought madyson a piece of shit 1$ recorder  i played it before her, it's so terrible  laugh !"
"awesome, my mother got me a rice cooker "
"     i planned for the day, but not for the night    awkward    so who's doing something tonight?"
i think today was actually a nice and enjoyable day  played and rpg and hanged out with a person 
made myself a damn blackberry milkshake  hells yeah!!!!!
i just thought of something   i'm going to buy stocks and sell it before december 2012! then after 2012 and the stock prices fall i'm going to buy the shit out of everything 
"is it bad if  i support eugenics but would never trust anyone to <propfemale> it out correctly, including myself?"
megacon! leaving for it today and going to it tomorrow 
i'm in <propmale>! fun!
yay! going to megacon!
i've become addicted to wc3 and diablo 2 again   
"lol, when <propfirst> tillis and i wrestle it comes down to how long i last on the ground until i tire out  could be 5 minutes or 5 seconds "
beach      
"awesome, my dad just got a dsi for me     11 41$"
dsi came in today 
