31fb8611afb34f9402c0742bb2aad1ee
missing all my friends in portland!!  sad 
"getting ready for our 4th cookout today  ok i know it's only the 2nd, but will works all weekend, so    happy 4th everyone!!!"
is patiently awaiting the freakin repairman?? hot water heater gone bad  cold showers really aren't all that bad
going to the lake to work on my tan    
"my cousin who was my best friend growing up, died when i was in korea  she was only 19yrs old  her brother my cousin <propfirst> who also had the same skin condition, i haven't seen in 15 + yrs  their last name is romero "
sorry <propmale>  it was kinda crazy when i was there  tried to spend as much time with the childern as possible when i was there  we'll catch each other soon 
"crazy <propfemale> weather here, thunderstorm watch, tornado watch, flash flooding   "
rain for the 5th day in a row!!
flash flood warnings    another day indoors  sad 
"another lazy day on the day  i really should find a job, shouldn't i??? naaaa"
another fun filled day of painting out at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s 
celebrating our 2 yr anniversary! how time flies       
"has the flu!! hate being sick when it's so nice outside, thank you <propfirst> for sharing!! grrrrr"
finally feeling better!!
went tswimming in the lake today   not to many lake days left  sad 
finally completed my resume  let the job hunt begin!!!
another beautiful day in hot springs! the summer has been wonderful  it never gets old playing on the lake 
anyone besides me think there are way toooo many apps  on facebook and someone of you get carried away!! lol
da bears lost!! grrrrr
happy that my chicago bears won yesterday!! da bears!
da bears!! 2-1
"going to nky on thursday to keep up my son, <propfirst>  he's coming to visit for awhile!! woooohooooo!"
celebrated my son <propfirst>'s birthday last night  he turned 18!! one of us are getting old        
long trip back to nky tomorrow
back home safe and sound  fighting a cold though   grrrrrrr
headed to little rock tomorrow to see the gossip in concert!!
going crazy trying to find a job!!
is waiting on a call about a job ( keeping my fingers crossed)!!
back to portland i go!! looking forward to seeing all my wonderful friends there once again! the extended stay accepts cats  very happy about that!! reporting for work on the 30th  we have to get packed and moved in a week   agggghhhhhh
"3 days to get it all packed!! loading the truck on wednesday, taking off on thursday!! happy thanksgiving!! busy, busy, busy!!"
"had a great time meeting my old friends on saturday night  thanx <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>  looking forward to a funday sunday soon   "
off to work     love working nights!!!
thanks all for the wonderful birthday wishes! celebrated a little last night  it was an interesting first night back in downtown portland  thanks <propmale> for joining us  
guess i'm finally back online!!
"ahhh, portland and rain    i've missed it so  not!!"
finally got out to wash and clean the car!! of course it had to rain before i got back home! i love portland!!!
i was walking through the <propmale> when suddenly    
went dancing at embers last night   had a great time    love to dance   dance   dance
can't sleep     it's gonna be a long night     
"<propmale> =  a total studgod, masterful in every way  great  <propmale> and ruler, loved by women and adored by children, envied by men for  being so awesome and wealthy and having a big unit and balls of steel  i hope when i grow up i can be a <propmale>  they all bowed down to his great <propmale>ness and kissed his butt  the baseball <propfemale> was a real <propmale>  the women dream of being with <propmale> "
lazy saturday mornin'      enjoying my coffee
go indy!!!!!
yea saints!! whatever!!!!!
home early   now what am i suppose to do????
laundry day    fun fun fun!!
loving the crab bowl
<propfemale> and 60 in portland  early spring i hope    did i mention that it's <propfemale> here??
went to lunch in hood river at full sail  great lunch and a beautiful day with my swettie  smile 
blah! blah! blaaaah! wah! wah! wah! waaaaaaaah! blah! blah! blaaaaaah!!!!
looking forward to the weekend and the adventures that await     
i love fridays and guess jeans!!!!
what a crazy day! i'm blaming it on the full <propfemale> 
long 12 hr day   i'm tired!
"i love my job and the people i work with! yes you, you know who you are  smile "
"had to much fun last night celebrating with will! hangover, ugh  sad "
just got back from saturday market     beautiful day to watch all the colorful people of portland   
you don't always get what you want      
"today's game - middle name  only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what  your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your  profile, then post your middle name "
some people will just never grow up!!!! myself included  smile 
headed to the roller derby!
actions speak louder than words     
we got kicked out of pioneer square for smoking by some 15 yr old looking rent a cop     grrrr portland!!!
blah blah blah    just one of those days
what a beautiful portland afternoon!!
just got through planting flowers     what a beautiful sunshining day!!
another <propfemale> afternoon    thank you <propfemale> for going home  smile 
i'm just saying      
"let the weekend begin !! ( with doing laundry of course   grrr ), but after that, it's on "
"just bought our lady gaga tickets for august concert, floor level, 23rd row "
i'm a free bitch baby!!
"$1 00 drinks and $1 00 shots are good for the wallet, but not so good for the head    had a fun night of dancing "
i quit!!! (smoking that is)
"had a horrible dining e playful erience at applebees this afternoon  it wasn't our first choice, but we ended up there  never again!!"
"we just got back from watching \alice in wonderland\"" in 3-d  amazing!! great movie!"""
headed to the coast for the weekend!! thanks <propfemale>
is looking forward to the weekend and some warmer weather?? i hope!!
i love fridays!!
optimistic about new opportunties    
i guess i found out the hard way who i can put trust in   
"so, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce,  and <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time  <propfirst>  <propfirst> and tiger woods are, well    you know    even newt gingrich is on  his 3rd marriage  yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to  destroy the institution of marriage? really?!? feel free to copy and  paste if you agree!"
we just enjoyed a nice late lunch in edgefield 
will just served the governor of oregon  dinner   crazy   e playful lains all the police    
finally got the phonecall i've been waiting for      yeah me!! i didn't fall alseep today!!
dressed to impress   contained nervousness
all i'm going to say is it went well    if you ask that is going to be my standard response   so don't ask!!
off to purchase a new flatscreen tv for the bedroom   
very stressful 45 mins on the phone    my head hurts  sad 
"today you \may have to engage in some manipulation,even secretive activities, \in order to produce the desired outcome, but it is for a \good cause,  the results will be something you can be proud of  your \actions will not only gain someone's approval but possibly their praise \or applause as well  as long as you have a solid plan and the support of\ those who won't betray your confidence, things will go smoothly "
happy mother's day to all you wonderful mom's    
long afternoon of laundry    grrr
soooooo glad it's friday!!
rain rain go away!! take the cold weather with you!!
rut ro raggy
"i am not the smartest perosn in the world  i find it incredibly difficult that people do not see what is right in front of them  even worse, they see it, yet choose to ignore it!!"
yeah friday!!!!!!!
just back from the <propfemale> festival     spinning rides are bad!!!!
wtg blackhawks!!!!!
"mid june, 2 days of sunshine this month, high of only 61 today   i'm dying here~~~"
working saturdays   ugh!!!! (at least it's over)
"loved the naked bicyclist going down broadway, but didn't see <propfirst>         smile "
"a few of my favorite things:  will, fridays and sunshine   smile "
"just had a wonderful shopping e playful erience at nordstrom rack    bought a diesel jacket, original price $700 00, we walked out of the store with it for only $113 00, deal of the century  followed by a great lunch at claim jumper's   great afternoon"
ahhhhhh friiiiiiday      
"long day at work, followed by a long commute home ( <propfirst>'s biden's motorcade had traffic stopped on both my routes home), then i almost get hit twice because people in portland do not understand the concept of merging, the icing on the cake  i stopped to pick up lunch on the way home, got home only to find out they didn't put my sandwich in the bag   ugh"
grammer police <propfemale> or the grammar police??? hehe
what a beautiful saturday morning    
spent a beautiful afternoon out at rooster rock with will      
"well it happened as i knew it would, today july 17th 2010  i was driving on west i84 at the split between portland and the airport, when all of a sudden,  my new bestest friend <propfemale> decided she would merge her car into mine  luckily my great driving skills took over and no one was hurt, we exchanged info and drove on our <propfemale> little ways     "
"went to see toy story 3 in 3d last night, it was good     note: probably not a good idea to have 4 drinks prior to seeing 3d movies    lol"
is not a happy camper  sad 
ho hum
insurance company totalled out my car   not sure how i feel about this yet  i really loved my car  sad 
had fun meeting <propmale>'s posse tonight      now off to work       ugh
"the car is going to be paid off, i'm getting it back and still get some cash in my pocket   it just won't look as pretty as before     overall a good outcome i think "
busy morning ahead   lots of errands
lunch at cheesecake factory   not all that impressed    did get our errands done though
getting ready for our jet boat cruise to astoria      
"my love, everybody wants someone to love and everybody wants to be loved, thanks for being that special someone for me   happy anniversary"
car paid off   no more car payments    woohoo!!
"finally bit the bullet and got us both new eyeglasses    10 days until our new specs   excited and broke     damn the insurance, or lack thereof!!!"
just completed our shopping trip for the concert tomorrow   gaga!!
ooo la ooo la la
amazing concert!! details when i see everyone  
what a beautiful sunshinny day    
off to see <propfemale> cho shortly   ( if the women would ever get here!! )
off to play a round or two of disc golfout at rooster rock
no car payment = new ps3 system (320gig) with the new move camera   just arrived as we were discussing that it should ship today    woohoo
why soooo difficult?
da bears!! 2-0
"will got our ps3 system up and running   i have to leave for work soon, just enough time to beat him <propfemale> quick game of <propfemale> pong    "
what a beautiful spring day    too bad it's already fall   grrr
lovin' the ps3 move games    addicting
let's go bears!! kick some packer a$$!!
da bears!! 3-0   (thanks pack for giving us one)        
go bears!!
very tired   hoping my phone call goes well at noon     
driving in ne portland s***s
rainy laundry day     
"da bears!! 4-1  (wtg redskins, way to take down the pack!!)"
"my hands are sore, my knees are sore, my back is sore    someone should've kicked me in my ass when i said i knew how to run a buffer!! off to take a hot bath and then sleep, just to get up and do it again     ugh"
"i have been driving for over 30 years, have had 7 different drivers license's for 7 states (including the state of oregon) and i fail the drivers exam today    grrrrrrr!!"
"i now have an oregon license!! when i questioned the $60 00 fee, i was told that oregon has the 6th best roads in the nation  to bad that doesn't apply to the drivers, nor the road way system itself   i'm guessing my $60 00 license will have gold trim on it when it arrives,,,"
just watched schindler's list     incredibly powerful movie
"today was a good day, i'll find out on wednesday if it was a great day!!"
let the fun begin!!!
oh well   guess i have to keep trying   
now the homeless want to get combative when you don't give them a cigarette    outrageous!!    ahh portland
#24!!
"how can you call yourselves fans, when all you do is want to trash talk the bears??"
cubs suck now!!
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
"silly me, i thought portlanders knew how to drive in the rain    my bad   "
bears and bengals on tv   it's a good morning
"ahh work, after walking into somewhat of a train wreck and 2 temps not showing up, <propfemale> and i pulled out of the mess and had a really good night   we'll see what tonight holds     "
uneventful ride home   yea!!
"happy thanksgiving to all my family, friends and fb buddies   "
it really isn't that difficult to produce a mug!!!! uggghhhhh
what a lovely sunday afternoon     
bears 9-3!!
what a wonderful rainy morning   
i love my friends   thank you <propmale> and <propfemale> for making me feel great!!
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes!! i'm smiling from ear to ear  i had a wonderful day yesterday and am looking forward to another great year!!
"okay, i know i'm suppose to let it go and not bring it home, but, this is by far the worst work day i've had in a year!! so glad it's over     "
"wow, a trip to the post office, ikea, auto zone, <propfirst> meyer, 7 11 and then arbys for lunch    all in under 4 hrs   we rock!!"
holiday wishes to all my family and friends    may you find joy and happiness in spending time with your loved ones   merry christmas to all!
purging is good    
is just a bundle of excitement   my son arrives wednesday afternoon!!
damn the delayed flights     <propfirst> is now 3 hrs behind schedule and still not on the 1st flight   grrr
"fun night of beating the boys playing ps3     if i can get them up and moving, we'll be heading to seattle soon    "
good game bears!! now bring on the packers!!
saddened by my sons departure   it was a wonderful week!!
go bears!!
time to go shopping with our christmas gift cards    
ugh!! thanks for the good year bears!! 1 game short  
3 day weekend
"packers and steelers, who cares    game is going to suck"
"ohh sunshine, how i've missed you    "
lightly snowing in the sw    
"taxes complete   fed refund $199 00, or tax due 156 00, it's a wash  i'm happy!!"
lovin' me some mocha doodle
"looks like we're moving, end of month   guess portland is stuck with us for another year!!"
maybe today i will climb a tree   
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 7th- 13th, 2011, please put this in your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  i know my friends will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  do it in honor of those fighting ms! ?"
"we just got the keys to our new place   now if we could just get each of our fb friends to come by and take over a carload, we won't have to get a truck!! call and i will give you your scheduled pickup time  thanks in advance  smile "
moving is fun!!
"okay, so i lied  moving is not fun! it's hard work! we did have a very successful day getting a lot accomplished  "
4 more carloads of stuff to the new place   t
nap time over   time to get moving    will be over soon (please be over soon!)
no internet for 24 hrs!!omg!! see you tomorrow fb
so we just got done cleaning the old apt  have the walkthrough  tomorrow and then i want my money back!!
"video poker is good, okaaaay!!"
"okay, so who saw me on the fox12 news this morning???"
