d2a9f523231d3acad29842aa0286e723
"i had a good new years, was awake yet again for it  there isn't really a point to stay up for it, but i'm already awake, so might as well point it out for tradition's sake "
my dad's plane arrives home tomorrow  laugh 
i'm getting the 4th wall of my room very soon  laugh 
"i got a new labtop  laugh  the power plug in the back needs to be replaced, but other than that there isn't anything wrong with it "
"one more final left, so close to vacation i'm almost there  wink "
"finished my finals, now i'm on break!  laugh "
got a new toshiba laptop  laugh 
i've had 3 of my 5 classes so far; good teachers from my 1st impression  i know several classmates from previous classes associations and more that i met in the halls or lunchroom   smile 
power at my house is out  i'm in class atm  smile 
spring break!
"dentist appointment this afternoon & i've been awake since 10 pm last night  probably fall asleep after, or during, but not before "
listening to mechanical animals-cd on my xbox
  profile pic @ auxillary 'til next new
"rest in peace: doctor <propfirst> <propfirst> roberts - an inventor of the computer, an engineer, entrepreneur and medical doctor  august 23, 1941 - april 1, 2010"
listening to angelspit on playlist com
listening to pink <propmale>'s the wall-cd
mah legs feel leik jelly  laugh 
still listening to pink <propmale>'s the wall-cd
let's see who is paying  attention      every  single one of you are on my friend list as a result  of a conscious  decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but  also as  family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays           attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be   watching to see who responds
listening to rammsteins' liebe ist für alle da-cd via xbox
facebook fumbled the music section of my profile to include anything & everything that i had clicked on that had to do w  music  wtf!!!
"currently listening to: \kapittel iv\"" by malmhríð"""
listening to scream of the butterfly - acid bath
"rearranging my room, finding lots of stuff  smile "
"forgotten in his reich of shadows\banned forever, one thought\the lord of evil was given name and place\of the seventh sea, shelter of the seventh key\who was betraying us? i guess you know\there would be more than one name to name"
rammstein - liebe ist für alle da cd-on my xbox
got my internet back  laugh 
"there is enough religious freedom in this country without building a site of worship(for any religion) at a former disaster zone  we don't just let anyone with a deep pocket build statues in the center of town; why do they need 31, instead of 30 mosques in new york? they don't "
"what thing can you learn without knowing and also, know without learning?"
sine sine cosine sine 3 14159!!!
"<propfemale> xmas!!!\and- happy non-denominational gift giving season!!!"
xmas yankee swap gift-getting strategy: go for the liquor  even if you don't want the kind you get(or aren't old enough) you can swap it for one of the good already opened gifts and that person isn't sore because they got the thermal socks or lawn decoration you didn't want 
"what you don't understand, is that you don't understand  smile   indecision "
"you are what you eat, so you don't want to be a vegetable? then eat some meat!"
