f38e55b7982cd10405c7c577021b0311
happy new year!
failing math and passing english with a c  parents are gonna freak  playful 
why do i get yelled at for the littlest things? am i really supposed to be perfect and noone's told me?
"still failing math, but i got it up from a 49 to a 53! that deserves something right?"
"<propmale> zimmer, klaus baudelt, and ilan eshkeri are my drug dealers  their music is my heroine   "
grawr   i dun wanna go to school    playful 
"i'm still alive but i'm barely breathing, just prayed to a god that i don't believe in, 'cause i got time while she got freedom, 'cause when a heart breaks no it don't break even   "
going to canada  brb
i found instructions on how to make sealand's hat!  smile 
"working on mural, eating toast, listening to disney music  smile "
hey! guesss what? chocolate on paper? it doesn't erase - -
holy shitake mushrooms a church collapsed! d:
the church that fell down fell down due to water damage  mom works for the city and has connections  love 
i can have little <propfemale> pigtails!  laugh 
seeing despicable me finally!  smile  i love my dad who loves kids movies as much as i do 
we're going to steal-pause for effect-the <propfemale>!
washington dc tomorrow! won't be back untill friday!
so  i come back  and all my notifications? so-and-so commented on a picture of you  what  the  frick 
oh my gosh i just found out that you can delete posts on the home <propfemale>!  laugh 
"toy story fanfiction, best thing for a good sob "
best thing about my computer being wiped? my solitaire score was reset  i now have 100% winning status   laugh 
"i just realized that if i talk to my brother while he's playing xbox, it's about a facebook <propfemale> i found "
just read a webcomic  mind has been fucked ten times over  o o
ok who the heck is <propfirst> hughey and <propfirst> schamp?! d:<
"sit back, new york city, you're not cute but you're oh so pretty when the rain comes, you fall up again "
copy this to yourstatus to see what people like about you -1  lips        2  eyes       3  face      4  body     5  smile      6  personality   7  humor     8  style       9  hair        10    everything
"i need to know what the heck that song was that mony sent me! but she's at marching band  and so is <propfirst>, and i know she sent it to him too  d:"
mural is all done! pjs for a job well done? i think so!  laugh 
squid launcher! oh yeah!
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what weall want -- to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week  this is in honor of all the kids"
got my schedule! might post it later   
"now i know where i get my sarcasm, and my reflexes from  my mom  she dropped something and then courtsied   love "
going to high school w  brother for freshman orientation  putting almost all of my school supplies in my locker  backpack packed to ripping point? yes 
"so, couldn't put shtoof in my locker  have to lug it all back on the first day   playful "
i'm definitely not going to the beach at 1 smile 0 today  and i definitely won't lay on the beach and enjoy the sand  and definitely won't have tons and tons of fun   wink 
gay? exactly 
"one man's trash is another girl's new easil  smile  in other news, got punched in the face by my brother at 7 smile 0 this morning  never knew making out with ice was so   cold "
oh my god this <propmale> n' cheese is so cheesy!  laugh 
shanked with a toothbrush? it can happen 
"ohs football, loosing 50 to nothing  i wish i went to hannibal   "
i feel like i got hit by a train  and then it came back and ran over me again  d:
"hey guys, guess what, it's raining!"
such a freaking clutz >3<
"school was good  i like all my teachers  my chem teacher blew something up in a guy's hand, and my math teacher is legally insane  i think it'll be a good year   wink "
"dear mony, no i am not ditching you for a second time at church  this is the second time i have gotten up and gotten all ready, then had my dad come in and tell me to go back to sleep  please no not kill me for i value my life and stuff \in other news, sorry em, don't think i'mma make it to your party  my dad's not feeling wonderful   love "
mm   tomato soup and rootbeer  how much is my stomach going to hate me later?
what would my parents say if i said i wanted play time woddy for my birthday?
why is it so freaking cold! d:
"sneezy, achey, tired, and craving ice cream   annoyed "
"just saw a comercial with an owl  immediately thought \harry potter!\"" no  guardians of somethingorother  completely dissappointed  d:"""
listening to seasons of love to get in the mood for an <propmale> project contest   smile 
18 or older  is 15 above 18? 'cause then i could totally enter in that contest  - -
i just got a coke zero at the gas station  raise the roof 
saw easy a  fantastic movie  mony poured water down my back  damn your ice water! d:
"sunset sailing on april skies, blood-shot fireclouds in her eyes, i can't say what i might believe, but if god made you he's in love with me "
"now that i just sneezed my brain out, let's try to get some homework done   playful "
"dentist, then school  sorry for missing the 1st 2 1 2 periods  my teeth are more important than english health and half of us history i guess   playful "
"good luck to the people in the pageant tonight! hopefully the weather will hold up \in other news, hannibal lost against phoenix  i blame the stupid vevuzelas there  yes  they had 'em  it was worse than the world cup  even though there were only 2  d:"
converse don't make good rain shoes  and water makes slightly loose jeans slide down off your butt  d:
birthday shopping?
gramma and aunt <propfemale> are up for birfday extravaganza  pun-kin fest tomorrow! come see the dogood swing band!  laugh 
"so, because this week's screwed up, we did my birthday at my mom's tonight  i got a car, new <propmale> supplies, and found my true love  the car? a red toy vw beetle  <propmale> supplies? 3-d chalk  true love? woody the cowboy \and before anyone else can say it; punch bug!"
i like it in the closet  wink 
guess what i'll be doing for the rest of the day?! coloring my new toy story 3 coloring book!  laugh 
my frenchteacher totally just called my house and sang happy birthday to me  in french  i love her   laugh 
making a card and trying to take road tests online   annoyed 
four frightened gypsies slid silently under   try saying that 5 times fast   laugh 
almost just fell of a chair trying to water my spider plant  need a better source of height   playful 
how is it i can feel super tom-boyish after a chick flick?
"scarred for life from truth or dare, and need a car <propmale>  italian job is ago!"
"i don't know what's worse  watching icarly, or being able to sing the theme song perfectly   surprise "
"i was playing with my play-time woody, and took off his hat  he said something about it, then i put it back on  nothing  i pull his string and he didn't say anythinga bout the hat being back  i kissed his nose  nothing  i kissed his lips  \well thank you kindly!\""  surprise """
"you're the best starer i've ever stared at!\staring contest? i thought it was a blinking contest and i was loosing "
"1 in 10 people born are gay  that means 1 of 10 people are instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority and so much more, all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better and   you respect them for who they are, copy and paste this into your status  most won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will "
november 2nd! toy story 3!
"y'know, she coulda been with an atm, someone who has money, but no! she chose you!"
just got my permit! and drove through 3 parking spots  straight  and stalled the car  5 times   smile 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this 
i don't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka!    and besides there's kids in that park 
i've come for your pickle!
just drove around the circle 3 times and didn't die! yay!
"i know you, i walked with you once upon a dream, i know you the gleam in your eyes is so familiar a gleam, and i know it's true, that visions are seldom all they seem, but if i know you, i know what you'll do! you'll love me at once, the way you did once upon a dream   "
first glee song to go on my ipod? teenage dream by <propmale> criss   smile 
"owl, skeleton, or candy   sounds like halloween all over again!"
"people! i need help!\skeleton, <propfemale>, or owl  choose one and post it as a comment  thanks much!"
"really wish i coulda slept that extra hour  also, i'm fairly sure i'm destined to fail at life   love "
"let's gather 'round the campfire and sing our campfire song  our c-a-m-p-f-i-r-e-s-o-n-g song, and if you don't think that we can sing it faster than you're wrong, but it'll help if you just sing, along   bum bum bum!"
i'm running away with the gypsies!
yummay drinkin' chokit! too much sugar first thing in the morning? never   love 
"<propfirst> weasley! how dare you steal that car! i am absolutely disgusted! your father is facing an inquirey at work and it's entire your fault  if you put another toe out of line we will bring you straight home  oh, and <propfemale> dear, congradulations on making gryiffindor, your father and i are so proud "
ow   
just finished my poster for french  go rainbow backgrounds!  laugh 
"dad: mrowwwwwrowwwwwrowwww   \me: are you making weird noises at my cat?"
"totally have a <propmale> now  like, legit   laugh "
"to anyone having anything to do with the play tonight-including techies, parents, and strong supporters-break a leg!"
i'm always mad at him  > sad 
i seriously need a life  playful 
yay snow  and christmas songs  i can't wait 'til december!  laugh 
"i meant her, your dream stinks "
i'mma need a huge eraser   surprise 
i've got dreams like you-no really! they're just much less   touchy-feely 
giant  3-d  chalk  i'm soooo happy right now   laugh 
forget that  we're closed  hell yes  ^u^
"3 different statuses in a row? oh well \who says i should give mr  crist a thank-you note? signed-all the teenagers in oswego "
"so, about 10 minutes until school starts, and 3 hours until i leave for pennsylvania!  laugh  gonna be gone 'til sunday, then hoping to beat the storm coming in! have fun at school!"
"woke up at 3, couldn't get back to sleep, feel like crap and i have a puffy eye  going shopping later, and missing out on getting the tree at my dad's-again  happy friday "
"so, saturday as i was coming back from the mall, this guy passed us  but it wasn't just any guy  it was <propfemale>  i flipped out, and he saw me and waved   smile  christmas countdown! 5 more days!"
3 more days!  laugh 
"grawr, friday can't come fast enough! we aren't doing anything tomorrow! we can just skip it right mr  crist?"
well this is a dissappointment 
happy christmas <propfemale>! i nearly ripped my arm from it's socket this morning! yay falling down stairs! listening to celtic christmas music and waiting to go to my dad's 
i'm a wizard!  smile  happy christmas everyone!  love 
feety pajamaaaaas!
just drove from my mom's to my dad's   laugh 
2 hour delay! and the plow still hasn't even gone down my street yet  oh well!
"i'm <propmale> delacey, geosepe <propfirst>, <propfirst> o'malley, o'malley the alley cat "
yoohoo totally makes my day so much better  now all i need is to keep some body heat and get my everest-sized pile of homework done!  laugh 
"i kinda want someone to hack my facebook <propfemale>, just so i can say it's been nuked "
so aim died  what does everyone do? go to facebook! next best thing right?
rainbow pancakes for breakfast!  laugh 
i love having a dad as a health teacher   smile 
"my eyes! my eyes! <propfirst> bieber's movie! my eyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees! d,:"
my night is made  just saw a midget elbow a guy in the crotch because of a short joke he made   laugh 
cool! mine's shaped like a dead guy!  laugh 
"wow, this is so depressing  my dad has more facebook friends than i do  d:"
my little gobs of heaven are done!
suh-nooooooooow day!  smile 
you're bootiful chucker-fly!
there are people in my house  i wanted quiet  d:<
buzz  the monkeys aren't working  d:
"despite you trying to terminate me, revenge is not something we promote on my planet  but we aren't on my planet, aren't we?"
don't you get it?! don't you see the hat?! i'm mrs  nes-bit!
how shall she die? shark? or death by monkeys?! oo surprise oo-ee-ee!
"i'm packing you extra shoes, and your angry eyes, just in case!\((are these getting anoying yet?))"
i know how to defeat zurg! *puts arm down* you do? c'mon! i'll tell you on the way!
"i'm really proud of myself  when i heard we had a 2 hour delay, i immediately went back to bed  nothing but sleeeeeeeeep went through my head  smile "
"i love how my outfit is more geared toward gym today and dying of heat in french, than it is to keep me from saying \it's so freaking cold!\"" right now """
musical was great! woke up with oom-pah-pah stuck in my head   smile 
"dear dentist lady,\i'm sorry you're single on yet another <propfirst>'s day but that is no reason to shove the little mirror into my mouth so hard i think i might have bruises, and to poke my cheeks with the wires  get a tub of icecream and watch movies all night to get rid of your angst  don't take it out on your patients \sincerly, me "
take that hater of muffins and sunshine!
i suddenly want to re-arrange my room   laugh 
"ok, just had a conversation with some girl that randomly got my number from somone  *shrugs* guess her friend <propmale> with have some e playful laining to do "
gots a skype  smile  and my eyetoy is working wonderfuly  smile 
"just had to e playful lain the yinyang to someone  despite it being a little-known-fact, i still think this person is dumber than a box of rocks "
going to <propfemale> w  <propfemale> soyke <propmale> and bother <propmale> <propmale>  laugh 
i have a spongebob box   laugh 
12 smile 4~
"while out in syracuse, i saw the fagbug  smile "
hooray half day tomorrow! gonna go <propfemale> with <propfemale> <propmale> then off to <propfemale> <propmale>'s play!  smile 
100 8 degrees  i'm staying home  gonna go curl up in a ball and hope the world stops spinning 
"so, i havn't been on fb in a week or two  and guess what? nothing happened  just thought you all should know "
oh i just can't wait to be king~
ingonyama negw' enambala~ hooray for the lion <propmale> cd for having lyrics!  laugh 
"yay going home sick! though, it's probably a sinus infection  either way, i'm home  loud noises suck btw   sad "
