fc2560a70990bb33e34bf639c815acfd
had a good fuckin night
just joined facebook 
hopefully heading out to yc thursday for my best friends birthday 
"going to yc tomorrow,and getting everything from the college!"
"drained, adn my voice is gone  but i had fun in yc"
feels like shit 
"starts school tomorrow, still sick, i need to feel better by morning!"
one more hour of class and i'm going home! tired
class just started 
"in class,im out at 4 surprise 0! going back to the manors tonight "
"20 minutes of class,thank god its thursday! no school till monday smile "
"irritated,school is making me soooo mad  i'm looking into different ones now "
"life is not about how many time you fall down, but how many times you pick yourself up!"
a pear a day is what i say    smile 
"i'm feeling a little more bi-polar then usual today  <propmale> marley and his three little birds helped me out for a minute damn i love that song  got dressed  haha i dont do that often going to help aunt <propfemale> with her house today  maybe being around someone who gives me support and good advice will help  lots on my mind, but i'm not gonna let anything ruin a nice day like today  gonna push foward as always "
"yes, i would love to dissapear  any suggestions???"
"this job, seems fishy    haha but $20 hr seems so nice\ smile  to be or not to be ms nanny"
"going out tonight, maybe i can t out of this funk i've been in "
"is changing my relationship status to \out of order\"" """
heading to work! <propfemale> is coming over tonight smile 
"i feel like shit today, uhhh"
why is it that i find my mothers comments on everyones status on facebook  i think my mom is a comment whore smile 
"making an appointment at d m v, going to be on the phone for a while "
"lori\s pregnant!!!!!!"""
new pixxx upp
found hella people from my freshman year!!! lol damn <propfemale> got everyone on her <propfemale>!
"if you asked me a year ago,if i thought my life would have turned out the way it is, i would have said hell no "
bitch aint got nothing on me  haha i'm one of a kind 
hello facebook!
"i finally realize and am going to have to accept the fact that my life is incapable of being like a normal human beings  not saying what is normal or not  but my life is so fucking weird, things happen and people come and go but its not the average "
super stoked to get my truck today smile 
it just doesnt get easier 
going to woodlanad tonight 
"my bestfriend, my boyfriend and the keys to my truck  i'm doing good"
"tired, alwyas tired"
already missing my baby    
finally getting around to the all the phone call errands i've needed to to for so long   (well trying to)!!!
"mom, thanks so much for forgetting the ambien sad  its cool not like i won't be a tweaker tomorrow too "
no work for a few days  sick and now my voice is shot 
"@ home still sick, but i kinda got my voice back "
ahhhhhh
hottie tottie   
he just wasnt the one  ya know  i'm gonna miss him but it was for the best 
i thouht i didn't care and now i do more then i thought sad 
"chillin in <propfemale>, house to myself  smile  xanex and marijuana   good shit  wink "
"i miss    \lists a whole lot of shit here\"" and                                      """
gonna take my sister to get a b-day present  kickin at my dads tonight 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you \say to me? leave a comment, then copy and paste this in your status and \see what funny things your friends say   (and if you make a comment,you \have to put this in your status  fair is fair )"
i think im gonna go gay 
"so, i forgot to logout of facebook earlier and left my dads house and the gay thing on my laswt post was his doing  what a fag "
nobody's home 
"okay, got a p o s phone till i can get a new one  phone will be back on later today"
"so got a better phone now, but lost all my <propfirst>!"
"maybe there's a shark in the water, theres something underneath my bed  i caught them barking at the <propfemale> "
"stupid bank accounts, i'm closing mine  money hungry bastards"
"you dare tell me who to me,you are not me  who made you <propmale> of anything  all my life i've tried to make everybody happy while i just hurt inside waiting for someone to tell me its my turn to decide  dodo dadi do da"
"happy to be getting our place on saturday, as of right now thats the only thing to be happy about "
the world is such a joke 
so my faggot father deleted me off facebook  ha i predicted this  someone is doing something they should'nt be doing  but go ahead try to full the world but your not fooling me 
"1  go to google maps  2  click on directions  3  write new york, ny as \start destination  4  write <propfemale> as end destination  5  go to number 31\in the directions  6  when you have finished laughing, post this in \your status       omg it was so funny "
goodnight! going to my little place of peace in dreamland!
at home relaxing by the xmas tree
"omg sister of mine,put some clothes on!"
now i really cant sleep sis
ha
oh my lord please stop the madness that is keeping me awake
in yuba! wondering why she just said she is physically attracted to gay men her age 
"i have fucking feelings, since no one has noticed i'm human too but apparently i'm just a girl standing here to fill some space  i have yet to blow up because i have been through alot this year and i've reached my limit "
i have the best friends and tiff needs to get her ass back
whoa <propmale>
"going home, gonna get out of these work clothes and relax "
i dont have to listen now or live this day down if i can't feel a thing
made it home from work! tired
three days off and i am so happy to be able to relax 
looking within thy self to find inner peace and overcome my personal journey!
i think <propfirst> is gonna whoop my ass at scrabble
going to a christmas party with my family  should be interesting 
"dear mr president,what do you feel when you see all the homeless on the streets, what do you feel when you look in the mirrior, are you proud?  how do you sleep at nite when the rest of us cry? i can only imagine what the first lady has to say "
<propfemale> christmas!
not feeling well but i have to go to work anyways! excited for the new year to start cant believe its already gonna be 2011
"in 2010 everything changed, can't wait to see what those changes have in store 4 2011  gonna welcome the new year with a bang!"
"awake, refreshed and ready for the day!!"
oh <propmale>
writing a letter
"good morning wednesday, todays plans are to take my mom to the e r!!!!"
"what a long morning, now i'm off to cash my check and pay bills  yay! then i'm taking a fuckin nap "
"oh thursday , today you have brought me boredom and fog! thanks"
i just had to open my mouth and sound like a babbling idiot! good job <propfemale>!
meditating on your inner wisdom really calms you!
meditation really helps the mind
i believe we can learn allot about ourselves through gods creatures!
i thought of so many things to write as a status but i couldnt decide so im going with this
"yesturday is gone, and tomorrows not here all we have is today! so live it"
going to pick up tiffers @ the airport tomorrow!
today is such a pretty day!!
going to pick up <propfemale> at the airport!! super excited 
"to be or not to be, that is the question?"
maybe im just not good enough!
it was so much fun being with all my girls again! it felt really good to let loose and be stress free smile 
"yeah, i'm thinking its bullshit i had to leave my own house because my grandma can't shut the fuck up  no comments needed "
im jus gonna give up now
what a long day
if only you knew!
smoke a lil smoke!
gotta go home and get ready for work 
so never again will i land myself here 4 this reason
so glad to be home and not in that damn hospital roomin with all the crazies 
"so tired,would love to be in my comfy bed"
on mah way to work 
tired of this damn city!
killer headache!
i have no regrets in life    just lessons very well learned!  smile 
have to take <propfemale> to the air port so she can go back to tennessee! then work @ 5!! what a super funn day yay annoyed 
today fuckin sucked!
this was a super interesting night!
"if you fear it, you'll create it by overreacting to it!"
being away from home for a few days  totally stress free is just what the doctor ordered! im feeling much better and almost ready 2 go back home!
neone awake text me 916 470 2595
"gah,i feel sick"
hating sacramento! i miss my friends
"where am i, and why is it so dark down here?"
hopefully i will make it to live oak tomorrow to pick up my lil mama! i miss the bff
theres gotta be more to life than this!
isnt anyone tryin to find me wont somebody come take me home
what an interesting life i live!
fml
i only have one life to live!
today im gonna dance!
"maybe its time to change and leave this all behind, ive never been one to walk alone ive always been scared to try!"
"i'm strong, young, and hopeful! lifes gonna take me places!"
well were gonna be out of our apartment by the end of this month and then i'm off to tennessee!
stoked
"well packed all the stuff im not taking with me, i really hope i can fit all the stuff im keeping in my luggage! and i can't sleep wtf"
fuck my life!
nothing to do till i leave to tn  had to quit my job becuz my mom got into an accident in my truck! sumone txt me 916 470 2595
there were four barriers holding california to the rest of the united states now there is only one barrier left  that means california is going to fall into the ocean!
"new phone number,so msg me if you want it!"
well im leaving the 28th and i cant wait to get away from all the bullshit!
ready for bed goodnight to all!
oh how the world turns
ready for bed so much 2 do tomorrow! goodnight
"i feel so much better just being out og that complex, cant wait till monday"
today is going to be a good day!!
so were stuck on the side of a freeway exit! life is never dull
on our way with the panty hose to the stranded car  been on this mission like three hours  
it was really nice to see my lil sisters today! now time to reeellllaaaaxxxx
playing boxers or briefs with the aunt and <propfirst>! gooood times
leaving tomorrow night!! ready for the next step in my life 
"what a weird dream i had last night,then woke up to mother nature and off to the airport tonight!"
"i'm here for a reason, i'm gonna find that reason! just not in california  lol tennessee here i come!!!!!"
"heading to the airport soon, next time i will be on here, i'm gonna be living in tennessee!!!!!!  smile ))"
i don't feel good today!  sad 
"tired, not feeling to good today  however i put up some pix of my new home!!!"
at a wrestling match with tiff and the neighbors!!!
"not feeling to good, still got a cough and chest pains  on a good note: went to a local knoxville wrestling match and had some fuun and then came bak and kicked it with the neighbors with <propfemale> and tiff "
this weather is bi-polar 
this cough is getting on my nerves 
