464b52809319df9e3d29766f38fd38f1
whats a pirate minus his ship? just a creative homeless guy
"to sleep, perchance to dream"
seem to have lost my mojo
"fear the hair, pittsburgh rips <propmale> a new breathing hole 41-9, and locks up the bye  the steel curtain is descending, is your team next?"
love the fact that we basically have nothing more to do in school
tonight is the culmination of 8 years in moline instumental programs might cry when <propmale> conducts us for the last time     favorite memory when he conducted <propfemale> wars with a lightsaber you could hear it turn on in the recording    awesome gonna miss him all the seniors in band and evryone else in band too
"the band concert was great <propmale> looked amazing im gonna miss <propmale> conducting and playing with you guys, good luck next year juniors and underclassmen"
i hate stupid people    why are you here go over there    yes there just stand there and look like you're sorry
i love the feeling of logging and seeing a red flag with a large number on it    and watching <propfirst> white not that i do that of course     really i dont
this is my last choir concert here choir has been one of the few places i truly felt good over the years thanks to everyone for that
how can it be time for the banquet already???? this year has flown by im not ready to leave yet
"orchestra concert: practice: 10 hours, getting ready for the performance: 45 mins, getting to get my cookies before the orchestra: priceless"
attention seniors: if anyone wants to crash at my place after project grad please let me know    i must start begging my dad now    that is all plz return to your knitting
"no more marching band, no more choir concerts, band concerts, choir solos, <propmale> conducting, choir pops concerts  now i know why they call it the best years of your life"
typing is so hard with nine fingers
ncis tonight   i hate work sometimes
"13 years in the moline school system has finally come to a culmination and end  thanks to all the teachers and students, the seniors moving on, and the juniors and underclassmen still working "
schoooools     out      for   summer buh da buh da buh da schoooooools out forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"how strange that a completely meaningless movement right to left, can so symbolically meaningfull  the end of the old the start of the new "
"since i cant sign in cursive online i guess my signature has become \lol\"""""
thank you weather for giving me the gift of a perfect day for a grad party! now all i need is for everyone to show up    if u dont me and mother nature are coming to find you 
kyra: im gettin the door!!!!!!! *whisper* do i have food poisoning?
"thinks that when you walk into the doctors office, instead of a <propfemale> going off when you open the door, they should play down with the sickness by disturbed, \can you feel it?\"""""
"iowa city: hawks hat: $20, iowa sweatpants: $30, iowa shorts: $40, helping to move an illini fan to the middle of die hard hawk country: priceless"
got randomly requested by my aunt and now is waiting for everyone else in my family to find me now
i'm finally back from michigan!    where's my welcome home party?
grandma: wait i forgot my cain  my dad: well it definatley makes you more <propmale> hahahaha    wow
days finally here *loud voice* quartet assemble!!!!!!! time to own this song! and the wedding at the same time
"was at work, girl: hey you're that guy!, me: what?, girl: yeah that guy who sang with kullen!       yeah thats me that guy who sang with kullen, curse you mr  buckrop"
"was in a car with the quartet on our way to the wedding, we were all in shades rockin out to misery by maroon 5, we looked so awesome"
"is frustrated with the present  where are the moving side walks, personal jet packs? fine ill settle for taking care of mosquitos, im not talking about spray i mean an end to them  i have 20 bites and im out for revenge, im lookin at you mr scientist "
"woke up at 5:40 to take my dad to his appointment, then to work, then i have to go towrk again, ugh, so if it rains can i get my check and then leave?"
procrastinators of the world unite!!!    tommorow
my family went and registered my bro and sis for school and i didnt go with    weird
"just tried out for american idol, im hoping i made the top 12, i think the judge liked me   "
my first update on my notebook
inception=greatest modern movie made! it was amazing! did i mention it was amazing? inception+watching with friends would=even better oh and just for you it was amazing
"is bored and so im going to commit the cardinal sin of copyng others, if there is anyone interested in my opinion on them, if, then like the status and ill get to you"
"watched the wolfman laughed most of the time, was so predictable it was dumb"
"got woken up by a nice kiss today    from a dog, thank you <propfirst>    "
"watched dinner for schucks, was hilarious! too bad <propfemale> doesnt know how to give directions    to her own house!"
my grandmother is in the hospital appreciate your prayers
"checked out the mhs band today, hmm     "
"20 mins till close, lady calls in 6 <propmale> sand 6 cf's and a 33    really?"
i'm awesome! no you're not dude dont lie! swaaga of a cripple
wonders what the point is sometimes? am i really going to have to wait forever for someone to make a difference?
"todays updates categorized by people: <propfirst> buenting 1, jens hurty 1, <propfemale> <propmale> 1, <propfemale> lasek 7     dang nice job <propfemale>   "
first store meeting without <propfemale> salinas and <propfemale> turner (topper) felt really empty
wants to thank the quad cities for coming to rush my store all the way to close    did i really just tag the whole qc area? can geico save you a ton of money on car insurance?
really hates the whole take all your books to school and take all your books home
seriously? how does tr on a schedule mean tues and thurs? whoever came up with this must be the same person who came up with pb being the symbol for lead
pizza!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"was at work when an old guy came in    old guy: hey spiderman! me: uhhhh hi? old guy: yeah you're spiderman, and you also got the spidermobile and spiderwoman  me: nope no spiderwoman, im free <propmale> currently  old guy: well tell her hi from mr when you meet her  this guy is more confident in me then i am   "
   and how does that make you feel?
"would like to publicly appologize to <propmale> jones for missing him in the hallway, it is due to exhaustion and hunger, and i am now excepting cash for the always say hi to <propmale> on the hallway fund! please donate as much as you can so we can right this terrible wrong"
"the first time i didnt attend a moline home game and coal valley days, weird    "
4 days    
"prof: i'm proud to say that i am bi-metric!  me: wait whaaa? oh haha i thought you meant, yeah     "
the long fast is almost over!!!! let the college football season and iowa's pilgrimage to the national championship begin!!!!!!
mauling the hapless: iowa 37 eiu 7 go hawks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is waiting for his karmic check, i take 50's, 100's, really nice cars, iowa going to the natl championship game    "
"iowa 35 iowa st 7, translation: there really is only one team in the state"
"new phone, new carrier (verizon)  texting? hmmm i need an instant gallup poll   i know some people will want to text me but how many, should i get unlimited? <propfemale> <propmale> will and i'll bother <propfemale> mendoza till she does   ojala!"
really bus? really? early one minute and i watch you drive past the bus stop and leave me behind   missed my quiz     grrrr
"as we say goodbye to the greatest dog to walk this earth we remember, we remember how she loved to be scratched, again and again, how she went crazy when we first got there, and how she loved our socks because they smelled like us   "
seriously? did they get the wrong team out there? where are my regular hawkeyes? sloppy   
do you believe?    
and thus the dream dies 
"poly sci teacher: so palestineans want to have part of jerusalem, me: yeah right, that'd be like us giving half of washington dc to the native americans, what did they get? the redskins, fail"
"apparently i'm not convienient enough to be worth it, whatever"
"sorry glee, ncis is just better, and at the same time   "
"needs someone to watch glee with during the week, otherwise my e playful ert hair advisor t <propmale> ratkiewicz will disown me!!!"
"2 and a half years of giving, my time, energy, etc, and just like that they toss me off like unwanted refuse"
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! it really means a lot
"i-o-w-a only the true fans stay when it rains, good game hawks, nittnany lions next!!!"
halo reach    global warming is the least of their wuhhhhooriies  (worries)
hmm everyone seems to be either bears or packers which should i be? how about steelers!!!!!!!! we're taking back our crown!
losing my voice
"the worst part of not having my voice, is when i hear i song i like and i can't sing it!      frustration"
"<propfirst> mcneil i don't know how much you like playing your trumpet, but i should take it to teach you a lesson! lol"
"halo on heroic = pretty darn hard, \what does halo on legendary equal?\"" i'm glad you asked imaginary devils advocate guy  suicide """
"paterno not getting younger, penn st not getting better  iowa 24 penn st  3, iowa reminds penn st  qb bolden, that he's still a freshman"
just got friend requested by 'moline'  what? delayed reaction   
you know what im saying? of course you do it's english  lol
time to get my haircut
"apparently in my last profile pic i looked angry, well i changed it, stay classy moline"
"'if i had you, that would be the only thing i'd ever need'"
todays forecast? cloudy with a side of awesome
"some middleschoolers randomly walked past me in the library and one said, \you're sexy\"" and walked away  you are wayyyyy to young for me"""
whats the deal with the indian summer? i blame darshan hullon
"worst part about this hair cut? i keep trying to flip my hair, then i realize it isn't there     and look like an idiot"
"has a bdubs gift card if anyone is interested, i know <propfirst> wehr likes going there   "
is anybody going to the homecoming parade or the game? otherwise i'll just go by myself   
"if you play the music loud enough then you can shut everything out, you can live the song, at least until it ends"
i have the position of the official cheerer upper    when's lunch break?
"bonfire was good, tobuscus conversion, not too bad a night   go hawks!!!"
"with no class right in the middle of two classes, this guy's gonna do nothing    i'm bored"
here's lookin' at you kid
"listening to piano player, <propfirst> <propmale>, watching the fall day, that makes me so nostalgic"
"seriously, removing wallpaper is hard!!!!!!"
"dare to hope, because without that there's nothing"
is having an <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> moody withdrawal    when am i getting my english class back?
"the idiot in my geology class could've been in 'dinner for schmucks', and gotten 3rd place!"
"sorry <propfemale> garlach, norm <propmale> is back, iowa's defense is back, and iowa's dominance is back, iowa rolls 37 - 6"
"huge thanks to <propfemale> mccoy for making give my speech, and take my hat off, now i'm never wearing a hat around you again"
"mcclassical music monday! i'm really feelin the four seasons, preach it vivaldi!"
just finished my mid term for hist    ugh espisito that was way too much date based!
"finally finished and turned in my research paper, 3 weeks, 75 pages of notes to slog through, and 10 pages of awesome   it was so worth it though, my grandfather deserves to be recognized for the hero he is"
i cringe at the comments this will get but     fill in the blank with the best word; <propmale> is ______!
"don't know why but i have 'hey nonny no', the song that the girls sang in concert choir, stuck in my head     swimming in wine"
last minute speech writing ftw!
"would like to officialy thank the cowboys for 'participating', i use that word loosely, in the 2010 season of the nfl"
awww di nozo's dad does care   
"is in choir withdrawal, i need to get in choir!!!!"
"to all the veterans that made the freedom to make this post possible, thank you, especially my grandfather, who spent 2 years in a p o w  camp"
what's that alarm?? i have school today?!?!??!?! wth i thought it was the weekend?!?!?!?!?!?!
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> is my best friend ever in the entire world forever and always yay!
"god says good, we call it perfect"
"english, schedule for next semester, at least that's what i'm supposed to be doing   "
"geology field trip, no parent permission slip required"
"is so frustrated! can't seem to make people happy, i just give up"
"congratulations ohio st  you had the joke for refs hand you the game, hope those guys get fired, that was just an obvious call"
"made sausage and bacon for bfast, and totaly dominated, i remember the word 'perfect' being said a couple of times"
*austrailian accent* today i'm going to speak in aussie accent because <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> told me so  post
requiescat in pace
a holiday that celebrates starving people eating for 3 days? sold!
please shoot me now
"your clothes never wear the same the next day, and your hair never falls in quite the same way   this is the story of a girl, who cried a river and drowned the whole world"
"speech project, lots of fun, little decided, mission accomplished"
"captains log; nov 30 2010, taking a geology test today, i am about to e playful erience a kobayashi maru"
leather jackets are still classy    right?
whats the deal with all the pokemon profile pics?
"heard 'all i want for christmas is you' on the radio today, flashback to the nhs variety show and the dance we did"
my alarm clock has betrayed me   
"had my last class with <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> moody today, my inspiration to show up in class everyday is now gone"
"i am prepared to boycott the sing off, seriously the whiffenpoofs were easily the best group!!! just cause they didn't have a base and didn't have a warm fuzzy story"
"poli sci done, that was a total repeat of ap gov"
"it's like these idiots on the road have never seen snow before, and it only makes there driving worse     i thought that was impossible"
getting my haircut today
"i really wish that the nfl would wake up and fire these 'refs', and i use that term very loosely, who are officiating pittsburgh games"
"so street corner symphony got stuck with a judge who has no bussiness singing, then got paired with commited so that they could give commited the credit, then they gave everyone else a last song by themselves    except street corner symphony, this show is just so ridiculously stupid  its not about talent at all"
you are what the french call <propmale> incompetent
"dad: i hate being sick and i know the idgit who did it too, came into my class sicker than a dog! me: what are you gonna do? dad: kill him   (lol)"
the fat boy should be leaving anny minute
"my top two statuses of the year were kinda designed to get people to comment, but the third one? wow thats kinda rediculous!"
\and christmas isn't just a day and all days aren't the same\,464b52809319df9e3d29766f38fd38f1,you know you're getting old when most of your presents are clothes   
"got a million dollars, and then woke up  its gonna be one of those days   "
"i swear if iowa looses this game its all on o'keefe  seriously coker has to have a 4 ypc right now, run the ball off tackle like you've been doing all year! this time it would've worked!"
no sleep  oh well who needs sleep? only normal people of course!
"attention: to those of you returning to school tommorow,\ha! that is all please return to your knitting"
"so here comes your one shot, seems you got a soft spot  cause i've got a hold on you"
"and you never say hey, or remember my name  its probably cuz, you think you're cooler than me "
hey baby!!!
tony: i've got so much comp time comin i could retire early! gibbs: i could arrange that dinozzo 
"<propmale> out with <propmale> <propfirst>  at pep band last week, and seriously every other word out of his mouth was about <propfemale>  lol talk about hook line and sinker"
"bye bye dirty birds, polamalu trumps <propmale>, big <propmale> tops flacco, and the gold and black are going to theh afc champ game 31-24"
"j-e-t-s jets jets jets, now we get to pummel our opponent at home yay!"
"one man who died for his dream, a dream we are all living now"
"i'm canadian, a saskatchewan indian, some people call it a cult"
"good news: i had choir today and i feel relieved after months of no choir, bad news lots of other classes tommorow"
"so i am taking classes that are overall way harder than last semester, and getting 5 less credit hours, wth!! this was supposed to be an easier semester!"
"its nights like these that make wish i was still in highschool, good times, old friends, 3 4 of the quartet in one place  congrats to the cast and crew of picnic i was very impressed"
"i advise all packer and bears fans to be kind to one another, cause seriously its not as big a deal as you think   cause in a couple of weeks you'll both be in the same place; home without a ring watching pittburgh celebrate"
here we go boys!
overated!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to the superbowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i just dont understand why admin always schedules fire drills during the winter when its freezing, they do realize we have to go outside during these things right?"
you know its gonna be a bad day when you completely wipe out walking to your first class
whats the deal with all these people who request me randomly? until im like a superstar im not going to accept just random people! unless of course i do    
"god doesn't play favorites, it's not duck, duck, damned! ???? <propmale>"
for every person who joins <propfirst> polamalu's fan club (gang) he'll kill one quarterback
"subconciously i obviously did not want to go to school today, i set the alarm for the right time but didn't turn it on ughhhh     "
"moline students, i have seen a lot of people talking about school canceling   how long have you been in the moline school district? cao <propfirst> will never let you have one, over his cold dead body, so make sure you take care of him outside   "
"mcgee: i cant believe someone stole my car and my identity, now they think i'm part of a russian conspiracy? i might have to change my name! dinozzo: oh you could go with mcnerd, mcbankrupt, or mcspiracy!\"",2011-02-04 13:50 smile 2""",464b52809319df9e3d29766f38fd38f1,"to all packer fans: be sure to thank the refs on your way out cause dang, rogers had an extra 5-10 secs routinely, credit to him for taking advantage but come on, add to that the fact that the refs refused to call pass interference on two plays maybe 3, like <propmale>'s second int you were handed that game, still would pick the pack over any other nfc team"
"seriously fergie needs to be black listed for all national anthem deals, not only was she messing with the song not singing it the way it's supposed to be <propfirst>, she can't even be bothered enough to remember the words"
"watched a blues artist at the college today, very impressed and i'm planning on posting the vid that i took"
just another day in the calendar to me
"attention: tomorrow facebook will change its settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening go to accounts   home invasion settings   cannibalism   brains and un-check the \tasty\"" box  please copy and re-post!"""
"so apparently there is some disagreement over my hair some people like my hair long, some like it cut short, the gallop poll for the day is which one you prefer"
whitey's ice cream is good all year even when it's cold
"proverbs 21 smile 0 is the only thing i got right now, i don't even know what to say"
"sometimes i wish i had others gifts, honestly what good is singing?"
"hopes <propfirst> cooper and <propfirst> <propfemale> reistroffer got digits while they were at the ymca, dang the games they were playin with those guys weren't basketball"
totally dominated with 7000 views of my profile that is obviously because i'm awesome and has nothing to do with a randomly generated number by some site
"those of you wondering (which is none) my top status for 2011 is now basically taken, you could try for 2nd or 3rd but no straight jackets will be awarded"
"you got designer shades just to hide your face and you wear them around like you're cooler than me, eh, you never say hey or remember my name and it's probably cause you think you're cooler than me"
"first class at 8 am cancelled, great so that combined with an hour break leaves me with two hours that could have been devoted to sleep"
"don't know what im going to do this thursday when i miss out on group, this sucks and there's a party and the <propmale> of bel air is somehow involved"
who's on his way to springfield? this guy 
"in springfield saw the capitol building, getting ready for orientation"
"finally done for the day, tommorow is an all day long session ughh"
"looking suave and in general awesome today thanks to <propfirst> <propmale> wearing black and black and red, for plus 5 classy  on a side note; no continental <propmale>? really?"
"legislators; even prospective ones, just shouldnt dance"
"so i am tying a couple of people's tie for them, including the majority leader of the senate  so everytime he speaks and the camera focuses on him (and his tie) i think i should get kudos"
"on my way home, so tired and ready to be there, bhc is co-winner of the best large delegation, which is basically the best award to win from the weekend"
is finally home in moline again
"today in class i had a question and almost said \point of information\"" too much politics for this guy"""
"my day has been ruined because i was informed that its <propfirst> whats his face's birthday, and today had so much promise   "
"last day of mig classes, gonna miss these guys, i think we should continue this thing for the rest of the semester, we could begin looking at next years bills   "
long tough night
"i promise to depart, just promise one thing, kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep"
what if i wasnt what you e playful ected because im not what you think i am?
"you fail to look without critique, and thus you fail to see"
"eating lunch with my family; grandma \so <propmale> how are the girls at blackhawk?\"" wait what????? me \""uhhhh fine?\"" lol that was a complete blindside"""
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think   "
"writing a paper on what i learned at mig, what did i learn? hmm     lol"
"managed to waste 2 hours instead of working on my paper, oh well there's always tommorow right?"
"is dissapointed in my fb friends, there were literally no good statuses today or yesterday    unlesss i missed them, but still come on!"
"gets to spend his spring break getting his wisdom teeth pulled ick    i tried telling the dentist that i'm already wise, but it didnt work"
"no matter what you do there will always be a better way to do it, instead of beating yourself up for your decision, learn from it and improve   its not about where you are as much as it's where you're from"
"stop, turn, take a look around at all the lights and sounds, let em bring you in  yellowcard"
"story of my life, so i cant act surprised  all i can do is sing louder"
the lord gave and the lord has taken away; blessed be the name of the lord!
"i will praise the lord whether he gives or takes, but its so much more enjoyable when he gives   continue to fight the good fight <propfirst> <propmale>"
"everyone has those jokes that start out, three guys walk into a bar  well mine starts out so <propfemale> pulford, greek speaking ???? <propmale>, and british speaing <propmale> walk into a mcdonalds     "
"my friends are crazy, and that is an understatement"
"fun day with, <propfemale> pulford, <propfemale> christianna <propfemale> crosby, and her two charges  two of the cutest little girls you ever saw"
operation death of my wisdom teeth is a go
can anyone take me to bible study? i'm determined to go but i need a ride
"can't sing because of the removal of my wisdom teeth, i am literally living my absolute worst nightmare"
what shall i give unto the lord for all he has done for me? psalm 116:12
has moved to solid foods! yay!!!
"we do not have a spirit, we are a spirit that has a body  c s  <propfirst>"
"where would i be without my friends? i would have been so much worse off dealing with my wisdom teeth pain  thanks to everyone, you know who you are!"
i normally have 1 status every 1 to 2 days    due to the removal of my wisdom teeth i'm now averaging like 3 statuses in 1 day  how many ways can you say bored?
"don't mess with mexican <propfemale> pulford, she will mess you up!"
"is happy, despite spring break being over  so just try and wreck my mood, try"
cannot wait until i can just eat a cheeseburger!!! no more yogurt! meat!!!!
what the heck!!! i dont like it when people won't talk to me!
would just like to point out that god has blessed me so greatly! and not just because im the proud owner of a beautiful flower arrangement
"got no sleep at all last night, but i am way way to happy to care"
?    
operation no sleep day two is a go
apparently has strange ankles   
"is just amazed by god's providence, everything in my life was done to prepare me for this time, so that i could enjoy it to the fullest and so that i would be prepared and capable of having it"
"<propfirst> 24:15 and if it seems evil to you to serve the lord, choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the river, or the gods of the amorites, in whose land you dwell; but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord "
had a cheeseburger today  how i have missed thee
"this much i know is true, that god blessed the broken road that led me straight to you"
"sitting at bhc listening to random people, \does anyone think it's weird i modeled a pokemon after <propfirst> the ripper?\""     yes """
"ate ice cream for breakfast, thats right <propfemale> hult turner i did! cause my teeth hurt and ice cream makes them feel better so ha!"
"my little cousin <propfemale> is playing wii nfl, he scores a touchdown and then decides to go with a fake punt to get the two points    sneaky bugger"
you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head
"sometimes i wish i could slow time, there is no amount of time spent that's enough"
"attention: i do not have a <propfirst> bieber look, <propfirst> has an <propmale> hult look"
"nightmares, really? not cool    "
"posted a video of me singing bless the broken road, check it out!"
solo audition is today
"so bhc is having karaoke today, awesome!"
blueberry muffins in the morning = win
"trust in the lord with all your heart and <propfemale> not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight  proverbs 3:5-6"
watching the cosby show makes my day better
"dancing with the one and only, you see only one"
well that was interesting   
i am so out of shape
stupid storm   
all 'hail' <propmale>! lol
wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed according to thy word  psalm 119:9
got on my bus today to find the driver jammin to 'hot blooded'    lol
got the solo!!!!!!!!!! plus one on the side woohoo!!!!
ughhh since when did sleep become just an option?
can't    focus    need    mountain dew   
"sitting on the bus and i hear an old couple behind me say how much they love listening to an austrailian accent  so of course i turn around and oblige, aussie english is after all one of my official languages on fb"
feeling nostalgic today
"really wanted to sleep and skip class, i got up though and went in to find my first class cancelled  i now have two hours to kill in which i cant sleep  curse you lairbee!!!!!!!!!"
finally gets to have his date with the amazing <propfemale> pulford tonight
"lets call that date a mulligan, given the choice between an inspirational movie where a girl loses her arm but makes an amazing comeback and a movie where a girl is bred to have no compassion whatsoever and everyone ends up dead by being shot, stabbed, bludgeoned, shafted by arrows, etc    we went with number 2"
really needs to shake this funk
"somehow god always finds a way to speak into my life, of course he does seem to have a favorite person to use"
this is gonna be a loonnng day
really hates his western civ class right now
"going to see moline high school presents: bye bye <propfemale>! tonight with <propfemale> pulford, awww yeah thats my jam, aww yeah thats my jam!!!!"
"moline's city gov has a mayor with next to no power, it's basically a cerimonial position, the joker and the riddler must have taken the mayor hostage one too many times   "
"got my haircut today, once again going through the process of no longer flipping my hair, cause now i dont have enough to flip"
"job interview tommorow at panera, i would love to work there, appreciate prayers that i can get the job!"
rain pouring down    yeah im not walking to the bus for class just to get soaked
can we just fast forward like 2 hours please?
"praise god and thank you for your prayers, i have a second interview on fri and they said i pretty much have the job!"
"because i am jealous of all the bye bye <propfemale> profile pics i made my profile pic my music man picture, what now?"
"so many people broken by others, why is it that we take a broken world and break it even more? this question is directed at myself as well, why can't i be more christlike to those who need it? to everyone?"
need music to lose myself in    why did i have to lose my ipod?
bowling with my younger cousin and family
"sitting with my comfort food (<propfemale> kats) and dragon age 2, that's all i have right now    having <propfemale> pulford withdrawals"
so    tired   
"watching castle; two cops are getting tortured for information  one of the cops is being forced to watch his partner being waterboarded, 'alright! i'll tell you!' 'good, how much do they (the cops) know about me?' 'the cops know everything    they know    about me and your mom'"
"there are few things in life that can satisfy like god, <propfemale> pulford, and <propfemale> kats"
"for i know the plans i have for you, declares the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future  <propmale> 29:11"
"all out of <propfemale> kats, i need more holidays where people give me <propfemale>    specifically <propfemale> kats"
"would love to see clayborn go to the steelers, but i doubt he'll fall that far  seriously whoever drafts him is getting a steal cause he should be top 10 maybe even top 5, he's certainly better than <propmale> and gabbert"
choir performance today     but i dont really want to   
listening to vivaldi and <propfirst> <propmale> outside watching the day pass with some juice    hopefully this will help
"watching the dark knight; <propfemale> pulford \i can always take something away from a movie\"" my dad \""so you're gonna put a cape on and beat guys to a pulp?\"""""
"<propmale> 18 smile 2 for i take no pleasure in the death of anyone, declares the sovereign lord  repent and live! <propmale> 18:23 do i take any pleasure in the death of the wicked? declares the sovereign lord  rather, am i not pleased when they turn from their ways and live?"
"<propmale> 11:20 but you, lord almighty, who judge righteously and test the heart and mind, let me see your vengeance on them, for to you i have committed my cause "
"philippians 4:6 do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to god "
