bfc3de1ae3ba2894b44311621bdd26c8
"i went to lagoon yesterday and had tons of fun, but today i have a not so fun sunburn    wink "
happy fathers day to all you great daddy's out there    wink 
i just finished weeding half my garden and replanting the carrotts   
i am suppose to be weeding the other half of my garden today   but i think i will wait for it to be a bit cooler out   smile 
is already for the gym class      smile 
is cleaning up the house for girls night!!! i am so excited!!
was woke up because some punk kids were trying to get into our car  the alarm went off and i got up  waited about 6 minutes looking out my window and caught them going for my car  called the police but they got away  dang kids   sad 
may actually make it on time to church   heheheh   smile 
must be crazy to be staying up late again!!!!   
finished canning 15 jars of cherries and now i am making 3 <propfemale> pies and freezing them  lots of work but satisfying     smile 
we are back!!!   now i need a nap    smile 
watching harpers island    i should be in bed!
just got back from a job interview   i find out tomorrow!!
    well its almost time to go to work again   its only my second day!!
i need to leave here in 15 more minutes    not fun!
yay i made it through another day    smile 
just got back from church   it was weird not having the older two children with us today  i miss them and can't wait to seem them in another two weeks    smile 
"<propmale> is at school taking a math test  delton is watching curious <propfirst>, and i am thinking i should go to bed right now   today was a long day at work  and i get to do it all over again tomorrow   smile "
"i am awake, but i could use another hour of sleep    smile "
well just got done watching a movie about some haunting   jared is fascinated with ghost stories   me not so much!!! i don't think i will watch any more of those movies  they scare me too bad   smile 
"today is my 11th anniversary     we were telling our son, delton, that he gets to go out with us on our anniversary and he asked \what's that?\"" and we said \""we have been married for 11 years\""   he says \""does that mean today your not married anymore?\""  kid"""
"watched <propmale> potter the half blood prince   it was pretty good, too bad delton needed a bathroom break when there was only 5 minutes left  poor <propmale> missed it!   "
i had my pilates class last night   and woke up sore!!  i don't have to go to work until 1p m  so i tried to sleep in   didn't work   lol!!! just three more days until i get to see my children    smile 
"i am getting ready for work and packing for our trip to idaho this weekend   i am <propfemale> looking forward to seeing my wonderful children    smile  going to work, not so much!!!lol"
wow!!the weekend went by way to fast for my liking     lol
had a good day at work and now is going to the <propfemale> with some good friends     smile 
going to the store to do some shopping with hubby   then have to to be to work   smile 
i am so happy that it is the weekend    yeah!!!!
had a good day    our nephew <propmale> was baptised this morning   had a family lunch at the park   visited with family at home and had root beer floats    and now we may go on a drive or something   smile 
just returned from a family reunion to a lot of wonderful suprises!!! thanks to all of you for the birthday wishes   i had a really good birthday    smile 
today was a good day!! my boss wasn't there and i went to the <propfemale> with my good chicas    surprise ) it was very pleasent
its friday again!!!   seriously this week went bye bye pretty quick!   smile  have a good weekend everyone    smile 
yeah i woke up to some nice rain!!! it's just what we needed over here in tooele    my children are all so excited to go to school tomorrow  they both have their clothes picked out and their new lunch boxes are sitting on the counter waiting to be filled tomorrow    it is going to be a great year!! they will both do awsome i am sure of it   smile  i will miss them even more    smile 
"well the kids made it to their classrooms and are all ready for their first day   i don't get to hear about it until i get off work, which isn't too much longer after their return   then <propmale> will go to his first day of his fall semester too!!! it's school for everyone today   smile "
"well the verdicts are in   morgan had a good day but wished she had new kids in her class   caden had a good day, but didn't make any friends   so they are all done with the excitement   those two will make lots of friends in no time i am sure    smile  <propmale> is in his math class right now, i hope this teacher is a better one    smile  i am home thinking \what's for dinner?\"""""
i wonder what is the fascination with chocolate m&m's and popcorn lateley???  i just love the stuff    smile  plus its more fun to watch tv at home with this tasty treat    smile 
hmmm what should we do for fhe???   
yummy! <propmale> made us omlets and sausage links for breakfast!!!   
oh man!!! i can feel this cold coming on and i don't want it   i  am not aloud to have sick days at work yet    sad 
"yeah i already helped get the kitchen,dining room, living room, boys room, my bedroom, and the hall all cleaned up this morning   i even threw in a load of laundry and now i have sometime to go to the store and do some grocery shopping   then its off to work at 1 and off at 8   then i think i will go to the gym to work out   its a busy day that is for sure    smile "
gettting ready to go to church this <propfemale> morning    then coming home to make a turkey roast and <propfemale> pie for lunch    smile 
all men have a sweetness in their life  that is what helps them go on  it is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out 
goodnight see you all tomorrow!!!   
thanks em and <propmale> for the great fun last night   playing games and laughing was great medicine    smile 
i better get ready for work and head out    i am glad it's one of my short days!    smile 
"had a great time with em, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale> at the sostanza restraunt    it was a blast  we should do it again sometime    smile "
had a not so fun day at work!!   but the upside is that it's friday    smile 
saturday is my favorite day because i get to spend it with <propmale> and our children    smile  i hope that everyone is having a good weekend   smile 
i am so happy to say that today at work was fun   but that is probably due to the fact that my boss is on vacation   smile 
today was a bit long    but glad to be home and soon asleep    smile 
yeah today is friday!! we are going to have a ball    smile 
i have a meeting this morning with caden's teacher    i hope this goes well    smile 
i had an awsome night out with some of my best friends    we had a great time going to the confrence center and watching general relief society meeting    i loved being in the same room as the prophet and my dear friends   then out to dinner we went    it was good!
"well it's time to face the firing squad this morning   i hope it all goes well, or this is going to be beyond an interesting day   "
i had a really good day at work today and i am going to the <propfemale> tonight with a good friend   plus i only have to work 2 hours tomorrow  this is going to be awsome   smile 
"had a great day taking the kids swimming then to mcdonalds just to go to do some grocery shopping now we are cleaning up for a family movie   too bad that it's not friday today, because i really want to stay home tomorrow and keep having a great time with my kids!   smile "
yeah its general confrence   this should be a nice relaxing weekend with my family    smile 
"i had another great day listening to confrence and having some friends over for lunch   it really makes for a great weekend    smile  too bad the reality will hit tomorrow, but it could be  a good week again!!!    smile "
today is going to be a tough day with caden he's throwing a temper tantrum already   well hopefully it gets better for him    smile 
i am so greatful that it's friday   i am looking forward to the weekend without all the tension   smile  my boss really needs to chillax more  
i have a bunch of apples to can before they spoil and i better get to it!  my little kids are helping with house chores so that is a bonus! what a blessing my family is to me!!!  smile 
<propmale> is at school and the kids are playing outside   so i should get a few things picked up so i can go to the gym when <propmale> gets back    smile 
it was nice waking up to the rain   i really love the rain    smile 
yeah today i am going to the <propfemale> after work!!    smile 
"ooops!! i forgot about the primary program practice this morning   i was up late with my two sister in laws and friend making costumes for halloween   now i am awake and getting ready to go to the gym, then a carnival, and then more fun!!!    smile "
got home from the movies and found caden not feeling very well   he threw up everywhere in the kitchen and has a temp of 100 9 degrees   i hope this isn't anything serious   that means no church for any of us   and its the primary program    sad 
"tonight is the trunk-or-treat <propmale> party    oh and it snowed last night, so there is a little blanket of snow everywhere    smile "
"tonight is a good night to have halloween, we get an extra hour to let the kids wind down   lol happy halloween to you all    smile "
i was offered a managment postition yesterday    now i have to decide if i want it    smile 
    i love looking out my window and seeing all the pretty fall colors   i wish i could stay home all day!!  
where are all the chocolate fairies when you need them?   lol i am out of chocolate how can that be?    wink 
"being sick seems to be fashionable these days   so i joined the crowd, i really don't enjoy sinus infections    sad "
well there goes our suburban   some kid drove his truck into the passenger side and crushed in both doors   now what?
today i am feeling a little better    smile 
i feel good now if my voice could just make me sound healthy i would be back in buisness    smile 
i am off to go exercise with my good friend emily   see ya soon chicka!!!
i go in early today   i guess not too early considering 8 smile 0 isn't all that early   smile  i am greatful to have a job so no complaining here    smile 
i have a three day weekend   wow i wasn't planning on having so much time   what should i do today?   lol
i want to see new <propfemale> this weekend    smile 
i am so excited i am going to new <propfemale> tonight    smile 
i had such a good time watching new <propfemale>!!!!
"   is there a target on our street?  we had some eighteen year old totaled our suburban last saturday and tonight an eighteen year old hit into the back of our pacifica, that was parked on the street next to our home   we have officially decide that parking on the street is a hazard to our vehicles   and we should stay clear of 18 year olds   smile "
"today went by pretty quick   tomorrow i am working or 10 hours,but it should go fast too!   smile "
hello everyone   if you get a video from me do not open it   its a virus that somehow got sent to me   
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
thinks that a turkey coma sounds about right   
   back to work this morning   i am so happy that we still open at 9 surprise 0 a m    gives me some more time to work of the turkey coma   lol   i hope you all had a wonderful day yesterday and that you have a great weekend    smile 
just returned from a friends ward   emily you did a great job on your talk  i loved it!!!! now i am off to go teach my primary kids  then coming home to eat left overs and then i think relaxing sounds great    
we just found out that our family dog of 14 years had a stroke this weekend    she is e playful ected to have many more strokes   so we have her on a medication to help her  if she doesn't respond to the medication we will have to put her to rest   it's really sad!!  sad 
"i think that if we didn't have something going on every week we'd be bored   now are stupid furnace is down, and we are cold   sad     but we have a space heater and a gas fireplace that will help somewhat   smile "
"i don't have to go to work until 4 smile 0  but i have a job interview, or a test i guess to take today at 9 surprise 0   cross your fingers!!!    smile "
"its a beautiful day   the snow is falling, christmas music is playing, and i  have my family to share it with    smile "
"this is going to be another great day   after church we are having friends over for dinner, then we are going to make gingerbread houses   smile "
finally the kids are in bed and i am off to dreamland    smile  it's going to be great sleeping    wink 
my kids are looking forward to a christmas party tonight    smile  and i am thinking i hope the roads are not icey tonight   smile 
"i have my second interview tomorrow, so maybe i will get this new job    smile  it would be nice to be home soon after the kids get home from school   smile "
"snow, family, friends, good music, its all so comforting    smile "
today is a short day at work   this is good   smile 
"we did a little christmas shopping tonight, but we still have a bit more to do   smile "
my kids are so excited   daddy just brought them home a new little doggie  her name is gizzie!! she is part dachshund chihuahua  she seems really nice   smile 
   it's getting pretty exciting around here  the kids are so excited about christmas this weekend   smile 
"oh yeah!!! monday's over and now it's down to three days before we are \home for the holidays\""    smile """
"the countdown continues   yippie to tuesday being over, now i just need to make through two more days    smile  it also snowed all day and it's been pretty foggy, so it's beginning to look alot like christmas   get out the sleds ladies its girls night out   smile "
<propfemale> christmas everyone1!!!
there is sooo much snow outside i think that sledding with the kids would be fun!!
wow i need to update my status   smile  i hope you all had a wonderful new years and that this year is great for all of you  tomorrow is my first week as manager for the new store  i am excited    smile 
         ?!?!?!!?
needs to get ready for the day and get the house cleaned   or maybe i could just be lazy   smile 
waking up with an ear infection really takes the fun out the day   
"yeah i did my workout this morning and plan on doing them in the mornings from here on out    then i will have more family time after work    smile  too bad work doesn't start at 10, so i could get up at 7 to workout   lol  no actually i am feeling pretty darn good    smile "
what happened to this week?   where did it go? i am happy to be home with my family    smile  and i don't have to go to bed early    smile 
we just got back from dinner and a movie with the whole family  what a pleasure it is being together   smile 
today we had an interview with the bishop and caden   he is so excited to get baptized in two weeks  then i made popcorn balls for the kids while they wait for dinner   and i think i ate a little too much popcorn   smile 
this morning caden seems to be sleeping much better    i hope that he is better by friday so he won't have to be admitted to the hospital 
i am so relieved that this is the last working day   i am ready for a break!!! doing the legals at work has really melted my brain this week   it will be nice when i get it all figured out   have a great weekend everybody
let me see there is so much to do today and so little time   i guess i better get going    smile 
yes! i got some new curtains today     smile 
   thinks that chocolate sounds good!!!
"happy birthday to caden , happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear mr  caden, happy birthday to you     my little boy is now a offically eight years old   i hope you have a great day and know just how lucky and blessed we are to have you in our family  love ya son!!"
crazy? i was crazy once! they put me in a room with rats! rats they make me crazy!  crazy?!? i was crazy once! they put me in a room with rats! rats they make me crazy!!!    yes i am nutty!!
"well it's been a busy morning already   exercise is done, a load of laundry is done, theater room cleaned, boys room cleaned, breakfast made and ate, and all kids ready for school, now i need to finish getting ready for work and still make lunches   phew!!! then i have a 11 hour day   but i am feeling great!!!"
"   sleepy, sleepy off to bed    smile "
"time to get up, and out of bed!! i am not really sure that i even really got any sleep  does waking up every hour, count as sleep?  oh! well i feel rested!"
okay just two more days before the weekend    i really need a break!!!   lol i think that i have spent 10 hours or more a day at the office trying to get ready for month end reports and new legal filings   it's going to be awsome when i get faster at working so i can come home earlier    smile 
yawn!!!! it's contagious    wink 
thanks for working out with me this morning em!! your awsome   smile      now that the dishes are done and kids fed and scriptures read    i guess i better finish getting lunches done and get out the door   have a nice day everyone!!!
tonight we have family coming for caden's baptism   wow! i can't believe this month is already gone   
today is the big day for caden      now i must get his cake done and get ready and out the door    smile 
i feel tired today!! i think that a nap after church is a good idea    smile 
"   life is good, even if it's not perfect!"
i am going to watch post grad tonight   then i am going to bed   
okay i made it to the gym    smile  and it's friday   
it's really heartbreaking when your child feels sad at school because of what other kids say to them  
   is off to see what can be accomplished today!!!
another morning spent at the gym    and now i must be off to the races!!
today was a long day   looking so forward to sleep   smile 
it is going to be a good day!!!
"i am glad i made it to the gym this morning    now i only have two work days left to go, then its the weekend again   i love weekends   smile "
i am so glad that it's friday!!!!  smile 
"okay so delton is almost better from his strep throat, and now caden is getting sick   poor little things  it's just something that they do every winter   i have high hopes of them being healthier when they are teenagers?!?!?   smile "
i just want to wish you all a happy valentines day!!! i hope you get a <propmale> to let those special people in your life know how much you love them    smile 
thinks that i need to go to bed earlier   smile 
"it's <propfemale> hard to get up at 5 in the morning and go to the gym, but i do feel so much better throughout the day  "
"           it's  time to go shoot some deer, bears, cats, and ducks on the wii   smile "
"it's snowing a bit, but that is okay, i just wish it wasn't so cold   "
family went swimming last night for fhe we had an awsome time!!!  smile 
yesterday was very nice     i went to the salt lake <propfemale> with my best friend and her husband then out to dinner and of course we had to stop  for some yummy cookies at the kodiak bakery    smile  life is great!!!
"a long day ahead, with an 11 hour shift, but i think it still could be a good day!!    smile "
"i had a happy suprise this morning   i actually got a fax from home office, and i guess my loaning store is number one for new loans and best collections for the state of utah   yeehaww!!!  "
getting ready for church day    smile 
good morning everyone!!
i sure hope that this darn cold goes away before work on monday    smile 
"feeling a little sicker tonight, but that could mean i will be much better tomorrow   smile "
woke up to plumbing problems in our basement again!!! i am begining to think that we may need to figure out another course of action to keep this from happening all the time    like maybe getting locks on the toliets so the boys don't flush things down there   that will help with the flooding but then who knows what they would do when they actually needed to use them?!?!?
life is life    smile 
it's so quiet when the kids are in bed   i love being in my front living room and starring out the window down onto the city lights    smile 
watched new <propfemale> with the family last night   itwas fun    today having friends over for dinner and we are putting a puzzle together    smile 
wow its late and still need to make dinner   lol
is happy to know friday is just around the corner      smile 
this wind is really loud i sure hope it goes away soon  
yeah today is a new day!!!!    
holy snow batman!!!   
  nothing special!
listening to confrence   
it started out <propfemale> then it started to rain then it started to hail and now its snowing    i think that the weather is a little confused today    smile 
friday!!!!   need i say more?
a little spring cleaning    smile 
well i have half the house cleaned   i still have floors to clean and a couple of loads of laundry    but it should not take long    smile 
"my voice is still not that great, but i am confident that it will be sometime in the future    smile    at least you can hear me a bit better today    smile "
i wish it was friday   i like weekends   smile 
friday friday friday     its friday!!!! no more work for two days    smile 
i did it!!! for the first time since 2nd grade i had my hair cut above my shoulders  smile 
"okay so i made it to the gym this morning and now i need to go get some laundry done, make breakfast, and get ready for work    i think that i am already tired!!   lol"
this weather is nutty!!! it was all <propfemale> yesterday and now its snowing this morning   which reminds me that the heat is off at work   oh oh a cold office is not a happy warm one    smile 
i wonder is ice cream a good idea in the morning?   delton thinks so!   smile 
<propfirst> has another softball game this evening   so its off to the ole' ball game!
it's crazy that i am still awake and i have to work in the morning   smile  i think that it's a good thing that it's friday   smile 
"it's going to be an interesting weekend   the boys have their father and sons campout, <propfirst>'s best friend is having a sleep over birthday party, and me   hmmm?!?!"
today is my youngest's birthday   we are having cupcakes to celebrate   but he is having his party on saturday at 1 surprise 0   smile  happy birthday to you delton    smile 
<propmale> and i took the boys to the high school track for some walking and running   now i am tired but i just have to watch buffy   lol
went to the <propfemale> tonight   it was very nice!!   smile 
went geocaching yesterday it was fun  even if it was raining   lol
twilight was fun   now i must go to work after going to bed at 2:45 in the morning    smile  yes i love to punish myself   smile 
good morning everyone!!  of course by the time i get back on here it will be evening    smile  hope you are all doing great!!
the weekend is here    yeah!!!!
<propmale> and i have been married 12 years tomorrow!! so happy anniversary <propmale>    smile  i love you!!
yeah! i had a great time at the <propfemale> and looking into starting school soon!
happy pioneer day!!!
my oldest turned 11 years old yesterday   she's growing up so fast    smile 
i am going to make a 3-d castle cake tonight   since we are celebrating <propfirst>'s birthday tomorrow   this should be interesting    smile 
hmmm   i think that chocolate chip cookies sound good   i wonder who will make some??   
"yeah i get to see my family tonight   they are coming back from a short vacation in idaho, and to suprise my kids its going to be chocolate chip cookies    smile "
thanks for all the birtdhay wishes!!! i had a fantastic day!    smile 
thinking to self that i really need to work on getting to bed earlier    smile 
had a nice time with the girls last night   we had yummy treats from sostanza and played a little twilight scene it   smile  thanks for the birthday night out    smile 
good morning   we are off to pick up bountiful baskets this morning   then we will go to the gym for an hour    smile 
      smile 
"the kids had a great first day of school, and they are all excited to go back today    smile "
   just finished reading new <propfemale> again    smile 
off to another week of work     smile 
"well this week is more than half over, so it's like pre-weekend celebrating   smile "
   poor little delton  he has five fresh stitches on the right side of his forehead    sad 
   blah   
 smile 
     going to watch a scary movie with my jared  and we even are going to have a popcorn snack    smile 
starting a new week off    and i think that i would just rather go back to bed!!!    not ready for another week   
life is good even if not perfect    smile 
    smile  tomorrow is friday!!
yeah!! just another day and then <propfirst> and <propfemale> will be here    smile 
"this is going to be a good day    especially knowing that the kids are wired for costumes, trick or treating, and a party    smile "
tomorrow i get to see my baby sista    smile 
  brb  kids  need something
     please excuse the noise and mess my kids are making happy memories    smile  this is my motto for the day!!!
today is still the weekend   smile  no work tomorrow either    smile  that is something to be greatful for!
     sleepy sleepy off to bed    turn off the light   head on pillow    another week to go    smile 
fhe   what will it be?   hmmm   
i think i better go to bed now    smile 
"   outside is very white   my kids are wanting to get out the christmas lights and decorations, but i told them that we need to celebrate thanksgiving first    smile  they are so excited for christmas   smile "
two days of being sick   i am looking forward to feeling better tomorrow    smile  after all thanksgiving is soon!!
there seems to be a surplus of snow today   smile  i know that my kiddos are going to want to play in it all day    smile 
    i sure hope that work goes by fast tomorrow   thursdays are always sooo long  
i love working out at the gym with jared   its nice spending time together even if we are both trying to stay healthy   smile 
going to church then coming home and having over our friends for a turkey dinner    smile 
yeah it's monday!?!?
tuesday     it's usually a very long working day   but here's hoping its a day that just buzzes on by    smile 
it snowed!!!
last night caden earned his bobcat in scouts   he was so excited and he had a great time    smile 
"the kids ordered snow for christmas, looks like they are getting their wish    smile "
just two more days until all the fun begins    i think my kids heads are about to e playful lode    smile 
"wishing everyone a <propfemale> christmas    may these two days be safe,happy, and extrodinary for you all    smile "
tomorrow is the last day of 2010   and i am sure you all were very aware of that    smile 
     smile 
yeah my favorite working day    it's usually busy and goes by fast    smile 
another night out to the gym    smile  then off to bed again   
yeah its tuesday   i survied monday    smile 
ready for bed    
sometimes i feel like a teenager all  over again   waiting on fridays to get away from work    smile 
i think i will go watch eclipse or maybe scrapbook!?!?
i just found out tonight that i work with my cousin      our grandmothers are sisters    smile  what a small world   
i think that i will attempt to join in with the other super moms around here and get lots done today   even though i would rather just go play    smile 
   its going to be a good day!!    smile 
just finished with bountiful baskets this morning and caden's birthday party   so happy that a couple of his class mates came   it really made ihis day to have his cousins and friends here    smile 
<propmale> has a talk today in sacrament meeting   so i guess i should get the kids ready so we are not late today     smile 
just finished working out at the gym   now getting ready for bed!
   off to another day of adventure   what will it bring?    smile 
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! uuuuuuuuuugggggggggghhhhh!!
loving the weekend     smile 
staying home this sunday with three kids who are getting some nasty colds   hope that that's all it is    
what a long day    
happy valentines day     smile 
    need more time tonight    
spending time with my family and friends just makes life that much better!
just had the best fhe ever!!!  smile 
made blueberry muffins and malto meal for dinner   *wsome
what a great diet plan! just pay 3 15 per gallon of gas and there is no extra money left over for snacks   thanks oil companies for keeping <propfemale> healthy   
i think i am homesick tonight    smile 
getting up and ready for another bountiful basket c surprise p day!!!   hopefully the snow won't be a problem for our truck and that we good some great volunteers   the past few times its been so nice!! i love being part of the whole thing    smile 
   thinking that i need new sinuses today    sad 
hmmmm  i guess i need to get ready for work   oh! like now   
"our long time family pet,dustie was put to sleep today   feeling sad    sad "
going to big judds for the first time in years   kids are excited for the giant burger 
i think that noodles sound good   i wish that we had noodles right now   
"happy st pattricks day   my children informed me that\you have to wear green so nobody pinches ya\""    smile """
