ee12978d4a930aaa024f707ed5504b41
to hott to go anywhere playing at home with the kiddies
"life can be so rewarding if you go with the flow and just let it happen!! i finally understand what \ pain is in the resestance \"" means      thanks god for a new understanding!!"""
with my kids!!
going home to get some sleep   have to meet the girls and their dad at the dentist office in the morning  
so the doc thinks it like a girl   and  damn she looks like her dad   
naming the baby ryanne <propfemale>  i had to get as far away from the letter j as i could  to many people with j names in my life
kinda stressful day but things could be worse  just have to remind myself of that from time to time  
"holy goat cheese batman, i've gained 24 pounds in 2 months!!"
"doing laundry, cleaning up, and at the same time trying to keep <propfirst> from pulling his sisters hair!!"
buying my little man a birthday gift today   he is going to be 2 already   how fast he has grown  i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> schooley!
"getting ready for my ultrasound   tired but can't sleep   oh well, have stuff to do before i pick up the kiddies anyways, no rest for this baby maker  "
28 weeks already   damn how time flies   11 weeks left but i already dropped so it's a waiting game  37 weeks has always been my limit  
"happy birthday <propfirst> <propfirst>! mommy loves you!!! my little man is 2 today, time flies to fast for me sometimes"
what blows my mind is how much i do for someone the second things don't go their way they stop being your friend   true friends and friends only when they need something   hmm who might you be???
my life couldn't be any freakin better right now   so blessed  
hate it when i can't sleep  
all that matters today is how i feel about myself and the name i answer too  
looking good and feeling good
"i maybe 28 weeks prego, but damn i look good   have a good day everyone!!"
"live, love and laugh and enjoy the ones you that are close to you!!"
lol    i love my friends   
getting a 3d ultrasound today    looking forward to see who she looks like  
some people never grow up   
had an good day   getting along with those that matter in my life   and i say she looks like her daddy
ohh   lower back is killing me   think i'm going to head to bed here in a bit  
today was crazy dress day at school   the girls wore their fancy dresses but <propfirst> was my master piece   lmao  he looks awesome  
why is the opposite sex so cunfusing?? i wish i knew what was going through his head when we see each other   err
i'm off to see the wizard   the wonderful wizard of oz  lol
"happy birthday <propfirst> schooley, from your kiddies, happy birthday <propfemale>! from your grandbabies and of course your wonderful, loving daughter!!!"
first episode of the season and true blood has got me hooked yet again    saw one of the best asses on t v  better than <propmale> pitt  may good dreams ahead
this pregnant chic does not do heat well    feel like an over sized umpa lumpa   9 more weeks until ryanne <propfemale> is here  
have to get off my ass and go wash the car and buy baby shower invites     if you want to come to my shower let me know so i can make sure to get an invite out to ya 
"wondering if doing things for another is the smartest thing for me to do    he played me for a fool last time, maybe he is doing it again   heads a runnin"
well after a long and eventful day of running around getting almost nothing important done   i'm off to bed   the kiddies make it look comfy  goodnight all and thanks again for your words of advice   mental notes taken!!
asking for a little understanding and maybe a response i guess is too much   i've done it this far on my own  need to remember i am stronger than i feel right now  
pizza gave me heartburn   ouch  
boy oh boy!! having another girl    lol
happy fathers day to all the fathers out there!!
my baby girl <propfemale> isn't having a very good weekend!! poor thing needs to be put in a rubber room so she can't get hurt anymore!!
"can't even responed guess everyone was right!! oh well, life goes on!!"
"i'm off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of oz, because of the wonderful things he does!! lol    popped into my head while i was showering for some reason!! lol"
just got home from getting my toes done    gonna hop in the shower and go find out what's wrong with my f***ing car    it could always be worse!!
omg!! only 58 more days until ryanne is born   time is going by to fast!! starting to freak out alittle  
only gained 2 pounds this last month    been cutting back on those lemonheads   lol
made the date for my c-section august 20th at 9am   ready or not here she comes   hopefully her father can make it!!
you will be missed <propfemale>   may you rest in peace  
can't help but look at this picture of my little <propfirst> <propfirst> and laugh  lol
"well, it's off to bed for me     have baby shower invites to do in the morning and a birthday party at the park in the afternoon   full day ahead  "
the sad part is that you have nothing better to do then call me and talk shit about the child inside me   bitch you lucky i'm pregnant   the bigger they are the harder they fall!!
tired but have to go take care of business    you would think when my kids go to their dads i would relax but nope   oh well!!
at my book study   looking forward to having a good time tonight  
"they say you can't please everyone so you might \as well please yourself   um hm well alrighty then  ^o~o^"
"sometimes wonders if what could have been, \really should have been or if i should just be thankful for \unanswered prayers ??"
is thinking   and yes you should be scared   love  love 
"the\ first thing i see in the morning & the last thing i see at night \are the faces of my beautiful babies  and the thought of them all day \long keeps me going!  love  love "
"it doesn't matter what they say   words  are \just a game   it's the actions and time they spend with you that show \you who a person really is  love  love "
"spend each day like it is your last day  enjoy \your family and your friends   and never look back   you'll be missed grandpa  r i p  i love you!  love  love "
"spread\ me apart slowly, lick me with your tongue, grab my side and eat my \cream, damn oreos are awesome!"
whoever made up the phrase \nothing is \,ee1297 laugh 4a930aaa024f707ed5504b41,"sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can \change your life forever "
today is about making me happy   been pushing my needs and wants aside for to long   my happiness is more important than trying to make others happy   damn took me awhile to figure that one out  
so done with being pregnant   my emotional mood swings are giving me whiplash
my car and i don't do well in the heat but i have to go to the doctors to make sure ryanne and i are doing okay   can't wait until she is born   prego+ heat = grumpy mommmy
so it doesn't look like ryanne is going to wait until the 20th of august   as long as she waits until the end of this month she should be fine  gave me meds to mature her lungs just to be on the safe side
baby shower day! thank you to all that are coming means a lot to me! see you soon  
"it's better to be happy and be yourself than to\ lie to yourself, please somebody else and be unhappy the rest of your \life    love "
"r i p <propfemale>   i love you dad, <propfemale> and <propmale> jr  "
"when\ someone you had great respect for becomes a memory, your memories will \become ever lasting treasures  r i p <propfemale>"
"if you're going to judge me on my past \then your not worth being in my future!!"
"men are like unicorns    you think you found a \real one until you really look and all you found was a jackass with a \plunger on his forehead"
"b o r e d   the inability for ones brain to stay\ occupied with a robust amount of entertainment to keep one in a \delightful mood   that's me!"
"while you can't go back and make a brand new \start, you can start from now and make a brand new end   love  love "
this sucks   want to see my baby girl but playing the waiting game  
just drank the nastiest stuff ever hopefully it helps move this delivery along  
"update: contractions 5 to 10 <propfemale> apart, lost plug, dilalated to 2, doctor wants to do an a<propfemale>o to make sure ryanne's lungs are mature (<propfirst> <propfirst> was early and had lung issues) so doctor wants to be on the safe side, if mature we just might see her today     love  love "
"update: ryanne's lungs aren't ready, my doc says to try and hold out alittle longer   go back to the doc's on monday, he says most likely sometime next week  i'm really uncomfy but i don't want to have another baby in nicu  can't go through that alone  "
update: ryanne's trying to make her way out   holding out the best i can   just resting and hanging out with my other little one's   go to the doctors on monday hoping for some news on when i'm going to see my little girl   more to come love  love 
ryanne <propfemale> is finally here   6 pounds 6 oz and 20 and 2 3rd's long  she just made it into the room with  me and is doing great  
"mellanie is awesome   missing my babies, counting down the days until my family is whole  life is good!"
"happiness is not having what you want  it is \wanting what you have!  love  love "
\have\,ee1297 laugh 4a930aaa024f707ed5504b41,"what a puzzle life is-- just when you think \you've got the last piece, its just the start to a whole different \puzzle "
"enjoys the simple things in life, a warm <propfemale> \day , laughter of a child, and knowing i am loved  love  love "
something about hospital's keeps mellanie awake   she doesn't want to sleep just looks around taking in the wonderful view of white walls!
love being loved and love the fact i can love others back today! missing my babies but we'll be home soon!
mellanie keeps smiling would like to think it's because she sees me but it's most likely gas!  love  love 
just walked into the house to see mellanie being held by my man   he cares for her more than her own father! sad and awesome at the same time
have to finish court paperwork    here i go again   at least i know this time won't be hard
finally life is getting back to semi normal   need a meeting
mellanie jandice is gone and she is gaining an qz a day  almost back to her birth weight!! yahoo! the magic  of boobie milk!
"mellanie's eyes are so blue i hope they stay that way    i love being a mother, couldn't picture my life being any other way!!"
"before i had kids, i never thought i needed help \to go to the bathroom! but obviously i was wrong!"
just squirt myself in the face with breast milk   been a long day!!  smile 
"so apparently, they don't sell sanity at walmart \ its a shame, because they <propfemale> everything else for such low prices   "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
"i'm the kind of person who laughs at a joke the \1st time you tell it to me   the 2nd time when you e playful lain it to me  and\ 5 minutes later when i finally get it!"
really bothered by the fact mellanie's dad doesn't give a rats ass about her  thought i would be ok but i'm not
"i don't know if i believe in true love, but i know i've never loved anyone the way i love you!!"
so just cause i believe something in things you don't you can't respect me! your  close minded a**
i tried hard this time! i really did! so why do i feel like i failed!
feeling a little better thanks to my <propfemale>!!
blood isn't always thicker than water! the water in my life is way thicker than blood 
you would think that having a nasty headache would stop my head from running! but nope it's not!
"don't want a knight in shining armour, what i \really want is a loser in aluminum foil who trips up the stairs at the \castle and names the dragon after me!"
"just going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk \like everything is perfect, act like it's just a dream, and pretend like\ it's not hurting me"
"never give up on the person you love, because one day you will find out the reason why you loved them  you love them for a reason  not just for fun!  love "
"somethings you cannot change, somethings you can, so change what you must, so you can be who you want to be tomorrow!!"
been along ass two weeks   it's nice to know that as sick as i am i can get better  lol
i'm not crazy i just mentally checked out for a couple days!!
"smog done, insurance got it, fuel pump with moms help! feels good to get things done!"
"i'm trying to hide from the men in the white \coats, but laughing my ass off because my invisible friend is naked"
"i understand hooters is a restaurant, so tell \me, if they delivered what would they be called? knockers?"
"if it is true that what doesn't kill you makes \you stronger by the time i get through this i will be xena warrior \<propfemale>!"
so freaking angry i bit my tongue   ouch
"join the dark side? ha, i am their leader "
  warning: i speak before i think 
"why is it we want what we can't have, and don't want what we do have, and never end up with what is truly best for us?"
"be more concerned with your character and not your reputation  your character is who you really are, and your reputation is merely who others think you are "
where is far far away and how do i get there?  wink 
"everyone makes mistakes, and sometimes the hardest part isn't admitting you've made a mistake, its moving on, and learning from it "
"    yes i am f i n e  (frantic, insane, neurotic and emotional)"
"it's amazing how you can have to worst day ever, but still laugh at yourself when you push a door that says pull "
"seriously?! think about this for a moment      a sponge, mr  crab and <propfirst> cheeks all live in bikini bottom       need i say more?"
"pumpkins, bats, black cats, <propfemale>, ghosts oh my! this is halloween baby!!!"
i would show you how i really feel but i wasn't born with enough middle fingers to show you with 
"may look like a stressed-out, bi-polar chick but underneath it all, stands one strong woman ready to take on the world!"
"looking at things in a new way   need a new way of doing things, if i  want different outcomes! feeling better than i have in a while"
day one    so far so good!!
day one   restless already!! this sucks!!
"wishing things would have worked out different, but everything happens for reason right??"
off to never never land   made it 24  hours  i made it one hour at a time by the grace of my high power and friends like <propfemale>!!
day two!!
fuck ya   like how people in the program only help you if you have cash  don't some foot work and you to may be able to sleep in your car!!
this sucks!!
"going to go to work soon, will worry about where i'm going to sleep later!!"
at work   about to make some lunch!!
work is slow    but damn sober people are entertaining
waiting to visit my three j's    miss them so much   working is awesome!!
got to visit my three j's    i love them so much   they dog piled me and i loved every second of it 
"getting ready to go to work, training is over time to test my skills!!"
"you a piece of work   you think i'm going to let you take my daughter, you fucked jj and i up i'll be damned u do the same to <propmale>"
at work staying out of trouble!! trying to keep a positive frame of mind!!
going to see my j's today and my <propmale> tomorrow couldn't ask for anything better than being with the kiddies!!
"i love my <propfemale> she gave me roses and colored me a picture, <propfirst> is my little man gotta love him, and <propfemale> is my little mini me  love my j's!!"
got called into work  awesome way to start the day  going to see mellanie later  good day
"woke up got called into work!! get to see mellanie later, today is going to be a good day!!"
visiting my smellanie   i loves her!!
"i love the rain, love love love it!!"
"ok! so i have decided to start a new chapter in my life called being happy! i will do whatever it takes to make this happen!  smile  look out world, here i come!"
even when we face setbacks in our lives we can turn them into comebacks when we use our determination to fight through and overcome the hard times
"radiating the alluring, seductive glow of pure awesomeness today!"
"taking time to take a good hard look at myself and my life, find out what i have the power to change and the rest is going to my higher power!! let go and let god!"
"meeting, sleep, work!! yuck!! 5am wake up! mornings don't like me!"
"sunday day of rest, wait i'm at work!!"
yahoo    go packers go packers!!
i should be in bed but nope getting the third degree!!
"i got a dollar, i got a dollar, i got a dollar!! in a good mood!!"
i'm so going to need a nap today!
why is it all i can think about right now is how you and your lips!! damn men!!
french fries and mayo   best stuff on earth
counting down to naptime   30 <propfemale>
locked my keys in the car!!  sad 
going to see my j's tonight!! i have missed them so much  i won't miss this time with them for the world!!
going to see my j's tonight!! i have missed them so much  i'm all smiles!!
i'm about to see the love of my life 
they like me they really like me!! i love love!!
what the fuck ever!!
sit on it and spin a**hole
you sunk my battleship!! in a funky mood
miss my smellanie!! i want her home now!!
yup yup    whatever
going to hopefully go to my j's soon!!
"<propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfirst> you guys rock!! my day is now complete  thanks <propfirst>"
"ready and willing, all in your hands god!!"
had a gloomy day!! i know my j's will make it better!!
drinking my glass of haterade    sad 
woke up to an email saying happy thanksgiving from my dad felt good until i realized it was mass email signed <propmale> 
hope my j's and my smellanie have a  happy thanksgiving!! i miss you and love you lots!
getting ready to leave for work!! need to get out of my head and try and enjoy my day!!
missing mellanie's first thanksgiving sucks!
trying to feel better! happy first thankgiving mellanie! mommy loves you!
why do i get this feeling i'm getting brushed off!! sucks
going to bed soon  had a emotionally crappy day! was hoping to get to see someone but nope!!
"feeling better today!! need some questions answered, but can't seem to get up the courage to ask them!!"
going to work this afternoon   come  on down and visit me!
emotions can be a bummer sometimes   time to do some writing!!
looking forward to relaxing with my friend at a stress free house!
"a good nights sleep does a body and mind good  feeling good, looking forward to seeing my j's today!!"
i love <propfemale>  just when i start to feel like i giving up she gives me   of all the reason not too!
this is one of those nights when i just wanna lay next to an incredible guy and cuddle   but i guess my pillow will have to do
"my phone is broken until tuesday, i'm bummed connect  me here or leave a message on my phone"
i am a brilliant brunette with lots of blond moments!  smile 
"relationships are like shoes: some have a perfect fit, some need to be broken in, & some no matter how many times you wear them they will still hurt "
what if the light at the end of the tunnel is just the devil with a flashlight?
i'm a donkey!!!
"feeling like myself again  off to see my kids, then work! i can do this just wish i had someone to talk to but whatever  i can do this!!"
picking up <propfemale> from her first day at school  it's only by being sober and doing the footwork to stay sober 
at work!! come on down and see me!
can tell by how many i've changed my status in one hour that i'm having an emotionally funked day!
not worth using over!! got more important things to worry about!
"going to the laundry mat! yahoo, getting things done on my day off!"
can't wait to see my j's tonight!! miss my smellanie so much! can't wait for her to come home  sad 
"my friend was shot in the back the other night! he is in stable condition,  i'm praying for you <propfirst>    love ya"
the little car that could   finally couldn't  
miss my smellanie she coming home tomorrow! yahoo    can't wait to see her!
in a bad place today   counting down the hours until i see mellanie 
awesome way to start the day!! a smile on my face and a song in my heart! mellanie's home!!
i owe you girls! if it wasn't for my roomies i wouldn't have been able to see mellanie!! i've missed her so much!
"hate when guys use dumb reasons why the ingore you!! all you have to say is that \i'm just not that into you\"" end of story"""
"mentally drained and physically exhausted or physically drained and mentally exhausted   either way, i'm done!!"
"wow, and i thought things couldn't get worse!! fu** can't trust anyone!"
things suck right now but im still standing! haven't given up!
"been a long day    going through it right now, hoping to make it to the  other side in one piece!"
"friends of mine talk about riding butt naked on a big wheel, i tried it but my legs were to long to pedal   smile "
having a good calm night at work! get to ride my big wheel home  smile 
come on 830   so tired! hate the fact that my night isn't stress free  no relaxing for me!
why would a mother try and keep a daughter from child?? i hate this!
damn i'm punk rock!!
keep it up! i'll get her back and i promise you will not ever see us again! done with this b s 
now is the time for change  i was given a break when i least e playful ected it  tonight was my god shot!
taking a deep breath and reminding myself of all the reasons to keep going! my j's and smellanie!
f**k dcfs! i give up screw this!
just can't understand why!! i can't wrap my head around all this!
going to bellflower on tuesday! thanks <propfemale>!
"wow! i'm not cut out for this bull snot! just want me back, seem impossible!!  sad "
at the womens meeting! haven't been here in forever
"stepping stones here i come! my life will get better, going to get me back! hopeful is an awesome feeling!"
loving life and sober
at stepping stones and couldn't be happier!
"the truth is difficult to hear, hurtful to feel and hard to accept but it is what it is and if it isn't working perhaps it's time to make a change "
"there can be no love without sacrifice, no choice without consequence, and no triumph without loss   "
"when things start to unravel in your life, the best reaction is to peel away the layers of self doubt so your shield of faith can block the arrows of defeat "
"it's the small things in life, that can make the biggest difference "
"had an awesome day with mellanie, looking forward to tomorrow with the kiddies!! life is good!!"
"faith is a powerful force   it changes things   faith provides a way when there is no way, an answer when there is no answer"
great minds think alike but dirty minds work together  wink 
whenever i feel blue    i just start breathing again  wink 
"behave? sure, i'll try anything once "
going out gonna see my cutie!! hopefully  wink 
a person only has as much control over you as you let them 
"when dealing with difficult  people, remember you can't control their actions, only your own reactions to them "
"remember that we are not human beings going through a temporary spiritual e playful erience - \\we are spiritual beings going through a temporary human e playful erience "
my day was a bumpy one but my night ended with a smile
my life comes with trials and many decisions  i know that all the decisions i have made haven't been the right ones  for all who know me  they know i am trying 
i don't know what happen but i have this feeling everything will be okay   
it feels good to be home!!!
going to try it someone elses way for once!!
why is it that the kid that needs the sleep the most is almost always the last one down?? gotta love my <propfirst> <propfirst>!
i have made mistakes but i will not let them define who i am 
