66dc07668100d31be78cb2fc74e82494
is grateful to see another gorgeous sunrise   it still amazes me how fast the sun rises when it first peeks over the horizon   time flies so have fun!!!  smile 
i kicked a ninja in line at the bank becuase i'm awesome!!!
do what e playful erts since the <propfemale> of recorded history have told you you must do: pay the price by becoming the person you want to become  it's not nearly as difficult as living unsuccessfully  ~earl nightingale
good friends make birthdays great! that   and a great steak at outback  smile 
i found a yellow puddle in my bathtub   after trying to take the dog out 3 times! smart dog   i'd pee in the bathtub too if it meant i didn't have to go outside!
don't eat yellow snow   
soooooo glad i am two tests away from being done with pharmacology!!! spring break is just around the corner  smile 
done with pharmacology!!!! whohoo! spring break here i come 
won state! now going to <propmale> for nationals in forensic medecine all e playful enses paid!!! what's even better is all my best buds won too!  smile 
having a blast in <propmale>!
back to school after a very happy ending to a scary situation  i am so thankful that i live in a town where everyone comes together to help each other when a crisis strikes  thank you to the hundreds of volunteers who searched for two days in 100+ degree weather  grandmothers are priceless and so are good friends  smile 
"\this would be a fine world if all men showed as much <propfemale> all the time as they do while they're waiting for fish to bite \""~vaughn <propmale>"""
\if you don't take charge of shaping your own <propfemale>," others will apply their agenda to you \""\"66dc07668100d31be78cb2fc74e82494,tomorrow is day 1 of orientation at bone and joint hosptial   i'm so excited!!!
finished my last test today in surgical procedures   woohoo! now it's on to studying for certification  everybody pray that i pass!
"took my national certification test yesterday, then went to the uco jazz lab to celebrate "
just got my iphone 4   so excited to finally catch up with the rest of the world!!!
