166d1d0ae374fb9d5083cf44fadf6b40
goin to help my mom at the church and try to get my school rollin
i love my baby she is my world!!!
all these limp <propmale> aliens say i got girth!  i bought a telescope so i could holler back at earth!
gonna blow something up!
goin to the eye doc today!
i hope i get to talk to me <propfemale> today!!!
missin my <propfemale>   
going to register for the rest of my classes today   wish i was here when <propfemale> called last night!
going to <propfemale> with <propmale> then to the gym to get my swole on haha
making my way to a sculpted bod haha
<propfemale> vickers i love and miss you!!!!
missin my girl i love you baby!!!!!!
i love you em and i miss you!
going to eat with the folks then home to wait for <propfemale> to call!
i had a great time with <propfemale> miss her a little already!
missin my baby mamma! i love you so much em you dont even know!
"gonna go to brinkley today, bout to go pawn the box to get money to go, i hope my mama will get it back out for me,  wink "
going there to look for a job btw heh
"i actually meant clarksdale also, bout to head out dont know why i put brinkley?"
"ok n m about clarksdale, going to work out then to try and get my books for school, try to get workstudy while im there?"
goin to grab something to eat then back here   
"got the shit beat out of me and my car stolen, sht from my house is gone and i have no idea wat the fuck happened to me, the cops told me to keep my mouth shut and i got beat the shit out of again        why????"
i just woke up in the yard and the cops wont help me   what happened????? car is stolen and shit from in here is gone im hurt!!!!
"nothing is missing inside, the car is gone, no keys, no smokes, no money, i got the shit beat outta me, i cant remember what the hell happened        "
"i guess i was riding, i dont know who was driving but it must not have been me, my leg is pretty injured but i will live, i am not going to be leaving this house anymore unless its for a damn good reason, i am going to walk to the school monday and i am n"
"what happened, i hate this shit and its how things always end up, i guess you really have to hit rock bottom to see things clearly"
considering military
sick with hate for myself i am such a goddamned idiot why must i <propfemale> on in this way?
the tow man said all that needs to be done is putting the airbags back in i hope thats really the case   
woke up sick for my baby mama again damn sympathy pains haha
"smoked half a cig when i woke up, going to see if i can make that last all day"
"i need to find things to do with my time, ms hagler said her husband might need help at his work so i hope that comes through   "
according to my moms scale i weigh 162 thats damn little i need to build muscle mass
cant wait to hear the news from the doc
"well we might be nearing the end of the first trimester my baby mama went to the doc and got told that she has been pregnant for longer than 6 weeks and the last time i saw her was may before 6 weeks ago, so i might be a pops faster than i thought!!!!"
"the recruiter for the army said if i have a felony they wont take me, oh well i guess"
check out the dead weather its <propfirst> white's new shit!!!
ok headed to orientation i hope your feeling allright baby
goin to the gym be back in a couple hours
"going to fax this form to the school so i can get my aid, then to the gym, thinkin bout you baby!"
missin my girl love you baby
"if you like wrestling, classic wrestling that is check out my youtube videos that i have favorited, lots of real cool shit to watch other than wrestling also"
goin to the gym wish em was here to come with me!
going to the gym
3 hr gym day great workout
chillin out <propmale> and relaxin on cool   
needs chop to come and fuckin jam that guitar like only he does!!
jammin some thrash before class
goin to lr today!!!
halloween 2 was super awesome check it out!
going to lr today first ultrasound and 4 days with my woman
studying in the morning
blleeeeeeeaaaaaaaaahhh
let the lovin' take ahold cuz it will if you let it
is in love with his baby's mama!
getting ready for a big day of class both at home at at the college bleeeh
booooorrrreeeddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
monkey sling doo
smokin sherm got me trippin' smash yo face through a wall
biology for the masses
math today and last time i went it pissed me off so fuckin bad i wanted to destroy the room
we be blunt cruisin'
gaaaaaaaaah monday monday
"another great workout at the gym, tweaked my shoulder a bit but feels fine now"
i love her so much and i fucked up so bad    i am sorry and i want to make it up to you more than anything in the world
is so tired of being a fuck up
wants to see his gorgeous baby mama
"is so glad we got things worked out, i love you baby!!"
"music is our escape from reality, it's the one thing everyone in the whole world can share and enjoy, and frankly, i think we need it  "
my baby mama is better than your baby mama!
needs to go to the gym
i walk around like i got an s on my chest
jammin my mp3 2146 songs to choose from hahahaha
we get to find out male our female in just 4 more days!
3 more days woohoo!
"1 and a half days and we will finally know, then all i have to wait for is the opportunity to hold it wich i actually the harder thing to wait for   "
today is finally the day i get to see my baby and my baby mama!!!
"have to wait until monday now, stupid shit, the ultrasound tech is sick but i hope that i am still going to lr today anyway job interview!!!"
i love my baby mama she is the most beautiful woman in the world!
oooh yes they float they all float and when your down here   you'll float too! happy hallows
wonders ver seriously why things are the way the are sometimes        
"love halloween, watched some gory stuff and that always makes me happy, i love my girl"
insight of the creepy kind
needs a new copy of 1 4 bag and a copy of his new joint
http annoyed  www facebook com home php?# posted php?id=1433957137&share_id=88242471156&comments=1#s88242471156
slangin toys!!!
cowboys need this!!
laundry mat time
how are you supposed to do right if noone will hire you now? wtf do they e playful ect you to do its bullshit
helping move is hard but its ok
screw job on <propfirst> with all this bs officiating
wtf now they get a free challenge too out of challenges and get one anyway wtf
chillin and we chillin in the club all night
beunos aries dvd is the shit megadeth is the shit!
vore tonight in lr at downtown music see me there!
<propmale> e playful losion!
newest member of whole hog bbq slanging that meat
grind 2 shine
ra
wing stop and whole hog now
sorry foo!
skoo
skoo and work is all i do hahahaha fixed my shower head though its nice in there now
i love my baby mama she is so gorgeous!
dp kinda looks like <propmale> <propfirst> in the face hahahaha
icey again dammit
unloading the frenzy on avp for the 360
"got a new 93 lesabre with a kicker 12, amp, and a kenwood bbooooy"
"my girl's water broke at 5 smile 0 this morning, at the hospital waiting for asher!"
she is dialated 10 cm pushing starts in less than 30 <propfemale>!
had asher at 4:20 pm great day!
"baby is improved, off of most of the cords and such, might get to go home monday"
goin to green jelly monday!
misses bacw
"new band is doing well, workin on material starting to get it goin well the music is solid i just need to work on my shit   \we\"" need to i should say"""
mo murda mo murda hahahahahahahahhaha
slammin the ham!
working class hero is something to be
no cigs day 4
http annoyed  www ovguide com video predators-2010-movie-trailer-hd-922ca39ce10064fbfd11eca6a569f004
hamburgers   cheesburgers   furburgers   suckamyburger!
you hafta get ufc 2010
wonders exactly the precise number of shirts hulk hogan has ripped off in his lifetime    i bet it is in the millions
wants some new ink
going tonight to watch ufc lesnar vs carwin    either at hooters or fox n hounds come on and chill with me drink beers and watch beatdowns   
"and still ufc heavyweight champion of the world <propmale> \no nickname needed\"" motherfucking lesnar due to a choke middle of second round after eating every single punch <propfirst> could throw!!!!!!!!!!"""
lullillilly lullz
dilligently fucking my sons mom!
asher and i love his mommy!
loves his fiance' more than anything in the world!
born of <propfemale>
start commenting the sotd (means song of the day by the way)
truckin and fuckin
september 10 <propfirst> texas avenged sevenfold   i will be there
fucking special ops!!!!!fuck
smells like somebody shit in your cereal!!!!   <propfemale>
suck it and fuck it
doin the doodoo in whole hog
shit fuck and taldo tarded
fail that class and imma whoop yo ass!
off to spring river today and i am ready for my vacation
back from spring river canoeing and camping kicked ass!
who can make it to lr tonight for green jelly?  8 bux at <propfemale>'s starts at 9
http annoyed  www bushmaster com catalog_xm15_bcwa3f_16d-xxx asp
"jammed ie a motherfucker last night it was awesome, my boys got a lot of new toys for the jam room!!"
are you ready for some fucking football?
jeeeeeerrrrryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
coffee and whisky (insert like button here)
i miss my baby and his mama i love you guys come home soon
bang yo' head against the stage!
bloan load
http annoyed  www myspace com solinertia
midolize it!
go into the water   live there die there!
we's gonna be bigger'n jeesus
that shit will fuck you up like perkiset!
macho fuckin madness
working <propmale> day 2 weeks till fungus is amoungus
sonnen got tapped if he would have made it to the decision he would have taken spiders belt tapped at the end of the 5th he feels like a punk lol
cowboys win a dull game
i'm not sayin big sexy's the man no i'm the man i'm the macho man yea
fighting <propmale> <propfemale> is like eating chinese food 20 <propfemale> after i do it i am going to want to do it again-chael sonnen
im not dog the bounty <propmale> i do no issue apologies lol
"my son takes his bottle with his own hands now and eats by himself, still have to feed him the solids but that is ok"
i think i need machaholics anonymous
just took the codest shower in history haha
"i just saw <propmale> <propmale> strait punch slater in the face, never thought that would happen, slater took him to the ground and punched him in the face too violence in saved by the <propfemale>"
everyone should watch kick ass it is actually funny as hell
"it's time to hassel the \hoff\"""""
my pic shows why jui jitsu is the shit look at that face   bloody and winning oooh yea
asher hates grits lol
"college dorm rodeo, ya get a volunteer to bring a fatty to his room, when their in the middle of gettin it on, the college buddys barge in, hold her down while one sits on her back and rides her while she is bucking trying to get away  "
my fuckin 360 red ringed i bout it when they first came out so meh i am going to get the new one that just came out when i get my monies
new res  evil movie coming to a sperm imporium near you
nymphetamines
who wins between boxing legend <propfirst> <propmale> or 5 time ufc champion <propfirst> coture?
also tonight benividez vs <propfirst> 2 on vs channel the first fight is on right nizzy
"wec card was the shit last night, <propfirst> <propmale> defends his title on vs tv for free sep 30"
"keep my name out ya mouth, and i'll keep my thang out ya spouse -1 4 bag"
"natasnfl (id# 522127)\\yahoo fantasy football league 9 spots open joine me"
i just ate a turnip dipped in chloroform i think i just put my oregons to sleep
jump up jump up to get down!
who wants to go see murderdolls <propfemale> cooper and <propmale> zombie halloween night at verizon arena?
"my girl and i got a house, we move into it within the next couple of days"
"sharks can only be found in two places on earth, the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere! lol"
poop and scoop but do no droop
dont forget the draft is today at 9:15 pm see you there
lets get krunk on mansinthe
what the fuck is that    oh its me being fucking amazing
"avenged was the fucking shit    disturbed was pretty good but should have been before \avenged   seeing hell yea was cool <propfemale> <propfirst> fuckin rocks"
i am the football man with the football plan check out my teams and cry both of them won!
i destroyed the mushroomhead show here in lr and in fantasy football ranked 3rd bitches
"saw casualties and gwar wed night and it was one of the best shows of all times, now i have 2 gore stained gwar shirts and yea zilla i know you hate that   "
"the zilla is going to punch me   n o wait he is just going to delete me from his list, what an old faggot  i hope i meet him some day so i can pee in his skull"
"chillin like a mega villain, lookin to rock you out with my cock out"
just got back on the nets!
rocking it like it belongs to me!
drop you foo
who wants to go to the beale st music fest this year?
court today shittay
evil1samnatas   add me on live
fucking work again be back round 9
puke and rally!!!!!!!!
"vote for who you think will win <propfirst> \bones\"" <propfirst>es or shogun rua?"""
jones dominates becomes youngest ufc champ in history
got hotel in west memphis
p double o p
early morning stoned pimp
"people who get offended are pussy kikes, also i do not give a shit if it is hurtfull to you or yours i hope i am striking your chosrds dix"
"i feel pretty good except for the cancer\-<propmale>"
asher slept in his own bed all by himself all night long
wonders where to get a good knife
i think my laptop got an std from porn                            
smokin and xboxin!!!!!!!
ash is so badass!¡!¡!¡!¡¤¥€
i love me wife
quill it
i am the wonderwall
my laptop went critical sry i cnt answer mssgs
