94f6b8adea778a7dab2966b098b443d9
party at <propfirst>'s place  bottle of goose and <propfemale> and vodka    hit me up if y'all wanna head over
starting the new year with out my phone    it sucks
first day of the year is gone  now what else can we get drunk to? lol
going to bake a cake with <propfirst> today  smile 
2nd day of college and it feels like high school  especially that i have my brother for 3 classes
"this cock sucking professor gave us a pop quiz, wtf is wrong with this guy"
"why is it that no matter how hard you try to get everything done you always forget to do one thing, god damn it "
"party'en in waco, wish i had some friends from c c  here  \i miss all you fuckers were here"
hell yes just 45 more minutes and class is done for the week  smile  tgi thursday
there's nothing to do people! i could study but please who does that lol
wish things were like they use to be  annoyed 
i'm drunk way to early ha   
i'm fing stariving like <propmale>! haven't eaten all day  annoyed 
"this teacher just gave us a pop quiz, and i didn't even read the chapter"
fml <propfirst> and i got kicked out of class because we didn't have our essays
sorry <propfirst> my computer messed up  i hope you get this message
okay good night ya'll
"i had fun with my friend <propfemale>  last night, i've missed her butt  smile "
"i couldn't live to a worse position, that damn creek over filled and i can't cross that damn bridge people fml, hhm i could get a canoe     s o s"
"study study and i still can't catch up, wtf ppl what do i do??"
had a test today which i know i failied horrablly     
i need a cold beer and a cigarette  i'm stress out with school ppl   
oh god class then homework! this shit sucks!!!
t g i thrudsday    3 day weekend>>> ccan't wait to have some fun this weekend
"i don't know what i'm doing, this homework is ridiculous"
if you're going through hell keep on moving  you might get out beore the devil even knows your there!
"i want the love of my life to come back, but all i can do is wish upon a <propfemale> \("""
so i'm working on a six <propfemale> report and i'm half way done but i have drawn a blank and i can't think of what to write anymore  
pour me something tall and strong make it a hurricane before i go insane it's only half pass twelve but i don't care  it's five o'clock somewhere 
"i'm  on my way to trun in a  11 <propfemale> portfolio\ to my teacher, i'm scared  i'm going to get a bad grade haaa     "
"hell ya my money came in today, i going to shopping baby  smile "
"i spent $1,100 in clothes today like wtf dude i couldn't control myself  but i can't believe how much fun it was  now i know why women are addicted to it    "
i got an 81 on my environmetal science exam
waco party  smile  then down to san <propmale> river to have some fun!!!
huh homework time   
"a who's up for a stake dinner, i'm buying  smile "
"i got some vans, running shoes and a 20 gauge shotgun today  smile  them birds better be ready"
i can't concentrate  on my homework   
"i miss high school, it was so much simpler those days"
i'm hungry  lets go get a bite to eat laura&c~so
"i'm exhausted and wanna sleep, but i can't  got to much homework to do  sad "
"okay well i'm done with homework  time to shower, sleep, and dream    "
i stayed up all night working on a paper for no reason  i didn't wake up and the teacher doesn't take late papers  sad 
just got home from camping on the beach with my family  i actually had a blast  well i also drank a 24 pack with my mom and we finished the whole case lol fun times!
"i went running this morning, i miss running     smile  \oh and i got an 85 on my portfolio  better than i thought ti was going to get!!!"
i wanna be done with this pointless assignment
"hell yes, i'm done    i'm heading to bed people  night"
"long depressing day, but i did <propfemale> out with some friends  had fun watching the boys finally win"
road trip to waco tomorrow
who throws away love over one mistake? aren't we humans and are we not suppose to learn and grow from the things we do wrong    i know that it hurts to forgive the unforgivable but that just shows how strong the love really is  annoyed 
"woke up at 1 today, best sleep i've had in a while    now time for whataburger"
doing my future article paper  and listening to sugar land stuck likr glue  smile  like that song
finished my paper  smile   helps to write about things i know     
i want to go home  i feel sick      but i'm glad i have his ipod  smile  reminds me of the good old days
i hate having nothing to do  playful      who wants to go for a run???
i got one of those aspireone  laptops    they're so f**king <propfemale>  at least i didn't pay for it  
"hard days of work    now to study,,, and go for a run   "
i can't believe how fat <propfirst> has gotten  glad i still workout some his fatass motivates me to run lol
"i'm exhausted but proud of myself, i ran 9 1 2 <propmale> today  i also decided that i'm quiting smoking cigarettes and drinking beer  oh and i'm going vegetarian too    "
i have to find a job  annoyed  or robb a bank  
"i wish i can make you feel loved like i once did, i really messed up something amazing, sorry i hurt you pumpkin  sad "
good night mofockers  smile  see ya'll tomorrow
"crazy night yesterday! i now remember why i don't  drink out in public,i can't control myself lol  smile      but what can i say i had a blast    it was nice seening everyone"
go vote  smile  don't let the republicans take back power!!!
homework  sad  it's so boring
i finally got my military id today !!! wow now i can get into the clubs free  smile 
love like crazy  love 
lunch time  smile 
nothing like beer to help me focus  smile 
last night was pretty cool  smile 
i got an 80 on my enviromental science exam  smile 
well off to the hell hole i call school  annoyed 
"got kicked out of class, like wtf yo!!!"
friday night  smile  party time
last night was the shit! now time to recover so we can party again tonight!!! party time mofo's
i miss my friends from hs  sad 
i'm tired
"chillin with my nigga brit, watching some dumb ass movie but it's funny as hell"
j'aime et je m'ennuie de <propfemale> tellement alfi  sad 
chicken alfrado was really good    now time to go home and see my mama and papa
why do you run through my head like wild horses run the feilds  can't you take a rest and give me some peace of mind!
buffalo wild wings then to watch <propmale> potter  smile  it's going to be a fun night  with friends
watching texas a&m and nabraska football game
don't you hate it when you're talking with someone and they just stop writting back!!! <propfemale> lol
"<propfemale>, we tore that club up last night haha"
i'm going to the university to work out and do homework  : >>>> so who's up for running with me???
"homework, f**k you"
i don't feel like doing homework  sad 
all i ever wanted is to see you smiling  annoyed 
good night and i'll see ya'll tomorrow
why is it that i don't feel right about moving on  annoyed 
"helping <propfirst> move out  after we had our eyebrows done, that shit hurts  annoyed "
is going running and hitting the gym  smile 
i'm exhausted of coming to school!!! thanks god it's almost over!!!
"a year ago i entered a relationship with an amazing person, for 9 months i devoted my life to them, i fell in love when i never thought it would be possible! but i thank life everyday that we got to spent the time together that we did! i miss you and i'm sincerely sorry for messing up!"
there has to be more to life than this   right??
wow last week of school!!! so excited  smile 
i have two months before i take off to basic training  i'm excited to leave and start fresh somewhere else
just ran 5 <propmale> and it felt awesome  smile 
when letting go feels this liberating than it must be the right thing to do!!!
starting off fresh 2011 and never looking back!!!!
finals today i'm ready for that shit   now all i need is for <propfirst> to pick me up and take me to school!! shit i'm f*cked lol
did a 11 mile run and i feel fresh but exhaustd  playful 
i had four hours of sleep and i'm exhausted! but the day must go on!
i got a 85 on my final exam  smile 
i hate how life doesn't turn out like we plan it!
now i have 2 months of nothing to do hhhmmm what to do???
i have no job but i've managed to save 100 dollars in 5 days!!! but when i had a job i couldn't save a dime!! wtf
"went to watch tangled with ale, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>  it was good  smile   then i had dinner at texas road house with my family!! it was great but i spent all my money  sad  but it was worth it !!!"
"aimer, c'est pardonner mais pas oublier, parce que celui qui oublie est brûlé à nouveau!"
"it's time to go work out and sweat!!!\        is that better <propfirst>     "
the weather is amazing  so i'm going for a run  smile 
exhausted!!!
"i miss laying my head on your chest and listening to your heart beat to a rhythm of its own! the movement of your chest inhaling and exhaling tranquilizing my state of mind! \ i miss you but i need to forget you  annoyed "
too much patron and miller  smile  but i'm feeling good
nothing like the holidays to bring the family together!!
christmas is always a time to thank god for what we have
going to run at <propmale> park then getting started with the day!!!
going to go <propfemale> out with my brother
new years is around the corner and i'm ready to party  smile   
"recovering from last night, so we can party again tonight!  smile "
my niece dropped my phone in water!!! isn't she just wonderful!!!
little fockers was funny as hell
hate that sometimes i get angry over little things!! when there's so much bigger things to be happy about!!
"morning: \wake up\forget wallet\take sister to school\run out of gas, f**king shit  \finally get some gas\home sweet home!!!"
"i can't wait for friday, we're about to tear that beach up  playful "
"attention all graduates of 2010    y'all are all fucking invited to the gad damn party    on friday, at 7   i'll provide most of the alcohol     i got enough to get on it yo!!!!"
today feels like it's going to be a good day  smile 
had lunch at t g i fridays with my family     food was good as always
"a couple of shots then, ropers wow"
goodnight morning world  : ) can't wait 'til tonight   laugh   love  <propfemale> <propfemale>   laugh 
heading out to the beach!!!
so exhausted after the beach!!!
night y'all
i got a headach from hell      but atleast i found my car
i made the best breakfast ever   i feel so full  smile 
oh i don't know if i wanna go out    i'm super exhausted from last night but getting shit faced sounds tempting lol
oh dirty friends are so not ffunny lol sick bitches
19 days until i leave for basic training     counting down the days    
i ran 6 <propmale> this morning and it felt <propfemale> good   now i'm finishing the night off with some <propfemale> shots  smile 
that look of hate you gave me tore my heart into a billion pieces  sad 
<propfemale> nuevo tiempo para comenzar a moverse más allá de lo que me duele
sushi was awesome!!!
time for the gym  smile 
what a fucking trip last night! way to crazy for me
going out and getting my drank on!!!
"nine days until i take off for basic training, i’m excited yet a little nervous about being gone for so long!!!"
got a big head ach from hell    fml
waiting for this gd snow
"3 days left, time is passing fast but i'm ready for what basic training has in store"
bbq with the family   smile  can't get better
"today was my last day in corpus, i had a really long but sentimental day  i spent the day with my family and said good bye to some ppl  i head out to basic tomorrow morning i'm ready for this shit, never have i been so prepared for anything in my life  time to man up"
