02e564f3b6bfbbd69fecfde7a8624f7c
"<propfemale> #1-you wanna see something ba?\ <propfemale> #2-\""sure!\"" <propfemale> #2-(rips pants)\""there!     oh crap i just ripped my pants!\"" hahahaha-good times  laugh """
owwww! i'm teaching myself to play guitar and my fingers are numb! ow ow ow owie!
"is sooooo bummed-cuz i just watched crouching tiger, hidden dragon and i always cry! why did that awesome dude w the awesome green lotus sword have to die?(and no i don't remember his name)"
"i am the walrus, they are the walrus  i am the eggman, goo goo ga choo!"
is so tired and yaaaaaa       i love naps  smile 
just ate waffles! yummmm!
"listening to coldplay and i think \yellow\"" is my favorite song now!"""
becca is the most awesome person in the world! people should say something cool about her!
becca and i are having facebook wars! we are writing crazy stuff about each other on each others walls  only signed in as each other
wah hahahaha!
"seriously, everyone go to my friends <propfemale>, look her up and write something awesome about her!"
"is totally in love with the song \yellow\"" by coldplay!"""
loves the smell of rain
just dyed her hair red
"is going to ride her bike,soon       exersise! whoooooo!"
is like uuber tired and wants to take a nice nap!(might also take a shower!)ewwwwww 
is extremely tired and wants to take a nap-nighty night! zzzzzz
can't seem to understand the meaning of gorillas! jokes-i'm just really bored! ( smile o party hat!
"has a <propmale> headache, cuz' i went to alive @ 5 and the band was totally 80s- erlack! ): help! need       gooood        music"
i love summer! but kinda bummed about her gig- ):
is wondering what she should write a song about        
is randomly watching youtube videos and loves the the balloon shop peepol!
noooooo! <propfirst> mays is dead!     ):
is wondering why everybodys dying and is very sad!
is saying good-bye brosephs! i'll miss you all! and watch the last couple vids i posted!  laugh 
my bro! my bro! my bro broseph went jet skiing in cabo!
anberlins da bomb!
is back! yay! soooooo much agape and so many new friends! i wannna go back to camp and stay forever!
has a really bad cold and wants to make herself a bowl of thai soup! numo!
for my camp friends!  love  uuuuuuuuu! sniffle* wahhhhhhhhhh!  sad 
is in havre with her mom! yay! can't wait to see <propmale> potter!!!!!!!!!!!! (victory dance) snape snape severus snape! dumbledore!!!!!
is so thankful for the things god has given her!  smile 
is jammin' to plain white tees! hey hey hey! i'm gunna happy someday!  laugh 
feels like she has waaaaay too many friends!  laugh 
is in the chaotic enigma of love
is not in the state of mind of thinking- its in the world of make-believe-so i'm sorry if i missed your call and i'm sorry if i hurt you-but my mind is not in the state of mind of thinking ~me~(lrics for a new song-you like?)
just ate like so much deep-fat fried food      uuuuhg    and my foot hurts!  sad 
is going scene-------maybe! what do you guys think?
is soooo happy to be on facebook! hi peeps!  smile 
can't wait to go to another camp with her family! yay!  smile 
is too cool for school! uuuug! 10 more days!  sad   
is soooo happy that jessy is here! yay!  laugh  victory dance!  smile 
l-l-l-life is wonderful!  laugh 
is totally siked for life! can't wait to go to germany! whooooo! might be going my senior year for a semester and live with my friend jessy!  smile  you never know!
is so happy about everything! life is so great! i'm so thankful for everything i have and all the amazing people who care about me- life is journey that i don't wanna miss out on anything  smile 
is done with her bug thingy for honors bio! whooooooo! (victory dance)  laugh 
"ahhhhhhhhh! schools tomorrow!!!!!! noooooooo!!!!!!! why?  sad  i'm seriously thinking of becoming a traveling poet going on brodway and hitching a train to new york so i wouldn't have to go, buuuuuut-my dad would kill me and i have no money which means no food  sad "
"~everyday in the life is like a \the shin's\"" song~"""
"but the lonely are such delicate things, the wind from a wasp could blow them, into the sea, with stones on their feet, lost to the light and the loving we need, still to come, the worst part and you know it, there is a numbness, in your heart and it's growing  ~the shins~"
is so excited for nothing! something good is going to happen soon!  smile 
is so pumped for this weekend! going flyfishing with my family!
yay! just got back from <propfirst> creek! i didn't get any fish!  sad  but it was fun!
weirdest night of my life      
"the trees in the moonshine are a dark lattice, so you catalog in the <propfemale> you notice, in a vacuum you are charged to record this, so you won't make it easy on me ~the shins"
i almost have 100 friends! yay! i feel so loved!
i got my beta fish! yay! his name is <propmale> <propfirst> the iii! hes so cool!
100 friends! yay!
fell down the stairs! might go to the doctors tomorrow!  sad 
sabes que-estoy a tus pies!  contigo! mi <propfemale>! quier vivir la <propfemale>!  smile  spanish class!
is sorrowful      my grandma just died and i feel like my worlds falling apart 
is practicing a song for her grandma
is in havre-for like 10 hours and then i'm going to kalispell until wednesday then going back to havre! how exciting is that?  smile 
uhhhg! i don't know what i'm going to carve my pumpkin into! any suggestions?  smile 
i guess everythings on my mind-like college  surprise  i don't know why-but i feel like i'm being called to be a youth pastor     is that wierd? what do you guys think?
haha  laugh  i'm so happy and i dont know why!  smile 
"short bus, short bus-why do i love you so? haha-inside joke  smile "
the office was totally epic and i can't believe <propfirst> fell into a koi pond-lol  smile 
dyed my hair red and its pretty awesome! see you guys on monday!  smile 
i swear-the more and more i look at my hair the more nirvana songs pop into my head      i think my hair is too red      hmmmmmm  annoyed 
i had the most delicious thing today! it was a twinkie cupcake!!!!!  laugh 
"i have an amazing idea! i'm going to do a hilarious rendition of \aint' no mountain high enough\""! i'm so doing it soon!  smile """
"when you try your best, but you don't succeed  when you get what you want, but not what you need  when you feel so tired, but you can't sleep  stuck in reverse   ~coldplay~"
"let's go don't wait this nights almost over honest, let's make this night last forever forever and ever let's make this last forever forever and ever let's make this last forever ~blink 182~"
can you feel the love tonight? hahaahahaah!  playful  it's really stuck in my head and it won't come out and i think my brain is fried from listening to too many show tunes!
i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! i'm going to bozeman! to see my best <propmale>!  laugh  (victory dance)(all round' town)(woot!) y-e-s!  laugh 
"hahahaaaaa-so tired but i'm so happy! got to see great friends, shop and sing!  smile  i'll post pics later"
"we can dance if we want to! we can leave your friends behind! cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well they're no friends of mine! i say, we can go where we want to! a place where they will never find! and we can act like we come from out of this world! leave the real one far behind, and we can dance safety dance!"
for once in my life-i'm in standstill making the moment last        linger not a race-just a pace singing my song- all night long  here it goes: life is good but not that great i guess its ok just waiting for time to go faster maybe sometimes slower oh-maybe just slower now ~me  love 
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior     we need to get god back in america   if you aren't ashamed, copy and paste this in your status      "
"doo da doo-life is just a box of choclates! but i usually get the nasty, orange filled ones!  what can i say? right now theres not that much selection!  sad  but i guess it'll happen some day when i just get the almond roca!  smile  num! ~me thats the end of all creativity for tonite! (bow)"
"there's spring in the air they're sweeping the streets wind is a breeze  the sun becomes her he agrees what's holding up her face?  nothing but blue skies passage ways to windows that don't close  where do you live? love is a place where are you from? she says, ask yourself ask anyone what's holding up her face  nothing but blue skies passage ways the mind's eye contemplates ~  love  is a place by metric"
hmmmm     choir for two days in a row??? insane torture or fun fest? i'm bracing myself for some crazy stuff! (grimace) ':[
"happy turkey day! yayayayaay! i'm going to get fat and eat as much stuffing i can get!  smile  peace out, girl scout!"
i think i have a partial beer belly! way to much food!  smile  i bet i've eaten more than all you guys! lol  laugh 
la la la la la la! doo da doo! la la la la la! i gained 3 pounds over thanksgiving! doo da doo! la la la la la! i love lefsa! and stuffing! hmmmmmmm       i so need to stop eating cuz' i think all that food went to my head!  smile  sing along with me! la la la la la la! doo da doo! laaaaaa!  laugh  ~halley's overload of thanksgiving song
wow-its a really small world and i might be getting caustrophobic!  surprise 
"what are you thinkin' of, <propfirst>? who are you dreamin' of, <propfirst>? you come down from above~ you let me sleep and let me breathe, where i need to  and fool my heart to think that i, might have had you  ~<propfirst> by the dodos"
we did it! we did it! we did it! whoo! ~dora the e playful lorer  smile 
"so i was like 'blah' and you were like 'blah blah',  sick of these conversations with myself  everytime you speak is a like a badly written sitcom, so just get over yourself  its like my lifes backup to your theme song  ~me"
it's begining to look alot like christmas!  surprise 
hahahaha! i did somthing kinda crazy and i'm not sure if i like the resluts! lol
hahaa! life is great and i'm actually getting 13 hours of sleep!  laugh  thinking of starting a local radio station cuz' the ones we have suck! thats whats going down in my 'crazy' life! oh! and happy (belated) christmas! hope everyone got a good load of presents!
sleeping in until 1 surprise 0 pm           life is good
ooooooo eeeeeeee! oooooooooo eeeeeee! what up with that? what up with that!
"celebrate good times! come on!!!!! i passed my bio test, i passed my bio test, i passed my bio test! whoot whoot!"
hmmmmm-weekend       to clean or not to clean?
looking at old pictures and its kinda weird how much i've changed-lol
do you lika pina coladas? and getting caught in the rain?
"songs of desperation, i played them for you, a moment, a love,  a dream aloud a kiss, a cry  our rights, our wrongs-the temper trap!"
oh gosh!  surprise  the new vampire weekend album is totally epic!!!! i love all the songs!
ok-so if i had a flipping amazing radio station set up in the next 5 years would you listen to it? just wondering  laugh 
"ohhhhh! i love my hat, i love my hat      oh so very much! doooooot!  ~that was an ode to my hat that i made-be jealous  laugh "
"phew! 2 down 2 more to go! i seriously think this whole test thing is pointless, people already know i'm a genius!  playful  jokes"
lalala! i should be studying      but i'm not!!! haha
hmmmmm   meatballs   deliciousness     girraffe       butifulness       halley        randomness
sooooo stoked for the vampire weekend concert march 16! really praying that i can go  smile 
really nervous!!!! i tried out for the  playful ress talent search thingy and i'm waiting for them to call and tell me if i got in or not! ahhhhhhhh!!!!  surprise 
awwww! didn't get in!  sad  better luck next time!
don't you hate it when you drink choco milk and all the flippin' choco goes to the bottom-i will solve this devastating dilema in our ravished society  indecision 
choco milk choco milk! i love it so!!!!
so theres this song   i love it so much that i learned it and i'm going to serenade ppl tomorrow with it     haha
hm hm hm    i'm going to get fat of these wierd korean <propfemale> snacks that i got      i met a cool dude today          hm hm hm      my fingers hurt form playing guitar too long       hm hm hm          kate makes me lafff real hard       hm hm hm      this is the longest post i've ever written     hm hm hm     these snacks are very delich
thinking of going to sleep      but i ate alot of junk food and i'm going to have nightmares d:
"i'ev got a lovely bunch of coconuts! there they are standing in a row!  big ones small ones, ones as big as your head!"
"don't you hate it when you get the plastic wrap out, you unroll it and just as you put it over the bowl the plastic wrap rips         ahhhhhh!"
sooo   i'm sitting here    with a majorly cool person      ya    shes pretty cool      her names emileigh    we're watchin' <propmale> frikkin' dynamite       so ya    i'm full cuz' i ate way too much queso   which the perosn behind me also stole     grrrrrr          but i guess i like her       kinda   shes mad @ me now    like really t o <propmale>
i just don't know what to do with myself~the white stripes
muaaaaa   costco was flippin' sweet today     like so many samples    i was in junk food heaven      drooooooool
its kinda sad that i don't even know whos playing in the superbowl          i'd rather sleep
you know what ticks me off? corporate <propfemale> making up a stupid holiday that makes you wanna go eat 3 tubs of choco icecream to help you get over the fact that you don't have a boyfriend      hate valentines day
yay! i finished! i finished! i finished! (victory dance)  doo da doo!  smile 
wearin' 80's slouch socks tomorrow! whoo!  playful 
"and we don't notice any time pass,we don't notice anything  we sit side by side in every class,teacher thinks that i sound funny  but she likes the way you sing "
"random person: hey, you going to formal? me: don't talk to me     r: why? m:                            hahahahaha-good times"
heh heh     tubbie
"\neutral milk hotel\"" and \""belle and sebasitan\"" are officially my favorite bands in the world!  laugh  so amazing"""
i hate how just everything here is a mess-----> but i also see the pattern of distress in the tangle
friday---------->so many choices---------> but will he call?
<propfemale> in wonderland was probably the coolest movie i've seen for a while----> def  reccomend it  smile 
"i like to folf, but more than folfing, i like to watch folf on the t v----->my version of <propfirst> c's kid song lol----->it's been stuck in my head forever"
"whoever said the grass was greener on the other side is conceited, cuz' i'd rather have radioactive hot pink grass than stupid verde"
so-----> i'm doing a school newspaper article and i need help from my fellow helenians(?) lol what do you guys do for fun on the weekend that's cheap and legal? it'd be great to get some ideas  smile 
i really wanna have a kareoke night!!!!!! does anyone know someone who has a machine? oh and thanks for the suggestions!!!!
you know what sounds really good? (fill the blank)
heheheheeh----->this weekend is so going to be epic    like its scary how epic it's going to be
found the watch of my dreams      ate a whole thing of pub mix by myself     watched my favorite movie     played an epic game of ninja with my ninja friend    slept     drank a gallon of milk     this weekend was of da' hook
geez-this whole daylight savings stuff is going to kill me
i wanna write a rap about saran-wrap      hmmmmmm
"never pick sides, never choose between two----> but i just wanted you, i just wanted you "
i know exactly what i want for my birthday!!!! starwars sheets!!!!!
eat it yoshi! hahahah-i love phone commercials! who plays their gameboy when camping?
"when i was a child, i wish i had name that was something more productive---> like <propmale>"
how can this weekend get any better? i think someone up there is really looking out for me  smile 
can't get over the fact that it's still not friday-----> i woke up every day this week thinking it was friday-------> when i told someone its friday-----> they told me it wasn't------>then i was sad  sad 
muahahahaahah     can't wait to go swimming     muahahahahaaha
i love how theres all these people from all over   and i see someone from school @ fairmont hot spings   make that two (cringe)
i don't know why i'm on at this hour    but i'm watching depressingly stupid movies about people with no lives     and eating oranges    num  smile 
ate something she wasn't supposed to eat and waiting for the side-affects
"i write my blue songs with my blue pen  i sing the blue notes to my blue friends  now i don't know that much about you,  but i like you because you're true blue -bright eyes"
now that i look back on this year---> i realize this years almost gone       and i'm actually bummed out  sad  to all i consider my friend----> thanks for all the laffs  laugh 
that chick in that spanish vid serioiusly hade the sweetest sideburns------> and they were real  smile 
"i say that it stop snowing, righhhhhhhhtttt       now"
"this life has been good and on my 16th birthday i will say, thanks for the laughs and the support  i'm surprised at how far i've gotten "
"for you were so different, you stood all alone  and you knew it had to be so -the smiths"
heck ya-we'll have our own 80's dance party even though they canceled the dance   playful  kickin' old school with becca!
hanging down town with my soul mate      lol    not really    
"\heads on fire\""-broken bells"""
"\where's <propfirst> beiber?\"" -----snl"""
"i'm sorry, but i'm just thinking of the right words to say   i know they don't sound the way i planned them to be   but if you wait around a while, i'll make you fall for me, i promise, i promise you   -when in rome"
cannot wait till it rains skittles    it'll happen someday  smile 
to peel     my heart    out     and feed     it to the whales---->adam
starting a lacross club is going to be harder than i though  annoyed  but i will make it happen!!! grrrrr! (my warrior cry!)
haahhhahah-apples to apples @ church should be illegal!!!!  laugh  too much fun!
i'm the yogurt elf!
"do you believe in life after love?? ---->will ferrel in \land of the lost\"""""
i seriously want to hit the football and wrestiling team in the face----> they suck up all school funding!!!! we should work on our lacrosse club and music hall instead of buying the team brand new jerseys every year!!!!!! grrrr!!!!  sad 
can it ever end? this year has lagged on and on    sigh     but on the bright side---> 3 day week!!!  laugh 
where you from? you sexy thang??? lol nieffer
"why yes, i eat popsicles while eating a cookie   while checking facebook   while watching a funny youtube vid    ahhhhhh, the things we do while doing stuff!!!!"
how can almonds taste like windex? people confuse me  surprise 
beware of the milky pirates!
"i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, there they are standing in a row!"
crash! scream! the dresser is on hazel    ahhhhhh! shes alive!!! i think my sis might kill me       right about now     good thing i don't store my nunchucks in there    
"we're going on an adventure, <propfirst>!"
i'm walkin' on sunshine!!! whoaaaaa!
1  yeah        laugh   2  i have two hundred friends!!!!!
"15 minutes with you  oh, i wouldn't say no  oh please, they said you were easily read ~the smiths"
"yes    art thou with becca? indeed, kind sir!"
dandy dandy dandylions! frolick with a llama!
hmmmm    (stroking imaginary beard)         
"oh the joys of waiting for summer        28 days, 19 hours, 35 minutes and 46 seconds    according to my online time calculator"
all i want is sunshine     and a glass of lemonade     and maybe a kiddie pool      sigh
is it really so strange that people drive around in golf carts for fun?      i thought not!
i love it when you plan things out and the complete opposite happens    haha  smile 
it's just one of those days!  laugh 
"be kind, please rewind    "
i really want to eat something really unhealthy     hmmmmm
hahaha-last night     oh man       wal-mart is officially the best place to run around!
yes    i like mcdiddy's     yes     
is wondering how you actually play and beat minesweeper without being totally lucky         hmmmmmmm        (stroke chin)          wouldn't it be sweet if you could get paid for being amazing at minesweeper    or any other fun pointless video game? i probably could get paid for being amazing at call of duty!!!  laugh 
"hey! if you're interested in being in lacrosse club next year or know someone thats interested, please contact me or talk to me at school! thanks!"
needs a sweat band for the serious minesweeping shes about to undergo
"i hate it when you get mad, then you realize it was a stupid reason to be mad and then you feel really stupid     lol  smile "
is cleaning out her closet to make room for summer!
"turn it off man, turn it off! it's sucking my will to live! oh, the humanity!- <propmale> from <propmale>'s world"
"hate watching the news, because it reminds me of all the sadness in the world  whoever said \ignorance is bliss\"" definitley knew what they were talking about """
"when walking up the stairs, do you ever get the feeling that *something* is going to grab you by the ankles and do horrible things to you??? lately this has been a re-occuring feeling   i might be watching too many horror films from the 50's  sad "
"hey, becca davis    you have a stalker!  smile  jk lol"
"------>me, <propmale> and brendanare standing out there waiting for my dad (cold and wet to top it off)     and my dad comes and hes toed to the max    and then everybody in the gazebo realizes that they should probaly come out and say \surprise!!!\"" my dad about wanted to strangle me          happy birthday dad!!"""
why yes    i have a flower in my hair
really wants to put a light-saber through her computer      
maaaaannnn     i want this flippin' year to be over   it's taking to long!
"\i'm amazed at the ways you make me grin\"""""
"finals, oh finals! i hate you! more than you would believe   playful "
i've just seen a hit and run     hahahahaha  laugh  but not of the car type
seriously thinking about getting dreads    hmmm   to dread or not to dread?
(dancing like a maniac and shaking my jazz hands!)
it's official!!!!! summer summer summer!!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!!! (*jazz* hands!!!)
in havre    (point gun @ head)      no offense to those who live there    
"oh yes            you      you're name      i don't recall     oh, that       hmmmm       i'm sorry but i've been passed out sleeping in the car for 6 hours, so please come back when i'm not tired"
having a indiana jones marathon as soon as we find the vcr cord!!!!!! so stoked!!!!  laugh 
i hate snakes-indiana jones
i love how all of indiana jones's helper dudes are always foreign and they ususally die! but thats only because they betray him    jerks!
"loving <propfemale> joplin, <propmale> airplane and strawberry alarm clock         i've decided that i was born in the wrong century  flower child @  love "
"someone told me long ago that theres a calm before the storm, i know it's been coming for a long time  when it's over, so they say it'll rain a rainy day  i know, it shinin' down like water  i wanna know, have you ever seen the rain?"
"i can't promise, i'm not really sure that we'll all be alright-pernice brothers"
i feel like a stud muffin       laugh 
"i <propfemale> your smile\there’s a word of peace on your lips\say it, and with tenderness- <propfemale> & <propmale>"
likes cleaning   but hopes not to make it a life career  smile 
stupid mouse
got my new 30 gig zune!! way better than an i-pod  smile 
dying my hair blue  smile 
does anyone know of a clothing store located down-town thats under a church? i've heard great thing about it and i really don't know where it is!
which ones better? a ninja or a pirate? a ninja pirate!!! hahahaha-i love college guys  smile 
"wants to have a hiking party! all who are interested, comment!!!!"
you can dance   and sing! love how 80s music can come back and be two times cooler  smile 
really wants to go to the dead weather concert in billings soooooo bad!!!!!!  surprise 
ahhh     remember when you were young and going on the merry-go-round didn't make you sick to your stomach? i miss that   i hate being old  sad 
"have you ever noticed how all the good things in life are being destroyed by corporate <propfemale> and the man? it makes a girl think that everythings been done and nothing is *really* original  i hope to make a statement to people, but statements have already been made "
went to see avatar the last airbender    big dissapointment    sokka wasn't even funny  sad  and they said ang's name wrong
mastering a blank look while watching your dad make a fool of himself      harder than it looks  indecision 
cat on the keyboard  smile  does *not* make things easy to type
"you not know how to a eat fri rice, i make a fri rice and i teach how to eat a fri rice!"
going to the folk fest tomorrow! and i'm probably going to be the only person with blue hair  smile 
hiking and biking tomorrow     i hope!
"i love how old people comment on my blue hair as \funky fresh\"" or \""happening\"""""
rice makes me sad    
my garbage makes a gong noise when i open it   smile 
practices her cockney english often and then realizes that she'd rather practice at something worth-while             but can't seem to think of anything 
"dear people, \i know that life has it's bumps and dead ends, but waiting for the smooth ride is worth it in the end \sincerely <propfemale>"
while shopping for various goods at albertsons i counted 13 double takes      do i have something on my face or something???  smile  haha
"can't believe i'm a <propmale> in highschool    feel so old and wrinkly   haha, not really!  laugh "
"hands hurt from sculpting, but the end results are so worth it!  smile "
symphony or sculpting??? hmmmm    
is preparing herself for a whole week of crazy family reunion! i might come back a changed person   and i *think* thats a good thing  smile 
"you look like a giant eagle with fire all around you, and you've got a mountain for a face "
"good to be home, but it's a bittersweet feeling  kinda feel empty without my family   sad "
it's really hard for me to feel sorry for your foot when your cast has awesome graffitii and love poems on it    just saying
do you really think you could cheer me up with satirical jokes and puns     fail    but i enjoyed the smiles while they lasted
waking up at 12 is definitly one of the best parts of summer   
"is trying to get blue out of her hair   still! if you have any tips, please comment! muchas gracias!"
you know that guy from the old spice commercials? hes like a mix of denzel washington  and will smith with a hint of <propmale> samberg   hehe    i plan to marry this man
"yes, i have holes in my pants  no, i'm not a bum  yes, i enjoy my cold knees  jeez, it's just a pair of jeans!"
"never dying my hair an unnatural color ever again, totally not worth the effort and time  sad "
i hate when i get all reclusive and don't want to <propfemale> with anybody    and then spend countless hours on fb  i think it's a medical condition that sorely needs a name
"inception was by far one of the best movies i've seen for many years  it's a movie that makes you think about alternate realities that you make up in your mind, which is true in a way  it really made me think about how many worlds and people i've made up, but haven't met yet "
ihop tomorrow with kaitlin    oh yeah! (insert awesome nodding of the head) gunna have me some eggs and panclocks   smile 
"today was weird  it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either  sometimes i think i'm asleep, just going through the motions mechanically, not really knowing who or where i am  maybe i'm just tired  annoyed "
woke up to the sound of heavy techno    and i feel alive!!!
"whos up for some croquet and ultimate frisbee? still figuring out the details, but it'd be nice to know who wants to go  smile "
"fun things always stack up! going to sweet pea fest, then flathead and hopefully becca can come!  smile  i just hope it all works out!!!"
"went school shopping today and i'm embracing my nerd tendencies more than before, so don't judge me when you see me on the first day of school   smile "
"haters be hating, cuz i been out cranking, verses that be blatant and tunes that be shaking!"
cool beans
"oh dancing with myself,\\well there's nothing to lose,\\and there's nothing to prove \\i'll be dancing with myself! -<propfirst> idol"
"she hands me her cell phone, says it's my dad  man, this ain't my dad! this is a cell phone! \i threw it on the ground!!!!! what, you think i'm stupid? i'm not a part of your system! \my dad's not a phone! \duh! -<propmale> samberg"
"if life gives you lemons, you make lemonade    if you get a couple gallons of water and a lot of sugar along with the lemons    ya"
get crunk shorty!!!
thats what she said   
make oragomi    its good for you
"my back hurts from learning to back flip    ah, but the pain is nothing compared to the thrill of the flip   "
doesn't want to leave her people in bozeman! it hurts too much  sad 
la la la la-eat a twinkie! la la la la-frolick with llamas! la la la la-get a tattoo of a dinosaur!  laugh 
"bamphest word i've ever heard---->logorrhea: noun; an excessive flow of words, prolixity"
is wondering if watching pirated movies is morally wrong    
is craving the sound of heavy <propmale> techno      any suggestions?
"a-heres your icecream \h-i don't want it, put it back in the freezer! \a-you put it back in the freezer! i just got it out!!\h-fine! (eats icecream)"
loves how she filled more than half of her zune with music worthy to brag about  smile 
can't find her favorite flaming lips shirt and its very sad   i spent 2 hours looking for it  sad 
"i don't care what anybody says, but i seriously love \eternal sunshine of the spotless mind\""     mi pelicula numero uno"""
"when your mind is a mess, so is mine  i cant sleep, cuz it hurts when i think  my thoughts aren't at peace  with the plans that we make, chances we take -jack johnosn"
"pshhhhhh!  smile  like that'll ever happen!       sorry to be the skeptic, but i don't think i'll ever be sane enough to not laugh when you fall down the stairs  laugh  have a nice day!"
la la la la la! can you say tired?  laugh 
"i watched you through your window, i was wearing that dumb sweatshirt  i looked like a goon, i was dressed for winter  even though it was the middle of june  -miniature tigers"
rawr! here comes the all awesome bearcat!  laugh 
"can't wait to get her license! watch out world, here comes bearcat!!!  laugh "
is wondering how much it costs to get your driver's license?? help?
spent 10 minutes straining pulpy orange juice!  playful  blech
"why is that when you're like, \i'm so craving pickles (or something else weird)\"" and everybody asks if you're prego? i don't get it  annoyed """
"went to a wedding and got hit on by drunk teenage guys   not my idea of fun  annoyed  why can't you just drink some soda, get a sugar buzz and do some insane charleston dancing?"
owns at parallel parking! so excited to get my license!
"i miss you guys    i can't wait to get back and see you all   maybe have a costume party, just for kicks!  smile  i'm actually counting down the days till school, but i also wanna do some crazy stuff before this summer comes to an end"
never am i going to help my mom get music she likes   i woke up to the indigo girls and she had it turned up all the way    major hippie headache  annoyed 
why can't we just get along?  sad 
mushi mushi!
"row row row your boat! why, of all children's songs, must this be the one stuck in my brain  it's so catchy and redundant!"
"aw applesauce! i got caramel in my teeth again!! never eat those carmel-apple pops, they get lodged deep in your gums!  playful "
i find a fatal flaw in the logic of love 
"i got my license!!!!! after all the missing paperwork, rescheduling and car problems i finally got it!!!!!!"
just found out that 'shotgun' in a car is gangstah derived   how cool is that?????
blessed are the forgetful
"when people say you're 'deep', what does that mean? you have a deep heart, a deep mind, a deep soul? i'm just being me, the best that i can "
"its hard for me to understand conformity, it makes everybody the same  who would want to be like everybody else just to fit in?"
"has been e playful eriencing life changing e playful eriences in the past 2 weeks, doesn't know what to e playful ect for school and has no idea what shes doing     and life is good!"
dunks doughnuts daily
i wish you could look into people's glove boxes   they reveal what the persons like
found out her challenges of the week--> 1  ride 9 <propmale> on bike on <propmale> terrain out of town 2  dub her bike something fierce! 3  eat a dozen doughnuts without having to pay for them (both in money and in weight gain)
"rode my bike more than 20 <propmale> in the last couple days, named my bike el caballo de hierro (iron horse en espanol), had a jedi light saber duel with an 11 year old, ate 6 cookies and a doughnut  and best of all i was reminded by a wise jedi that \all you need is love\""-thanks willi  smile """
really wants to go jam with a good friend  smile 
well then   
"love the smell of rain, it reminds me of that one time   hehe"
"its nice to know i don't know everything in the world, theres just more to e playful loreand to get ridiculed for  smile "
peace day march!!! september 21! it'd be cool if we could make it happen!
"i really wish there was a way to talk to milk, so then you didn't have to taste it, sniff it or check the e playful iration date   playful  if anyone is a milk whisperer, they're welcome at my house!"
"a day of bagels, bug catching and awesome convos about the mos random stuff   all thanks to my bff <propmale> phillips!"
"time may change me, but i can't trace time-david bowie"
hate looking for colleges  annoyed 
"i'm in love with <propfirst> mercer, and always will be  he is the epitimy of coolness and he has rad style  i don't care what you think, but he's sexier than <propfirst> depp and has 5,000,000 times the talent "
i never got how you unwrap starbursts in your mouth     how does that work?
"i love a little cry everyonce and a while   but right now, all i can do is smile  thank you (bow)"
i love my nerd friends    the ones who don't care that i obsessivley want to marry batman   laugh 
"note to self---> never eat green peppers if you suspect they are spicey  results may vary i e  intense burning sensation on the tounge and lips, swollen tounge and lips and various family members laughing at you for smearing sourcream on like chapstick   smile "
vocalizing is freeing   do it  smile 
first ever fender bender   and i cried  sad 
i had another debate about how ironman totally ripped off batman    talk about nerdy  smile  (insert nerdy snort)
"a day filled with surprises, smiles, smoothies, silliness, secrets, selective eating and best of all spiderman    i'd have to say its been an insteresting friday"
"people confuzzle me, i wish they would just make up thier minds about me cuz' i'm sick of sitting on a shelf     being examined and prodded    it makes me get kinda caustrophobic      oh phooey  annoyed "
hmmm    i wonder if <propmale>'s has yoohoos    
oh how i love you trix cereal  smile  my junk food obsession of cereal and doughnuts is getting to me  smile 
"omg, weirdest thing    i got like 8 guys whistling at me on my bike     can't a girl just ride her dang bike in peace?"
"god, i love the pixies  smile "
"don't run away, i just want to speak my heart  its so hard when you hide, i don't wanna <propmale> you any more  come back, i want it to be like it was   sad "
i need a yoohoo     stat!
"i'm sorry i have to be me, i'm sorry you have to be you   but this is life and we're supposed to be us  my friend, its hard, but we'll never be apart, i promise you that   smile "
i really can't wait till i can go out and buy supplies for my own superhero costume! if batgirl from bataman can make her own costume so can i!  laugh 
living the life you love is harder than i thought    you just tick people off and attract bad energy  but i guess it all turns out right in the end   smile 
last nite's office was so funny   i still can't get over <propfirst>'s magic tricks for the video     smile 
"ahhhhh    journey, the balm to my soul  smile "
"nami walk today, but no   i'm not walking   i be bouncing @ the bounce house  smile "
the office is calling! oh dwight   i love you so  smile 
1st saturday where i don't have to do anything    i like just chilling  smile 
"(insert random dancing) yeah, thats what cool people do when they're alone in the house    they dance   their pants    off    not literally tho, thats just gross"
"i love awkward encounters at costco, they make me want to go do a documentary on the random people that you meet there  smile  like the guy with the handlebar mustache, only real men wear handlebar mustaches!"
"at this point in my life i think i could summarize my life with any shins song, they're just so insightful and have dual inerpretations  <propfirst> mercer is a genius and i really think the shins need to go on tour in the next couple years, just so i can tell him that i've never felt so attached to band like his "
i'm in love withhhh    gasp         (fill in the blank)
oh gosh  its friday and i'm already freaking out  smile 
is the most content person on this place called earth  thanks all you guys that made me so insanely happy and kept my head above the water  i love you all and i keep you in my thoughts  we need to have another meditation group very soon!  laugh 
"ahg, i have so much stuff to do and look forward to o o sorry to catie <propmale>, hallie-maye <propmale>, <propmale> brazill, kaitlynn <propfemale> skoog and many others  i wanna <propfemale> out   but i can't seem to get it together  laugh  but i still love you!"
yes-i party hard    not necessarily in the way you think   haha
psh!  smile 
love that people never cease to surprise me  smile  oh <propfemale>!
ahhh-the library  smile  3rd best place in the world
"i wish i were in a comic book   kinda like \scott pilgrim vs  the world\""   but way cooler"""
is it wrong that when a sick teenager still wants to go to school after a 4 day weekend of freedom   theres something definitely wrong with this     
whats an ideal job? thinking    
can you say   awkward?
hmmmm     lyposuction
airband club-anyone interested?
"i know this sounds bad but i really wanna see someone fail at something and laugh at them   like eating an ice cream cone and then dropping it   i'm not trying to be mean, its just i'm usually the one failing at things  smile "
ding ding ding! we have a winner!
"halloween, i own thee with my costume  smile "
"i wish there were \indie police\""   fighting crime and showing up indie wannabes"""
kaitlin: heres some tissues  just in case you dont make it through the 15 minute car ride  smile 
hmmmm   stargazing? i think yes!
"<propmale> ritter concert! woot! first ever legit live concert i've been to, if you can believe that  smile "
"life has gotten dismal since the moment the bomb hit, cant take it anymore  sad "
loving the snow  but unfortunatley my mittens have dissapeared  smile 
eeeeeeeeeeeeewwwww      ?
ahhhh-slacking  smile 
"no, because ass is a bad word! ~bruski    ahhh-geometry  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zq laugh m0084uus"
recently had a heart to heart talk about <propfemale> wars with her mother and it was fantastic  smile 
"dad wearing a stocking cap and dancing to gangstah music     and saying \boi!\""    great way to start the morning  smile """
"fell outta bed last nite, and i'm feeling just fine  so was the friend i've never had and she was feeling fine too  content as i'll ever be, you cant take that away from me "
smilin' just a lil' bit
jammin' with new friends  smile 
fish mouth =o
"life is just so good, i could go climb a mountain and sing \alleluia!\"" at the top! awwww yeah!  smile """
slowwwly put down the potato  smile  ahhh thanksgiving
my phone might jsut vibrate outta my jeans someday    dirty thoughts   smile  lol
"if i had a trained croc of my own, i would     "
why are we up so late?
spent all nite listening to new music   tired yet very satisfied with all the stuff she now knows
"hey you! have a darn good thanksgiving! now go eat and get fat cuz we need to jog together sometime  you know who you are, i excpect you to gain at leat 10 pounds!"
eyes are all puffy from crying for dobby  sad 
ugh-black friday   this is the part where you go duck and hide under your bed
feels fat and happy!
"i had my doubts, but \flipped\"" is the best love story in the world  and the best part it was directed by <propmale> reiner and the cinematography was so great! ok i'm done geeking out  smile """
what would you do if there was an alien invasion?
is watching she-ra on hulu   i miss those times  smile 
i love you!
is it possible to e playful lode with love?  d= it might happen!
i wonder where we would be without rhetoric    go jump in a hole <propfirst> paine and no i dont care what techniques you use in your stupid pamphlets that were written when people didn't even bathe!
"slagging man, psh!"
<propfemale> lemieux      shwank is what you are  smile 
i need a song  one that can be easily adapted to acoustic   quick!
"spell check thinks \ghandi\"" is spelled wrong! wth!"""
whatchu talkin' bout' cracka!? stop crumblin' all ova hea!
why is everybody changing their profile pic to cartoons? i dont get it!
"while eating salad, i noticed that the lettuce looked like alligator skin    "
chicka chicka ha!
"dear santa,\it would be nice to get some new cds, band tees and some batman memrobilia \but if possible, could you get me a un-coolifier <propfirst> gun?\your biggest fan,\<propfemale>"
spending all my money on yarn tt_tt
fraggin' fog   i need to see where my car is going!
i wonder why you cant be married to more than one person on fb    hmmm  
"where can you read books, learn elvish and make new friends? book club! do it!"
found the perfect song  smile 
wishes people would accept the odd ones  smile 
i recently acquired new nerd friends    excellent
hates it when she starts a trend and doesnt get credit   sigh    oh those wannabes
"knit, crocet, eat, repeat "
"got a band name, new hat and a guitar in hand   its time to write a song!"
<propmale> world party    this weekend    awww yeah
hey nonny nonny!
i'm a chimp! more like a pimp!
ca-ra-zay!
i love rediscovering music you listened to a year ago and then loving it 5 times more than before    oh <propfemale> underground  smile 
"is a scrooge, or so i am told"
knit knit knit
to all those to who it may concern: your christmas presents will be fashionably late  smile 
i hate double standerds    a lot     a lot a lot      
"facebook is depressing, the more i stay on, the more i realize how much time i'm wasting     i might delete my facebook     just think of the things you could do without it!"
"ahhhh! i love aili woods with all my soul, heart and foozles! warm fuzzies all around  smile "
"to all who are wondering why the suddedn change of heart about facebook: \its because i have a tee-shirt and craft shop going and its going to be so much easier to get the products out there! i did miss it a bit tho, pics are always fun  smile "
"please copy & paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness "
having a case of agromania     
skepticism is rampant      
they're just old light
"bibopsies aren't so much fun, but i got a cool band-aid!  laugh "
blah blah blah    and another blah for good measure
my parents have found a way to inadvertantly torture me with their carnivourous tendencies       bacon        the smell is almost too much     what would you do in a situation like this? maybe being a baconatarian isnt so bad 
"in funks like this, sleep is the only cure =o"
"me surprise k, so you're on a <propmale> and you're being chased by a flock of hungry looking dinosaurs  what do you do?\(anomynous): uhm, next question      ?\me: this is a real life situtation, you have to have an escape plan!\(anomynous): arent dinosuars dead or something?"
"very awesome day with the mates and i couldn't ask for more really    maybe some recording equipment, but thats all  smile "
"i feel like theres a lot of pretentious people that i legitly want to be friends with, but also feel like those people will piss me off after hanging with them for more than a couple minutes               nevermind  smile "
"gah, i hate when i feel like i didn't get anything done!"
connor mcsweeney              gah         get on frackin fb     
addicted to conversation hearts and can't stop putting them togther into things i'd like people to say to me      ur awesome---my baby---sweetheart     hahah
"never touching us,\the grief in the hearts of men,\we just walk on by \\flying to a place,\better life to be living,\the mind of a child "
la brujula de mi cabeza chocó con la apasionamiento de mi estómago!
"hey, you   yeah you   you should like the cliffs   cuz i'm in it  smile "
"golly, is it really 10ish   ? tea time!"
yay! pj day!
just gunna mind my own business    hum hum     doo da doo      
"golly i extremely loath flakey people, you can never depend on them and you come out being a stalker jerk when you get mad at them for canceling or not showing up   annoyed "
je veux que vous sachiez que rien ne pouvait me faire cesser de t'aimer      oh french rock  smile 
"me: my head feels wierd!\kim: cuz you cut off the mullet?\me: what?\kim: i wasnt gunna tell you when you had it        "
thank you to the smiths for making life make sense again let me realize that i'm not alone in thinking that life always has a draw back  smile 
"i wear black on the outside, because black is how i feel on the inside-smiths"
cut my hair   again    i look like a flapper girl    
"never will i know what you saw in me, surely knew exactly what i saw in you \thinking back now, i'm sure that was the only attraction \textbook love, with a textbook style ~fleet foxes"
i now know that wasabi is not good to leave on your skin for long periods of time   
my hair is so fraggin' cool    thank you <propfirst>!
"realizing that i'm not the person i used to be, but darlin' theres no regrets  \no regrets for you, no "
"golly, doesnt feel like the weekend    maybe its monday in an alternate universe"
wake up in a wierd position     get up and realize my feet are dangling off the couch       and my breath smells like salsa!
i feel the urge to play as much music as possible    uhg i hate it when practice gets postponed  sad 
got a rasta looking hat for 2 bucks at goodwill                          and i be jammin'  smile 
"gunna go soak it up in a hot tub with my soulmate     not really, i'm just going to boulder  smile "
"cant make up my mind about anything anymore  god, love and the future       its almost too much  i wish i had a magic 8 ball that applied to special situations "
finally found a person that gets music! ahg! this is astronomical!
"what is up with people today? everybody is all wierd, and its not just because of valentines day     somethings up =o"
"happiness, eudaimonia, moth, ball, bed     chain of thought is often dead "
"i'm seriously hankering down for some flannel and marshmellows     camping anyone? aili woods, you are coming with me if i have to drag you away from your padre   smile "
cranberries 
<propmale> <propmale> project that i kind of need to get back to    but instead i'm making confetti cake and getting sucked into startrek      
reminiscing about <propfemale> trek   in my head      i love spock 
so i'm officially sure that i got abducted by aliens last night     even my dreams arent that messed up      
i had a dream that the school had a beat boxing club      wishful thinking or reality?
"(lifts up shirt)\h: what are you doin?\a: drawing on your back         \h: oh      what is it?\a: i dont know     "
ummmm   you look like a dude with makeup on     a pretty dude          smile  oh thanks
indie movie night    and we currently have no movies      netflix???? (painful smile)
mahhhhhhhh      yesterday definitely showed me that life is the best thing in the world         smile 
i love to run all nite      all day   and all the hours in between  aili woods should become a trainer cuz i miss her gam face  smile 
"h: you know raisins are kinda like sweetened dirt clods \r: you're kinda right "
very oblivious to alot of things      like men    and pedology     and microeconomics!
"i know that you're in love with her,\i can tell by the way you never touch her or look at her  ----voxtrot"
aili tells me i need to stop being a beep     i agree with this statement  but she cut me some slack because of certain circumstances      i lub her    but she still thinks i'm overly pig-headed     oink
that just be jag man
sugar never tasted so good to me      (knock knock knock) yeah
i've already watched 8 movies     i'm thinking i need to slow down on all the foreign films    i might start speaking french in my sleep 
whats the point of a movie with no main focus plot and no devolopment of character?
"goodness, havre is so          bleak "
"golly, it sucks when you find out your crush is kinda not     straight"
these are the people i wish would somehow materialize right in my kitchen while making banana bread     <propfemale> wahitekid jens bolstad iii <propmale> ackeret and last but not least aili woods  smile 
"man, its not even may and i have to decide on my summer plans  dag yo   "
i have a mole on my head   
"m: why can't you just be normal? i think you just go out of your way to be weird \h: this is a puzzling theory     i have to think about this one "
i've realized something       i've wasted 5 days sitting around watching tv and checking my fb more than needed                       and i don't even care  smile 
"golly, people are needy "
is it weird to have romantic teen angst dreams about someone you admire as a musician but in reality you almost kinda pity them in thier snobbishness?          i'm very concerned
officially hooked on the aquabats      thank you <propmale> smith!
i hate apple products     they need to go die in a black hole    grumble grumble  this is why i use zunes!
"i'm on a total funk soul rap jag, and i never wanna go back!"
people talk too much 
"h: i think i'm angry man, and i don't exactly know why \m: isn't that called \teen angst\""?\",02e564f3b6bfbbd69fecfde7a8624f7c,just got back from the track meet    please tell me that the ones from now on are going to be less drama and tears         some people! black swan tonite!
"ah, slacking "
have i ever felt so myself and not alone?
"blah, life is ok "
"hum hum, i looked like a dude today  smile "
"waiting for the day week year to be over (sigh) alas, time goes by its own standards!"
"boze tomorrow       anybody wanna cheer on hot track chicks? ha, i joke  smile "
"really tempted to \like\"" beyonce      """
rolling down the street in my track sweats       
"school? not feeling it today, so come back later and i might be up "
"tomorrow is going to be epik with a \k\""                   we're gunna party it up ova heah!"""
"so open invite to a day of roaming the streets, frisbee, twister and broadwater afterwards round' 3ish! just call if you want in and or need a ride!"
glad i'm not stressed out anymore  smile 
"job hunting tomorrow       got my bike, newspaper and resume        ready!"
waiting     
"lifes redundant, go do something about it "
"i have a stalker   scared, yes     flattered, no "
"2 french films, 4 novels, 1 song written and a better grasp on life in general      pensive but satisfying weekend "
bizzaro dream about books eating bugs     and i'm not tripping i swear
new fleet foxes         drool  smile 
"for the record, i'm a very adept cook    i just made the best curry potatoes in the history of indian cooking      not that i'm bragging or anything     (brush that dirt off my shoulder)"
"jeez, some people's cousins "
i was thinking <propfemale> should have a walk of the living dead (for all those closet zombie and horror enthusiasts)  i mean who wouldn't want to dress up in blood gore parading the streets of <propfemale>? just a thought
summer-asap
it'd be nice if the school year would end with a zombie apocalypse       that would definitely be ending with a big bang  smile 
hahahah     frigidaire           twucks        i don't think the comedic relief could get any better 
"[katrina elaine]\report · 7:49am\warning,please read  if someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air - do not do this  it is a scam, they just want to see you naked  please copy and paste this to your status  i wish i had received this yesterday, i feel stupid now             !"
"i have all this pent up energy      i'm thinking ultimate frisbee, plato melting or kite flying     and yes <propfemale> strand is totally invited  oh and chocolate milk chugging on top of all that  smile "
"ha, <propmale> show and i'm checking my fb  smile "
"oh capote, why did you have to swing the other way and overdose on drugs    ? bah, where have all the good men gone?"
"tizzed to the <propmale>, but i have tea     hmmmm, tea  ahg! why cant people man up for once in their lives?!       tea, think about the tea "
ho hum     can't wait for school to be done  fee fi   
"choices choices    and the most obvious one is the most un-appealing  gah, life is quite unpleasant and confusing sometimes "
more options      really?!
just saw hangover part ii      smile 
i woke up this morning and started to get ready for school         then i realize that its no school     sleeping in is so under appreciated
"<propfemale> '<propfemale>' mcnamee and i have decided that i have a thing for gay metro-sexual men  examples: <propmale> capote, <propfirst> bowie, batman (sorry, but if you dress in rubber you're pretty metro) and <propfirst> depp  if only there were a man that encompasses all of them, cuz' i'd fall madly in love with him  smile "
i got a job! (fist pump)
"ahg, dreaming about <propfirst> bowie  smile  we rode a giant talking fish to the <propfemale> and had a jam session for an eternity     it was so trippy and awesome    there are no words for how beautiful it was"
first time i've ever drank straight black coffee    and i'm officially hooked  smile  i've been buzzing all this time  smile  i'm not getting any sleep!
i don't need anyone-belle and <propmale>
"1: you wanna <propfemale> out?\2: yeah, when?\1: i was thinking this week \2: welllllll    \1: nevermind, you cant make up your mind which pisses me off and yeah  bye"
"over it, and i just want to scream out my love!"
need     caffine     stat
"i cant find anything these days      and yes its because my room is now officially the pit of doom  d= i will clean once finals are done, i swear! (this message is strictly for parents eyes)"
is summer biznitch! whooooo! now i have to clean my room and get some coffee    this is vair anti-climatic     gah      sigh   
"gah, stayed up and lost my voice from partying so hard  smile  (fist pump)"
"dear germs or whatever,\i'm done with this whole sick not being able to talk and what not \i'm very serious and i hope you go die in a tent filled of piranhas    \so yeah, go away so i can serenade people without sounding like a dehydrated duck thats on shrooms \                                yours not truely,\                        <propfemale> "
can you say wong? ha  smile 
"uhg     don't call me ungrateful, but starting work today does not sound very nice right now  ach, sick body and <propmale> headache "
"fact of the day (but not really because its very common): people are stupid, but you have to confront that you are also a person, and part of this \people\""  therefore you are stupid   smile """
"got laid off at a job i haven't even started, scared a guy off and totally think i need to get some r&r       real bad, really really bad "
"feck       life is so wierd  but i'm wierd too, so i guess thats ok  i mean if you like to live and what not                  psh, feck"
"bah, its morning "
doo doo
"hum hum hum, its very depressing this weather "
camping and i ate a bunch of hot dogs        they're definitely going to be out of my stomach in a bit       on the ground      uhggggg      meat is so gross
begowtch!
"fasha: so! did you enjoy the lake with the family?\bearcat: ummmmmm, do i get extra credit for saying yes    ?\fasha: no, really did you have fun?\bearcat:                considering that you dragged me there against my will, i would say no    but you fed me so i guess i shouldn't complain     smile "
"while riding my bike,\seeing flashes of light paths,\my own is not safe "
i have problems with people who compliment me    
"its sad when you're so people'd out that you just wanna curl up in a fetal position, listen to the pixies and watch the <propmale>'s speech        gosh i'm such a dweeb "
"super 8    today  smile  i'm so stoked, but <propfirst> <propmale> apparently read the synopsis and thought it was stupid  heres the convo annoyed e: uhg, i don't know   \h:then don't go! i like going to movies by myself  plus you'll talk!\e:              i'm still going to go     \h:            "
"way too much sun + not having plans work out + crotch suffocating shorts = mucho mucho bad day      but i got to see sweet sammi thompson, so i'm more ok than i would have been "
i just realized for the first time in 2 weeks that this summer is my last one as a kid      man what a rush          i'm seriously scared out of my mind       
hmmmm      a fish-el
"\so i was valking down the street and this guy came up to me and asked to me \""would you like to be a supermodel?\""   \"" ah ha ha ha har di har har  smile  i love snl movies"""
"i didn't clock out for like the millionth time     gah, my brain is not working      "
rain!
"<propmale> out with uncle <propfirst> crapinski today      good times, cept' when he got out the \double chug\""    oh lawdy"""
"i saw you through your window, i was wearing that dumb sweatshirt"
 sad  sadness in my heart 
"eating non bread and waiting for my madre to call, just woke up and not ready to deal with the current situtation   annoyed "
<propmale> potter today  smile  finally!
"oh, sweet relief! i love my family but its kinda stressful being the most laid back one  congrats mom for passing your boards!"
i hope i never become uptight and picky as time wears on this body of mine  i would hate to spiral into someone whos grumpy and unpleasant  amen to whatevers out there!  smile 
"really wierd frikkin' dream, not going to lie    work today and hopefully <propfemale> with some cool cats afterwards  smile "
spent 60 and then earned 60    would that mean i'm back where i started?
"good day in the life,\though summer dwindles fast,\snuffleupagus "
planet earth is blue and there's nothing i can do       chanka chanka chanka a *clap clap*  smile 
i love it when you see people and they know who you are from across numerous square yards of other people      its weird that i'm that recognizable  i think i have a funny walk or something 
decemberists tonite in zoo town!      stoked as heck!  laugh  i'm going to try soooo hard to get a pic with the band  laugh  wish me luck!
"back from the best night of my life, i consider myself so lucky with good family and friends and a place that i can call home  montana, you're a place worth dreaming of "
jam sesh with <propmale>     maybe jens bolstad iii if he's nice enough  wink  i kid!
"good day, except for the hair cutting incident    but that can be remedied so easily with a hat  smile  but it can't cover the tears i cry for my locks     i kid, it was a fantastic day anyways!"
"tired, but nothing fire tower can't fix    maybe a red bull too     and some green tea     \been drinking green tea all day!!! and i'm pumped!\"""""
"53669~ i adore you  you are so sweet and i'm soooo glad we're friends  even tho we need to <propfemale> out more (!) i remember all the memories with a grin on my face  smile  we both have this weird obsession of weird things    like south park, bows, anime and adventureland! this is why you need to call me up and or give me a call very soon!!! love you!  laugh "
"got music fever, and its stellar "
"feeling a bit like a hermit  when i finally answer my phone the flood of people never ends d= not that i don't love you guys, i just like to be alone    most of the time"
"golly, i just realized i'm going to be working 2 jobs (5 days a week!) and doing voice and piano lessons and band practice    and school starts in a couple weeks      very very very busy am i!"
i miss being a kid  sad 
camping sounds soooo good right now 
really really stoked to see my mom and bro  smile  campings going to be the bomb   i can't believe i'm only weeks away from my senior year with a 60 dollar fine and no idea if my schedule will actually be what i need to graduate     fun times  smile 
h: \ha," men are quite funny sometimes\""\"02e564f3b6bfbbd69fecfde7a8624f7c,"so very tired, tt_tt\working and helping so much,\being helpful tires "
"my movie is: batman returns\fave character: catwoman (<propfemale> pfieffer is the best one)  smile \least fave character: <propmale> shreck but penguins in close 2nd\fave song: theres really no songs in the movie but it has that creepy orchestral stuff in the background \like my status for a movie"
"vork vork vork, thats all i do deese days   sad "
"i really love my cousins, i hope my kids are as sweet as they are   laugh  i'ma take a bunch of pics of them tomorrow so you guys can go eat your hearts out  smile  hehe"
automatic sprinklers really freak me out sometimes 
i want breakfast     (stomach grumble)
"do you ever think that life just passes you by,\so much like a stringless kite,\grabbing for the split ends,\never quite catching the moments,\fly away regret, sorrow and dread \but stay the meaning and reality,\of love, friendship and truth "
"i love garden state, <propmale> braff is genius  smile "
"my body hurts      somebody still owes me a backrub  gah, but hes in billings "
i have to keep this pic as my profile long enough for the effect of wierdness to sink in      
stumbleupon kinda deprives me of sleep     
"i get a comment on my blog saying, \whats up with you looking freakishly like that one chick from 500 days of summer?\""       fml  smile """
"he took his vorpal sword in hand annoyed      long time the manxome foe he sought--\ so rested he by the tumtum tree,\     and stood awhile in thought  \and, as in uffish thought he stood,\     the jabberwock, with eyes of flame,\ came whiffling through the tulgey wood,\     and burbled as it came! \one two! one two! and through and through\     the vorpal blade went snicker-snack!\ he left it dead, and with its head\     he went galumphing back  ~lewis <propfemale>"
"had a freaky dream about a sguid wearing a tophat rang my doorbell and we had breakfast and tea  his name was sir fredrich tentacles, but he let me call him <propmale>  smile "
"i have a theory of goods and bads  if you accept everything in your life, think positively and go where your instinct heart tells you life will be good for you and manifest into many other good things  smile  if you're negative and treat others like crap, you're screwed!  laugh "
"just woke up, realized its 2ish    "
"rain makes me so happy, makes me feel like i'm home again "
"i love montana, never wanna leave  smile  but then again   "
"schedule!\1  ap spanish -lyng\2  jazz choir- schulzy  smile \3  sci-fi english - gray\4  culinary arts 1&2 - bassinger\5  american gov  - cooney\6  sats - schulzy again!!!  smile \7  semester of gym and online western civ ! \dream schedule!!! best year of my life!"
"considering i need to sleep, i don't think it'll happen today  annoyed "
"so over summer weather, i think i've been wearing variations of the same darn thing all summer  annoyed  fall is my favourite season anyways  laugh "
"i'm stupid, i say stupid things, i want stupid things and then i'm stupid all over and don't realize it  i know i mess up 90% of the time    just let me do my thing, sorry if i hurt you "
"no sleep  playful  brains should have some sort of switch, i'd sleep better "
"did you ever want to be overrun by bandits\ to hand over all of your things and start over new? ~midlake"
"its weird when your dreams turn into reality, you almost feel like you're asleep, floating above yourself  but you're not and he's holding your hand  smile "
"i just got a call, <propmale> is leaving      i'm so depressed, hes one of my closest friends and i was looking forward to seeing him everyday      sad  i'm so sad in my heart "
"to be alone with you, to be alone with me, you went up on the tree  -sufjan stevens"
"school tomorrow, blech  it doesn't feel like i should get up tomorrow and get ready       oh summer, where have you gone?"
pretty decent day  smile  i think it'll be a really really really uuber good year!  laugh  stoked!
"this whole cap and gown stuff is so ridiculous     its like they're just egging you on to spend a big chunk of change on something you'll throw away in a year! again, i say ridiculous "
kinda worried        annoyed 
"saw <propfemale>, really really good  tree of life next week hopefully!"
work     sad 
"good jam, got alot done     hopefully we'll be playing gigs by october  smile "
over it 
"dad: he send a text for me \<propfemale>: um, ok     (struggles with miniscule buttons for a minute)\dad: just use the keyboard    \<propfemale>: oh! thanks!\jist of this story: <propfemale> is very glad that she doesn't text!"
i need someone to shave my head for me  annoyed 
"people need to butt out of my life, i can take care of myself, i'm perfectly able at graduating highschool with out anyone holding my hand  i may make mistakes, but i fix them without help  no, i'm not capable of living on my own but who is at this age???? i don't need someone to tell me that i'm not being safe responsible     sorry for my mini rant!"
(deep breath) everything will be alright  (exhale)
"2 online courses, work, music and sunday school leader      ahhhhhhh help me "
i need a time machine    
danced to friday and obsessively watching rupaul      pretty good weekend already  laugh 
rupaul makes everything better  smile  if only i could transport ongina here!
"shes not a girl who misses much, doo doo doo doo doo dooo, oh yeah  ~the beatles"
"got off work early, so relieved to lay down     "
i badly need some blitzen trapper    
i want to know the 2012 sasquatch line up already    i really don't want to save up half a grand and find out that the bands suck 
"he calls just to say hi, i can't help but smile "
"yogurt is always good, i don't care what you lactose intolerant people say  smile "
found my batman cup!!!!
i need to get organized again  annoyed 
"i had a dream, you were in it, i woke up happy "
"the smell of rain stops,\only to make me think of,\how i want you here "
darn you danni hamper     i want to dye my hair red now because of you!
"work, blah  playful "
i had a dream that all the bands that i predicted to be at sasquatch actually showed up in the lineup        i think i'm thinking about it too much  smile 
leave me alone   
"goodnight, goodnight to the <propfemale> "
"got back from a checkup  no anemia, no blood defeciencies! we're in the clear!!!!"
"i hear wierd noises coming from <propmale>'s cage, like little drum solos    but whenever i turn my head he's just floating serenely in his fish bowl   "
"sometimes its hard to come to terms that i'll always have more guy friends than girls  i'm always going to be one of the guys, going to like videogames, gory movies and batman  i was never able to actually level with a normal girl  i only notice this after i go through my friends list and realize i don't talk to even half of the girls and talk to more than two thirds of the guys  lifes pretty funny   smile "
i miss my brother  sad 
"it's so weird, i'm a senior and i've just been kind of wrapped up in the idea of graduation       but then i look at my cousin's profile and realize i'm not the only one whos growing up "
"my old shoes, they walk without me  waiting to find, a new pair of feet~ fox and owl  jens bolstad iii and <propmale> palkovich, i can't wait to jam with you guys  love "
"senior pictures turned out really good, definitely fits my personality and i'm glad they don't look like anyone elses   smile  can't wait to send them out!"
"\gandalf is a total stud    compared to dumbledore anyway \"" - <propfirst> helseth"""
tired  smile  nap time
"sorry to be a negative <propfemale>, but i really hate that fall is taking it's sweet time  i want it to be cold  smile "
i gots a bag of bahgels     smile 
"i noticed <propfirst> bird really likes the words like \palindrome\"" \""metronome\"" \""moderation\"" \""conjugating\"" ect """
i can't find my phone    but that doesn't mean its lost  smile 
i am so peeved right now! d:
<propmale> calls me    and i find my fraggin phone in my shoe        what are the odds?
"frag it, i'm going to eat these chicken wings  good bye sweet vegetarianisms that have controlled my life for so long  smile  but i still wont eat beef, pork or sheep  playful "
