c5ba072029d34e1876d80c8897a774e5
is relaxing with <propmale> and enjoying her last day of christmas break  love 
is wishing her christmas break wasn't over  sad 
not looking forward to next week!! zach is gone all week on a big fancy business trip   boooo  sad 
is packing for the big move to mooresville!!!!  smile 
is desperately wanting needing a teaching job!  sad 
is soooooooooooooooooo in love with <propfirst> cullen  i just put a poster of him up in my closet so he can watch me dress every day            
got a j-o-b job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is nervous and so excited because after a week of getting my classroom decorated and ready, i start actually teaching students this week! wish me luck!!!!!!  smile   smile  so excited!!!!"
 smile 
is listening to zach try to play the <propfemale> spangled banner on his guitar but he doesn't know the song so its quite humorous hearing him try  
happy 2 years <propmale> tyler   i love you!!!  smile 
is getting all dressed up and going to cheesecake factory with <propmale> to celebrate our 2 year anniversary  smile 
is hoping she's not getting sick   waking up with a sore throat is never a good sign   sad 
is soooooooooo excited for sunday night when the newest new <propfemale> trailer premiers on the vmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! ! ! !! ! ! !!!!!!!!!!!!
is amused  i guess some people just never get the memo to grow up  smile  i'm so happy with my life and who's in it supporting me   that's all that matters  i love my family and my true friends  you guys are amazing!
loves weekends with friends!  smile 
is sooooooooo glad she already has 4 tickets to new moon    it's still 50+ days away and some places are already sold out!!  smile 
called out of work today bc she is so very sick  sad 
has pneumonia   sad       taking all the medicine they prescribed to me and getting lots of rest until i can go back to work wednesday  
is getting over pneumonia   slowly but surely     smile 
is thanking <propfirst> for this addiction to mafia wars         but its okay bc i love my sister
"is going to renaissance festival tomorrow with all of her favorite friends!  smile  yaaay hair braiding, bread bowls, and push up bras!!"
"boooohoooooo it's toooo bad <propfirst> isn't a d^2          if only, if only     i lovest my salister! and haaappy renaissance day! its gonna be craaaaaaxy"
and <propfirst> stole a <propfemale>'s wings today!!!!!!!!!!
"hates everyone who says \fml\""              posers"""
"is working her butt off and loving every minute of it!!  smile  i love boyfriend, my momma, my cali cupcake, my seester, my job, my home, and my pumpkin i carved last night  pretty much i love my whole life right now   so happy!"
is laughing at zach's halloween costume that he is trying on right now        hahaha
"happy halloween  smile  to the lake we go for bonfire and camping with friends, family, and doggies!!!!!!"
 smile 
is so happy that new <propfemale> is soooooooo close     less than 20 days now!
"is out of weapons, except for her banana!"
            tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow 
new <propfemale>----new <propfemale>-----new <propfemale>-----edward cullen----thursday night at midnight---cant breathe---too excited----new <propfemale>---new <propfemale> new <propfemale> new <propfemale> new <propfemale> new <propfemale> tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
new <propfemale> was amazing 
new <propfemale> was just incredibly amazing   now we're off to boone for the weekend for the asu game and funnnnn  smile 
had such a fun weekend in boone!!!!!!!
and zach are off to spend time with our families! hope everyone has a wonderful thanksgiving  smile 
"is hanging out with her amazing boyfriend, precious cali cuppercake, sweet seester, and fi-fi-fiona allllllllll weekend  smile  p s  happy birthday <propfemale>!!!"
has eaten waaay too much this weekend but had so much fun with friends and family  smile  now it's back to work!
is the apple of primrose's eye  smile 
it's the most wonderful time of the year  love 
and <propmale> have gone to christmas at biltmore estates!!!!! so excited!!!!! then to <propfemale>'s graduation tomorrow from asu! so proud of her  smile  love you <propfemale>!!!!!!!
is excited that zach bought the hangover today!! watching it with him and the neighbors   drinking a little wine  smile  only 5 more working days til christmas break!
hopes it snows  smile 
is gonna miss you <propfirst> gibson!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to watch <propfirst> earnhardt graduate from uncc!!!!!!!!! so proud of my seester  smile  then to dinner at bravo to celebrate!
had a blast at our 10th annual farmhouse christmas party!!!!! it was another successful night  smile  now it's time for christmas!!!!!!!!!!
"is officially on christmas break from work   spending the holidays with my family, friends, cali, and <propfemale>  love  happy holidays everybody!  smile "
hopes everyone had a very <propfemale> christmas!  love 
rip <propfemale> <propfemale>  love  sissy loves & misses you baby girl    sad 
is eatin a sammich
is not eatin a sammich anymore
is so proud of her babygirl for losing 5 pounds!!!!!!!
"you know how your parents always told you that to learn true life financial lessons, you have to go through a few rough patches? i'm there   sad  i need moneyyyyyyy"
now understands why everyone is freaking out about avatar    it's amazing!!!
is so excited for season 6 of lost to start next week!!! but so sad it's the last season  sad 
is enjoying the snow with the saylor weir family  love 
had a fun weekend of sledding and hanging out with zach and his family   now we're celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday!!!!!!  smile 
lost is tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loves banana split ice cream sandwiches  love 
is excited that the next 10 days are going to be <propfemale>  love 
is listening to her boyfriend as he dances with whales and trolls     
is nervous
is so excited about her birthday blackberry coming in the mail today!!!!  smile 
- thank you to everyone who came out for my birthday! i love you all  love 
 love  it's my birthday!!!!  smile 
is loving that my mom just drove an hour to bring me balloons and home-made chocolate covered strawberries at work!! love you mommy!!  love 
is excited about going home this weekend!!! i miss my family and doggies so much  sad 
is out having a few drinks at the rudder with zachary love 
another week of teaching  smile 
is so glad the weekend is here    time to relax and spend some qt with <propmale> and cal  love 
"is sick once again    being a first year teacher has so far given me: swine flu, pneumonia, asthma, and bronchitis every other week     but i do love my kiddies so it's definitely worth it!!!  love "
is excited about seeing <propfirst> pattinson's beautiful face on the big screen twice tomorrow night    remember me and eclipse trailer with my seester!! yes yes yes!!!!!!!  love 
is hanging out with cal and bel all day  love 
loves her life and the people in it!!!!!!!  love 
i have new <propfemale>  love 
is a little embarrassed that she's watched new <propfemale> 9+ times since she got it friday at midnight        smile 
hooolly coww tonight's episode of lost was flippin awesome!!!!!!!
losssssstttttt  smile   smile 
booogie boo
"is doing some baking, then spending the rest of the weekend with family  happy easter everyone  smile "
loves ya teeth!
is <propfemale> <propmale> 
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips  in ca & 17,000 in il, new jersey, & fl are cutting teacher jobs  & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order   athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise  & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy  & paste this to your status "
gosh i miss college sometimes    
is excited that it has been 24+ hours since the rotavirus has gotten the best of me!!!!!! woo hoo!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait for next weekend    road trip with zach to <propfemale> to see <propfemale> farmer and brandt!!!! so excited!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
wine and sushi at eeeeeez with <propmale>  love   love 
"can't wait for this weekend    road trip with <propmale> to winder, ga to see <propfemale> and brandt  love   love   love  yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  smile   smile   smile "
had such a wonderful weekend!!!!! now back to teaching my kiddos  smile 
how'd ya get your grill that way?
lostttttt
parent teacher conference week is wearing me outtt     sad 
has bieber fever fo sho eenie meenie minee mo loverrrr yes- youtube it love 
is watching the series finale of lost of course  can't believe its all over after tonight  sad 
is excited for this weekend!  smile 
lake all day   then speedstreet tonight with friends to see <propfirst> benatar!!! yes!!!!!!
is utterly shocked at the amount of insanity and idiocy that surrounds my life at various times    thank goodness for the few normal ones in my life who keep me sane and happy  smile 
is pretty excited about her brand new pink tennis racket  smile   smile 
on the lake with zach and cali allll day  smile 
had a fun day on the lake   watching twilight in bed then up early for another lake day!!!! miss you momma  love 
is wishing it wouldn't be 526984 degrees outside when i am taking my kids on the playground!!!!!
has gone to watch her students graduate from pre-kindergarten!!  sad  i'm going to miss my babies  love 
busy weekend! happy father's day to all the wonderful daddys out there     love  sorry but mine is the best ( <propmale> wagner )  love  love you daddy!
"if anyone knows a <propfemale> russo, tell him the cops are looking for him because we have several witnesses to him vandalizing cars (including mine) in a parking lot last night! good luck guido"
is excited about the beach this weekend!  smile 
is quite excited about the opportunities in the near future       smile   smile   smile  love you <propmale>  love 
<propfemale> beach til tuesday then coming home to see eclipse at midnight with friends!!!  smile 
eclipse!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is sitting here with <propmale> and drewby waiting for eclipse to start   smile 
alright its midnight   time for eclipse!!!!!!!!!! been here for 2 hours   got great seats  smile  i'm ready!!!
riding home from eclipse in the pouring rain    at 2 smile 0 am    in <propfirst>'s convertable   with the top down   smile  we are a little wet but eclipse was amazing!!!!!! fun night  smile   smile 
 love 's zach galifianakis 
"is taking care of some things today (paperwork has taken over my life)      then it's time for fun with family, doggies, friends, and lake!!! have a wonderful weekend everybody  love "
"happy birthday <propfemale> bear     love, cali  love "
come on steedman    work your magic       
this is just getting ridiculous   august 10 hurry up and get here  sad 
is so happy its friday!!
is happy      
is excited that 24 is our new lost!
rip <propmale>  sad 
woop woop
another week of summer camp!! then va beach this weekend for a family reunion and busch gardens!!
ahhhhh!!!!!! i just heard the <propfirst> bieber triple play on 95 1 but i wasn't the 25th caller  sad  i've been listening to 95 1 nonstop for 2 weeks!!! i am so sad right now    i wanted brunch with bieber!!!!!!  sad 
va beach and busch gardens for the weekend  smile 
"is stuck in butner, nc because our car broke down here and we are staying in a hotel and getting a rental car to make it the rest of the way to va beach  but     zach and i just found out that we got approved for our <propfemale>    we got the house!!!!!!!!!"
is back at home finally    such a fun weekend with family! closing date for our house is august 10th so be thinking about us!  smile 
is back at home finally    such a fun weekend with family! closing date for our house is august 10th so be thinking about us!  smile  ps- support <propfemale> cook for rowan da (my sister in law) http annoyed  www brandycook com
loves her family  love 
has had it with bugs this summer!!! i got stung by a <propfemale> yesterday  sad  boooo
doesn't wanna believe in time    i want to believe in q-tips and jumbalaya  ikea for the day!  smile 
is so excited that we close on our house tuesday!!! wish us luck that nothing else goes wrong  smile 
and <propmale> weir are celebrating because we just closed on the house!!!!!!!!!!!! it's ours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
day one of remodeling our house was a success! got a lot done  smile 
is heading to the house to start painting  smile  who's coming over to help??????
first day with my new kindergartners! going to be an awesome school year!!  smile 
first week of school     painting the house     woooooooooo exhausted   
"looooooong weekend of painting          zach said i could paint our closet whatever color i want     i need help choosing: banana yellow, creamsicle orange, or purple???????? please help!  smile "
flat tire on 77 485 ramp    awesome  thanks baby for saving me!
off work til tuesday and already missin my little kindergartners!! heading to ohio tomorrow for cousin jennys wedding!!! wooohoo!!  love  happy 3 years baby! i love you!!!!!!  love 
had a great weekend!! now it's time to rest up and get rid of this awful cold- can't wait to get back in my classroom tomorrow!  love 
working at the house all weekend  smile 
loves bed!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is finally cold-free! back to another week with my precious kindergartners love 
"searching the world \for our perfect chandelier then working at the house all weekend!"
all done painting    finally!! time to steam clean the carpets and start moving stuff in! can't believe we are moving in to our very own house!! love you so much <propmale>  love 
is ready for a busy busy week!  smile 
happy birthday mommy!!!!! i love you and can't wait to see you today!!
dropped a door on my foot last night
is engaged!!!!!!!!!
thank you everybody for all the congrats!! we are so excited  love 
has been sitting in 77 traffic for 45 minutes and i have gone about 4 <propmale>      
"there is something a little refreshing (and frightening) about sending off our first house payment       p s  we're getting married in 365 days  love   smile  october 1, 2011"
is trying 
is helping <propfemale> move into her condo!!! they finally closed!! woohoo  smile 
is wishing <propfemale> the best of luck in wrightsville beach in her frisbee contest!!!!  love 
is excited about finally having the piano in our house! now it's time for a bonfire with family and friends - text me for directions  if ya want to come see our house and have funnn  smile 
is at renaissance festival  smile 
just saw a stormtrooper in a kilt at the renaissance festival    hahaha only here   
is worn out from a fun weekend  smile  <propmale> tonight!!!!
*******<propfemale> cook for rowan county da!!!!***********
's sister-in-law is rowan county's new district attorney! congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm sorry but i love ke$ha    
can't believe she's getting engagement pictures done tomorrow   
is excited about wedding dress shopping with mommy this weekend!  love 
enjoying my day off  smile 
going wedding dress shopping with my mommy! can't believe this day is really here  love 
"\watery frickin gummy bears\"" - <propfirst> pickler"""
i love <propfemale> smith
sooo tired of losing my voice!!!!!!! how am i supposed to teach a classroom full of kindergartners when i can't talk???
sooooooo excited to go with momma to get my wedding dress tomorrow afternoon!!!!!!!!  smile 
"got my dream wedding dress, put down a deposit on the {happy}booth, meeting with the coordinator saturday    things are moving right along  smile  so thankful for the most important people in my life   love "
got one of my christmas presents early from zach- the new call of duty game yayyy!!
hanging out with momma bird and a bottle of wine tonight  smile 
family stone is so sooo sad!!!!! i love my mommy!
meeting with a wedding coordinator today! wish me luck!
"one more day of work til thanksgiving break  smile  then lots of family time, eating, decorating christmas trees, etc  - have a wonderful week everyone!!!  love "
just played the best game of pool of my life!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
cooking dinner for zach and drewby!
happy thanksgiving!  love 
"decorated the house for christmas, did some online black friday shopping, and now it's time for some black ops      yes!!!  smile "
"decorated the tree with zach, cali, and <propfemale>    now its time to <propfemale> out with some friiieeeeends  smile "
wish zach luck - he's taking his first hvac final right now!!  smile 
yayyyyyyy go baaaaaaby
i want a puffy vest!!!!!!
critiquing zach on the <propmale> songs he's learning on the guitar  smile 
excited about my weekend    2 for 20 at chilis with <propfirst>   going to see <propfemale> at the mooresville soup kitchen   getting eclipse at midnight   hair appt with <propfemale> tomorrow    mcadenville saturday night     sunday is transiberian orchestra with my fiancee!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
our save the dates came in today!!!!!!  love  be on the lookout for them in mid-january  smile 
snow snow snow  smile 
got eclipse at midnight last night    watching it alllllll day  smile 
mcadenville in the snow  love 
headed to <propmale> with the fiancee for trans-siberian orchestra!!!  love 
trans-siberian orchestra was absolutely undeniably incredibly wonderfully fantastically unbelievably amazing!!!!!! oh  my  god 
eating a cheese stick and        either playing black ops with zach or watching lie to me with zach??? hmmmmm two fantastic options
i can't believe how excited i am about temperatures hitting 40 tomorrow!!
mid school christmas play    go kindergartners!!!!!  smile 
"tick, tick, tick    that's the sound of your life running out               <propmale> season finale sunday night  smile "
our trip to value village for the ugly christmas sweater party was definitely a success!!!
<propmale> season finale  smile 
lumen!!!! don't goooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i don't understand why i'm so excited for <propfemale> on ace and tj being engaged 
why am i getting sick right when christmas break is here????? oh the life of a kindergarten teacher    hah
birthday dinner for blairy bear
 sad  so sick
hollands christmas in the snow
teacher workday tomorrow then christmas break begins!!!!
so excited to have our friends and family around us this wednesday at our engagement party    we love you all so much and we are so thankful for all of you  love 
 love  <propfemale> christmas  love 
what a beauuutiful white christmas  smile      we made it home from salisbury and it's time to unpack all of these boxes and bags   and it's still snowing!
mommas coming to town tomorrow!!!
off to the dentist for the second time this week  sad  then grocery shopping for tomorrow night's festivities  smile 
happy birthday to my wonderful fiance!! i  love  you!!!!!!!!!
"not a happy camper right now  sad  i wish things were simpler, and i miss <propfemale>"
i love successful trips to lowes  smile  we finally got our bead board for the hallway woohoo
posted pictures of the engagement party   i'm so glad we got pictures that night because i dont remember any of it bc i was so excited and anxious! we love you guys!!!! thank you all again so much for coming    feel free to tag yourselves; i got halfway done and got tired of tagging  smile 
"zach is working on the bead board in the hallway and yells out to me: \hey! come here and tell me if you notice this big ass thing i just smashed with the hammer!\"" haha should i or should i not go look? i'm voting for not going to look   """
you know its going to be a great friday when it starts off with a little nkob    thank you ace and tj  smile 
dinner & drinks with the moh  love  so excited for tomorrow- going to look at bridesmaids dresses with the girls!! (the ones who live in this state lol)
sitting in the er with zach     poor baby  sad 
what a successful bridesmaid dress shopping trip !!!!  smile 
cleaning the house and possibly doing some wedding planning    
listening to heavy metal and playing scrabble with my crippled fiance     he threw his back out and can't walk hahaha
got so much done for the wedding today with momma! bird nest centerpieces here we come!!!!!!
working on a guest list that has slowly gotten way too big    help  sad 
people are insane sometimes
who wants to make me 25 sets of ceramic unpainted love birds? hmmmm?????
i posted an alchemy on etsy and found someone who wants to make my perfect love birds for our wedding centerpieces! yay  smile  on another note- happy birthday momma bird (<propfemale> holland saylor)  love 
i love lie to me marathons with my fiance  love 
"can't wait for october 1, 2011  love  when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible \ - when <propmale> met <propfemale>  smile """
mid school spirit night at on the border   yes!!!
awh    rip etsy alchemy  sad 
ahhh what a gorgeous day!!!! wish momma was here to <propfemale> out with me and cal  smile 
jokers for sarahs birthday  smile  !!!!!
watching matrix rev with <propmale>     it must be love
trying to teach through another cold    i love teaching about all of the holidays in february so i need this cold fever thing to please go away so i can fully enjoy this month  smile 
feeling a little better because my sweet fiance skipped class to make me chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese     love 
cod is the new facebook
we are tween-sitting <propmale> tonight
game over  sad  sorry steelies       boo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want bk chicken fries real bad!!
playing with a whoopy cushion
an ash in a glass is a fitty
mariokart
feeling very productive with all of the wedding planning i've gotten done in the past 24 hours  smile 
happy valentines day to my amazing fiance  love 
teacher workday then weeeekenddd  smile 
congrats <propfemale> weir!!! <propfemale> proud of you  smile 
hello allergies   welcome to my life for the next 2 months  sad 
girls dinner for my birthday while zach stays home and babysits baby cali  smile 
it is unbelievable how fast peoples lives can change    thinking about the robinson family    
birthday dinner tonight at 131 main with <propmale>  love 
walking cal around the neighborhood then making my kindergartners some green eggs and ham for dr  seuss's birthday tomorrow!!  smile 
yay zach is out of class early and he's bringing me arbys!
reeeeeeeelaxin
yeahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
meeting with a florist tomorrow    got my pictures printed out and my forms completed  smile  wish me luck!!!!
almost friiiiday  smile 
zach is currently playing <propfemale> <propmale> on the piano     
finding something to do outside with cali  love 
sauzaaas
laying out on the beach with cal!
i don't understand how anyone put together a guest list before facebook was invented!!!!!!! so thankful for this website at the moment   smile 
the one night zach gets home early to watch prison break with me and the whole netflix site goes down  sad 
"i showed one of my kindergarten students a picture of zach on my phone and she said, \oh! i like that dude  \"" ha i love my class  love """
happy birthday cali cupcake!!!! mommy and daddy love you and can't believe you're already 4!!!  love 
i have purchased over 10 things from etsy in the past month for our wedding    i am officially addicted to that website  make me stop!!!!!!!!!!
so scared for my boo  sad 
