d8c34d9ed34210a141ea264eea68898b
i want to go home!! i miss everyone in az
mom turned my phone off for no reason  that stupid
baby sitting tonight  phone is still turned off 
this summer just got a whole lot worse
wwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwww  school sucked today
is at school             with tetris <propmale> ahahaahahaha
"school tomorrow      starting my homework      i \forgot\"" i had haha      hopefully tomorrow wont be weird  who knows """
have a headache but cant sleep wow tonight is going to be fun      not
have a headeche again                   not fun ajhahahaha
is great haha
has had a great weekend so far!!
i have pep assembly a tomorrow  haha who is going to wear pink with me?? lol today was a great day haha
tired as heck!!
is sick    cant sleep and going to show low this weekend    wow! haha
homecoming was fun!!
is having a good week!
school on wednesday    that sucks
going to see saw 6 tomorrow with the bestest friend chels and a few other friends! lol halloween is saturday i dont know what im doing yet! tomorrow is friday and cant wait hopefully its a good one!
wow    today was okay  babysit my cousin 
going to dads house tonight i guess
tired as heck ugh i hate finals
finals tomorrow and thursday then no more school plus there half days!!  cant wait to get out of school!
babysitting today    other wise not doing anything   might go <propfemale> out with e few people today    today is going to be a good one
just got back fro the mall doing a sleepover at chels' house   today was okay could of been better but it was good!!
i just got home      going to eat something     thenn going back to sleep    last night was awesome!
happy new years!!!!  and to all everyone in az i will say it again when it's the new years for you in 2 hours!!!  laugh 
mind e playful laining to me how i should feel if i dont know how he feels?
school sucked       my friends are amazing       i dont know what i would do without them !!
so            school is school and sucked            my friends are still amazing       dance class isnt as fun but cant help to laugh    
<propmale>'s party was fun!!  smile 
"annoyed with people that dont know how to pay attention, and if i fail because of these people im going to punch someone in the face!"
so did i miss anything today? prolly not nothing good ever happens
time after time something always goes right      but when things are to right for to long something comes along to screw it all up       its not happening this time!
today has been a good day          this weekend was fun    definatly going back next year!
spring break boring!!!
babysitting again     a lot going on in my house it sucks    longest spring break of my life 
"dont really want to go to school tomorrow, aim testing is stupid   caring might be the hardest part, but its worth every minute of it"
reasoning being i keep things to myself: cause once there said everything goes wrong 
currently hating this paper for health class  i made a mistake and currently regretting it  how to get out of this one?? i am really sorry 
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 14,000 in ny & 17,000 in il  nj & florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste this to your status "
apparently today i was mean     so im sorry if i said something rude to you today       smile 
fact: i think a few people need a reality check   another fact: i think a certain person is going to get one  though i really dont want it to happen  
currently disliking? school  how many more days? one! why do random things happen? cause that's life smile 
"thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday today!  smile  to day was a good day! sorry miss  holliday, i wasnt in class today!"
1  i need to pack  2  hanging out with dazon tonight  3  leaving tomorrow  wont be back till tuesday i hope!  smile 
on my way up to show low! hope everyone has a great weekend!  smile 
2 hours in payson is amazing   not   im suppost to be in show low by now 
"in show low, woke up with a headache  sad  other then that having a good weekend!!"
on my way home  just about to heber  everything went well  smile  school tomorrow  yay  i get to see my friends!
"well, apparently im being a bad friend? who knows? cuz i dont   if anyone would like to tell me anything else im doing wrong go for it   i would love to know   smile "
at my sisters cheer compition    aka im bored
do i describe this feeling as dissapointed or upset? i havent figured it out yet
not looking forward for the dance concert next week     
haha okay    my fortune cookie said: you have an unusual magnetic personality                 is it true? lol
going to the fly leaf concert tonight with <propfemale>! want today to be friday  its it all good!
at school till just about 930 tonight for dance rehersal    bored already and have only been here 2 hours  what is everyone up to?? text me!  smile 
"home from dance rehersal    concert is wednesday, thursday and friday!"
dance concerts are finally over! it was a long week but fun     the weekend is here and now i can sleep yay! lol
friday needs to be tomorrow    no myspace      no facebook       no drama      just me with nothing to worry about     i can't wait to get out of here    for camping or for summer in general!!
this weekend is going to be amazing!!  smile 
going home today! this weekend was great! and today hasnt even started yet! roller coasters are amazing! lol
"well, being lost in the mountains some where in cali was fun  not   finally on the right way home  smile  had a great weekend!"
nothing could of beat magic mountain and the beach for my birthday! cali was amazing! thank you <propfemale> for going with me!
today was the last monday of school    we have less then a week     the weekend no school on monday finals   which are half days then summer!! the school year flew by and is in the past all we have left is to make it a memory and remember it forever   new memories to come    new people to meet and to always remember the people that changed our lives!  smile 
angels and  airwaves concert tonight! i can't wait  smile  going with <propfemale>    tonight is going to be fun     can't wait for summer and my camping trip  wow this year is just amazing from my friends to my family   smile 
thank you to everyone that is and or has served for our country! and thank you uncle <propmale> for everything you have done for our country!  smile 
"summer officially started  the mall today was fun, yesterday was just funny  camping is up next! heck yes this summer is going to be amazing!  smile "
i love you grandpa  stay strong you can make it through this 
the last day of being grounded! yay  nicks party tomorrow   smile 
happy birthday <propfirst>       hanging with <propfirst> then <propmale>'s party then sunsplash   laugh  today is going to be fun!
"had fun swimming and playing cod all day with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>   even though i suck at that game   i can't wait to get out of az for 2 weeks "
swimming at the lake today!! still in cali!  smile 
at lake tahoe for the 4th   smile  hope everyone has a great day   love 
goin to san fransisco tomorrow!!  smile 
going tubing in the river   smile  leaving for san <propfemale> tomorrow   smile 
san <propfemale> is amazing     i could live here   smile 
"i am finally home, if i could go back i would  san <propfemale> was amazing  hmmm    definatly a place to see "
have a feeling i am going to be up all night    i cant sleep    why does this happen to me?
was up till about 2 smile 0 3 this morning  had a hard tome sleeping  hmm
<propmale> out with <propfirst> today!!  smile 
at <propfemale>'s house  spending the night  with <propfemale> too  hm  i cant wait for tomorrow  mayhem 
mayhem today!!  smile 
"medical professions 1- mangan\investigavtove science-  schiling\chemistry- kaplan\english11- english \math yr 3- kolman\ap am az history- wilkinson\anyone have any classes with me?"
mayhem yesterday was sick!! definitely want to go next year!!
hanging out with chels and <propmale>  going home today 
hanging at julies house tonight!! tonight is going to be fun!!
how did we meet?  smile  copy and paste this to your status and see the different stories 
"in memory of every\cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle\with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this\on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many\won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
"there is so much going on  i dont even know, so many questions havent been answered  what to do? what to do, what to do?"
it's 3 in the morning and i am still up    what am i going to do  i'm screwed when school starts    sad 
night adventures are over  sun splash tomorrow with the friends  smile  today well it's just going to be boring  school starts monday  still so many questions haven't been answered  still don't know what to do   smile 
i am not ready for school at all    the only good part is seeing my friends      bad part     i have to sit in a desk all day  sad  though all my classes have a friend it it but 5th  sad  tomorrow should be a good day i hope !!!!
worst first day of school i have ever had in my life    this year is going to suck      sad 
"homework      should do itself       idk what to do      take the easy way out? or take the challenge?? be bored all year? or be frustrated for choosing the wrong answer all year  ?? \\i see it, i can feel it, you see it, you can feel it, do you believe me when i say it?"
"current annoyance ap history homework      but i had a good day    \\<propmale> and <propfemale>   i'm sorry i switched out of that class    you probably hate me but i love you anyways!!  smile \\chels      i hate this stupid homework!!"
the one thing that annoys me most is when someone else has your phone acting like you     but then you don't even tell me if i was even talking to you or not     i mean really? how do you not know if you sent one text message     ugh
loving the rain   i could stand out in the middle of this all day   smile  it should be like this all the time    not once then it just goes away like it never happened  
"i hate ap am az history! this is insane   \i wish homework didnt exist!"
first came the thunder and lightening      then the down pour of rain!!! this is amazing!!  smile 
"bored, tired and have nothing to do   my first week of school just about sucked so i am probably going to hate this year   which sucks   \when i need to talk your not here, but im always here for you when you need to talk  <propmale> problem with that picture "
had a good weekend  the first week if school is over and i already want break to be here  wow  hm   i hope tomorrow is a great day!!  smile 
"sleeping all day then waking up to just think about the people that i dont tell enough on how much i appreciate them, whether its my family, friends or the teachers that have impacted my life \\not knowing whats going to happen tomorrow or 20 years from now, it doesnt scare me, the thought of not knowing who is going to be in my life scares me "
"well if my week wasnt bad enough    i have to sit in history class for two hours tomorrow   get paper thrown at me in 2nd hour and be bored out of my mind in 4th hour, all in the same stupid day    wow what a great week i have had    not   "
you werent someone i imagined to be in my life  but you are and that just makes my life so much happier   smile 
 love 
this is one of the most awkward days of my life    why do these things happen to me??
gave blood today     today wasn't really the best    i just wish things would go back to how they were a long times ago  
hanging out with chels  had an okay day    my arm is bruised from donating blood   i can't wait to see him tomorrow  smile 
"the things parents say \ so how was <propfemale> daycare?\"" ahahahaha that's what i get for being grounded   my best friend has to watch me while my mom works late     im not 5 anymore mom!!!"""
had an okay day   history class was hilarious today  <propmale> out with <propfirst>  smile  and <propfirst> today  today turned out to be pretty great   smile 
<propmale> out with chels today  my day was okay 
well im free to <propfemale> our now and now going to be bored on a stupid friday   who wants to <propfemale>??
have a feeling that im just pissing everyone off today    
3 different people came into my room and woke me up for just about the same thing   to use my ipod and to use my ihome   for the time of 6 smile 0 to 7 smile 0    they wonder why im in a bad mood   going shoppin then free the rest of the day  
"sleeping over at chels house  hanging out with <propmale> later  \\grandpa i love you and stay strong "
i dont know what to say or how to say it  i dont want you to leave i want you to always be here  you have always been in my life 
its pouring rain!!  smile  i love it!!  laugh 
     people should really watch what they say   you might find something funny but that doesn't mean it's not offensive to others    and for that i can't wait for you to say that one wrong thing and someone punches you in the face for it     smile  that person could be me next time      
"i had a good day   smile  \\stay strong grandpa  i love you "
san tan flats!! having a great night  wow  this is something i never thought i would be doing!!
matts birthday party today  hanging out with chels 
"party, rain, swimming i love this mixture!!! tonight was awesome!!!  smile \\p s  \<propmale> i forgot your gift at home  i will bring it to you one day haha "
saw inception last night with <propfirst>  smile  had a great weekend   now time for next weekend to be just as amazing  smile 
spent the afternoon with grandpa and aunt <propfemale>  had dinner with grandma and grandpa  had a good day  smile 
"everyone is human, everyone makes mistakes  mistakes are meant to happen, just learn from them and forget about it   smile "
hanging with chels  then going to my shadess meeting to meet my <propmale>  lol  then going to the movies with friends  tomorrow is brians and joshs birthday party  then sunday i'm going to a concert   maybe   have a long weekend ahead of me 
oh and my current dislike is band and away games
had a great night   there isnt anything better then an oreo shake and french toast stick for <propfirst> in the box at 1 in the morning!!!  smile 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has \lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to \conquer it! please put this on your <propfemale> for at least 1 hour if you know\someone who has or has had cancer  at the very least, they deserve 1"
had a bad <propfemale>   and that day isn't getting any better   ugh  i hate stress   and it doesn't like me either   hopefully tomorrow is better 
thinking? unclearly  school? stressful  problems? way to many  friends who really know who i am? a select few  the memories i will always have? priceless 
"hm   so if i never brought this up, i would have never been in this situation  sometimes i feel like i take to much on at once causing more stress then i need   i think its time for a break   to just think   to get my head together and to finally know what is really going on in my own head   decisions are hard   but its what i have to do to keep everything from becoming a disaster  "
sleepover at chels' house  nathanaels party tomorrow!!!! going to be a great weekend!!  smile  oh and no school on monday!! heck yeah!  smile 
"going to santan flats with chels, <propmale> and <propfirst>! having a great weekend  smile  nothing will break me down  you can say whatever you want and it wont phase me "
every guy is the same   don't even start to think differently   you will just end up learning the hard way every time if you do! but go me i have once done it again  i am a fool  to ever think you were different  and you know you were wrong  that's why you have nothing to say  i have made the mistake and i will never do that again  hope you have a great life  everything seems to be one gigantic *** lie with you   
had a good weekend  might go to the mall later  people still ask how i am and in reality i still cant answer that question 
blah blah blah thats all i hear from anyone anymore   blah blah blah   i could careless on what anyone has to say 
"nope, im still not caring, and i still just want to hide in the closet and not come out  yes my eyes are dry, but only because i cant cry anymore  people make it so hard to just forget  the questions need to stop, i am begging you just stop  to just forget, forget about everything  please and thank you "
got my license yesterday!!!  smile 
going to the game tonight!! had an okay day 
heck yes basha won!!!!!! the game was fun! all man is it nice not having to wait for a ride!!!  laugh 
had a great day!! <propmale> out with <propmale> and <propfemale>!!  smile 
today should be good  homework and football!!  smile 
ugh dont hold and you would of won really #71 really!
"if  you know your causing so much drama, just stop  its annoying, no one cares for it "
"well have to go to school now   sad  hopefully this day is a good one, cuz im tired of the bad ones "
this week has gone by so slowly it needs be over already  had a long day and have a lot of homework to do  
arizona ave is a pain in the butt  the construction needs to go away!! had a long day and still have a lot of homework to get done
"last night was awesome!!  smile  <propmale> out with chels, <propmale> and <propfirst>  \i learned much about you to realize that by doing that i have learned so much about my self, you thought i would call you crazy, but in reality i still saw you as you  that just shows how much i cared "
had a great day spending with grandma and grandpa with the rest of the family   uncle <propfirst> is hilarious!!  smile 
was at home sick all day   it sucked   i was bored out of my mind 
"homeless go\without eating    elderly go without needed medicines    mentally ill\go without treatment    troops go without proper equipment    yet we\donate millions to other countries before helping our own first    99%\of people on facebook won't have the guts to   repost this!!!!! our\government needs to wake up and do the right thing!!!!"
why are guys so stupid?!
went to the jv game    basha won again   all we need is for them to win tomorrow too!!! we won last year we can do it again   sory zach!!
"if there was to be one <propmale> to go back in time and change one thing it would be that i would realize what i had right in front of me was perfect, and none of this would have happened   "
being blind for a day isnt the best in the world    people are mean to you    
hm     if your a jr at basha high sscool and you didnt vote for homecoming royalty today you should go vote tomorrow for me and <propfemale>  smile 
"hm     if your a jr at basha high sscool and you didnt vote for\homecoming royalty today you should go vote tomorrow for me and yongela n  ward\ smile "
went to the game that was okay   had an off day   people were just bugging me and it was annoying  
i like it on the counter 
"how is someone there for you, but when you need them there no where to be found?\i wonder what would happen if i tell you the answer to the question you keep asking me  ?"
"how is someone there for you, but when you need them there no where to be found?\i dont know what to do now!"
wow people are stupid!!
might go <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and <propmale>
<propmale> out with <propmale> and <propfemale>  we went to see easy a  that was funny!  smile  had a great day!!
he is alive!  smile 
inbox only: tell me something you've always wanted to tell me  put this as your status and see what you get 
if homecoming would be in the past already i think i would be a lot happier  
it's only wednesday  homecoming i am still questioning  today was not good at all 
went to the the nest last night  had a great friday  babysitting  maybe <propfemale> with friends later tonight? football tomorrow morning  
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least foran hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still    fighting it "
"nothing is perfect, no one is perfect  live with what you got and be happy about it  love all the laughs, learn from each and everyday, dont regret a thing"
sometimes i just wish i could disappear for awhile 
"rest in peace grandpa  you are in a better place now  you will be missed, and will always be loved "
"today was just an off day  it feels like it should be a tuesday  if you were to ask me what happened yesterday i couldnt even tell you, i think i almost always seem to be in the wrong place in the wrong time  "
homecoming? i guess     why? cuz i am a good friend  
"it is the soldier not the poet, who has diven us freedom of speech  it is the soldier, not the lawyer, who has given us the right to fair trial it\is the soldier who salutes the flag, serves the flag and who's cofin is\draped by the flag, who gives the protester the right to burn the flag i'll never forget them, i'm hopeing you wont e   ither  thank you soldiers, for everything you do for our country!"
homeoming game last night was great   smile  we won 21-20!  smile  homecoming tonight! excite i guess you can say that!
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing theirfamily while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to readthis, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, butthey are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's      military appreciation week  re-post if you are in the mi   litary, love amilitary member, or appreciate our troops "
had a great time last night! homecoming was great   smile  dont know what i am doing tonight 
are you kidding me? i have the 1920s d: i hate this already      annoyed 
i currently hate history and english homework   i dont even understand what i am doing  
at grandmas house helping skan pictures  had an okay day  this week is going by way to slow  
had a good day   smile 
"i miss him, but he is all better and in a better place then here "
"going to the game tonight  everyone should go   smile  had an okay day  its friday  cant <propfemale> out tomorrow, nor do i think i want to see anyone but family, but who knows thinkd can c<propfemale>e  "
had a good weekend seeing family members i haven't seen in a very long time 
"school was okay  after school was eh  then went to grandmas had a few laughs, tried putting the <propfemale> d in the cabinet and not the fridge   went to <propfemale> garden with <propfemale> bedell and <propfemale>  went back to grandmas house and scared grandma, aunt <propfemale> and aunt <propfemale>   smile  overall today turned out to be a good one!  smile "
"had on off day today, i dont know what was bugging me but it was weird   hope tomorrow is a better day "
happy veterans day!thank you everyone for serving this country!  smile 
why couldn't i have believe them when they said sorry the first time?
anyone have ms  <propfirst>? i have no idea what i am doing for the irp   help!
*ding <propfirst>* is that the door? no that was the movie! haha things never change   smile 
started work today  i work from 6 to 10 tomorrow  have a lot of things to do 
just got home from work  have a crazy week ahead of me  its going to be insane 
i hate my second hour  but i'm hoping today is a good day   smile  still have an insane week ahead of me  wow i have never folded and unfolded so many clothes in my life  lol 
had a great night with <propfemale> and <propmale>  i finally <propmale> out with my friends  i really needed that   smile 
"its raining and i love it!  smile  school, homework then work  fantastic! i miss you so much i cant even put it in words   sad "
"in order to be who you want to be, it's best to concentrate on who you are, instead of who you're not "
the funniest thing is when you say something and the person your talking to totally believes you!!  smile  love ya bro!! lol 
work from 1:15 to 9pm tomorrow and 4:45pm to 12am on black friday 
"it was one month today, i know you were there checking on all of us  i miss and love you so much grandpa   love "
left work at 10:40 and people were already lined up to the store 2 down from us  people are crazy  tomorrow is going to be insane!  smile 
going shopping then work   smile  you should come visit me i work from  4:45 to 12am today and 1 to 8:45 tomorrow!
if someone asks you politely to do something cant you just do it instead of the rude attitude   its not like i was able to pull the dressing room out of my butt     smile  girls well i have no comment!  smile  ahahaha
so   anyone want to take my shift tomorrow? its 6 am to 1 pm please!  smile  lol
"see what happens when you punch a wall, you brake your hand and get to have surgery done   nice going!"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon character  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste this and invite your friends to do the same "
"<propmale> out with <propmale>, <propmale> and <propmale> yesterday   that was fun!  smile  worked to day and tomorrow  but have the rest of the week off  i hate it when you ask a question and people either ignore you or look at you like your stupid and say what?"
i don't need an angel on my christmas tree i already have one in heaven looking down on me ?              put this as your status if there is someone you will miss this christmas
i guess i will play the number game! i currently hate history homework and biotechnology   
22 your a great person for all that you do for the elders  you have a big heart and i am grateful for knowing you and being related to you! keep going with what you have started!  smile 
"699 you were someone i didnt even know freshmen year and i was just the girl that sat at your table  now we have best friend talks  you can be really funny, im glad were friends and i would love for it to stay that way   smile "
"46 wow  well class freshmen year was great  i had a great time with you and the little group that was in there  we dont really talk anymore, but when we did it was a good time  you were someone i was able to talk to  i hope we start talking again   smile "
626 wow i don't even know what to say about you! we have through so much since freshmen year  i will always be here for you and you should know that  i trust you  your a great friend lil sis  don't ever change who you are 
735  i met you freshmen year  yeah we had a few problems but were good now 
18 omg  girl we need to talk  you are a fun person and i don't even know that to say  3rd hour last year i have no idea what i would have done with out you  i think i would have gone insane  thank you for being there  don't ever change!!  smile 
143  this girl is crazy!!! you have always been there  we met in the 6th grade and were still as close as before  i can't wait till your here  i miss you like crazy  girl i will kid nap you if i have to   smile  i miss our little group 
"222  well i was told to be nice so i guess i will  well the first time i met you, you were basically grilled by my family with all of our questions  now well you pick on me and its not fair! lol  you have 2 little ones that are so cute  glad your appart of the family  smile "
"30013 this girl well she us just well herself  ahaha she is my best friend, my sister, the one who is always there for me  i don't even know where to start  in the beginning like i said about someone else i was just the girl who sat at your table, then the day i said something is the day we became friends! i basically live with this girl  i don't know what i would do with out her "
had a great day   smile  no more school for 2 weeks and it rained today!  smile  i like good days like today   smile 
"wow i never thought that would happen  but life is life and i dont know what to tell you  i mean its not like i sit at home and do nothing all day  you of all people should know how things work   but i do what i need to do to get on with my life, so stop acting like i completely forgot you existed  please"
"it's been crazy  this is why i hate breaks    if everything was falling apart during school, it gets worse during break  i hope it doesn't stay this way  well i hope everyone had a great christmas or whatever you celebrate   smile "
"theres always truth behind \just kidding\"" knowledge behind \""i dont know\"" emotion behind \""i dont care\"" pain behind \""its okay\"" i need you behind \""leave me alone"""
wow  had a great night with chels and <propfemale>  laugh  i cant wait for that again  aww i miss that  i definatly need to <propfemale> out with friends more often   smile 
"had a pretty okay day  it constisted of school, home, and work for now then bed  cuz i am pretty sure i might not go to school tomorrow   smile  well  i hope everyone has a great night and im going back to work  "
where the crap are you when i need you?
i can already tell its going to be long day
"brother's week!!!! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud of, re-post this to your status ?"
"can i have yo number? hahaha first hour was hilarious today, <propmale> you have seen that and step brothers way to many times   smile "
" love  your always on my mind, i miss you more each day "
truth is    like this status and i will tell you the honest to god truth on what i think about you  smile 
"yay me have to be at work in 4 and a half hours, and i just got off of work at 10  not well goodnight everyone"
hmm    i dont know what to do   should i change it or keep it the same? im tired of seeing the samething everyday   might go back brown or just change it completely? ugh  
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????? ??????????????"
"im so tired of closing with the same people at work   it has gotten majorly boring   but today was good, and hoping for a good weekend sleeping   smile "
cool just my luck i have no idea what im doing any the only person that i can ask is sleeping   stupid homework > sad 
i guess im rude because i dont talk to new people   well its not me being rude its me being shy  boy do i love meeting new people   smile  not 
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this    in the status of all my friends! amen
maybe doing this project is going to be a little harder then i though   
"'why are you even bothering? your not making your brother late ' 6:59 im down stairs,, im redy to go  7 surprise 5 mom is making smoothies and zach is doing something in he bathroom   and im making my brother late right "
say 1 word that describes me
senior project as a <propmale>? i think so    is it a pain in my butt? very much so!
stalling stalling    do some more homework    stalling stalling    a lil more homework   oh look im stalling again     smile 
school then the ostrich festival  smile  all i have to do is make it through tomorrow at school the spring break  smile 
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
spending re day with my cousin before he leaves to ohio tomorrow   sad 
i feel as if my older sister and nephew just moved across the country    when really it was my aunt and cousin    sad 
i made a new friend today  laugh 
blueberry
i see a lock down and everyone getting searched tomorrow  yup it's going to happen and while their at it bring in the k-9 unit to find drugs   i predict it 
blueberry
