cf2505246efa445a2f31c3022ffdf2d9
happy nwew year to everyone!!
i just want my life back!!!!!
it was bitter sweet day!!!
just got finish getting my nails done  love the new color!!!
i'm dog tired from the week!!!
"today was truly a busy day at work  drama, drama!!!! hope tomorrow will be alot calmer "
all over the place  have to get everything ready for child to start school tomorrow 
getting ready for church and than the french quaters with friends later!!!
feeling blessed for good news has come my way 
just relaxing today!!!
is trusting in god that everything will work out 
is babysitting her niece and child while everybody else is partying  i feel like <propfemale>
is going shopping with my son 
living and loving life  learnig that it's the little things about a person that are so special 
is tired of alot of bull that is going on these days 
"enjoying <propfirst> <propmale>'s \i didin't know my own strength\""  that's about how i feel right about now """
is taking care of a sick child  those allergies are going strong these days 
is tired and really needs to take anap!!!
enjoying a drink and <propfirst> <propmale>'s cd 
just came frome walmart  spent too much money!!!
searching for a sait's jersey!!!!
good night fb  have to go to work in the morning  have  a blessed and peaceful night 
who dat!!! ready for the game to start!!!
go saints 9-0!!!
did a little excerise today  didn't realize how out of shape i was  have to work off that thanksgiving dinner at work today 
enjoying the facts that the saints are now 10-0  go saints!!!!
happy thanksgiving to all my fb family!!
getting ready for christmas  the whole family will be home this time  <propfemale> christmas to all my fb family and may everyone be blessed!!!
it's the day after christmas and life has calmed down i enjoyed my day with my family  we have 2 more days than back to reality for some of us 
the new year is approaching and i would like to wisheveryone a safe happy new year  i hope to see everyone in the year 2011 
"this is a new year  time for a new challenges,new attitude and a new outlook on life and i am ready for it all "
people are quick to judge other people's lives when they really need to stop and take a look in the mirror at their lives 
good night to my fb family  my son want s to play on the computer for a while  see everyone tomorrow 
go p  <propfirst>!!!
getting prepared of carnvial ball tomorrow night 
good night fb  i've got an early day tomorrow and i'm not feeling to well 
i am ready for some saints!!! i'll be in front my tv with a daquari enjoying the game!!!!
super bowl  in 5 hours  everybody get ready  here comes the black & gold!!!
black & gold won the super bowl!!!!
today i am celebrating my son's 9th birthday!!!!!
i am celebrating my son's 9th birthday today!!!
it's cold that's what's on my mind!!!
it's cold!!!!
is glad laplace parade is over  i am tired and getting ready for bed  !!!
the language some ppl use on fb  lord help them 
i'm getting ready to go see <propmale> <propfemale> tonight  it should be interesting since this is my first time seeing them in person 
today is a blessed and last night was just wonderful  <propmale> ailey was very refreshing to see 
"today, god has blessed with another day of life,work, and my family  it was a good and and interesting day as always "
is just catching up with the time  i forgot to spring ahead lol!! glad today wasn't monday!!!
getting ready for homework with my son and than hit the treadmill for a little walking 
tomorrow is another work day and i have to get ready  so i say good night to my fb family and may the lord bless you thru your life's journey 
i'm going take a nap before my son gets home  today is friday which means no homework for withe of us  thank you jesus!!
"my child got a \b\"" on his math test  now we are getting ready for ileap!!!"""
good night my fb family  i'm tired had a truly long day!!!
happy easter to my fb family!!!!
is having her buitt worn out by her little niece  this is not easy at all!!
is still runnig around  still no rest for me even though my niece is gone  i had a daquari tuesday though  yeah!!
did over 30 minutes on the treadmill and feeling great!!!
just came from the movies with my son  we saw how to train a dragon  it was real good  he truly enjoyed hisself 
glad school is almost at the end !! no more homework to fight doing with my son 
wishing all the mother's a happy mother's day  it's your day so make sure and enjoy your day 
just chilling tonight and ready for the weekend to come 
enjoying friday night at home with my son 
is tired had to go to work this morning  going lay down for a minute  tlak later 
good night everyone  have to get ready for tomorrow  i pray everyone has a blessed night and day tomorrow  remember god is always watching over you for he never sleeps 
good night fb  have to go to work again  another day another pay check  god bless and thank god for my j o b !!
it trips me out how some ppl have time to mind other ppl business when their own business is not straight  but when minding other ppl business they get it all wrong  now what does that tell you about them?
good night everyone  work day tomorrow 
i'm going get ready to watch my tuesday night shows  good night fb 
my little man hsmade it to the 4th grade and tonight he is going to wrestling wiht his papa!!!!
getting ready for work
i'm trying to open my spice crate on cafe world can someone help me please?
about to go to bed after a long day of taking care of my sick baby 
i would like to say happy fathers day today to all of you  enjoy your day 
"when god closes one door, he opens another one for you  what god opens no one can close and what god close no one can open  so, never look back only forward with your head up always "
thank you to everyone for my birthday wishes and blessings!! i truly appreciate each and everyone!!!
today is saturday and currently i have no plans for today except to chill!!
is enjoying the fact that my son is back home from his trip  he had a great time with his grandparents  thanks mom and dad!!!
"how many of us really know our facebook friends??? here's a task 4 you        i want all of my fb friends 2 comment on this status and tell me how you met me!!!!!! after you comment, copy this 2 your status so i can do the same 4 you  you'll be amazed at the responses you will get "
at 2nd day of conference  here we go 
i am sooooo tired!!!!!
is ready for bed but up packing clothes for my son to go to his counsin's birthday in ark  saturday  cheer everyone she will be 2 years old and she loves <propfemale>!!!
wishes the 10 misquito bites that i know of would just go away and stop intching!!!
iam ready for the saints to kick butt !!!!
good night my fb family  tomorrow is another work day!!! gotta get a goods night sleep 
going watch the game  i'm ready for  the saints to kick san <propmale> butt!!!
everyone who visits my <propfemale> please look at the video!!! it speaks volumes!!!
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=fetr4y577zkhgadzk7eh\\ _frsthgl"
is ready for labor day weekend!!!
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=6ebr4z5fhmusg55zlhg0\\ _frsthgl"
is at home doing homework with my son  lord help him with subtraction and me with just doing it with him 
good night fb friends  work tomorrow  another day andother dollar 
good night everyone it has been a long day!!!
"just glad it's friday!!!!\to blessed to be stressed             <propfemale>"
"getting ready for a night with son \to blessed to be stressed             <propfemale>"
i'm having a great sunday  go saints!!!
i like it on the back of my room door 
god has truly been good to me and i am so blessed that i am his child and he watches over me always 
on to spend the day just me and my son 
saint's played like the true champions they are  go saint's!!!!!
in chicago and it is raining 
on my way to the airport to come back home to louisiana!!!!!!
good night fb  it's raining and i am tired  another work day tomorrow and election day  don't forget to vote 
"well, it's time for bed for tomorrow is another work day  i thank god for this day and that i have a job to go to  good night fb "
"today i saw \ for the colored girls\"" and it was great  i would say for all the colored girls of the world it is a must see movie!!! <propfirst> <propfirst> did that!!!! the stars in the movie rocked their roles!!!"""
getting back on her game plan to tighten her stomach 
"i was once heard that people come in to your life for a reason,season or a lifetime and you have to tell the difference  thanks tosome things that have happened in my life i now know the difference  i'm not mad at anyone i just thank you all for being a part of my life whether you were a reason,season or a lifetime "
work is over and i am home for 2 whole days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hppy thanksgiving to everyone!!!
enjoyed the game although i won no money  go saints!!!!!!
i'm excited today because the lors is great  i have been accepted into the masters of social work program at suno for the spring semester  watch out here i come!!!!
"my mind is totally blown away b c i just saw raheem devaughn's flick  help me understand, please!!!!!!!!"
good night ffb family  past my time to go to bed 
just wishing the pain in my shoulder would go away 
good night everyone
i would like to wish everyone a very <propfemale> christmas !!!!
good night to all and to all a good night!! today was truly a blessed day and i am blessed to have been apart of it 
just heard <propfemale> <propfemale> is dead? what is really going on?
as this night comes to a close so has the life of my lil cousin  he is gone and i pray for his enternal peace with god  rip lil cousin 
my heart is broken for i have lost someone close to me and i don't understand why? this has totallyleft me baffled and i pray for contiuned strength for my family and friends who knew <propfirst> 
good night fb family  just to hard tostay on right now without thinking of my lil cousin and crying 
good morning fb  another blessed day for i am happy to be here for another day  thank you lord 
good night to all my fbfamily  have to work in the morning 
the new year is around the corner and it is time to clean house  so as the new year comes some ppl will be deleted 
good night fb family   tomorrow is a work day for me 
"as i went to the \homecoming\"" of my lil cousin the rev  reminded me that the choices i make in life will detemine where my soul will spend enteral life  so the choices i will make will be the ones to get me into heaven not to please others because when judgement day comes for me i will be standing alone  so always remember pray before you make your decisions because the one you make may be your last """
watching the game  let's go saints!!!
saints fan to the end  aleays who dat!!!!!
happy founder's day to all my men in tha mighty blue & white!!!!
