c54d66f09df4a91662d8bda07a7aefcc
"give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world"
one act play was ridiculos everybody dropped lines so don't go balmein people!
took me 10 minutes to get to shop ez stupid crappy snowy roads i hate you!
"the sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its <propfemale> lasts a great deal longer     "
"we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love "
goodbye 2010!
happy easter!
is spending her day with miss myranda!
   wow you are really pathetic you know that?
   wow i love how the rule system flexes for people in this school 
    quiz bowl with <propfemale> <propfemale>  good day? i think so!
is officially <propfirst> pfeiffer's nerd because i wear suspenders!
   i could very well possibly be losing my sanity 
   has grown tired of your shallow value judgments and your inability to accept or appreciate anything in between 
   ha wow 
   is babysittin my lil <propfemale>! she's 6 months old today!
   a high speed <propmale> around friend nebraska? wtf?
   wow dude your screwed 
   and mabey someday we'll figure all this out 
   wonders where all her high school years went   
   uh oh   
   cuz when a heart breaks it don't break even
   finally realized that she actually did something right for once   
    is getting married   
"   god is love in its purest form, not a being but a presence waiting to be noticed   "
   you and i have finally found our wings   
   work o joy   
"   what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the time   "
   sitting in the dark at school   
"   just kicked some <propmale> ass in tackle football, my brothers taught me well   "
"   phones not working so well,i can't receive some texts so call me if you need me   "
"   aw bugs, your so perfect   "
   prom!   
   still not tired   
   really wishes boys would stop trying to assert their man hood by bragging about how fast their car goes   
   band trip! see you sunday   
   i love you rain but did you have to decide to come today?   
   off to silver dolar city   
   stupid rain   
   is on my way home   
"   lifes not about who's with you in your best times, but about the people who are there at your worst   "
   wow where did that year go   
and now comes the time for me to bow out gracefully   
   feels crappy   
   blah i feel yucky   
   wow you guys are really pathetic   
"   has mono,yuck   "
"   just got a huge vase of flowers, chicken noodle soup, and gateraid as a get well present yay for boyfriends   "
   yum cake   
   night=epic fail   
"   quote of the day from <propfirst> <propfemale> looper\i like little boys\""   """
   last day of school   
"   is looking for a secound job, if anybodys has any ideas look me up   "
   can we pretend airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
   o snap   
   loves me some <propfirst>   
   got the first sunburn of the year with miss <propfirst> <propfemale> looper   
"   i love the sun, but obviously the sun doesn't love me   "
   i have a feeling i'm goin to hell for this   
   has an obsession with aviators   
   just got home from work and gona go swim at the lake   
   my teeth are really bothering me   
   off to play some ball   
   day 2 of softball   
   what am i doing?   
"   boyfriend leaves for ait tomarrow,sad days sad    "
   aint nothin like amigos with the bestie   
"   just dropped boyfriend off at the airport, sad days   "
"   miss <propfirst> has road rage, good thing i brought my helmet   "
   its been 8 hours and i already miss you   
   secret life marathon   
   todays the day   
"   got my new phone, yay   "
   i honestly don't know what you want from me   
"   has finally decided that there is nothing wrong about not being a size 2 <propfemale>, i like my curves   "
"   softball in york,yay   "
   its just you   
   if he gives you <propfemale> don't suck on it   
   maybe its time to give up the games   
   your sick twisted lies don't bother me and try as you might your not gona phase me   
   honestly who cares   
   confused   
   whelp i don't believe i'll be having a game tomorrow   
   sparkles with <propfemale> and <propfemale>   
"   \you just totted me!\""-ashley <propfemale>   """
   work and then some district softball    
"   softball day 3, one game away from championship   "
   3rd place   
"   so i trusted you and got burned, what a surprise   "
   headin to the big o with ashy babe   
   mabey i don't know exactly what i want anymore   
   wants to find a cheap violin   
   sitting on a trampoline watching it rain   
   <propmale> you will be missed hun   
   sittin at the kreutzers trying to wake up from this nightmare   
   sitting at the kreutzers going though pictures  we love you <propmale> and you will be missed greatly  rip <propmale> <propmale> kreutzer   
   jdk forever in our hearts   
"   oh my, this changes everything   "
   don't bitch about things you know nothing about   
   jdk forever in our hearts and forever my older brother   
"   don't cry because he's gone, smile and laugh for his memories will live on forever  i love you jdk forever my older brother   "
"   (bucket list # 1)learn to drive a tractor, anyone have some spare time to teach?   "
   life is like a game of cards  the hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will   
   wants to pack a bad and go wherever the open road takes me   
"   o motorcycle in my driveway, i will learn to drive you by the end of the summer   "
   free of commitments   
   awesome night   
   sometimes things happen that surprise the hell out of you   
   isn't settling anymore but is reaching for the sky   
   ugh work   
   when i get where i'm going on the far side of the sky the first thing that i'm gonna do is spread my wings and fly   
   just woke up from the longest nap ever   
"   \you gotta lick it first\""   """
   i feel a lot better now   
   you will never bring me down   
   lookin for a good time   
   chillin with miss <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst>   
"   just got off work and gets to go back tonight, oh joy   "
   rules are for people with no self discipline   
"   screw you phone, your brand new and you won't charge? awesome   "
   you ain't gona tie me down   
"   like a firecracker, i'll light up your world   "
   gotta pocket full of singles and headed out to have a good time   
   no strings attached   
   is seriously thinking about tossing her phone at a wall   
   dude looks like a lady   
   softball tonight   
   you think everyone is who they say they are? think again    
   so i think i might like you   
   kinda feels used   
   mall with ashy babe and <propfemale> alert   
"   \you coulda told me that you were gona go bump-ity bump-ity\""   """
   nailed herself in the head with her car door   
   state softball   
   state softball day number two   
   what's your fantasy   
   aim low so you're never dissapointed   
"   is watchin my father, <propmale> stutzman, and <propfirst> spicka get pedicures   "
   are you ready to get wet?   
   just lookin for some fun and games   
   no one on the corner has swagga like mine   
   bringing down the house bitches   
   i'm in it for the love of the game   
"   this is your life, don't try to get it right, just do it   "
   i'm in it for the love of the game   
   really wants to know why this bothers me that much   
    smile    
   just close your eyes   
   i'm fallen for my own game   
   class schedule wtf? anybody know when we can go fix classes?   
   another good night   
"   nothin like a night with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>   "
   bleh work   
   thank you rain for making my drive home a living nightmare   
   off to the olympics in <propmale> this week   
"   is a security guard today, haha wow   "
"   just because i am 5' does not mean you can ignore the badge that says security when i ask you to move, really people just doin my job   "
"   so you'd think that if i didn't answer your first text i'm probably asleep and therefore you <propmale> not need to keep repeating that message every 5 minutes, get a life   "
   security day number two went a little better   
   anyone know when the dance is for the fair?   
   these 4:50 mournings are kicking my butt   
   special olympics day # 3   
   wonders what the hell i ever did to you   
   so i kinda like you   
   just got asked on a date by one of special bowlers   
   bodies in motion   
   last day of the special olympics for me   
   just ended her last day at the special olympics   
"just fried her fingers with peroxide, wtf?   "
   gona go take some senior pictures   
   just looking for a hell of a time   
   cowboy up  wink    
"   putting up sweet corn today, yuck   "
"   i am not like you, and will never be so quit trying to make me someone i will never be   "
   wonders who's to trust around here   
"   but if you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you find out things you never knew you knew   "
   poolin it up with syd and macey   
   losing you   
   gives up   
   cuz two can keep a secret if one of them is dead   
   date night with <propfirst> <propfemale> looper and <propfemale> looper   
   yummm mango smoothie   
   so tired   
   is really really cold   
   you'll never clip my wings   
   what to do tonight   
   to be gone away awhile   
   when you and i was getting high as outer space   
   when you and i was getting high as outer space   
   fail immensely   
   clever aces   
   movie date with <propfemale> <propfirst>   
"   \is it illegal to drink and drive in general? or just alcohol?\""-amber <propfirst> <propfemale>   """
   here's to the nights we felt alive   
   are you the now or never kind   
   for every action there is and equal and opposite reaction   
   takin this one to the grave   
good godtht
   good night   
   time and space   
   maybe its time to change   
   maybe its time to change   
   i put a spell on you   
   bikinis and tanning oil is the only way to go today   
   what the hell was i thinking   
   sunburn   
   why hide when you can shine?   
   who knows where the time goes   
   just like all the pretty lights in the sky   
   parece tenerle en mi mente   
   some kind of salvation   
   every beginning has an end   
   just got her ass kicked by life   
   and sometimes you just gotta open your eyes and see who's standing in front of you   
   the quiet things that no one knows   
   some guys just know how to make a girl smile   
   maybe its time to change and leave it all behind   
   wasted words on lower cases and capitals   
   wonders why fate puts people in your lives at weird times   
"   brace yourself, here come the angels   "
"   hmmmm, so lucky   "
   interesting ways you work    
   you got my head in the clouds   
   are you the now or never kind   
"   i don't believe in science  only love, sex, and music   "
   so this is what it feels like to get burned   
   so this is what it feels like to get burned   
"   when i left you, i was but the learner, now i am the master   "
   fire burning in my eyes   
   <propfemale> me away   
   needs your help! i'm walking in the national hemophilia walk in memory of <propmale> kreutzer and we need your donation! anything and everything helps!   
   we're a dangerous progression a volatile succession a saturation ready to blow   
   be brave enough to just be yourself   
"   omaha hemophilia walk, here i come   "
"   in loving memory of <propmale> <propmale> kreutzer, today is for you <propmale>  love    "
"   your not lost, you just subconsciously took a different path   "
"   music washes away from the soul, the dust of everyday life   "
   those who danced were thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music   
"   everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it   "
   we live the poetry that he cannot write  the others write the poetry that they dare not realise   
"   questions in life come easy, if only answers did too   "
   most people live and die with their music still unplayed  they never dare to try   
"   for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart, it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul   "
"   your like the coolest person i've ever met, and you don't even have to try   "
   dove hunting for the first time  smile    
   huskers love    
   speechless  smile    
"   day with <propfirst> babe, o how i've missed you   "
   <propmale> with my girlys   
   your pretty kick ass if i do say so myself   
   sometimes you just have to close your eyes and listen to the world around you   
   only when you can close your eyes and truly see the music you play can you call yourself a true musician   
   i'd ask you to stay for one last dance   
"    ah nothing like 6:45 in the morning, one act practice   "
   enjoy the little things   
   you can take my heart if you like   
   don't you know that you drive me crazy   
   its fudge-filled center will erupt at first bite   
   you got my head a spinnin   
   i wonder who you've become   
   eventually time always runs out   
   ahh very good day   
   you haven't left my mind in quite some time   
   its kind of a funny story   
   why must band geeks always finish last   
   o hamlet why must you be so wordy   
   things only become complicated if you let them   
"   husker game, what can get better then that?   "
   well we won   
   well the game sucked but the company was great   
smells like fall
o you make me smile
"a blanket, some hot chocolate, the stars, and some snuggling sound really good"
"if this was our last dance, i'd wait in the rain to see your face"
just want you to know who i am
you could break my heart if it ment you'd never be alone
your eyes rival the brightest stars
if only   
open up my eager eyes
kinda just want you
 smile 
ah fall colors how i've missed you
ooo the things i get myself into
"just attempted her first runza bake, hope it works"
runza bake = success
"when i'm with you i'll make every second count\cause i miss you"
your intentions are questionable
just picked up <propfirst>!
feels so much better
day from hell
"has done absolutely nothing in class today, what is the point of school?"
wants her car back
say goodbye to my heart tonight
worlds of fun!!!
"\he's gonna come home and i'm gonna be riding his dog!\""    amber <propfirst> <propfemale>"""
satisfy my undisclosed desires
"one quarter down, three to go"
if only this wasn't just a game
 just sucked it up and lost to a 6 year old at wii
just sucked it up and lost to a 6 year old at wii
here we go again   
i don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you   
trick or treat  wink 
doubts cross my mind every time you open your mouth
"first one act performance, hope we don't choke"
loves the stage high
nothing like some shakespeare in the morning   
reality hurts like hell
needs to keep my mouth shut   
bottoms up!
let's see how this morning goes   
"and the funny this is, i'm not upset    "
maybe someday   
first one act competition   yikes!
ugh   
"   god, <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference   "
wishes there was an easy button to pay for college   
"imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring   "
our endless numbered days   
successfully made beef noodles with beer sauce   
"keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about   "
love and other drugs   
cell phone commited suicide       
well won't have a phone untill tomarrow and will need most of your <propfirst>    
so this is it   
college choice made   
"nothin like a night with <propfirst>, kumar, and <propmale>    "
   eat pray love   
and every time this year i'm reminded that i hate christmas music   
"and for the third time in 2 months my car  decides to break, i really dislike yo\u     "
small world   
maybe its time to change and leave it all behind   
"every story has an end but in life, the end is just a new beginning   "
just based an entire <propfemale> of my mla paper off of <propfirst> <propmale> lyrics     
is absolutly in love with <propfirst> <propfemale> looper  smile 
christmas just isn't the same without all my family home   
 you know your best friends when you show up at her house and are unintentionaly match clothes   
nothing like some pizza hut butt   
ahh nothing like a <propfemale> wars marathon    
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight   
ahhh sleep   
"ah blue skys, i've missed you   "
bye bye blonde hair   
yummmm strawberry waffels   
   and so it begins  wink 
time means nothing   
"driveways cleaned, car dugout    now let's see how long it takes mother nature do undo my work   "
rip mr  arehart you will be missed   p s take care of <propmale> for us   
missin those warm summer nights   
"my question is, if your so quick to sell her out   what do you say about me?"
"you know, all i got to say is kiss my fat ass bitches, at least i'm honest   "
bring it   
prayers for the cerney family and friends   
at the end of the day all we have is who we are   
here's to the next step   
perspective is a funny sort of thing   
feelin those slow country loves songs today
there's nothing like having a friend rub you down naked with oil on a sunday night    
oooo monday i'm not a fan   
the eyes are the windows to the truth   
is with <propfirst> and is haveing the time of my life and i o it all to him smile 
thinks <propfirst> needs to learn how to spell   
<propfirst> is the most bad ass best person i know!
just signed over the next 4 years of my life to concordia university   
no more skunk head   
"ahh blue skies, <propfemale> days   i've missed you"
apple beeeeeeeees
ugh awesome way to end a day  indecision 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
loves my family very much  thanks for the great birthday everyone!
hey mother nature   bite me
ah <propfemale> wars i love you <propfemale>   
"just saved 3 lives today, hope you'll enjoy my blood   "
laser tag!
say goodbye to my heart tonight   
"bye bye wisdom teeth, hello applesauce, ice, and pain"
love the smell of rain   
"interesting approach, points for creativity my friend   "
"got graduation invites today, never knew i could be scared shitless and excited all at the same time   "
if only this could work   
the passion is in the risk   
fhs quiz bowl!
<propfemale> is amazing and i love her 
quiz bowl day #2   
"200 graduation invites stuffed, licked, and addressed   luckily i still have my tongue   "
last monday of highschool career completed   
catie'4
catie's facebook just got hacked  maybe someday she will learn to hide her phone   smile 
is officially a certified umpire  
finds the life of the kennedy family completely intriguing   
worlds of fun!
can i just be enough for once? i have feelings to you know   
well that was worth my time   
really hates shots   
`s facebook just got hacked!!!  playful  love you!  smile 
high school career finished   
"everyone has a past, its what you do with your future that defines you   "
mmmmmhhhh reptar!
graduates high school today!
happy mothers day!
where the heart is   
somedays i jusy wanna put my foot in my mouth   
you have to learn to fall before you can fly   
"your pretty neat, if i do say so myself   "
tannin and ice cream with the bestfriend   
"if i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lay with me and just forget the world   "
is sitting on the side of the interstate    awesome
poor pt brusier   damn semis
class on an hour of sleep   bring it caffeine
when did carrots become the new sexy?
one of these days i'll get it right   
can i please stay awake during one lecture in today's class    
hmmm i'm thinkin bed time   
just adopted a <propfirst> with <propfirst>!
state test and clinical tomorrow  annoyed \
"state exam finished, now clinicals  annoyed \"
officially a cna   
your intentions are questionable   
zoo and celebrate <propmale> with ash and irene   its gonna be a good day
can anything go right today? i mean really damn    
is it even worth it anymore   
smile! a frown may turn others away   
hey i'm catlyn and i loveee <propfemale>!
and here comes the hard days   
jdk forever in our hearts    
"one day i want to actually get something right, not destroy it because of being stupid   "
cause two can keep a secret if one of them is dead   
"is going to stop asking “what if“ all it does is drive me crazy, and lord knows i'm crazy enough   "
having the right people beside you can make the biggest earthquake feel like the tiniest rumble   
"just spent the last 3 hours watching stars, was a really good night   "
"i love ireneosaurous mex and <propfirst> <propfemale> looper    we go swimming, get hit on by middle eastern guys, watch pretty little liars, do nails, and make smoresss!!!! smile  epic nighttt!!!!!!! love love love love love you guys!!!!!!!!! smile  love "
ok now its been the perfect day    smile 
with my lover irene     ready to have some fun! love u smile 
don't write a check with your mouth that your ass can't cash   
"you're a lover, i'm a runner, and we go round and round   "
<propfirst> kapperman has a random picture of me randomly hanging in his kitchen!
"every saint has a past, every sinner has a future   "
weekend with miss <propfemale>  smile    
there's something <propfemale> tempting about you   
sun you have completely kicked my ass this weekend   
first weekend without my ireneosaurous in a while  sad 
"just won $250, i found my calling in scratch tickets    "
" \there's toilet paper in my teeth!\""- <propfemale> mckena"""
uncomfortable and awkward   this must be my life  
ughhhh    
packing   
trying my hand at fishing with syd and macey      annoyed \
"what and if are two words as non threatening as words can be, but put them together side by side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life   "
on to the next chapter of my life   
and so the dorm life begins    
"      tayvia kyrsten kemp has never seen titanic, or various other movies    fail"
first day of classes here we go>>>>
"done with class at 11:25, i can handle that    "
totally and completely off my game   
they melt in my awsome    
i like blueberry waffles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
random thought of the day  
thinks tayvia kyrsten kemp is the coolest <propfemale> ever!!!!!!!!   smile   and no i was not hacked 
i just wish i was a cool as tayvia kyrsten kemp is       i am just such a loser   i sure hope some of her coolness rubs off onto me   that would be awesome   awesome like she is    smile 
"\don't stare at me! i'll hunt you down!\"" - tayvia kemp"""
"   music washes away from the soul, the dust of everyday life   "
post-it note <propfemale>!
anybody wanna help clean off my car?
"   for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart, it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul   "
needs a drink or something a hell of a lot stronger    
<propfirst> ryals is the coolest person ever!!!
"   your like the coolest person i've ever met, and you don't even have to try   <propfemale> <propfemale> bothwell, tayvia kyrsten kemp, and <propfirst> ryals"
there's nothing like really good friends to make a night better   
confused    
has not yet learned her lesson about logging out        
<propfemale> bothwell is amazing!!! i love her so much  smile 
nothin says good morning like a screaming fire alarm    
"\i just want to punch someones sandwich!\""- <propfemale> bothwell"""
"\they give us an oven but no pot holders?!? that's just asking for a trip to the emergency room \"" - tayvia kyrsten kemp"""
i also shouldnt leave my facebook unattended   
drivin me crazy   
fat lip courtesy of <propfirst> ralston      
days like today are where i thank my parents gratefully for always making me take a jacket    
tayvia kyrsten kemp is my favorite redhead ever!!
"so i'm fairly certain <propfemale> bothwell is the kindest, most fun and amazing person that i know!  and i'm pretty sure she would never hack anyones facebook either   "
becca odom is amazing
would really like to catch a break eventually    only so much i can handle
majors in epic fails of awkwardness    
"cool breeze, sunshine, hot apple cider seems like my favorite season is coming around   "
"\it's only community theater untill it offends someone   then it's art!\"""""
forever in our hearts   today's for you <propmale>!
strike three and i'm out    
--if only you knew    
"it's amazing what a good amount of sleep, chocolate cupcakes, and some tayvia time can do for you   "
<propfirst> is amazing
