2909d558fb588021b53d10f4ae44664d
is freezing     and remembering how i used to not be able to stay up to 10 surprise 0 on new years when i was like 8 and now do every day!
happy new year's <propfemale>!!!
16 minutes till 2010!!
happy new year!!!! 2010!!!!! doesn't feel much different than 2009 though    actually    not at all  but what ev' gallery walk tomorrow! dunno what else   
just woke up   
is going to gallery walk soon    and hopefully the boy's and girl's club too for a little while 
ust got back from watching sherlock holmes    no gallery walk this month apparently    good movie though!
going skating soon    then again tomorrow evening with <propmale> and <propfirst>!! only two more days of vacation    i can't wait till school    to see all my friends!! new classes soon too!!!
damn    life sucks right now     sad 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable     25: annoying  26: rude  rate me!  smile 
is skating tomorrow evening with <propmale> and <propfirst>    and i'm actually getting the time right this time! 7-9 at the rink    can't wait    only one more day of vacation   
is going to bed now    skating with <propmale> and <propfirst> tomorrow!     and finishing my brit lit final project     sad  last day of vacation    i dunno but i think i am actually kinda excited for school right now cause i get to see all my friends   
is working on his brit lit paper now    skating later   
is almost done with his brit lit project    ugh    glad i'll be getting this thing over with finaly!     then skating later with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek!
has the dropkick murphies on his itouch now! along with another scrubs episode     laugh 
bacon quiche and frenchtoast for dinner   mmmm!
is going to see the red sox play on sunday!
"is finaly on summer vacation, is going to see the sox play on sunday and is going to upward bound a week from sunday!"
just got back from boston where <propmale> green got a walk off <propmale> and i got <propmale> bennetts autograph  (thats the pitcher who threw the pitch that <propmale> green <propmale>ed)!!
ub tomarrow!
is back from upward bound for the weekend
just got back from the parade 
fireworks were good but not quite as good as last year's
is returning to ub tonight after he packs!
took an sat in ub and almost died because of it's boringness!
is hoping <propfirst> haliday will go to boston and wants to go back to ub and wants it to last for six weeks straight with no home weekends  n offense to my family but i like it there during the summer more  than at my house 
ncis marathon today then house marathon tomarrow!
is on facebook to keep from being bored and wants one of his friends to be on facebook to talk to because of his boredemness  if that that is even a word 
likes upward bound's uber news and thinks they did a very good job for a first broadcast 
my dog is limping and has been since last night  i think she is turning into a little old lady poodle 
is bored out of his mind and just realized that he has not eaten today or yesterday during dinner and is very hungry so he is amazed that he could go this far without food  it is tha longest he has probably ever gone without food in his life so he is goin
just ate pad <propfemale> for lunch from the farmer's market  
is epicly bored!
sox up 3 zip  going into the second and yankees loosing in ninth 10-8
sox dominating 9-1 in the sixth inning!
has 37 more minutes 'till he goes to bed 
is going to bed 
hours and 38 minutes untill we leave to go back to ub 
is going to boston again on wednesday!
is bored out of his mind but does not need suggestions from his mom because he knows she will reccomend something he doesn't like and tell him he has to   do it  but if she has any suggestions he will enjoy he would like to hear them 
is off to ub 
is back from boston!
can't wait 'till sunday night because we will be back at the ub dorms with my ub friends 
woke up 
is adding more ubers to his friends lists on facebook 
is poed at his bed 
just ate a plum and a piece of homemade veggie and pepperoni pizza with the mushrooms picked off for lunch 
is begining <propmale> potter 7 again and just got to chapter 3 
is dying of boredom but doesn't want ideas from mom because she will tell me to do something i don't like 
is angry that facebook is sooooo slow and only facebook is on his computer  infact everything else is faster than usual 
just played a little bit on purposegames 
red sox and good debating goes good together while talking red sox yankees 
finished packing for ub and is bored out of his mind!
the time on my computer works now!
hates waking up needing to go to the bathroom early in the morning 
lost the game!
is on chapter 7 of <propmale> potter 7 
made himself loose the game by looking at his older post 
"thinks all these abbreviations are comfusing  like skipping vowels, saying lol for laugh out loud, jk for just kidding and all the other abb "
just ate a buttered sesamie bagle with some oj for breakfast 
thinks his dog needs another hair cut because her hair is in her eyes 
is coming out of his lair and is going to make his way to the raspberry bushes to widen the patch  then he may swim 
is dying of boredom 
is going back to ub 
is at upward bound and was going to swim but thinks he wold rather just be on facebook 
sox aquire <propfirst> laroach from pirates!!
is back from ub 
is wide awake because he slept for 12 hour 
is possibly going blueberry picking later 
has no plans for today except for facebook and possibly blueberry picking 
is playing magic against himself 
is bored out of is mind and is waiting for his friend to call back or for  something to come up that would intrest him 
is being bored and wants it to be 5 on sunday so he wouldn't be bored 
is starving!
ha! yankees finaly loose! and to the holidayless as!
is finally going up to eat dinner!
"wants to have an interesting conversation with someone  possibly about the  red sox, ub or to debate about who is better like batman vs  superman or red sox vs  yankees "
sox win 7-2 and are only 1 5 games back 
woke up at a resonable time today (8 surprise 0) 
is waiting for the laundry to be done so he can switch it to the dryer and then continue packing for ub 
breaking news: <propfirst> <propfemale> was only on facebook for a few hours today!
is off to ub!
is in the secret service 
"sox trade masterson, laroach and two prospects to get <propfirst> martinez and <propfirst> kotchman "
wounders if g- force is a good movie 
has soaking shoes because he played an epic game of soccer in the downpour in ub! the soccer field had a little lake on it and i was a foward 
wants something to do over the weekend that's fun 
woke up to his dog licking his hand 
wants to go back to ub but doesn't want it to be the last week!
ouch!! i just hit my funny bone and it was not funny to me!
is having homemade margherrita pizza for dinner 
just got back from the bf fireworks! had a good time  they were a lot better than the bratt fireworks but not as long 
is awake early because he couldn't get back asleep 
is awake early because he couldn't get back to sleep 
has 11 long hours untill ub  no plans 
i lost the game!
is bored for the next 5 hours 
sox up 6-0 bottom of the 2nd at camden yards 
is playing <propfemale> wars battlefront ii
going back to the last week of ub soon!
can't believe it is the last week of ub!
is at ub  only two more days left!
misses ub already!
feels so much more awake than yesterday now that he had 12 hours of sleep 
may go to the farmer's market in bratt  soon but doesn't know if he wants to go 
is playing yoville again 
is back from picking berries
is very bored 
is angry at his computer for being so freakin slow!
is going to bed 
was woken up by the smell of breakfast  he thinks it might be blueberry waffles but doesn't know 
is bored
is dying of boredom
is going on yoville now 
just ate dinner 
is bored once again 
is lying on his <propfemale> sized bed being epicly bored out of his mind!!!
2 more hours 
is not bored any more 
is going to bed
woke up really early @ 7:40
has 61 unread mail messages on his e-mail all since yesterday 
is playing pacman on facebook
is getting growled at by his dog fr no apparent reason 
doesn't know what to eat for lunch!
is back on facebook 
old school reto games work again!
just cleaned up his dog's throw-up off a carpet  ick!
i lost the game!
is playing solitaire
just drove for the first time  it was a <propfirst> and not as hard as it seemed it would be 
is lying on the floor with his dog being bored 
is getting in his pool with his 1 year old cousin soon 
just swam in his pool 
just updated his flair collection 
forgot how good mrs  dougtfire was
just woke up less than 1 minute ago and is very sleepy 
is trying to think of what we should have for dinner tonight 
is back from hanafords  steak tonight!
is done messing with his flair 
has to wake up at 5 tomarrow 
dinner time!
is going to get a hair cut!
is back and  ichy 
"thinks the \in <propmale> we trust\"" flair is hilarious!"""
5-1 sox in the 5th!
sox won
is leaving to dartmoth soon  then to lyndonville! probably next on facebook friday 
was able to use his aunt's computer to get onto facebook!
is going to watch ncis sometime once the kids are off the wii
i am iron man! according to the which super hero are you quiz 
thinks we may have come up with a plan but won't be sure 'till his mom anwers his message 
is missing ub and london 
nooo! 114 unread mail messages sense wednesday!
got his class schedual!
"semester1: latin i, geometry, english-british literature,study hall, study skills semester2 annoyed tudy skills, study hall, latin ii, social studies iii, chem-com "
pizza for dinner!
just went swimming in his pool!
gonzo is back with the sox!
sox win with six in the 9th 8-6!
just cleaned his room 
just finished watching school of rock
just woke up to his dog licking his hand 
is going to stickney <propfemale> soon 
"is back from stickney <propfemale>, <propmale>'s creamy stand, dutten's farm stand and graften cheese co "
is going to the movies in a little less than an hour 
is off to the movies!
just came home from watching g i joe 
is driving with mr  north tomarrow  driver's <propmale>  so watch out! i'll be on the road from 12 smile 0-1 smile 0  will only run over a few people if i am lucky!  smile 
is kinda tired after driving for an hour 
just got sunscreen in his eye  sad 
dinner time soon  we're having spaghetti 
just burnt his thumb on a very hot onion! ouch!
is going to bed 
is going to the west river to swim today! then driving again!
has been forgeting to check his e-mail! 187 unread mail messages!
86 degrees in my house and 92 outside  fans are blasting!
is bored 
is watching ncis 
is talking 
ugh! so hot and humid!
is going to bed now 
"oh, boy  driving will be a little bit more complicated today "
is going to have lunch now  then go drive for driver's <propmale> 
"drove on the highway today, the round about and went to putney during driver's <propmale> driving "
is very hungry!
"is going to have dinner soon  pork chops, beans and some sort of veggie "
is doing pretty much nothing 
is half asleep
doing the same as yesterday and monday  tomarrow and friday will be just the same  driving and facebook 
going driving now!
is too addicted to solitaire!
relized that he was starving so is now eating pretzles
"hamburgers, peas and chips for dinner!"
sox win 8-1
woke up and could barely move his arm because he was lying on it and it was completely asleep 
breakfast= margerined everything bagle and oj 
going to his last day of driver's <propmale> driving now!
is at home
tornado watch in southern nh!
is very bored 
sox claim <propfirst> wagner off waivers from mets!
sox should just give up on <propfemale>  he's useless and has been from the start  he never get's out of the 5th inning  we need wakefield back  even dice-k would be good to have back!
is ready for a new day! a facebook day 
is happy because the red sox will win today because they never go down without a fight and i have plenty of friends to back that statement up!
is woundering what he is going to do today 
might go peach picking today!
is going peach picking and to his aunt's house soon! be back later!
didn't end up picking peaches because it was pouring out  we might tomorrow though 
is going to his aunt's soon  be back sometime after dinner!
ha! 15-1 sox in the bottom of the eigth!!!
yes! wakefield is taking <propfemale>'s rotation spot finaly  starting wdenesday!
is thinking about what he could do 
is going to bed now and may pick peaches tomorrow depending on the weather 
pancakes and oj for breakfast with plenty of <propfemale> syrup on top!
ortiz= 5 homers and 13 rbis in last 8 games  i'm bored 
is going peach picking now 
is going peach picking at dutton's now 
"is back with 33 lbs of peaches! fresh, juicy peaches "
"is  bored, once again "
is going to clean his room a little right now before it turns into a pig sty 
just ate some blueberry peach crisp that his mom made from the peaches we picked earlier! it was good 
is going swimming!
dinnertime soon! pizza!
is hot 
"is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very bored  as you may have seen by all these verys "
doesn't like how hot it is in his room right now   sad 
haha! my dog is snoring!
is going to bed now 
"finaly, a nice day with no rain!"
yankees are stuck now! they have no choice but to help the sox! they are playing against the rangers  if the yankees win the sox have less to worry about in the wild card  if they lose the sox are only 4 1 2 games back from the yankees in the division  sox will sweep the white sox 
lost the game!
is going to bed now 
is awake and doen't know what he is going to do today 
"just caught a huge, hairy spider and put it outside "
just finished an hour of picking weeds out of the pathway in front of his house 
loves mouse with whipped cream and much more!
is it just my computer or did facebook change a little?
oooo rangers up 10-5 against the yanks and both sox are tied at 3 a piece!
apparently has a dentist appointment at 10 smile 0 
going to the dentist  be back in an hour or so 
is back from the dentist 
is very hungry because he has not eaten anything today yet!
couldn't get onto facebook because my computer said there was no wireless connection but it works now!
is bored and tired 
doesn't like how slow his computer is today!
is going to have dinner now  spaghetti  be back soon 
is going to bed soon because he is waking up at 8 smile 0 am tomarrow because he needs to baby sit his siblings fom 9:15 till noon  <propfemale>'s coming at 10 smile 0 though so he won't be baby sitting alone! the kids aren't any trouble usualy so it should go well 
is awake and ready to baby sit 
us very happy with his life right now 
"is going to try to go to bed now  had a really exciting day though, so it'll be hard  i'll manage though "
just woke up and is very tired 
doesn't like this new facebook message configuration  why can't they just keep it one way and leave it?!
what?! <propmale> green tossed two hittless innings for the red sox last night! their utility infielder!
just got back from mini golfing and the c surprise p 
is back 
"last weekend of summer   sad   school soon, kinda excited for the first week back "
is so bored with nothing to do  it's raining and i'm home alone till 7 smile 0 or 8 surprise 0 
is eating pretzels 
stuffed shells ans water melon for dinner 
man vs  food and dirty jobs 
just finshed watching ncis and the sox  buckholtz is going for a complete game 2 hitter! 3-0 sox right now!
"is going to bed now  had a good day, but it was a little boring near the end  in a very good mood right now and very happy "
is very tired yet can't fall asleep  too happy about stuff i guess 
is going to try and go to sleep again  this time i will suceed   eventualy 
just woke up and doesn't know what he is doing for the rest of the day 
<propfirst> byrd is pitching tonight for the sox? i thought we got rid of him 
tomato soup and saltines for lunch 
hates how slow his computer is right now 
steak tonight!!
"sox up 4-0  byrd is throwing a good game through 5 innings of work and only 74 pitches 48 for strikes  3 hits, 3 walks and 1 strike out "
"7-0 sox, saito in for the save!"
"steak, corn on the cob, rice, salad for dinner and fresh, hot out of the oven peach pie with whipped cream for dessert "
is trying to think of things to talk about that would start a conversation 
has no school today! freshman do but not upperclassmen! first day back is tomarrow!
is too addicted to solitaire!!
"is eating a whole apple right now  core, stem, sticker and all "
ncis is over 
is playing with <propfemale> while talking on facebook 
is bored 
is missing london and upward bound now because he just looked at some london and  ub photos
<propfemale>'s and b-day cake for dinner because that's what my little sister wanted for her family b-day dinner 
is going to 99 soon for dinner 
getting up for school in a little bit less than 12 hours!
is going to bed now 
is off to his first day back to school 
is back from school  classes were pretty boring 
is doing his homework   sad 
hamlet for homework  have a month to finish it 
is going swimming now 
is back from the pool
"i don't like wordly wise 12  who uses, the words aborigine, palpable, peccadillo, thespian, pellucid, propinquintity or schism anyway! i'll be suprised if i ever do in my life! they should teach us words that we actualy may use in the everyday non oxford world "
salve! quid est nomen tuin?
is going to bed now 
is getting ready to go to school 
is going to school now 
is home and has to do some homework 
reading beowulf for homework 
just got back from running a mile or so with his dog 
is laughing for no apparent reason  didn't even think about anything funny  just started laughing   wink 
just put all his ub geometry notes into his school geometry notes section 
is home from school  has to read a lot for homework and some geometry and latin 
is throwing a tennis ball against his wall to keep himself entertained 
is kinda tired this morning 
is going to get ready for school now 
wants to go to gallery walk but can't get a ride back home after   sad 
is going to the football game later with some friends 
steak again for dinner   yay 
"just took his big, old, hairy, lazy, poodle beast out to play by the pool "
going to the football game soon 
had a great time at the game! colonels lost 25-19 though 
just woke up from a good night's sleep 
is going shopping soon 
is back from shopping
is wondering why so little teachers from buhs have facebook pages 
everyone who is plays top friends please buy my all of my friends 
so far has only had a bowl of cereal today to eat  dinner soon   smile  burgers 
just got back from showering after going for a run with my dog 
just woke up from a 1 2 hour nap snuggled up with his dog on the floor 
there's a giant spider on my wall  it is one of those inch long hairy ones too! cool to see but scairy to know they live in the same room as i sleep in!
just created his stalker list 
is back from two parties both were great  tired now 
had a great day but is going to bed now 
just cleaned his room and is making his bed 
is in a very happy mood right now 
is going to bed  had a great day 
is awake but very tired 
just got back from school a little while ago  not much homework  just a little reading 
just got up and wants to go back to sleep 
"made lunch today, burritto and an apple "
is back home from school  not a lot of homework 
"is going to take his dog out for a bit, be back on facebook soon "
is back 
is angered at his computer for being so error filled!!!!!!!!!!! aaarrrrrrrrrggggg!!!!!!
is very tired still and the computer is still acting wierd 
pb+j and pretzels for lunch
is psychic
solitaire 
is going to keene later 
"going to target in keene, be back later "
is bored at home  going to a birthday party later
est hodie defessa sed quoqua laeta 
going to the b-day party now  be back a little past 8 
is back from the party 
sox up 9-1 after an 8 run third  yanks lost and rangers are loosing 
just woke up and is wide awake 
is going to the frnklin county fair at noon 
is back from the <propmale> county fair 
is awake and tired 
is back from school with very little hw 
going to keene later to get a hair cut 
is taking his dog out then going to keene to get his hairs cut 
is very cozy in his new fleece sweater 
is awake and wishes there wasn't school today 
is going to the movies later 
"is back from watching \all about steve\"" with <propfemale>  had a great time"""
dice k dices up the angels with ks on for his return throwing 6+ shutout innings in his 4-1 victory over the angels 
is going to bed now  had a great time at the movies with <propfemale> 
is awake and tired
just got home from the bus not much homework but 2 tests tomarrow 
is playing solitaire because he is bored 
"5-3 sox, 3-2 blue jays against the yankees and 3-0 oakland against the rangers  looking good for the sox!"
is tired of this cough 
is awake and still has a cough lurking at the bottom of his throat  sad 
is back from school 
"london broil, scalloped potatoes, broccoli, green beans and bread for dinner! yum  smile "
is going to open house soon 
home  buisy weekend  <propfemale>'s coming over then family is and the some circus on sunday 
peanutbutter and apples  yum!
"is awake, tired and excited for today "
had a great day 
is going to bed now 
has a big family gathering today 
just slammed his foot on the door frame when running from one part of his house to his room  ouch!
had a great day with <propfemale> and my family 
is going to the circus later 
is freezing in his room 
is back from the circus and is about to eat dinner 
's cough is going away!
is very tired but hasn't coughed yet 
just found some clean socks in his pocket 
is back from school with no hw
is going to make some amish friendship bread soon 
is waiting till his cake stuff is done baking 
thinks it's wierd that he only has 2 friends logged on right now when usualy there are more than 30 at this time 
thinks it's kida wierd how his dog is shaking her head every 10 seconds 
is tired this morning and very cold 
thinks that amish friendship bread is delicious 
dufyews iyr hsjw;a awxewr xisw qurg s kurrkw gwko dein rgw hsjw gunawkd~
wants his poodle to grow an afro 
"had a great day, didn't have much homework  had a fun afternoon with <propfemale> "
is tired 
is very hot 
lost the game!!!
is bored 
lost the game <propfemale> roberts <propmale> fontaine <propmale> ?? sidler
misses biology 
is awake and tired 
is home  no homework!
is looking up sparknotes for hamlet  (and yes the teacher said i could and should)
hamlet is boring 
just got head butted in the nose by his clumsy dog 
found entertainment in trying to juggle three balls off his wall without dropping them 
"just ate som strawberry, raspberry and wildberry sherbert "
is very tired  had a great afternoon 
just had an english muffin with butter and 4 <propfirst> preserves on it  yum 
just woke up to that wierd feeling of not being able to pick his arm up because it was so asleep 
is bored 
is leaving his man cave 
is going for a walk with his dog now 
is going apple picking now
is going to the homecoming game later 
had a great time at the game 
is going to bed now 
is up early
is going to keene now 
is back from keene  rain isn't fun 
homepage is better now that i switched to internet e playful lorer 8  font is wierd though 
nnnooooo! school tomarrow!  sad 
probably has thousands of e-mails by now 
"on väga igav, nii <propfemale> on google tõlkija posti<propfemale>miseks kraami facebook hoida end okupeeritud, kui <propfemale> oo<propfemale>b sõpra sisse logida, et <propfemale> saaks rääkida inimestega "
"fresh from the oven, hot, homade apple pie with whipped cream  yum!"
is going to bed now 
"is awake, cold and slightly tired but not as tired as usual "
is home from school  only hamlet for homework 
just almost lost his hearing just now 
ua <propfemale> views  bi ibw ri rskj ri 
"xsb\r qsur die rgw vuf w qwsbwasst"""
is pretty wide awake but cold 
no school tomorrow! yeah! going to the big e with <propfemale> 
is reading hamlet
wow it's already 8 smile 0?! i thought it was 6 something!
wow it's already 8:50?! i thought it was 6 something!
going to bed now  big day tomorrow at the big e 
no school today! big e instead!
had a great time at the big e 
is going to bed now because he is very tired 
"is cold, tired and doesn't want school today "
back from school
is suprised that all these facebook friends are upset right now 
is cold down in his room 
is watching a hamlet play on youtube 
for all you farkle players out there    i don't play farkle!! so please stop sending me all those farkle requests! i get probably atleast 2 a night! once you see a request from me then you can send me a request 
is in a very good mood right now probably because he doesn't have anything real big coming up in school and no homework and no more hamlet to read!  laugh   smile   playful   laugh   smile   smile 
i win!
"is awake, tired and cold but still in the happiest of moods for no apparent reason!"
weekend! no homework either!
is back from dinner and is stuffed!
just woke up  it's the weekend!
orange marmilade english muffin  yum!
what a boring day  luckily tomorrow will be more fun 
thinks facebook's pirate language setting is awesome!
hanging around doing nothing 
is wide awake 
"is awake and getting ready for school   sad  nnnooooooo!!!! i just remembered, necap testing starting tomorrow! damn necaps!!! oh well, atleast i get to miss some classes "
"is home, hungry "
is awake and not really looking foward to necaps  soooo boring; but on the brightside i have no latin!
is home and thinks all his classes are really boring  can't wait till next semester with social studies and science 
is seeing 500 days of summer at latches soon 
is back home 
is very cold this morning 
is home from school 
wonders why it is so cold in his house every morning when he wakes up 
is home from school with no homework!
ncis los <propfemale>
aaaarrrrgggghhhhh  i'm bored  no friends to chat with on facebook!
is awake and doesn't want school today  it's cold 
it's friday!!!! finally!!!!
is back from school  i got my grades!
's poodle is so warm and cuddly right now 
is bored with no one on fb to talk to  baby sitting my sleeping siblings right now 
basses loaded one out for the twins in the top of the 11 3-3! yanks are screwed!
"is a mlb fan  i am not nearly as big a sox fan as last year and like jeter, texiera, cc and burnett  sorry fellow sox fans but i'm just a mlb fan  i do still root for the sox but if the yanks win the seiries i'm ok with that  i think i will become a huge bruins fan now instead  <propmale> <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> kahler <propfemale> roberts, <propfemale> zinn , <propmale> fontaine "
is awake and baby sitting once again from 10-2 
just discovered that mozzerella with peanut butter on it is really good!
is hiding away from the rest of his family so he doesn't get sick  little brother is pukey so i want to stay away from him 
is bored 
los <propfemale> is winning the world series this year!
really hates mondays 
is home from school 
"este foarte plictisit, chiar acum"
did you know that the sound of e t  walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly?
thinks it's always too cold in his house when he wakes up 
's computer isn't working  hopefully erasing all the memory and reinstalling windows will get it to work 
is going to bed now 
is awake and really hopes his dad can get his computer working again today  i hate this cough i have!!!! when will it ever go away?!!
's computer is working again!
yummy steak tasting pork for dinner 
still doesn't have sound on his computer  hopefully will have that fixed by tomorrow 
is doing nothing sunday that i know of  buisy saturday though 
finished his brit  lit  essay finally!
can't believe it's only 7!
is cold and coughing still!
rain and snow tomorrow morning!!!!
it's friday!!! pumpkin fest tomorrow!!
finaly! the weekend! no homework either!
is kinda bored 
b-o-r-e-d
is wide awake and excited for today!
is very tired  had a great time today!
is going to bed now  had a very buisy day  good night eveyone 
is kinda bored 
french toast and bacon for dinner tonight 
"only a 3 day week this coming week, then a 4 day weekend!!! can't wait!"
always seems to look at the clock at 9:11 
just woke up and is very tired 
is home and has no hw due tomorrow!
is missing london and upward bound 
does not like how my computer does not like to let facebook work well on it  too many errors!!!
walk of la angels! <propmale> mathis walks off in the 11th! yeah!
"is awake and happy he has no latin today and only one more day of school after today, then a 4 day weekend!"
attack of the killer lady bugs!!!!! aaahhhhhh!
one more day of school till the weekend!!
good night world 
4 day weekend!!!
can't believe it's only 7:47 
is off to bed 
is going to <propmale> university today 
is home and doesn't have any plans for the next 2 days 
is going to bed now 
ha! angels win! they will never lose as long as <propmale> adenhart is on their minds!
is wondering what he will be doing today     
thinks it should be as warm as yesterday again today 
doesn't like how facebook seems to want to change every few months!!!!!!
is hating the new facebook setup even more cause it is screwing fb up! it is causing way too many errors!!!!!
is so bored 
"fat free vannilla and strawberry frozen yogurt in a cone, yum "
has yet another boring day ahead of him unless 
"only has one plan for today so far, facebook  hopefully my plans change cause i get bored of that after a while "
"just got back from hannafords and walmart, it was packed "
what are there messages that keep being sent around?
's new favorite word is boondoggle 
is going to keene 
is home from keene 
"just ate a whole apple in 4 bites, core and all  on my 2end apple now "
pancakes!
could live off of pops and oj if he had too 
is home from school  a very boring day 
is bored 
is off to bed 
is going to school now  hope you feel better 
computer volume works again!!!!!!!!!
is off to bed 
is home from school and hungry 
so many of my friends are sick on facebook!
1-0 phillies!!! yah!!!
yankees lose 4-0! go phillies!!!! good morning world!!
"had a wierd but good day  dunno how it was wierd, but it was "
1-0 phills!!
is off to bed 
is back from school and is in an excited mood 
is back from getting pumpkins 
is off to the store to find a good zombie shirt then <propmale>'s later  happy halloween!
is off!
great weekend so far 
school tomorrow    ugh        sad 
"is going to bed, good night <propfemale>; good night everyone "
just woke up an doesn't think there should be school today    3 1 2 day weekend at the end of the week though!
facebook really has to fix these problems of theirs  this is getting a little rediculous  chat is now no longer working!
is anyone's chat working?
i'm shipping up to boston!!!
yeah! go phillies!! 6-1 through 3! that's the way to play!
is off to bed  good night 
just woke up from a good night's sleep and is very cold 
is home from school and is in a great mood 
has a ton of sick fb friends  7 that i can count today  yikes!
"is listening to hall and oates, green day, led zepplin and chatting with friends "
ncis!
is hitting the hay now 
"is wide awake this morning!!!!! no clue why, but i am!!"
facebook is such a boondoggle!!!!
is home from school    
is watching last night's ncis on hulu com 
yearly flu shot tomorrow   sad   get to miss some of latin though   smile 
damn fb chat isn't working again  facebook is so comcastic!
is off to bed  flu shot tomorrow   sad 
is home from school    sore arm from the flu shot and my little brother may have nits       soi know who won't be coming in my room for a while    
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2: i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:awesome  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9 annoyed poiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:god loving  22 annoyed mart  23 annoyed oving  24 annoyed oyal  25:trust worthy  26:fake  27 annoyed piritual  28 annoyed uccessful  29 sad heap  30 sad an't be trusted 
is hitting the hay now    
is going to school soon  half day today!!! 3 1 2 day weekend!!!!
sox aquire <propfirst> harmida from marlins 
ncis la
"at home with my crazy dog playing tug-o-war, <propfemale>'s coming later "
doesn't have any plans today     except facebook    
still doesn't have anything to do   
is going for a walk with his dog   very bored 
dinner    
is bored now   
is wide awake this morning   ben's coming over later    not bowling today 
"<propmale> left and now i'm back on facebook, as usual   "
is relizing that his wall has very little posts on it   
school today   boring     sad 
"is home from school! going for a walk with my dog now, babysitting my siblings from 4 smile 0-7 surprise 0     sad "
baby sitting    little 8 year old sister is going to be a pain tonight   
is woundering what he should draw   
is done baby sitting!
why do we not have vetran's day off of school tomorrow?!
is bored!
is off to bed now  night all 
thinks he shouldn't have shool on veteran's day   
is off to school now
is home from school   
is depressed   
has many feelings at the moment   
sox are trying to get hydeki matsui for next year!!!!! or <propmale> holliday!!!!
is going to bed now 
can't fall asleep   too much on my mind   
is awake now but very cold and tired 
is awake   4 1 2 hours of sleep last night   or should i say this morning    headache now    i just couldn't fall asleep 
is home sick     sad  of all times why do i have to feel sick now?!
just had the first thing he ate today     frosten mini wheats 
is going to school now 
is home from school    is done trying    just gonna go where ever life takes me 
"is off to bed    <propmale>'s coming tomorrow    hoping to possibly go see the football game tomorrow    go <propmale> <propfirst>    i will try to get others to go too <propmale>, as you asked   "
just got up thinking it was a school day buit now i relize it isn't so i'm going back to bed 
is awake and going to go get <propmale> soon 
rainy day    hasn't been hungry too much lately    just finished a long game of magic against <propmale> which ended as a tie    not doing much now   
how much wood would a wood <propmale> <propmale> if a wood <propmale> could <propmale> wood?
good night world    be back tomorrow    going to bed now 
is awake and is relizing stuff about life again    i like sleeping so much more    that way i can escape te real world for a while   
hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  you will be sent a notification that one of your friends has commented on your status     it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look-out! please repost this    to your status to let your facebook family & friends know    copy & paste
is bored    this was a wierd day    learned a lot today    and is kinda happy right now    but also has many other feelings going through my head that aren't nessesarily good or bad   
is going to school now       wiser than ever 
is home from school   
great mood    and thoughtfull mood   
loves his poodle pillow    literaly    it's a poodle    a living poodle   
is off to bed now  yet another boring school day ahead of me   sad 
is freezing and tired  ugh it's only tuesday   
is going to school now in a good mood right now 
is home from school and needs to take his dog for a walk now    be back in a half hour or so   
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
got his grades finaly     smile 
has a headache    i am getting real sick of this cough!! why can't it just go away?! three months of a cough is way too much cough!    but other than that in a pretty good mood    not the best    but better than previous days   
is feeling kinda dumb right now   
's name means crown humble <propfemale>    that's what each part of my name means   
is going to bed now    i want friday already!!!!
"is going to school now  yay, only three more days 'till the weekend!"
is home from school    probably has a sinus infection    which would e playful lain all the coughing    if i do the cough should be gone in a few days    yay!
"is going to bed now    i hate this cough and the complications of love and all the strong emotions involved and homework and, of course, the yankees "
is awake    very cold    this is going to be yet another pretty boring day    sports center camera crew's coming to buhs today though!
is going to school now    maybe i'll see someone i reconize from espn     laugh 
didn't have the best of days today    fml    latin class was horrid    bus ride was too    in a wierd mood right now    comfused    sad    excited    longing    wishing    thoughtfull and so much more     sad 
ncis is the best show ever along with scrubs    why does it have to end?!
hates facebook chat! it never works! but when it does    i like it    argh chat! aaaarrrrgggghhhh!!!!
couldn't get to sleep  too much on my mind    why can't she just understand?! fuck life!! this day sucked!!! i'm going to try to go to sleep again 
is awake    dispite going to bed at 10 i still only got 6 hours of sleep  i'm so cold right now 
yesss       it's finaly friday! i totaly need this weekend!
home    taking my dog for a walk    dinner    facebook    bed    weekend!
dinner now   
thinks he may have anxiety    dunno though   
"is going to bed now   still stressed but not as much as before    still got that stress knot in my stomach though  i hat facebook sometimes    but i love the boston red sox, hall and oates, led zepplin, london, canada, my bestest most favorite dog in the world, my friends, family and sleep! oh and how could i forget upward bound??!!!! most epicist summer camp ever!!!!!!"
just woke up  working at my aunt's house later today 
off to work at my aunt's   
"is back from working at my aunt's in putney all day    watching \i love you man\"" later """
i love you man        awkward       very awkward    
is back to ye olde pirate language on thar facebook <propfemale>!
is awake and has no plans today   
may be getting a hair cut later! finaly!
"is bored    regreting some stuff, can't wait to get a hair cut, loves the red sox and is getting kinda hungry    "
is a pirate!
is eating an apple    a whole apple   
hehe  <propmale> fontaine is gonna hate me! i just got some epic magic cards for my artifact deck 
got a hair cut    made new magic decks    is bored    sad    excited    curious    not excited for school    only 2 days of school this week!
is off to bed    two day week!!!!!
2 day week!!!!!!!!!!!!
is home from school    with no homework!
hates his computer!
you all just lost the game!!! mwahahahahaaaaa! mwahahahahaaaaa!!!!!
is watching <propfemale> treck tonight!
is back from dinner 
's poodle really wants his reeses pieces    but she's not getting them      i'm sooooooooo bored     chat anyone? sox news? anything?
bleh!!!! i'm bored!
is going to watch <propfemale> trek now    be back in about 102 minutes   
"is back, <propfemale> trek was eeeeepppppiiiiiccccc!!!!!"
facebook can just go die in a hole! you never work!!!!
"no longer caged in love's decay, we shall go hence forth to another day, of happiness, hope and wisdom galore, for we can't push life anymore "
is hating facebook and parts of life right now! i'm going to bed!!! > sad  humbug!
it's friday!!!!!
is home from school     weekend!!!! not going to be too exciting though    only a couple days will    anyone want to chat?! i'm bored!
is thinking    thinking hard      hmmmm      
pizza! pizza! pizza! yum! yum! yum!
is back from dinner    this is going to be a long night      4 1 2 hours till i go to bed   
never knew love could be so complicated   
sooooo bored!!!!!! talk people! talk!!!!!          please 
ugh! i just got punched in the nose by my dog! it hurt!
may be going skating saturday morning!!!
is trying to untie a knot in his stomach but it is very tangled  it has loosened but still needs more time to untangle itself 
"is going to bed    no plans for tomorrow     i think it's a facebook day    unless something else comes up    sleep is great cause you can go somewhere without the sad, stressfull, unhappy parts of life hovering around you all the time    it's a small break from reality that happens every night and ends every morning    but that you can look foward to all day   "
is down in his room with his hairy poodle beast!
"is oh so bored    i need plans     oh    and <propmale> fontaine, i know you can read minds! so     lies     all lies!!!!!"
is back from dinner! mexican food tonight 
created a group for people who wish keene state college upward bound was year round! ubers    please join!
can hear rodents scurrying through his walls 
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours!!! you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question,no matter how crazy, sinister  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status & see what questions you get   smile "
"is going to bed now, thanksgiving tomorrw but not celebrating it till friday    i can say i learned one thing today    synesthesia is a very interesting subject! i wish we could still be friends  we made great friends    i'm so tired    night everyone "
thanksgiving!!!!! celebrating it tomorrow though    understanding some stuff a lot better now    i think 
ncis!
is going for a walk with his dog now  boring day  can't wait till tomorrow 
"yum, yum, yum! grilled cheese sandwitch, tomatoe soup, milk and a cookie for lunch! why can't the damn dog just learn already to not pull on walks?! i've been trying to teach her that for the past 7 years!!!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours!!! you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question,no matter how crazy, sinister  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status & see what questions you get   smile  this is only in effect till 9 surprise 5 tonight cause that's when i asked it    so time is running out    i am super bored right now   "
sox are going full force after <propfirst> halliday!!!!
is reading dr  jekyll and mr  hyde   
finished dr  jekyll and mr  hyde    good book    comfusing in some parts though 
"blts and avacado       everyone on fb seems to be stuffed     literaly everyone has a post sometime today commenting on how full they are or how they are about to e playful lode    i however, am not stuffed and do not feel like i'm about to e playful lode!"
"wishes we could just make up and be friends again    we made great friends    why can't there be a \go half way back\"" in love    either you stay together or you just take each other out of each other's lives completely    never just be friends again    that would make love so much more simpler    that's how life works though    i guess   """
bleh! i'm bored  any friends feel like chatting about nothing inparticular on fb chat?
is going to bed now    late thanksgiving tomorrow!
is going to go to his aunt's for thanksgiving soon!
is bby sitting his baby cousin tonight in putney    watching casino royale   
damn facebook chat! baby sitting my baby cousin tonight 
had a good late thanksgiving    still wishing we could be friends    i'm so tired    i'm going to bed now   
is home from putney    maybe skating at the rink later   
going skating now   
had fun skating    it was slightly awkward though    and i got two huge blisters on the side of my heels that are killing me    even though i wore 3 socks on each foot    it was worth it though!
google chrome   
"google chrome is epic!!! much faster than internet e playful lorer! hoping to go skating again next sunday    i miss ub sooo much, and i want to go on the london trip again    hmmm    i dunno what my feelings are!  i'm confused    such a weird feeling    a mix of sadness, happiness, tiredness, boredom, confusion, randomness and i'm writing too long a status right now   "
blister+hot shower=most pain ever e playful erienced since being set in a tub of bleach as a baby! it felt like a hot nail getting hammered into my heel   
does it feel like sunday to anyone else?
is off to bed now    ice skating was fun despite the fact i got a huge blister    i still can't believe it isn't sunday    google chrome is awesome!
just woke up    nooooooo    it's the last day of vacation    swine flu shots on thusday    uh oh   
is looking at a boring day ahead of him    *sigh*    school tomorrow     sad 
life is good! life cereal that is   
life cereal may be good but real life just sucks lately  why can't the dog just understand that she is not supposed to pull me! she is on a leash for a reason! i have been teaching her not to pull for the past 7 years!!!! since she was 2! this blister is killing me! (i still am hoping to skate every weekend though  possibly this sunday   )
"is very hungry  had a pretty boring day today    stiff back, hurt heel, sore legs and neck    i think i slept funny last night  i can't believe i'm saying this but i can't wait till school tomorrow! after tomorrow though i won't be able to wait till the weekend   "
is going to bed now  good night confusing world! school tomorrow    swine flu shots thursday    finaly can make sure i don't get it!
ugh my blister is killing me again! school today    i will answer one question (in my inbox) truthfully  put this as your status and see what you find 
"take risks, if you succeed you are happy, if you fail, you are wiser "
bored       remembering good times   
"let\s see some snow already!!!! argh!!!"""
"doesn't like it when his dog stares at him in the face for a minute, belches, and then walks off    so impolite! she didn't even say excuse me!!!"
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
"¿bu?????? ???1 1??? ?uo?u? ¡un? s? b?o ?x??d?1? pu? p??oq ?,? ¿s??? p??? s?1bnop ?1?? ?o ?oq??? ??1???? 'p?????? qo??? s?p?s?q ?uo?u? u??"
"is going to bed now  good night confusing, adventure filled world that i will never understand nearly a single percent of, see you tomorrow "
"it's not monday anymore!!! yay!!! still 4 more days of school though     sad  25 days till christmas though!!!!! where's all the friggin snow?!!!! it's december, and i'm dreaming of a white christmas not a brown, orange, greyish christmas!!!"
is going for his daily walk with his dog now    be back in a half hour or so   
is bored   
wtf! my computer's too old!!! sims 3 wouldn't be able work on it!!! damn ram and video cards!
's new year's resolution is to save up his money so he can get an itouch! i should have enough to get one by my birthday   
csi miami!
"facebook can\t change again!!!! wtf!!! just find a set-up and stick with it !!! and get a dislike button already!!! please!"""
is tired and going to bed now 
is freezing! not a lot of latin today though! yay! it's wednesday    half way through the week   
is home from school and is going to go take his dog out for a walk soon  pretty good day today!
peanut m&ms    yum    
and that's what hurts when we say goodbye and that's what hurts on those sleepless nights there's nothing i can do cos i'm lost inside of you and that's what hurts   
"is going to bed now    ncis, ncis la and scrubs are the best shows ever!!!! so happy jd and the other main characters are still on scrubs!!!"
going to school now   
is home from school    friday tomorrow    got my pig shot today    immune to swine flu now    for the time being   
got the swine flu shot today    arm will probably kill tomorrow but doesn't hurt at all right now    i want to possibly go to gallery walk tomorrow if any of my friends are going    <propfirst> mayhew are you going? or <propfirst> chabot or any other friends???!!!
is off to bed now    finally! friday tomorrow   
it's c-c-c-cold yay! friday! i can sleep in tomorrow morning! have to get through this one last school day though   
"huh, that's weird    i just noticed my arm still isn't sore from the shot    i coulda sworn it would be   "
<propmale> scutaro on the sox for the next 2 years baby!!!! finally! a decent shortstop!
home from school and from my daily walk with my dog    weekend finally!!!
is going to gallery walk soon    anyone else going?
is back from gallery walk and the boys and girls club    had a great time! have to do it again soon! go to the b&g club that is   
can skate tomorrow instead of sunday!!! free skating!!! was going to have to babysit but doesn't have to the whole day anymore   
is off to sleep    gotta have a good night's rest if i want to hopefully go skate tomorrow!
is off to go skating soon!
went skating this morning    had a great time    no new blisters this time  laugh  kfc is one of those types of food that tastes amazing for the first few bites    then it starts to all taste the same   
"just finished making the 5 foot 8\ surprised snowman in his front yard   """
is sitting next to his dog who's barking in her sleep    kinda weird   
is going to bed now    i love how one little thing can make your day turn from great to not so good!  annoyed \
has a very boring day ahead of him   
is going to his aunt's soon   
is very cold    pizza was good    i'm bored now    and tired too   
is going to bed now    can't wait 'till spring    love the snow and winter    but i want spring for other reasons   
is going to school now 
is home from school    latin class was   ummm     suckish    gotta go take my dog for a walk now    why does so much of life have to suck?! other than the things in life    life is pretty good   
damn facebook chat not working!
gesundheit sneezy poodle!!!
always seems to look at the clock at 9:11   
is going to bed now    not necessarily going to sleep yet but going to bed and i am going to try to go to sleep now    snow day wednesday!!!!!!         i hope   
is off to school now   
why does my computer have to be soooo slow!!!!! argh!!!! i hate you computer!!!!!
is cold    just updated my amazon wish list family    it better be a snow day tomorrow!!!
<propfirst> maguire new hitting coach for cardinals   
"haha, when i scratched my dogs belly she started scratching my head in return    how thoughtful of her    kinda funny scene "
is off to bed now    hoping to be able to sleep in tomorrow   
no school!
ahhh    12 hours of sleep    now for the snow day   
shoveling is such a tedious job   
the one bad thing about snow days    lazy parents making you shovel most of the pathways and porch   
dislike button!!!!!!!! only on mozilla firefox!!!
is cold and bored and actually can't wait till school tomorrow    where all my friends are   
is off to bed    hope tomorrow goes well    thinking a lot right now    i hope this thinking doesn't cause me to not be able to fall asleep   
is going to school now   
home from school   
ugh!!! why does my computer have to be soooo freakin' slow?!?!?!?!?!?!
hates comcast! it's so comcastic! comcastic= not good   
can't wait to go skating saturday with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek    will have an epic time!
can't wait 'till tomorrow    skating with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek!!!!!
is so bored    no one to chat with    may go to bed soon    skating tomorrow morning!!!
logged on to facebook just now to 44 notifications   
had a great time skating today! dunno what i'm doin' tomorrow   
is off to bed now    had a great day! good night adventurous world! see you tomorrow when i come back from my world of dreams    don't even ask   
is awake    dunno what i'm doing for the rest of the day though   
"just finished decorating the christmas tree, bored now    dunno what i'm doin' later    listening to ? right now   "
"why does my dog have to be such a bully to me?! stepping on my feet! pulling my hair! pulling me on walks, barking at me   "
"bah, humbug! i'm bored!"
can't believe it's already december    what ever happened to november?     
just finished watching the <propfemale> clause   
is hitting the hay early tonight    not much else to do right now    bored    night all! see some of ya in school tomorrow   
is off to school now   
just got home from school    had a very tired day    not tired any more though  hoping to go bowling with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek thursday after school!
"sox are about to sign <propfirst> lackey! 5 years! around 82 5 million! then we'll have an epic rotation    becket, <propfirst>, lackey, buckholtz, dice-k and or wakefield and other prospects   "
sox have 2 relief pitchers with the name <propmale> ramirez on the team now? confusing   
is hoping for a 2 hour delay tomorrow   
"is so tempted to click \add as friend\"" but won't    gotta give her time   """
"¡?1?????1    ?ou ??b?? ???? ?o ?u?od ?u??????p ? u? p1?o? ??? ?? bu??oo1 ?,?"
¡p1?o? u?op ?p?sdn ??b?u poob    ?ou p?q o? bu?ob s?
school   
is home from school    boring day    missing someone    sox got <propfirst> lackey! can't wait to bowl with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek thursday after school!!!!
"tauntaun sleeping bag on thinkgeek com!!! not to mention many other epicly, geekily amazing things!"
still has a slight empty feeling inside    like something's missing 
wow    i'm slow    i just learned jumanji was filmed in keene   
is off to bed now    hoping tomorrows a little less boring and more fun    good night facebook!
is going to school now    boring old school    at least my friends are there and no sick siblings   
is off to bed now    can't wait to go bowling tomorrow with <propfirst> ferencek and <propmale> fontaine    i am assuming that is still going on    goodnight world!
can't wait till saturday    early christmas!!!!
phew!! friday tomorrow!!!! goin' to hit the hay now    can't wait 'till the weekend
school    ugh    at least it's friday    yay!    
it's the weekend!!!! yay!!!! finally!!!! early christmas celebration with the whole family tomorrow   
had a surprise family gathering today    tomorrow is yet another    but celebrating christmas too! can't wait    going to bed now    night!
is awake early today and is going to go to my aunt's at 8 to begin to celebrate christmas   
owns an itouch now!!!!
has free unlimited texting now on his itouch   
is going to bed now    in a decent mood    very tired though   
is going skating tonight at 7    anyone else going?
is off to go skating soon!!!
is back from skating    had an epic time! can't wait till tomorrow    gonna put some led zepplin on my itouch    watching scrubs right now!!! jd is the epicest!   
is off to bed now   good  night world!
is going to school now    3 day week! christmas friday    yay!
is home from school    only 3 more days till vacation    yay! has had this empty feeling for a while now in me  gonna put some music on my ipod touch soon    getting kinda sick of this semester's classes    can't wait till next semester or ub    or the spaghetti dinner with ub!!!
bbeelzebubs shoulda won    having a professional music group that does their music for work win over a bunch of college groups that are playing for fun and to entertain  is cheap! booo nota! going to bed now  can't wait 'till vacation!
woke up to my alarm clock saying that a new york yankee fan was accused of murder after running over a red sox fan after he was taunting her about them   
is off to school now   
home from school    one more day till vacation    i'm sick of this paper on depression for brit  lit! glad it's almost done    want to <propfemale> out with friends    possibly skating saturday with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek    or bowling    or both    wishing love was really easy    bored right now  listening to music on my ipod touch!
has 23 friends with pokemon pics for their profile picture 
the trial    by pink <propmale>!
is going to bed now  missing that feeling of being loved a lot right now    one more day of school to get through 'till vacation  good night world   
can't wait to go skating with <propmale> fontaine and <propfirst> ferencek saturday   
it's cristmas <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
is off to bed now    christmas <propfemale> tomorrow    wishing things were better between us    it's vacation!!! i can sleep in now    yay!
santa's coming tonight!!!  playful  i don't like the way love works    the times you are supposed to be having the most times you miss them the most and can't keep yourself from missing them    i went a big 22 hours without changing statuses!!!
"now has the sims 3 and scrubs, my musical on his itouch   "
watching scrubs my musical! most epicest episode ever!!!
"ugh    missing you so much    you're just not understanding what i'm going through  this is gonna be a long vacation    still, <propfemale> christmas to you and to everyone else    you know who you are     going skating tomorrow with friends    can't wait!"
got his own ice skates! can't wait to try them out   
is very bored    probably babysitting later    got new skates    hopefully trying them out monday     laugh 
"??? hello i'm doctor kelso, i'm delighted that you came  so the doctors said you fainted and you don't know what's to blame, well put your mind at ease, there's no ill we can't out smart  on the behalf of all the work here    welcome to saaaacrrrred heeeeaaaarrrrt!???"
"thinks the buhs spring musical should be scrubs \my musical\"" that would be epicly amazing!!!"""
"skating tomorrow and <propmale>'s tuesday    hopefully skating at the retreat saturday with <propmale> and <propfirst> too    maybe gallery walk friday    <propfemale>'s for dinner    litening to some good true rock by the original musicians    the beatles, led zeppelin and pink <propmale> are da' bomb!"
dollar night 7-9 at the rink    anyone else going?   
actually may not be able skate tonight cause my mom wants to go to a cpr class so i wouldn't have a ride   sad 
"wishes you could \like\"" comments on statuses   """
dinner    be back soon   
back! <propmale> fontaine please go on chat when you log on 
is going to <propmale> fontaine's  now   
home again    skating tomorrow  bored now 
mexican food for dinner    i'm c-c-c-c-c-cold     sick little sister    when is this puke thing gonna leave this house?!?! glad i have a good immune system! chatting with friends and listening to music    kinda bored    not as much as usual though!
just built a plane hanger out of legos   
trampled underfoot + kashmir    epic! oh yeah!
is skating tomorrow afternoon    anyone else going then?
"has a very buisy week end coming up    skating today    saturday and twice sunday! oh, and gallary walk!"
is off to the rink!
is back from skating    had a good time    it's new year's <propfemale>!!! gallery walk tomorrow    skating again saturday and sunday!
"wow, and i thought ive seen dumb movies          my sister is watching      the dumbest     most depressing      weirdest      that guyshould be embarassed to be alive movie        <propfirst> the movie        w      t       f?"
happy new year!!!
am i the only person who actualy wants school tomorrow?! i will not want it once i get there but i do now! school is where all my friends are!
woke up and couldn't feel his had at all    it was weird       school today       i hope we don't need to bring the brit lit project that's due tomorrow in today     
is moving on in life    or at least trying to   
is bored    about to watch some ncis and ncisla   
omg! i really need to catch up on scrubs season 9!
is off to bed now   glad he doesn't have that brit lit project to worry about now    ub reunion friday!!!!
has a yahoo account now    stephentuna@yahoo com    notice the tuna and not <propfemale> if you add me please    cause if you don't it will be some random stranger you're adding   
hmmmm     there's a lot of very random statuses tonight   
is going to bed now    almost friday!!!!!! yay!!! ub reunion!!!! new classes next week finaly    much more fun classes and a change in schenery and much warmer with spring approaching   
one     more      day      to     go     
"facebooking, texting and iming at the same time   "
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable     25: annoying  26: rude  rate me!  smile 
is going to bed now    can't wait till tomorrow!!!! ub reunion!!!!! yay!!!!!! i'm gonna be all wound up all day tomorrow!!!!
is going to school now    ub reunion after    yay! can't wait!
back from the ub reunion    had a blast    where were you @<propmale> <propmale> <propfirst>?!?!?!
is going to bed now    good night everyone    had a great time at the reunion despite being tired to the point that everything seemed amusing    lol    wondering what i'm doing this weekend    possibly skating    or getting my skates sharpened    or both    i can't wait till the summer!
finally    the internet works again    hopefully going skating tonight    anyone else going?
why the heck am i shivering in the warmest part of the house?! it's 73 degrees in here and my hands are as cold as ice!!!!
yay!!! going to texas over april vacation!
"is going skating in a bit at the rink    feeling great right now    except for this slight cold i may have    glad we are finally getting new classes nevet semester! texas in april!!! i have a fantastic year ahead of me! i think    ub is going to be so sad to leave after this summer knowing i will only have one more year to go     sad  but oh well, i'll cope with that when it comes around!   "
ummm     how do you get a half asleep 8 year old girl o go bck to bed wh is crying for her mommy and when your 5 year old brother is in thier room sleeping and you don't want to wake him?
is going to bed now    had a good day    dunno what i'm doing tomorrow    facebook deffinately    but i dunno what else    i mean what i'll be doing later today    lol
has eaten finally and is back to his facebookathon now!
is now playing magic against himself   
is going to bed now    school tomorrow 
hates how dogs feel like they need to pace 5 bazillion times before finding the perfect place to do their business! we are standing out there in the friggin -2 weather so they can do what ever they need to do and they're sniffing every single smell that finds it's way up their nose! it's just a smell! nothing special! just find a place and go! i don't exactly enjoy waiting 5 minutes for them to find the perfect area!
is going to school now    finals this week   
"is facebooking, yahoo iming and listening to the dropkick murphies    kinda bored    chat or yahoo is good   "
back from dinner    burgers!
"wishes you could \like\"" comments too!"""
atomic energy n: energy that can be liberated by changes in the nucleus of an atom (as by fission of a heavy nucleus or fission of a light nuclei into heavier ones with accompanying loss of mass) 
<propfirst> mcguire!!!! steroids!!!! he finally admits to it    
is off to bed finally   
hasn't found anyone with any of his classes yet!     maybe i'm the only person in my classes   
last day of classes! then new ones   
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable     25: annoying  26: rude  rate me!  smile 
seems to be the only person who actually cares about doing well in school that isn't stressing right now about finals    surprised i'm not   
is going to bed now    only one final tomorrow    yay    two friday though   
one final today    two more tomorrow    then a long weekend!
done with the latin final    two more tomorrow   
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can this is an awsome sientific fact thanks zoey!"
just shocked his dog's nose   
"\hey    <propfemale>    you know you're not supposed to be eating your bed    bed's are to sleep on    not eat!\"""""
is off to bed now    good night everyone! only one more day of finals!!!   
is going to hit the hay now    skating tomorrow morning! pretty good day    finished finals finally!
"?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness "
is off to skate!
is back from skating    had an epic time    need plans for the weekend   
is having a nice conversation with my dog about why i'm talking to her when she doesn't understand a word i'm saying and eating a turkey pastrami and monterey <propfirst> cheese bagel sandwich   smile 
is going to bed now    tomorrow should be fun if it works out! <propmale> fontaine! if you say it doesn't work for you i will die!
"is going to run around the sit loop now, bb soon   "
"just got back from running with his dog    never doing that again! she just is too hard to run with! going to the movies later, bored, listening to sting on my itouche right now! and yes i meant to miss spell itouch   "
is catching up on the ncis's   
watching snl on hulu com   
is off to bed now    movies tomorrow    for real this time  ugh    i want springgggg!!!!
"bleh, the least favorite thing i hate about snow    i have to shovel it    (that was weirded kinda wordly    )  laugh "
continuing to watch old snl episodes on hulu com   
"take another ride on the sunshine highway, take another ride try to turn it around! take another ride on the sunshine highway, take another ride try to turn around    tonight      "
p-i-z-z-a for d-i-n-n-e-r! then the movies!
is leaving to the movies soon    be back later   
is going to bed now    great time at the movies with <propmale> and <propfemale>    no plans tomorrow    possibly <propmale>'s    dunno   
is home from <propmale>'s    school tomorrow      sad  new classes though!!!  laugh 
is watching house on hulu com     
just finished watching an episode of bones    going to bed sometime soon    glad to be starting new classes tomorrow   
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who    gets it and follows the instructions)
"school             new classes    no more brit  lit, geometry or latin 1      laugh  now chemistry, ss3 and latin 2          annoyed "
new classes today    social studies will be fun    chemistry maybe not so much    latin 2 seems much more relaxing than last semester too!
is off to bed now    night everyone    absolutely hating someone right now    you'd never guess who    i don't even know who he is either in fact    gonna try to survive another chemistry class tomorrow along with the rest of school!
school      
is trying to decide what to write for his status on facebook    hmmm    
going to school     it's friday!!!
home from school    ub <propmale> reunion tomorrow and sunday!!!! can't wait!!!
hate's it when parents take their anger out on their kids when they're sick or annoyed at anything even if it isn't them!
is watching bones on hulu com   
is going to bed now    waking up early to go to the upward bound <propmale>'s weekend tomorrow at 9! can't wait!
is going to the upward bound <propmale>'s weekend now!
finished the pop up practice sat    back from the ub <propmale> reunion    epic time!!!!!
grrr    i don't like this eye     why does it have to get poofy and sore and grrrr!!!
has all his magic cards out taking some decks apart and making new ones!
is watching bones now    on hulu   
school today     no delay    
grrrrrrr     have to type of one of the two formal lab reports of the semester for chemistry class on wednesday    > sad 
is watching bones on hulu once again   
is off to bed now    school tomorrow    i am not liking chemistry too much      gonna survive it though   
is going to school now    grrr     i don't wanna finish my formal lab report today!  sad 
grrr     lab reports     
finished the formal lab report! phew! now to do the discussion for a different lab    very bored   
phew!!! finished my chemistry homework finally!
bones!
is going to bed   
is off to school now    
chicken fajitas!
"is watching bones, ncis and ncis la! best s shows ever!"
"just finished the most recent scrubs episode, now that i'm completely caught up with the recent bones episodes, ncis, ncis la and scrubs i'm going to bed    skating saturday morning with friends!!!!"
tie for school                        bleh      
is not liking the snow or ice any more    unless i'm skating on it   
playing magic against myself    skating saturday morning with <propmale> fontaine! haven't skated in forever it seems   ! like a few weeks   
is going to bed now    skating saturday morning with <propmale> fontaine and friends!!  laugh 
two sick siblings now    great     going skating with <propmale> tomorrow morning though   
"misses the old <propmale>elodeon    with pinky and the brain, catdog, <propmale>, hey <propmale>, recess and all those real original <propmale> shows      annoyed \"
ggggggrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!! something spiky is in between my gum and cheek and i can't get it!! it's driving my crazy!!!! like a popcorn kernel shell thing    but i haven't eaten popcorn recently     rawr!!!!!!
is going to teen night ayt the boys and girls club soon   
is back from the boy's and girl's club    skating tomorrow morning   
's dog was shivering and wining when she came in from the outdoors     sad         she's fine now  smile     going to bed now and skating in the morning!
is off to <propmale>'s then going skating this morning!
rocking out to led zeppelin!!! no plans tomorrow     two sick siblings here at home    hiding in my room downstairs from them so i don't get sick     annoyed \
comcastic= dumb; destruction causing; full of errors; causes people to get pissed; horrible  -noun: comcast= something that really annoys you and ruins everything! webster dictionary should seriously consider putting this into their dictionary for 2011!
grrrrr    why are so many of my friend's changing their names on facebook?! this is confusing!
is wondering why his dog smells like chinese food right now    
is going to bed now    no plans tomorrow   
ahhhhh     12 hours of sleep!
bleh       bored     
is gonna get a <propfirst> clooney hairstyle early sometime this week    100% serious 
hahahahahaha!!!!!!!! <propfemale> montana is done for! last season! who didn't see that coming?
is off to bed now! school tomorrow    <propfirst> clooney haircut in a couple days   
is going to school now    grrrr    can't wait till february vacation!
is waiting for someone from his chemistry class to log on so i can ask a question about homework    
"now, officially hates chemistry!!!!! argh!!!!!!"
"why does she feel like she has to torture us with all these pre-labs and discussions? finally finished after my dad helped e playful lain it and after i wrote a couple pages e playful laining this horrificly long equation for <propfemale> t, calories, grams, joules and other annoyingly head throbbing concepts! who came up with these ideas?! they must have really had absolutely no life at all!"
is going to bed now after tackling and beating his chemistry homework finally    ugh    only monday      
doesn't have a lot of homework tonight!
is getting a haircut today at 4 i think    according to my dad    so    no more shaggy hair    instead possibly a <propfirst> clooney cut    or what ever the barber thinks would fit best for me   
got a haircut! lookin' better now! clooney style (don't quite look like him though    i don't gel my hair and i'm not 49)   
is going to watch ncis la   
bed    school again tomorrow    new haircut though!
going to school now       oh and did the groundhog see his shadow?
grrrrrrrr      chemistry       nothing else though for homework     but chemistry     yugh! i knew i shoulda taken chem-com!
wants to watch the three amigos now     laugh 
phew    just finished about 2 hours of chemistry homework   
is going to bed now    maybe gallery walk friday    if i can    therefore the boys and girls club too   
is off to school    hope we don't have much chemistry homework tonight given that we hate our first test tomorrow   
dinner    gallery walk tomorrow     then skating saturday hopefully!    
"whoa, whoa whoa whoa! did facebook seriously just change their set up again?!!!"
hmmm    will take a while to get used to this new facebook set-up      annoyed \ anyone else have a new set up?    it offered facebook lite after the change   
is wondering why there are so many deffinition for mousse    there's the pudding type    the gel and animal    and there's the plural of what cow do which is moo    (moos)
is watching house on hulu   
grrrrr      chemistry test tomorrow          
"is on \becoming fan of many groups\"" spree"""
is going to bed now    guess this new facebook setup isn't too bad    chemistry and latin test tomorrow    then gallery walk tomorrow evening and the boys and girls club! anyone else going?
friday!!!! gallery walk tonight    school and a chemistry test first though      annoyed \
is wondering why people are doing all these <propfirst> things right now    valentines day isn't for another    oh     february 14th     got it    nvm   
s going to gallery walk and the boys and girls club soon! gonna be downtown 'till 9   
is back from the boys&girls club    skating tomorrow morning!
going to bed now    skating in the morning!
thinks it's funny how he knows when his door is open or closed without even looking at it when it is behind him    i think it has something to do with the wind circulation in my room        going skating in a bit!
is home    tortellini for dinner   
doesn't exactly enjoy seeing that people have become fans of such and such on his wall really    because then i have to become a fan of it too! sooo addicting   
just woke up from a small nap using my dog as a pillow    best dog ever!
is going to bed now    no plans tomorrow     gonna be kinda boring     annoyed \
grrrrr!      can't      resist      becoming     fan      of      fan pages     and     groups!!
home from keene!
chicken and mr  loaf for dinner   
1 more month till spring training!!!!!! lets go sox!!!!
"fishy has died, but we replaced him with killer "
is going to bed now    school tomorrow    baa humbug!
grrrr    facebook chat! why aren't you working well?!?!?!
"comcastic= all that is utter shit in reliability and quality  mainly focusing on but not limited to: a certain cable company who happens to repair its internet servers every 20 minutes, causing users to become mentally insane within hours; who also rarely broadcasts decent movies on its 900+ channels (only 100 or so of which are accessible without paying $200 mo)"
school    bleh    only tuesday      
"chicken pot pie, bacon quiche for dinner  smile     chemistry hw       annoyed \"
yes! done with my chemistry essay finally!!!
"wtf is this thing that pops up saying \you cannot select a birthday that indicates you are under 18 years old  please contact us for assistance \"" when you try to save your basic info after changing it if you're under 18?"""
is going to bed now    humph school tomorrow    yet again   
wow! <propfirst> leno was fired from the <propfirst> leno show on it's finale? harsh   
school     > sad 
"whoa! what is this animal that has replaced my dog? a long legged, short tailed 45 pound rat that has some type of suffocating perfume on?"
hmmm    should i keep the goatee or get rid of it and start fresh?   
augh!!! i just got my eyeball licked by my dog! my ninja poodle who can quietly sneak up to me and lick my eye giving me no time to fight back!  playful 
is feeling old      lol
off to bed now     night everyone! snow day tomorrow hopefully!!!
morning     one more day until the weekend after today    finaly!
friday finally!!! one more day 'till the weekend!
humph! bored    anyone feeling like chatting?
ahhh    damnit! gotta do some chemistry questions      annoyed \
hates when i about to click on someone who is online under the chat box but as soon as i bring chat up or right before i click send they go offline!
is going to bed now     friday tomorrow finally!!!!
is going to school now 
weekend finally!!!! skating possibly saturday morning   
"is trying to dicide if he should skate tonight or tomorrow     or i could maybe if my mom says ok, go to the boys and girls club tonight and skate tomorrow    hmmm   "
is going to the boys & girls club soon    skating tomorrow   
back from the boys& girls club 
 crying  ub is gonna be sooo different this summer     why duo why? why do you have to leave?! off to bed    skating in the morning   
is off to free skating soon    then the putney diner with fdam and possibly the colonial!
is back from the rink    going to the colonial to swim soon!
back from swimming at the colonial    going to panda north for dinner!
omg!!! i can't wait till this summer!!! ub is sooo far away    4 months!! grrrr    this is gonna be such a long spring waiting!!!
hmmmm    after i eat a banana i always crave pretzels    listening to u2!
copter is an addicting game    got 1223 so far    dinner soon    so bored   
is gonna kill his computer!!!! wtf?!?! why can't dumb old comcast not work well for 3 days straight?!?!?! i hate comcastic companies!!!
watching ncis la!
's leg is twitching        wierd     
"bed, night everyone!"
is off to bed now    night everyone! hopefully a snowday tomorrow!
no school!!!!
grrr    school tomorrow    it would be a great schedual if i didn't have chemistry in it    bored    anyone feel like chatting?
is going to bed now    school tomorrow     annoyed \
is going to school    can't wait 'till vacation next week!
home    bleh    only two more days 'till vacation   
who is going to upward bound this summer? like this status or comment on it if you are    i'm just wondering    i know of some people but not all     laugh 
is off to bed now    thursday tomorrow    then friday    then    vacation!!!
wants vacation already    or at least friday! school in 30 <propfemale>   
one more day 'till vacation!!!    seeing the play tomorrow   
67 more school days 'till summer vacation not including finals!!!
"is watching scrubs: my musical on my itouch! best episode ever! lol definitely need to have that as a school musical for buhs! that, would be amazing! lmfao!"
is going to bed now    finally friday tomorrow!!! then vacation!!!!! going to see the play tomorrow 
grrr! wtf i hate my boots! they just gave me a blister on my ankle    or maybe i hate my blister prone ankles    saw the play last night    it was awesome!
"just got back from another long walk    got quite muddy    walked allllll the way to the end of a steep curvy road that branched off of black mountain road by the name of, i think, fox farm road and then back home again "
is going to the boys and girls club soon   
bleh       b-o-r-e-d! this vacation is gonna be     eeeeeeeeeeppppppppppiiiiiiiiiicccccccccc!!!!!!!!!! even though i have no real plans at all    
is off to bed now    vacation!!!
hmmmm     what to do today       
is going bowling   
"hmmm    a spam, bbq and lettuce sandwich      not the tastiest of foods      especially  when you know the ingredients and nutrition facts     but good    "
noooo!!!! my dog just punched me in the forehead    on purpose      annoyed \ i am soooo bored     i refused my dog's invitation to box though   
i just lost the game!!!!!!! which means       everyone who just read this lost the game as well     mwahahahahaaaaa! mwahahahahaaaa!       i win!
wow    i put my itouche on shuffle and it went right to the song i was going to set it to if it didn't go to it on shuffle!     laugh      and yes i meant itouche and not itouch    sounds cooler   
10 more days of the not red sox obsessed me    then spring training begins!!!!!
grrrr! why does facebook have to have so many errors!!! i lost the game!!!! pizza with indian veggie burger on top for dinner!!!
has a sudden urge of needing to watch the three amigos!!!!
is going to bed now    wonder what is going on tomorrow    don't exactly want to be on facebook all day again     annoyed \
"has a really sore back, arms and legs for some unknown reason        hmmm    could be from all that walking i did two days ago but that wouldn't e playful lain my arms    still no plans for vacation    need some    or else i'll be on facebook all the time    lol   "
is back from hannafords    pad thai for dinner   
i lost the game again    hmmm    maybe i'll watch the three amigos again    lol    so <propmale> fontaine you just lost the game again too    mwahahahahaaa!!!!!
hmmm    i am trying to dicide if i should get rid of the whole goatee and start fresh or not    i'm kinda tempted    but it would take a while to grow back    hmmm    so i think since i can't decide    i will have people vote   
"ok, i think, unless someone says anything now    i will be back to my old, younger, no goatee self by tomorrow morning!"
good bye goatee and 'stash! the old <propfirst> is back    but still looking older than the old <propfirst> 
doesn't like how every time someone says something on someone's wall or every time you do a social interview thing or anything like that it goes up so everyone who is one of your facebook friends can see it        annoyed \
is going to bed now    goodnight everyone!
no! snow only can come down on school days and only if it causes a snow day!! bad snow! bad! spring better be on it's way       i want to be able to go outside without boots and coats and still be warm!! arg!!!
just got back from a walk down black mountain and fox farm road    driving down that road must be like a death sentance with all that ice and mud! going to keene now   
"just downloaded a bunch more music onto his itouch! yay! humph! i need plans for vacation!!!! i can't be stuck here in my room on facebook all week! well, i could    but it would be veeeerrrrry boring    "
is going to bed now    wonder what i'm gonna be doing tomorrow    besides facebook     
in from a bunch of shoveling    this is some snow    had to go get my dog who escaped too    (she heads right to the road and waits for cars to <propmale>    ) but i'm done now!  laugh 
"ok, where is spring?!?!?!!!! i need warm weather!!!! i'm getting really sick of this cold, wet, white stuff that's been falling from the sky lately!!!"
humph! i can't wait for summer    no more snow and i can go outside without having to put on winter stuff to be warm and    there is not nearly as much mud     annoyed \
listening to sting! kinda boring snow storm    stuck at home cause of the snow and i don't want to go out into the cold   
"homemade bacon quiche, homemade squash pie (basicaly pumpkin pie) and sweet potatoes for dinner! along with some other random stuff    grrrr! i have to shovel again?!?!?!"
is listening to the band where all these old guys are always wearing tights! lol worst look ever   
it is 9:11 right now     i look at the clock at that time every day     it's weird      and kinda creepy    
goon squad!!
is off to bed! hopefully a new foot of snow doesn't greet me tomorrow morning    or else there will be some blood shed! the snow's blood that is!
is up       eewww rain now      at least it washes the snow away     
"grrrrr! mom is using the excuse \   because we are weak and you are strong\"" (referring to her and my little siblings) again    for the reason why i have to shovel the back porch    if that is true then maybe they should shovel the porch to get stronger! i will    later when it isn't raining   """
ugh    i want dryer weather!    i need to get out of this house to do something fun!
5+ more days of vacation     skating some time   
dinner      pork chops   
is about to watch food inc   
is going to bed now    goodnight world!
anyone who wants to know some interesting true facts about meat look at my most recent note!
"hmmm    what to do, what to do     "
is off to bed!
hmmm    gah! so far today has been pretty boring       hmmm    need plans for today and the day tomorrow   
just finished building playmobile structures    going outside for a bit    (being forced to)
is going to swim at the colonial pool soon!
grrr! pirate language is confusing! i click the wrong buttons on facebook! hmmm    i'll learm eventually how what is what though   
ggaaarrr!!! i want ub now!!! this is gonna be a long 3 1 2 months till ub     
is going to kill his computer!!! it is slower than a banana slug!!! and they go 3 3 inches an hour!!!!
"b-o-r-e-d spells      something that i am right now     thus i am making this status out of boredum and feeling slightly tired so i may go to bed soon    unless that is i suddenly find something interesting to do on facebook or someone to chat with or my fing computer quits being as slow as a banana slug    seeing avatar tomorrow, that's been in theater foer which seems like forever    so it must be really good   "
going to bed     annoyed \
hmmmm     what to do today until 6 smile 0ish    there's facebook    and    ummm   
turkey pastrami and monterejack cheese bagel for lunch!
bleh! just took my dog out to train her and for her to play and used chicken giblets as a treat    now i can't get the repulsive stench off my hands even after washing my hands twice    ick!
"garlic an' a cheesy tortellini and broccoli for dinner, movies later, i'ma feelin' mya italiano heritage!    -in italian accent-"
back from the movie    had an great time! avatar= total epicness!
is going for a walk   
is watching this last summer's uber news    ah    that was amazing    can't wait till this summer    when there's no snow    warm air    no mud    no school    and uber friends all around!
"*sigh* school tomorrow     which means i better finish my chemistry homeworks    well, at least i get to see my friends again and don't have to be bored at home on facebook all day    instead i get to be bored at school in class     sad "
"??\<propmale>'s army is here to stayyy    <propmale>'s army are on their wayyy    and i would rather be anywhere else but here today!\"" ??         pizza for dinner!!!"""
is off to bed and is finally done with his chemistry homework!
ugh      school      sad 
"spring training!!!!! first game today!!! sox played against 2 colleges and obviously destroyed them 13-0 but the first mlb game was today, mets won against the braves   "
margaritas for dinner!
going to <propfemale>'s for dinner now! not having margaritas for dinner    that would not only be against the law but would also not be very filling only being a drink and all   
"gah!!! i hit my funny bone on the car door like 2 hours ago and it's still feeling funny    well, not too funny    more sore     sad "
hates his computer and it obviously hates him back! > sad     and after declaring this anger enriched statement i bid you all a good night and hopefully my computer feels friendlier in the morning! damn aim and facebook not working well!
is off to school   
babysitting from 4ish till 9 smile 0 or 10:ish tonight    fun fun fun     annoyed \
is done baby sitting!
is off to bed now    friday tomorrow!!! yay then the weekend! half day thursday next week and the week after half day thursday and no school friday!!!
wait! before i go to bed does anyone want to meet up at gallery walk tomorrow? if not i'll just <propfemale> out at the boys and girls club   
school      sad  gallery walk and the boys and girls club tonight! weekend tomorrow!!!  laugh 
yay!!! weekend!!! gallery walk later! does anyone want to meet up?
is going to gallery walk soon!
is back from gallery walk and the b&g club!
is going to the rink soon    gonna skate! for the last time this season     sad 
french toast and bacon for dinner!
bleh    what should i do tomorrow? anyone want to make plans or meet up somewhere or something?
is off to bed now    i need plans for tomorrow!!! anyone want to <propfemale>?
"ok, so i need plans for today    besides facebook   "
wtf is this sims stuff?!?! i go to it to see what it is cause i get tagged and suddenly it creates 5 trillion photos of mine with my friends tagged?!?! wtf is this?
"ok  everything's better now    the sims application thing, i have gotten rid of    for now    damn annoying automatically-posting-when-you go-to-it-app-thingy! i hate those! and i can't block it under privacy on my account!"
just got home from walking my dog and before i can even put the leash away she vomits twice   
tacos for dinner!! ugh    more school tomorrow     sad 
"red sox! red sox! red sox! red sox! red sox! red sox! best mlb team ever!!! spring training has begun!!! sox yanks game in may! 27 days, 23 hours and 15 minutes untill the first sox game of the regular season!!! eeeeepppppiiiiiccccc!!!!!"
holy crap! 60 friends online right now!
"bed     school    facebook    i need summer    like, right now! > sad "
is not going to get on facebook once tomorrow!    or at least if i remember not to   
going to bed now    be back on facebook on tuesday!
school   
going to bed   
is going to school now     annoyed \
nomar has retired in a boston red sox uniform! now gonna broadcast on espn!
school          half day though!!  laugh 
"is in the library with <propmale> fontaine and <propmale> <propmale>    waiting for parent teacher conferences    skiing tomorrow at birk mountain on my \day off\""!"""
is off to bed    skiing tomorrow at burk mountain!
going to burk mountain soon   
off to bed    skiing was fun    dunno what i'm doing this weekend   
going swimming soon at the colonial!  laugh 
hmmmm      epic! burgers for dinner    swam laps at the colonial    need plans for tomorrow   
is going to the boys and girls club    be back a little after 9     laugh 
is home from the club!
"is off to bed    setting the clocks forward tonight    well,  2 am is when the time's supposed to be set forward but i'm not staying up 'till then    so we get to lose an hour of sleep tonight   "
how dare the clocks lie to me! it is not 12 smile 0! i know it is 11 smile 0! damn this moving time forward and back invention!
is catching up on bones    damn i've missed a lot!
bedtime    3 1 2 day weekend this week    then the ub retreat weekend!!!! yay!
school    3 1 2 day week though   
chemisrty homework   
's dog is snoring   
is going to bed now    in an unusually fantepic mood    no clue why    just am    gonna pown in latin tomorrow during the end of the jeopardy game    and gonna learn more about the curious case of the jfk assassination and the interesting conspiracies behind it! 2 1 2 more days of school this week! then the ub weekend!!!! yay!
found his secret service shades! booya!
is going to bed now    hmmm    not much coming up    except    upward bound retreat weekend!!! that is gonna be absolutely fantepic dude!!!!!!!!!!!!
hmmm    it's saint <propfirst>'s day! wearing green    don't think i'm <propfemale> though    mainly just italian and french canadian    but w e    corned beef for dinner    school    and    1 2 day tomorrow!!!
hmmm    back from a walk with my dog    1 2 day tomorrow!!! yay!!!
hmmm    bored     what to do     anyone feel like chatting bring up the chat!
anyone else on skype?
bed time    half day tomorrow    yay! then the ub sleep over saturday!!!!!
grr    google chrome! why won't you work?! ugh   sore throat     sad  half day today though!
is going for a walk    it's quite warm out! weekend!!!! ub reunion thingy saturday!!!!
pizza                                yum!
is back from a 15 mile walk with <propmale> fontaine    4 hours and 20 minutes     laugh     burgers for dinner!
is going to upward bound retreat weekend soon!!!
just got home    love ub!!!! best people ever!!!   laugh 
is going for a walk    be back in an hour   
it's 9:11!    the time i always look at the clock at       annoyed \
going to finish chemistry and then go to bed now    school tomorrow     annoyed \ ;
school        ): 5 day week too     d=
hmmm    french toast and bacon for dinner! kinda bored        
is off to bed!
school      annoyed \
is off to bed    hopefully this cold is gone soon    it feels better already    goodnight evil mind controling world of facebook!  playful 
school now    woke up 45 minutes later than usual   
going for a walk    be back in an hour    taking the sats may 1st   
is going to school    friday!!! yay!!!
good facebook!
weekend!! wonder what i'm doing today   
"is juggling to pass time    yes, that's right, i said juggling "
hmmm   
is raking and doing yard work     annoyed \    <propfemale> food for dinner!  laugh 
bed time!   more yard work tomorrow i think    maybe some driving too   
epic is my trademarked word now! so no one else can use it unless you get a written consent by me! same goes for my fantepic !  playful  lol
i lost the game                    
red sox yankees home opener easter at 8!!!! yay!!!
has been trying to e playful lain to his computer for the past 5-10 minutes why it does have wi-fi because the wi-fi detector and computer said it had 11 0 mbps of connection and because the motem upstairs is always connected therefore it always has wi-fi    finally it understood but it really likes to get me going     damn comcastic comcast!
-sigh-  laugh   almost the weekend        only    hmmm     3 more days     annoyed \ maybe it's not almost the weekend       but anyways    gonna be a busy one!!! so    not a ton of time of being on facebook 
after tomorrow     4 days of 70 degree <propfemale> weather in a row!!!! then some rain and in the 50s and 60s after that for a few days   
-sigh- love is so confusing   
a bunch of warm sunnyish days coming up!!! yay!!!  laugh 
"o o it's gonna be april fools day on the day i have a chemistry test    i wonder if it will actually happen     hmmmm    well, i'm off to bed! nice warm days coming up! yay!!!!!"
where the heck did all my socks go?!?!?!?!?! is this some april fools joke?!
school    chemisty test today    april fools day!!!
is going for a walk    nice warm and <propfemale> out!!!! yay!!!
back from the walk    pizza for dinner    friday tomorrow   
grr! i'm sick of this searching for the right girl thing    gonna have to just do the hardest thing possible    wait    and see where life takes me   
is off to bed now    warmth finally! weekend coming up   
it's friday!!!! weekend tomorrow!!!  laugh  school first though      annoyed \
is going to texas in    2 weeks!!!  laugh  epic!!! ten it's my 18th b-day on may 4th    mom's b-day today and little brother's tomorrow    then easter sunday    then red sox yankees box seats the weekend after my b-day    busy month ahead! oh    and sats on may 1st   
is going for a walk   
avast! i be speakin' in pirate tongue on ye old facebook! and i be likin' it!
is extremely bored so is going to start talking to everyone who is on facebook right now    and i mean everyone    yes i'm that bored     cause why be friends with people on facebook when you never talk to them?
hmmm     i think i'd like to move to canada when i live on my own    possibly    out in north western canada    where it isn't terribly cold    but isn't extremely hot    eh? i am 50% french canadian   
is off to bed      weekend    yay!
haircut today??? possibly???? the clooney cut again???? maybe?     possibly like <propfirst> parent's hair cut    maybe not though    that would be pretty extreme      lol <propfirst> mayhew    i think i'm gonna fall down laughing monday    it's gonna be epic!!!!  laugh 
is going to bed now    gonna be a warm easter!! yay! 72ish degrees again! gonna be a fun day!
epic day today!  school tomorrow       *sigh*     that sucks       a whole nother week of boringness    than another     but then     april vacation!!! which means    texas!!!
red soxc yankees!!!! opening night!!! once again    a good old sox win    the yankees pitching staff sucks so much compared to the sox's     playful  only comment on this by the way please if you are a sox fan   
8-7 sox!!! booya! what now?!
"9-7 sox, final score! goodnight yankees! pap's shuts, them, down! and good night facebook! and the sox season is on it's way    with a positive outlook as well! the yankees though    not so much       playful "
done with chemistry!!! hmmm    bleh!  playful 
school    not monday at least    supposed to be 80 today    and 85 degrees tomorrow!!!! i have to be stuck in school though!
grrrrr!!!!! why heck won't ywp let me log on on my computer?!?!??!
is going to bed now    school again tomorrow    gonna be warm too! 84 degrees   
little bro's throwing up    but in other friendlier news    it's 85 degrees out and feeling like summer!! yay!
to bed i go! 2 more days left to the week    then one more week till vacation! yay!
ahhh    no homework    how relaxing    ultimate frisbee on mondays and thursdays too now    once i get drafted at least 
's dog is barking in her sleep    i think she's having a nightmare   lol
friday!!!! one more week 'till     texas!!!! school first though     annoyed \
sox win 8-3!!! need plans for tomorrow   
bed now    no plans tomorrow    except facebook and the usual walk with the dog    possibly have a friend over    i dunno   
just got back from bowling with the fam      
omg!!! i haven't watched mythbusters in forever!!! i gotta see if they have it on hulu com     laugh 
snl!!
wtf    are all the bands that snl has come play that aren't really famous absolutely horrendous?!?!   
wrote yet another poem! people asked me to    so i did    so it's under my notes    as soon as i finish with this status at least     playful 
needs to find a job   
beans and rice for dinner!!! oh    and i   just    lost    the    game       playful  haha 
absolutely positively hates chemistry! it's like a big mosquito buzzing around you waiting for the perfect time to dive in to stab you with it's sharp poking thingy!  playful  aim sucks! it never has and still doesn't work on my computer!
is off to bed    bleh 
breakfast for dinner!!!
1 more day of school 'till vacation!!!! yay!!!!texas monday!!! 19 more days of being 17   
can't wait for tomorrow!!! gonna be fantepic! ice cream party in chemistry    movies in latin and social studies    then vacation and texas! yay!  laugh 
who else plays the notorious game called the game?     cause you just kinda lost it       playful 
bed    friday tomorrow    then vaca    staying after school tomorrow possibly     gonna watch the jv boys baseball game    anyone else gonna stay?
spring break!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is watching the sox and on his itouche! mexican food for dinner!!!!!!!!
is off to bed    rain delay in the middle of the ninth inning?! really?! baby sitting my sibs 9-3 smile 0 tomorrow     annoyed  then hopefully hanging out with <propmale> fontaine! texas monday!!!
furnace isn't working    = no hot water or heat   
can't find the charging chord for his itouch anywhere!
"blasting springsteen, led zeppelin, costello, dropstick murphies and u2 and sting and baby sitting the sibs   "
wrote another epicly long poem!
is off to bed now  texas in 2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anybody know which biufl team i'm on?
bored    feels like chatting with people 
is going to bed now   texas tomorrow!!! yay!!! poor <propfemale> (my dog) has to be away from her companion (me) for 5 days and have no one to throw frisbees or walk her   sad  at least she'll have the outside to enjoy and my room to sleep in when we're gone    but yay!!! texas!  laugh 
is going for a walk with my dog before the plane ride to texas!  laugh 
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here is a task for you    i want all of my fb friends to post how they met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you will be amazed at the responses you get "
is off to texas in 20 minutes!!! well    off to harford and the airport at least   laugh 
is at the lakehouse in burnet texas! returning to vermont late saturday night    just got back from the longhorn cavern 
is leaving texas tomorrow    going to san <propfirst> later and tomorrow to the san <propfirst> zoo before we fly back to vt   
is baby sitting 5 cousins and siblings for a couple hours when my parents and aunt and uncle go out to eat    leaving from san <propfirst> to go back to vt tomorrow evening 
is going to the zoo soon then back to vt    plane leaves at 4 smile 0   
is in the san antono airport getting ready for the flight back at 4 smile 0   
is about to board so ill be back on late tonight or in the morning   
finally hpme again    off to bed now 
"what is this?!?! you can't become a fan of anything anymore?!?! you have to \like them? that's bs! what are they thinking?!"""
school tomorrow     wanting to see friends again    not really wanting classes though    sat s saturday and my b-day the tuesday after that!
ncis and bones!!!
is off to bed    have to wake up at 6 surprise 0am tomorrow again for school     sad  gonna be able to see friends though finally!!! yay!  laugh 
-sigh-      school           
awwwwww     my dog is having a nightmare barking in her sleep     wink 
bed    night folks!
looks like he's 17 again   playful   laugh 
"what to do, what to do   "
bones!!!!
sox win 2-1! buckholtz goes 8 innings of 1 run ball! ya <propmale>!!!
feelsa lika chatting witha human being through facebook 
"knows a bunch of <propmale>s    lol  laugh  <propmale> <propmale>, <propmale> fontaine, <propmale> stohr, <propmale> ?? sidler, <propmale>jamin tuttle, my little brother, two of his friends, one of his friend's dads what a popular name! you should create a group just for <propmale>s on facebook!  laugh "
"ya <propfirst> and bard! 1 hit, 11 k's, 119 pitches, 2 walks and 7 innings for <propfirst> and 1 hit and 3 ks in the eigth for bard! now we can shut them down with paps in the ninth 2-0! booya!!!"
off to bed now  good night virtual world of facebook!  laugh 
biufl at 5 smile 0!
is back from biufl! won 16-10 or something like that 
bed time    biufl was fun    another game monday at 6:45    that's gonna be a good game vs  tiedye! two of the best teams!
chromeo 
do you want to go for a       walk?!?! -loud excited barking and ecstatic jumping around immediately afterwards by my dog-  laugh  be back in an hour-ish
oh      boy  sats     the <propmale>'s 
is back from the sats that was funnn    at <propmale>'s now   
"home from <propmale> fontaine's    epic! maybe you'll actually have a <propmale> to go back to ub now! sat's weren't at all as bad as the practice sats were with ub! oh, ya    anybody else on g-mail that wants to add me? i got google talk and only one person to talk to    i also have yahoo    but i have lot's of friends on yahoo!  laugh "
hopes it rains soon    but only rain no lightning because that would mean no biufl    biufl in the torential downpour would be epic though   
yeah! biufl: blue beats tie-dye 15-13 in overtime!!!!
turning the big 18 tomorrow!!!! kinda tired from the epic biufl game   
18 today!
"b-day dinner was      well, me sitting alone in the dark dinning room eating some cold steak and pasta salad    damn power outage! lol"
is going to the red sox angels game soon!
"nomar garciaparra was officially retired as a red soclk as of last night, the game i went to, sox won 3-1  working on 4 1 2 hours of sleep today! chemistry test and biufl game today! worth it though! (the sox game that is!)"
off to biufl soon    playing the yellow team 
blue team is 3-0 now   
wants to go to gallery wallk but can't unless i can find a ride back 
got back from gallery walk    time for bed now    weekend!!!!!  laugh 
gonna go scrape moss off the side walk if the rain stopped   
finished scraping moss for today    babysitting later  bored    listening to chromeo and other epic bands right now!
somebody bring chat up! i'm bored!      please 
hopes it's warmer tomorrow    i want summer!!!!!! 40 more days 'till vacation!!!!!!
food for dinner       playful 
totally wants a pet camel spider   then during the day i can pet it and play with it and then when i wake up in the morning i can have a giant piece of flesh missing from where it ate with it's numbing venom to keep it from waking me!  smile  so funnn     
happy mother's day!!!
must have had a bug or food poisoning or something last night cause i was kinda sick all way early morning and i think i may have passed out too at one point    feeling better now and ever since i woke up around 6 and went to bed again    now my little bro got it i think   
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored       stuck home all day   
off for a walk   
bleh    i feel like chatting with someone other than my dog     i'm soooo bored   
downloading some chromeo onto my itouche!
ha! sox are destroying the yanks and their best pitcher right now 9-2!  playful  now who sucks! mr  below 2 00 <propfemale> burnett who gave up all 9 runs in    less than 5 innings! going to bed now   
off to bed    blue team (biufl) won again   red sox won    yankees lost    no homework    pretty chill      lol never used that phrase before     smile 
"sweet! 2 ncis, ncisla and bones episodes to watch that i've missed!  laugh "
"school, chromeo, the dial and home again   "
has a <propmale> code red decision to make    that is extremely difficult   
i lost the game!
doesn't think he'll be returning to ub this summer         dunno though     gonna talk to some people first and think more        the other choice is a class in the summer twice a week every evening that if i go to every class i can take a college credit class for free   
8 days 'till my sat scores!
"-sigh- remember <propmale> <propmale>? those were the days     \crikey!!! look at the size of his bite!\""  laugh """
dinnerrrrrrrr          biufl at 6:45 vs  pink! anyone who wants to watch it's at the softball field at buhs     lasts an hour 
biufl    be back a little after 8   
is a beast!  playful  won like 30-10 or something like that against pink! 5-0 now    was in the whole game except for a little break in the beginning   
friday! yay!
tacoooooooos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bones! weekend!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!
bed now     yay for the much needed weekend!  laugh 
is gonna go mini golfing soon   
off for a walk with my dog    back  in like an hour and a half   
"please put this on your status if you know of or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
the simpsons    dadadadadadadadadada   dadadada   dadadada! ( theme song)
is going keene soon   
"back from keene    got some dress shoes, grey socks and black pants   "
snl!
"snl has the worst music taste ever! <propfemale>, mgnc, wtf?! they stink     and that's not even the worst! lol i think they need to find someone who has a little better taste     playful "
going to bed    school tomorrow        annoyed \
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: sexy   12: hot   13: funny   14: amazing   15: beautiful   16: cute  
can't make it to the biufl game tuesday    i will d-block twice as hard thurseday though! blue will dominate!!!!!
boo ya    blue still destroyed green in biufl even though it was 4 on 5 and only 4 kids showed up!!!! haha! i couldn't show but gonna play twice as hard thurseday! d-block <propfemale> will be in the house for yet another victory over the rival black team!  playful 
half day     hangin' after with <propmale> fontaine and <propmale> <propmale> though 'till 3   
"everyone from blue team please be there tomorrow     last game of the regular biufl season! let's make this one a good epic game! most of us have had rest     lol since only 3 came tuesday    not including me    so ya    we gotta get this    after this, if we lose, we're out  which we won't if we continue to play how we've been playing! "
gonna mow the lawn      
yes    that epicly long <propfemale> name is annoying yet      wtf is up with those   
dude    that game was radical man    we like totally are gonna pown now     ub in about a month bro    can't wait    ub is totally    epic     yeah       friday tomorrow too    now that's intense man     playful 
"black team  you are going down in the playoffs! nobody talks crap about our blue team who happened to beat you fair and square and gets away with it! we will own you in the playoffs! <propmale> haddad , aiden <propfirst> earley , <propmale> jacobs , <propfirst> burch ! we still beat you and still got a pass on first rounds for being what? oh, that's right! undefeated!"
is going to watch shrek 3 with the fam      playful  back in a bit   
chromeo! weekend! outside work tomorrow at my aunts! ub in a month    ish! nyc trip in a week too!  laugh  should be a good    ish week coming up!
if you become a fan of a very long <propfemale> would you please delete the post that says you have on your wall just cause it kinda takes up the whole status updates    and i could really care less if someone liked an epically long <propfemale>    those things are just annoying    please and thank you!  playful 
 laugh  ello!
ya dice-k! no hitter through 6 1 3 so far!
is off to bed     finally    want this next week to just be skipped to thurseday afternoon and friday 2nd block please   
why do they have to come up with another whateverametry in math and science      wtf is stoichiometry    well i get what it is     just not how to do it          playful  w e    bed soon     
is off to the putney commons   
is sitting on the putney common on the steps of putney books as my dad plays music    managed to find wifi though!  playful 
and to bed i shall go! good night facebook! see you bright and early at 6 in the morning    i know so sad     i'm talking to facebook     but no one else is talking to me    so     yeah          playful 
hmmm     well     gonna register to vote one of these days    able to go for my license whenever once i do  little more practicing    summer is over in     about a month    or less!  laugh  then    ub! yay!
just ate some chichen salad and bread for dinner    with a tofuti cutie for desert!  playful  going out to play with the dog for a bit    be back in about a 1 2 hour!
to bed i go!
school    the dial    home    then biufl tomorrow! nyc friday!  laugh 
thinks its pretty funny that the school blocked facebook in the library but not in the cafereria     on my itouch     playful 
biufl today    vs green    whoever wins faces tie dye or purple in the championship game next thursday! we play at 6:45 at the tic field    blue vs green!  school first though   
1 month till ub ya!!!! can't wait!  playful 
is preparing for the annihilation of green team tonight in biufl  playful 
blue wins 16-9 vs  green  made an epic end of the game snag right before it landed on the ground! nyc tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"all of blue team should try and make it next thursday for the last game, the championship vs tie-dye cause we gotta beat these guys! they are all we gotta get through now! next thursday at    6:45, the 3rd of june  we beat them before so we can beat them again!"
is off to bed    nyc tomorrow!!!!!!  laugh  gotta make it through chemistry first though     annoyed \
nyc!
is innyc! the coach bus has wifi!  playful 
is back from nyc! epic trip!
11:11 make a wish!
is wondering wtf is a new york yankee balloon doing in his house!!! this is totally unacceptable at all levels! > surprise   playful 
is really bored      wishing he could <propfemale> out with someone but kinda stuck home alone all day    w e    school tomorrow    pool is gonna be swimmable soon!  laugh dd
epicness! there's only ummm                  let me count    15 more days till school is over! then upward bound in    28 days!!!!! yay! nyc was pretty damn epic as well!  laugh 
chicken pad <propfemale> for dinnerrrr   
bacon and french toast for dinner!  playful 
25 more days 'till ub!!!! 15 more days 'till finals are out!!!  laugh ddd
boredom  is so        boring        no friends to chat with!!!! oh nos!!!!!
gallery walk later!
is of to gallery walk   
bed time       gallery walk was funn    tao seger was    ummm       ok     ish      playful  family gathering tomorrow to prepare for the wedding in a couple weeks! ub the day after the wedding too! yay ub!  laugh 
inbox or text me and tell me something that you have always wanted to tell mebut never have; i wont tell anybody  set this as your status and see what you get 
week and a half of school left! then      summer vacation!!!!!!  laugh dd
left overs for dinner    i think    which means tacos!  laugh  spring fling tomorrow!!! last full week of school! ub in 20 days!!!  laugh 
bed soon    spring fling tomorrow! 8 more days 'till finals! 19 days 'till ub!  laugh 
 playful  professional soccer players are wimps! who delays a game because of a small stench in the air!? smog is everywhere and at the rate that we're going it will continue to grow until our <propfemale> brainless cooperation heads realize that they actually do need to find a new alternate energy source to replace oil   playful 
spring fling today! school soon   
was the first to dunk mr  mcloughlin in the dunk tank during spring fling  playful  second throw too     prolly gonna be in the paper throwing that throw tomorrow  he went way too far when he brought up the yankess! he had to be dunked then!  laugh 
is gonna laugh if strasberg completely blows his debue     he is being way    to overrated right now    people don't know how he'll do!
holy fuck    strasberg wins    5-2     14 strikeouts! over 7 innings in his <propmale> league debut! only gave up a 2 run hr in the 4th for runs! he's got heat! throwing 101 in the 7th still too!  surprise  sensational debut!
"going to bed    18 days till ub!! 9 days till finals are over    only    7 more days of school 2 of them being just finals too!  laugh   annoyed \ bleh, finals   playful "
this is why you put your facebook profile as private    so only friends can search it and so it doesn't show up in out of facebook searches    i just looked up my self on the web and found this site    it didn't have me on it    but still     creepy    
"bed           only 2 more days 'till the weekend       last full week of being a <propmale>! by the end of next week    i'l be a senior baby! whoo!!!  playful  oh, gonna get a haircut sometime in the next couple weeks too! <propfirst> clooney style again too    but i think i'll go a little shorter than last time though    it's summer    and the clooney cut isn't really the clooney cut unless it's shorter   "
is off to bed    jeeze    this is gonna be a long        6 days      and then a long days of finals    and then a long       12 days till ub   playful  a lot of long        days      but then everything will go so fast in ub!  sad  why do the fun things hafta go by so fast and the boring so slow?! it's no fair     sad  ub in     17 days though!  laugh  summer vaca in    8!!!!! and only 4 more days of school! then finals         annoyed \
i know i just said i was going to bed   but    the human species is a very violent species    we are one of very few animals that kill thier own kind! polar bears kill thier cubs when they are really sick but    even <propmale> cobras don't fight to the death  when fighting for territory they wrestle and whichever one pins the other one down get it  no biting allowed  if only humans were as gentle as <propmale> cobras     playful  haha
is going to putney soon    
is on the putney common   
weekend!!!!!!  laugh  2 more days of school    1 more day of chemistry!!! and the final   
is so bored! i am going to go insane!!!!!! o o i need to do something! anyone feel like hanging?
is back from the club 
is off to bed      2 more days of school till finals! 1 more day of chemistry!!!  laugh 
2 more weeks till ub!!!!!!  laugh 
"going to the second to last school day of my <propmale> year    well, until college at least      playful "
haha! bush's own daughter and wife betrays him    going democrat    lmfao!     even his family is realizing how dumb his ideas are!  playful 
1 more day of school! then 3 finals and then i'm a senior baby! yeeeaaahh!!!
"last day tomorrow before we\re seniors! well    finals    but last day of school!"""
"ok, tomorrow    d lunch who wants to have a debate, batman vs superman, who would win in a fight?! for the last day of this school year!  playful "
to bed i go    last day of school 'till summer vaca tomorrow! then after finals seniors! goodnight everyone and facebook!
no more school! only 3 finals!  laugh 
lol    totally    if your brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you as  (1) crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  hot (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy (13) funny (14) awsome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) loud (1 smile  quiet   ? (=
is going swimming!
"in the words of <propmale> simpson    douh! chemistry final tomorrow     playful  i hate chemistry    and yes, i know hate is a strong word, that's why i'm using it!  smile  but    studying    then bed      on the upside      12 days until upward bound!!!  laugh dd"
1 final and then home  then 2 finals tomorrow and the accuplacer and then school's out! ub!!!! in     11 days!!!!  laugh 
is at penera in kkene    gonna get my hair cut soon!
booya! 45 out of the 74 ubers this year are returnees! sweet! much more than last year! only like    20 last year    gonna be an epic year!
got new shoes and a hair cut!  playful  last day of school and finals tomorrow!!! ub in    11 days!
oh my fucking god you can like comments now!!!
hmmm     i should be getting to bed       finals tomorrow     goodnight facebook! goodnight comments that can be liked now! goodnight fellow facebook addicts!  playful 
senior now! accuplacer at 11 smile 0    thenschool is out!
aced the accuplacer! summer vacation now! next up    ub    thensenior year!
just had tacos for dinnerrrr! yum!
is going swimming    
is going to have lunch and then swim in his pool    ub in 9 days!
is going to go swim with <propmale> fontaine now in my pool    then buhs graduation hopefully!
is officially a senior now! 2010 seniors have graduated! congrats class of 2010! a year from now that'll be me up there    hopefully with honors too!  laugh 
is off to bed now    <propfirst>'s graduation party tomorrow!
<propfirst> <propmale>'s graduation party soon    babysitting after    gonna be epic!
is so        tired      going to bed real soon      <propfirst> kenney's grduaton party was epic! congrats again man and all other 2010 graduates!
is going to <propfirst>'s graduation party soon      
is going to bed now    had a fun time today with my big bro and his fam  and friends    got an old acoustic gibson guitar too! marlboro is         something else          playful  ub in     7 days! wedding in 6!
upward bound in 4 1 2 days!  laugh  can't wait! gonna be another epic year!
to bed i shall go     upward bound in     3 days!!!!!!!  laugh 
just finished swimming    more wedding stuff later    and tomorrow    and the wedding the next day    then    upward bound!!!  laugh 
everybody that sees this status has to tell me how we met  if your brave youll put this as your status too 
"hmmm    is only people could see all the recent statuses of my facebook friends right now    it looks like there's some sort of anarchy that's going on! fires, craziness, no order, shooting     playful  lol crazy!"
hehe yay! wedding tomorrow! ub in    1 1 2 more days!!!!!!  laugh  so happy!!! going to bed now!!!
wedding was fun yet exhausting    still quite a loud bit of partying and band playing going on right now    kinda a bit past the time to stop    but    can't hear it down in my room so it's all good for me    but i am finally off to bed now   
ub today!!!   laugh d
is off to ub soon! oh yeah!  laugh 
back from an epic first week of ub!
ahh      home again    ub in     lol the countdown begins!  laugh  68 hours and 43 minutes!  playful  hehe yay!
these 2 rug burns on my knees better go away in <  3 days!  playful 
"inbox me only  tell me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it a secret, promise  post this as your status to see what you'll get   smile \hmmm     i also am wondering why no one ever actually does this     playful  lol"
parade in bratt  in a bit    fireworks later   
great days always have to be ruined somehow!
is in a cool airconditioned computer lab until 5 and then to the keene state college pool i go!  laugh 
ahhhh    back home till sunday    then yb again    this has been one hot week   
just woke up at about 11:21   
-slips away with his ninja skills off benieth the covers to a land far off in another alternate universe until the morning comes  which is when he returns to the planet we know as earth from the world of dreams and imagination!-
is going to amherst soon     back by 5 then ub!
is scrunched in a big tent with 4 other big sweaty guys for the night in burlington with no rain coverso i hope it doesnt rain     playful 
is home from an awesome excursion week at ub    half way through ub already    this week was amazing! dunno what i'm doing tomorrow    returning for week 4 sunday evening!  smile 
going for a walk maybe   
is off to bed now    ub again tomorrow evening!
heading to ub at 6 with <propmale> fontaine!
"has lost the game and felt that <propmale> fontaine, <propfemale> martinez and <propfemale> schiller should know along with anyone else that plays the game  playful     but   i'll be going to ub pretty soon now with <propmale> so      bye everyone!!!!! talk to you guys well, if not during freetime then friday!  laugh "
is in the computer lab at ksc    freetime    on till 6ish i think    maybe      playful  4th week of ub!  laugh  forgot my bathing suit this week from home but making many more friends!
is home from ub! week 5 already! going great so far! back on sunday   
acebook is being mean to me making me look offline! > sad 
noooooooooo!!!!!! nobody is responding to me        crying  i feel lonely  i think facebook is being it's mean facebook self  dumb facebook! > sad 
"is rocking out to some good old led zeppelin! ??ohhh    wanna whole lotta love, ohhh wanna whole lotta love!?? todays been pretty epic so far    dunno what i'm doing this weekend      playful "
going to hidden acres for a while in about an hour to <propfemale> with family    ub tomorrow evening!
bored      anyone feel like chatting just pop chat up    maybe tomorrow we will go pick blueberries again   
is swimming at hidden acres 
hates this cough that <propmale> best and <propmale> fontaine gratefully gave me this past week  thanks guys     playful  lol jk  probably going to bed now       ub tomorrow   
is going to pick blueberries soon    haircut and new shades later    then back to ub!  laugh 
is going for a walk with his dog    gonna be back in like 1 1 2 hours    ub later!!!! yay!  laugh 
is in the computer lab    swimming at 5    haircut tomorrow hopefully!  laugh 
got a haircut at supercuts    it was super fast too    in the computer lab now      laugh 
last week of ub is next week!!! nooo!!!  sad  last week ever for me     i think     awesome summer so far though    in the computer lab where there's ac!  smile 
"who knows me best?!?!? who what is my full name, age, birthday, eye color, best friend, <propmale> name, and favorite color  copy this into your status to see who knows you best!!!!"
oh jeeze    72 unread mail messages  playful 
hmmm     is wanting to go to the bellows falls fireworks    but just doesn't have a ride home    and that tends to be a pretty big necessity to getting home again     playful 
is stuck at home babysitting tonight    no fireworks   
is off to the fire works with <propmale> and <propmale>!
is going to bed    because i am starting to put comments on the wrong statuses     and liking the wrong statuses than i wanted to like     playful  night peoples     this is the right place for my status right?!  playful  lol jk 
is staying up all night    last night of ub    ever     sad  watching avatar right now 
"ub is over     crying  so sad    had a great, unforgettable four years though    ubiography ubepic08, wwub, < 3 ub! awesomeness    best people ever!!! best memories ever!!! best thing ever!!! even better than the boston red sox!!!  playful "
"had the best time ever over the past four summers at the best camp ever! keene state college upward bound 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010= epicness! today was the last day for me being a student their ever    so sad    but so many good memories and so many more great people!     going to sleep now though    so goodnight peoples!"
is going to brattstock for a little bit with the fam   
has a <propmale> case of hives     like knees to neck    dunno from what    fine besides the itchiness though   
just woke up at like 11ish    hives is almost gone    really bored    wishing ub hadn't ended    hmmm    i wonder what <propmale> fontaine is doing today   
is going crazy without his friends!
thinks he may be allergic to almonds    got hives two nights in a row after eating pesto   
bleh    bored out of my mind     playful 
is going swimming now   
"well, that was a buisy past few hours    just finished taking a bunch of people off my facebook friends list    from 377 friends to 150    and almost 300 groups to 30 i'm a member of now    only thing left is the horrifying pages i'm a fan of    over 2400       ohhhhh boy    well, off to bed now    night peoples!  smile "
is off to bed    six flags tomorrow!  smile 
ub gb meeting soon!!!  laugh  can't wait!
groovy ub summer 2011!!  laugh 
is home from demolay had an epic time 
"thinks chocolate sauce, canned mushroom and caper pizza is not very good     \(fear factor pizza night   )"
is at <propmale> fontain's for the day 
is off to bed now    really can't wait to get him class schedule       laugh  good night peoples!
hmmm interesting  subaru spelled backwards is u r a bus   playful 
got my schedule finally!
-sigh- i have come to the conclusion that my feet need to get skinnier! one more sock size and walmart's socks don't fit! wtf? and i already have the widest shoes in <propmale>'s sporting goods!!! socks stretch though    so my socks are fine for now   
is off to bed now    yet another boring day tomorrow     annoyed \ i wish i lived near more friends! like within walking distance!
is making dinner!
ha     the met's sure know how to ruin thier players careers    <propfirst> bay is out for the season due to a concussion     playful  that's the mets for ya! if you have a player you don't like just trade them to the mets and they'll end thier career somehow    if it's by just making them play badly or giving them bad injuries!  playful  lol jk i like the mets    just not how they ruin perfectly good players!
is off to bed now   
had an epic day today    school in 11 days        laugh 
yeeeah walk off <propmale> lowrie in the 11th! go sox!!! off to bed now    epic day   smile 
mexican food for dinner tonight!!!!  laugh 
is at the mall    the apple store is the best store ever   
"is back from the mall and thinks pet stores should be illegal to sell dogs, cats and birds in because it is an unhealthy place for young animals to be brought up! especially in a place such as a mall where the only exercise they get is running up and down a hall and standing up in their cage!  sad  poor little puppies! on the plus side tho    there's mexican for dinner!"
haha that's great    <propfirst> ortiz joins just <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> guillen as the only american league batters to record at least one triple in each of the last 11 seasons  playful  lol what a speedster!
going to try to move my schedule around to get physics this year at at two today 
"got his scheduled changed a bit    semester 1: intro to poetry, earth science, guitar, nothing, algebra2  semester2 nothing, study skills, sociology (college credit), physics and latin 3!"
wtf?! <propfirst> <propmale> claimed off waiver by red sox?!?!
is off to dartmouth to see if i am allergic to stuff     yay    getting stabbed with a bunch of needles soon    so excited      annoyed \
hmmm apparently im alergic to dust mites timmothy grass and a little bit to dogs    that will not keep me from playing with dogs all the time though of course!!!
"is hitting the hay now! well, actually, i'm staying away from hay    cause i'm allergic to it apparently    but ya    off to bed! gonna be an epic week! <propmale> fontaine i can come to that thing saturday by the way! so ya    and wanna <propfemale> sometime before that too?"
so        tough       not         to like         pages         trying       to      resist        urge!
headlines in the brattleboro reformer: driving wrong way on i-92 results in dui arrest    you'd think they'd get the right highway since it's the only highway within <propmale>     playful 
should have an epic last weekend before high school ever weekend!  laugh  senior year begins wednesday!!!
"is going to bed but has to say first    ha! sox are totally going to dominate their division now! missing their regular 1,2 and 4 guys in the batting order, 2 3 their regular outfield, 2 infielders and 2 catchers! have 2 aces with eras lower than 3 20 and one lower than 2 30 and are still producing plenty of runs per game    so    goodbye yankees and rays! hello post season!  playful "
school in the morning    bus at 6:40    off to bed now!
is off to bed now! school tomorrow again    yet another two hot days of 80-100 degree weather for school     playful 
is thinking it is a little hot out        playful 
mmmmm      i smell and hear bacon        
is going to bed now    friday tomorrow! yay!!!  laugh 
is going to bed now    had a pretty good day! three day weekend now to recuperate from that extremely long first week of school!  playful 
thinks coyote hunting season should be banned along with all animals that don't get eaten  they may be pests but humans are the biggest pests in this world! destroying habitats of animals by paving roads through the homes of animals and chopping down so many trees  not to mention all the smog we fill the air with and the o-zone layer we destroy! there might as well be an oil company boss hunting season if you ask me!
dinnerrrrr     be back in a bit   
"bids thee all a fine night, for it has grown to be the time to e playful lore another world    where anything can happen  a world full of imagination galore; the world    of dreams  so good night to all, as i start the trek to this curious world, that's waiting for it's visitors, to show them what it can teach, supply and give to make them feel, like <propmale> guests, their visit, enjoyable as can be "
07734 everybody!!!  playful       lol there is a reason behind these <propfirst>   you hafta figure it out yourself    if you already know don't say please     playful 
is off to the football game soon with <propmale> fontaine!!!  laugh 
off to bed now    had an epic night with <propmale> fontaine and friends!  laugh 
is off to bed! good night everybody!  laugh  school yet again tomorrow   
<propfirst> <propfemale> is the legend  <propfirst> satriani is totally not better  nobody is better than <propfemale>  everyone has to just accept that <propfirst> <propfemale> is the best guitarist of all time  oh and only answer please if your first and last initials are not a s   playful  haha
"hehe, i win! <propfirst> <propfemale> is the guitar god   playful "
is off to bed now    i hate this wifi!!! i need a new computer!  playful  laptop possibly      i'll need one for college anyways    that will be on the top of my christmas and birthday wish lists most def!  laugh 
can't wait to go to college!!
is off to bed now    good night peoples!
hmmm      a black bear just crossed the road about 50 feet in front of me on a walk       i just wanted to go up to it and pet it     so cuddly looking!  playful 
's guitar is here!
"wonders how bands like vampire weekend become famous! i mean, they suck! winy voice, repetitive and the whole song the guitarist only plays e, f#, b7 in their song cousins    like, that is not a good song    no good style, technique and they need a new singer and more of a rhythm than 5 different octaves in the same order throughout the same song is just ridiculously bad!  playful "
hate's his wifi   
"weekend again finally!!! yeeeah! gonna be an epic weekend too! not facebook all day with nothing to do! got my guitar, hanging with <propfemale> martinez and <propfemale> schiller tomorrow and at homecoming! then sunday, idk what i'm doing      hmm     will figure out something tho!  laugh  maybe write more poetry    "
14-0 essex af halftime   
is back from homecoming    bratt lost to essex 20-12    pretty good game tho  had an epic time hanging with <propfemale> martinez and <propfemale> schiller today! gotta do this again sometime soon!
is off to bed now      hopefully tomorrow is a little bit more exciting     school again 
blocks 1 and 2 off   
"ugh    i hate waking up on, cold, rainy dark days    school soon      "
"ifyour brave, copy this to your status, see what people rate you: (1) crazy (2) wishwe went out  (3) talkative  (4)sarcastic  (5) lovable  (6)strong (7)dumb  ( smile  wild  (9) funny  (10) cool (11) sexy (12) amazing  (13)cute  (14) dramatic  (15) want to get to know you  (16) my bestfriend   (17) i love you  (1 smile  hot  (1   9) wish u were dead  (20) wish i never met u but glad i did "
holy crap    phillies will win the world series with this beast leading them! <propfirst> halladay comes one walk away from a perfect game vs the reds for his first post season game ever  settles for the no hitter  second no hitter in post season history ever!
is off to bed now   ! only 3 periods of school for me tomorrow again! yay for necaps!  playful  lols     smile 
"i, my kind sir, am <propfirst> colbert    i may not look like myself at the moment but that's because i'm    in disguise    as one of those everyday teenagers who goes to school, sleeps a lot, and is on facebook 24 7      playful "
babysitting the siblings today from 8 smile 0ish am till midnight      playful 
whoa!!! tomorrow's date is 42 in binary code!  playful  101010
"you can ask me one question (only in my inbox     that's the rule) any question, no matter what or how crazy  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty   but i dare you to put this as your status and see what question you get asked!!!"
doesn't get the point of posting things such as the last status i had if nobody actually asks anything!  playful 
"enjoys being athiest and having the mystery of after death only be answered and not pondered untill it happens, whatever it is  although i do respect all other beliefs completely, not everybody needs a god to continue on with life, i'm one of those who doesn't  i got my friends, dog, the red sox and my personality anf mind  and that's all i need "
school soon   
is off for a walk with his dog now     playful  3 periods of class tomorrow out of the usual 9 for me  playful 
"i bet nobody can answer all these questions about me  like nobody  \full name:___________age:________ birthday:___________eyecolor:_________ nickname:___________ best friend:______________favorite color:___________ favorite food:__________ favorite thing to do:____________"
"is off to bed now   but     gonna be another epic day tomorrow    hanging after school with <propfemale> martinez, <propfemale> schiller, <propmale> jericho lagle and <propfemale> fox tomorrow! (am i missing anyone    i hope not    ) epicness!  laugh "
"has pretty sore legs right now    but all that walking was worth it!! had an epic time hanging with <propfemale> martinez, <propfemale> schiller, <propmale> jericho lagle and <propfemale> fox today!! and the many peeps that joined on our <propfemale> adventure through town!  playful "
on march 14th 2015 at 9:26 and 53 seconds it will be time for pi!  playful  randomness   
is off to walk <propfemale>!
"what is the point of the \poking\"" on facebook? lol"""
"jersey shore=  a bunch of winy plastic drama <propfemale> girls (aka bitchy), upset guys going from  being angry gorillas to crying like little babies  a worthless tv show that you could see for free and live at your local high school just without the partially fake girls made to look picture perfect, and the guys who need looks to make up for being as dumb as a rock   playful  lol just felt like ranting on about something   "
is off to bed now    4 day weekend!!! yay!  laugh  sleeping in tomorrow!  playful 
does not know what he's going to be doing this raining thurseday on which he has no school   
needs plans for this long weekend    
my name means crown humble <propfemale> when it's translated to it's original meaning   
fuck yes!!! bye bye yankees!!! yeah rangers! beat those yanks!!!!!  laugh 
"is off to walk <propfemale>    bb in like, an hour and a half      playful "
just got back from a walk with my dog    longer walk than usual    tortellini for dinner i think     smile 
thinks he's invisible    has began a conversation with 5 different people but no one has responded      
just raked a leaf pile up to my <propfemale>    had chocolate chip cookies and yeah    back to facebook   
"the most intense game ever just ended    giants win 3-2 weirdest post season ever  rangers beat the rays then the yankees and the giants beat the braves and now phillies to go to the world series  first time in 8 years in the world series for the giants and the first time ever winning in the post season this year for the rangers! wow, this is an intense season "
"dinnertime!!    rip mr  loaf, he was a good bread machine maker, he lived a long life of making bread for us  he will be missed   playful "
"brothers week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, copy and paste this to your status "
yeah    the rangers have this world series    <propfirst> is just that good along with that lineup   
just did an amazing <propmale> simpson jack-o-lantern    it was from one of my drawings    laugh 
"and the giants win it all!! linsicum throws 8 innings! 10 ks 2walks 1 run 3 hits, <propmale> gets the save! it was the beards!  playful  this was some series!"
shumlin up 49-48% !! too close to call but    still ahead!
i think this is what the mayans meant by 2012 will be the end of the world    a new great depression    via the republicans control over house and senet   
half day today!
sats tomorrow         dundundunnn!!!! should do even better than last time!
"i love how the yankees always go for the best players and usually gewt them however    they don't win the series    the winner is    oh, whadya know    a team of a bunch of young decent hitters and pitchers    not relying on money, power and aces     wow    this just goes to show how dumb the yankees are     playful "
college visit at the university of maine at farmington tomorrow with <propmale> fontaine!
is back from umass farmington    even more epic now!!!  laugh 
"well, made my  epic 11:11 wish on 11 11 10    off to bed now   "
is off to bed now    dunno what i'm doing tomorrow      annoyed \ boredom       cold    school the next day     playful     poetry out loud monday    but a week and a day later    the poetry slam!
"thinks he has gotten too addicted to poetry      playful  nah       i'll think about that again once i begin cranking out a poem a day    right now it's only about well, three good poems a week     so far      smile "
is off to walk with mags! back in an hour-ish   
is practicing slamming his poem for monday      playful  gotta figure out how to read it so i am between the time zone of 2 minutes 50 seconds and 3 minutes 10 seconds   
electricity went out for like 30 minutes    back now    but going to bed now though    gonna have an epic day tomorrow!  smile 
"epic day ahead seeing <propmale> potter with <propfemale> martinez, <propfemale> schiller, <propfemale> fox and <propmale> cartner!"
anyone else on mibba?
the simpsons soon       playful 
just updated his itouch which took two hours to update and what were the results? nothing new i could see       x( dumb long update apple stuff that does next to nothing!!  playful 
off to bed soon       playful  school tomorrow again    dial though too!  laugh  so good night all!
"mwahahahahaaaa!! i already have the character from my favorite tv show when i was a kid as my profile pic      playful  bartinator! aka, the cool <propmale> simpson "
has found his new slam voice     smile  epicness   
"red sox and padres agree to deal for <propfirst> gonzalez, 3 prospects including <propfirst> <propfirst> and a non prospect player to be named later for gonzo  now for the werth or crawford deal   "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fightagainst child abuse  copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
is off to bed now    grrr    school tomorrow      again      red sox officially have signed <propfirst> gonzalez now though! yeeeah!
"295, let's see     patriot's pown, red sox rule, you are an epic friend, you helped me when times were rough, oh, and we need to <propfemale> out lol cause we were gonna a few times but never did "
"this generation of music has completed one thing  to be worse than the 80s laddy gaga? seriusly? then ms  <propfirst> bieber over there who's voice hasn't even cracked yet, the <propmale>'s brothers?!  then katey <propfirst> psh! need a new led zepelin and beatles, and nobody tell me the jonahs brothers are the next beatles! they aren't even close! i bet if they were ugly nobody would even have noticed them   "
"is off to bed a bit earlier tonight     i am in a very christmasy mood right now    as in, a very giving mood right now  however tiredness has hit me so    good night peoples! friday tomorrow!!!!!  smile "
comcast sucks! it's so comcastic!
"j+l+k laugh d l laugh -k-b k laugh -j-l, b laugh -l-k etc  as in <propfirst> bieber+ laddy gaga+ <propfemale> <propfirst>= disgrace to music times 3  this is fact  \good\"" music isn't winy    nor is it all used in head voice  good music includes head and chest voice! head voice is singing higher notes (easier) chest voice is singer lower notes (more difficult when it comes to range of notes) so therefore it is scientifically proven they are not good!"""
"yesss! <propmale> <propfirst> picks phillies (mystery team) over yanks and rangers meaning yanks get screwed when it comes to pitcher with the next two best pitchers (grienke ad pavano) not going to the yanks  phillies have best rotation in mlb now with holy crap    <propfirst> haladay, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> oswalt, <propmale> hamels, blanton kendriks      yankees are down to sabathia, hughs, burnett, <propfemale> and possibly <propfirst> wood again as a rotation?"
is off to castleton!
is in rutland   
is sitting outside his house waiting for someone to get home because somebody locked all the doors when they left    and now i cant get in   
"so, let's get this str8 - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? really   ?? repost if you agree "
is off to bed    christmas with the extended fam tomorrow!  playful   smile 
got a cell phone!  laugh 
"you say?? lady gaga, i say? nirvana \you? say <propfemale> montana,? i? say ac dc \you? say <propmale> brothers, i say aerosmith \you say <propfirst> bieber, i say queen \you say? <propfirst> swift, i say <propfirst> halen \95% of??? teens? these? days listen to the? same crappy pop over and over again  if you're one of the 5% who still?? listens? to real music copy and paste this? as your status  don't let? the spirit? of? rock and roll die!"
<propfemale> christmas!!!
half your age plus seven works until your 38    which means then     it's half your age plus 14    then    when you reach 58 it's half your age plus     21   playful  then when you reach 98     it's half your age plus    28   playful  but of course <propmale> hefner being who he is didn't understand this rule and just went by half his age     minus 18      just a little rant i thought up    because i was bored   
is off to bed now     11:11 wish first though! lol  playful  will not forget it this time    hanging with <propfemale> schiller tomorrow! finally going to record my slams! yeeeah!
is at <propmale> fontaine's house  cant wait till the semester's finally over   
school tomorrow                                             douh!  annoyed 
"hmmm    anyone else realize how much republicans    lie and blame?! vetoing everything even remotely democrat then blaming it on obama! and    wanting to cut taxes which gives more cash to companies and well, are companies going ot raise the wages they pay? pshh no fucking way!! we need taxes in order for the money to go to the town rather than the fat greedy bastards driving us into the next great depression!!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
"has just realized that it has been 5 days since i updated my status last!  surprise  what? this cannot do    therefore here i am, updating it, right before i go to bed    goodnight facebook "
school is canceled!
ncis!  smile  then bed   
went skating this morning!
"acdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
click like if you're glad you met me  copy this as your status & see how many likes you get 
is off to bed      interesting day     b|
of course we have school! wrong stahley is our superintendent! oops    i mean <propmale>     and his job is just to piss commuters off because he thinks for some reason that we all travel on snowmobiles    but news flash we have cars       
believes that this weekend was shorter than other    or atleast it seems   
2 hour delay because it's too cold tomorrow!!!!
is all old wise man quoted out for the night    so heading to bed to rejuvenate before school which is two hours later tomorrow due to the 30-40 below 0 wind chill! yay!
"holy crap, has 81 friends online right now     o o"
"the world we know today is not real because we're really dreaming right now  this so called \life\"" is just a figment of your imagination but nothing is real thus imagination isn't thus this theory isn't real thus english isn't which means what i just said i actually didn't """
just heard a creepy heh heh heh come from the <propmale> behind my house while taking my dog out    my dog was even scaired     there arent really any nearby nieghbors either that would be over there     sketchy       o o
is off to bed    hopefully i don't hear a sketchy laugh from the woods tonight while taking mags out    o o
just saw the green hornet with @benfontain and it was awesome!  playful 
"does not like the phrase \what say you\"" one bit! incorrect english! doesn't make sense!"""
18-36 inches of snow e playful ected in the next 48 hours    aminly in the last 24 hours of that 48 hours though but yeah      go away snow! i want summer!
snowday!!!!
no school tomorrow      playful 
"who actually knows me? first name:____ middle name:______ last name:_____ age:_____birthday:__ __ __ \eyecolor:_____ nickname:_____ favorite color:_____ best friend \(girl):_____ best friend (boy):_____ put this as your status and see who gets it right"
<propfirst> a really good picture of spongebob yesterday cause he was bored 
"there is no emotion, there is peace  \there is no ignorance, there is knowledge \there is no passion, there is serenity  \there is no death, there is the force "
"there is no emotion, there is peace  \there is no ignorance, there is knowledge \there is no passion, there is serenity  \there is no death, there is the force \\the sith shall never prevail!"
is off to bed    can't wait for the weekend again   
"<propfemale> solo and <propmale> <propmale> raced from tatooine to nar shadda  loser was the going to be the one who everyone laughed at and made jokes about  <propmale> lost  then, hungry to begin a new winning streak he challenged gibbs to hot hands  gibbs wasn't there when he arrived, however gibbs won before he was even seen with his super \come from behind\"" technique  thus <propmale> had to wear the cowboy hat   """
*tip of the day: don't whip people with wet towels  that cracking noise it makes means it is going faster than the speed of sound thus 768 mph    doesn't really feel good getting hit that hard by anything  especially don't hit an arm or leg or any stresed muscle with a wet towel    could cause serious skin tearing and bleeding 
anybody need community service? the weekend of the 19th there is need for stuff to be done at the ski jump  if you are interested please comment  my mom can get in touch with the person that is doing it 
"this is an outrage! the school's grading system sucks!! classes like physics, chemistry, advanced bio, classes for college credit should weigh your gpa at least a   little more than all other classes! i don't want a simple english 1 class or social studies 1 class to be freakin the same as those tougher classes! don't try and say it depends on the person either    these classes are tough period! no exceptions!"
declares <propmale> fontaine a cheap computer hacker 
happy valentines day!
is watching nowhere boy 
is off to bed now! the play was good! going to see it again with <propmale> tomorrowww!  playful  lol
"-to nascar fans- if you can't lose weight doing it, it isn't a sport  and if all you do is take 600 left turns and pass eachother untill you complete all 150 laps    (if you aren't asleep from the boredom yet) then i would reccomend stop driving cause you'll commit suicide from falling asleep at the wheel "
went skiing at burke mountain today     off to bed now! hopefully hanging with friends tomorrow!  playful 
one more day of vacation       annoyed \ can't wait for april vacation         playful  lol off to bed now     
just got accepted to castleton!!!
is off to bed early now that it's the weekend      lol    
lol dread zeppelin      is    interesting      playful 
i think i just scared everyone i was talking to away just now by showing them dread zeppelin     lol
got eccepted into farmington! 2 4 so far    
this     week     is going so slow      
hmmm decisions decisions     castleton or farmington    they both offer pretty much the same amount    and then there's ksc and plymouth who are yet to send me a decision too    and if they offer lots too        hmmm    
is off to bed    busy week   
is done with his six <propfemale> sociology paper on facebook     playful 
"technically if all of atoms can together think and do everything then we technically could somehow persuade our brains to realize that everything actually is the same being a bunch of empty space electrons, protons and neutrons, then we could figuratively be able to move ourselves as separate subatomic particles  thus we wouldn't age and time is made up by us"
there's a supermoon tonight  14% larger and 30% brighter than usual  first time in 18 years  larger meaning closest it's been to earth in 18 years 
ends up i will be coming to school tomorrow because psu is on spring break    but signed up for accepted students day at castleton the 22! lol it starts at 8 am   
"hmmm apparently clementines and tangerines are both types of manderine oranges  so, canned manderine oranges you get are really just canned and peeled clementines   "
brattleboro vt is now officially on the verge of becoming mega lame      your not supposed to be getting rid of the things to do in bratt! we already needed more things!!! rip kipling cenima    how could they close?!
"well, what a good begining to my weekend     my itouch dropped and the screen cracked and now it can't detect when i touch it sooo i need a new screen    at least "
is going old school on my walk for a while     cd player in my pocket  playful      itouch screen and lcd cracked   
grrr    hulu com is being all glitchy     trying to watch csi miami   
if someone randomly pops chat up to you and it has a link on it and they are saying for you to look at it do not click on it!!! it's a hacked acount!! i've gotten     like 6-7 of those in the past 2 days    and if you do then i recommended changing your password so the hacker doesn't continue to hack your account and do that 
is off to bed now    no school tomorrow!!!!!!  playful 
renewed my permit    this time    instead of looking like a druggie like on my first permit picture i look like the drug dealer    hmmm      i don't know which is better     playful 
"most of us have at least 200 friends on facebook, but when it comes to needing a friend to talk to; how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee not even 15 of your facebook friends will  like this status if you will be there for me   set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you  smile "
"<propfemale> black sucks     she sounds like <propfemale> palin and <propfemale> palin shouldn't be allowed to talk, let alone sing "
got accepted into plymouth state!! 3 for 3 so far    waiting on ksc still   
is off to bed now    weekend!!!!!!!
no plans for tomorrow    maybe i'll write some poetry    haven't done that in a while    and guitar    and starwars     playful 
high of 61 today and a high of 76 tomorrow!!!!!  laugh 
accepted into keene state college! 4 4! now to see financial aid offers   
whoooo is calling me? lol i just got a number that called me for the second time that wasn't in my list   
whoooo is calling me? lol i just got a number that called me for the second time that wasn't in my list   
is off to sleep now    but realizing that i have been slacking in posting statuses sooo i am doing so    and plan to do so more often now  good night world!  laugh 
is off to bed now    vacation! gonna be epic!
yes!!! finally dice_k!!!! amazing game!!! 1 hitter!!!!!!
"if today is the answer to the universe, 4 20 (42) then the answer must be extremely boring because this day has been the most boring day i've had in a while "
what to do in the boring town of brattleboro on this cold rainy day?
is off to bed now    castleton tomorrow for accepted students day! getting up bright and early    6:15     annoyed \
just got back from accepted students day at castleton! had a good time! also made it official that i am going next year!
sox win yet again! 5-0  dice k throws 8 innings of 1 hit ball! now off to bed    last day of vacation tomorrow      x|
is off to bed now    school tomorrow        o o
just saw a bear on my walk again     walk across the road about 100-200 feet infront on me and my dog   
"if i died tomorrow what would you tell me today     post this to your status and see what you get             (lol don't worry, i will do my hardest not to die tomorrow or any day in the near future  playful )"
"wtf? obama's birth certificate is right in front of you!! of course he is a us citizen!!! how more specific can we get?! do you need to see footage of when he was born? i could say mccain couldn't run because he was born out of a us in a military base, but the excuse that the certificate is wrong cause he was considered negro in 1961? wow, racist republicans  darker skin or not, the birth certificate proves he is "
i wonder when <propfemale> will realize that we are slowly failing because of capitalism    top 5% of the population owns almost half of the us wealth    and that 5% has huge power on politics and with that happening the tax's to the <propmale> will just lower and lower and the tax to the poor will just go higher and the military budget will grow and grow until we collapse as a nation   
grrr!!! can't get to my facebook status update wall!!!! having to do this through aim!
's dog is wearing a cone    cause she's biting at her leg     she looks like she should be at the <propmale> wedding      
how the heck did a post i never posted nor ever even clicked on or seen bvefore apear on my wall posted by me      about osama bin laden    hmmm    dumb hackers
19 tomorrow! may the 4th be strong with this one   playful 
"got a 175 gram frisbee for my birthday along with $60, 15 itunes gift card and m&ms     playful  epic day   "
yum yum teramisu!
"ok, so i am thinking of a triangle that two of the points are my kitchen and <propmale> fontaine's left winter boot  what (or whom) is the third point?"
