20e0cce188ea22ceb2bb632594b8fbc0
"going to maine for a week, txt, (860) 309-4934"
fml i have a hole in my cars radiator!
found somethin to fix my radiator!
"back from a bbq, locked my keys in my car haha, coathanger ftw"
loves lexi with all my heart  love 33 forever&always baby
couldn't be happier right now  love 
new phone txt (860) 456 6691
fml i'm sick of this shit
mayhem fest was the shit
work till 10 tomorrow fml
fuck yo couch!
wwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggghhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
waaagh! nuff said
"home, pissed, bored, random  a little high too "
tired! fuck kmart dont wanna go to work wanna sleep for 2 days straight
"bored, txt (860) 459-6691 or aim randomknife162"
k
booooooooorrrrrreeeeedddddd
so bored i shaved my head
finnaly got my computer running again haha
needs a gf  laugh 
needs a gf  laugh 
sooooooo hungry!!!!
"<propfemale> invasion 2 ftw, just beat it  laugh "
sooooooooo bored need something to do txt 860 459-691
bullshit call but i knew it =p mashida ftw
bored!
wewt finnaly 18
"anyone wanna chill, text 459-6691"
"decent b-day, kinda boring though"
bored
"all nighter, txt"
i r bored
"you need to slit your wrists, get pissed and go jump off a bridge =p"
"so! everyone that misses <propmale> criss needs to message me, i'm driving down to nc to get him and bring him back but i need gas money, like a lot of it  anything is better than nothing so pitch in if you can"
"twilight: new <propfemale>, worst movie ever"
why am i still awake?!?!?!?!?
fuck working 9 hrs on black friday
gotta work 9 fucking hrs  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone
"really bored, anyone wanna chill?"
finnally not sick anymore! fucking white lighter tried to kill me for the past week 
why does no one have any common sense put 2+2 together people! omfg
"so fucking pissed, i'm gonna fucking kill someone"
i am one with the grass!
unicorns are real! they're big and grey and we call them rhinos!
"so long story short, bullshit happened and i got delayed for shipment"
"i'm now out of the navy, no car, no job, and no money for those of you that don't know yet  laugh "
im so fucking bored
someone save me from my house  laugh 
whats the point  no matter what i try it fucks me over in the end  now i really did loose everything  so sick of this bullshit 
"waaaagh! yep, waaagh"
"i need to find a ride downtown, like now, someone? please, need a ride, got gas money"
"waaagh! yep, waaagh "
omfg i'm so fucking bored i'm debating walking home  that's a far fucking walk  i need foddz and a god damn real cig 
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me randomknife
holy shit i attacked benji and won!!
i beat the high score on super monkey bloons!!!
http annoyed  www drekly com signup php?referral=49803 sign up for <propmale>'s refferals!!!! he needs more if he's gonna win a free xbox!!!!!
"i'm so fucking bored, why does this town have absolutely nothing to do  i need to get the fuck out of this state "
"chillen on a comfy couch, listenin to owl city, life is awesome "
rant rant rant rant chicken! rawr   win
" bored, listening to bullets new album (amazing btw), food ftw! bbs"
"k so still up and don't plan on going to bed anytime soon, this might not end very well "
"home, for some reason depressed and can't figure out why, i think i just need a few days alone with my thoughts "
playin xbox listenin to owl city life is awesome 
"k so who would win, <propmale>, kratos, or <propmale> of persia?"
"just got back from an amazing fucking day, hopefully same thing tomorrow  text "
fuck sleep
i'm sooo bored!
drug test for work tomorrow  fml
i'm so insanely bored right now
gettin a new car later today or thursday!
i'm sooooo bored someone entertain me
can't fucking sleep just got out of work 
"had an amazing day yesterday, all it took was one thing and it ruined my entire year      heart-broken "
fucking hate being sick
"for every sprinkle i find, i shall kill you!"
"soooo bored, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
"gonna go drive around, text if anyone wants to chill "
i'm so fucking bored
"fucking pissed, brake line in my car is leaking so i can't go anywhere  killself"
frying pan antidote  it saves lives 
"i'm sooooooo bored, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
"so my parents just went to florida, i love how no one tells me these things  laugh "
getting my car fixed! so happy 
i'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fucking bored
someone save me from boredom!
"this is <propfemale> we dont do the right thing wrong, we do the wrong thing until it turns out right "
fucking pissed off my car still isnt fucking fixed 
someone make me not bored 
"omg, so fucking bored all night someone text me if they wanna chill "
anyone wanna chill?
"truely truely bored\dont care wtf it is i need to find something to do"
i'm so bored anyone wanna chill?
i'm so fucking bored someone chill wit me 
anything happening tonight?
finnaly got my apartment lol
finnally got my apartment! lol
supersonicacrobaticrocketpoweredbattlecars
"to every chick thats ever said all i want is a nice guy who will treat you well, fuck you thats complete bullshit and i swwear to god if i heart tgat shit one more tinme ima flip out seruioiusly its a lie fuck yoyu"
"so bored, fuck sleeping "
stuff  >>
someone should definetly come over tomorrow when i wake up and make me a sammich  laugh 
seriously i have everything already at my house i need someone to make me a sammich tomorrow
