9d343477658ac8940bb284064feed24e
celebrating the new decade
is numb? or is it dead weight?
is in need of something new
"has texting now, blargh"
eh?
why does everyone talk late at night?
cali on saturday!
is gonna fuck you over forwards and backwards
has slept well  laugh 
cali tomorrow!
is still finding sand in his ears   
"canoeing with my brother on friday saturday, hopefully *fingers crossed*"
is back from canoeing  burnt  and tired
kansas sucks
~so lie to me and tell me that its gonna be alright~
can only hope 
leaves for rolla at like 6 am on saturday
doesn;t know why but this music makes him feel so good 
"can't text right now, his phone is away lol "
is having a blast with cengage!         -__-
really wants you to join him on mafia wars    
"still can't text yet, sim card is away  sad "
can't figure out how to find distance between 2 skew lines with parametric equations   jeez what do ppl e playful ect of me?
missed his appointment  sorry
one last question 
just saw the most amazing pair of converse shoes  period
hopes they are generous with partial credit 
pandora!
needs you to be his escape   
needs a laptop to go places
wants to watch <propfirst> darko
is tired
toga party was amazing
 annoyed  physics test     wish me luck
knows one way to get a song out of your head http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=an5ybffszli
"\the part can never be well unless the whole is well \"" -plato"""
is scratching his head     cengage number 9 any help? i got 49   
fuck yea!! got it fuck you cengage!!!! woot 100 pct!!
"gets to sleep now, fun fun "
doing intricate and mind puzzling homework 
oops
is on cloud nine after an amazing nighte;  can bearing feal the keys right now as i am typing!!!!
lol
has a calc iii test today  annoyed 
has taken an une playful ected trip home for the weekend 
has one test and one quiz left this week  oh my 
wants to type in caps!!! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! idk why!!!
is going to <propmale> city this weekend 
thinks that planet earth turns slowly   
is dressing as dr  house lawls  
had a blast this weekend 
    it is friday  enough said 
can't do anything 
is quite confused right now  but is extremely glad that everything is good so far  laugh   strange isn't it?
is going home tomorrow 
i'm the mother flippin 
just found out his birthday is in 30 days  woah thats crazy
hmmm try for 102 pct on final? or settle for a 52 pct?
yeah    did <propmale> tell you that perchance??
"i wanna be there for you, someone you can come to \i wanna be there for you "
had a great birthday  thanks guys 
"was just introduced to his new class, by the teacher, as \i can guarantee that this will be the hardest class you have taken so far in your entire life \"""""
    excuse me for staring       again 
"says \enjoy the great <propfemale> day \"""""
is gonna enjoy this weekend 
"the bartender says to the horse, why the long face? - <propfirst>"
there is nothing that makes me happier than reading fmls 
so   
wants you to give him the name of a movie he should watch right now 
needs an interesting book that is long and thought provoking 
has a stuffed nose  why??? i don't want this 
's thursdays are starting to feel like fridays   laugh 
is a goofball 
goes home in 8 days  lol can't wait
goes home in 6 days! these are going to be some of the longest days   
's last class on friday is from 9 surprise 0-9:50 am  its gonna be great!
has a twin brother named <propmale> <propfirst> winkle!
is going home tomorrow at 11 am  4 hour drives suck   
is back in town  time to relax 
is back in rolla  class tomorrow at 8 am 
"has had his eyes opened, slowly, without even knowing what was happening  he believes this to be a great thing "
http annoyed  www failgif com 2010 04 mascot-gets-chick html
<propmale> <propfirst> winkle brings out the worst of me   
has 2 weeks left of school  oh my so much to do 
won the phase 10 battle last night  first time i played it 
has 2 weeks of school left  6 tests thats over 700 points for 4 classes 
will be home on friday!
will be home within 24 hours!
is back at home!
wants the rain to go away   
    litterly = literally   
was tipped $61 dollars over a span of 4 and half hours tonight  i like this 
wants icecream 
   dream a little dream 
"is waiting for \the last airbender\"" on july first  hope it's good """
is a jerk 
is slipping back into the groove  here we go again 
will be amazing  period 
finally has internet 
you feel that? its bliss     laugh 
"if you wake up at a different time, in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?"
"arghh, tease me gently "
hates those man-killers (square hay bales) 
why?
"left the charger for his phone at home    four hours away  so yea, imma try to get one tommorrow "
listening to e by drunkenmunky     ahhh feels so good  laugh  
had an amazing weekend  time to make an amazing week  lol
"has a great feeling about this week, somehow happiness is overwhelming the tests and all the homework  wtf! hhahahaha"
thermo homework = almost done  pchem hasn't been started yet  still feeling good 
this better be the calm before the shitstorm or i will not be happy 
organic test was fairly easy  time for more important matters   sleep 
back to life    
the easy button isn't working   argh
and i just compared a dead cat to your girlfriend who died of cancer  lol
another <propmale>  please 
wilfilly turning aside from the truth is treason to one's self 
30 days to figure everything out before i hit the reset button  woot the countdown begins!
has it figured out now   laugh 
is devious    
thinks it is time to have some fun  laugh  
"we make judgements about ourselves early on  in this way, other people often have a truer picture of us "
's circle of school has started over  repeating cycles are boring 
wilfilly turning aside from the truth is treason to one's self 
"there are people that are around for your entire life, and others that only make an appearance  which one are you?"
"is grateful to have been introduced to all time low, its awesome "
 laugh      simply  smile  
kahlan! where are you?!
has a <propfemale> laced with red closing its wings around him 
finished his thermo ii homework  time to relax for a few hours 
life is the gift each of has been given  each life is our own and no one else's  it is precious beyond all counting  it is the greatest value we can have  <propfemale> it for what it truly is  - from the book series that has affected me the most (the sword of truth) 
thank you catie mohrmann for that amazing cookie recipe!
is better than ever 
"    whoa, what happened??"
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, arch, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, zach, o o so many names   "
"oxymercuration demurcuration hydroboration oxidation radicals epoxides chirality elctrophiles ugh, too much organic "
two days and then it is worry free awesomeness for 3 weeks  time is slooooooowing down   
"started a download at 12 smile 0 (396mb) e playful ecting it to be finished when he woke up, he woke up at 6 smile 0 and it said it had 4 more hours to go     he checked his kbs, it was at 10 3 kb s "
left his phone charger in rolla   seriously??
"just because it is not what you believe, does not make it wrong "
"is sad, so so sad  sorry <propmale> <propfirst> mulford  "
dream a little dream of me  wink 
"wants you to ignite, it feels great "
