a1d091c7529d4befb900ac34510eac45
okay- i've caved- i've got a facebook   sheesh 
spending time with my family  playin in the dirt  yay! lol 
hangin with my family and my son  today was his first field day  he kicked ass!!
whoah- this facebook thing is cool   and free! and i can find all the cool people i lost contact with!! except   what happened to my day?
okay- plans fell through  what's goin on tonight? i've been all excited to go out   
gonna miss ya shriek  congrats on gettin outta this shithouse before us  i'll assume the afterparty for the damned will be in the circle of hell made just for you while you were here  see ya there- crazy zombie beehatch   sad 
"thanks to p!mp, bje, outbreak crew and all those who helped make the party last night at primerdome such a raging sucess  epic  you all rock socks!"
"consolidating my life  closed the clinic- pulled my sound system out of primerdome- stopped teaching- for a while it's just me, my books, my  <propmale> and my family  it's only a matter of time before i get out of managing that stupid frigging house  then- freedom!! it won't be long before i'm caught right back up though- opening a custom bike shop with some friends real soon    stay tuned   "
"tuesday night- sinsations, 753 <propfemale> <propfemale>  memorial anniversary of <propfirst> b  bring a donation  great place, great music- celebrating the life of a great guy  see you there!!"
"sugarhouse tonight baby!! hit me up for guest list, details, bottle service   \(yay fetish   )"
fun in the sun with the son on his 6th  i had to fill this damn thing with a bucket from the sink   any other parents out there wanna coordinate on some play dates?
"my woman cheated, i broke up with her monday, went out to take my mind off it- & got jumped by 6 little \gangsters\"" that night   took 3 out before they finally got me with something real hard to the back of the head   must've laid into me after that   i'm alright but i look like hell   layin low for the week while i heal   send me healing vibes  visit if you'd like- i could use a friend or a hug """
"anybody got a spare mixer for sale, or that i can at least borrow for a few? the chumps at primerdome fried mine and if i can't spin i'll lose my friggin mind   please!!!"
"been a minute since i've said anything- so annoyed i'm great, recently started training in kun tao silat along with my standard practices  got another snake, that's 3 now; spending a lot of time with my son and developing things with an amazing woman  gonna start up a new womens self defense class soon  anyone interested? great exercise, practial techniques, and cheap    \let me know! \namaste!"
happy birthday to me!!
"vampires ball at the sugarhouse tonight! come see all the best- <propmale>, kaya, kasia- the list goes on  time to get your blood-suckin' booty groove on  see ya there!"
"i've developed a strange kind of obsessive insomnia- where all i want to do is read  it used to make me tired- but now   ?  and the funny thing- i rarely read fiction   information binge? odd- but informative!  smile  i suppose being inspired is good- but sleep is too, dammit! \i blame my new girl  she's a tantric crackrock  even in her sleep she radiates transcendental <propfemale>  i suppose it could be worse   "
"was gonna try to make it to impact tonight with my girl, but alas, our ride has failed us  if there's anyone out there goin still that hasn't left yet & could chauffeur our cute little derrieres please let us know  they are itchin to shake to dubstep, not unlike yours, i'm sure   you scratch ours and we'll scratch yours! wiki-wiki-whomp!  smile "
"the more responsibility i acquire, the more humble i become  i am gifted by your servitude, \cherish \"" i will command you well", and i am proud to be your lord  in the midst of our darkest desires i have found the light of freedom  we share a sacred dance of power and surrender that i hope never ends     \a1d091c7529d4befb900ac34510eac45,"please tell me this is not a dream, screaming from my soul i'm teeming with this <propfemale> supreme  leaving incandescent gleaming in my wake it's so serene, feeling synergistic meaning, are you feeling what i see?"
holy shit i'm up before noon!  time te get some java and hit the decks  god- life can be so hard sometimes   
trance heart in dubby waters  i feel you all  i feel too much    namaste 
"this eclipse is amazing  alone on my rooftop, glass of wine    hard to beat this "
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's nieces week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\\luv my little evey <propfemale>!! the only little girl we got!! (lots of responsibility there  lol  gotta represent!)  luv ya too kimmie "
