20efa303a8b78d7d58d2ee3b9ef6d479
"has got a nasty summer cold  still, her spirits are high "
wonders when she'll be able to find time to write 
"now is the proud owner of a parakeet (as if her family needed any more pets! ha ha!) he is very cute, though  and she loves him "
can hardly believe that it's almost the fourth of july!
has braces again   yey 
"misses someone terribly, and thinks about them every day "
thinks her dog might have pink eye 
has had her fears confirmed: her dog does have pink eye 
has started packing to go back to school! bring on that sophmore year!
"is fairly certain that, given a cape and a nice <propfemale>, she'd make a pretty intimidating superhero "
"loves green-blooded, pointy-eared hobgoblins! thus, she is (unabashedly) a geek!"
is ready for those good times up ahead!
did not humiliate herself at her choir audition!
loves writing!
is saying goodbye to <propmale> 
"is saying hello to psychology! guten tag, herr freud!"
is pumped for rugby!
"wonders how she can most effectively continue <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s story  she knows what she wants to do next, but the scene itself is not coming to her   "
is writing music!!!!
loves the new poem she wrote!
thinks that relationships are messy  why do we have them again? oh   yeah: because they're awesome 
thinks that all the choirs did an amazing job yesterday! wow!
hopes that she'll have time to do all the homework that her professors gave her!
"is stalling on writting her life in the universe paper, starting her psychology paper, and was advised by her creative writing professor to choose a new topic for her story  urgs  i shall overcome!!!!"
felt as though she was fairly productive today!
wonders why other people insult her opinions and beliefs when she tries so hard to respect theirs 
is just about done with her term paper  thank goodness!
wishes riskyfish a happy birthday!
"is exhausted from the two christmas concerts, but it's a good exhaustion "
is urging christmas break to come faster 
loves her new breaking <propmale> cd! thank you <propfemale> and steph!
feels like she aced her philosophy final!
"wishes that she had more time to spend with <propfemale> mccowen before she goes off to florida  have a good time, my friend! you'll do well!"
is excited for the classes she has next semester 
"can't split herself into two, and feels distinctly depressed about it "
seems to have some time to herself! she didn't even know that was possible while at concordia!
is feelin' good 
is going home this weekend!
just found out that she'll be going to the breaking <propmale> concert at the fargodome in may!
found out that the aformentioned concert also has shinedown! woot!
had an amazing time in athens!
is darn glad she isn't a music <propmale>  *shudder*
"had an amazing time at the bon jovi concert! thank you, miss <propfemale>!"
": \alright! let's get out there in the sand and dirt and water! this is gonna be great!\"""""
is so excited that she got to meet colum mccann! woot!
"it's sister week! if you have one sister, or more, who makes your life interesting, upbeat, memorable, chummy, crazy, emotional, wacky and fun, is a blessing in your life, and generally makes life worth living just by being around, copy and paste this to your status! (<propfemale> wurtz, you're one awesome lady!)"
": \it's that time of year again! that wonderful time of year--where the contents of your cranium is pouring out your ears!\"""""
": \wow   my life   \"""""
is making some serious progress on her nonfiction essay! she's feeling very productive!
is trying to regain control of her emotions 
saw a pair of blue winged teals while riding titan today! they were so adorable!
says thanks to all the soldiers who gave their lives in service to this country 
"went searching on horseback for her missing dog, only to return home to find that he'd already come back "
has a new pair of glasses 
"finished reading \i am legend\"" the other day """
"watched a 1960's russian cartoon version of the little mermaid, and thought of a friend of hers over seas "
is picking raspberries 
's horse went bucking bronko on her boney butt 
"feels loved! thanks everyone, i had a wonderful birthday!"
"is having her poem \i am a body without organs\"" published in <propmale> magazine!"""
has contacts!
made her new kitten purr for the first time today! that kitten has a moter on it!
's kitten is actually a girl 
"has much angst  she already misses the friends she will be leaving behind when she goes to school  however, she has much joy in the fact that she will be seeing her friends from concordia "
is back at concordia!
wohooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
's jaw surgery went well! yey!
has a cold 
is at concordia again  she's happy 
is off her pain meds and going through withdrawl symptoms  this time tomorrow she will probably feel normal again 
has done her part in preserving the equilibrium of the universe for the day  she does not have her license 
": \i   am in control   of my emotions \"""""
"is a hindi bride  no, really, she is "
is going to england!
is going to disturbed tonight!
"still can't get over the fact that, during indestructable, disturbed had a series of warriors throughout history on the big screen   including <propfirst> the great "
had a nightmarish shift today at work 
hates the re-writing process of working on a story   
loves the its center  they saved her baby 
is the pixie of rock!
misses her riskyfish 
: fml
is floating on cloud nine right now!
england here i come!
is having a wonderful time over her in jolly old england!
got to see an <propfirst> wilde play in london yesterday! what a wonderful way to end the trip!
homeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkreadinghomeworkhomeworkhomeworkwritinghomeworkhomework
had a fun time volunteering at the powwow!
\i'm sick of the things i do when i'm nervous\,20efa303a8b7 laugh 7d5 laugh 2ee3b9ef6d479,happy ash wednesday!
: my snails have given birth! now i have about a hundred bouncing baby spots ranging all over my fish tank!
gre? what? crud   
is ready to conduct her psych e playful eriment! all shall fear and tremble!
group projects: never before have i worked so hard to communicate so little 
: snails are pregnant again!  there's this spidery-like egg sack on the side of her fish tank 
: what a terrible day 
had a great time sandbagging today!
": the second batch of baby snails has hatched, and already a third egg-sack has been laid! whatever shall i do?!?"
"happy easter, everyone!"
just handed over her research methods paper   sweet heaven above defend me   
finished her last final!  she thinks it went really well 
: says congratulations to everyone who wore a cap and gown yesterday!
"thinks hades, her betta, may be sick   he's not acting like his usual active self   and he coughed up the food she tried to feed him "
": so the oral surgery is over   i'm alive, as of yet   sorer, but happier for it "
rushdie can do no wrong!!!!
"is at work, on break! long live the library!"
"is writing a poem about <propfirst> the great   it's official, she's obsessed "
": happy father's day, everyone! go out and hug your daddy!"
": thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone! i had a wonderful day, turning 21! many hugs!"
took a solo drive in her mom's new jeep! today is a good day   smile 
is head over heels in love with her new car! yey! she thinks she'll call her <propfemale> 
"can hardly believe that the new semester is closing in already  and senior year, at that!"
: men  life was so much easier back when they ignored me 
is emotionally scarred that she's not emotionally scarred after what she heard last night   
*tackles <propfemale> delaney with hugs*  i knew you had it in you!
"egypt of austria  huh  that's a difficult decision   i wish my parents were more open to the former  cause that's kind of first choice   but still, maybe i can convince them?"
"i got a new phone, and all my contacts are gone! please, if you want me to call you, comment with your number!"
