d78d56bcb724dfaf1d1f6ae0d38db7e0
"just when you think it’s going to be a bad week, the waft of garlic and paprika cooking out in rendered goose fat reminds you that everything will be just fine "
are you up right now by <propmale>?
"hungarian is the most impossible language…  ever!  hungarian is not even called hungarian, it’s magyar "
"as many of you may already know, my grandpa passed away monday night   a memorial service will be held tuesday, august 3rd, 2008 at hope lutheran church at 6 pm  my grandma requests in lieu of flowers donations be sent to: hope lutheran church stained gla"
does anybody else feel a little paranoid over the security words facebook give you when you add a friend?  maybe i am reading too much into them?
high five!
i am off to take my grandma to the big <propmale> <propmale> show 
is out-poking <propfemale>    as of right now 
always good to start the new year with a hangover 
znarf 
"i'm so excited about sea world, i can't even sleep "
pandora radio is not available in mexico  that is dissapointing news   heartbreaking step backwards in international trade 
i think my plans of losing a few pounds on this trip are slipping away with every new culinary discovery 
bullfight!
i bet the argentines are intolerable today 
the mexican consensus on the street:  anybody but spain!!!
"so, am i the only one who thought the overbearing, bald ref was hot?"
facebook is overwhelming 
it seems as though we will be heading back to texas next week   just a little more mexican world series baseball and we'll be done  adios mexico  *sniffle*
what is the greater crime? having too much fake nacho cheese and not enough chips or having too many chips and not enough fake nacho cheese 
<propmale> clyne has just released their texas tour dates      just in case you are as excited as i am 
smashing pumpkins  stubbs  cool 
"anybody up for a black keys concert listening party on sat, oct  9th?  the living room opens up dead in front of the stubbs stage, just accross 9th street   you can't see, but you can hear gosh darn good   we can also start it a little early for all you dorks who actually have tickets to the show "
did anybody know there was a football game today?
are you even supposed to be able to finish a bowl of pho?
i am in momo's for the <propfirst> bingham after show 
rand <propfirst> <propfirst> just played three songs 
and <propfirst> <propmale> jr  i'm going to bed happy 
"there comes a moment when you ask yourself, \am i too old to go to a rock show at midnight on a sunday night?\"" """
this is going to be some kind of crazy lazy day 
i just purchased my first groupon the other day  groovy lube oil change     i'm coming for you 
