bf451c195612a70f364e5364e5961e84
"good monday morning, hope it goes smooth for all today!"
"well my monday is about to start, talk to everyone later!"
i love all this quizes!
"thursday is a long day, when is friday getting here?"
"friday is almost here, can't wait for the weekend "
i can't wait until tomorrow i'm going to see <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
i had a fabulous weekend! spent saturday with an old friend and today with my two favorite guys  nothing better than having a filled weekend  happy fathers day to all you dads reading this!
"a long weekend full of cleaning and yard work, hope the rain holds out!"
"my computer is having issues, i'll get with you all when i get it fixed!"
"stopped into work for a quick minute, then back home to clean for company!"
mondays suck!
"happy hump day everyone, hope it goes smoothly foe all!"
"happy hump day, hope it goes smoothly for all!"
i love fridays!
"had a great weekend with some old friends of my husband, now off to a friends b-day party!"
monday again and off to work!
"almost half though the week, come on friday!"
i have a stomach bug that is kicking my tail!
"slept in and is going to see a movie, have a great weekend!"
"i have no real politcal views, i listen for what sound best for my future, but with all the double talk out there who it telling the you what they really mean?"
"<propfemale> is where love meet wisdom, anyone with kids will understand!"
it is always one thing or another going arye in my life  i just can't seem to get ahead of this black cloud that is following me these days!
"i'm tired today, haven be sleeping well lately!"
"can't wait to see my husband tomorrow, it has been a long week!"
"got the grass mowed before the rain comes in, ya me!"
"still really tired but handleing the meds better, only a few week til surgery, and a few months til all better smile "
i have uterin cancer and need to have a hysterectomy on 9 21 09  i did find out yesterday that i will not need to take kemothreapy that the cells are not speading beyond the uterus 
happy  labor day weekend everyone!
it would be easier to get ahead in life if i were single than it is being married 
"lokking forward to a relaxing weekend, i'm so tired!"
"i have surgery on monday, just wrapping up some house work before i'm out of commission for a few weeks, i'll miss you all!"
"well, i survived surgery  the pain is alot wrost than i e playful ected "
go steelers! still love ya browns!
"not healing as fast as i hoped, 2 more weeks rest!"
"i am feeling back to normal but ,i still have a few more weeks before i can start getting out and seeing everyone, miss you all!"
"good night all, i'm going  to take some cough meds and go to bed!"
was up at 4am to drive to culpeper to drop my husband off at work because one of his employees backed into his truck with a piece of heavy equipment and we had to put his truck in the shop  driving 4 hour before 8 am make for a long morning  i don't know how he does it everyday!
"got the kids off to school, time for some housework, anyone know a maid? my kids think i'm the maid!"
i hate having more bills than money! i miss having fun and going out with friends!
"i am all cleared by the doctor, just no lifting over 15lbs until the new year!"
here is a current picture of me for all those who said i needed to post a new pic!
"small towns and local businesses p#### me off, i'm tired of being screwed over by small business owners, that make up the rules as they go along! no wonder small businesses close up over night, if they all treat their customers the way i was treated then they get what they deserve!"
the worst thing about moving is all the packing!
"i am dog tired and sore, moving is kidding my a**! good night all!"
one day closer to ms 
another day of packing and maybe a dump run!
"well my house is all packed away in storage, and i have great friends, thanks to all who showed up to help "
happy thanksgiving all!
wondering at what age boys stop being helpless?
down to one week til i move home to mississippi!
"4 day until i move, i'll miss you all!"
the snow covered trees are beautiful!
"another op surgery today, i'm tired of surgery,everyonehave a great weekend!"
"happy 14th anniversary <propmale>, i'd do it all over agian! i love this much           "
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!
"we got about 27 inches  of snow, i can even walk in it!"
"who knew sledding could be so dangerous? <propfirst> crash going down hill at the park, bit through his lip, spranded his <propfemale> and brused his ribs  after 2 1 2 hrs at the er he is druged and i'm tired, good night and safe sledding!"
"i'm so glad to be home with my family in mississippi but i do miss you all in va, maybe i'll come back and visit sometime soon!"
have a great time and drive safe all!
browns suck go steelers
much love to all!
"the south is so cold, were did the sun go?"
no school today  sad  it snowed here in ms and they don't get snow here and can drive in it!
lavender
i miss you <propmale> come home soon!
"kids are at school, housework is done, now what         , i need a job!"
"<propfemale> 9lbs 2oz, <propmale> & <propfirst> 7lbs 3oz, <propfemale> 6lb 3oz, kamron 5lbs 8oz"
miss you <propmale>!
"this status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help "
"rain, rain, go, away"
if you here of a job opening in ne ms let me know i'm still  looking!!
today's game    middle name only   everyone please play this game! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends middle name is  copy and paste this on your profile before you put your middle name at the end of this sentence      <propfemale>
<propfemale>
"farve, what happened?"
"i hate getting dresssed up for a job interview, just for the drive to be longer than the interview  you have my resume,  did you even read it?"
is anyone else having problems with your facebook pages tonight?
"good morning all off to  a parent teacher conference, can anyone tell me why kids are so mouthy these days? maybe i need to slap their faces more often!"
"my truck is running again, thank dew and jermey!"
rumor has it    i love you!
"going to bed early, start my new 60 hr a week job in the morning! wish me luck, good night all!"
"factory work is so much harder than i ever though, my whole body hurts and i still have three days left this week  30 hrs down 30 to go, wish me luck or send me pain meds !?*"
"$0 hrs down 20 to go, then a day off, go colts!"
"40 hrs down 20 to go, then a day off, go colts!"
"my first week of work at the factory is complete, all and all it hardwork and i'm very tired, but its a paycheck and a new start! go colts!"
ilove you and miss you <propmale>!
"does anyone know what the best shoes are for standing on your feet  all day are? i need something with good arch support and comfort     my feet are killing me, i know am walking with a limp and my hip is clicking when i walk    help!!! please!!"
why do you need to shedule an appointment at a salon if you still need to wait an hour when you get there! needless to say i'm a little irritated and i missed out on a great lunch with my famliy because i was waiting for something i sheduled an appointment for   
"what makes children with everything steal, my two youngest sons stole magic cards from walmart earlier tonight,  not like they don't have 100's of them already,  wtf!"
only one more week until i get to see my <propfemale> again!
"4 days to go, until my babe gets here!"
2 days and a few hour untili pick up my <propfemale> poo  from the airport  smile 
thanks to all of you remebered my birthday! had a great weekend with my <propfemale> can't wait for his next trip home!
what a beautiful day     and i did not have to work      watching tv
back to work tomorrow  sad   sad   sad 
i do not like slackers     
"my feet and back are killing me    60hrs a week is killing me      looked at a house for rent today, not bad but needs alot of work"
"i have a sinus, double ear and upper respiratory infection, i feel like death warmed over and work is not slowing down, almost time  for bed, hope everyone is doing well!"
i miss my <propfemale> so much!
"spent an hour on the phone with an old friend last night,  it was good to talk to her "
"took <propmale> to the doctor and got new meds today, hope that helps him "
"good night to all of those poorsuckers like me who have to work tomorrow, for the rest of you lucky dogs have fun!"
"today was one of the worst i've had in a while, and to top it off i have to work tomorrow! i love my family but the drama is going to kill me  good night all!"
monday     thats all i need to say!
"worked a half day and then two doctors appointments for the kids, finally got home about the same time as if i worked all day just made less money "
"my baby had his first surgery today and did wonderful, other than being a little sore he came out no worse for the wear "
the end table
i hate working saturdays and the longer you know about it the worse it makes everyday leading up to it!
loves my family!
"hot dogs     yummy!\chilli, cheese and chips"
stuffed pepper anyone?
"home from work today, my babysitter fell out of tree and sprained ankle last night trying to help the boys get the football down "
home from work and cooking dinner 
"10 years ago today my last baby was born, happy birthday logan smile "
"its monday, what else can i say!"
"saturday night, went to my cousin <propfemale> and new husband <propfirst>'s beautiful wedding, congrats and best wishes!"
"migraine    landed me in the hospital, with an iv and pain meds "
<propfirst> furniture is tring to kill me    115 degrees in the factory today and no relief in sight  102 degrees outside tomarrow so like    115-120 degrees in the factory  i need an air conditioned job 
happy birthday mom!! happy 4th of july everyonr else!
does life ever get easier or do we just get by saying it going to?
i wish this movie would go off so i can go to sleep!
hello facebook  friends     the weather was nicer here today not so hot!
"every single one of you is on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends,but also as family!!! lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really does this"
"hello facebook land, long time no see! i have a 4 day weekend and no $, woohoo!"
another loss for the church softball team 
"had my ct scan today    results will be in thursday or friday    on day 12 of this headache   my husband said maybe they'll find my brain, haha"
"hope today's anniversary has everyone thankful for thier freedom, thank you to our military,fireman and police officers "
"another migraine    3rd one this month  i see the doctor on the 29th, he better be able to fix my head "
"during october, we remember all babies born sleeping, or whom we have carried but never met, those we have held but could not take home, or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it because the loss of a baby is still a taboo subject  in memory of all lost angels "
i have a headache       
"two days off what to do      cook, clean and sleep!"
go steelers!
happy birthday kamron     to all lse happy veterans day!
"dearmr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to savemore money for our country? while you're at it, let us cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue    raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? if you agree repost 11"
i had a wonderful thanksgiving wth family and good friends  tomorrow i'm going to an old friend  can't wait!
happy birthday to my hubby!
back to the doctor tomorrow for  another mri to make sure the blood clot in my bain  is gone   or back to the meds i go! wish me luck!!
well back to work tomorrow  can't wait for a three day weekend  we will be back to six days a week after the holidays 
"well i started with tendonitis in my left shoulder about 3 weeks ago, now every joint in my body hurts from jaws to toes  the doctor ran a blood work up on thursday to see what is going on  he's think ra   lupus   gout   ect  how did i go from a sore shoulder to to a possible auto immune disease? wth           "
"well it turns out that i do have ra and it'll be up to 6 weeks before the ra droctor cav see me  just great, i bet if they were in pain i could get a sooner appointment \i love wheel of forture "
12 5 hours at work today sucks and it sucks even more that i have to be back in the am
beer      
"thanks to all my friends for the birthday wishes, i miss you all!!"
"5:55 make a wish, i wish for the economy of five years ago!"
bored to death
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news beacause he's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy may 25 are soliders who gave their lives this week w  no media mention  please honor them by posting this as your status for a little while  may they rest in peace"
"i get to go to the spa all day tomorrow, my <propfemale> loves me!"
i got a new i phone and is still figuring it out
miss my <propfemale>!
i see the doctor again monday if all goes well i can be back to work next week  just worried weather or not i can still do it at the same pace   i was before 
i see the doctor again monday if all goes well i can be back to work next week  just worried weather or not i can still do it at the same pace   i was before 
"no good news at the doctors today,  but i go back  to work tomorrow!"
"well made it through my first day back to work, sore but i'll get better!"
well as another weekend comes to an end i hope everyone had a great weekend and a safe productive week  goodnight!
