184ed7a0e22103da6e2c1423aa464978
"i will not go down underground, when somebody tells me deaths come around and i will not <propfemale> myself down to die  when i go to the grave my head will be high"
"i'm the devil, if ever there was such a thing  the results of much to many drugs is what your seeing  i'm a mind fuck, completely disgu-uh-uh-ting  a human mutt fuck a being, i'm a dog  fuck a lamb i'm silencin em all, im involved in murders forensic scie"
just listenin to music and thinkin
"needs 4oz  gloves, a heavy bag, and someone wanting to spar"
"til my last breath i will stand on my feet as a man, and say that i love you "
i promise to live for i am promised to die
needs to get away for a while  anyone wanna go out of town for a weekend before the end of summer?
it puts its face in a pillow and leaves me the fuck alone
"a place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind  so much pressure in this life of mine  i cry at times i once contemplated suicide, and woulda tried, but when i held that 9 all i could see was my momma's eyes  no one knows my struggles  they only see the"
such a random night ha ha
hahahhahahahahahahahah  no more underage for me  smile 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes
great birthday weekend  smile 
i never talked to them boys that sat on them benches  i was in the game on fourth and inches 
"yeah i'm afraid, like i'm scarred as a dog, but i got a new song and i want ya'll to sang allllllloooonnnng  sang alllllloooooonnng  see this is the way we walk on a <propfemale> day when its rainin inside and your alllll alllllllooooonne  allllll allllloooooooonnee"
"you on your fifteen minutes of fame, and on the sixteenth beginith the lame and on seventeen you lose everything "
ha ha fuckin ha! great night
<propmale> tomorrow  geeked up!
<propmale> tonight! pregamin as i type  smile 
yay! no fireworks for me tonight! just work  shitty  text me  ill be bored  or send me pictures of fireworks and stuff lol 
"walk a thousand <propmale> in my shoes, just to see, what its like, to be me  lets trade shoes ill be you  just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine  go inside each others minds  just to see what we find, look at shit through each others eyes "
"so can you do me a favor? if i pull it together, make it sooner than later "
"i'm allergic to stupid, and these people like to make me itch "
i have a belief ill never die  if you <propmale> believe me just ask and ill e playful lain it to you  but it makes me appreciate life all that much more 
has officially just fallen in love with the movie ninja assassin
goin out to get it in!! 50 cent beer and dancin  text or call it 
long day of skatin then worked  definitely beat  wakin up tomorrow to hit the park till its dark then drink the night away hopefully  hit me up if ya wanna do somethin 
lets see where the night leads!
"off tonight, tomorrow and tuesday  hit me up "
life is like a reflection pool  you look at each ripple and see your life as it branches out fron the start  yet it all flows the same way  so throw in a few stones and make it interesting 
"run up in ya house, leave ya brains on the couch  shoot up everything, f**k is aimin about?"
workin from 2p m  to 1a m  l d f m f y 
just gotta make it through work tonight  then stuff!
contemplation of where you've been and where you'll go is the essential foundation to discover who you are and what you stand for 
"i know a girl named <propfemale>, her last name ball  i look into her eyes and i can see it all  i see her when she cries, im there when she calls, cause i live inside of the mirror on the wall "
"is addicted to vitamin water, and toast, and stuff"
just got beat with a car radio in a bag while in a health care center  hilarious minus the lil bit of blood and sore elbow 
epic boredom!!!!!!!
for the first time in my life i think i am actually exhausted  this will be the third straight night of three hours or less sleep and constant dancin  think im gonna crash after tonight lol 
loves a movie where an 11 year old girl has like quadruple the body count of <propmale> cage 
"is gonna use the term \semi-livid\"" to e playful lain my current mood  lets hope the day gets better """
is probably about to get cussed out by a bunch of <propmale> <propmale> fans  i like the guy and all  but it isnt my fault that he can't roundhouse kick  <propmale> believe me  look it up 
yup  one of them nights       
"hookeduh on po-honics, workedah fo meh!"
is it rude  for a deaf person to talk (sign) with their mouth full of food?
i go by the name of gangsta crizzab! and me and the grey sock gang is here to fuck yall up!
foot meets face
correction  foot strokes face 
my week has blown by  work tonight  off tomorrow  lets make it a good weekend 
walks in the rain are always amazing  even helps put things in life in more perspective  may have to go for another one 
walk on air  show me to the edge and ill walk off there 
i <propmale> wanna work tonight  but blach  i guess there isnt another option lol 
feelin super geeked right now  <propmale> even know why  just definitely know i need to go clown when i get off work  who has somethin to do at one in the mornin?
the body moves  the mind floats  the heart races  the blood flows  the good times roll  the bad times always go  life is motion  yet i wanna stop everything for just a moment to clear the confusion and just know whats what?
you just got beat down by a chick!     with a penis!
for once not exactly sure how to say everything that i wanna say 
i have walked a bitter line  chosen second over cheap wine  still i look for brighter times     i run with trouble 
i be runnin round gettin high on love  too much'a kill ya i know that's right  but i got that crack and she got that pipe 
they say keep your friends close and your enemies closer  so friends stay upstairs and enemies at my house six feet under 
camping fo da weekend  time to get my monkey on in some trees and thangs 
back in town  suppose it's time to be civilized again  or at least as civilized as i gets anyway  who am i kiddin  time to keep on foolin 
"i typed a text to this girl i used to see, sayin that i chose this cutie pie with whom i wanna be, and i apologize if this message gets you down  then i cc:'d every girl that i'd see see round town  hate to see ya'll frownin but i'd rather see her smilin' "
layin down for the night  things are good  and constantly working toward better 
gotta love some snowie
really bad feeling right now  is everyone ok  cause i <propmale> like it 
is kinda sorta super excited for tonight  can't remember last time i got to cook for someone or that me and my boy threw down in the kitchen 
bout to be a busy weekend  but its all part of elevatin the game  startin the path toward two goals in one weekend  gotta love it!
oh muh dear sweet jesus  lower body was just completly assaulted by personal trainer  ow  ow  ow  upper body tomorrow  yay!!
time to gets it in for the weekend  nasty meow makers on tha track!!
"i got, ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, and love in my mind  i've seen, nights full of pain, days are the same  you keep the sunshine, save me the rain  i search but never find, hurt but never cry  i work and forever try, but im cursed so never mind  and its worse so better times seem further and beyond  the top gets higher, the more that i climb "
couldn't tell you how long its been since i've felt this at peace and tranquil  thank you lord  always got the way to pick me up 
i wants to play in the rain
about to be off work and have no clue what to do with my day
"i can dream, it's a simple thing  i'm building a time machine "
i'm feelin that childhood ambition kicking in 
"see miss, i'll let ya know that i'm diggin ya style  i wanna know if you wanna stay for while  let's talk about some things  in ya life  we can see where we end up in the night "
enjoyin the rain way to much  been standin out in it since i got off work  i love the rain 
pissed would not even be a marginally accurate descriptor for right now 
is absolutely lovin the bartending thing  smile 
"this s**t was all i knew, you and me only  i did it all for you, but still you were lonely  but we can work it out "
"you <propmale> wanna stop, no breaks, no hazard lights  i satisfy, very accurately  i work in the satisfactory factory  how about dance and a daquiri  then i gotta pin ya to the bed like we wrastlin "
a chipotle induced coma the other day lead me to have probably one of the most random yet awesome dreams ever  <propmale> you love it when such things happen 
workin the bar at adis tonight! come see me! $1 wells  $1 draft pabst and <propmale> light  three different dj's spinnin  first night for a every friday occurence  come out and get it in 
ah the epic suck that is ten pointless hours at udf 
"i <propmale> follow rules, stupid old things "
went crazy all day yesterday  can't remember last time i was so hyper and woke up at 9 this morning and just busted out cleanin  so chillin and cleanin  hit me up!!
"\that's what i came to i-hop for\""  \""nah b***h you came here fa me\"" """
wants to go do parkour right now  had to much fun doin it at ihm 
i am exceptionally bored right about now   
i assume i need no introduction 
just so it is stated in fact for you to see  i do not know what im doin for my birthday  im up to suggestions and ideas lol 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! the birthday was certainly smashing!
wouldn't trade this life for anything!
anything goin on? im definitely far to bored right now 
run run run as fast as you can  i'll catch you cause im the <propfemale> bread man        with rocket luancher 
"when life gives you lemons, its time to find a new god!"
loves this storm!!!
a persons past is that for a reason  it shapes who they are but does not dictate what they do 
just chillin til work at ten  hit me up 
"just bought a cash register, speakers, and a record cassette player for twenty bucks  epic win  my day is happy  love peppermint pig "
tonight is the night to stunt hard  i had a great day and it keeps gettin greater  its the night to celebrate for sure  goin bananas at adis
wow  really bout to cuss someone the fuck out 
goin to church today and get to see my family  really excited 
so stealing my lil brother soon  he is the coolest kid since buttered toast wit strawberry jelly  love him to death!!!
hmmmmm  really bored  whats goin on tonight?
so its a beautiful day out  who wants to do somethin?
so whats goin on?
ten different nightmares for then ten times i fell asleep  really really sucky  annoyed 
its been a interesting week so lets see what the night holds 
i don't think i've ever actually been this bored before  it' ecstatically sucking 
now has a signature shot  super hyphy  workin on the name  come get at ya boy!!
haha  wow  the things in life that make you sit back and just laugh forever hard 
love it when i forget to go to sleep  smile 
just decided sports clips is that shit lol 
hypno-twat + blue brandito = greatest dual fist drink combo ever  (period)  
yay  already bored today!! whats up?
yay  get home to relize i left my keys at the bar  so i get to walk forty minutes there then forty back  so wonderful 
up at 9 a m  to dance  certainly a first for me lol 
"live, learn, love  these are the fundamentals to enjoying your time in this world  do nothing less "
thursday thru today have easily been the most awesome days this year  lets keep it goin lol 
"i need less friends, more bread  less talk, more head  i used to ride escorts, now i get escorted      she said she like all girls, so i turned the girl co-ed "
patron and lime     yum-flippin-tastic    nuff said 
got me scratchin my head like poison <propfemale> cause im as confused as a stripper applyin at nasa 
lol  love that feeling when you know you're good but you have that empty feeling  but you know exactly why it's there 
arian <propmale> thatnk you for these lovely 37 points you gave me 
yeah  think im gonna just kinda stay off the grid for a while 
her! that one there! she ain't gettin no hamburger helper!
quite epically bored 
first year with a fantasy football team and what happens? first game won  highest points in the league  that's what im talkin about!
cannot lie  i love my job  especially the random <propmale> <propfirst>'s breakfasts at six in the morning 
"busy day busy day! so excited  hammerin out a final run of the dance  workin out  and carlye's birthday dinner  check out our dance \ace boogie_aaron <propfirst>- neighbors know my name\"" on you-tube """
started my night drinkin at the bar  now on a short party bus goin to a driving range  let's see where the night goes  love my life 
"come up to adis!! free pool, cheap drinks, and good times  come out i need some comp on the pool tables "
"tonight it goes down!! kickin it at adis sneaker party  best guy and girl pairs of shoes get 25 dollar tab  ome will be in the building  jac savage is your host  mj the dj spinnin for the night  i'm behind the bar pourin you up  $2 wells, $1 drafts and shot specials  come go ham and enjoy your friday "
things on mym mind  just gonna go walk around  wish i had a skateboard right now 
hahahahahahaha    hahahahahaha  that just entirely made my day better 
"\superman can't cook chicken like this \"" gotta love lyfe jennings!"""
forget cloud nine  you know you're at the top when only heaven's right above you 
power is out so im sittin at the bar  ha ha ha 
i'm sendin shots  it's happy hour  i shoot from close range  i'ma need a towel 
just got a serious craving for some b dubs can't wait til tomorrow  gettin completely swayze  great weekend  smile 
i'm at a party with jesus juice  love my life   smile 
amazingly bored  anything going on today?
first dance rehersal  now football  then adis  wonderful day in the works 
tonight at adis! o  m  e  presents: parrrty  and it certainly will be a good time! come on out 
can you get a d  u i  on a skateboard?
"hi  i am alive, well, and excessively happy  that is all  smile "
so general question  am i ever really hard to find? would you just ask me where i am maybe?
if you're not at adis  get here  and entertain me  now lol 
ah nokia 5800  how i have missed you   smile 
i think someone and i may need to have a talk 
i put diamonds on all my food  why? cause one  it's the most baller shit you can do  two  it makes my doo doo twinkle 
"come on try and tame me  tell ya mom i'm bad, tell ya grandma why i'm dangerous  tell ya <propfemale> he pussy, tell ya brother he a bitch  i'll own em  <propfirst>  set  go run in his shit "
get that ass to adis      now!
just got my halloween costume  hyper excited is an understatement 
need to find halloween parties soon  i need to break this halloween costume in 
is there anything going on tonight  i am royaly bored 
so damn bored right now  what's goin on tonight?
so what's goin on today?
get to adis tonight! you got me behind the bar  and dj havoc aka <propmale> collins spinnin all night  come out and support your boys and have a good time 
halloween parties tonight! time to get it in  remember  tonight i hate everyone  smile  you've been forewarned 
had a awesome saturday night  good times  good good times 
if i had a world of my own  it would be a world of nonsense  nothing would be what it is  because everything would be what it isn't 
come up to adis and get your grub on  we are now open during the day and i'm cookin and bartending today and thursday  i could use the company  smile 
anything goin on tonight?
i can piss off a happy meal      so go take a flying leap of faith off a fuckin balcony before i shove a falcon wing up ya fly ass 
new place friday  love it when shit shapes up  smile 
people need to come up to adis and eat or chill with me  i am bored  very bored til people get here or til 7 
"let's dance in style, let's dance for a while  heaven can wait, we're only watchin the skies      let us die young or let us live forever  we don't have the power but we never say never "
whippin around in the short bus with dizzle and <propmale>  let's see where the night goes 
anything goin on tonight?
pretty sure it's a pulled muscle in my back  lame  doesn't feel to great  needs to go away 
"que sera, sera "
please tell me there is somethin goin on tonight  me and <propmale> and <propmale> feel the need to clown hard tonight 
definitely liking this snow
great night at work  six fights in one night  that's am official adis record 
so what's going on today  i'm already bored 
ha ha  according to 54 year old ladies i've got that model look  and i should be a model 
da da da damn  what did i consume? somethin spinnin fast is it me or it's the room? i bet you it's the room  cause i <propmale> do no drugs 
is thinkin people need to get to adis to party with chrissie 
loves a good nap in the middle of the day that contains dreams of the zombie apocalypse survival 
"i typed a text to this girl i used to see, sayin that i chose this cutie pie with whom i wanna be  and i apologize if this message gets you down  then i cc: every girl that i see see round town  i hate to see ya'll sad but i'd rather see her smilin  wetness all around me true, but i'm no island "
bartending at adis tonight! come keep me company 
swagger in place  now let me get to it  i'm badder than ya n***a and the n***as next to him  i do me b***h what are you doin?
i wish i could live in the world of tron  so shiny  and pretty  great date with my love  dinner and movie  yay!
so what's going on today? i need somethin to do?
i was the underdog so please excuse me a bit  i need some space so someone make some room in this bitch! cause i'm in beast mode!
"-lookin for the girl of my dreams, but i never sleep so i <propmale> know who she is?- lookin to be a boring night  who wants to help me change this?"
"i'll sing you a song, put ya name in it and everything  bet you'll sing along  then walk away  i bet it'll be stuck in ya head all the way home "
"my money make money and my bitches get bitches  bring my chopper to the office let it handle all my business  i get baseball money, check my home run average "
"take a flyin leap of faith off a fuckin balcony, before i shove a falcon wing up ya fly ass"
"bartendin from 3p m  to 2a m , whose comin to visit me?"
so what's going on today?
"i see you with you poems and ya pads  but see me, i got the world in my hands  i make it spin on my finger  i'm a critical thinker "
about to be dumb bored at work  text me  visit me  somethin lol 
workin the bar at adis tonight  come get it in for my boy jac's birthday 
"you're a knife, sharp and deadly, and it's me, you've cut into  but i don't mind  in fact i like it "
so what's is goin on today and tonight  i'm hyper and down to clown 
hahahaha  suicide kings  greatest use of a toaster ever  ever!!!!
ok  there has to be somethin goin on tonight  get at me 
dancing is the most amazing life <propmale>  listen to music to escape your mind  dance to escape the world 
new note up  it's just stuff that kinda came out  but i like it 
i needs a good night out 
"the degree to which i am currently bored, is simply astounding "
woo hoo! short bus'n it up  no clue what may happen 
and the short bus time is over  so what's goin on tonight?
hmmm  i've become inspired  inbox me a question and i will answer 100 percent truthfully in a status  no names used  lets see how it goes 
"q:why aren't we married ?\a: cause i <propmale> know you lol  nor do i plan on gettin married anytime soon "
"q: wut do you want me to ask you??\a: that is somethin for you to decide  duhhhh "
"q: okayyyy, how much do you love me?????!!!! \a: uh duh  like something ridiculous"
"q:how much csi do you watch and could you get away with murder? \a: i watch it pretty much everyday at work  and i could get away with murder long before i watched csi  i wanted to go to school for forensic science "
"q: what type of nasty things you wanna do to me?\a: i refuse to get your head hyped by saying anything  that is something you would certainly have to find out  but i do assure you it would be a wonderful time "
"q: is your ass bedazzled tonight? \a: hahahahaha  yes  yes it is "
"q: do you ever wonder what would have happened if you and i went through and started dating?? \a: honestly not really  had it been meant to happen it would have  i'm not one to dwell on the past "
"q: wats the funniest memory u have of me n u? \a: hahahahaha  there are alot  one has to be  whose here with you? lj's not "
"q: favorite memory of us? \a: haha  drilling you in the throat with a pong ball  just kiddin  easily family movie night lol "
"q: what does cooked bacon say?\a: yeah  you fail at tryin to be funny  the correct question is what do you call bacon in a skillet  and the answer would be my nigga "
who wants to come visit me at work today?
"tik, tock  gun shot  blauw! bullet! bullet!"
"taking tricked out, excessively high speed power chairs on a cross country road trip  my dreams make me worry about myself lol  but come out with some awesome ideas "
so what's goin on tonight? i really wanna get out and do somethin 
bored at work  get at ya boy 
you know the night can only get amazing when you start by drinkin so co then switch up to patron 
"it's so loud inside my head, with words that i should have said  as i drown with my regrets, i can't take back the words i never said "
anyone wanna come kick it til i gotta work at 10?
bored! anything goin on today?
