ae079c1b2fce321a94393258d0e121a9
woooooo i love new years  love 
who is willing to bet $20 i wasn't high newyears if you reply to this saying yes im holding you to it
my trashcan is broken 
i just got back from galveston  they rebuilt fast after the hurrican  can't keep a good community down  woo party island!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> crap i thought it was still june
i don't have to move to <propfemale> i get to stay in <propfemale> yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i've been working at macys i'm a card reader if anyones intrested i normaly work on weekdays from 1-5 i charge $1 a <propfemale> 50 cents a <propfemale> for friends
god thers never anybody on this late!!!!
plat mobsters 2 its like the best game on facebook
needs to hangout with sombody besides kole
im going to the midnight sjowing of haloween ii anyone else going
asked <propmale> out
can't remember anything from yesterday at all
got surgery today
dug a frekin huge ditch today 18 inches deep and the damn ground was made of <propmale> or somethin 
"nobody should die because they don't have health care, and nobody should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day "
is having a hard time eating i keep throwing up but im so hungry
the ditch flooded!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heading out into town today to hangout w  <propfemale>
just got the coolest jacket ever
got a new ring
had the sadest dream ever last night
anybody else use myspace
had to get surgery today i hatr it i have to go again in two weeks
dude today <propfirst> got so messed up over nothing he like threw cracker in madies face and said my family was messed up then left spanish crying 
 sad 
i want a muffin bad!!!
mtv vmas!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh 
lady gaga is a dumbass 
already finished my homework
writting songs
level 100 on mafia wars!!!
i might be going to the cowboys game in <propfirst> this weekend!!!
first hot shower in like a month!!!
omod!!! i think i just made the biggest mistake of my life 
theres no phod here  crying 
i think my best friend hates me now   
today started out awful but turned out pretty well for me
grrrrrrrrraawwwrrrrr!!!!!!
lasaginia!!!
"one bright day in the middle of the night,  two dead boys got up to fight   back to back they faced each other,  <propfirst> their swords and shot each other   a deaf policeman heard the noise  and ran to save the two dead boys   if you don't believe this lie is true,  ask the blind man, he saw it, too "
im gonna start an odd poem of the day thing
"`twas brillig, and the slithy toves   did gyre and gimble in the wabe; all mimsy were the borogoves,   and the mome raths outgrabe "
"that one was kinda long you have to read the bottom one first then the second then the top    odd poem of the day \jabberwocky\"""""
"can’t be bothered e playful laining to you you’re just like everyone else i knew false, fake and phoney no honesty at all, just baloney  leave me be, alone forever i dont need you, not now, nor everheadphones on, he turned from me lost in his thoughts he faced the sea as the waves rolled in, i let him be sad sorry little emo boy "
"weird poem of the day    emo boy why so sad, o emo boy? why aren’t you glad and full of joy? for the sea is clear, the sun is bright pretty girls abound, for your viewing delight!‘my life sucks don’t you see? whats the point to life, to me? she ignores me every day, my parents allow me no say  no one understands me, the hurt i feel deep down in my soul, the pain’s quite real "
is pretty sad today sorry no poem today  crying 
ok im pretty happy again heres the poem of the day this one is actualy by <propmale> <propfirst>
ummm nvm all prestons poems will make you all sad sorry dood even i felt depressed reading those 
kinda sad again im having mood swings grrr
ahhhh home <propfemale> at last
"i just got my hair died black, with the shirt im wearing i look like aan anime character"
it's anarchy time!!!!!!! grrrrrrrraaawrrrr
dood im afraid to go to sleep i notmaly am not afraid of horror movies but i read a bio about <propfemale> manson now i'm so scared 
i think i caught a cold 
my everything hurts!!! i hate being sick!!!
i almost died getting up out of the bed to my desk  crying 
check out our website http annoyed  splishsplashcalamity webs com 
happy birthday broke!!!
i had the best day ever today i walked in the snow to macys and had a triple macys special and chilled there for like an hour 
isn't it weird that after monday and tuesday the rest of the week spells w t f 
put on eyeliner for the first time today it actualy looks pretty cool don't be suprised if i show up on monday with eyeliner lol
i wish i was a happy pill   
good morning world!
wow i just took a shower and started thinking about death im going to mass from here on out
thank god for giant earphones 
omfod i am convinced that the center of hot pockets are uncookable!!!
dood!!! i woke up this morningand the clock said 6 surprise 9 anf for some reason i freaked out thinking it was 7 surprise 9
new phone text me!                                                                                                 928-286-7503
if anybody wants me to edit some photos just send me the pic and tell me what pic the effect you want is from  exe pic 1 i will make it look like a panting
"just watched mirical on 34th street, makes me cry at the same part everytime  the part where the little girl is def and then they start doing sign language  :,-("
my mom is pissed at me for cleaning the sink!!! wtf!!!
"paranormal activity was a pretty cool movie, but i didn't like the ending "
?? ????? ???? ? ????? ??????
? ???? ??????? ? ?????? ??????
"press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>!!!! it works!!! no joke!!!"
"\it's a vertical wind tunnel \"""""
having a serious emo moment  this sux
we're celebrating christmas sunday cause my dad isn't gonna be here for christmas    would you stick with a job that made you work on christmas?
i have never been this drunk lol
is in love yay >3 lol retarded heart oh i didn't get a hangover!!! but i can't walk straight to save my life this morning lol
anarchy in the uk by the sex pistols and fuck the system by the e playful loited best songs ever!!!
the littlest things can just make my day yay random happiness   smile  (if you turn this into somethin nasty you're a queer hater)
i just realised dreams are so mysterious and idk i hate when get into deep thought like this
i definetly love her  love  for all of you who dont have someone whom you love hope you find her him this year
anybody up yet i couldnt go to sleep right now itslike 4:15
now its 5:15 listenin to <propfemale> in chains the lyrics are kinda depressing but they rock!!! nothing could make me sad right now this is the best day of my life!!!
kole's new nickname is chico chicito
is feeling really really hated
ok i think i am gonna stop using facebook because of snitches 
i wany yo make it very clear to everybody i do not abuse drugs!!!
didn't want the dance to end
is lovin' life
snake river conspiracey!!! woooooo!!!
"some people are so stupid i swear ok so remember the story bout the girl over the summer who got kinda stalkerish now shes threatining me and she doesn't have anything on me she lives over 1,000 <propmale> away like this comment if you think she should piss off and get a life"
today started out as the worst day of my life and turned out to be one of the best
i am so freakin tired of drama
god damn mother fuckin vikings!!!! ahhhh fuck <propmale> farv and everything he loves!!!!!!! damn it!!!!!!!
she fuckin broke up with me i want to be mad at her but i dont want to hurt her goddam    http annoyed  chatter com a 49brn?ref=nf
today i    it's hard to e playful lain how much better i feel  http annoyed  chatter com a 4c4pv?ref=nf
if anybody wants an edit just send me a pic
i dont think ive ever been this pissed but im pretty happy
grrrr
i'm so happy now  thanks <propfemale>!
can't have chocolate anymore but <propfemale> de leche is 10 times better
everytime a <propfemale> falls an angel gets its balls
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uifnr9yuere
"when i was little i wanted to be a rockstar, so i'm gonna go for it "
omg so fucking happy right now!!!!
i'm such a fucking idiot!!!
am i emo?
i am the minster of the zombie nation bow down before our increadable techno!!!!
ever get so mad were you get a headache and a soar throat from yelling so much?
<propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!! vamos a ganar alemania!!!!!!!!
samy died   
"\love forever love is free let's love together you and me\"""""
"\every second i'm without you im a mess\"""""
lol went to the fair today everytime i saw a hot girl everybody else with me was like ewww shes a whore  lol
wow think about what you were doing december 10th 2009 i still remember exactly what i was doing    good year aside from one or 2 things
grrrrrraaaaawwwwwrrrrrrr the snow makes me want to eat somebody!!!
"lol \say heck all you want the big guy knows what you mean\"""""
i'm never dinking coke again    vanilla coke doesn't count   
"you and i wake up on a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well    be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5xbummnkc0w&feature=related
"my grandma made me hot dogs with mustard and cheese    :,("
just another day smothered in awsome sauce!  laugh 
godd morning run to bad kole didn't show up 
ahhh!!! my grandma bumped me with the car and of course it only hit me in the pocket were i was keeping my ipod which broke    she doesn't even wait for you to close the door to go! lol
we beat 2 of the 3 teams today!
holy crap i just taught myself how to play fur <propfemale> by ear i'm getting really good!
"<propfemale> barnes, damn dude your right! gayfish"
"let's see who truly reads my status: you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words       what would you say to me ? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status       so i may comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along  (4 words is harder than you think"
"my top profile viewers: \ <propfemale> aguirre - 652 views \ <propfirst> rivera - 423 views \ <propfirst> <propfemale> stockton - 345 views \ <propmale> cook - 241 views \ see who views your profile @ http annoyed  www facebook com pages spies-or-friends 222061487809682?15765"
"my top profile viewers: \ <propfirst> dorsett - 652 views \ <propfirst> hord - 423 views \ <propmale> barnes - 345 views \ <propmale> mcd - 241 views \ see who views your profile @ http annoyed  www facebook com pages spies-or-friends 222061487809682?57691"
like this status & i'll be 100% honest () you're pretty () you're iight () you're cute () you're ugly    () i like you () i hate you () i love you () your nice () we should talk more of often () you're a good friend () i like yo swagg () i want your number () text me () call me sometimes () you are hot () i dare you to put this as your status so i can like it smile   
"like my status and i'll tell you annoyed 1  how we met\2  my first impression of you\3  what i like about you\4  favorite memory with you\   5  but if you like this you must post it as your status too"
