aa5c3305f2b941ffa4e1e8b287392e94
with the ladies tonight      smile 
having a lazyyy day  smile 
work at 3 then ready for tonight    smile 
laying in the sun with my <propfirst> <propfemale> today     smile )
ready for tonight  smile )
is ready for the weekend    
not feeling so good today    
fun movie night with my love  smile )
had a fun day in <propfemale> with my love  smile ) now its movie time   
is spending sometime with my sweetheart  smile )
is having a lazy day an watching christmas movies  smile )
is getting ready for work tonight   then a good nights sleep    long day tomorrow
long day   ready to lay down and get some sleep for another long day tomorrow   i feel like i cant get a break!!
fun day in <propfemale> with trey   went an seen <propfemale>'s new beautiful baby girl   now its movie time  smile )
is <propfemale> ready for the next two days with nothing to do but being lazy  smile )
had a great christmas   i love my family sooo much! now playing rock band with <propmale>  smile )
i love lazy days  smile )
loved her long weekend but its back to school an work tomorrow  sad 
is tired and ready to lay down and have a movie night with trey   i love him <propfemale> much!!
wishes she could get sleepy!!
ab to go eat with the bf's family   i looovvveee him sooo much!!
wants to take a nap!!
has an at&t lg parada for sell that has never been used for anyone that is looking for a new phone
is loving this weather!!
needs to study!
cant wait to to see my wounderful boyfrannn tonight!!
loves her life and her amazing boyfriend!!
ab to go get a movie and something to eat w  the boyfrann
wishes she could fall asleep!!!
as sooo much she needs to do!!
babysitting the twins  smile )
hates the weather   its been a blahh day!
been a long day cant wait to spend sometime with him  smile )
hopes to get a nap in then work   
has just loved this day!!
couldnt be any happier!!
wishes she could get rid of this cold!!
loves this day and hopes to lay out tomorrow  smile )
happy easter everyone!! watching <propmale> and the chipmunks the squeakquel with my boyfrann   church in the morning
is about to be lazy with <propmale> for the rest of the day    has to be at the doc  at 8 in the morning to get my wisdom teeth taken out   ugh!
as a wonderful mama and an amazing boyfriend!! i love them <propfemale> much  smile )
back to the real world today  sad (
just getting back from <propfemale> with the lover  smile ) now its movie time
loves her life!!  smile )
is ab to start studying!!
as had a looonnggg day and is about to start studying for a test tomorrow    may 27th can not get here fast enough!!
wishes there was more time in a day so i could get more done!!
getting ready for chassitys wedding rehersal then the wedding tomorrow    smile )
work tonight then working on a exam study guide then finally some much needed sleep!!
watching a movie with my heart!!
has the bestest boyfriend in the whole wide world!! he always knows how to make my day! i love you <propmale> rogers!
graduate tonight!! cant wait!
could not have had a better weekend thanks to my amazing boyfriend!!
has had a looonnnggg day! ready to get some much needed sleep
got alot of needed things done today    now already ready for bed!!
is having one of those lazzzzy sundays!!
weekend please hurry up and get here!!
is going to the beach to soak up some sun!!
thanks the lord for the little blessings in life!!  smile )
thinks summer is going by wayyyy to fast  sad 
cant wait for this weekend to get here so i can get down to the beach for the 4th!!
has to work all day!!
thinks she got a little to much sun today   
feels like the luckest girl in the world  smile )
"cant believe tonight is the last night of \the hills\""  sad ("""
has <propfemale> much she needs to get done!!
is ab to go to <propfemale>  smile )
really needs to wash my car
congrats to <propfemale> and gerel on their new baby girl ryleigh!! she is beautiful!!
couldnt be happier  smile  everything is just right    i love my life!
had a great time last night ab to lay out then get ready for tonight!!
its gonna be a lazy day!!  smile )
going to <propfemale> with mama!
is sooo in love!  smile )
<propfemale> much to do    with <propfemale> little time   
umm friday 13th please hurry and be over so i can enjoy the last two days of my summer!!
i have to say i like everything ab school so far except that long drive there and back everyday!
is <propfemale> ready for this weekend   i really need some more sleep!!
when it rains it pours    
 smile )
i have a pair of costa <propmale> mar harpoon's the brown one's for sale hardly worn if anybody is interested let me know 
cant believe its monday ugh!
loves how he always knows just what to say to make my day!  smile ) i love you <propmale>!
all smiles  smile )
thankyou everyone for all the birthday wishes! it really ment alot to me  smile )
if i could do it all over again i would still pick you!! i love you <propmale>!
will this week ever get over?!?
today is gonna be a good day!
work then ready to have a lazzzzy sunday afternoon with him  smile )
rain rain go away come again another day!
really wishes i could be in bed all day!!
life is sooo good  smile )
cause you're amazing just the way you are  smile )
let’s do something crazy cause crazy's what you make me!!
as beening writing papers all night with the boyfriend   how fun!
game    dinner   and carving a pumpkin w  my love = a great night  smile )
weekend could you please hurry!! sooo ready for some halloween fun in cola!
hey everybody i am very sorry for that fake video   i think it is all cleared up now! maw
today can not get over fast enough!!
yay!! my weekend as finally started!!  smile )
cola here i come!     so excited to go out tonight with my hunnie and my long lost friend  smile 
happy halloween!!
he always knows just what to say to make my day!  smile )
hates this weather!!
is all smiles  smile )
is truly a lucky girl   i couldn't have a better boyfriend! i love you <propmale> rogers! you are amazing!
"\it's beginning to look a lot like christmas\""   i am sooo ready!"""
 smile )
does not feel good!!
had the best thanksgiving ever!! i am truly a very blessed girl! being lazy all day with my hunnie  smile )
oh christmas break would you please hurry! i am back at school and work today and i don't like it!
wants to wish my amazing boyfriend <propmale> rogers a happy birthday! i love you <propfemale> much! i hope you have a great day baby!
and finals are over!!  smile )
<propfemale> stampede with the family and my lover for my little sisters birthday!! happy birthday <propfemale> winkeler (my mini me) ha ha i love you!
wishes it would go ahead and snow since it is sooo cold  smile )
christmas shopping at the beach with mama!
is so excited about today and tomorrow! life couldn't get any better  smile ) <propfemale> chritsmas everyone!
wishes i could go back to sleep! been wide awake for the past hour   ugh!
this day couldn't get any longer!!
has had an amazing weekend with some great friends and family   now about to watch a movie with my sweetheart and enjoy our snow day off tomorrow!   life is sooo good!  smile )
it feels like monday   ugh!
what's mine is mine and what's yours is mine! ha ha
this is gonna be a l-o-n-g day!
\keep smiling," because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about \"" \"aa5c3305f2b941ffa4e1e8b287392e94,i'm not lucky i'm blessed!
wants to wish <propmale> rogers a very happy <propfirst>'s day! i love you <propfemale> much baby! you are amazing and i am <propfemale> lucky to have you in my life!
had the best <propfirst>'s day yet! thanks to my wonderful boyfriend!
is loving my life and all the wonderful people in it  smile )
can't seem to get motivated today    
oh monday    i do not like you!
really needs to decide what i want to <propmale> in    ugh!
hates being sick  sad 
why is life sooo hard and stressful at times?!?
wishes she was laying on the beach!
is so happy to have this semester over with!! 3 classes this summer then <propfirst> <propfirst> in the fall  smile )
i need a public speaking book does anyone have one i can buy from them??
study study study!!
thanks everybody for the congratulations!! we are very excited!  smile )
couldn't be any happier!!  smile )
still can't believe i am going to marry my best friend <propmale> rogers i love you!!
has sooo much to do!
finally a little down time to lay around and look at my bridal magazines  smile )
"will be marrying the love of my life <propmale> rogers december 15, 2011 on a beautiful beach in cancun   i can not wait!!"
on the way to the beach with the fiancé!!
back to reality     
goodbye fdtc and hello to my 6 classes this fall at fmu!!
going to register for my wedding showers today   yay soooo excited!!  smile )
"couldn't be any happier with my life right now! i will be starting fmu soon, i love my new job there, the wedding of my dreams is coming together just as planned, the new house is perfect, and of course having an amazing fiance!! i am truly blessed!  smile )"
is going to enjoy this lazy sunday before its back to the books
still doesn't know who the chick sitting in the white chair singing all the songs is    
thanks everyone for the birthday day wishes!! i am <propfemale> blessed to have such wonderful friends and family in my life!  smile )
had a great wedding shower yesterday and got alot of amazing gifts!! thanks to everyone who made my day sooo special  smile )
writers block can't get any worse than this    
had an amazing bridal shoot with <propfemale> ford photographers today!! thank you sooo much! i can't wait to see them  smile )
had a wonderful time at our shower last night! thanks to everyone who came! we are blessed to have such great family and friends in our lifes  smile )
