833ac8b5459ca0bfa58a11b751822079
who wants to make a band?
bored
bored
fuck! got nothing to do for the weekend  gonna be kinda boring  sad   sad     laugh !!!!
so i just woke up
boats and hoes
awake
back from playing a little music
boredom
is anyone good at latin?
i sit here amidst all the chaos of this world with a calm smile on my face  everything is fine  everything is great  smile 
i hate my mom
blah
 annoyed 
what are things you could do with 200 dollars? not that i have that much haha just wondering what you would do with that money 
friday nights are ecstatic
vidya games
umm    why do people even watch these stupid award things? it's a bunch of bullshit  i honestly could care less who has a better video according to someone's oppinion or who is a better actor according to someone
bored
i wish i had some brownies
i wish i had some brownie mix
cool i aint gots no brownie mix so ima just make some fudgey cake!  laugh 
using  egg substitute in my cake    i made it myself  laugh 
i got my cake in the oven  surprise 
i slept well last night
good day
bored
man i'm feeling good
im tired
holy shit it's 9 am
no fucking wait its 10 pm
what?
i think i have something to do tomorrow    yay for procrastinating
i should go to sleep
tired
broken hearts or broken souls?
playing music
does anvone else have an event invitation that they keep clicking on but it just takes them back to home <propfemale>?
"oh, i know that she gave me all that she wore"
so    tired
confused
typical friday    nothing to do
it's a sunday night and i'm indifferent about school tomorrow  who knows it might be a good day 
today was a good day
the joker and the thief
muse kicks ass
feeling better but still sick  sad 
groggy and cold  bus in ten minutes  <propfemale> better wake up 
class of 2012 rule
i just woke up  i've been waiting for saturday all week so that i could sleep in  laugh 
walking with a ghost- the white stripes  amazing
feeling good  i finally slept well
guitar lesson
man im bored
just woke up  last night was fun 
hola
making brownies from scratch
ahh this is such bullshit 
lost my phone charger
"i never wake up well    my head hurts, my eyes hurt, my jaw hurts and i'm freezing "
maps- yeah yeah yeahs
i'm tired  haha i got so much sleep last night too 
back from the movies  2012 was interesting
ahh i have nothing to do today  sad 
highschool is such bullshit 
foreign authority   
arctic monkeys  smile 
weezer  smile 
what's going on tomorrow?
smells like teen spirit
muse  laugh  and i know you saw them live <propfemale> haha
too much stress is unhealthy haha  i'm gonna go relax everyone  smile 
college humor lol
pullin an all nighter without all the boring work  i'll do that tomorrow 
no idea what i want for christmas
time is ticking    slowly fading
people are so prone to fads
i have some dumb ideas
fucking computers!
just got back from checkmate
i was in checkmate for having too many tardies  it was so boring
back from <propfemale>
just got home from sanding my dad's boat  i got blue all over me from the paint lol  and he says he's gonna pay me 50$ for helping him out  surprise 
new phone 443-786-9726
back from <propmale>'s house
"all that is necessary for the triumph of evil \is that good men do\nothing- <propmale> burke"
take your problems elsewhere i'm sick of everyone bitching on facebook it's really getting old seriously 
back from sailing
remember the fallen september 1st-october 6th 
passed out last night early lolc
the strokes
rearview mirror
i hope we have no school tomorrow  laugh 
someone put a 9 next to my 6 key
having 3 classes a day is nice  smile 
