21963d82f83f41677e5b0ca83cf9f299
finally feel like i have my life back again after 8 horible years of misery
its friday yae! time to ponder in a stuck state of mind not moving from the couch staring at a blank wall seeing if i could get lost in the cracks   ( lsd )
life and the way people treat each other i mean i helped out a complete stranger gave him what i really didnt hav and one day i come home from work to find a shit load of my stuff stole get up in the next morning take a shower and when i get out to put deoderant on the mother fucker had even stole that either or the world is a ruthless place if you dont whatch your own back youll get stabed right in the front
to everone sorry about the picture will get photo onces i figure this out
life and everyone around you may take you for granted at your job or in your personal day today routine don't drell on the fact that no one cares simple cause you are probly over reacting if you recieve a pay check from work there is your thanks and people around you or close friends do appreate ya way more than you could ever know altough they may not say it !
now finally im down with that <propfirst>  you should see the hydro that i got right at this very moment!!!!!!!!!!
americans want to know why are country is so fat its because your not eating to survive your gorgeing if you do believe in the bible it would be call gluttony!!!
life and the <propfemale> you diffine for yourself would take a different path every time you choose that road   be carefull in the life changeing disitions you make cause it could always be the big one ya never know!
it takes everthing to make a change and nothing to stay the same 
good morning fellow citizens
good morning everyone on this wonderfull saturday!!!
why when you lend a helping hand you get stabbed right in the back for it every time i'm done playing mr  fucking nice guy all the time!
life's great if thing's could work any better i wouldn't want it to!
"the way the world works with it's devine perpose? you really will never comprehend because of to many oppinoin's in ya life or influences , unless you just wanted to stop listen to what your heart say's for once!"
for everyone that think's the world is out to get them just know everything happen's for a reason!!!
has quit smoking so far it's been 1 complete week              
hope everyone that went to tulsa fire work's show liked it let me know i put that display of fire work's on this fourth of july!
why do people feel that being rude is going to accomplish what they want       ?
everyone have a great friday cause i know i will!!!!!!!!
no matter what just remember that life is what you want to make it  and your the one that decides! you make your own <propfemale> 
mmm          fresh laundry love the smell!!!
just got done dismantleing a deck!!!!! took a good 4 hour's freaking tired
everyone have a fantastic mother fucking friday!!!!
going to the white owl time for a break from the work life!!! it's friday!!!                                
what can you do after telling a loved one that you need help in any way and the high and mighty attitude can't suck it up for under nine an hour i say fuck him?
moving into a bad ass apart  off of <propfemale> st  everything's already paid for and ready to go can't wait!!!
good morning tulsa and happy b-day <propfirst>!!!
has got to move tommrow so no fun tonight have way to much to do!!!
going to oklahoma city friday            have fun bitch's i'll be off in a bad ass hotel comfotable loungin around   by the way all paid and this is going to be one to remember!!!
needs to left alone for a bit haven't had a moment to my self for ever          in  day
is letting people know a little piece of his mind today         so say something!
just love's life here off of <propfemale> st 
you know sometimes you just got to lay it down           
good morning to all and have a wonderfull day !
wish's it was friday all over again  
the sound of rain early this morning makes me want to go back to sleep!
<propfemale> <propmale>'s coffe caramel mmmmm              
is fucking tired of dumb ass's common since people  god       
went in worked out come to find a cute little thing broke down named <propfemale> i love my life       
ghost land tonight !!!
"ghost land was awesome wish i was with a  friend though   missed my ride in had to walk the way their in back, good cardio though "
"live life love it to the fullest, but remember you can go over board with anything you do "
what do ya do when you wanted something and then all the sudden lose interest?
ya know what i really had no idea that people are completely stupid with no common since because it's to difficult to understand the simplest of task's da dunt da <propfirst>           
want's to know what's going on tonight?
such a beautifull day with a awesome view can't get any better then this!!!
can't wait to see who has been running through my apt i'm putting in a alarm system and camera's so if your that stupid to run in my place again your going to do five to ten mother fucker
what a beautifull friday morning everyone enjoy and have a wonderfull day!!!
everyone have a wonderfull day i'm sick as a dog so im staying at home  
i absolutely love the view i receive from my apt of tulsa freaking awesome!!!
everyone have a wonderfull day and a good morning  
it's friday !!! have a great day and remember don't work to hard think smart 
love this sunday so beautiful 
it is time to <propfemale> and play some halo reach on the big screen!
still dark hard to wake up      
everyone have a good day  
went in early and got off early perfect day for it 
everyone have a hap happ happy friday!
why is it when ya get told not to involve feeling's then two week's later they want to ask you what were doing girl get ya head right in come back when you arn't completly insane
double standard's are bull        
"the week is half way over, only two more day's!"
"it's finally friday can't, wait till this time tommrow!!!"
"monday's are long in boring no one want's to be their glad this one is over with, till next week         "
"already it is turning into one of the best weekend's in a while          , can't complain on this beautiful morning "
had one awesome saturday and wouldn't want anything to be different 
i love hearing from people you haven't talked to in a while  
the night is young and also so beautiful what to do?
has to go to the grocery store sometime today     
happy halloween to all and to all good night 
why is it alway's the little thing's in life that hold you back?
is ready to do something       ?
is tired of of people complaining when it's your own damm fault!
happy thank's giving everyone!!!
"have a good friday everyone, cause i know i will!!!"
<propfemale> you should of hit me up in stead of kickin it with those looser's
life is so funny how some thing's just turn out 
that is how it is done ou!
is ready for a <propmale> change in his life and turning back!
"allright everyone, heres the question oof the day  what's your best pickup line? give me your best  smile "
i am so ready to make a move on this foxy ass little thing!
need something to do since i quit smoking green i can't sleep good anymore what to do?
ive hav got to accomplish some type of goal this year 
is up way to early!
this is one cold ass morning 
everyone hav a good day at work and if not it's your own dam fault 
"i am worn out today, worked my arse off ready to relax!!!"
is so glad to be at home after a hard ass day at work thank god i hav off all the rest of the week!!! yeah         
can't wait to see a red <propfemale>!!!
soooooo ready to do this damm thing            ! come on <propfemale> do your thing!!!
time to get fucked up !  no work for the rest of the week  happy holiday's!!!
just enjoying the time off can't get any better at this moment 
what to do on this cold night?
everyone hav a good day!
had a awesome night time to go to sleep ! everyone sleep well i know i will!!! peace out                
is ready for another great time warehouse party hell's ya!!!
everyone hav a good night sleep well!
everyone hav a good day at work and drive safe!
me love eggroll and rice long time             
ready to get down 
everyone hav a great sat night i know i will 
i really hope something good comes my way this year!
everyone hav a great day and don't work to hard !
can't wait till this time friday!!!
time to go to the <propfemale> in back!                   peace out!!!
worked a straight 19 hour's i'm tired everyone hav a good night i know i'll be sleeping for the rest of the it 
so bored 
this time tommrow will be grand!
had an awesome time last night helped write some lyric's and then went out on the town thank's everyone for making me get out!
ready for tonight can't wait to <propfemale> with stormi again she is so awesome were almost just a like!
had another amazing night out with this awesome girl don't want to put to much into it other wise she'll leave so just keep your finger's crost for me!
just got home after being at work sick all day time to watch tv and lay down!
i'm in love with this 70 degree weather please stay and <propfemale> for a while longer!
wish i could go fishing today instead of working 
"so confused , what to do ?"
everyone have a good day don't work to hard either remember it's friday!!!
happy birthday <propfirst> alway's in forever will love ya man                      
<propfirst> i love you more than anything you will alway's be the closest thing ive ever been to anyone can't and wouldn't ever fill that empty hole it will forever be their for ya rip an<propfirst>                                                                                                
what to do tonight?
so glad to be off today!
watched basketball at white owl played some black op's and about to go out again! one full eventfull day 
"everyone hav a good night , cause i'm out peace!"
off work early tavern here i come!
this is my friday ive got off the rest of the week to relax hell's ya!
spring break fuck ya!!!
first day back to work after the long needed vacation don't know if i'm really ready to go back yet oh well kinda hav to anyway's  everyone have a good day!
life is so fucked what to do with the small problem's that we have and when we concur them why is it that even bigger issue's seem to pop up 
i'm so in love with this weather !
off work in ready to get down white owl here i come!
hey if anyone want's to get a hold of my i got a new # 918-932-4150
"ever feel so lost ya, can't find your self ? some times i wonder?"
ready to be off n <propfemale> out tonight!
it's never to late to try something new! fuck it 
life is to short to fuck around tired of playin and to be honest who the fuck cares?
