2ef7fe95e9a4526f17e9a4aa298a5faa
enjoying tahoe
is a freaking dragon dude!
been here for the past two days  still settling in   
just wrecked about 40 people over 2 and a half hours in volleyball
is seriously wondering how the first year of college is gonna end
is wishing yesterday could have gone better
tired of all the crap that keeps going down
repeat my last update      
is playing kh 385 2 days  soooooooo goooooooood
just finished kh 358  gooood game
"just epicly failed a wheelie on my bike, ripping my decent pair of jeans    "
lold when someones phone did the power rangers communicator beep in physics class  laugh d
is starting to feel a little better   
i don't wanna change the world         i just wanna leave it colder        light the fuse and burn it up         take the path that leads to nowhere
its snowing!!!!!!!!!!!
here is my mask-----it looks just like yours  we cannot see what our masks look like while we are wearing them -sandworms of dune
omfg!!!! assassin's creed lineage on youtube!!!!
wants it to snow so he can get back on his board
bought my ski pass(check) have my board(check) have my gear(check) ride to mountain (check) been down each run on it several times(to be continued)  laugh ddd
tired of just college fatigue    man i just wanna get home
i cant wait to get back home and see everyone  only 2 weeks!!
lold all the way through men who stare at goats
"the path of life isn't one that is easily walked  sometimes it is straight and narrow, other times, its curved and broad  there will be hills to climb, and there will be bridges to cross  every step is another adventure, every breath a new day  i want to keep on walking, and i'm always here to stay"
is friggin psyched for next weekend  laugh ddd
yaaaaayyyyyy original code!!!!!!
halo legends is up!!!!!!  laugh ddddd
bahahahahaha <propmale> salvatin hack  smile   love 
ever feel a day just slip from bad to terrible?    
now back from terrible to bad
"walk the line, live on the edge, push the limit    today's society has so many phrases for living in a state of stress and hardship  but almost none of them focus on the emotional aspect of it, and that leaves out the greater part of human e playful erience, so why the hell do we not focus on our personal feelings? (just random thought, i swear on my life)"
just had a day on the mountain snowboarding  started at 9 20 ended at 2 50  what a great day
happy new years
"another year done  another to begin  all that ends begins a new cycle  each rotation brings something new, a new adventure, a new friend, a new e playful erience  who's ready to join me on this new adventure?"
just unlicked the hidden ending in khii!!! and still not tired of it  laugh dd
just lost a drake with full loads of ammo and equipment   im sad    
now to board all day then come back and do all the homework i neglected to do this weekend  laugh ddd
"had fun boarding, losing my wallet, not so much    "
just lold at the after episode of this weeks bleach release
sometimes you have to look through darkness to see the light
awesome super bowl game
bioshock 2 comes out tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!
best rvb quote ever: wash; i told them caboose did it  apparently they already have a shortcut on their keyboard for recording his team kills  caboose: control fu
"okay, i have to give this guy props for doing the almost impossible: http annoyed  videogames yahoo com events playback playback-106 1392129"
crossed a new line of nerdiness: i have <propfemale>ted editing the <propfemale> wars wiki   how did it take this long? lol
ronin warriors: your mother wears army boots!!     best comeback ive heard in a long time
*sigh*
long live rvb!!!
whoohooo!!! thuuunnnndddeeerrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the weather cant make up its mind: <propfemale> earlier this week, rainy tues and wed, now it rained in the morning and snowed in the afternoon, now its clearing up "
belligerent drunks   
all gamers: rvb revelation is epic
literally an epic fail: http annoyed  news yahoo com s space 20100429 sc_space hugenasascienceballooncrashesinaustralianoutback
"in a week, ill be back in cali    time go faster!!!"
"\no   i am your father \"""""
"done with finals   now to pack, then im home in 11 hours"
loved iron man 2
e playful resident <propfirst> is about to die!! whos happy other than me?
can i have <propfirst>'s mask? it is epic    
just sent the 360 for repairs    please come back soon!
*sigh*       
360 is repaired and on its way back!  laugh dddd
fuck    extended warranty e playful ired in jan    goodbye $119     
ca'nara ba nuhoy
<propfemale> copanii slanar to <propfemale> wars bes'laar? (who wants to go to the <propfemale> wars concert?)
haat o'r an nuhune
got hired at ihop on a walk-in! ^ ^
<propfemale> munn on daily show! i  love  this show even more ^ ^
"i'm so aisan <propfirst>, im ninja! (daily show)"
oh sweet jesus    tex is back    
fma is a terrific story  i recommend this to any and everyone
happy force of july!!
got graveyard again  this is gonna be interesting  
has found something even more evil than project soul     team ninja and their bastard mentor mode   
"       can boredom be considered a \normal\"" state of life?   """
is anyone free mon or wed next week?
back to colorado tmrw  sad to leave
first day of classes is over with  glad to be done
figuring out what to do the rest of college for classes      goodie
now onto the second week of college
new disturbed album: bought
fuck!! i just lost the game!
i still haven't got my peanuts
bored out of my mind
**begins hitting head against wall**
all <propfemale> wars fans: hk-47 lives again in swtor
"ah liar liar, you make life so much fun  smile "
anyone else bored with nothing to do?
fire alarm at 5 this morning   fml
resident evil afterlife: good  wesker coming back from the dead again: annoying as hell
whos not going to be sleeping tonight? me!!!  laugh dd
plasma launcher is to be called gue-gun
got reach suckers!!!
my past 48 hours: awake from 7 am mon to 3pm tues then asleep from 330pm tues to 730 am wed  lol
lost my ipod    fml   
whats everyone up to tonight?
does anyone else get the feeling that they are looking at the ffvii planet when they play reach?
aaagggghhhhh      headache       osiiiiiiikkkkk!!!!!!!
"phone gave out on me  if you need to get a hold of me, go through facebook"
"wow   reach has affected me so much that i just read through the entire wikipedia set on marathon   i'm such a nerd, lol"
woohoo! two resident evil movies in two days! (including tmrw)
wow   went to see afterlife again   only me and one other dude were there  playful 
who else has homework that they need to do but have absolutely no drive to do it?
who's ready for the reno ride? meeee!!
completed reach on legendary    alone     never doing that again
"one flight down, one to go"
"wants to be at hermosa beach, not lax"
didnt i just leave the rain?
sometimes silence is golden   other times its not welcome
"\one thousand <propmale> away there's nothing left to say but so much left that i don't know we never had a choice this world is too much noise it takes me under it takes me under once again\""- rise against"""
"\you only get one continue buddy\"""""
"\you're not supposed to remember\"" <propfirst>"""
ner norac kadala     
thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday! it means a lot and i hope to see you all soon!
misses chrome and his computer letting him do what he wants on it   
hates his computer with all of his being
who wants to go see jackass tomorrow?
is ready to begin bashing his head into the wall because ie is such a bad browser   
missed chrome and is glad its back
too many good movies on    when to eat     
yay niners!!
"put this as your status if you know, or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  people must understand that the empire is a band of murderers bent on universal domination  the rebel alliance seeks peace for the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy & paste this "
new halo books coming in 2011!!!!
just spent 2 hours reading wookieepedia    im such a nerd   
always enjoys watching gladiator
who else is excited for force unleashed 2?
daily show is epiiic
kinda likes the new 360 start up
has completed a months worth of daily challenges 
ni ru verbori te omnibus be bob'ika     ori'kandosii!!!!
has to wonder   how many times has <propmale> killed been reborn?
has reached the conclusion that he is a fandalorian
realized he really misses nation-ball   what about you guys? zach nichelman <propfirst> dodson <propfirst> thackrey jonny mandio
went to sleep at about 8pm   woke up at 2am   then slept till 7  by my count thats about 10 hours of sleep   wtf??
"as ruthless as death itself,\the pitiless face of the jedi's wrath,\let us look down on all who are before us \brothers all, one heart of justice  \<propfemale> "
"hates the airport connection, but soooo ready to be home"
stoked to go to the cal game today!
home and loving it
wants to know who is on jacen's throne of balance   
change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same  the point of the game? to have no human faces on facebook only childhood memories by monday to fight child abuse  copy and paste to spread the word 
my brain literally just shorted out while doing homework   i cant focus at all and nothing is making sense
crtl-fu  who knows what this is?  playful 
"oya, all you <propfemale> wars geeks! bow down and show reverence for this day, december 6, the day that kotor 2 came out"
just opened a poptart package that had 3 in it    score!
press like if you are glad you ever met me  set this as your status and see what you get 
sw fact: anakin skywalker's life was balanced between the light side and the dark side for 23 years each 
"in my cognitive psych class today annoyed berta: what's a chihuahua, a rat?\me: no, a chewtoy \berta: look at vick over here\<class laughs>\\god i love this class"
hates papers with all his being   
my bite has changed    dammit    my jaw is sooo tense    
saw a little yamaha 50 tied to a bike rack    that just made my day
time to begin the countdown to mass effect 3 (one year and counting)    stoked
saw about 16 shooting stars in the past hour  thank you insomnia for that pleasant e playful erience
mass effect 2 just got funnier with the shadow broker dlc
friggin flight got delayed    
the last 36 hours of my life have absolutely sucked
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
another day in socal done  ready to be home
is ready to be home now
its nice to wake up in my own bed
time for a shark to eat a <propmale>
who wants to see tron tomorrow?
ok   tron kicked ass
bored out of my skull at home  who wants to <propfemale>?
gone riding 
where did the last hour go?
"tahoe, here i come"
lunch on the mountain  yummeh
just ate it  arms throbbing 
just ate an entire large papa murphys pizza   i'm a fat ass
you can sit on the felt finger!!     god i love daily show
"another break done, another reason to stay   this pattern is pissing me off"
made it to my flight without an ulcer  win!
back in boulder
good <propfemale> see snow in colorado again
just found out one of my classes i had planned to take got dropped    just what i friggin need    
just got two cuts on the same hand and i have no clue how they happened   
nothing like a good workout to start the semester off right
i keep finding scrapes and cuts over my body   this is pissing me off
"<propmale> weeks is edging into my \favorite author\"" slot"""
craaaaap     
whats harder? my head or the wall im staring at?
you can only see your support when you stop and look back 
too many good movies on today   so much for being productive
noting like a talk with someone special to help you through a rough patch
just saw a mythic rank player 0 o
"you? say? <propfirst> swift, i? say?? disturbed you say lady gaga, i say evanescence you? say miley <propmale>, i say? slipknot you say t-pain, i? say three days grace you say eminem, i say?? linkin? park you say <propmale>? brother, i say?? green day you say flowers, i say skillet 92%? of teens have turned?? to pop and hip-hop  if you are? part of the 8%? that still listens to real music, copy and paste this "
yay snow and no waterproof jacket   
that was the worst hour ive ever spent on a bus   
the lemans lives again!!!!!!!!!!!
nothing like a couple plates of pasta to leave ya with a borderline food coma
i lost the game!
that was the weirdest night of sleep that ive had in a while   
has decided to hold off buying dead space 2 for a year   this is gonna be difficult   
gotten bitch-slapped by reality   again  i'm almost used to it by now
nothing like a good book high 
\hey! come on," i'll be your lightning rod of hate \"" -colin\"2ef7fe95e9a4526f17e9a4aa298a5faa,just realized he prefers any environment where he can't hear ringing in his ears
hates his itunes movie player   
"\silence! i keel u  \"""""
whos ready for a below freezing day tmrw?
yaay! a day under 5 degrees! lets see who gets frostbite last!  playful 
who wants to catch a movie tomorrow?
found my good sunglasses!
owwwww      
another friday night with nothing to do
got a haircut! finally don't have to deal with all that hair anymore
who else doesnt want to go to class tomorrow?
