10b4ab26a8b04e1c24600208c165a6ab
ugh!!! can't believe i had to make a whole new facebook!
"so, you would think when i say i don't like you on a daily basis, you would get the picture  but noooo! it seems some people enjoy constant, relentless rejection   smh"
i personally don't understand why people have to make things more complicated than they really are   smh
mall cops take their jobs way to seriously! haha
i don't understand how bunnies and eggs have anything to do with easter   
i really don't like trying to e playful lain things to unintelligent people   smh
"2 wrongs dont make a right    but shiiit,, 2 negatives make a positive    smile "
people say they love each other then break up a few days later   smh
"today in apush we were talkin about the philippines and that reminded me that my best friend, <propfemale> <propfemale> castro-pasive, isn't here  crying "
ugh! so bored! text me if u have the the number  ask me if u dont   smile 
my ankle hurts but playing basketball soccer was so much fun!  smile 
the things that people stress over are often irrelevant in the long run 
i dont see the point in making things more difficult than they have to be   smh
so   i tried to ignore it today  didn't quite work for me  we'll see about 2morrow   
field trip tomorrow!!! i get to miss 1-3 period! whoo hoo!!!
i dont understand why someone would go out with one person when they like someone else   smh
relay for life in a lil while  smile 
jus got home  had a pretty   eventful night  smile 
omg! if u have something to say to me just say it  no need to make things difficult 
had a pretty good day so far  wink 
seriously?! what i do outside of skewl is none of ur business  so keep my name outcha mouth! ok? thanks
uhm   yea   just cuz i talk to u doesn't mean i like u like that  sorry to burst ur egotistical bubble   
"anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart  smile "
i think that everything happens to you for a reason  but it's ur choice whether or not u wanna accept it 
i don’t get why some girls find it necessary to dumb themselves down to 'impress' a guy  smdh
"cute enough to make you look twice, sweet enough but not always nice, kinda crazy but not too wild, the kind of girl that will make you smile  smile "
it would be so much easier not to care   
"i dont get it when someone says paper beats rock in paper scissors rock, what happens if i threw a rock at u and all u had was a piece of paper to defend urself"
"so   i'm the kinda person that will go into wal-mart, open a pack of skittles, throw them at people and say, \taste the rainbow!!!\"""""
"computer games dont affect kids; i mean if pacman affected us as kids, we'd all have been running in dark rooms and eating magic pills to repetitive electronic music"
"i wonder   do children in <propfemale> ever push their eyes together and say \i'm american!\""?"""
sometimes i just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say 'you're it!!' and then run away!
"if you don't like how i roll, get off the hill! (hahaha)"
don't hold on to feelings that cause you pain
"you make my life so complicated and the worse part is, i dont think u even realize it   smh"
i'm sorry    did i just roll my eyes out loud? (hahaha)
it saddens me to see those people who don't know how to live unless they're in a 'relationship'   smh
jus got home  tyeecha <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfemale> young! do the roar! i love you daddy! lmfao! crazy times!
tomorrow's my last day!!! whooo hooo!!!
up in new york  smile  so excited for tamecka thompson's wedding! love you cuz!
omg! my family is crazii!!! gotta love dancing with jamaicans  smile 
i seriously love being in new york  wink 
hmmm   so   it seems u were a waste of my time   next!
"if my friends jump off a bridge, then i guess i'll have to stand there and wave because i'm not that stupid  (hahahaha)"
i know that some things are better left unsaid   but you can bet i'm probably going to say them anyway!  smile 
"if it wasn't for crazy people, the world would be a boring place  i\like to think that my insanity adds to helping the world become a\better place  smile "
it takes skill to trip over flat surfaces and even more skill to trip up the stairs  smile 
"when someone squints and says they can't see something, it makes me wanna slap them and say 'open your f****** eyes then you idiot' (hahaha)"
"some say, \guns don't kill people  people kill people \"" well i think\",10b4ab26a8b04e1c24600208c165a6ab,lakers won!!! whooo hooo!!!!!
i'm so bored  i think i'll throw skittles at people to see how many of them look up to see if it's raining 
"i'm amazed at the number of people who don't know the difference between their, there, and they're  (smh)"
ever noticed that things are so much funnier when you're not supposed to laugh?
i wonder if lady gaga dresses up as a normal person for halloween     
"1) go to google ca 2) type \how to find <propmale> norris\"" 3) click the \""i'm feeling lucky\"" button 4) read     (hahahaha)"""
i really don't see how some guys can walk with their pants sagging around their knees  i'm going to laugh so hard when you finally trip 
just got back to ga and i saw tyga at the airport  smile 
"i'm pretty much destined for greatness  i'm \just pacing myself so i don't freak you out  (hahaha)"
ugh! my phone is being bipolar!!!
"if ignorance is bliss, there are a lot of happy people around"
ask me anything in my inbox and i'll give you an honest answer  smile 
ugh! too many thoughts rolling around in this head of mine   
"why is it such a bad thing to have your cake and eat it too? it's my cake  why can't i eat it? what, should i have mine and go eat someone else's?"
"i might just have to shove a sham-wow down your throat  with any luck\ it will soak up all that shxt your talking (lmao!)"
so   in atlanta it's illegal to tie giraffes to street lamps   smh   how to they come up with these things
just made dinner  yummmmmm  smile 
hmmm   so   u want me to care what u think? sorry? ur opinion is irrelevant 
sooo   i love how my phone just chooses to stop working at random times (-__-) just got it workin again  smile 
it's funny how u found my <propfemale> and we have no mutual friends   
<propfemale> <propfemale> castro-pasive don't mess with me! for i am a ninja; therefore i have super secret ninja powers  and you wanna know what i can do with those powers?? i can kick you in the <propfemale> (just thought i'd throw that out there again! hahaha)
"it's funny how u can post a status about me, yet u can't say anything to my face  smh"
so   u get mad at me for not texting callin u   but the phone works both ways   hmmmm
you make such a big deal out of the most ridiculous things   smfh
some people just look flat out creepy
thursday and friday don't count  school officially starts tomorrow
smh   some people try too hard (ha!)
hmm   soo  i don't like you  could you stop tryin to add me? thanks
"the next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em  do it and say, \mosquito\"" and quickly walk away  smile """
i can probably always find song lyrics that describe exactly what i'm thinkin
whoo hoo! we won all our games!
you read my status to find out what i'm thinking? here's a thought   you could just ask
there's a difference between having fun and playing games
"to those people who called texted me earlier, sorry  i temporarily misplaced my phone  smile "
"just be yourself, if you know who that is"
i thought about being offended by your actions but then i decided just to laugh at your stupidity
"you say i've changed? yea, i have  it's called growing up"
"you wanna act uneducated, go ahead  but i'm not about to dumb myself down for you"
"hmmm   what to do, what to do   "
my opinion of you has changed for the better  smile 
so complicated   smh
sooo   i'm the type of girl that can smile just to hide what i'm really feeling   
so fake   smh
i like it on the counter  smile 
tournament tomorrow   gotta wake up at 5 in the am   oh joy -_-
skewl tomorrow -_-
life should come with background music
hmmm   i thought you were worth it   guess you weren't   smh
"this one, that one, on to the next one  smile "
at yhc with <propfirst>!  laugh 
ha! you were cute   until you started talkin
"so   i wanted to go to the party tonight, but i can't  great -_-"
according to tyeecha <propfemale> and destiney watson i'm high class!!! (insider) hahaha!
it's funny how you think you got me  ha! #notevenclose
some people make too big a deal out of the smallest situations #dointoomuch
"people e playful ect us to be understanding all the time, but how can we when there's so much unnecessary violence and cruelty in the world? r i p  <propfirst>"
"just because i smile, doesn't mean i'm happy"
"we see each other everyday, yet we barely speak  #needstochange"
volleyball and track at nhms? no thanks  i think i'll stick with chhs
so i probably won't be able to get a new mountain bike until spring   great -_-
"i was once asked if i could live without music  i said i could exist, but that wouldn't be much of a life "
ha! it's funny how you have no idea   wow   
i don't understand why people stay with someone who's constantly doing them wrong   smh
so close yet so far away   
             blah    
"yea you caught me looking at you, but i caught you looking back"
don't try so hard #notcute
there are certain people i can talk to when i'm not in a good mood  you're not one of them
there's always that song that hits home  smile 
just got done with the chorus concert   we were   interesting lolz
"i don't care how cute you are  if you have a bad attitude, i'm not gonna wanna talk to you"
why do people insist on talking to me when i have my headphones on? smh
gotta love the holidays  laugh 
some things just don't require a comment   
i'm really not looking forward to wakin up for skewl in the morning -_-
"if you're illiterate, please don't attempt to talk to me  smh"
hmmm   i wonder if they're gonna cancel skewl tomorrow too   
looked out my window and saw these little kids slippin and fallin on the ice  i probably shouldn't laugh but it was tooo funny! hahaha
sooo i'm not really looking forward to stayin home tomorrow   
the game has some changes this season   hmmm   
we don't have skewl tomorrow   again -_- this makes no kinda sense
it's funny how cute you think you are   smh
ignorance is bliss? i wouldn't know   
you post a status then get mad when i don't comment on it  here's a thought: just ask me directly   smh
why do people insist on saying things that make them seem like they have no sense? smh
i don't feel like goin to skewl tomorrow   but i also don't feel like makin it up during break
last week before break and my birthday!  laugh 
i admit i sometimes pretend that i'm using my phone in uncomfortable situations lolz
"watchin my favorite movie, titanic  laugh "
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  laugh 
why do some music videos have nothing to do with the song?! smh
i don't understand why you would go out of your way to typ3 lik3 di$ and e playful ect me to read it #outtacontrol
i hate when guys get elaborate designs in their hair because when it grows out it looks a hot mess #dontdoit
ya gotta be bold  wink 
there's a difference between me thinking you're cute and me finding you attractive
kiss with eyes closed  can't see but i can feel  smile 
why would i trust you if you constantly lie to my face? smdh
"if you're still messin with your ex, what makes you think i would be into you? #nothappening"
if you don't like opinionated people i would recommend you not talk to me
if you're fake don't talk to me  i don't have the time or the energy to waste on you   smh
i've come to know that people rarely say what they mean
