b89502f9522b62cdfa4bf2a59f3d7a59
"super bored, studying for a psychology test tomorrow   "
i am going to make dinner today    maybe    haha    jk of course i will or else mom and <propmale> will starve!!
everybody gets 1    1 liver haha delicious!!!
getting ready to go @_@
waking up early to wash!! but now it's gonna take longer when there aren't enough driers    awesome!     sure    it is    maybe    in an alternate universe    
made chicken <propmale> with pasta      yay!
lazy lazy lazy
f*cken internet  troubled 
waiting at home for my other in class in four hours t_t
i should be studying    but the internet is in front of me right now    at least i finished my homwork for calc and jpn!!
pokemon!! gotta catch 'em all!!!
watching south park cheezing episode hahaha
coffeecoffeecoffee the tree is looking in on us       
"rode her new scooter! it was awesome, but such a hard workout, i am sweating but now i feel good yay!"
excited for the new left 4 dead 2 to come out  annoyed !!!
just put up a sign stating i have no <propfemale>   
i should be doing math homework    
thinking of buying a camera    but not sure    
i dyed my hair!! woo
monkeys are crazy!!! ~ ~
inorganic chemistry! it's awesome!!
oh noes i am up early on the weekend!! and it's foggy outside woo!
i am super lazy ~ ~ and hungry    very hungry
excited for tomorrow  laugh 
i want to cut my hair    but i don't know where to go (t-t) and i don't know what style to go for    i want a short hair cut    
i am hungry - - and sleepy
speed tournament!!!!
excited to go home tomorrow
dude    idk    this year was whatever - - next year will be better as long as i work harder and still stay chill   
    new years <propfemale> this year turned out to be very interesting he  hehe    hehehe    yeah    not that bad lol
tomorrow morning    hopefully it goes well  laugh  i'm nervous - -
"fingers hurt, i am very <propmale> at this now    *sigh* haha"
excited for class tomorrow (@-@)
"it is raining outside, it has been raining all week - - i miss the sun! i still need to go to one more class, t-t"
it's such a beautiful day outside  annoyed 
meow =^- -^=
school is near < <   > >
"bio professor made an analogy of atp + amp <-> adp+adp to pokemon cards, it was awesome!"
wii fit    its interesting and fun  surprise 
"i should be doing chem homework, but now i'm distracted by watching netflix movies   "
so much gym and exercising  it's hard to run further when you don't have a screen in front of you and a controlled jogging speed - -
"dear mom, you should tell me ahead of time    t-t"
is excited! i bought borderlands and the game is awesome  i like leveling up and adventure and all those weapons!!! super awesome - -
sooo picnic day's ending was pretty interesting  didn't think it would end with some guy offering me odd things    
meow     ask me a question and i'll give you answer hehehe http annoyed  www formspring me amberpuff
"home home home in parlier, back in parlier, to cause havoc    lol jk   "
woo summer school! how exciting    signing up for npb and phy what an exciting time it will be   
mom you are awesome! you helped me out with a lot! i will do my best!
how the heck did i become the fan of the <propfirst> vick fan club???
hmmm makeup is getting weird to get used to    i accidentally rubbed my eye and i smeared my eyeliner i think  sad 
"the weather is getting warmer, i'm getting excited for summer! i want to go to the pool! and stay on the edge and hopefully i won't drown   "
"i want to make a shirt with the images from the original pokemon red and blue using bulbasaur, with the front of bulbasaur on the front of the shirt and the back image will be on my back, it'll be awesome!!!"
"thank you big <propmale>, you gave me hope to smile at people without being scared now!!"
"sooo robot unicorn attack eh? yeah, totally confused by it haha"
rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble
i'm glad to be back in the reigns of my pokemon training life  now to catch up from where i left off and be a pokemon master!!!
"one weekend by myself! woo! i guess, i should get to doing homework or something   "
seriously thinking about making a time machine   
"exciting physics, at least got my stuff done and now i will be off - -"
yesterday was very fun! went with <propfemale> to the mall! i bought cute dresses for summer and one for my sister's first communion this weekend  excited to go home and do nothing (- -) lol i get to see my familia!
yeah    trying to study for my midterm on thursday! yayyyyy!!! staying up without coffee is pretty tough   
got an interview this tuesday night for unitrans! i'm excited!! does anyone know good ideas for business casual dress? i wanna drive a bus!
"glad my summer will be occupied with school and (hopefully) work, otherwise i'll be stuck with 3 months of just gaming and going to the pool   "
biking to campus! it's becoming a reality!
woo! start classes for unitrans training tomorrow! i hope i pass! i'm excited to be a bus driver (><)
everybody likes to punch people in the face! o joyful o
"i miss you meowburt, this wknd we'll get an alarm    my gaming friend is going to help me hopefully   "
"20 yrs from now, i wonder what things will be like   "
"exciting, was a bit frustrated so just took off in meowbert and went west on 80, i don't know where i went, but i came back lol"
"awesome night of procrastination! swimming in the pool, snow cones, industrial fans, and home made ice cream creations, college life is awesome!!!"
"    hmm 3 more japanese, physics, chemistry! woot!!!"
"ask me a question! help me procrastinate! \http annoyed  www formspring me amberpuff\copy and paste"
does anyone know how much it costs for a new sound system in a car? i just want a basic one   
"oh meowburt, you are super awesome!"
must find a way to buy all these comics!!
let's procrastinate and watch netflix!!! or play lego <propfemale> wars  surprise  woo for xbox live!
rockband and ice cream!!!! woo!!!!!
i worry about this new generation    and their ideas of good literature   
- - the world cup is on    england vs usa   
omg nekkid people   ????
let's kill some time and make a night rainbow     wink 
this friday     (- -) that sucks  sad 
"i may look young, but i have more responisibility than you  i have no cosigners on any of the things i own or owe "
"<propmale> \nothing is ever boobs or ice cream\"" that made me lol"""
i thought this was a cool video (- -) http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=y1vc9utk8me
so    here in <propmale>    should totally go to sleep right now    yay!
"okay    recommend some music to me guys! i wanna fill up my ipod, so far i have 3 8 hrs of music  playful , hopefully this wknd i'll get some"
it's hot    stayed up watching avatar went to look for a panaderia and went to eat pupusas with <propfirst>!!
mmm quickly tea is yummy go npb 100
summer session darn you darn you and the fact that it's hot and i have to study with no ac
woo! sunroof tinted!! 5%! now i can have my sunroof uncovered while i'm driving  playful 
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow     bored    should really be studying more    but going to grandparents! woo!
"awww man, yesterday was fun, now i got to buckle down and study today!!"
"exciting day, saw toy story 3 and <propmale> out with my awesome best friends today!!!"
"first \fantasy girl\"" now \""california girls\"" my neighbor freaks me out a bit   """
so bored    - - what to do what to do    
exhausted    two days of biking to and from school - -
so scared someone called me from a number with the 530 area code ~o~ and knew my name! i wish they'd text back   
it's getting warm    ewww    smelly    hahaha    i am excited the summer session is almost over!
i can't print out my notes    darn you mr printer      playful 
"at\least tomorrow is the last day  it might have two finals, but at least\it'll be quick    but i am not saying it'll be painless   "
one more final    have to bike to it    the no gas light came on   
finally i am done! the bike ride back from campus helped me relax after that long test! but now i'm sweaty    ew haha
    what time to go back to <propmale>    - -
got back from work    from 10-5 it was fun and now i'm all sweaty and smelly from being outside looking at the buses!!
"my eyes    my eyessss!! so tired    haha, now to find something to do      surprise "
it was a good day haha
"11 more bosses, and i will have passed final fantasy!!"
i'm freaking out?i have a test for work coming up    and it's out of nowhere d:
"okay, just a mix up with another <propfemale>  so thank goodness no test yet  laugh !"
finally chapter 12    should i stay up and play    or go to sleep    hmm    i'm getting hungry (t-t)
it's hot d: i would have preferred working this weekend    at least tomorrow i have something to do    give my car an oil change  laugh 
yes    now meowburt has his oil change and my tummy is filled with yolo <propfirst>! yay! now what to eat for dinner    if i don't skip it    finally on chapter 13 on ff13 yes >o<
beat final fantasy 13 finally  what a twist! - - hehehe
lol fried chicken flu  surprise  but it looks so delicious
so glad   to be home    long day of work    and work tomorrow again d:
"i love taco trucks    thank you wrong turn, if it wasn't for you, i wouldn't have had tacos    mmmm"
"it's a meteor shower tonight, i've always wanted to see one  it makes me wish i had a telescope; i've always wanted one, for the longest time ever!!"
"i hate dreaming about zombies    now instead of biking, i need to do running, on actual ground not on a treadmill, because i don't think zombies will <propmale> you on treadmills   "
"why does my work schedule not pop up until late at night    oh well, i'll most likely work early   "
"anyone know this number? 5597437311\got a random call from it   "
"work was long    got out at 11 smile 0, with haunted buses and whatnot    lol"
"meow    meow    meow    next week for sure coming home, car payment is due  playful "
"could today be anymore \exciting\"" lol"""
"i miss food, i want papas con chorizo, with frijoles, and tripas in chile verde, and menudo! i want menudo!!!! >o<"
very nervous and excited     laugh  o~ joyful ~o  =^o o^=
    argh!!! i just want some damn waffles    mmm eggo waffles    i know what i'm going to do   
"so scared, the test is right around the corner  laugh  i hope i pass in one go    "
"this was the worst night ever!!! it was so hot  so glad to be home in parlier, now i have ac!!!!"
i love to play pokemon! i finally beat the elite four!!!
so happy! i had breakfast at my ninas (grandmas) i missed eating her delicious food  so good and super full!
"car still not done, i can't wait to get back to work next week! i can't wait for another exciting adventure of     working on my car!"
"waiting for his call, so i can get my car done      dx"
where's mom  surprise  now i am waiting    blah blah blah   
happy at my nino's house the avocado is finally fruiting got to come home when they are ready! and mexican pan so yummy!
"note to self, next time i come down, bring more clothes, especially nice ones, so i can go everywhere!!!"
"uhhh, books are going to kill me, need to find money to buy them early and i don't think i can rent them   "
so hungry    so hungry    i don't know what to eat    any suggestions?
"making beans for burritos, wish i had a tortilla thingie to make nice round flour tortillas, it's hard with a rolling pin   "
"hahaha finally got all 50 oysters in gta, now no woman will resist me lol"
woo!!!! woo! watching cars go down pole line lol!
so many missions  the neochu one is so tough    i keep dying (t_t) i want those growth eggs!
"looking back at the past year    so many things that i wish hadn't happened did, but lets look to the future and study hard!!!"
i still had a great time  sad 
    should i make a wannabe pizza?
i am happy!!! so happy!
ugh! 5am 5am!!!
hmmm     4am 4am!!!! lol
"in parlier, and super hungry t_t"
wooooooooo!!! hanging out with my best friend <propfemale>!! crazy! ahhh! lol
slow day    slow day  laugh  ahhh!!!!! so hungry      don't want to leave and lose my parking spot  sad 
never knew beer could taste like a smokey bonfire in my mouth    
staring at my hamster    she is such a chubby little ball of fluff lol she really likes those sunflower seeds!
<propmale> is such a nerd    she smells like weird <propmale> lol    so hungry    so hungry    d:
"finally back in <propmale>, now i have work  playful  at least it won't be so long  laugh "
"work, so tiring    yeah    but totally awesome right now  laugh "
"i\m freaking out    but it's for no reason at all    hmm    need to chill    lol"""
"okay    i think i'm sick    d: nose stuffy, throat weird    oh well lol"
"school tomorrow finally!!! it feels like forever, next summer i need to actually spend time with my family   "
"aww, call from out of state and i missed it d: don't know who it was though    "
"\i'm the nra and i voted!\"""""
yeah    <propmale> eastwood is on my wall  playful 
????????? tot
anybody coming up to sacramento wanna give me a ride back down to parlier  playful 
"yeah, finished physics!!!  playful "
parlier here i come  laugh 
"i wish i knew how to sew, because i wanna be a cactus for halloween!"
"nothin' but a g thang\lol that made my column 70!!"
why did the storm back home have to be last night and not when i was there so sad    i like thunderstorms    not rain storms  playful 
i really enjoy this organic synthesis homework    - - i should have started it earlier   
"anyone want to go to blackdiamondskye tour in san <propfirst>    <propfemale> in chains, the deftones, and mastodon    those bands are awesome  laugh "
had an awesome day! i like my pumpkin!
defrost faster chicken!! i want to eat you before my turn in shift!!!
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
where are you?  sad 
yay!!! size 14 fit again a year ago i was 18! i am so happy!!!
"ugh    that made my stomach drop staring at that picture    on the side of the screen   \i wish i had a costume!! it would have been awesome while i was working!!!!"
this was a good morning! woke up to a warm bowl of menudo!  laugh 
    why do i treat my car like a bus sometimes? i've been moving my left foot to signal   
i saw turkeys! i just saw these big things moving on the side of <propfemale>    and they were turkeys!!!
okay    weekend almost here    thank goodness  sad 
"what is a good way to spend a saturday night?  troubled \\studying! that's for sure! aannnnddd cracking nuts! walnuts    with a hammer   "
"first up, die hard"
"now running man! \lol the chicks name is <propfemale>"
demolition man!!!
"finally    starting on fallout again    this time all new because i had no idea what i was doing    \\midterms again  friday p  chem, monday, organic synthesis and jpn   "
taking learn how to swim and a hapkido class!!
who needs a campfire when you have a warm bus engine!
"chillin with my best friend!! \\btw fresno has new flyers! lol"
uhhhhh      organic synthesis    
"\i can't get away from you\""\",b89502f9522b62cdfa4bf2a59f3d7a59,"i can't wait for this week to be over with! i'm so tired and i can't wait until thanksgiving! gonna take the train i miss the amtrak! hopefully, i can take my bike and bike around parlier to make up for the food i'm gonna eat!"
"que casualidad \que nos encontramos \hoy en este <propfemale>   "
driving buses is fun!!! i can't wait for the uni apparel!
woo! parlier! tomorrow morning - -
mmm food was awesome! now to chill out and wait for an awesome day tomorrow  laugh 
i thought there was going to be a thunder storm     t_t i heard the thunder earlier    and now its gone tt_tt
here in <propmale> and its cold    anything to do     i don't know  sad 
i want menudo    that's all i want for christmas    menudo    and maybe some carnitas for dinner   
"screw you uwp, i'm gonna continue with japanese and taking medical entomology! woo!!!"
you got to send me the picture at the library!  laugh  i want it as my profile pic! haha!
next week is break    wee! just got to get through finals - -
watching revenge of the nerds    and since i started college    i have yet to see a person that looks like the nerds protrayed in this movie   
"lord of the rings in this weird 3d format on bluray its super in focus\me \this movie looks funny\""\",b89502f9522b62cdfa4bf2a59f3d7a59,"it looks so real, it looks fake   "
what to do on this exciting day?
why is everyone at <propfirst>'s today? - -
    making dinner    - - it's been a while since i've cooked a full meal   
best thing i've seen so far back home is a bus driver talking on his cell phone while driving   
i need to go out for a run    or something   
"i think i should be practicing my japanese, especially the kanji     - - e~ i should have brought the books   "
    i want earphones    - - skullcandy ones    must work more    but stuck in fresno  troubled 
where's the cactus cooler? - -
fallout new vegas    for $40    should i wait more   
woo lego <propmale> potter with cyrena!!!
from bumping tejano music and now its <propfirst> beiber oh how my uncle <propfirst> has grown
"mom is spoiled! she just got her wii, not just anyone the black one, so it can match her furniture"
next monday    next monday!!! it's too soon!!!  surprise 
i feel bad i took someone's parking spot     sad 
mmm chicharrones with chile and lemon! so good  smile 
woopty freaken doo    woopty freaken doo     - -
what to do? what to do? i guess study more    hapkido is so fun! i actually did a roll    it was exciting after i got over the fear of falling   
first swimming class! it was awesome! thank goodness it was a heated pool!
woo! 250 hours! otc training yeah!
woo! bus-parker tonight! who will i see today?  surprise 
"    save money for my new system, muffler, and air intake, orrrrr go to london and germany  surprise  such a tough decision   "
"today is such a beautiful day! sunshine, swimming! can't wait for summer! i'm going to water-park!"
despicable me is an awesome movie!!! it's so cute and adorable! it's so fluffy i can die!!
"$110 to fix something simple plus a consultation fee, screw you guys! i fixed it myself  playful "
"funnest class ever! hapkido! did kicking drills today, and now i can barely go up the stairs, but i can't wait to practice kicking more    i'm gonna kick your butt! you know who you are  playful "
"i'm thinking abs back conditioning next quarter along with aerobic kick boxing, and i think i might be doing midnight turn-ins again woo 23!!!"
"i left my car behind - - poor meowburt    all alone    cold    hungry    eh, i'll pick him up before work   "
it's funny how the original power rangers were actually the japanese power rangers super sentai    random ramblings from delirium    before the medicine has kicked in   
woo! slept so much so i can be ready for tipsy taxi  surprise !!! excitement!!!
i wish i could meet the old spice guy    mmm i bet he smells awesome   
catching up on some naruto    things seem to be getting heated - -
"there's always the one picture i look at to see how far i've gone, and to know i can keep going toward my goal! *summer d( joyful )b*"
i want car speakers  laugh  rawr!
woo on the side of the 80 kumar ran out of gas! at least i'm with you guys <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
okay stuff ready    now to leave and head home  laugh 
how am i going to spend <propfirst>'s day? driving <propmale> highers home and covering another shift! woot! and totally missing class because taking a 20 <propfemale> nap turned into missing all classes except work = =
rraawwwrr! o( troubled )o so excited!! <propfemale> vs  capcom 3 comes out tomorrow! i'm sad i didn't preorder it i wish i did! i couldn't have gotten some sweet decals!! i need to get it and practice! who's good at mvc? i need to go against you and train!
just realized i walked by what could be snoop dogg's rv    hehe
i made my breakfast burritos too big! i guess that's what happens when you buy the giant flour tortillas - -
"why'd i drive tt last night, i woke up so late - - and now i can't sleep d: rawr rawr dinosaur < o< idk    i want to make a dinosaur face nvm    just rambling   \tl laugh r i'm bored"
i love spending time with my mommy!!!  laugh 
geeze trying help my sister with weapons of choice on a monster and still goes ahead and uses another one against the fiend - -
i want cookies t-t mmm cookies   
"happy day to everyone here!  laugh  laugh  study hard, work hard, sleep  laugh "
"i'm craving an elote ~_~ mmm elotes    \~``~can't wait for summer! ~``~"
??????????? so apparently the brother drowned? okay    i just looked it up on the internet and yeah    junpei drowned so sad   
finally shifted down to d3 from d4 it was amazing  surprise  my car went from a higher speed to 65 in a shorter amount of time compared to letting go of the brake    oh the uses of this on the freeway  laugh 
waiting for the medicine to kick in    any moment now    i dislike coughing    and stuffy noses and slight fever    at least i don't have work tomorrow   
i wonder what people would think if i were just standing in the middle of tumbleweeds bushes     annoyed  just standing there   
just searched parlier in the urban dictionary - - random random   
cookie monster is my hero!!! (caps just emphasize how loud i want to be)
"free pancakes!!\i don't really like pancakes  indecision "
omg!!!!!! soooo excited  troubled  system of a down is having a show in mountain view in may!!!! this time i have no one to tell me i can't go!!!
whyyyyy am i awake tt_tt i keep thinking of too many things  troubled 
<propfirst> hatcher you suck!!! and <propfemale> burnfin playing along with <propfirst>'s game  troubled 
"<propfemale> burnfin agrees, i listen to some really random music   "
"i'm so lazy, but my goal is to have a body like <propfemale> <propfemale> hahahaha! yes i want to be 2d   "
today's day 4 hmmm    i should postpone it until tomorrow  laugh  i'm gonna show you my night hahaha!
totally missed the symposium - -
wth    my pandora just spoke spanish to me -_- whhaa?
omg! gangsta's paradise! i haven't heard this song in forever!
"??????????????\was it just me or did the grandpa look like colonel sanders?"
i think    i should make my own wheat bread  laugh  i already make my own tortillas anyways  playful 
otc done! yeah!! now to talk to <propfemale> and ask how many more hours until 500 (*~ wink 
rs 51-50 @ winco  surprise 
made homemade mayonnaise - -
<propfemale> \say you go to the airport," oh you don't go to airport huh?\"" \"b89502f9522b62cdfa4bf2a59f3d7a59,"someone cover <propfemale> nicolae column 58 s u tomorrow so she can work on her essay!  laugh  i'm 57 s u we can totally race (at speed limit of course), aannnddd you're getting a new flyer!!  laugh "
(*- wink  cute boy waved at me while i was driving hehe
"so everybody, because i am such a dummy i have lost my phone! so if anyone needs to get a hold of me, you can only do so by email or facebook (since i have no home phone)  btw i still have that *col 51* on thursday up for grabs if you want to help me out for my japanese class  laugh "
bonanas    bonanas    i am a sad panda t-t
man    no phone doesn't suck so bad i guess    makes things more mysterious haha    more like makes me think of when i was a kid   
the abbreviation for otc comes up in my chemistry notes and all i can think of is out of town charter (=_ smile 
"lol lent    when i was little, i thought it had something to do with lint   "
"last day of swimming class and that's when i finally learned how to swim! haha, guess i should try going to lap swim now  laugh "
i guess a trip to the meat market in woodland after work is in order  playful 
spicy spicy spicy! i love spicy chile! mmm  laugh 
yay a question  laugh 
??????????????????????????
i wonder who this person is - - hmm
finals - 15 33 break-19 85 spring-17 38 grand total of 52 58 hrs okay free for all here i come!!
they took my col 6 ti on wed spring quarter  sad 
yay! finally up!
apparently uws has haystacks - -
live with no regrets  playful  because there was a moment in which you wanted it to happen   
pi day!! pi day!! makes me wish i was a mathematics <propmale>   
"man    back from wal mart and bought some cheap phone until i return home to get one - - i just need dispatch's number again (>_>) at least if i get attacked, i can call someone  who am i gonna call? ghostbusters duh!"
"<propfemale> burnfin is singing a pirate's life for me, she looked up the lyrics    and listening to it right now and singing it    woo finals!"
"my sister, anaeli palomares, is freaking me out    she's telling me about a muffin she made for english class, named <propmale> jones  he wears a top hat and he's a supervisor at his moms bakery  someone bit him and he got a muffin transplant    <propmale> you are weird  playful "
60 hours    60 hours - -
it's like high school all over again  flip phone with no camera     annoyed  hahaha   
woo midnight ti oh it has been a while    getting random passengers and creepy too - - eh    at least i got to see a rabbit    that i almost ran over t-t
it's wednesday! yay! i can eat again  laugh 
"i just wanted to tell you, i really miss you, so much  you know who you are  when this is all over i will let you know how i feel  oh my xbox how i've missed you!"
<propfemale> burnfin has <propfirst> beiber on the brain hahaha
i think people are celebrating the end of finals right now    so much music  surprise 
"i wish i were a cat, so then i can just lay there and be lazy, followed by annoying people, and after that ignore people  smile  meow meow"
waiting for sabastian storm white belser  indecision the pad
can't breathe  surprise  meow! meowmeowmeow!! meow!! - - man    i hate being sick    i must not speak too much today  laugh 
1-2 business day!!! (*- wink 
darn you 4177! i only forgive you for having a first aid <propfemale>  playful 
meowburt is so cool now! he has hids  laugh  so bright (*0 wink  thanks for the late bday present  laugh 
kind of lazy to drive back to <propmale>  indecision  can't wait for summer    my car is gonna be different come fall quarter hopefully
mmm math 21c = naptime   
-_- meow meow meow     laugh  i    like    cake    mmm   
just saw a lady drive by wih herbhair caught in between the door    how does she not notice?
 sad  turn that frown upside down  smile  ha    ( _ )
1 54 more hours  troubled  and then its a go  laugh 
tipsy taxi? more like tipsy bus    my last a line was very rowdy    but reminded all our wonderful passengers of tipsy taxi today!! thursday is the new friday!
such a beautiful day! to wash clothes t-t
8 hours straight no break! my body survives on work (*- wink  ha    haha    oh joy d: huzzah picnic day  troubled 
