732752549344dea2fa5a61c865dd48e1
it's 43 minutes past 4:20     time to catchup
one anecdote of a man is worth a volume of biography
without a <propmale> heart wealth is an ugly beggar
hitch your wagon to a <propfemale> 
genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine percent per cent perspiration     {question: who spoke these words ] 
"who spoke these words, \all i know is just what i read in papers\""      clue date of birth 1879 death 1935"""
"i wonder what was going through christ mind today, 2000 years ago "
it's a great day for being alive 
"i just spoke with <propfemale> askew yates, <propfirst> passed away yesterday and she i trying to find his brother <propfirst>    please friends tell friends   i would hate to miss my sisters funeral                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
"spoke to <propfemale> askew yates,  <propfirst> passed yesterday, she is trying to find <propfirst> yates   if anyone has info please post "
please take this as kindly as i can say it with nothing but love   i don't like farmville or any net driven games   i am so sorry 
"<propfemale>, i am going to call "
there it is 420   everyone have a relaxed friday
arbitrary messages about a video on the net of me   grow a pair and send me a personal message of the sight   have some since of decorum
great day to be alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"gym, here i come   we need a pill to reverse this age process and as you breath you would burn 1000 calories   utopia "
"hey folks,  have a killer day   look outside   who could say there is no god   peace to all my peeps"
'cant sleep   i give up   get out the brushes and start something
"having a just so day, scroll down and listen to a tune to put like in perspective"
"what a day   breathe, yes i am talking to the voices in my head   got new paints today and it's time to create   best drug of all "
2 am and i am up again   start painting
i  am just over it 
"thanks <propfemale> for the gift   spirits were low yesterday and that is not my style   i can't believe i voiced it on face!  i am so glad of sweet friends such as yourself   today, a different light shines and my smile has returned   just look outside   god kissed this day especially for us "
to market to market we go   everyone have a great day   heading to market with <propfemale> <propfirst> wilkes cox morrison oberg   29 years and counting   thank god for lasting friends   dined with the ole  crew at sir pizza   oh what fun 
"to all my peeps, may this day be full of joy and fulfillment   if you feel unloved, listen to that voice in your heart   you are!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
off to market again with my <propmale> <propfemale>   slow starting but ready set go!    i feel 30 at heart but the body   good gosh where is my cane? and my teeth?
good night all and i pray we see a better tomorrow   good night peeps!!!
a group off us got together and celebrated <propfirst>'s birhtday
i'm out for the count
"everybody, this is going to be a great day!  right?"
my daily motivator:  belvedere vodka and chelsee handler
", coble needs to retire   we need a fresh republican in office   younger with an understanding of todays real issues"
"good morning all,  saturday and a funeral sounds like a movie but it is life   we have several around us suffering from family loss   time to take pause for that prayer cause "
good night peeps   church tomorrow!  have to bed down now
"how the heck is everyone today?  splendid day to lay in bed, but i am dressed and ready for a day with family "
beauty is truth and truth is beauty    keats
our lives are merely strange dark interludes in the electrical display of god the father!      eugene o'neill [strange interlude]
"sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all      oliver <propmale> holmes"
there's a sucker born every minute         pt barnum
money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul
another great day here on god's home for us in our earthly bodies 
there are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root      henry <propfirst> thoreau
chilly to night   be nice to be thinking that soon school will be out and we would have the whole summer to swim and play    so long ago   but it seems like yesterday!
"up early today, sister called and needs help at the store   not feeling it but family is family   i would swim to mexico for them   hope everyone has a great morning "
when i look a friends online the faces make me think that i am walking down old school halls   thought most of you graduated years before me!
the winds of the misguided and ill content are blowing again  
"this demon box is keeping up and way from more important things, the idiot box!  famous quote      <propmale> reddick on face book"
"commercial, what is going on?"
love all the music shares    i can depend on <propmale> to keep us up on the jazz   loads of talent right here on face book   i am fortunate to call you all friends   lets rock this day in  
happy birthdays to all who are celebrating today   must move off this box!!!!!
the mountain views hear are great   everyone needs a  vacation from life and archdale
"time has come for a little belvedere v  on the rocks    be responsible, invite others!"
still in the mountains and i lost my cell phone  what to do   chilax!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
time to head home
"well, back in archdale and i can't wait to go back    went to <propfirst> and stayed in weaverville outside of asheville   god's county   you can't dispute that fact  "
belvedere time   
can't believe how wonderful this day is    
"another wonderful day to go to church and be surrounded by those that love you   we are all blessed, big and small, seen and unseen for we all have a god given gift of love and the capacity to spread the love "
what a week    nice and cool in the mornings  good day for golf
another blessed day  truly   in my wicked childhood i must of done something good 
"i love the rain, but i have a yard to tacklel"
i don't have any nails boards or stuff to build things with    and if i had a farm or zoo   i would not name the animals   they will be diner
more farmville request  stop the maddness
belvederee time
this message goes out to the one who looks for misspelling on info pages   truly your an idiot  
kid sat for my best friend last night   47 and still sitting children   two good kids   amazes me that i remember when they barely spoke 
another great day   it's my nephews birthday today   he keeps getting older and i stay the same age 
"a new week, new scares, new out look  may peace be your guide through the day and your pillow when you sleep "
what a difference a day makes  
420 came early today   where does the time go?
<propfemale> seems to calm the beast in my heart     so when i hear words spoken by others but directly about me shows the level of integrity a person has and whether the example that you go to your brother or sister if you have issue    
walls of protection
"never left archdale, but pc didn't travel with me last night  good creative time"
listen to waves crash    
batteries are getting low  time to plug in and recharge
big head jocobs is in the house
"new morning,new day, new week and new everything   time to enjoy "
"<propfirst>, have a awesome day, time to see something new!"
morning has broken new things to be done  there is hope and joy for everyone   is that from a song?
"time to take stock of the important things   have you told your family you love them, is there someone you should call   is it time to take stock and review your moral compass?"
"heaven's gifts are waiting, are you there for the taking?"
there are dreams to be completed!
"who says dreams don't come true?  i have a confession, i am hooked on utube   hi my name is <propmale> and i am a utubeholic"
there is an answer     
"these days, are the best days i have ever lived  the only thing that is different is i realize i am blessed and have the compassion to care   thought i had lost that feeling"
nothing ventured nothing gained!
better to love and lost than to never loved at all 
violence is a solution for the weak of mind and a tool of the ignorant   i can name one
my computer is going to crash anytime   may be away for a month  info has my tele <propfirst>
crisis has been adverted    system is back in the game for now   would prefer to just get a new lap than have this one fixed
are you living or just existing?
my old computer is tired and has to go to the doctor   how i got on today is a miracle!
as long as this box has power we will have music!
another day and this crank case of a computer  is still working! freaking amazing!
where is the rain?
has anyone seen my sanity?
"if pluto was a dog, then what the heck was goofy?"
"half way to christmas, can everyone believe the year is half over?"
computer is back on the offensive  time will be the ruin of this computer
"how can a person be so blessed?  i don't deserve my good fortune, but i will bask in the sunshine of love i feel from close friends and family"
420 came early today!  oh friday
"well, this crank case decided to come to life again   this machine lives on the edge   inherent from the owner!"
computer is down   hope all are well    back on soon
com[uter is down
"due to a friend they <propmale>lowed me to use  their computer    don't  know\when i will have a working unit     i miss <propmale> of you!"
my computer is still down   good friends  have been helping me
my computer worked today   tried to catch up but i am getting old 
well the new phone application i have has connected me back to face book  
to market we go
kansas rocked market last night    rocked like it like 1982
where has this year gone ?
after market the house is a mess    where is <propfemale> when you need her?
"there was a thief that just  entered a dark home when he entered  he heard a voice saying i see you & jseus sees you   the crook turned on a light  to find a parrot saying , i see you then said jesus sees you, then the crook looked down to see a large dog , that moment the parrot said , jesus attach!"
homecoming at welch memorial tomorrow       service at 11am
homecoming at welch memorial is unreal full church
welch's homecoming was fantastic   children galore      what a turn out!
"boy i wish i could find a really great deal a hp computer    with christmas so close , i hope <propfemale> thinks i've been good most of the year, except at my nephews birthday , one night at long horn, that night at after hours , then there was that day at badin lake , then that weekend in the mountains , that wednesday in <propmale> , well maybe i was under the radar!"
"this is for you <propfirst>, people  have a 1000 wishes , a cancer patient has one, to get better    <propfirst>, i like being the 3%!     keep fighting      "
"someone said something about a <propmale> & some trees, all i see is an empty lot"
"up at three , to the dvr, my organized friend"
"these days, i support those whom we so often  forget    i know i am so guilty"
<propfemale> morning & sunshine
"in this life, some things hold true   the love of family , the joy in friendship  & believing in the unknown with an ultimate hope that can only be called faith  "
"it was a great day yeaterday on my 48th and thanks for all the notes and messages   for the goodness of a friend, i was able to get to fb and take a read! may this hoilday be filled with the joy we all deserve!"
2nd day off luxury on the computer and i am loving it   dear <propfemale> i need a working computer  somebody put in a good word  lie if you have to!
back on and running     now it is time for some tunes and catchinng up
i am digging this hp computer   it was worth the wait   the old crank case is ready for  the grave yard   maybe it could be be turned into <propmale> 
snow is falling   what a day for a day dream  go figure out your dream!
"lifes moments are jewels, but when you hold hard with your hand alone, they sift through your fingers like sand, but hold them in your heart and they are a locked treasure "
life is crazy and in a good way
logs on the fire and a warmth surrounds my heart  reconnected with a long lost friend and i know that provided a blanket for my heart 
logs on the fire and a warmth surrounds my heart  reconnected with a long lost friend and i know that provided a blanket for my heart 
a day full of endless possibilities   & opportunities
looks like a road trip to <propmale> is in the cards 
"theres a place i 've been looking for, still looking out the same back door,  finding sky with that color blue,  familiar like a scent, that that envokes a dream,  where hope and fear colide   and in this oil - water mixture, a poition is formed   it's strength is great   with no acceptance of fate   you move forward with a knowledge all itself,  the risk your heart is taking is worth each minute of the wait "
"sorry i have such an obsession with <propfemale> krauss   something her voice does   like there is an unseen light, reflectively shining into my heart "
i want to hit a club   that's wrong of me! right?
i am going to be a good boy and stay at home and work on my horticulutre project
"this is for a close friend in raliegh   rivers run deep both narrow and wide, as a child stays close to ones side, our friendship was blessed with truth that was glue, that we always keep both fresh and new   here we are, at a latter stage, and just like you, i don't feel my age"
been up since 3 smile 0 with the worst indigestion  but sitting up i want to call up 20 people and have a party !
every artist was first an amateur 
"nature is methodical, and doeth her work well  time is never to be hurried "
all mankind love a lover
"a good fiend of mine has a new boy, <propmale> is his name   may this child see a new world full of love, hope and faith"
man is a piece of the universe made alive 
our knowledge is the amassed thought and e playful erience of innumberable minds
the first wealth is health
let not the emphasis of hospitality lie in bed and board; but let truth and love and honor and courtesy flow in all your deeds
read read read and read some more   my eyes are getting weak with every day that comes  time for glasses
dvr time
does anybody really know what time it is?
"today i met a friend and waited for her to finish work and i skimmed a rag from cover to cover  in the middle, photos appeared with and without makeup   ever notice the e playful ressions without makeup are always grim & the one with have a smile   i bet with a good nights sleep and the same e playful ression on the face, they would look just as good without the coverup than with   just an observation"
"light is the first of painters, there is no object so foul that intense light will not make it beautiful "
shirt ironed and suit ready for a celebration of life   may peace and comfort be the word of this day 
what a celebration of life for <propmale> andrews   touching and such a peace was there in the church   the hair on my arms stood the whole time  
life is not so short that there is not always time enough for courtesy 
"okay, this is sad, i am hooked on the movie \the blind side\""   i have watched it 12 times    """
a slow and easy monday   i wish it would snow!
the finest poetry was first e playful erience 
up with a low grade fever again  man i thought this was over after christmas
without a <propmale> heart wealth is an ugly beggar 
"nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great "
hope everyone has a great weekendroad trip to <propmale> for the weekend  
<propmale> was a great trip  renewed a close fiendship and i will ba going back very soon
adopt the pace of nature; her secret is <propfemale>
"the one thing in the world, of value, is the active soul"
30 years since graduation   where did the time go
music is the universal language of mankind 
into each life some rain must fall 
well the crud is back and i am out on the sofa     
in this world a man must be either be an anvil or hammer
all things come round to him who will but wait 
"a boy's will is the wind's will,"
"sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them  all "
had a vulgar post today because i was posting songs    i want this person to see my response and then i will clear the post all together  i apologize for the cuss word 
time to test the pillars of the church   they crack everytime i walk through!
the world is always ready to receive talent with open arms 
"need a little prayer  my fever just hit 103 and brother i feel like  well, fill that in in your mind  i need a nurse & doctor & all the meds one can spare  "
"well, two nights running my fever topped at 104   the sound of the refrigerator motor makes my ears ache   another day sitting on the sofa watching hulu plus, with the volume low  time to take my temp and see where it stands, so i can have something cold to drink   feels like a cat slept in my mouth "
"man has his will,-but woman has her way      {that's a quote so i'm just saying}"
is anyone elses fb <propfemale> just run off the screen   this lap top is a month old and nothing or i should say no other sight is responding in this manner  ?
get a little done and then i feel done  too done      spring is coming
insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtaxed  
any man more right than his neighbors constitues a majority of one 
"a great day for friends, reconnected with best <propfemale> <propmale>, <propmale> hope & <propfemale>"
i heard at church mrs  myers from <propfirst> <propfirst> is not doing well  
"what is defeat? nothing but education, nothing but the first step to something better"
skipped church   the sofa feels so nice  
there are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root 
"it is life near the bone, where it is the sweetest "
man this way a great day    ya just never know!
"common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius "
the mind grows on what it's feeds on 
i have no mockings or arguments; i witness and wait 
i dislike that last fm will not allow to post songs from there sight 
"i like to spring forward, i just forget to until the clocks should have been turned forward   so church was misssed  that's my story and i am sticking to it folks !"
5 to 7 the wet whistle   featuring the cool menthol stylings of serendiptiy   archdale    
for in everyday and every night hope prevails    
what an intense green the leaves of the rivier oak have as they appear on the branches   what a nice calling card from spring  today is the first day you know 
heading to <propmale> for the train station  then back home alone in the car  i need a plan to spice this adventure up 
how do you measure the worth of a man? hint:hfl
"dig the extra time when i wake early, but why do i want a nap 4 hours later   "
"each day i venture , never knowing if the efforts are worth the time,  for there are thse things i ruch to but i want results quick "
"ever think your the one putting out all the effort?  well today is a new day and my effort is out with the old, and newly reaquainted old  "
"feels like christmas in my heart today!  let's take that old oral roberts approach, \something good is going to happen to you today\"" """
"amazing how one works hard at  reconnecting with some old friends, but with all the effort put forth you feel it is so invain   well at least i know i have tried  bye gones!"
ever find yourself pandoring to others likes and ignoring your own wishes?
"each time i read or see a panel add for <propfirst> trumphet, rep for the bumpit, just stagers my whole day   i have to say it before i start with a some positive notes to boost everyiones day and mine   i could never vote for <propfirst> t   it is like a real life skit written for snl, but it keeps playing over and over again    i could think of 12 great business men that could make better canidates   how about <propfirst> mouse?"
off to a design appointment with my second sista    siked  
"it maybe raining, but there is a lot of sunshine on the inside   "
stuck on the doc channel  meat and veggie dinners   man i am getting older!
this is a beautiful day and the sky seems so blue    now let me look outside   
deep in a book   sorry if classical gets boring  easier to read by  off to it  say mate
"everyday, i wake so thankful for four things,\ my faith, my family, my friends & chelesea handler on dvr!"
"love, the one game you loose if you don't play   "
happy b day girl!
"needless posts that cannot be liked only force one to drop a fb friend   what's the point, i read and listen to enough and then to not comment  bye gones  nothing personal"
"would you loose your life, if one gave you a choice of their way or no way?"
time for some hulu time  
"i am amazed home many are appauled by hate groups but grasp on to the same word like a comfort blanket   i find this shallow and ignorant   \also, someone tell aunt hagatha, she has a attitude with her strick note  was never my favorite character on bewitched anyway "
"seriously, it is time to walk away  romance is dead and human kindness is faltering   pointless   "
hate is not on my list to listen to or receive  
nothing personal but i thought i would cater to the southerns tonight with music postings   got good buddies up north and out west but i have to feed my local folks too   mostly those that went to school around here  
hulu plus time    
"the world has lost it's romance, but some people haven't  there lies the promise  craigism"
"okay folks, gather around  personal friend has another person in their life dealing with cancer   take that moment  take a pause  pray for the cure "
cancer: has it touched you? i have lost many and now a dear friend has another person she loves dealing with cancer  pause  pray  send the cancer away 
apathy: why do we grasp at it like a brass ring  lift a friends friend that has cancer  let this be the day that a cure reveals itself
"there is never a battle that is not worth fighting when innocent suffer   the weapon needed is a cure for cancer   per her request, i am posting on the hour everytime i think of a new phrase  in this pray for a cure   2011 is the year  "
"<propfemale>, there are so many warriors out there   my typing and spelling is not par but the message is getting thru "
let's take a pause for the cancer cause   <propfemale> andrews has a needful post go to it and follow your heart 
"<propfemale> andrews, i can do this for hours and watch tv and listen for the popcorn and wth all that going on you know god is listening  too cool   go to her wall and read the request and follow your heart   til there is a cure"
"cancer, needless suffering  pray for a cure   2011  susan andrews wall post has a special request go there and follow your heart "
we can stop cancer  til there is a cure  pray
<propmale> we know!
the tile store awaits   say a little prayer   
"if in the year you haven't loved, laughed or cried, are you really having a good year?"
tada!
nothing is ever easy as it seems
i have no mockings or arguments; i witness and wait 
i believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journeywork of the stars  whitman
"in gathering items to complete the week, i feel the presents of a long lost friend  feels as thought the veil is quite so thin "
sometimes i feel like a long tail poll cat in a room of rocking chairs    
break is over and this is a weekend thing  what a day!  sun and the work looks great    no more time to hesitate
"dusk is vanishing and the gloming is almost gone  the lights shimer across badin lake   truely a lovely day and productive   the quite almost has a sound all it\s  own   for in the quite i feel the presence of god"""
"still on location and my utube feed sucks, but i so enjoy not posting and lettting others feed me with music   thanks folks"
