5cc61ba47577590bbf6ebdf5501ce4cd
a little heated right now
wow what the hell
two and a wake up  im out this bitch yeah boyyyyyeeeeeeeeee
fuck the yankees lol a <propmale> is a sell out bitch
fuck yall imdown with twilight
is lovin being retired
"i fucking hate fake people  all of you who pretended to be my friends fuck you   i hope you all die horrible deaths and i am glad to finally be rid of you     i wish the worst upon you and hope you suffer the way you have made me suffer and regret doing what you did to me they way i regret ever considering you friends and in some cases, considered you people i would die for  in the words of <propfirst> botenhagen fuck you"
i feel like im hanging from a <propmale> by one hand and your hitting my fingers with a hammer
seriously what the  fuck   
gonna go shred the gnar bro
whats all this white stuff outside    its cold and wet   fucking wierd
three more days baby   arizona here i come
hahahahahahaha   so much for <propmale> being the comeback kid
got my roommate today  hes an escape artist
fml i just got an offer to play semi pro baseball  figures i would get that call the week i start school
screw you guys im a great <propfirst> <propmale> dancer
you got an issue ??? bring it on mutha fucker
cant calculate my level of awesomeness
fuck it    lets do this
ooooh fucking rah
hurt locker for best picture!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hell yeah hurt locker won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
back to the suck or stay a nasty civilian??? decisions decisions
training killer guinees is a tough task
go giants baby!!!!!!! keep it going
you owe me a rib bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pot calling the kettle black
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
it trully is amazing how after everything    im the bad guy   just fucking figures
never a dull day
i think its time for a toga party  smile !!!!!!!!! whos down
you ever notice how sometimes you come across a person you really shouldnt have fucked with??? well that's me   -clint eastwood--gran torino
oh god   the asshole has finally returned   smile 
im almost 22???? when the fuck did that happen
"self-pity:  i never saw a wild \thing sorry for itself  a bird will fall frozen dead from a \bough   without ever having felt sorry sor itself "
you got some fuckin balls  ill tell you that much
just saw the most disturbing image of my fucking life  im going back to therapy
did anybody get the number on that bus who hit me???
getting real tired of picking up the pieces
"an empty room can be so\ deafening   it makes you wanna scream   it drives you crazy   i chased\ away the shadows of your name   and burned the picture in the frame   but it couldn't save me                  you built it up   to \watch it fall   like it meant nothing at all    i gave and gave the best\ of me    you walked away    you stole my life   but no matter how i try\        i cant hate you anymore"
<propfirst> is finally back!!!!!!
had no clue i could upload photos from my phone lol
"i hope arizona is ready for moi  because mr  \awesome has returned  see yall tomorrow"
"out of the ashes and despair, rises the pheonix  reborn and stronger than ever, he spreads his wings and takes to the sky  once just a lowly tattered mess of feathers and pain, the pheonix returns a bright fiery object of hope and beginning  for throughout the first life, the bird had been torn, battered and beaten  but with the second, he becomes the very image of hope and rebirth"
hello desert  smile  50 <propmale> away
who's the adult now     lol what a load of crap
iron man 2        not too impressed lol
glad to have good friends  smile  thank you guys
ok    its time to let <propfirst> loose again    he tried to be good but got screwed so bring it on 
saddle ranch tonight baby  smile  big ol party time
dammit why does this hurt so much  still
i got four words for you   long   island   iced   tea
"i sit here and think of all the memories that i \have but thats the problem  the best thing is only a memory now  i \feel like it hurts so much more 2 remember than it does 2 forget, and \all i wish is for my memory 2 become real again  because now \it feels like it doesnt exist  almost like it never happened  \but it did  and now i sit here in a place than reminds me only of that one thing and i just wonder what if?"
hates facebook lol someone hacked into my account again  anyone know my password???lol
if life wasnt interesting    it would be called death lol  never a dull day as a botenhagen  no matter what  smile 
get back here! you cannot outrun me    i am black!!!
ok really now??? who keeps hacking into my facebook  you suck at life
first day of summer class   sad  the day before my birthday   this sucks
new phone bitches
i love my new phone stoked for the weekend  now i can really celebrate my birthday
new tattoo??? decisions decisions
lost 14 pounds so far  swimming is awesome i love my new gym 
just left the gym  two more pounds hell yeah 
almost done with my book  smile  finally  and i still have almost 90 days before the publisher deadline 
going to the gym   leave me stuffs  smile 
2000 meters in the pool and a three mile run this morning   <propfirst> phelps is going down
off to class  smile  leave the love ill give it back
holy crap my abs are coming back to me lol  smile 
off to the gym to get my swim on smile  leave some luvin
ahh another great swim
heading out to class people leave sum luv
class is over time to cook dinner
morning swim then off to the radio station
wow my stomach is getting hard lol
"as\ <propfirst> clapton once said  \life ia about two things  mistakes and chances  you are going to mess up  but if you never learn from it and \",5cc61ba47577590bbf6ebdf5501ce4cd,"life will knock us down    but we can choose, whether or not to get back up!"
"if you truly want to succeed  first you must really know what you want  then you must have unwavering faith in it  trials will test your courage, confidence and determination  but if you never give up and never say never, then that which you truly <propfemale> will be yours  you just have to believ in it, and your self"
"if some1 prays for <propfemale>, does god give them <propfemale>? or does he give them the opportunity to be patient? if they pray 4 courage does god give them courage, or give them the opportunity to be courageous? it they pray for forgiveness, does god forgive them? or give them the opportunity to be forgiven? and if they pray for whats truly in their heart, does he give it to them, or give them the opportunity to get it?"
ok well once again whoever you are please stop hacking into my facebook account  it gets real old  i didnt do anything to you so please leave me be
why is it that i am apparently so good at pissing people off when i didnt do anything wrong??? i mean ive had many a friend just bounce on me before but at least they had reasons
now that was a fuckin weekend bitch 
ill get 20 by halloween <propfirst> my words
"the day will come when i get to say i told you so  and when that day comes, we will find out if i really want to"
really glad i have good friends  smile  i hope you all know how much that means to me
i just got mugged
go figure i walk to the store to get a something cuz i had a beer and i get mugged and beat up 
today's random song lyric   \ and im thinking \,5cc61ba47577590bbf6ebdf5501ce4cd,"misses\ donatello   this was always the best day of the month, it meant so much"
begin each day as if it were on purpose  and never give up on what you believe in
"not sure why, but i have a really weird feeling in my gut   i hope every one i know is ok"
flying to boston today  i hope that goes well lol
i'm in fucking boston???
70 foot <propmale> jumping mixed with a lot of beer   hellz yeah boy
going up to burlington party time
some punk bitch has my phone and im gonna fucking kill them
goin to boston for the night gonna get gangsta
new phone i need the digits people
new pics from the east coast more to come
giving up is just not in my blood
freaking trippy   im watching the panthers in preseason and <propfirst> clausen is playing   i played against that kid how cool is that
grave digger   when you dig my grave   can you make it shallow   so that i can feel the rain
"you gas up the marker, put on the gloves, strap on the mask, and walk on the field with your head held high  and it doesnt  matter that you failed a test, didnt get the girl, or that you got a ticket on the way there    your world makes sense for the next couple of hours--unknown"
"as of today, it has been three years    im not sure how to feel  but my scars are burning"
fuck this shit i wanna go back to vermont lol  way too bored
bout time to shave the head again
"a good man would act boldly and couragousely, a great man would have found a way to stop an event from happening in the first place    a great man would have stopped because he knew it'd be wrong, no matter the consequences  the man i am is capable of being more than just good, but of being truly great"
were going to the championship bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
torture has never felt so damn good!!!!!!!!!
world series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   i cant believe it!!!    texas here we come!!!!!    holy shit
game one tonight    go giants!!!!!! dont stop believin    
"<propmale> lee???   shut down   josh hamilton???   shut down   game 1???   giants win!!!\   world series game 2 tomorrow!!!"
c j  wilson???   ripped up   texas rangers???shut out     matt cain???domination    world series game three on saturday go giants baby!!!!
world fucking champions!!!!!!!!!! sorry about it   texas   see ya!!!!!!!!!! giants baby!!!!!!! fear the beard!!!!!
tippman tournament this sunday at cowtown  the shenanigans squad is coming to win bitches
2nd place in the tippman challenge   well done shenanigans squad well done!!!!!!!!!!
im gonna take kung fu and kick <propfemale> friggin ass    well have the party at our place we dont need their fancy schmancy <propfemale> and their blue ropes
"you never close your eyes, anymore when i kiss, your lips   there's nooo tenderness, like before in  your finger tiips   your trying hard not too show it,,,baby,,, but baby, believe me i know it      you've lost, that lovin feeling,,,,,,whoa that lovin feeling,,,,,you've lost that lovin feeling now it's gone,,,,gone,,,gone,,, whoa ooh whoa whoa, buh dup,,,buh dup,,,duh doo doo whop "
don't take life too seriously   you'll never get out alive!!!!!!!!
16 more days til this fucked up year is over  hell yeah!!!!
"when i die    i hope im a hero to someone  it doesn't have to be saving the world, just a hero to someone"
at the airport  welcome to the desert brother
just got pulled over and asked when the last time i smoked weed was lol wtf is up with arizona
dear nfl commisioner      your refs are corrupt faggot fuckheads who fuckin ruin the game  you should all get hit by a fyckin bus and die!!!! go fuck yourselves
arizona for 33 hours  whats up desert people
oh   sorry about it    hokies      see ya!!! <propmale> are orange bowl champs
wow seahawks  i did not e playful ect that
i went 4 for 4 on the playoffs this weekend  even though i didnt e playful ect one of them  way to go seahawks
"here's how it goes, you and me, up and down at this time\we'll get right, where to fight\cause love is something you can't shake\when it breaks\all it takes is some trying\\if you feel like leaving\i'm not gonna make you stay\soon you'll be finding\you can run, you can hide\but you can't escape my love\you can run, you can hide\but you can't escape my love"
"first class of the new semester in the books\  "
i am absolutely done being betrayed!!!! it will not happen anymore  why do so many people in this world have their hearts set on destroying the good in people? i willl not stand for it anymore
its a regular pick fest goin in chicago
"anyone ever told you that condoms are a lot like newspapers? though they may be full of good stuff now, you don't want 'em lying around tomorrow morning   write that down   "
you know i learned that worrying is like a rocking chair     it gives you somethin to do but it doesn't get you anywhere     
you know what i've learned in my time here??? is that you can't treat every situation like a life or death matter      cuz you'll die a lot of times    write that down!!!
vhy do you care about snowflake???do you know him????does he call you at home????do you have a dorsal fin??????
packers!!!packers!!!packers!!!
two more quarters packers let's do this!!!
"good bye hair, although the new style seems to be popular lol"
