e768a442698ea6ed9977e0cde20fa91f
saw a llama attack a skunk today   thats country 
happy solstice!!
"one draft down, one to go!"
i'm ready to go home!  one more month hopefully 
we are on our way to eat sushi!  yummy for my tummy 
the sleet is moving in!
i have an interview in <propmale> next week   keep your fingers crossed for me!
i think i'm over moving to alaska!  it's cold in texas!
breaking up is hard   he wants half of everything!
go mavs!
go mavs!!
go rangers!
pim rocks!
it is so freaking hot!
finally my treadmill is being put up tomorrow!  i cant wait!
happy solstice!  the count down to winter begins!
"73 days, 17 hours and 29 minutes to fantasy fb draft!"
"60 days, 14 hours & 35 minutes to live draft!"
three months to go until fall  it better be fkn  spectacular or i'm moving 
according to my horoscope i need  gin and barbituates to deal with my real reality!
no more <propfemale>   ever!!
was talked into going out again!  help me!
is up without a hangover!  can actually take my mom to breakfast 
enough with the suspense! hate watching live tv
project runway and football!
have a yahoo public fantasy football league if anyone would like to join   league id is #480827
just say no to crunches   your stomach muscles will thank you 
my mind needs stimulation
today sucked  tonight hopefully not so sucky 
just put me out of my misery
wants <propfirst> & pacos
go cowboys!
where can i buy tahini?
cutler better score!
yeah baby  won all four leagues!
octoberfest beer is finally here again!
nope
1851 here we come
finally found a heavy metal bar  fkn eh
should i drink a beer and watch football or get off my ass and workout
my cats are staring at me!  they don't ever stop!
thanks so much for the birthday wishes   i have some awesome friends   bitches made me pick up my own tab!
is cooking!
cowboys and octoberfest beer  again
time for a new job
go rangers!!
no metal tonight   freaking cover band
stop the torture
i listened to live rockabilly saturday night   it was pretty cool 
all of my teams suck today
- on my mobile with ebuddy www ebuddy com android
broke my phone and lost all of my contacts   can everybody please text me?  with a picture if possible   thanks
out with the girls  it's been awhile  woo hoo  karaoke bar here we come!
