d1d91a089cd88a9434f87536d05c3dea
just got back from big birthday weekend in vegas!!! thank you all for the birthday wishes!  love 
everyone needs to get their ass over to my house for the parrrtaayyyy!!!
stat test    eeeeks stat test!!! just want to go the beach and chillax foreverrrrr
"i can't wait to go to the beach and feel warm and peaceful, letting all the anxiety evaporate into the ocean "
back from the beach   it was so hard to leave
"back in oc for the weekend, who wants to chill w me?"
missing marnee and loving her for letting us use her apartment to do homework in!!
"“i feel like you’re an island of reality in an ocean of diarrhea \ -<propfirst> mraz"""
being studious at saxbys with philly ladies--so much better than starbucks!!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
i miss my camera  sad 
really really really misses her camera and the amazing pictures from this past weekend that disappeared with it  : sad ries::
"gold's gym broomall is closing   there have been rumors forever, but now it's finally happening  who will i make protein shakes for? i'm going to miss all the wonderful people i met there  i made lots of great memories though, and it will always be a special place to me  so i guess now i need a new part-time job! crap "
wishes she had the money to buy a new camera
has a new camera and is soooooooo excited about it!!!
going to the virgin islands with my best friend in exactly 1 month! can't wait for the sunnnnnnnn
"dropped my stuff last night while dancing and lost my money and my camera battery  sooooo typical  i might call the club to see if anyone found it  highly doubtful  found a new battery online for $7, so that's good "
"happy turkey day everyone!!! there are lots of corny things that i am thankful for, but the bottom line is that i feel very lucky to have so many wonderful people in my life who love me   love "
hit a deer driving home today  life isn't liking me right now
"someone messed with our snowman  sad   they took the hat, carrot, and buttons  left the pink scarf for some reason tho    cryptic"
so bummed i had to miss most of passover tonight due to a dickhead professor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! chag sameach l'kulam 
my phone's dead obv  facebook msg or text call <propfemale> to reach me
"in vancouver, about to hop on a cruise to alaska! glaciers, water, and whales, oh my!!! won't have internet access and my cell will be roaming whenever we're on the ship, so i'll get back to everyone aug 9th when i get back  love "
on the bus to the rally! hopefully i'll be bringing back some sanity
"note to all: my aol account was hijacked, so if you received an e-mail from angelmak13@aol com in the past week, it wasn't from me!"
in la on business   when did i become an adult? liking it  smile 
don't click that dislike button thingy  it's a hack  sorry!
