471d673868c857a70e88b8e693b8bda9
anyone have a party that needs crashing?
well its cold outside up here but way fun
hey guys!!!! im curently staying with my grandparents         in <propfemale>!!!!! the time zone thingy is different so i wont be on much       so yeah
coming back thursday
"<propmale> f-ing potter tonight, at f-ing midnight!!! everyone beter f-ing be there or be f-ing square!!! f-ing"
i think we should find narnia     then kill that lion dude     hehehe
ok so who wants to bust out at midnight and tare some shit up?!
"who wants to go out tonight, and go jump in the middle of a lake?? anyone???"
      my life is as boring as crap!!!!   he   hehe    lol i said crap!!!
     i hav a question thats bin buggin me     do u kno    the muffin-man??
well guys i think we need to end the summer with a bang!!! any ideas??
"if u wanna laugh and u apprecheat a full serving of profanity check out these songs  wink  'jizz in my pants' by the lonly island, 'gay', 'taxi driver', and 'grandfather' by <propfirst> lynch"
you guys wanna peice of advice       kick some ass!!!! nd hav fun doin it!!! wink 
well school started summers done but who gives a crap!!!! we can still make the year 09 kick ass!!!
well school is    awsome baby!!! i love this crap!!!
the latest and newest diet plan that works! its in the news http annoyed  wowurl com 144m
almost there guys   just a few more hours
hey guys heres the deal     i dont kno who wnts <propfemale> come over <propfemale> nite for a bon-fire soooo   just call me nd i thnk u can come   218-443-0438
bday    nd its as borin as watchin paint dry
well aint that just racist!!!
well ik you guys hate school but it aint that bad
"so    whts everyone ganna do for holloween? p s  <propfemale>, no streaking! lol jk"
"hey <propfemale> <propfemale> hodgden , <propfemale> in there we'er all hopin fur the best  smile "
well <propfemale> nite ganna be another one of those nites       wink 
   lol    pigs are dirty little fellas!!
ok well im ganna go out tonite try to see something!!
is waiting for the fun to come      
well    i think if i stay in this house for 2 more minutes ill die    or at least pass out
pulllin an all niter just so i can get into brainard soooooo early for black friday biotchs!!!
well moorhead ths weekend    definetly ganna be fun  wink 
is it crazy if the fun i have is being knocked around in 20 degree weather?
      i absolutly hate having to wake up early
future home    canada
well first time i was ejected    kinda retarded if u ask me
"last games of the year, in painsville minnesota   "
seasons done    and im pritty sure that summers is almost here
contests in wadena    im ganna die
"i run off the ledge just to fall at ur feet, run a little farther get hit by a bus    lay in the street, damit either kick me nd walk away or help my fat ass up!!!"
wht <propfemale> do wht <propfemale> do    
iv gatta do somethn ths weekend   
sleeeeeeeeppppp sounds sooooo gooooood
rain     smile 
"when did the fun become stress, happy become bordom, and life become a pain in the    yeah         "
"schools almost done!!      only problem, hudge test on tuesday        ooo joy"
     3       f***ing days        laugh  boo-yeah!!!!!
2 days left
"lol i love it when some idiot trys <propfemale> make a fake person and hits on ya, gettin kinda old tho"
dudewiththepurpleshirtsaywhaaaaaa?
"iceland is great and all, but it f***in sucks when your stuck there for 2 days haha glad to be back home"
"workin my moms bird feeder,      not really goin to well lol"
    paint     the number one killer of clothes
                         your face
"to find someone that makes us feel like nothing else in the world matters is what everyone is searching for, even if you dont think you are, there is someone looking for you"
hey dude i think thats a cop car      (running)     wow stone your stupid
"is a lifeguard, so im pritty much the man"
"ill wait to love and maybe love to wait, but ill still wish to end up with you"
can defenitly wait for school!
"its time to get my life back, its mine not yours bitches!!"
"border patrol in bemidji, workin hard      officialy my hero"
turn greeeeen!!!
why cant every day be this good
apples
"bitchy bitchy bitchy, lol grow a pair and stop whining!!! im getting a headach thanks to you!"
howdy
"what else can i do when iv worn myself to the bone, when findings some freinds means finding a home, and now nothings left to give  o help me please i need help to live  finding myself all started with you "
"on the way to misourie!!! 12 hours of driving, whoopie     "
feels good to be home
"definetly not that thing your \cooking\"" in home <propmale>        looks lik it just mov<propmale> a little     """
"its hard enough not being with you, but to see you hurt is like sliding a knife into my heart    "
a little time in life can be the best part that will never leave you where ever you go  friends will come and friends will go but the memories you share stay with you
"tournoment in evelyth, one game then back home for the weekend  should be fun"
sucks being yourself    nobody seems to notice you anymore    
"hey guys, lost my phone in a blizzard, so i bought a new one lol just send a text, its the same number"
"iv had my share of ups and downs, but could someone help me out    cause im startin to get sea sick"
