d7268cc8b2d0d24689d35bb29c0add3b
ugh    mild hangover= bad headache
<propfemale> is hottt (;
"oh my fucking god, facebook is pissing me off right now  seriously  it need 2 get it's shit 2gether "
i am so fucking pissed right now 
omfg! 2 make my day just fucking perfect its fucking raining  fuck me 
this is so fucking fucked up! fb is a piece a shit right now  goddamn 
i love <propfemale> and <propfemale> makes me hott all ova!
"<propfemale>, please fuck me b4 u go take a shower & go 2 bed to dream of peniss, which of course i will be forced to dream about 2, now that u brought it to my attention lol  that was long  and btw, i is not lesbo"
shit  i just got the second bloody nose today fuck 
my daddy's a paperboy 
"late night sexual conversations are the best  especially with <propfemale>  seriously, ya gotta try it  don't miss out on all the fun "
sex is on my mind all tha time babay 
i love pink <propmale> 
"i slept with an orca last night  seriously, i did "
just got back from camp   it was amazing!
lightning!yay 
wants to be in oregon (racing go-karts again)
it really sux balls to scrub baked on bug guts off the grill of a car 
"\light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak \"""""
"wow <propfemale>, all you can think about is a <propmale> stickin out of a cake "
psh  only cuz you do think that way  cuz you talk to me so much 
i love california    
holy shit- i'm gone for a week and i have 90 notifications   
    wow   17 tomorrow    
(sigh)   in san <propmale> i wouldn't be freezing my ass off
ay ay ay ay canta y no llores   
couldn't live without cats   
"tengo <propfemale> dolor de mi cabesa y tengo much hambre ahora  y estoy muy cansada, quiero dormir!"
holy crap  this is a record  there's 26 people online at once 
is so f-ing pissed about the stupid junior senior project
reaching out for something but touching nothing's all i ever do  ~sweet- ballroom blitz
"everyone can now call me 'white trash', apparently it's my new nickname  thanks <propfemale> <propfemale> kniest"
just let in the wet pussy cat
"it's cold outside in the rain today, it's cold outside today!"
"\it's been getting so hard  living with the things you do to me  my dreams are getting so strange  i'd like to tell you everything i see     i'm reaching out for something  touching nothing's all i ever do  i softly call you over  when you appear there's nothing left of you\"" ~ballroom blitz by sweet"""
"\it's been getting so hard  living with the things you do to me  my dreams are getting so strange  i'd like to tell you everything i see     i'm reaching out for something  touching nothing's all i ever do  i softly call you over  when you appear there's nothing left of you\"" ~ballroom blitz by sweet"""
"i hate school pictures, they are always absolutely hideous  is it possible to have good photographers? they make you look fat and uglier than you already are  can't wait till senior portraits to have a real photographer who can actually take good pics "
just got rear-ended and the sonovabitch cop said it was my fault  bs 
"odio los \shots\"" de \""flu\"""""
"\he's gotta butt-chin\"""""
"attention - read this and then re-copy it to your own status to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click it  it's a virus  please post this on your own site for your friends "
let's see how honest fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
"anyone who was gonna go to the zoo on monday, or wednesday, we can't do it  it's cancelled until after christmas  there's too many things to do and it's just too crazy to try and go right before christmas  sorry!!! we will reschedule!"
"gonna be a looong night tonight--first paper delivering e playful erience  should be interesting  and yes, the newspapers start being delivered around 11 surprise 0 "
"facebook is f'd up right now, and its gonna be a looong night--first paper delivering e playful erience  and yes the newspaper starts being delivered about 11 surprise 0"
"mom put the car in a ditch so we didnt finish the paper route, lol  interesting night morning "
feliz navidad 
just read a 306 <propfemale> book in 8 hours straight  wow 
"\did it again  now i got it all wrong  but it felt so right  i can't believe it\"""""
buenas noches!!! o buenas dias!! lol  necesito dormir mucho 
i danced with a birdbath on your car because big bird said to and he's my leader 
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times! she is the one thats there 4 me when i need her the most and she gives me the strength to go on!! i love her!!
please put this on your status if you know someone who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance   93% won't copy & paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  then post this as your status and what it says about your first name as the first comment 
"\i'll let you be the judge and i'll be the case \"""""
would it be inappropriate to wear fishnets to school?
i want my laptop back!  sad 
 love  yeah <propfirst> white! go usa!  love 
why do i have to be so damn shy even when i don't want to be?
"whatever you give to a woman, she will make greater  give her sperm, she will make a baby, give her a house she will give you a home, give her groceries she will make a meal, give her a smile she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit  post to your profile if you agree "
i told y'all he wouldn't say nothin'
"can't stand racists     what makes you think that you're so much better than other races and people? \when we bleed we bleed the same\""~muse so y'all should just pull <propfemale> heads outta <propfemale> asses """
"why do i have to love so damn easy? it does nothing but hurt me time and again, but i can't seem to stop myself    "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness "
did anyone else's bookmarks all just disappear?
"hey happy pets friends: my baby that needs blessing is now in the nursery not room 4  let me know if you bless mine so i can bless yours, thanks "
"i don't like school because it consumes our lives but when i don't have it, my life is boring and empty  lol  well not so much in the summer  but still   "
baking andes creme de menthe cookies at almost 4 in the morning!  smile 
first <propmale> tan of the year! yay! i love the sun!  love   love   love   love 
here's a new reason to miss school for 2 days: <propmale> sunburn on almost the whole backside of your body making it rather difficult to even walk 
"ahhhhhhh      here comes the wonderful part of a sunburn where it itches like hell but when you try to itch it, it turns to extreme pain   oh joy   "
hey gorgeous  um i mean flawless  well that's what you are  how i see it is how i call  it 
i love you tay olmstead  love   love   love   love 
"gonna miss my lil' kidlet sooo much  i love you baby, you'll always be in my heart   crying   love   love   love   love "
"i ain't done nothin wit him bitch, so stop causing drama bout this, he don't deserve that bullshit  if you got a problem wit me, talk to me, not him  just stop  grow up, be mature bout this  and everybody: stop lying it don't help nothin or nobody  so just stop "
"i miss her sooo much, i just want to hold her, to pet her again     crying "
it'd be really nice if you just swam away this summer and never came back    smile 
is craving immediate enlistment or cod: mw2
"i have at least 868 photos that i took on fb and that ain't even a fraction of all the photos i've taken  yeah, i take a million photos "
360 is so much better than ps3
time to write an essay on a book i haven't read  smile 
help rescue animals hurt by the gulf oil spill disaster   play happy pets and buy the peewee duck and 100% of the net proceeds get donated to the national wildlife federation! http annoyed  bit ly saveanimals2
"my whole body is sore, the reason? gardening yard work "
"\never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume\"" ~drake"""
how do you make a group????
furry red dicks      playful 
i can't tell you what it really is  i can only tell you what it feels like
you shouldn't need to wear a damn sweatshirt in the middle of summer
"every betrayal begins with trust  i don't fucking need you anyway, asshole "
well that was creepy-my webcam was turned on but i never turned it on 
"getting kinda sick of marimba music, it basically all sounds the same to me "
i think i'm switching to coupeville  smile 
i want a tiger and a penguin damnit
"fuck south whidbey, i'm goin to coupeville  laugh "
"age4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have, or had, the best mom in the world!"
"\how about a strong shot of honesty?\"""""
"thank you everybody for the birthday wishes, i had a great birthday, special thanks to mom, tay, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>  laugh   love  love  love  love "
i love my monsters love   smile 
"wow, nose piercings hurt"
"out of respect    tomorrow, 8:46 am - 10:28 am   everyone on facebook should be silent, no postings or chat, from the time the first plane hit until the last building fell  please repost and pass it on "
"shit i completely forgot about nfl\did the seahawks and chargers win??"
phone got ran over and smashed so dont bother calling or texting me 
i  love  chs
"getting the new phone i want!!\yay!!!!\thank  you mom i love you!!!  love  love  love  love "
"had fun last night  smile \love you tay love  love  love  love "
i  love  my phone!
"wowwww\i was at the <propfemale> store so while i was there i asked if they were hiring cause i need a job and the lady friggin laughed at me  that's not something to laugh about, a lot of people need jobs right now and there is absolutely no reason to be rude about it when someone asks if you're hiring "
i  love  my monsters
omg forgot about nfl again! did the seahawks and xhargers win????
"heh my nose piercing is whistling every time i breathe out haha, so yes <propfirst> it does whistle lol"
i  love  eminem shady
don't ever get a bank account with wells fargo  they take your money 
well at least i haven't lost my taste for fruit thank god
i have a serious speeding problem  maybe i should go to rehab lol
"like my status and i'll tell you annoyed 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of\3  my first memory of you \4  the animal you remind me of \5  ask something i've always wondered about you \6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird <propmale> name \8  challenge you to post this"
"sooooooooo bored \don't wanna do hw \can't wait for saturday + sunday \love you <propfemale> baez + tay olmstead\ love  love  love  love "
obviously i'm bored and have no life   
anyone know of any colleges that specialize in criminal justice forensics and that kinda thing??
"i watched you pass away  although i loved you dearly, i couldnt make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, that he only takes the best  put this on your status if there's someone in heaven that you miss everyday  i love and miss you so much grammy  love  love  love  love "
"we are the land of the free because of the brave, thank you soldiers!  love  love  love  love "
love bball but man does it make me hurt haha
"great job tonight girls, y'all rock keep up the good work! go wolves!!  love "
<propfemale>
omg dory is the f***ing best
"game against kings tonight, good luck girls  smile   love   love   love   love "
"lets beat laconner, k girls? we can do it "
"girls, we gonna beat laconner, right?\lets go wolves  love "
"\and i'm crazy but you like it loca loca loca\""\",d7268cc8b2d0d24689d35bb29c0add3b,"i really want to put my team in front of schoolwork, but i don't really have a choice  guess i won't be playing on friday  i'm so sorry girls  crying   love "
well i guess the saints won't be the superbowl champs again this year  smile 
"i want to hire someone to do all my math homework for me  hell, how about go to the damn class for me too "
ugh  threw up for the first time in    3 or 4 years today  not a good weekend 
packers
"uh huh you know what it is, green and yellow, green and yellow, green and yellow\ love  love  love  love \black and yellow's goin down bitches  smile "
okkkk    so does anyone know someone local (whidbey island) that knows how to make african drums and would be willing to teach??? kinda need a mentor for my senior project 
"2 14= worst day of the year  don't ask me why, just put yourself in the position of always being single, then you'll know why"
is anyone else having problems with the itunes store because it won't show anything other than a fucking blank <propfemale>?
blueberry
i'm addicted to otter pops haha
"when it snows most people drink hot chocolate, i eat otter pops lol"
i miss my xbox360  i'm going through withdrawl  crying 
accepted to the criminal justice school at itt tech  smile 
i hate writing and i am addicted to everything <propfemale>  smile 
the one you called fat? she has been starving herself and has lost over 30 pounds  the one you called stupid? she has a learning disability and studies over four hours a night  the one you called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you tripped? she is abused at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying!
i  love  peas  smile 
thanks a lot wsf  just have to make things difficult  smh 
right now i hate wsf they are making everything so damn difficult fridays-sundays  just to get to like 15 minutes from mukilteo i have to go through edmonds and come all the way back up  ugh!
i fucking hate it when your friends don't get along 
