e3b1e7c9ff832bbce8dd353bdb54e06b
stupid stupid ants!!!!!!
i hate closing  crying 
all my muscles are sore  i mean all! argh  annoyed 
"\ramalama bang bang\""    yay for zombie dance   go monique   except maybe the backward split rolls  wink  haha"""
1 more day till a day off from work and school yayayay laugh 
<propfemale> the vampire slayer musical episode rocks my socks!  laugh 
is very proud of her carved pumkin with heart eyes!  laugh 
"other than class on wednesday, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my wed thurs off from work  laugh    any thoughts?"
totally ripped my hastring (sp?)     ouch!
longest week ever!
already at 40 hours for the week   and still have a 10 hour day tomorrow! can i sleep already?!?
costume hunting is the worst  annoyed 
3 hours and counting!  laugh 
hasn't had a day off since last wed and won't have on till this upcoming wed! gggrrrrr
crocheting is making me feel like an old woman   but i like it 
5am morning = coffee!  laugh 
lol @ <propfemale> looking jewish guys doing a jig to lfo! yes the short lived boyband from the 90's! hahaha
yay for making <propmale>! who knew i liked to draw and paint!  laugh 
 laugh  yay for dance!
"enjoyed watching \home alone 2: lost in new york\"" with <propmale>! now on to more christmas movies   or maybe just winter movies in general    like the \""mighty ducks\"" trilogy  laugh """
i have a microwave now  laugh  woot!
choreography on the brain! hmmm    toooooo many ideas! grrrrr
so why does having a day off mean you have to be sick > sad  grrrrr   not fair!
la la la      laugh 
stupid closing messing with my good sleep schedule!
oh sing to me <propfirst> clarkson! i mean first album <propfirst> clarkson  laugh 
mmmm best english muffin ever  laugh  now off to work!
what should we do spontaneously together?
"happy february 2010  seriously, january is gone already?!  smile "
"my apartment is painting a portrait of my life right now  clothes piles all over reflecting: dance pile, work pile, dance pile, work pile  but i did find time to make them neat piles > smile "
"<propfirst> (day-na) is the word that defines as a completely powerful person who is not consumed by power and still has empathy  <propfirst>s are extremely competent in all aspects, intellegent, respectful, and well-mannered  not only are they also very beautiful creatures, they have a good sense of humor  <propfirst> does not come from <propfirst>e or <propfemale> or <propfemale>, in fact  <propfirst> is a word all on itself, created to define awesome people "
bowling!!!
"i'm a teenage nerdy girl at heart  \everwood\"" the show makes me cry  annoyed "">"""
ahhh     and sleep  smile 
"my addiction for \everwood\"" is pathetic to most people but if you had the days i've had lately    in the words of <propfirst> \""boss i think you need a drink!\"" sooo i chose i nice friendly t v show to sink my teeth and tears firmly into!"""
"\the sun won't let me sleep in\""    i wish i had a reason to say such things  as cleansing and wonderful smelling the rain is i'm ready for the warmth and the bright sun!"""
two days till the weekend! a much needed weekend  smile 
your my favorite kind of <propfemale>  you don't over power the night sky with your perfect little twinkle  don't think i don't see you there dancing amonst the others  you glow with passion and twinkle just right 
banana splits mmmmmmmm  playful 
yay my new tire was free!  laugh 
my hair is no cooperating today  annoyed 
grrrrrr
my weekend is ending  sad 
"time to get my hair did!   oops sorry, i mean done  wink "
needing a getaway for my bday   where to?
"the whole raining thing on my birthday next week sucks  i wanted sunshine, san <propfemale> streets, with a little <propfemale> <propfirst> beach, or even roller coasters in vallejo  sad  muy muy mal > sad "
my new shoes make me happy  laugh 
i'm ready for sandal weather  smile 
bought a camera and forgot to get a memory card for it    silly me must go back to the store!
off to e playful lore highway 1!  smile  yay for the new camera and playlist!
damn! i left my phone at work    i've got to go back  sad 
this closing thing can bite me!
my bed is heaven on earth right now  smile 
it's like it had no will to live and suddenly developed a mind of its own as it leaped off my bed and into the water below  my phone i mean  phone and water are not such a good mix  no one told my phone that 
"work work work, work work work, work work work work work (in the tune of jingle bells) "
"\i don't know how much i can keep letting you unravel me because the more you learn the more we share  we were worlds apart and you see it was so much easier to be because now i know we can't have and it's so unfair\"" -k  voegele    laugh  pretty pretty pretty song!"""
i'm going to need coffee to make it through this work day! yay for a 10-8!
heeeeaaaaddache!!!!
"costumes, costumes, costumes galore!"
"omg, i get to sleep in till 9 tomorrow! yes!!! soooo excited  finally!  laugh dd"
"weather, please make up your mind! your indecision has my closet up in arms! just so you know   "
now for survivor  i bet <propfirst> still doesn't get voted off!
yes i can smell  the coals  a cookin'  hamburgers off the grill mmm mmm mmm!
"5,6,7,8    dance!"
"done dancing, going to watch survivor then finally hit the hay  long weekend of work as usual! my supervisor needs to come back from vacation now  i don't like 50 hour work weeks  sad "
i could nap for days 
felicity here i come!
two felicity disc down 4 more to go!  laugh 
i'm registered for next semesters classes! go me  that is totally not even done till the week before! woot!
a drive to no where in particular sounds like paradise 
hahahaha <propfirst> did not win! i am happy now!
i'm planting a garden of sunflowers on my balcony  laugh 
yay for arcades and eating pizza thats not mine! shhhh don't tell anyone  wink 
woot for 12 hour days!
finally   a day off  i should do something exciting tomorrow to celebrate! hmmm
po boys! lets go!
mmm cheesecake and baseball!
new playlist for a new 9 hour work day! woot  i'm ready!
felicity season 3 here i come!
i suppose i'll say something when it is worth saying 
goodnight and the sweetest of dreams to all of you  laugh 
i think i want enchaladas or something mexican for dinner tonight  that just sounds muy delicioso (sp?)  smile 
"a nice night run with the cool night air cooling my sweaty face down (kinda gross, but it seriously feels good)"
<propfemale> <propfirst> sounds amazing right about now  smile 
let's <propfemale> sometime! thats what summer and days off are for right?!?!
i think some beatles and beach boys will set my tone for work today  smile 
"stupid heat! i'm not ready to run my air condictioning  it feels wonderful and pleasant at first, then the <propmale> magically appears in your mailbox  can you imagine how magical that really is? ya not really!"
finally! summer clothes weather! yes!  laugh 
wanna dance? lets do it!
\the latter is that i always wanted to kiss you but i always wanted to run from you\,e3b1e7c9ff832bbce laugh d353bdb54e06b,<propfemale> <propfirst> her i come! aaahhhh finally!  laugh 
"slug bug game:   mo- green, <propfirst>- damn! <propfirst>- yellow, mo- damn!\all day long  that's how i roll  wink "
i think a new playlist for work is in order!  laugh 
series finale of nip tuck ahhh at last!
"i'm officially sumb for scheduling myself to close! i hate it, and really know that i hate it and yet i went through with the self inflicted torture and closed anyways! now it's time for nip tuck!"
just got my dance on and time to get ready for darbs party!  smile  congrats again <propfemale> and to all the 2010 graduates including my bro <propfirst>  smile  and my cousin <propfemale>!
dancing on concrete without shoes   let's just hope i don't have to charm anyone with pretty feet!
time for my first hair cut in a loooong time  laugh 
head just might e playful lode form new round table homework and dance moves  aaalll at once! woot!
i'm too sore for words   
listening to shuffle mode and it makes me happy  smile 
water grenades are not an effective way to water the plants!
maroon 5 finally has a new single! oh how my heart is racing with excitement and melting from joy all at the same time  smile 
what should i jam to at work today? hmmm
it's dangerous being able to access facebook from your phone boy am i in trouble ;o
"good luck to <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> at work tonight  you guys are my heroes  and <propmale> too  wink "
my day off is not soon enough  annoyed 
"go carts, mini golf and lunch  now its movie time!  laugh "
woo! i've got my first set of tan lines for the year  laugh 
"they're on your team! \yay for san <propfemale>   smile "
making dinner with an outrageously pounding migrane  it's making me quite impatient  not a good combo :<
i think i finally found 2 songs i want to choreograph to next semester  laugh dd we shall see !!
"is \getting excited about the 4th  laugh "
my mind is reeling non-stop             
i want to be in the sun tomorrow   with my sunscreen! but outside non-the-less 
phones go both ways   
7 days and counting  laugh 
lets watch some weeds! love that show  smile 
my feet hurt  sad 
back from la  dance videos will be posted soon  smile 
watching sleeping beauty and eating <propmale> n cheese  smile 
back to work  sad  oh well it was good while it lasted!
house to myself   not sure what to do about that! mmmm sleep sounds good  smile 
i want to go fora  drive somewhere  i have the next two days off practically  and being somewhere else sounds ideal  smile  but where?
finally   everwood season 3  laugh  
yay for national dance day  laugh ddddd
a new coat of paint on my hair   wink  yay i feel refreshed and new 
new work pants! what an exciting purchase   bleh  i think real shopping is in order soon  wink 
white water rafting sounds soooo ideal right now! soon enough  smile 
ready for a new day  i'm done with this one!
\here in these deep city lights,\e3b1e7c9ff832bbce laugh d353bdb54e06b,the phone needs to be turned off  which is incredibly hard for me to do  but here i go!
"getting down to \lean like a cholo\""  wink """
yes my tickets for wicked are ordered and i can't wait to see it before it leaves our city by the bay!  laugh 
i being summoned to play madden  wish me luck!
dance party in my livingroom was a complete success  laugh 
i want to go back to disneyland  sad  it was too short a time spent there!
"just saw the sytycd \my chick bad\"" dance and had to do a happy dance!  laugh dd"""
"35 sec  of choreography woot  now as long as i don't change it again, this should move along quite quickly! only a 1 1 5 minutes left haha"
i want a girly day where i can get my toes and nails done and make my hair all pretty damn it!
gggggggrrrrrr  beware i may punch you in the face  it doesn't matter who you are i'm just that irritated right now!
this roller coaster tycoon thing is addictive!!
wicked tonight!!!!! i have a new dress and everything  laugh 
blasting fantasy by ludacris in the car    pretty sure <propmale> won't let me pick the music  again  wink 
i close   boo!  sad 
<propfemale> getting married was a refreshingly good movie! <propfemale> hathaway is officially an adult and i can finally view her as something other than the <propfemale> diares girl 
"happy 4 year anniversary!   laugh dddd you are quite a wonder to be around <propmale> <propfirst> tescher! thank you for your time, heart, care, friendship and love!"
argh   waste of a day off  annoyed 
i napped   twice   today! hmmmm apparently i was tired!
yay  i finally get my break at work  this is one long neverending week :b
my back hurts  stupid work!  sad 
pretty sure the 49ers beat the raiders  laugh 
i smell homemade chocolate chip cookies  laugh 
closing   boo! 50 percent off pizza day yay!
making the apt  more homey! i love redecorating  smile 
enjoying all of my newly found music  it makes my ears and soul happy  smile 
this closing thing   really needs to stop happening to me  but i guess i could just suck it up and make an awesome paylist to get through the night  maybe something exciting will happen while i'm there   but i doubt it
as if being this tired was bad enough but nowmy cactus has attacked my face sad  owwee
making a hip hop playlist  go me haha
i've been dancing from <propfemale> til dusk  tomorrow will be painful  smile  super worth it!
"one tree hill, you are so not the same without peyton and <propmale>  sad "
my body still hurts  thats not a good mix with work  haha    sooo miserable 
"yay for random starbucks cutomers who pay for your order  people really can surpise you, even people you don't know  laugh "
my bed is calling me  i'm going to hermit myself in my room for the night with my dvd player and my comfy bed  yay for having time to myself  i get to be lazy   wink 
"\i'll wait for the one who won't make me sigh and say i couldn't save you\"" -<propfemale> vogele"""
watching titanic *sigh* such a good movie  smile 
mmm oatmeal chocolate chip cookies made by yours truely! yum!  laugh 
i've got some good battle wounds today from dance  thanks <propfirst>!  wink  best fall ever  so much fun at auditions and in class  great job everyone!
my toesies feel better now that they have been treated like princesses  wink 
putting a new coat of paint on my hair  wink 
"i'm exhausted, i'm excited for mosaic, i'm worried for choreo,my is head is going to e playful lode  now it's time for grey's anatomy!"
grey's anatomy officially= amazingness!
mmm   jenson ackles  yum
i think i'm getting sick :[
yes! it's my day off!  not to mention the weather is kinda awesome  too bad i can't breathe out of my nose right now!
hot tea and some abba might make this cold go away  or at least my grandma used to say so!
new maroon 5 album  i'm in heaven and it's amazing  laugh 
<propmale> read me to sleep last night   <propfirst> miller has a nice take on the whores of <propfirst> 
finished season 6 of grey's anatomy and it was amazing  now on to part two of season 1 of glee  laugh  this is what being sick does to you  alot of tv
2 more episodes of glee left for me to watch  yay  laugh 
i have a case of the mondays  sad 
great job today mosaic  laugh 
"last moments with poeple  can you recall those moments of those people? whether you were getting a tattoo, drinking coffee or forzen yogurt or simply saying good-bye  i remember last moments, middle moments and meeting moments  i remember "
now time for fringe   laugh  i like tv show marathons!
closing   boo 
i should have made a playlist for work today  i have worst case of music add right now
maroon 5 tomorrow! yaya  laugh 
in line  laugh 
i'm still sick   or sick again! i don't really know at this point but something has gotta give  annoyed 
"push it again, i want to feel it - <propfirst> <propfirst>"
san <propfirst> e playful loratorium is the best place ever!  laugh dd
i want to go to apple hill smile  yay for hat weather!
my week is off balance now that i didn't start it with dance today  annoyed 
irresponsible childish selfish peole piss me off so much i may just start punching people in the face!
today = not too bad  smile 
just made a super bad ass playlist  i'm so set for my super long day tomorrow  laugh 
drip drip drop little october showers!
i've never seen so many posts on the silly weather  playful 
time for some cake! this week just started and it couldn't possibly get longer  so yay for cake  it's the only simple joy i have for now wink 
visiting the <propmale> since he is having a tough week at work  smile  you rock <propfemale>!
off to go dance my butt off! let's go mosaic  laugh 
at in n out supporting the giants  <propmale> would be sooo proud of me haha!
i'm lovin' the <propfemale> spears blasting through my pc speakers right now!  laugh 
watching hocus pocus  smile 
omg! is that what a day off means? shopping and wearing real clothes?!?! who would have thought  wink 
<propmale> potter and the prisoner of azkaban her we come  laugh 
pizza and more <propmale> potter tonight! goblet of fire woot!
"dear new maroon 5 album \hands all over\""",\e3b1e7c9ff832bbce laugh d353bdb54e06b,"bagarrgghhh, too much to do  i need a hair cut, an oil change and have to figure out what to do for costuming for all the dances i'm in  sooo e playful ensive  annoyed "
lots of super fun and messy <propmale> projects with miss <propfemale>  laugh dd oh yah and a ginormous plastic bag thats <propfirst> size ?!?!
stupid day!
watching phantom of the opera  laugh 
my couch is calling my name 
i haven't listened to my showtunes collection in a while  annoyed  i need to remedy that ;p
new music keeps me happy  smile 
long work week   long monday tomorrow then 2 days off  laugh  finally!
i need a super bad ass playlist to make it through tonight and my inventory  any music suggestions?
evening od dance is here in t-minus 5 hours wooot!
amazing night! thanks to all the dancers everyone really who worked really super hard to make tonight go smoothly and look super awesome!
redbull baby!
i got home from work and there was a very wonderful smelling christmas tree already trimmed and put in the stand in my livingroom !  laugh dd super super excited to decorate now!
just broke out the crochet hook!
"<propmale> sleeps on the right side of the bedand i sleep on the left side  the door is conviently on my side of the bed  \<propmale> : \aren't you going to close the door?\""\",e3b1e7c9ff832bbce laugh d353bdb54e06b,work has been busy yay! no seriously yayay!
pilates kicked my booty yesterday  suuuupppeerr sore!
i have a cold! again aaahhhh!
i want to go on a road trip 
i know what i'm doing tomorrow  it's been waaaay too long since i've been to old town sac ;p
i want to say thank you to all my wonderful supervisors for kicking ass and taking names today  you guys were true heroes and wonderful problem solvers  i'm so proud to work with such wonderful people   smile 
'the office' makes my life happier  laugh 
happy birthday gp  i think i finally figured your age out  see you can't be forty forever so you finally have to settle with being forty one  see i'm not to gullable anymore ;p haha
more and more early mornings and less and less sleeping in  what is my world coming to? oh yah   i'm getting old  sad 
if i'm sore now then i'm going to be dying tomorrow 
"mmm! that was the best little pizza i have had in a while, i may just make myself another hehe"
has realized the difficulty in choreographing for males 
no i don't think it's weird that i know the men in black dance!  wink 
snuggle weather makes me tired  must distract myself with lots of cleaning 
i want a sleep in day  sad  i just don't think those exist anymore!
my abs are sore from jazz!
i'm so insanely mad at the dmv and our incredibly poor state that the steam trying to escape my hot head has given me one huge headache! ggrrrrr for incredibly e playful ensive registration 
"on a brighter note, tomorrow is the vapa showcase! i'm sooo excited and nervous to perform!  laugh "
time for these fake eyelashes to come off! i like my real ones better  smile 
hahah yayay greenbay! that's what i'm talking about!
slowest monday ever  sad  maybe this will junx it ;p
game night! i'm super duper excited  laugh 
my new ipod makes me soooooooo happy!  laugh 
i'm feeling a road trip soon! hopefully ;p
enjoying the foo fighters greatest hits  laugh 
"i had pretty flowers, a card and <propfemale> waiting for me at work today  smile  now i'm excited for monday hehe"
"tor tor and i are twins ;p a photo will follow later on with proof! side note: my phone is being silly  so if i don't respond righht away, it's because i probably haven't received the message yet  annoyed "
"\my hair's blowin' in the wind\"" - <propfemale> portman \""garden state\""  that's my definition of today  smile """
can't wait to start teaching both of my new dances tomorrow  laugh dddd
"pizza, a movie and my couch make this girl very happy on this gloomy day  smile "
i went through my clothes today and actually got rid of some  smile  just to make room for the new ones i bought  wink  i made dinner  i finished my taxes  good productive day  laugh 
"bring it on, monday!"
is eating a ginormous bowl of ice cream and watching 'i used to be fat '
definately had a group ask me to split the <propmale> onto 5 different cards today  that was the highlight of my day!
is finally home and very tired 
i've got to start this work day with music 
totally watching 'space jam' haha this is awesome   laugh 
i'm really excited about the fortune zoltar gave me today ;p
just not my week so far  and it's only tuesday  annoyed 
how dare you weather!
" smile ,  crying ,  sad   sad             <-------thats my day!"
"my abs hurts  i found that out when <propfemale> came to see me at work and made me laugh really hard, it was super painful  haha"
costume hunting is going no bueno  annoyed 
has finally seen the movie burlesque  hahaha
great job today mosaic  p s i have a carpet burn on my knees  smile  but it was worth it for all of those elderly folks smiles!
bday 30 days and counting  smile 
this rain makes it hard to get out of bed early and be productive  good morning long gloomy day!
sick!  sad 
pirates of the caribbean 2  smile  movies in bed are the best when sick!
thanks tor tor! i've now received two cupcakes in a 4 day period!  smile 
i'm done with bad news days!
today is a coffee day!
3rd time this week i got a cupcake!  laugh  yay for my co-workers!
i finally got a hold of a song i've been trying to get for almost two years now!  laugh dddd
still sick  sad 
super duper early morning! but i'm excited because i'm getting my hair done tonight  laugh 
i love my new hair! thanks <propfemale>  laugh 
no one can pinch me today!  smile 
"watching season 6 of weeds, eating pizza and being a lazy lump! good day off  smile "
"<propmale> mars, i'll think you are somewhat cool when you write a non-annoying song!"
thanks mom and dad for the early birthday money  it will be well spent on my plane ticket  smile 
take that monday > smile 
long work day tomorrow! must compile cool new playlist with cool new music!
thanks for the uber yummy cupcake tor tor  laugh 
let's bring on the sunshine already!
"\i'm super girl and i'm here to save the world   \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
its waaaaay to early to be awake! haha
2 days till b-day! i'm going to have me some <propfemale> <propfirst> fun and a karaoke good time!
"boardwalk is full of people trying to steal the sunshine ;p ok,ok i can share!"
highway 1 here we come  smile 
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes smile  i appreciate them very much and they may my day that much birghter!
