4b114062cd8920209dcf95d67ddb136c
"you know, last year was way better then this year "
ehhh?
i think i have insomnia 
"insomnia, def"
my feet are cold  seriously 
i made a profile picture 
i am eating sub for dinner  it is good  om nom 
"mandatory daily update  cousin <propfirst>'s birthday  family was over, they were loud and drunk until 4 am  i woke up at 10  i also was volen-told to partake in some of the festivities, about three times  it burned a little "
"half hearted attempt at writing, blah "
"was driving to school with <propmale>, slide off road, broad sided a big steel pole, bit shoken up  stayed home today, can't really afford to miss school though  it kinda stunk  i had breakfest then have been asleep until now  no one was hurt "
"oh no, his facebook  so, i totally already clicked his link  i can has hacked facebook?"
"alright, i came home and immediatly started brewing a pot of coffee, and gave attention to my cat, who was waiting for me by the window  while adorable, i can't shake the feeling my cat needs a good toy to play with  on another note, <propmale>! sorry i just vanished when you messaged me   sad "
i just got home and made myself a class of orange juice  i likes me my oj 
"just got home from chicago, was quite the e playful eriance, had good times, even though i'm pretty sure i got strep throat halfway through and about 16 hours total in the last three days, was fantastic! ask me about it and i'll try to respond when i can "
"alright, i want to try darkfall out, you get a week of it, digital download and everything for a week, for a dollar, anyone want to try it out with me? put in a comment"
"i've spent the last 6 hours installing a kitchen sink  pvc, returning and buying tile, which is ehavy, drilling holes through floors and rolling around in a cobweb and <propfirst> crawlspace     i feel dirty, also, not done yet, just on break "
the sink works! i repeat! the sink finally works!
it's offical me and <propfirst> <propmale> are now roommates at my college  fuck yea 
i spent my entire staurday laying floor tile  it's done now though  it looks nice and my back hurts 
"got my senior pictures today, bringing them in tommarow for everyone to pick what they want   laugh "
spring break is almost upon us  so close to a week o' freedom! jk! i'll be working on the kitchen  lulz 
juuuust home from mtu preview day! was pretty amazing 
"darkfall'ers start your engines!~ tonight, we dine, in darkfall!"
"installing darkfall now, lord save us all "
"downloaded, now to try to figure out how to work this shizz"
"darkfall is loaded and i'm at character creation, which made me realize, oh my lord! we didnt all agree on a race! quick my brothers! respond!"
"made a wolf person and played last night  so far, the game is pretty fun "
status on darkfall: <--- only person to get it working and running  fail 
"green is on the tree's again, this makes me happy "
"just went with my cousin to the great wall, was pretty boss  they gave us a free order of fried bread, 10 pieces of it  oh snap "
"finally started on my online portfolio, whoop-dee-do  i hate english class, so much stupid crap to do, blah "
"agh, english paper! derp!"
"i walked across a ton of rocks, carrying boxes full of wood, barefoot  not my best idea  infact, it may have been my worst idea in a while    in other news, school is out in three days  i'm getting very twitchy "
"so, i found this picture online  i think i love the internet even more  this sums up my feelings for high school, by the way \<----"
iiiiiii feeeeeeeeeeeel frrreeeeeeeeeeeeeee! ahahahahahahahaha
"hey, any openhouses that i should be attending, i'ma need to get a facebook invite to remember, just so ya'll know "
"i was sitting in a chai upside down while petting my cat sitting by my head when something <propfemale>ed on me, like the sun rising during the <propfemale>, i learned a deep lesson, a sort of self realization, if you will     my fan is really loud "
i'm just going to start a photo album for all the crap i find 
update on my fun picture gallery of happy fun times 
pretty sure i'm getting sick the night of graduation  <propfemale> is all up in my grill for something 
i can't find my diablo ii lord of destruction cd-key  abooo 
"my cat is kinda jumpy today  i was sitting on the deck, having some lemonade and enjoying the day, talking to my dad, when my cat comes running from around the house full speed at me  i of course, freeze like a deer in the headlights, and he promptly jumps into my face, making me spill lemonade all over us  turns out cats like lemonade, or being clean, one of the two "
i may be -completely- fucked  it's up in the air  more news if it actually turns out i'm fucked 
"house construction is finally ending! yay! to kick off the celebration, i have strep throat  lulz  which, is actually not that bad, because, i caught it early, so it's a wimpy one "
dbz abridged is amazing  oh my god 
doooooooddddgggggeeeee!!
"yu-gi-oh: the abridged series: this also exists  oh mah gawd, youtube it "
\innocent? have you seen this guy?! besides," he's a mime!\""\"4b114062cd8920209dcf95d67ddb136c,"i am feeling the brooklyn rage, nyeh "
brother <propfirst> comes home today  will be neat to see him 
"as it turns out  i totally did not send out facebook invites for my openhouse until   now  man, this gui is not nearly as innovative as it could be  need a zombie net  that'll learn 'um   "
thanks for coming out to my openhouse everyone that did  i am throughly burned and beaten  good times 
"is it just me, or has pandora radio gotten crappier and crappier through the years?"
"it's come to my attention that people seem to seek me out when they are bored, what am i? some kind of instant not-bored-thing?"
"hey, i think my e-mail may have been compromised    so, don't open any emails from me, since, it's probably a virus or some such "
"i'm really bored  someone should call my phone, and sing me a song and then leave it in my voice mail  i may call and sing a message back, to the first two people "
\fruit by the foot? learn 2 europe," it's not called that here\""\"4b114062cd8920209dcf95d67ddb136c,i just don't understand  why do people post lyrics from songs everybody knows? it makes me die a little in side every time 
"my pandora radio is playing rediculously good music as of late  pop in your e-mail and i'll send you the station, this is of course, if you know and like the kind of music i do "
august 21 is my move in day to mtu
"i now apparently have a third roommate, <propfirst> "
"kc & the sun shine band   hell yea pandora, bring the heat!"
i'm going to be a professional cat herder 
"when the sky opened up and the rain poured down today, i was sitting in my kitchen, watching the rain through the doors  each drop followed the last to splash upon the earth, removing the burden from the sky and placing it upon the earth  for a moment, i wondered what the symbolism was, what it could represent  then thought that it really was not that important  as long as the sky turns blue and earth turns green "
"to taran annoyed my old friend  i have super metroid, our favorite retro game  except, there's a twist, you see  i have a completely re-done version of the game  new power ups, completely new maps, and even new physics, all wrapped up in the old metroid style \p s  it's pretty bitchin'"
"starcraft 2  yea, it's pretty awesome "
"got my new laptop, updating it, getting what i want on it, and then staring at the sexy back-lit keyboard  oh man, back-lit keyboards are so sexy "
"looking through my old crap as i decide what to pack for when i go away forever  man, i used to be huge into magic: the gathering  good times    "
"need a dvd burn program! go! needs to be free, not sonic record now!"
craving a cigarette and i've never even smoked  i have a crippling second hand smoke addiction  no big deal  i'll just <propfemale> around bars and breath deep 
just got my hair cut by <propfirst>  it is nice to not have my hair fall in front of my glasses 
the count down begins! 10 days until i get a canadian accent!
just going to say this once  old spice commercials are the best ones on tv 
"i got a new, amazing pandora radio station! it's alternative stuff that you may have   probably not have ever heard of before! plant your e-mail below and i'll send it too you via e-mail "
"evening of the second day! (day 2): dum da da-da dum dum!\the <propfemale> leers closer!"
dum da da-da dum dum! <propfemale> of the final day! the <propfemale> plummets to the clock tower!
motel 8 wooo! move in tomorrow!
"my school has tags on the outside of doors  i am <propfirst>, the rhydon, from pokemon  awwwww hellz yea"
"my room mates are web-camming each other, the <propfemale>! the <propfemale>!"
"if you know what this is, i posted it for you  if you don't? well   you may like it "
"i have started my epic journey to beat i wanna be the fangame  i've downed the behemoth and pokémon battle, and i killed a secret boss  glad0s! i'm moving on up in the world \\so, once i beat this game, i will have beaten the original and the fan-game  i will feel so accomplished "
classes start tomorrow  wooo 
"so, the week i start college houghton has broken it's all time heat record    yay me"
"so i beat i wanna be the fan game  so, when do i win the world? i've beaten iwtbtg and i wtbtfg"
i got a care package  it's nice to know you care   love  om nom nom <propfemale>
"i got out of my philosophy class, and was out walking in the rain, so, i got a blue <propfirst> smoothie  i made a good choice! smoothies make everything better "
i will have a story to tell in a while    but it must finish unfolding first 
"saw a <propfemale> baby bat outside today  as i got close, it squeaked  it was adorable  however, the squeak, after the adorable feeling left, probably meant that it was scared  so i felt bad and let it be "
"this just in! everything is fine, i'm doing good, and the gallery has lemonade on tap  awesome  this is the end of the update broadcast!"
revelation: failure is just success rounded down 
i am updating my status because i have not updated my status in a long while  i have been so busy with homework that i get bored on weekends for the lack of it  blah 
i really do enjoy not having class until 2 pm on tuesday  sleeping in is greeeaaaaaattt 
"i'm purging my friends list with holy fire  so, in short   \burn in righteous fire!"
"it has been confirmed  chances of me coming home for thanksgiving, a whopping 95%! well goodness, is that great or what?"
"i got invited to go eat food, that is not dorm food! excited!"
"posting song lyrics is the most annoying, over done, and brainless thing that one can do with their decidedly wasteful post  it not only wastes your time, but ours as well  in addition it clogs up the feed, keeping insightful, funny, or other less terrible posts from appearing  posting song lyrics as your facebook status is trolling  so from now on anytime someone does it, they get an ascii from me \    -love, <propfirst>"
"i love tuesday  no class until 2pm is amazing, i pay for it on thursday, but it's worth it! i was able to stay up until 2 am watching back gamin! is that not the greatest thing ever!?!"
"philosophy is a ridiculous class to take  i dislike giant ass papers on philosophers, i'd rather just have out of class group meetings and discuss the readings and ideas  papers may be structured ways to form your own ideas, but i'm interested in views i may have missed  what i'm trying to say is   \i'd rather write multiple small papers then one exceedingly large one "
"obligatory update of status    100%\commencing   \verifying connection   \testing compatibility   \delivering 'payload'   \message: \meh\"""""
"yay, i did not fail my math exam! infact, i got a 90%! as you can guess, it made me pretty happy, now, if you excuse me, i have two papers to write and a java program that compares any length two-dimensional array for a string of array's that equate to a \waldo\"" array  derp """
"i feel like i should switch majors to systems administrator & network analysis  or, more or less, an it guy  i blame my electronics class in high-school, most fun i've ever had in a classroom mr  <propmale>  i throughly enjoyed running wires through the ceiling and fixing the perpetually broken computers  ah! fond memories   "
my mind: fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
"a joke \how many months are in a year?   \\twelve!\\thanks, laffy taffy "
"so, i've discovered that one of my favorite down-time hobbies is constructing d&d characters  my only regret is that i'm never certain about which i want to play! i do just love going though and picking what best benefits our party and situation  right now i'm rolling monk, level 2, and i'm the damage dealer of the party, yay! i plan to keep it that way, i have it planned out until level 12 "
getting ever more efficient at doing homework 
"another perfect score on a philosophy paper! yay! also, john-paul sartes is an interesting philosopher "
"i met the <propmale> of mtu  he is the president of the chem club, and was selling shirts with all of the chemical make-up of drugs and stickers, one was just the stereotypical toxic, the other was dangerous when wet sticker, which he was selling via \give it to your favorite lady friend and delight as she slaps the hell out of you!\"" he was also freezing any food you brought him in a giant chemical vat of liquid nitrogen """
"so, i finally woke up to snow  i have to say the heaters in the dorms are crazy good  our window is wide open, it's practically a blizzard out there, and it's pretty nice in here  i'd say around 70-80 degrees "
"\i always thought a jar of jelly should have been oj's wife because it's the only kind of girl thats okay to knife \"""""
breaking news: miller is in the shepherd area  sleeping in your area code  their's nothing you can do about it 
"oh god, it looks like a defenseless coastal village after some vikings arrive to do some \shopping\""   """
"i've done it! i've watched every episode of full-metal alchemist, brotherhood  good anime "
perfect <propfemale> <propfemale> hoooooooo!
"if any of you use a laptop without a wireless mouse, i have one very important question annoyed \what in the world is wrong with you?"
"how many peta members does it take to change a light-bulb?    \\none, peta can't change anything!"
"am i the only one who has to write a eight <propfemale> paper and five <propfemale> paper back to back? cheers, you slackers "
"i imagine i must look rather crazed, i have blood shot wide eyes from sleepless nights working on projects and papers, and a perpetual grin because it's over and i got all of it in and all of it that is done is great  my crazed eyes and grins are trophies of my victory  i shall savor the feeling "
"<propfirst> miller is in the shepherd area, climbing in your windows, and snatching your food up  so you better hide your snacks and yo drinks   "
i think i'm a crazy cat lady 
"christmas, have a good one  i changed my profile picture to be festive, wooooooooooooooooo!"
have you seen <propfirst> the guard's cursed rotten kiwi?! i want it! i want it! get it to my by any means and i'll give you 435 golds and ore pieces!
"see this? this right here? this is why i feel like i should constantly move my birthday on facebook a day forward, since that would be hilarious! thanks for the birthday wishes though "
"so i've decided  if you had to eat your own leg to survive, the foot would taste the worst, and be the most obnoxious to eat, because of all the bones  i mean, really? like 23 bones are in your foot, not to mention toe nails and all those things you've ever stepped in? does not make for a good source of food "
"i was a hipster before being a hipster was sooooooooo main stream  it was so much better then, you know, before it sold out "
slowly becoming nocturnal   
"so, if everything is bigger in texas, does that mean alaska is even bigger if you're in texas too? if that holds true, then would not nearly every state be bigger  looking at it now, texas is pretty small   "
i am back in my dorm room  excelsior!
"it is time    i shall lead my people to glory \dwarf fortress   \boatmurdered     two!"
"i program hard, heeeeaaaaarrppppp!"
incoming cabin fever woooooooooooooooooo
"so, i was all like, \i need to do math lab!\""\",4b114062cd8920209dcf95d67ddb136c,roommate playing horror  removed all light  looking forward to screams!
"so i was sitting in the after math cafe studying chemistry before the exam like a good boy, and i was randomly given a beef sub while it was closing down, yay! somebody likes me!"
"chemistry: the only hard class i have, because the teacher has a love affair with organic chemistry but the exam sure didn't \ sad "
i have received a care package! thanks for the well wishes and snacks! in honor of this gift i shall fashion the box into a useful tool! along with eating the things inside!
sometimes i try to think of a good way to update my facebook status in a way thats funny and clever  then i realize it's facebook 
"so, i'm a d&d munchkin  say what you will, but i full round action for 12d6+60 damage every other round  half of it is fire damage  fuck trolls "
"coming home for spring break in twelve days  should be a good time  going to bring the magic decks i have made up here down, pwn some noobs "
"saturday is the day of my return  i look forward to not homework, and not doing homework "
"i was just told to go to sleep over facebook  well, i'll have you know! i cannot; i'm kinda busy pwning noobs "
i'm currently in the mt  pleasant area 
"so, in the computer labs, yesterday  i saw it, a group of guys booted up an oldschool pokemon blue emulator    they did the glitch, and captured mew right in front of me  it was magical "
it's still snowing up here  wooooooo
