4a4e8bba08df24f6ebe0be64dfe43701
"sleepy as shit lol  smile  talking to <propfemale> before she heads to work, then back to bed for me till 9 lmao"
kinda tired but idk if ill sleep lol  get to spend the day with my wonderful girlfriend  laugh  cant wait!!!!
kinda annoyed but ill live ppl seriously need to get off my back     
im super tired  sad  need to sleep a good bit today but i dont see that happening  smile 
tired but thats nothing new  smile  needs to be monday so i can be off work for 2 days and spend quality time with @<propfemale>   laugh 
yay!! its my friday  smile   get to see <propfemale> tommorrow and super excited about our date!
wondering how i landed such an amazing girl?? glad i have her tho!!! ive never been this happy before! i love you <propfemale>  smile 
yay! finally a pic where you can actually see who i am!
yay! another week of work is finally over!!  smile  excited to get to see <propfemale> today  playful 
meh is the word of the day  playful  learn it and love it!  laugh 
"i wish sleep didnt exist its such a waste of time, so much more productive stuff i could be doin       annoyed "
love wasnt love till i met you!  smile 
he who is not impatient is not in love   smile 
love: two minds without a single thought 
"fucking hate stupid ppl that only criticize\ one person and doesn't watch or say shit to anyone else its fucking retarded  annoyed "
yay! im finally away wal-mart for 2 days  laugh 
lifes a bitch and then you die  hopefully mine comes quick
fuck life in the ass with a giant dildo
will never understand the way of a female  you find someone you fall madly in love with and they feel the same way and it jsut vanishes  annoyed 
really misses the one that got away!
people think its <propfemale> easy to just get over the girl that you fell hard for  its takes time and will always sting  everything remind me of her and its blows thinking about what i had and lost 
i guess for some ppl moving on is alot easier then it is for others  sad  lmao but im cool with that  laugh 
how can you truely say you loved someone with all your heart if you just get over them in a blink of your eye?
life is priceless to me  smile 
"bored out of my mind, there is nothing to do       "
getting a new profile pic soon i hope hahaha  laugh 
pictures never do anyone justice at all  smile  thats why i hate pictures lmfao
"\one day\"" was suppose to come but that day will never come """
bored out of my mind  sad  nothing to do in this little crap hole town lol  smile 
never understood why people say sry for something they knew was the best for them  dont say sry bc you dont actually feel bad about it bc its what you felt was the right thing to do!
the little things in life like opening a door or giving a compliment is what matters the most  laugh 
it is impossible to fix stupid if i could id be a fucking billionare  smile 
leaving my brain at home       hope no one bothers it  playful 
it made perfect sense in my head when i said and thats all that matters  smile 
"wonders why ppl treat him like the \gay best friend\"" lmfao"""
totally just double rainbowed that was fucking amazing lmfao
off to do my non-real job lmfao  smile 
is there a women on this earth that can actually be straight forward about anything?
even when i try and go out and test the waters i always manage to find something that reminds me of what i truly want is her back
grrrr my fucking eyes hurt lol  annoyed 
loginto farmville
emotionally and physically drained way to much shit to be thinking about 
had some well needed father son time  smile 
why must ppl go on with the goddamned childish and stupid fucking shit 
lad i don't know where you've been but i see you won first prize  smile 
all this bullshit has made me strong motherfucker  smile 
yay for sleeping for 5 hours and wide awake  annoyed 
doesn't feel well at all ):
after passing out from something to ease my stomach im up all night once again  annoyed 
asshole mode go!  smile 
is in a better mood after a fantastic night of sleep!  smile 
dreams are things thought up by people who want something out of life but then crushed by those who have failed at making anything out of life for themselves  smile 
the best compliments are the half assed one  smile 
stupidity killed the human race  smile 
t-minus 8 days  laugh 
yay for still feeling like shit bahaha
feels like complete and utter shit  annoyed 
one more day!  smile 
is starting his new job bright an early this morning  laugh 
got all the way to alumni drive and then got a call that they would like me to start tomorrow  annoyed 
is tired and gonna be sore in the morning lmfao
"exhausted  annoyed , bed soonish  playful "
people need to learn to drive there is no fucking need to drive slower then a semi truck that is in the slow <propfirst> when ur suppose to be in the fast <propfirst>     
i need ppls <propfirst> gogo! i got a new phone  laugh 
today is y dad's birthday !!!! so happy birthday dad !!!!!
ugh not feeling well at all  annoyed 
absolutely hates everything right now ugh!
"ugh sick, would rather be at home asleep  sad  but duty calls lmfao"
"semi trucks are silly, flipping over on the interstate ^ ^"
wants the feeling of being needed loved wanted back!  annoyed 
jobless lol
the black eye peas need to call it quits!! so fucking horrible!  sad 
"i absolutely hate being put in the middle of everybody's fights, i am always the one that gets called and made feel like shit bc they're fight with the gf or bf fuck that leave me the fuck alone     "
