34f69a7b2902493bc212fa44b11c7ae2
has finally returned to facebook!
"just <propfirst> for hours, and is feeling more crosseyed than normal     "
"just set up and installed my new cintiq tablet     it may be the sexiest piece of electronic creativty i have ever touched      i'm never going back to intuos   wacom, you had me at lcd       "
work is making me cranky today   time to bundle up and go find a christmas tree to brighten the mood    smile 
"just bought myself a 64g itouch   damn you apple, damn you    you charm me every time       i will now be spending all of my money on apps, and all of my spare time touching them   i will also be selling off my 120g classic now (only about a year old and in amazing condition) if anybody is interested    smile "
holy crap it's snowing!  run for the hills portland!  even the fluffy stuff can hurt you!  to the bomb shelter!!
pulling an all nighter to finish inking 2 (maybe 3) illustrations and prep for coloring   makes me want to fall off the wagon and chug a few mountain dews     
had the worst insomnia for 3 nights in a row now      i cannot wait to finally get a full night of sleep and feel 'normal' again 
"the insomnia has passed (for now)   i feel like my 'normal' self again   not really sure why i'm posting this, but i like closure    playful "
"just got the wedding picture proofs from the photographer   besides my recurring double <propfemale>, they are amazing!  will be uploading some as soon as i have the actual cd   now i'm going to go eat more chocolate     cheers!"
"really, really feeling the work stress today   going to be finally getting that gym membership this week   i need a venue to be able get out and beat the crap out of something, beyond every other reason to do it "
"crazy work week   but also the first week of me working out; i feel like a new person already   next week i start my green tea fat burning pills and begin tracking my colories with bodybugg   honestly don't ever want to go back to not working out, and am striving towards my 50 lb loss by my birthday (just over 6 months from now)  going to get <propfemale> and mean!"
"project <propmale> weight loss - end of week 1 start of week 2 - total loss so far - 3lbs - today kickboxing  (will update every week, if anything is going to keep me on task it's people i communicate with electronicly - seriously no sarcasm intended ? )"
"if anybody is watching the blazers   jazz game tonight, look out for the flashing white light courtside center   yeah, that will be my hair telling you 'hi', as my husband and i enjoy the awesome seats (thank you <propfirst>), hanging out with the white collar tycoons!  maybe post a pic or two later on "
"loving my bodybugg   in fact i love it so much, i slept with it last night   amazing to see how many calories you actually burn in your sleep   if you are counting calories for weight loss i highly,  highly recommend it!  it keeps you informed, on track and in a weird technophile way is kind of fun    smile "
"oh, so i guess it's celebrity doppleganger week?  i can't really think of anybody famous who looks that much like me, except for d'arcy wretzky (ex-smashing pumpkins)   if somebody has a better match, let me know    smile   (i'll keep her up for a few days, but then back to my floating head pic)"
"project <propmale> weight loss - end of week 2 start of week 3 - total loss so far - 4lbs - almost made that 5 <propfirst>, but not quite   dropped 1 pants size, which i am stoked about   obsessing over my bodybugg now, very cool   truckin' along!"
"had a really great time tonight hanging out with school friends on first thursday, and ran into a few une playful ected faces as well!  just wish it hadn't been raining so crappily    surprise "
"spent much of tonight cleaning my studio geek space   in doing so, i realized i'm getting too old to function properly amid chaos   i need order to think these days   what's next?  an afternoon nap, stretch pants and orthopedic shoes?"
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 3 - decided it was best to update on the same day i do my bodybugg program update   total loss so far - 6 pounds   slowly but surely working my way down, pretty much on track   feeling more adjusted to eating better food, although the cravings for crap food have not gone away entirely   sore from weight lifting, but not overly so   on to another week!"
why is the formatting so stupid on facebook? (rhetorical question)
"we finally caved and saw avatar tonight   the overdone plot aside, wow, visuals like i have never seen before   overall, pretty cool movie e playful erience "
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 4 - total loss so far - 8 pounds!  did zumba this week instead of cardio kickboxing, and i think i enjoyed it even more than the cardio kick   nothing burns calories quite like trying making a fool of yourself (taking all my will power not to insert some joke about how white i am in here)   still very much on track with 2 pounds loss a week, and on my way i go    "
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 4 - total loss so far - 10 pounds   it's weird, sometimes i think that i won't make the 2 pounds when the week rolls around, and yet it keeps happening   i guess all those gym visits and trying to eat better does pay off    smile   thanks to all for your continued support!"
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 6 - total loss so far - 13 pounds!  had this creeping cold flu this week (gone now), so i think that extra pound was probably more less eating loss than anything   but still feeling great, and looking forward to losing more!  going to start going to a second zumba class in a few weeks, woot!"
"well, i had my hair cut even shorter   next step, full on sinead o'connor   in equally trivial news, think i'll be spending a good portion of the weekend backing up my computer files for transfer   my pc has the death, and it's time to go <propmale>, at last "
the <propfirst>s seemed exceedingly long this year   but glad to see that avatar won deserved effects and <propmale> direction and not best picture   and of course very happy to see the quite charming christoph waltz take supporting actor   love   one of these years qt might even win a directing <propfirst> (although unlikely)   wink 
"today i say goodbye to pc  just received my imac and loving every second of it  as soon as i finish transferring all of my files over from my pc, i am shutting it off for good   which should not be all that difficult, considering it does that quite well on its own   it's been a nice affair mr  gates, but we've grown apart; time to see other people "
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 8 - total loss so  far -16 pounds   decided i would do these updates every two weeks instead of one   was feeling a bit too spammy every week    smile   still on track, feeling very good, clothes getting looser, thighs getting lesser      *belated jig*"
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 10 - total loss so   far -19 pounds - somewhat disappointed i didn't make the 20, but in my defense i was completely in non-gym condition for five days last week because of a stupid cold   so i work with what i've got    smile "
"today in a nutshell (because i so rarely post random things about my life) : gave somebody a scathing english review on livemocha, and felt bad about it later  broke a mini usb cable with my bare hands  left my workout shorts at home, and got all the way to the gym before i discovered that fact  drank too much black tea, again   thinking about reading crumb's '<propfemale>' right now instead of going to bed like i should "
attention (insert preferred name for divine creator here):
"project <propmale> weight loss - week 14 - yes, it has been awhile since an update, but things are still rolling along   i am quite happy to announce that at my weigh in today i have finally reached 25 pounds lost!  i still have 38 to go until my final goal, and it has definitely started to become more difficult to cut the pounds as i lose more   however, i know persistance and <propfemale> are the keys  it will happen!"
"to the obnoxious family who brought their 2 year old to iron man 2 and sat right behind us, thanks for ruining the entire movie for us   i enjoyed the commentary by all of you, the seat kicking and sweatshirt pulling so much; so nice of you to not care to take the kid out    sarcasm  (disclaimer: this is not a dig on parents   but a 2 year old, to iron man 2?  really??)"
"surprising the husband tonight with tickets to the mc frontalot concert at <propmale>'s   he better not have figured it out already   right when i think he's lost his mind in code, he has a moment of craftiness    "
"just got my 30lb weight vest in the mail today!  excited!  <propmale> calorie burn time here i come   and no, i am not going to be starting out with all 30lbs    wink "
"new black keys album is amazing, get it now!!!"
"just want to say that i am loving my new position at the company i work for   i never thought i would be actually making a living doing creative \work  and in that same vein, want to say that i am endlessly thankful for the opportunities that 'fate', or whatever have you, has given to me in the past few years  sometimes life does not turn out at all how you thought, and sometimes that ends up being a very good thing "
"\don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed    \"""""
"ahh, so looking forward to a relaxing weekend away at cannon beach!  it may almost even make me forget about getting old (almost)     wish all of you guys could come to <propfemale> out!"
"for the life of me, i cannot get inspired today     "
"well, i don't think i'm ever going the hollywood 24 fitness, ever again   to the piece of low life shit who stole all my brother's stuff from his locker, please go die in a fire; literally   time to embrace the yuppiness mclaughlin "
"true blood! - <propfirst>'s speech at the end, just flat out epic!  love "
hair has been dyed - let's wait a few days for a little fade before i post a pic     wink 
"ok, finally watched 'oldboy'   all i can say right now is, w-o-w "
dying in this california heat   
"had my first personal training session today   it was totally brutal, in a great way   i'm going to be so <propfemale> and mean(er) in just a few months if it's anything like it was today   i'm already thinking i'm going to keep doing it until i lose my last <propmale> 40lbs  now i'm going to go throw up and drink a protein shake    "
"stayed up way too late tonight finishing up the first season of 'mad men'   seriously, why did i wait so long to start watching it?  just, wow   everything about that show is so flat out superbly done   cannot wait to keep catching up   no spoilers guyz!"
boardwalk empire = awesomeness!  going to be a great miniseries methinks   
"man, they are so hot topic, but i can't help but love the new murderdolls album (perhaps even more than the last)  catchy!"
"should i even bother with the new weezer album?  i've heard good things, but weezer has seriously sucked it for pretty much a decade "
"i inadvertently bought some skinny jeans yesterday; like real deal skinny jeans   i hate skinny jeans, and yet, when i tried them on they actually fit me   do i return them, or do i just give in to the hipness?"
"i need a healthy alternative to soda, that's not water, and i need it now   i'm attempting to quit the pop at last, and i need some kind of non-fat retaining liquid to covet!"
totally fantastic boardwalk empire tonight (it always is)   nucky and miss schroeder  booyah   now i gotta see what the hell happened on the season finale of mad men         
"peeps in portland, does anybody know of a place in town where i can get a leather jacket fairly heavily modified tailored?  i have not had much luck finding one on my own "
"up late, drinking whiskey, listening to the black keys on full blast, and working on a spontaneous entry for this week's if \spooky\""   life is good    """
"i bought a kombucha making <propfemale> today; about to get started on my first batch   there's something very fulfilling about making and then storing a fermented jar of liquids in the closet, right next to our giant server rack   you'll never take me alive coppers!"
"two weeks without soda! feeling good, but it has led me to drinking more wine   suddenly i see it all laid out in front of me: wine>wine sparklers>box wine>cosmos>bloody <propfirst>'s>bloody <propfirst>'s before noon>bloody <propfirst>'s before noon out on the veranda>bloody <propfirst>'s before noon out on the veranda in a halter top and spandex>cougar!"
note to self: never ever shop for face paint the night before halloween   the store i just went in was like a bad acid trip!
"finally over my frustrating plateau, thanks to cutting out pop and eating more chicken than i thought humanly possible   not only weight loss, but tonight i managed to run for 10 mins straight, twice!  all of this with a hangover (thank you <propfirst>' triple long islands) and wearing my shorts backwards (i knew something didn't feel right 'down there')   any tips on extending run time from my runner friends out there?"
"today <propmale> and i celebrate our first year of marriage (not to be included the nine years we were together before)  the year has certainly flown by, and it's been a great one! we are about to head up to seattle  tonight we are eating at the restaurant at the top of the space needle, and then staying at a swanky place downtown by the water  can't say i'm going to complain! here's to many more awesome years together!  smile "
"well, i finally saw videodrome   my pre-2000's, outdated technology but yet somehow so very relevant, twisted, disturbing movie quest is one more step complete!"
"just walked into the bedroom, and the comforter on the bed was wadded up into what looked like a weird, contorted body   it startled the piss out of me   i think it's now time to lay off the nos and go to sleep        surprise "
stupid rain nearly ruined my rad new quiff    life is difficult!
such an awesomely fun night; not even the flat tire could ruin it   
"uh oh, completely off base, self righteous, (really not very good) illustrator arguing on forum, trying not to rage       apparently <propmale> is not a 'real' job "
"i bought two dresses today  yes, two dresses (and cute shoes) "
<propfemale> poppin' daddies @ <propmale>'s tonight!  going to cut a rug!
the black keys tonight at the <propfemale>   cannot wait - i've been wanting to see them live for a long time!  smile   smile   smile 
"o' christmas party\how i wish i could remember all of you\why o' why did i drink so much?\fa la la la laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
possible very exciting illustration news on the horizon; stay tuned      laugh   laugh   laugh 
"lying in bed in the am, thinking about the bv high school days  even now, years later, still painfully aware i was no more than 'the albino chick' to many in that town  some bad memories  yet, i also remember the people at bvhs who were great people; and i am thankful for them even now  a shot out to my bv fb friends, and to those bv people who i do not care to get back in contact with; i hope you guys grew up   love "
spending christmas with so many people i love; hope everybody is doing the same!
so   difficult   to  shift   out  of   vacation   mode   must   get  back   to      
"just renewed my state business license, which i hardly had any use for last year  but if 2010 was the year of the weight loss  2011 will be the year of illustration (like for real)  some exciting stuff on the horizon (will give details later)  and i know some of my illustration buds are going to be doing the same, right??? right? (invokes the spirit of <propfirst>) right?????"
