6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678
chai tea    sooooo good 
<propfemale> spektor&hearts;
if we don't play the game there's no way for us to lose 
yahoo anyone? karliface
is talking to pookie  laugh 
is on?!
will make a man out of you!
"doesn't know why she's up  thanks for all the birthday wishes, sorry i haven't been on in like a century "
is still getting used to this place o o
's tummy hurttsss
found her eyeshadow palette! yessss
hates creepy gangsta neighbors 
had fun at <propmale>'s birthday party! we took 493 pictures o o
is making necklaces with her mommy laugh 
is editing the picchasss from yesterday  smile  my last fall competition was pretty fun 
doesn't like driving 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep?!
code duck  goodnight  smile 
has sucky friends sometimes 
yay aquarium  smile 
my tosies are coooold 
shouldn't be awake right now o o
wants pookie to come overrrrr 
my sisters keeper = saddest movie ever 
"i cleaned my room, got rid of stuff, and took down a bunch of pictures  it was kinda sad, but refreshing  and now it looks all preeettty  smile  now for homework  dangit "
super mash bros &hearts;
house+heroes=kaybye laugh 
"my left eye doesn't like to not-itch, i guess "
likes soymilk  why did my mom never buy soymilk until now?
happy thanksgiving smile 
just freaked herself out by accidentally making slirpy <propfemale> noises with water     =o
cooooold love 
is just a speck of dust inside a giant's eye 
brighteyes&hearts;
"okay, does the tetris music remind anyone else of kingdom hearts?  laugh "
is going to be up very late tonight -_-
its hard to think and type when my fingers are flippin freezing and gloves dont work  ayeeee 
four hours of sleep  not a happy camper 
survived going to the doctor  laugh 
doesn't like it when pictures look better on camera than they do on the computer 
is singing good <propfemale> songs smile 
would like to be warm now  night! christmas tree decorating tomorrow  laugh 
found all kindsa old unused picture frames  laugh  score 
school? dangit 
raaaaaiiiinnn love 
is coffee-black and egg-white 
fishville doesn't like to load on my computer  my poor fishies sad 
"we're not trying to keep you out, we're trying to keep us in "
happy birthday momma!
is singing smile 
"each morning when they wake up, they never really wake up "
suuuushi love 
missed the boat 
is serious about changing now  i'm not giving up this time 
the <propfemale> and the frog was adorable  smile 
feels all sickish  sad 
"can't read texts, but phone still functions  the screen is all screwed up  annoyed "
movie nigggght -jazz hands-  laugh  go!
"all those years, they were here first "
"take this sinking boat and point it home, we've still got time "
"after like two weeks, picture-editing is compleeeete!"
doesn't feel like guardinggg   annoyed  night 
hopes tomorrow will be better  annoyed  <propfemale> christmas 
tripods are so handy!  laugh 
misses <propfemale> and darien all kindsss
blood brothers at 2:50 on sunday morning? yes  goodnight!
had fun with oskar tonight  love 
in san <propfirst> now  heading to south <propfemale> tomorrow morning   
"later, california   love   annoyed "
can't wait for <propfemale> in wonderlandddddd  laugh 
aa yay?
bon iver love 
has a blue lightning bolt on her face o o lady gaga?!
lazy day  ahh d:
is feelin' optimistic!
raaaaaain  laugh 
misses pookie 
thunda!
"its only up to you, and that's the hardest pill to swallow "
i don't know what to do for my 365 today   hmmm    
ees dat bad? ees dat bad por you?!
is getting bettah at blending  smile 
is taking the sat tomorrow morning =[
"today was surprisingly mainly kind of a good day! math hates me, but i did well on the reading english part of the sat  and we got first place at our first color guard competition of the season! yayyyy  laugh "
had fun with <propfemale> today  love 
doesn't feel nice =[
???????????  laugh 
 annoyed 
ahhhh show todayyyy  smile  come see us!
"had a good day  smile  well, mostly night  we took 2nd place which aint bad! and we did the punch dance (for <propfemale>) as one of our warm-ups  smile  yayyy"
i have had absolutely no energy all day until kinda sorta right now  ayyeee  -_-
"if the world could remain within a frame like a painting on a wall, well i think we'd see the beauty, then we'd stand staring in awe of our still lives posed like a bowl of oranges "
dammit 
"\ehhehehh! look at hare! she is washing her clodes with a rahk!\"""""
had a bunch of fun tonight  smile 
oh my lawwwdd i can't get sick d:
is having <propmale> 2009-graduate withdrawals  ahhh d: i miss everybody!
i'm really mad at my immune system right now  _ 
aaaawkward   
"come to the cabaret tomorrow? doors open at 6 smile 0, show starts at 7  it's 6 bucks at the door i think  hopefully i don't suck; my immune system still doesn't like me   sad "
-tries to keep good mindset- go to cabaret tonighttttt  auditorium  7pm  $6  i be singin  smile 
"can't talk anymore, but tonight was funn!"
me and pewkie are sneaky 
needs new music  any suggestions?
i actually have a clear idea of what to do for my 365 today  laugh  yayyy!
"whyyyy, camera charger, whyyyyy?!"
ask me things maybe? http annoyed  www formspring me karlalar
"hello, hello, calling a <propfirst> prejektdorinski to the front of the catherdral; you have won  dear sir, may i congradulate you first? oh, what an honor "
we got first place at <propfirst> high school yesterday! woooo  laugh 
i wanna be like <propfemale> <propfemale> when i grow up 
school? ewwww   
houseandliz love 
got into csumb  laugh 
"there will be a hamster, little beeeee love "
decisions? oh nooo d:
rogue wave love 
annoyingggggg 
effing discussion sheets    can i go to sleep now?
wgi union city scholastic a championnnnn  laugh  yammm! go guardiez 
nothin like a little imogen heap at 3:18am   love  why am i awake?
"baby went to amsterdam, she put a little money into traveling  now it's so slow, so slow "
i'm getting a lot of photoshoot requests lately  yayyy  laugh 
had a great time with sienna today smile 
to everyone i saw at lunch today: sorry  i was really mad  annoyed 
it always seems like itunes knows what mood i'm in when it's on shuffle 
"this is how it works: you're young until you're not, you love until you don't, you try until you can't, you laugh until you cry, you cry until you laugh, and everyone must breathe until their dying breath  i love reginaspektor"
those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been 
homahlawdd i'm on the internetz?! woo! happy birthday callala smile 
has internetz on her own computerrr  laugh  yussss 
first at monta vistaaaa  laugh  woop
"i don't like lazy sundays  but, i do like conor obersts  so i guess today's not that bad  kinda "
warning: no phone 
warning: no phone  today is not a good day 
has a phone again yayyy laugh 
"well, this kills egg huntin!"
i love watching makeup tutorials 
wall-e  love 
brig?! seriously?! d: -dislike x 511343435434354354-
baby just ate a mosquito eater     =o
likes visiting <propfemale> and talking about ghosts smile 
"me and you, you and me, both of us togethhaaaaa! i love monsters inc "
its super <propfemale> outside 
"its a     red day tomorrow, yeah?"
"\boo\""    \""mamma!\"""""
"i hate my new cable  i don't even have basic channels, so i can't watch glee tonight sad "
saw glee laugh  my favorite was the vogue video 
misses her pookiepookie 
school? but whyyyyyy?!
is it normal to have a zit inside your nose?
is reeeeeaaaaaaaaaaalllllyyyyy lazy right now  it was pretty fun meeting <propfemale>  i'm editing the picchas right now smile 
"the next time you see me, i'll turn away "
"torrid, why are you so e playful ensive?"
is a permitted driver!  laugh  yusss
had a very nice day  love 
"is coooooold, but happy laugh "
i wanna watch mirrormask  love 
"my face is hot, but the rest of me is cold  whatha eff is going on wiff my weird temperatures and stomachy things lately?"
just can't seem to get it right today 
"doood, its lyke, hot in hurr  why am i not outside?"
is now confident kickass karate karli?! i feel like confident should have a k  my tummy hurts dangit  today was nice  now for homework  ewwww 
i wanna watch me some disney right about now 
woke up near the sea 
it's <propfemale>'s birthday  laugh !  love 
you missed when time and life shook hands and said goodbye 
academy of sciences and pookie tomorrowwww love 
it's pookie's birthday    at 12:19am 
"197 down, 221 to go  _ "
"a chair is still a chair, even when there's no one sitting there "
"the bike ride took my mind off of things a little  my butt hurts, though "
"i probably won't do my homework until it's really late, and i'm really tired  srsly  watch "
"internet, this is no time to be a douche  i just started on my homework; told you "
"it's a quarter after one (but not really), i'm all alone and i need you now      p s  iwishicouldreadsuperfast "
<propfemale> allen love 
okay i'm really     really flippin' tired 
today was nice love 
"-is <propfemale>- i want to ride my bicycle, i want to ride my biiiike  i want to ride my bicycle, i want to ride it where i liiiiike   laugh "
"<propfemale> was here, stalking karli's facebook thingy-ma-jig  fear me  > smile "
had a blast today  i want more days like this 
another nice day laugh 
"don't stop when you've never been closer just because you don't know what matters most  the way won't always be so clearly right in front of us  and if the sun will set tonight, we'll hold our secrets up to the sky  as our shadows grow there's nothing left to hide "
"you said you'd be my dream, i could have you every night; and if by morning i'd forgotten you, well, no big deal  i'd be alright because you're the recurring kind; you never really leave my mind "
"back in my day, warped tour was a lot cheaper d:"
"is not going to csumb next year       sad        \hopefully cabrillo lets me in "
"life inside a music box ain't easy; the mallets hit, the gears are always turning  and everyone inside the mechanism is yearning to get out and sing another <propfemale> completely, so different from the one they're always singing "
why is it 9 already?! it feels like i just got home o o     hmmm     prom tomorrow!  love 
prom was superfun  so was the afters  and this mornings  but my tummy hurts really really bad d:
"falling asleep at 6 smile 0pm and sleeping until the next morning is weird  i didn't feel like going to school today  i've been wearing a lot of dresses lately  i wanna go on a bike ride, but it looks kinda cold outside  maybe i'll go anyway "
what if the sword kills the pen?
off to drivers training 
yay freshman day  laugh  i'm having flashbacks already  the only thing i'm wearing that isn't from my freshman year is my pants  woo?
dood  i can't believe the rally is already tomorrow 
stop! rally time! -dances to hammer time-
"had a really good day (except for a few minor details) but! over-all, super awesome day full of people i lurrve love "
"milk, you are not my friend  i ain't <propfemale> gonna drink you <propfemale> no mo!"
wants the ocean right now 
just got home from her last choir concert    ever  -victory dance- it was fun  smile 
i always find it amazing when i hear songs that fit my current situation perfectly 
"i still feel all weird and jittery, but i had a good day smile "
peeeeeewwwwkkkiiieeeee is coming over todaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy  laugh  laugh  laugh 
i have the meanest morning hair ever  it doesn't want to do anything!
"had a nice time with people today love  almost done with my sociology cheat sheet, and then on to government-studying  woohoo?"
high school? over?    woah 
is it possible for pants to make you feel lazy? i think my pants are making me feel lazy 
is jealous that callala got to see raychool at tip n' toe d:!
is a laptoppin' gangsta!  laugh 
i'm having one of those days where it feels amazing to be alive and have such wonderful people in my life   love 
is now a graduate of san <propmale> high  yayyy  laugh 
"had a great day with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and chey smile "
pookie time -hammerdance-
finally has a bathingsuit   laugh 
"if you -like- this status i'll post something i\ like about you on your wall?!  smile "
and <propfemale> was like -flagstabstabstab- and the cricket was like -dead-!
i can't find my tripod  this is rather upsetting 
you had your <propmale>; open arms reject assuming hands  life is finally about to change 
i got a disposable kodak underwater camera  even though it's probably crappy i'm super excited you use it!!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
i finally built up the guts to clean the inside of my camera    and it worked  laugh  no more random dots in my piccchhhaassss  yae 
"i think i've vented enough to enjoy the rest of\ my evening   smile  oh, and who wants to do an outfit, underwater, and or jumping picture photoshoot with me?! i'm looking for a buncha peopleee, and i've already told siennana about it  lemme know!"
"now that it's june, we'll sleep out in the garden  and if it rains, we'll just sink into the mud where it is quiet and much cooler than the house is, and there's no clocks or phones to wake us up "
"true life: \i have acne\"" made me wanna scrub my face real bad  _ """
"so, driver's training is compleeeeettteeeee  -victory dance-  it was a nice drive to <propfirst> hill, except for that huge bird that hit my windsheild  it was really really hard not to laugh, as bad as that sounds "
is going to csumb again!  laugh 
got to see a bunch of great people today love  yayyyy  smile 
that bike ride was in-tents  pookie left me  sad 
"morning bike rides are nice    when you're running on more than 3 hours of sleep, have food in your stomach, and it's not completely up-hill  good morning  i'm going to pride with my oskarbaby today  love "
"skinburn  footzhurt  bodyhurt  sun not friend  sun not friend at all  despite sun not being a friend and really-crowded-frustration, today was fun! yay for spending all day with oskar love , being complimented, feelin' classy, seeing aubree, having couture mini-water weird sculpture thing photoshoots, 45-minute pick-me-up naps and having fun at in-n-out, trying to talk like <propmale> noriega, and to overall superfungaydays laugh "
is never eating red <propfemale> anything ever again  sad 
"so please forgive what i have done  no, you can't stay mad at the setting sun because we all get tired, i mean, eventually  there is nothing left to do but sleep "
had a great day with her carrot man  smile 
"ohai, it's july "
is not your ghost anymore 
"me: \pookie there's something wrong with my hand \""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,my room is spotless and beautiful  laugh 
"telling the truth is the much less annoying and time-consuming way to go about things; so cut the bullshit, <propfemale> "
"ohai, it's the fourth of july! everyone have a nice time watching things e playful lode tonight  laugh "
 smile  it turned out to be a nice fourth of july love  hope everyone had a good time 
"pookie and i just got our fitness on! oh lawd, i tire "
san <propfemale> time with pookie!  laugh 
"-stomps through safeway at 11 smile 0 at night with pookie-\\where's the killing me slowly isle?!\"""""
"ha, next  i had a great day  smile "
"kati: \how come every time i look at your face i want to take my phone and <propmale> it at you?\""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,don't hold me up now; i can stand my own ground 
nothing is as pressing as the one who's pressing would like you to believe 
"say goodnight, super annoying fady hair that \probably no one else noticed was fading but me! ahhh  i did nothing \but exercised all day  pookie would maybe probably actually like me \right now  body    hurt     aye  yay for keeping up with summer goals?"
maybe going away isn't such a bad idea 
apparently people on deviantart don't believe in clothing  geeze  _ 
"shine your shoes, wipe your    face  duloc is, duloc is, duloc is a peeerfect plaaace!"
it's actually beginning to feel like   summer? what?
"can't take back those hours, but i won't regret because you can grow flowers from where dirt used to be "
needs new music again  any suggestions?
interesting night  i liked  thanks for all the music suggestions guys   laugh 
"3am, dead time  heeeere ghostie ghostie ghosties  -enjoys being creepy- goodnight!"
"well, that dilemma is over  i'm signed up for classes now wooooooo  -stops stressing- damn, this keyboard is <propfirst> as hey'll "
i wish i knew about tumblr before i began my 365 
"okay, coming home to spaghetti and stuffed mushrooms says it all  today was a good day   laugh "
is not a fan of une playful ected 5-hour naps  waking up when it's dark is weird ><
had a nice bad bitchin' bike ride  now for my guardies  smile 
<propfemale> sounds like <propfirst> connery in the morning 
needs inspiration 
"finds it hard to tell you, finds it hard to take  when people run in circles, it's a very, very mad world "
"just spent three hours deleting and going through old myspace messages  now they can never make me sad again! i saved the good stuff, though  and i found some old pictures that i had forgotten about  okay, it's 4am  goodnight "
loves ghost shows 
bike ridin' time with siennanananana!
random fun days are my favorite  -sleepy-
"can now scratch watching titanic off the list  i didn't cry that much 'cause the freakin' people pissed me off! but, the old people always get me  dammit  gotta say, though    hearing watching  sienna <propfemale> coile robrock bawl while rambling about womanly things is the funniest shit ever  laugh  great night!  love "
is a flickr pro again  wooooo!  laugh 
is packing for some caaaaaamping  laugh  -excitement-
"<propfirst> darko, you make my brain hurt "
kat deeley's dress on sytycd last night looked like a color guard tunic 
had a nice camping trip smile 
i love when baby goes into meatloaf mode 
"mom annoyed my boss asked me what a thespian was today \""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,bike crashes suck 
it's kinda sad that i still get super excited when good <propfemale> is on tv  laugh 
"<propfemale>, you're such a dish!"
room dirty  elbow hurt  karli lazy  crap 
"looking toward the future, we were begging for the past  well, we know we had the good things but those never seem to last "
"sienna annoyed what's the black girl on the rugrats name again? shaniqua?\"" me annoyed ""susie?!\"" lolololol"""
boo you stink 
lol@school-goers 
"mom, dad, <propfemale> at work + <propfemale> at school + me home alone = singing at the top of my lungs   laugh  yae "
why do i love new school supplies so much? -happy dance-
"i am sick of this gaping hole in my arm  go away and stop hurting, please "
i woke up this morning to a cat sitting on my face 
"'s lips are burnin'  damn you, tapatio "
why is <propfemale> winslet so damn cute?
"this is how it works: you peer inside yourself, you take the things you like, then try to love the things you took  and then you take that love you made and stick it into someone else's heart, pumping someone else's blood  and walking arm-in-arm, you hope it doesn't get harmed; but even if it does, you'll just do it all again "
"kati: \what would you say if a guy told you that your eyes were like a bag from loui?\""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,-complain-
is doing math   ? and kinda sorta understanding it?!?!?! what 
"yard workin' men, you do not make me happy  i wanted to sleep longer d:"
"singing is my substitute for yelling  therefore, being home alone is very nice "
sienna <propfemale> coile robrock is coming to school with me and <propmale> oates today! this makes me happy  laugh 
gets to sleep tonight  yusssss   laugh 
loves sienna <propfemale> coile robrock and wishes her the best of luck with moving to san <propfirst> tomorrow love 
"is getting a new camera soon, possibly smile  -excited-"
"kati: \you sound super quiet and creepy when you're trying to be polite \"""""
"me: \kori there's a stoopid fly in our room that won't stop buzzing \""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,me: \i'm a shitty friend," kori \""\"6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,"i apologize to anyone who got a call from me early this morning  it wasn't me d: apparently someone found my phone and tried calling people in it  but anyway, i have a phone and all of my <propfirst> again so it's all gewd "
"essays, go write yourselves  i have a headache "
ohnoz where did all the clouds go?!
-complain- it is freaking hot in this library 
oh my gawd it's september 
"a word of advice: don't listen to \here's to the night\"" by <propfemale> 6 while looking through old pictures  super depressing """
i think i see a fire cloud out the window of the library o o    ohnoz 
"there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears  and love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears  get over your hill and see what you find there with grace in your heart and flowers in your hair "
"i guess i never grew out of the \boys are icky\"" stage """
"hey you  if anyone needs to get ahold of me, please call  the screen on my phone no longer works, so i can't text  -_- but i can still answer da phonez "
"i hate you too, old desktop piece of bologna  anyway  it was nice catching up with <propfemale> <propfirst> today love   not looking forward to getting up at six, but hey, whateva  i think i'm gonna do the whole red lipstick thing tomorrow, but probably not until it matters  wink  goodnight "
"alrighty, it looks like my phone is done for good  it won't even turn back on now  wonderful, i know  so    sorry, i won't be able to answer back to anyone  hopefully i will have another backup phone until i (might) get one for my birthday  dagnabbit "
i find that it's useless to look cute if you haven't got the personality to back it up  so it's kinda stupid for me to get all prettied-up for that class when i'm too hungry and exhausted to even keep up a conversation  -complain- i am full of babble today 
had one of those dreams last night where you really wish it could have been real once you wake up  it kept me awake thinking about it for a good half-hour  daammmaattt  but at least i actually remembered a dream for once!
you're already the voice inside my head 
"i\ have a replacement phone for now  text me so i can haz numbas  i \already knew pookie's, <propfemale>'s, <propfemale>'s, and darien's  but thass itttt"
   how do i describe a sabre?
"going to japan town for <propfemale> thompson's birthday smile  happy burfday, mah sistuhh  i'm hoping to see sienna <propfemale> coile robrock and or <propfemale> <propfirst> some time while we are there!"
mmmmm i love writing moods 
"has just about the shittiest phone luck ever  my replacement phone only works randomly  it won't send texts to most people  so, if i've called you in the past few days, it's because i couldn't text you  the end "
i would like to chop all of my hair off again 
misses friends  and hugs  especially hugs 
"sharkbate, oo-ha-ha "
eff this crap  i am getting at least four-ish hours of sleep tonight  hmph 
"my sandwich needs to quit looking at me all \eat me\""-like """
lives in a yellow submarine 
"i just came up with an idea that i'm pretty excited about  for my next 365-like project, i wanna take each sentence from my bio and take a picture to represent that sentence  it will be like one of those confession projects     the end  laugh "
"is straightener-less  damn you, <propfemale> tie  my hair is like curly as hey'll today  _ "
i had a dream that i met <propfemale> spektor  love 
"alright, red, it's been a good three days, but i think it's time for you to leave  bright hair just doesn't work for me anymore  laugh "
i hate it when my hair looks good at night  what's the point?! and then i sleep on it and it goes all uxbdviousbgiousg and stoopid  complain 
"how did we meet? (copy this onto your status and see who remembers ) \   \-curious-"
would like to take this weather and put it back in the summer where it belongs 
i got my lomo fisheye film developed  laugh  yeyuhh
"this is the anthem, throw all ya hands up "
"incredibly strong gross fail coffee, fun volta-filled car ride, and the blood brothers  now that's a nice morning  laugh "
"as my college e playful erience progresses, the stronger my bullshitting skills become "
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! i feel super loved  laugh   love 
"well, i'm finally legal  i'm definitely going to remember this birthday  spending all day with kor and <propmale>, going to panda, getting lots of facebook lovin', having my teacher crush and everyone in that class sing to me, taking random <propfemale> bikerides and having my first encounter with a cop   ? yeah, it was pretty great  laugh "
"saw conor freaking oberst  even though we only got to see him play about three songs 'cause we were late, it was soooo worth it  love  now all i need is to see <propfemale> spektor, then my life will be complete  -cheesy- anyway  i also had a fantastic day with sienna <propfemale> coile robrock, later joined by <propmale> oates  thanks you guys  love  now, it's passing out time  laugh "
"kori: -inspects- \    do these have eggs in them?\""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,is just a speck of dust inside a giant's eye 
the wind is making the windows make creepy noises 
"we won't stop until somebody calls the cops  and even then, we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened "
i didn't just accidentally drop my pen off of the second floor balcony   
i've been playing the beatles all morning  this would be perfect if only weather com hadn't lied to me and it was freakin' raining  i feel like starting an angry mob against  the weather man like in that one fairly oddparents episode  where's my pitchfork?
that box and those memories finally buried  i love getting rid of old stuff 
sleep want now  head hurt  miss oskar  complain 
is looking for faces in the clouds 
does anyone have a functioning verizon phone that they don't use anymore and are willing to give me?  annoyed 
had a nice evening with <propfemale> hindman and sienna <propfemale> coile robrock   love  thank you for the phone <propfirst> you are amazing 
"i got my shit dooonnneee  -proud of self- though, it feels kinda strange not having anything to worry about now  ah well, probably won't last long    kaybye laugh "
is a licensed driver woooo  laugh 
now we speak with ruined tongues and the words we say aren't meant for anyone 
fuck stores that only go up to large 
looks really pretty 
"rain tomorrow?! weather com, please don't be lying to me again "
saw lots of great people today  love 
flickr i will end you
now this is my kind of weather  love 
i want to jump out of my skin and watch the clouds 
old spice commercials are terrifying 
is nucking futs 
"lookit\http annoyed  www flickr com photos karlalar 5104417958 "
happy people don't give into that sinking feeling 
wants a tree house 
put the past into the ground 
rah rah oo la--kaywhateverbye 
"<propmale> horror glee episode, meh  <propfirst> as magenta, damn sexy "
"pinky, you can stop hurting now  i got to see pookie today love "
the best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time 
"feet  hurt  but, good halloween love "
day of the dead event toniiigghht  smile 
there should be more days like this 
no longer has claudius <propmale> shnitzelheimer sad 
research papers are not my friend 
people sense make no 
baby is sleeping on me love 
i miss my <propfirst> herrera love 
"hearts and thoughts, they fade away "
on my way to my new town o o
my parents snore really loudly  kaybye 
i wrote everything except for what i'm actually supposed to write for class on tuesday  yaaaay  goodnight 
"st  <propfirst>, mn is beautiful in the snow "
"flying alone, round two  i'll be home later today "
i hate emotions sometimes  and jet lag  goodnight 
i'm in california for 39 more days  let's make plans 
"30 seconds to mars concert, damn you for being in january "
has rainbow eyeballs 
"4-page essay, 1 5 pages to go    i can do this  it's bullshit time "
"if the silence takes you, then i hope it takes me too "
is using <propfemale> galvan as a table 
people who are in town that are usually not: i would like to see you!
"<propfemale> lavigne's \let go\"" album     childhood?!\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,orrrrdered a new cameraaaa!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
why must the internet connection suck in my room 
is having a great day 
\libra december 2, 2010: you may feel less emotional today about an important issue as the moody \6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,"kori: \i had fun in chemistry yesterday \""\",6999d00d9343ada9efb5d2c228107678,i find that my favorite photos are always the candid ones with real emotion in them  especially laughing ones  laugh 
baby is sleeping    on my back  inconvenient <propfemale> 
i was very happy to find out that there is a math teacher named dr  who at my school 
pookiepookie roadtrip is go!  laugh 
got my acceptance letter from sdsu    finally  yay  laugh 
the dude sitting across from me has an angry look on his face that makes him look like will ferrell 
<propfemale> just laughed in her sleep  _ 
"last night was the last night in our house  off to grammys, then to san <propfirst> eventually  poop "
"well, i'm alive and safe and sitting in my new room with pookie and missing everyone already "
i got my room all unpacked last night  yaaaay  laugh  i will record the daytime view of the house soon!
just dropped pookie off at the airport    :[
"as life gets longer, awful feels softer  well, it feels pretty soft to me  and if it takes shit to make bliss, then i feel pretty blissfully "
just dance by myself?! how sad    but no matter! it's still fun  and just sweat mode turns out to be pretty effective so far  laugh  i'm tired as hey'll 
yaaaay i'm gonna go see against me! next month  smile 
blasting <propfemale> spektor always makes things better   love 
i tested out of the pointless reading class my school wanted me to take  bam 
we were certainly uncertain; at least i'm pretty sure i am   
quest for camelot time  laugh   love 
"(according to wikipedia) the city of san <propfirst> has 964,695 people in it  the state of south <propfemale> has about 800,000  mah lawd "
snow is the prettiest at night 
i spent three hours drawing a chair this morning  yay?
camera is fucking broken  i'm gonna go die now kaybye 
"okay, camera dilemma is over  i can breathe again "
i love being a good bargain <propmale>  laugh 
aww my first snow day  laugh 
"kori: \my heart is ringing     it wants you to answer \"""""
my hair probably doesn't like me at all 
my muscles hurt  yessssss 
i just put a desk in my room  yeeeessssssss 
seeing against me tonight  yeessssssssss 
"bright eyes poster came in the mail  yeeessssss  i ordered one, but they gave me two of bright eyes, and one of the faint  and a cute thank you note from a guy named nate  it made me happy  smile "
what's something that makes you smile? i'm trying to think of things to draw on my collage thing for my design class and i'm running out of ideas  help?
"kids, don't grow up  it sucks "
"goal for the day: complete research outline for speech \accomplished for the day: one source found, one sentence read \\i love having ambition "
"new <propfemale> album =  love \i love that woman "
i kinda want to do another 365 project    hmm 
"zumba!! yeyuh!!!     ooww! no seriously, ow "
"<propfemale> snow, go away so i can ride my bike "
"i hate that feeling when you've gotta sneeze really bad, but then you don't "
this week has been full of fail 
"i'm missing my family pretty badly right now  <propfemale> galvan, <propfemale> <propfirst>, darien rovella, <propfemale> young, <propfemale> <propfirst>, sierraeats theworld   love "
<propfemale> thompson and i listen to snoopy snoopy poop dawg 
"kori: -hits me with boot-\me: what the hell\kori: haw   it's like a doctor's test!\me: no it's not that's my freakin <propfemale>!"
hoy! ten-thousand years will give you such a crick in the neck!
i don't think i've ever been so excited to be able to see the front lawn before 
 laugh !!!!!!
super old journal entries are so interesting to read 
"not excited about taking a road trip to minneapolis by myself tomorrow, but i'm super excited to see bright eyes with <propfemale> when i get there  laugh "
bright eyes was amazing  totally worth the lonesome four-hour road trip and getting lost like three times   laugh 
