3ad71aba27c4ac77006ee427f2f02121
wde!!
what is going on?!?!?! auburn come on!!
finally!!!!! war damn eagle!!!!!
has work early in the morning   booo
you gotta love family  wink 
when does the drama end?
neeeds to quit thinking so hard
"work,work,work"
in so much trouble!!!!
just got done watching transformers 2!!!
sleepy
why can't people grow up?
coaching the swim team
glad it's the weekend
"another day done and gone in valley, <propmale> "
not wanting the weekend to end
bored out of my mind
ready for the weekend
glad the weekend is here
"growing up is a part of life and we will all have to do it i understand that, but why can't friends that have been friends for years stay friends with each other and why is there so much drama,hate, backstabbers, and liars in the world if  the world is su"
wishing i was far far away from valley       
thank you everyone for my birthday wishes!!!  smile 
"nothing to do,but then again that's nothing new   "
i just wants things to go back to the way they use to be  i know it's cliche to say but i miss him and i want him back     
i have a bad feeling in the bottom of my stomach   a sicking feeling and not sick like the flu   
so much to say   rip <propfirst>
had a great day
studying
sitting in biology  bored
help
one day at a time   
movie time!!!!!
so deeply bored
i'm doing great  smile 
i meant what i said and i said what i meant
back to school then to work   it's going to be a long day
has a long drive ahead of me 
you are in my prayers big brother  come home soon  you make me so proud!
ready for the weekend
11 more lines and i will be done with my ethics paper however i have some serious writer's block that will  not go away!  sad 
officially done with my ethics paper!!!  laugh 
please have my grandma in your prayer people 
two finals down and three more to go
je déteste officiel<propfemale>ment <propfemale> travail et <propfemale> souhait que je pourrais rentrer à la maison 
is being attacked by a ninja
had a great night   nothing is better than helping a nerd decorating a christmas tree 
you're so vain    
not feeling good    sad 
<propfemale> christmas
tonight is going to be a blast  smile 
"rock, paper, scissors    shoot"
blue and green   smile 
"ok, if waffle house is open 24 hours a day and seven days a week, then why do they have a lock on the door?"
where is the rewind button when i need it?
"so, i found this kitten(which is only two days old according to the vets) in the parking lot at work yesterday and i have decided to name the kitten   spartacus   smile "
the one day i don't wear my rainboots is the one day i need them     sad 
really hates cleaning
psychology class:   $312 00 psychology:   $120 working at the pool:   $8 24(an hour) psychology book falling into the pool and having psyhology class less than an hour:   priceless
glad tomorrow is friday
i had a wonderful night hanging out with lindsey  minus the rain   smile 
"i should had known better, but oh well lesson learned"
i'm hungry  
i thought college was suppose to be fun and not stressful?
today is going to be a good day  smile 
two classes until the weekend   laugh 
snow  smile 
"is watching the construction workers outside the classroom window, instead of working on my paper and listening to the teacher "
so much and so little time to do it in   
needs to finish my english paper instead of playing on facebook
i just met a daytime celebrity   smile 
"what the world needs now is love sweet love, it's the only thing that there's just too little of  what the world needs now is love sweet love, no not just for some but for everyone "
change is inevitable - except from a vending machine
"i had a blast tonight hanging out with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and carissca!! even though i suck at bowling   playful "
made an 85 on my speech  i'm happy with that   smile 
i'm blessed to have such wonderful friends!!  smile 
ugh
have the worse writer's block on earth
have you ever looked back and thought why did i date you or like you?
heading back to my hometown for a while   smile 
there is not enough time to do everything i need to do
no power  
stop t-t-talkin' that blah blah blah
it is now officially spring break!!!!!  laugh 
getting ready to head over to my old hometown and <propfemale> out with the young clan   tonight is going to be interesting and fun!  smile 
"anatomy, english, speech, math, or psy   which one should i work on first?"
english then work   
homework again
again another beautiful day while i'm stuck in school again  what a bummer 
officially depressed   
i lucky to have such wonderful friends  smile 
hmmm  what should i eat for lunch?
watching serendipity  
i'm thinking it is time for    the rodeo
trying to work on my speech but it is working  
time to go swimming in 5 smile 0 in the morning 
anatomy is cancelled!!!  smile 
change of plans for today   no fishing for me just school and work   sad 
time for work 
deep breaths    inhale   exhale   
just turned in my english project paper that is worth 75% of my grade and i'm so glad that i'm done with it 
will have no life this next week and half due to finals
87 5 on my anatomy lab final   five more finals to go 
i never thought i was going to say this but i rather be studying for my final than at work   
two more and four more to go
migraine not fun   sad 
the migraine has worsen  
"work,laying out with <propfemale>, and out with my girls tonight!  smile "
headed to sonic with <propfirst>!
only one final left    smile 
spring term is officially over!!  smile 
e playful erience is the name every one gives to their mistakes 
zz top concert is where you can find me tonight   smile 
i made the <propfirst>'s list  smile 
working all day long  
"\the doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live \"""""
the only true knowledge in life is knowing you know nothing -socrates
back to school i go
i'm seriously thinking about skipping the next 7 and a half of school that i have left  
sick   
i officially don't have a voice   
sun burn+ lack of voice + slight fever + congestion + school all day tomorrow = to a very unhappy sharrae
why are you following me? huh huh huh? the ocean not big enough for you?
this weather just makes me want to be at the beach more  
anatomy test this morning   nervous
86 on my first lecture test in anatomy ii and i'm very very happy about that!!!  smile 
spain is going to win!!  smile 
just dance night   smile 
"life's a dance you learn as you go\sometimes you lead, sometimes you follow\don't worry about what you don't know\life's a dance you learn as you go"
baby shower for whittany 
putting an all nighter
spain   smile 
<propfemale> crocker's whipped cream cheese icing  love 
spain  love 
let's go spain!  smile 
"\do you want me to end up lonely and alone?\"" -me \""   in a casket \""- <propfemale> brown"""
horseshoes + old people = tons of entertainment
sometimes i wish i knew what is going happen in life for me but then life would be boring to live in 
thank you lord that no one was hurt and there was no damage done 
migraine please go away   
learning recipes from my daddy   smile 
"has to be a work at 5am tomorrow, but i can't fall asleep   i think i will need lots of coffee or something in the morning "
babysitting <propfirst> and <propmale> 
thank you everyone for my birthday wishes!!  smile  it made my day!
loves how the before and after pictures in weight loss commercials are different 
hates being late to places 
filling up water balloons with <propfemale> at 1am 
"don't tell me you are watching your child and hand the child a noodle and turn your back to them so you can flirt, text, or talk someone   "
"the next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em  do it and say, \mosquito\"" and quickly walk away"""
loves me some chocolate   love 
so i'm going to ask for a favor from everyone please pray for my grandmum 
"well hello there what is your name? it is nice to meet you rock bottom,my name is sharrae "
i have missed my <propfirst> <propfemale> and glad we able to catch up tonight   smile 
this means war 
krispy kreme doughnuts are a perfect way to start off the day   love 
war eagle!!!!
today is the day  
waffle house  love 
i officially hate t-mobile 
"school, work ,tutor, study, maybe some sleep  repeat "
feels horrible
"great week, got accepted to the nursing program, going to the eagles concert, auburn football, and six flags this weekend!!  smile "
"is honestly scared for my life  while walking into a high school, i witnessed a drug bust in the parking lot  jussayin"
when we were kids why were we in such a hurry to grow up?
loves how the grinch stole christmas
is thankful for my family and friends 
war eagle! however i'm sorry that mcelroy was hurt 
passed microbiology with a b!   smile 
"#9: we haven't seen each other in years; however, that doesn't mean anything when it comes to our friendship! you are my oldest and one of my dearest friends  we have been through plenty of ups and downs but we still made it  no matter where our lives take us some how we always stay in touch with each other  hope one we will be able to <propfemale> out again like in the old days   smile "
believes in christmas miracles 
is tired of being sick because of her wisdom teeth
i could write a best selling novel because of all the events that happened today with <propfemale> brown and family 
fearing for my life while <propfirst> <propfemale> zig zags down the road 
honk honk  smile 
is ready to leave the merry-go-round and ready to have a fun for the rest the night   smile 
wde!!  smile 
way to fail waffle house 
"lord, give me strength "
goodbye facebook  i will see you in march 
"is beyond at a lost of words   i'm still not believing this and waiting for you come into work and tell me about the latest sign you have discovered,<propfemale>  rip <propfemale>"
school was not an opinion today 
"misses you, sweet girl  rip <propfemale> "
"sometimes you got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em"
