2033a7d21f0ca83c8ff4b3df820c336c
"there are a few people that i can name that i would hate to have even think about trying to add me  if they do, i promise i will stab them in the jugular with a freshly sliced orange peel "
i'm going to freaking kill my sister if she doesn't stop tripping out (she just got one of those mix laugh  monster energy drinks)
working on the seven website 
what's benzedrine?
going to cataloochee
"getting a haircut today    i know, i know, surprising, huh? and i'm sorry, i'm not getting it cut short  i'm just trimming the dead ends and styling it different "
"i got my hair cut & styled  unfortunately, it was cut alot shorter than i wanted it to be "
my hair    it's definitely lol-worthy   
working with fl studios again    hopefully i can get it finished before i leave
"is it bad if you're late for special <propmale> and the teacher calls you \tardy\""?"""
"i'm baking an egg and cheese burrito, and everything's gonna turn out great "
"playin around with fl studios, making yet another song (possibly about ham salad)"
i need a hug  from anybody  except a man 
"apparently, i have 5 kids, 2 of which i lost in the washing machine "
"that's gay, you can't do drum rolls on fl   "
i can't wait till school lets out   
"watching that law-abiding citizen movie, it's really wierd   "
"okay, mgs2 is rly starting to creep me out    "
"i think im gonna hop in the shower, and when i get out, i'll try styling my hair scene-ishly "
"bamboozle seemed pretty awesome,    i'm tired"
"i spent 3 1 2 hours on the most epic song you've ever heard, only to accidentaly close the window  now i have to start all over again "
"i spent 5 1 2 hours in fl studios working on the most epic song you've ever heard in your life, only to accidentally close it out  now, 5 1 2 hours of work have gone down the drain "
saw iron man 2 in some theatre in <propfemale>  got back at 2 surprise 0 in the morning!
"well, i've got the beat finished for a new song, just gotta wait till i can fix the mixer to add the lyrics"
   i've got a headache   
just rockin' on youtube    dahvie vanity cracks me the fuck up!!!
"screw the rules, i have money!"
my sister's mad at me cuz i won't give her random animals on zooworld 
call of duty: world at war has nazi zombies? i've been enlightened today 
annoying children must die
why am i being told that i played a game yesterday that i never even heard of? especially since i havent been on in weeks?
"screw the rules, i like sting solo albums!!!"
people who watch lost will spend an eternity in the seventh circle of hell
i miss my long hair now  sad 
i didn't notice how incredibly stupid the inception spoof was until i watched the original trailer   
don't you just hate it when
why does the worst shit happen during christmas break???
w-l ratio is 8-34 now    i think im losing my edge    
"brb, everyone  i was told i must go \ide\"" in a hole """
how can the world end in 2012 if i have a can of peaches that e playful ire in 2013?
hopefully the shuffle notes results aren't a sign of things to come   
is it actually illegal to name your child satan?
"if someone could figure out how to load projects on fl studios without paying $7,000 for all the plugins, i would appreciate being told about it "
the most epic song on this planet has just been born!!!
scrubs  it never gets old 
i've practically mastered it with 2 mallets  my goal is to master 6 by the end of the year  wish me luck 
people take sarcastic comments on youtube way too seriously 
