4d7eb646e414478626408ab7746376ca
this is going to be a good year  wink  im sooo ready!!!
is blessed  smile 
really enjoyed working the camp as well as reconnecting with old friends  smile 
is full of joy  smile 
is full of joy  smile  yet he actually misses doing band camp lol
and so begins american wind symphony        
enjoyed the first day of american wind symphony  smile 
enjoyed woodwind quintet today!  smile 
why keep dreaming when you can turn them into reality!
another day out on the boat
loves the hummel octet!!!!!!!!!
"is trying out this cube field game, and its kind of angering him      lol"
is his usual joyful self  smile  it just never gets old
is off to play another concert
loves the lord with all his heart  smile 
"1 concert down, 17 to go"
absolutely loves his canadian host family  smile 
finds it rather impossible not to be happy  smile 
2nd awso concert tonight
enjoyed a wonderful 2nd awso concert  smile 
absolutely loves holst's first suite  smile 
loves listening to bassoon
loves mackey's concerto for soprano sax and wind ensemble!!
enjoyed his day off in canada with his wonderful host family  smile 
is reminiscing on old recordings of baylor wind ensemble  smile 
absolutely loves life  smile 
now has a better understanding of just how blessed he really is  smile 
is blessed with some wonderful friends  smile 
"loves that even with the smallest amount of faith, life can be absolutely perfect  smile "
"is feelin wonderful and lovin life, as always  smile "
remembers what his life was like before he really knew the lord       wow what a mess        so happy to be on track!  smile 
"is now in mackinaw city, michigan       and loves fudge!!  smile "
loves <propmale> point holiday!!!!!
off to play concert number 7 of 18
enjoy good decisions and learn from bad ones       life always moves on  smile 
"another concert down, really loved the handel  now to enjoy some time off  smile "
"8 weeks down, 1 to go  smile "
only 1 concert left!!!! then back to baylor  smile 
just now finished his work          oooooo weeeee
is about to practice like nobody's business!
"my savior, he can move the mountains  smile "
is so joyful that life is perfect all the time!!  smile 
enjoyed a wonderful baylor wind ensemble concert  smile 
is going to a baylor football game for the first time without the marching band! and will be getting a funnel cake  smile  nom nom nom nom
is about to show copland how its done  smile 
is about to enter the child's garden of dreams           lol
is ready for some row row row your boat  wink 
thanks god that joy comes in the morning!!!!!!  smile 
will be hanging out with some wonderful friends tonight  smile 
"goodbye waco, hello <propmale>"
back in waco
is lovin life! as usual  smile 
is about to go to the gym!  smile 
life is wonderful  smile 
is very excited about finally getting to go to church again! it couldn't come any sooner  smile  a week is too long to wait         
is overflowing with joy  smile 
doesn't do sad  smile 
has no room for fear in his life
"has many changes to make in his life, but will enjoy the results  smile "
new mouthpiece in the works       
loves life  smile  that is all
"has learned much, but there is still soooooooo much more to learn"
is pumped that nothing is too big for god!  smile  absolutely nothing!!!!!!
"quote of the day: the lord fuels my joy, and absolutely nothing can take it from me  smile  what a perfect life he has given us!"
loves this constant state of complete peace that he usually seems to be in  smile 
"has some extremely difficult and seemingly impossible tasks ahead of him, but is excited to know for a fact that they will all be met! no prob  wink "
loves making music  smile 
thinks that <propfemale> brown's recital is gonna be absolutely beautiful  smile 
is full of unending joy  smile  i couldn't be sad even if i tried!
thinks his roommate is a very talented jazz musician  smile 
lives under the fruit tree  wink 
does not like polyphonic mass cycles            bump this paper 
about to turn in for the night  smile 
"had a very intense, yet very productive lesson today  smile "
is full of joy  smile 
is stank boompty jank nasty crunchy   but loves <propfemale>!
is keeping his focus on the important and meaningful things in life  smile  and is still full of joy!
wow        god takes care of me reeeallll good  smile 
hearts asphalt cocktail  smile 
is full of love and joy  smile 
goin to <propfirst>'s pizza with some of the baylor crew  smile 
"is tightening his focus on the things that really matter in life, those things that are eternal, not temporal "
is following the course  smile 
is very much confused at the moment  sad 
the life lived for others is the life worthwhile  smile 
"quote of the day: be kinder than necessary, for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle "
"no guilt in life, no fear in death  this is the power of christ in me  smile "
nothing can hurt unless you give it the power to 
"we move on in life by forgetting the past and reaching for the future  so simple, yet so misunderstood "
buried under the biggest burden is a good place to find an even bigger blessing  smile 
time to tackle the francaix 
"<propfirst> - 1, francaix - 0    smile "
the heart has reasons that reason does not understand 
off to waco for a bit       
workin in ras' office              
"had a very productive, eventful and joyful day full of divine favor        finishing up work at baylor then heading back to <propmale> soon!!!  smile "
is back home  smile 
loves this constant state of joy that he is always in!!!!!!!!!! ooooooooo weeeeeeeee i couldn't imagine life any other way!!!!!!!!!!
is about to go take care of this sweet tooth  wink 
 smile 
loves thunderstorms  smile 
"more than all the stuff that comes along with christmas, i love the reason for the season  smile  it brings so much comfort, peace and joy that cannot ever be taken away! let us not overlook or forget this "
happy birthday jesus  smile 
"absolutely awesome christmas  smile  with their powers combined, my uncles are freakin hilarious!!!! trying not to have a heart attack from laughter!! lol"
got his new sax mouthpiece! time to test it out 
"enjoyed seeing avatar with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> and company  smile "
loves ncis!!!! what a great show!!!!
is livin the good life!!  smile 
is excited and ready for this upcoming semester!  smile 
packing up
back in waco
a <propfemale> heart does good like medicine  smile 
is full of love and joy  smile 
rab just visited baylor
is becoming very good friends with the saxophone at the moment
is full of joy  smile 
is doing awso again lol  here we go 
can play video games and study for band lit at the same time!!!! freakin sweet!!!!!!
"no worries or concerns whatsoever  smile  in the big picture, these little things don't really even matter"
great concert tonight  some absolutely wonderful musical moments  smile 
headin back to <propmale> soon for a long awaited spring break! then off to new york for a few days  smile 
remembers now how much he eats when he's in houston      soooo goot!!!
home sweet freakin home!!!!!
is very excited about this summer  smile 
girl scout cookies + tv + couch = absolutely amazing
isn't life just awesome?!?!?!  smile 
fun night just chillin downstairs with the family  smile 
back in school mode  bring it baylor!!!!!!
loves the saxophone  smile 
is gonna go for a little walk on the bear trail 
has lots of stuff on his mind right now      lots 
will make some wonderful music for the lord today  smile  sic'em recital 
will go to the gym tonight!
so it has begun       i will show no mercy 
"is seeing the end of a great school year  gained some absolutely wonderful friends, and has grown so much closer to the lord  smile  excellent! life couldn't get any better "
thinks that we should do late night early morning clarinet studio ihop adventures on one of the dead days     any responses clarinet friends?????
is full of joy  smile 
is full of joy  smile  once again
is blessed  very blessed!  smile 
is now in the world of the iphone  updated from my iphone   smile  lol
"is about to conduct the american wind symphony in a full concert, also to be aired on live television! here we go      "
"great concert tonight  what wonderful musicians god has allowed me to work with! awesome job to all awso members, i love you all very much  smile "
"is now home, and will now sleep  smile "
awso this summer was a blast! now must continue to move forward though  smile 
<propmale> symphony tonight  smile 
never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved  smile 
god is a funny god indeed lol  he never fails to make me smile  smile 
wow there is a taco stand parked literally 10 feet from my house      i can make an order from my bedroom window!!!!!!
is ready for a giant bowl of ice cream 
leaves for mexico tomorrow  smile 
"in mexico, helping childrens  smile "
"absolutely awesome time in mexico, but glad to be back in good ol' texas  smile "
loves the fact that there was a totoro toy in toy story 3 
off to waco
 smile 
"<propfirst> duplantis is an absolutely amazing man of god! if you want to learn and grow, check him out  wink "
audition music this year is fun stuff!  smile 
beat my score 5490 in icopter classic in classic theme on iphone  http annoyed  itunes apple com us app icopter-classic id301409454?mt=8
glorious one
off to college station
loves thunderstorms!!! makes reading for mungy's history class more enjoyable     maybe       lol
his name is a strong and mighty tower  smile 
"ok daphnis, the time has finally come       bring it onnnnn!!!!!"
wants a change
"when the oceans rise and thunders roar, i will soar with you above the storm  smile "
"i will serve the lord with all my heart, all my mind, and all my strength"
could not be happier right now with his church home and family!!! praise god!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> <propfemale> = cool people
any prayers right now will be gratefully accepted  smile 
"many burdens have been lifted, thank you lord  smile "
my car now smells like a brazilian carnival          
"always be kinder than necessary, for everyone is fighting some kind of battle"
is soooo freaking excited about half night of prayer at antioch tonight!!!! you dont even know!!!!!  laugh 
absolutely wonderful saxophone practice session  laugh  now off to church for the remainder of praise and worship night! <propfemale>!!!
never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved 
1 corinthians 13:1
"just called a hallway a \hugway\""       wow       shows how much i like hugs lol"""
                        
is moving closer and closer to him every day in many wonderful and une playful ected ways  smile 
blah blah blah blah im <propfirst>  wreaaahhhhhhhhhh  i forgot to log off the computers  wreaahah wreeahahah blah blah blah  one food please 
the lord is revealing to me a fuller understanding of his joy that dwells within us  smile 
"the lord has instilled his overwhelming joy within me, and there is nothing that can take it from me! through all hardships i will grab hold of his peace that surpasses all understanding  though bad things may happen, his spirit will always be my source of life  smile "
is getting back to his old self again  wink  thank god that joy comes in the morning!
praise to the <propmale> of kings! you are my everything!  smile 
more important than a problem to be solved is a person to be loved  wink 
the joy of the lord is my strength!!!  laugh 
"lord, what will you have me to do today?"
let the fire burn!  laugh 
"today = zeiss research paper, study for <propmale> test, baylor vs  texas, and the occassional video game  wink "
holy crap baylor!!! sic'em!!!! now to finish my sad and neglected zeiss paper          
"is so happy for church tomorrow, i always leave there feeling great with some new insight  smile  praise god!"
i can do all things through christ who strengthens me!!!  laugh 
wallace+zeiss in the same semester = megadeath insanity       good thing i have an unstoppable god who's got my back!
waco symphony concert tonight!  laugh 
will walk in the spirit and not the flesh
god's spirit is overwhelming! it's too much to keep it all in!
 smile 
ready for church! praise!
fun concert at the zoo! clarinet section was a blast  laugh 
words cannot describe how awesome you are 
never let your memories outweigh your dreams  wink 
nothing has the power to save but your name!
go to <propfemale> shepherd's senior clarinet recital at 4 smile 0 in <propfemale> grove or <propmale> rodriguez gets it! (featuring the wonderfully magnificent and prolific <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> as <propfemale> turner)  laugh 
<propmale> potter was great! really enjoyed seeing it with <propfirst> utley and <propfirst> ramirez!  laugh 
 smile 
1 <propfirst> 4:7-8
"church today really hit home with me  wow, that is all i can say  thank you god!!!!!!"
absolutely wonderful concerts tonight! i kind of really want to add music for prague to the recording           petition anyone? lol
is finally back in <propmale>  smile 
ncis marathon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you have pulled me out of the darkness so many times, thank you lord!!  laugh "
"pauls pizza with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propmale>!!"
 laugh 
the power of god is absolutely astounding!!!!
how great is our god!!!!!!!!
on the way to beautiful waco
"just got back in waco, now straight to church! praise god!!!"
"very rough day today, but for every problem god has already shown me clear solutions  excited to see how he will work throughout the rest of today!"
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>! hallelujah he reigns!!!"
philippians 4:13 + 2 corinthians 9:8
"is finding snowflakes in his bed          thanks to <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>       "
i seek less of me and more of you
pirates of the caribbean = best soundtracks ever!  laugh 
hillsong is coming to <propmale>? i'm happy now!  laugh 
is really terrible at apples to apples 
 smile 
1 corinthians 13:4-8
"a very happy birthday to my lord in heaven, who made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us and loves us unconditionally  smile  i give you all the praise, <propfemale> and honor!!"
my sister is cray cray            one of a kind!
"<propmale> python = hilarious! on a side note, too much brazilian carnival is a bad thing <propfirst>!!!!! ugh my car is gonna smell for weeks           "
lord i lift your name on high!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is a fetusface
back in waco  smile 
doesn't know how his body feels about being awake at this odd of an hour        
everybody at baylor come to recital hall ii at 10 surprise 0 and <propfemale> grove at 4 surprise 0 today if you can so you can observe our potential new clarinet professor!!! please!  laugh 
thank you lord for such wonderful revelation and for always speaking to us!
loves spending time with the lord  smile 
your love is a song  smile 
"everything i do, i do for you  all of the music i make, i make with you in my heart  i will make music with the lord!"
thank you lord for letting me simply make music with you tonight  smile 
god never ceases to amaze me!
1 corinthians 13:4-8 is some great stuff
lord i lift your name on high!!!
music building smells terrible! might be time for some brazilian carnival            
little children are awesome! so much can be learned from even the smallest of things 
the joy of the lord is my strength!!!!! i can do all things through christ who strengthens me!!! not just some things      all things!!!
break my heart for what breaks yours
everybody should go to dr  jacobson's recital tonight at 7 smile 0 in <propfemale> grove hall! if you want to hear some amazing saxophone playing and wonderful music making that is the place to be  just sayin         smile 
mighty to save  smile 
the life lived for others is the life worthwhile  wink 
the sax studio is filled with such cool people  smile  you guys gals are great!
"fun night morning with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, jj, <propfemale>, <propfirst>iel and <propfirst>! p s  - i still win at <propfirst> party     if not that then definitely brawl    lol"
the lord will supply all my needs according to the riches of his <propfemale>  smile 
lord i lift your name on high!
by his stripes we are healed!!!!
i wanna know who our new clarinet professor is!!!!!!! ugh!!!! (whines in baby voice!!!)
lord show me more of you!
off to waco today
anyone in waco not have dinner plans tonight?
 smile 
proverbs 23:7
excited for school to start up again! yet more opportunities for the lord to build and shape my character to his image!  smile 
<propmale> <propfirst> loves monkeys
mighty to save  smile 
i wish i could find people who like ncis as much as i do  sad             lol
no low brass methods tomorrow!!!! extra sleep  smile 
glorious one!
i have never been so tempted to completely annihilate another vehicle with my truck as i am right now with this parking services woman in front of me          is this bad? lol
