6066281dae62639d9cd60feb69fe3de1
stoked that usa beat spain!  smile 
pirate's birthday is coming sooooon!!!
"no to zelaya, no to chavez!! rawrghhh!"
broken
"pirate's birthday was a smash! he liked his new toy, new treats and all the people that came out! woooot!"
just got back from west texas
www giantstars de
i ?? stumbling!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs a roommate pronto!
i hate twitter
loves texas  period 
"melrose place tonight at the keep!!!! wooo! ten thirty sharp, be there    or be somewhere else "
"phoenix was the bomb diggity  listzomania, if i ever feel better, too young and 1901! oh happy lucky happy day  smile "
i wouldn't be lying if i said that one of my favorite things is just cleaning the house all alone with the music up loud  i think i learned it from my mom 
obama won the nobel peace prize       what?
whose going to the ou game?!?!                                                                                                                            me!!
who is going to the ou game? woot wooot
just got back from the game    pretty damn amazing minus my vicious face sunburn  i should have known!
just thinking about the amazing weekend i had    and the delicious tacos <propfirst> just brought me  i love my friends ?
"i have lost all of my cds  phoenix, magical mystery, of montreal    who knows what else  this is a tragedy  please return home!"
back in town! had an amazing time    so blessed to have such great weekends and great friends 
just had a really great lunch  and breakfast  and breakfast yesterday  i love food!!!
hungerssss
because it seems obvious happiness is one-sided 
going to the bb game tonight!!! wooo texas!!!!!
it's snowing and i just ran out in the street and beat some pirates up!!! wooooooo!!!
worked out during lunch! feeeeeeeling fine ?
"though she was born a long long time ago, your mother should know   "
wants a re-do  baby <propmale> wasn't ready!
wishes everyone happiness
is so disappointed with some people  what are friends anyway?
"had a fabulous weekend! i love my peeps, my new car and my boo! ?"
got a promotion! yay! ?
and flowers at work?! ahhh   im so happy  smile  ?
"had a good dinner, is excited about my new computer and cant wait to get back on wow!  smile "
"did vegas, disneyland, san <propmale> zoo    what's next!!!?!?!  smile "
just lost my whole bracket  sniff sniff    rock chalk jayhawk    
just got back from san <propmale>-- hope everyone has as great an easter as i did!!! ?
had a great two days off!!! happy belated birthday to my boo! ziplining was awesome!!!!
just got accepted to celta!
raise your hand if you remember when you had to have a college email to have a facebook
sick of breathing cigarette smoke   
going to eeyore's!  wink 
ugh! why is shopintuition's website down!!?
just got my passport!! in my hands!!! holdin' it!!! yay!!! see ya us of a!!!  wink 
drill baby drill   
life is just so   
thank you everyone!!! i appreciate all the birthday wishes! ????
what am i doing?
spain! how could you!? so ridiculous! switzerland?? really?!?
love drunk  smile 
lets go usa!!!  smile 
          
"well, at least we got a draw  although im sure we got robbed of a goal "
oh my god!!!!!!!!!!! yayyyyyy!!!! usaaaaaaaaaaaa
just put down my deposit for mexico!!! <propfemale> excited! ?
happy birthday pirate! 3 years and still gorgeous as ever  smile 
i fell into a burning ring of fire
what is this farmville thing!?
is it the weekend already? i cant tell  
everyone have fun at skewwwwwl!!!
"the office sept 23rd, bored to death sept 26th, the apprentice sept 16th    helloooo fall programming, i've missed you!"
i forgot my phone and my wallet at work! so much for going out    
today's for you
you're as cute as could be 
"it's foggy outside, first day of autumn! so long summer, it was good!"
"oh that magic feeling, nowhere to go"
"texas football: i'm really angry    but im not a fairweather fan, so ill eventually forgive you "
when is the facebook bubble gonna pop already?
it's official! november 18th
"just voted-- last day of early voting  if you don't vote, then you can't complain!"
stoked for of montreal tonight!!!
estoy en mexico! el hotel <propfemale> en el centro y tenemos <propfemale> cuarto con <propfemale> patio sobre la calle  muy hermosa  smile  woohoooo!
"just went to the mercado   phew! what a workout! by the time christmas comes, this walking around business is gonna have me hoping to gain weight!! haha"
"vince,\please leave the titans  go to a team and to a state that will fully embrace you and not bench you like the pussy tennesseans  keep your head up; we all know you are a badass \from mexico, \<propfirst>"
"today, i´m thankful for my family  i´m thankful that my baby animals are in good homes and i´m thankful for my family´s support  today i´m thankful for being in mexico, pursuing a dream and i´m thankful for everyone who has helped me make it happen "
coming home the 22nd!!!!  smile 
back home!
got a phone!!!! woooohooooo!!!! and a new job!!! hellllo world!
korea is t -30 days away!!!! im so nervous!!!
