69b92ac365bd5901a1b5ba86a36c1858
ahh! this is so confusing
is still sooooooo confused about facebook and and doesn't know how to write stuff to people or edit stuff
is going to try to actually do something productive on facebook!!
thinks facebook should have a tour guide  annoyed 
is gettin ready to go to the mall!!!!  laugh 
hasn't showered since wednesday!!!! oh    that was yesterday   
aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
uh oh my chat box a thingie stopped working    sorry <propfemale>!!!
is goin out to eat!!!!!  laugh 
 playful 
just realized famous people have facebooks too  surprise 
is having a <propmale> spaz attack
is going to be sixteen tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
might     be     going    to     water country!!! tomorrow of course  playful 
is      crying  not going to water country tomorrow
going to sleep 15    and waking up 16  smile 
has finally figured out why facebook is so addicting  surprise  ( i loooooooove that emotion face thing!)
is very happy cuz people said happy birthday and made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  smile 
gotta new replacement piece of crap phone     so please text me so i can have your number!!!!
my room smells like febreze  smile 
is so so so so so excited to go on her first officail date!
just watched another <propfemale> story and now wants to be a dancer  smile 
does anyone else think that the summer reading assignment actually seems kinda    easy?
is about to read a looonnnggg boring book  sad 
is about to read a loooonnnggg but maybe not so boring book  smile 
is    hungry
is unfortunately staying home today because my poor baby brother fell and got a bump the size of a quarter on his forehead
babysitting!!!!!!! (i'm excited cuz i get money  smile )
> sad 
ahhh!! school schedule    but but but they forgot to put my latin 4 and and i dont have a 6th block?!?! 1 math analy  hancock 2 theatre art2  3 ap <propfemale> cowling 4 hon  chem  <propmale> 5 study hall (!?!?! i didnt want one!!!) 6 n a  sad  7 dc va teachers hatfield
freaking out over my schdule
is peacefully content  smile 
trying to figure out what kinda awesome new phone i want   
snake!!
is now done playing snake and getting off the computer before her eyeballs fall out
has nothing to say
not totally physched for school on tuesday  sad 
 playful 
<propfirst> thinks i'm cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who is <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst>?!?!?!?
drawing a blank    ideas? 6217541
"due to the asking of who i'm married to, how sorry they were i was widowed, how my divorce is going, and who popped the question    i have decided to update my relationship to something more appropiate  smile "
honestly doesn't even have time to be typing this  crying 
tttiiirrrreeeedddd
please oh please oh please oh please let it flood!!!
wants to go to school!  crying 
nooooo my phone died!!!
i am sooooooo tired of making cookies  sad 
"this is my \lifes not fair so im going to go beat up imaginary characters on the wii to make me feel better\"" face: x-("""
is going to make every day of this new year amazing    so far mission success!
vhsl keppni er á morgun! ég er svo spennt!
editing pictures on photobucket takes a reaaalllllly long time   
she kinda looks like me     right??
who can she even vent to anymore?
i winn!!! im up at 5:29 am!!!
my brand new biggest pet peeeeeeve is things (including people!) touching me!!!!!! ahhhh!!!!! im not scared of the germs you guys its just ah dont    touch     me     
i wanna go away  sad 
well    at least the first half of spring break was good   
(see profile picture) that was my day  playful 
"\we can dance if we want to!!\"""""
what to do    what to do   
9 more days     d':
why 
<propfirst> is playing my piano! ok so it might not be miinnnneee but > sad  hes playing the same thing over and over and over and over and over! a stupid chord with random notes and he thinks it sounds good but it doesnnnnttt
my profile picture saaaaays it alllllll     smile 
school needs to be over  sad  cuz im done!
dum dum dum dum dummmmmmmmm
donde  <propfemale>  la biblioteca 
wants <propfirst> to come home!  sad 
 
life is good i cant complain  smile  i mean i could but no ones listening
how do you make a rainbow with only one color?  sad 8
blah  blah  blahhh
awesome time at the beach yesterday! (including the thundery rain!!) thaaaaaaank you guys!
ahhh    seniors at last  smile 
i hate packing i hate packing i hate packing i hate packing!
third years are awesomely amaziiinnnggg!!! i love u girls!!  love 
almost forgot she had a brand new ipod touch waiting for her at home!!!!!!
watching a little <propfemale> this movie makes me cry! but its so good!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ckkblimfmji&feature=youtube_gdata
almost kinda sorta done being the parent for 2 days! kids are crazy!!! i've had fun but it's time for me to be a teenager again!
today i learned why people wear shoes to play soccer 
lovin efy!!!!!!
just made a cake and is going to eat it too  smile 
i'm walkin in sunlight even when it looks like it's covered in rain clouds
its like walkin in sunlight when the whole world is covered in rainclouds!!
must learn how to play volleyball!
had a super lazy no-fun day  sad  no productiveness and no friends!!
rainy day by coldplay from prospekts march
you're a genius so make today famous
"you can go with this or you can go with that    or you can go with this, this is where its at "
at the university of richmond for private college week!! its super pretty! should i be a spider?
<propmale> college tomorrow! four hours in the car ugggghhh
in charlottesville!!! excited for uva tomorrow!
"charlottesville: awesome shops, beautiful views, tasty foods  wink  , uva!!!"
and if you get the <propmale> to sit it out or dance     i hope you dance 
feels uber loved by all her friends wishin her happy birthday!!! thank you all so much!!!!!! love you all!
life moves pretty fast; if you don't stop and look around you just might miss it 
but then what happens? wait what just happened?
"and then i ask who \title of a unwritten book i am about to right"
i figured if they could build pocket sized nukes they could fix the hallway i was about to blast into a million pieces 
sleep? never! i have to ponder about the universe before i become a adult!
"yesterday i played school with <propfirst>, she was the teacher  today we are playing hospital, she's the doctor! why does she get all the good parts?!"
has already slept half of today away!
hersey is the best kisser  wink 
hershey! is the best kisser haha
whenever i'm on the computer i don't type lol i type lqtm (laughing quietly to myself) it's more honest 
just woke up from a dream about the first day of school     why must these nightmares haunt me?!?!
i made varsity!!! hey! someones gotta keep those benches warm  smile 
bush gardens: $75  watching my little brother run around in elmos water park in just a dipar: priceless
my dad just popped a giant blister on my foot! that thing was huge! too gross to do it myself though thank goodness for daddys!!!!
outer banks tomorrow! don't wanna drive though  sad  good thing i love @<propfemale> pyne!
outtaaa baannnnkkkkkssssss! to all my elect nc buddie lemme knowif i'm gonna be close to u!
no i'm not packed! yes i leave tomorrow!
"\she's lump she's lump she's in my head!!\"""""
buffalo wings! in buffalo!! with àkeely criddle and àjessica pyne!
niagra falls!!!!  smile )))
erie county fair!! pigs  rides  pig rides  cows  food!  smile 
what hurts the most was bein so close and havin so much to say then watching him walk away   
watching <propfirst> beck! i love my dvr   
is really mad that the school never gets her schedule right!!!
gotta get off the computer! cuz corys yellin at the printerl lol
yes im going to do my summer work!!!!       tomorrow!
"\scared about the future and i wanna talk to you   \"""""
"1st physics\2nd ap lit and comp\3rd ap stat\4th ap gov\5th study hall with coston\6th study hall with francis!!\7th va teacher for tommorrow part ii"
what would you do for a klondike bar?
on my way to d c to restore honor!! yay <propmale> beck!
on the metro!! im sooooo exciteddddddd!
im babysitting and i was holding their guinnie pig and it chewed a whole in my shirt!!!
"\when a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that the dunces are all in a confederacy against him\"" <propmale> swift"""
why does everyone keep telling me senior year is going to be the best ever? all my friends were seniors last year an they're gone!! this year is going to be  playful  can't wait for college!
wanted: government article writer will love forever and ever
ahhhhh bed     we meet at last
"remember how i said i wasnt going to have a fun senior year? yeah, scratch that!!! sen11orr!!!! whooo!"
better stop judgin lest i be judged!!!
"<propfirst> dye they climbin in yo window snatchin yo ppl up, you are reallly dum, you are <propfemale> dum, for reaaaal!"
potomic mills     i love you!
i am not short!
i just got attacked by the kids im babysitting  sad (
who wants to come play in the rain with me?!?! (lol)
we should have spirit week every month!
homecomming!!!  smile  with jojo maithem <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> and <propmale> and <propfirst> aannnnd <propfirst>!
"needs a weekend that she can sleep through without worrying about school work, house work, babysitting, applying for colleges scholarships   etc   playful "
senior night tomorrow!!!!! im gonna plaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!! so everyone has to come and watch me be beast  smile 
should my microwave be making this noise?
hollowscreaaaaaaaaam  surprise !
skypein <propfirst>  smile 
eating the fruits (<propfemale>) of my siblings labor!
has decided to become a vlogger!!! yaaay! just as soon as i get my own webcam laptop   
moroni 7:44-47
completed my first 5k race!! 45 minutes isnt that bad right?
cory's home!!!
"\a little bit of chicken fried  \"""""
yay! its christmas-set-up-day!
i will be playing two piano pieces at the chesapeake square mall on december 3rd at 7 smile 0 for the play-a-thon!!!!! it's 100% free so come and see me!! (if you want you can 'pledge' (donate)  any amount of money to the tidewater music teachers scholarships by giving it to me  smile  thanks a billion for reading this long status update  communicate with me in some way if you wish to 'pay to see me play'
oh there's no place like hoooooome for the holidays!!
school should definetly be cancelled today! > sad 
a snow day when its actually snowing! its a christmas miracle!
im a little savage > smile 
call of duty:modern warfare with my brooo!
took my first sleepy loopy pill! sooo nervous about my wisdom teeth coming out tomorrow!! why i am removing wisdom i still do not understand     smile 
doing superly-amazing !! all those good lucks worked! thanks everyone!
 sad  my luck ran out    i am now a chipmunk!
when you're more excited to see the joy on your siblings faces when they've seen <propfemale> has come    then you know what chirstmas is all about  smile  <propfemale> christmas!
true grit!!! best movie evvvvvvvvvvverrrrr!! everyone has to see it!
"the heart is a muscle, thats why i weigh 125lbs! cuz i love everybody!!  love  you everyone"
i suffer from frequent brain attacks
too much too much too much!
<propfemale>
when you get down get up eh eh !
i dont know
<propfirst> evans says im a little savage > smile 
never ever!    no wait always!    hmmm that's not right    just dont screw up 
<propmale> fractured his heel!! and he has a cast but its sooooo cuuuute!!!!!!
me and <propfirst> watched <propfemale> and beezus yesterday    that night she slept in my bed  smile 
"<propfirst> defreitasbrother's week! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud of to have in your life paste this to your status   smile  i ? my brothers"
i sat here for literally 10 minutes trying to think of something witty cool funny crazy good to say    this is all i came up with
im comin home im comin home tell the world im coming home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes 
nice screw up <propfemale>! lol
i didnt do it i didnt do it!!!
pizza at uva  smile  besssst eveeerrr or at least it looks good lol this place is packed!!
jeopardy! watson style  smile 
my little brother won $50 to best buy for winning 2nd place in improv design in a tech competition at odu!!! im so proud of <propfirst>!!!!
sittin in my great-grandparents old chair that has been refurnished  smile  ahhhhhh
its    snowing??!
no iphone for me!!!!!!  sad 
<propfirst>'s crab shack with uncle <propfirst>!!  smile 
"did you see that new movie called \constipation\""? \",69b92ac365bd5901a1b5ba86a36c1858,she shot me! she shot me! bang! bang! she shot me!!
just used a credit card machine!  smile  sooo proud of myself i didnt screw it up!
"on the road with my ipod, trail mix, and family  what more could i ask for?  smile "
just watched waiting for superman    everyone should be required to watch this movie
just watched waiting for superman    everyone should be required to watch this movie
"\let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday\"""""
my new secret operation is underway  smile  dont ask me what it is cuz its a secret!
just bought a new piano!!!
goal for march 14::::: 2 6 <propmale>  smile 
goal of 2 6 <propmale> accomplised!  laugh 
i just had the best family home evening evvverrr! i love you family we miss you <propfirst>!
feels like something big is going to happen and doesnt want to be asleep and miss it!
frrrrr-iiiiiiiii-day
got into jmu!!!  laugh 
wait listed for uva = theres still hope!!!!!
bees are outside!
chili fest!!!
