828a4bec77f242d501670da95b477a6d
totally cut her finger today! it was so stupid!~  annoyed  but i made perfect chocolate lava cakes and perfect creme brules!!! whoo-hoo!  smile 
"okay so today was a good day in the restaurant! i made 6 chocolate lave cakes and 3 creme brules! i also helped out with garde manger and made 4 salads! that was fun! and chef <propfirst> had me plate the creme brule a certain way to go with the \pea's 2\"" them"""
"today was a really slow day in the restaurant  i didnt make any desserts! & now my chef has challenged me to make the most discusting thing on the planet, for the dessert special tomorrow; an esspresso cheese cake w caramel sauce & a liquered chantilly cr"
as you can see    he is having me do it that exact way on purpose!  smile 
it's a sad day when you find out that you have made choices that let other people down   
yay! i get to make cheese cake again for the restaurant tomorrow    because chef <propfirst> really liked the cheese cake i made over the weekend and brought into him  he wants me to make the exact one!
is so happy that she has started her externship    finally!
yea! i'm a free woman now! my new life starts in 71 days! give me a whoo-whoo if your excited for me!!!
today is the best day of my life! i want input from all my friends to know where you think i should move and why?  smile 
<propfemale> is happy today!  smile 
<propfemale> could use a massage or adjustment today    slept wrong last night & now has a pain in the neck!
doesn't think she has smiled so much since about two months ago!
felt like <propfemale> today!
3 days left   
yay vegans! who will support me if i open a vegetarian vegan restaurant?
hey i have to move    any body know of a place i could move to?
there is just something about this time of year that i love! it must be the cheer in the air    happy days are ahead 
christmas music!!!   my favorite part about <propmale> choir!
i love the cool weather! does anyone else love the weather in vegas right now?
it's my day off    & i'm bored   
got a new haircut!
is feeling happy today! job searching is fun when you have the right motivation!  smile 
"i was told by a guy at work today that i give off a \naughty\"" vibe   lol! crazy! i know!"""
i love <propmale> groban!!!
mmmmm    the fresh crisp air of a monday morning    love it!!!
think happy thoughts    think happy thoughts    think happy thoughts    
is going home for christmas in 4 days!!!
i leave tomorrow morning! whoo hooo!
loves sewing!
had fun visiting old high school teachers today!
happy new year friends! i love u all!
i'm enjoying my early birthday gift!
i hate being sick!
whoo-hoo! i'm moving to utah! i gave my two weeks notice at work today    i will miss you all    maybe   ?
looking for a job    is a very humbling e playful erience   
just when life didn't seem like it could get any worse    it throws you a sour curve ball!
hello vegas! here i come! are you ready for me??
qigong    no words to e playful ress it yet   
i am so happy! why is it that the really hard things in life    make living so much more enjoyable when you finally accept them as reality?!?!
hey if anyone knows of a job lead in the culinary arts    could you let me know? i'm still looking for a job 
"to all my friends    i no longer have a cell phone!\if you need to contact me, send me a message on facebook \or you can call my home phone "
today is such a beautiful day! i love the clouds and the cooler weather!
today is such a beautiful day! i love the clouds and the cooler weather!
"\very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene\"" ~ <propfirst> <propfirst> benson"""
why wont dictionary com let me sign up for the word of the day?!?!?!
   bicycles        yeah   
"as i was waking up this morning i pictured a man climbing up a mountain  he was as a man from book of mormon times, a prophet  he climbed carefully but dilibrately as if deep in thought, contemplating some important matters "
"i love <propfemale> battistelli's song \free to be me\""!!!"""
"do you know what is really sad   \finding out that a friend of yours has chosen a different path than you would have e playful ected them to  one that will lead them along the road of moral decay, unhappiness and spiritual death until you finally find them, lying at the bottom of a pile of all their choices in ultimate demise \this makes me want to cry "
there are some creepy people at the library   
i am a bad friend      sad 
i need a nap!!!
"who loves fall?!?!\i love fall!!!\whoo-hoo!"
so i'm sitting at the airport waiting for my flight   what should i eat? i'm starving!
<propfemale> is so excited! but nervous at the same time!  annoyed 
is moving to mt! yes!
any body want to come play tennis with me right now??
   put on a happy face   
so it was my plan to pack up 5 boxes today       at least i got as far as putting the boxes together!
is going to pack up everything in her room today! gotta get those tunes blastin!!
the day is half over & i've packed 13 boxes! yeah!
well    happy <propfirst>'s day  i kinda forgot it was a day single people could celebrate too until i walked into my room and was surprised by a gift from my grandma  she is so sweet  i love her!  smile 
is home bound    5 more hours to go 
we made it! in one piece too!  smile 
happy saturday y'all! he he   
it's snowing!!!  smile 
ah    true unconditional love   
"everybody is talented, original and has something important to say  -<propfemale> ueland  so please listen  make time for other people  be a friend "
i just had my palms read! it was pretty cool!
<propmale> conference was pretty much amazing today! anyone who did not go totally missed out!
good night beautiful world!  smile 
i am so grateful for life and freelife and beautiful people i get to call my business partners! my team is the best!
i need a new profile photo   
spring started yesterday     so happy first day of spring!!!  smile 
who loves rearranging furniture? i do!! i am so excited to rearrange and organize my bedroom! it will be so much easier to navigate and more pleasant on the eyes    i have been waiting a month to finally get to do this! yes!!!  smile 
i love making new friends on facebook!! whoo-hoo!  smile 
ooo! can't wait till the next ensign comes out!!!!  playful   laugh 
"\the deadliest foe to virtue would be complete self-knowledge \"" -<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> -- what do you think this means?? i am lost as to what to think of it!  smile """
