d4b6a393c5ce2a6c212bf04d3624ed61
"sitting at the grandparents, enjoying the evening  <propfemale> isn't feeling well  sad   i don't want to leave the snow! i forgot how much fun sleding was!"
doesn't want to go back to the real world 
"just got home from illinois, glad to be back in my bed, but missing the people and the snow of d-town "
tired of watching time fade 
"has the night off, yay!"
"homework, work, homework, work    this is my life"
"just got home from work, gotta wait for the bank to open, then i get to sleep  and when i wake up    hookah! yay!"
"just waking up, time for homework    i live such an exciting life "
"just got done with homework, about to help <propfemale> clean and then go to work!"
doesn't want to get out of bed 
"going to work, yay!"
is back from <propmale> potter and sad that i kept falling asleep    gr stupid work! anyways   i was good of what i saw
is moving into the new apartment today  smile 
happy to be on vacation! having a good time so far!
"back home from a good vacation  doing homework all day, really behind! then work tonight    great to be back home  ha!"
"all my homework is done, my room is clean, and i'm ready to relax and go to bed    unfortunately i have to work til 7 am "
"hehe, i'm good  just taking one day at a time right now man, i'm sure you know the feeling  how have you been?"
is an idiot   
"why can't i just focus on one thing at a time, must my mind always be zooming around in a million directions! i need to concentrate on homework    wow, my keyboard is really shiny in this light    and i have decided i want to write a book "
is watching doomsday doing some homework 
how come every time i update my status it has something to do with me needing to do homework?  oh    i'm doing homework 
missing <propfemale> already  sad   it's gonna be a long semester 
and the vikings just took the bears place   
good outing for smoltz  8 games up! yay!!!
wondering what happens next  tired of the same old stuff  waiting on some sort of break  losing grip   
loves waking up and getting yelled at  maybe i shouldn't sleep at all 
home from a busy night at work    a nice welcome back into management!
"just got home from work, big day today    my promotion rests on how my meeting goes  time to get some rest "
"well, meeting canceled  pushed to tomorrow  hopefully all goes well then!"
"wow, it's amazing how information can be perceived in so many different ways!"
has spent a wonderful evening with <propfemale>!
"do homework, or got to sleep?"
that time again    work work go away!
gets to finally go to bed!
"with the roommate, about to get the beatles rockband    yeah "
about bed time  work tonight  yay!
"time for some homework, then maybe a book before work  why do the packers have to be playing a late game  sad "
"thanks you to everyone for the birthday wishes! unfortunately it is time for me to go to work, have a great day everyone, and thanks again!"
"homework, and more homework  yay"
misses <propfemale> already
"home from work, just finished wizards first rule, amazing book! time for bed!"
i think a night full of video games is in order!
boondock saints ii: all saints day    in theaters october 30th    oh hell yeah!
arkham asylum is far too addicting   
feels cheated by a video game  sad 
boo work
"sitting at home, helping <propfemale> with a project  fun fun fun!"
finally have internet back  smile 
feels like crap but has to go to work  sad 
why am i already up?
"has been cleaning all day, and now has to go to work  sad "
"just got done working a 13 our day, and have to do it all again tomorrow  yay me! lol  goodnight all!"
working two jobs is exhausting    and school is about to be added back into the mix  sorry to those that i don't talk to enough  i miss you all though!!!
time for work    again
"work, work, work, work    when will it end?  but i got some work done on the book  smile "
"i'm so tired    just got home from job 1, about to get ready and go to job 2 "
"day off, yay!"
about to head to work  cleaned the apartment    only took me 5 hours  sad   oh well it is done  glad to have a computer that works again 
is off to bed  long day tomorrow  goodnight world!
is home sick today  i hate not feeling well 
"for a true status update, read my note entitled \stuff\""  thanks  smile """
"just got home from work, time to sleep, and when i wake up    i get to go to work again til 3 in the morning     working all day on thanksgiving  yay  this is the first time in years if ever that steak n shake is open on thanksgiving    and our discount got cut again    the greed of man never ceases to amaze me  i need a new job "
just got home from another stupid night at work    i want something different so bad 
enjoying a nice lazy day with <propfemale>  i need more days like this!
"i learned something today    when famous people go see a movie, they get a whole row of seats to themselves  i know this because the theatre manager asked me and my friends to move, because they had someone special coming    thank you <propfirst> swift "
snores
getting ready for a long night at work  yay 
"just got home from work, time to visit the bank, pay some bills, and play some dragon age before bed  smile "
hungry   
just read the coheed news    and i jumped for joy    literally    april 2010!!!!  can't wait!!!!
"yesterday was awesome  i played some dragon age, saw boondock saints 2, and got to spend the evening with my lady "
i have the wonderful opportunity to work all night long    yay 
"quick nap, then lunch with mom and sis, then avatar at the imax    good day ahead  smile "
"lunch with mom and sis at <propmale> and busters, check  avatar in the imax, check  ice: a <propfirst> brown christmas, check  getting to spend an amazing day with the love of my life, check   great day!"
really hates my job some nights 
i can't wait to be back in illinois to see all my friends and family! i will be home the 29th!!!
"one more night at work, and then two days off  yay!"
just got home from the most insane night at sns i have seen in a long time    i need a new job 
"<propfemale> christmas everyone! illinois, i will be seeing you in 4 days!"
christmas and coheed    ahhh heaven  smile 
the pack is back!
"just got off work, time for laundry and packing  leaving for illinois in the morning!"
"i love all the status updates involving the bears    everyone is going nuts cause they won    their 6th game of the year  here's an idea, join a team with a winning tradition  go packers!!!! rooting for the bears is just like being a cubs fan, there is always next year  wink "
"illinois, here i come!"
got a new phone number     again  my new years resolution is to keep this one for -at least a year! lol   217-358-7626   text me
praying for a good change in my life  i'm going to die from stress by 30 if i keep going like i am 
and the cardinals have a seven-year holliday  smile 
"work tonight off tomorrow  <propfirst> cleaned the house, yay! so maybe a relaxing day off tomorrow "
goin for the underdog tonight    don't mess with texas!
i would enjoy my job if every night was similar to the past two nights 
"finally, time to sleep!"
about to get ready for work    again  i need days off already!
so   my car just broke down    yay
"stuck at home all day, but it's my day off  so i can't complain  i guess i should clean or something   "
just filed my taxes  fun stuff 
"car is on it's way to being fixed, and all i had to pay was the towing fee  good day  thanks you to the walkers for helping me so much!!! it's good to know there is help here when i need it  time for some lunch, gi <propfirst> the movie, and a nap before work!"
work work work yay!
"two more nights of work, then a few nights off!"
"and it's my night off, but i have to go work anyway   sad "
work then more work
i feel like crap  sad 
any one know a good lawyer for labor laws or general business laws? i really have some questions  thank you 
"going to bed, work tonight then chatt for the weekend! yay!"
in chatt  enjoying my miche!
getting pumped up for the game tonight!
i can't believe my job sometimes 
"just listened to the new coheed song \the broken\"" on there website    and my day is now better  smile """
<propfirst>'s day was actually a cute movie  recommend it for a date  love my amazing girlfriend!!!
wow    pirate language rocks  smile 
is officially back in school!
"homework done, getting ready for work  that's about it   "
"just a crazy idea for everyone    if you go out to eat, and the server does there job, tip them    we make $2 13 an hour and live on our tips    thank you "
almost bed time    sadly 
"the problem with growing up is that once you're grown up, people who aren't grown up aren't fun anymore "
"\one among the fence\"""""
"doing homework, happy to be off work  i guess i'm feeling sorry for myself, because i'm in such a bad mood    but what am i feeling sorry for, that is what i need to figure out  does that make sense?"
i think i'm on my man period 
so i just had a thought that made me possibly that happiest person on earth    new coheed album only about 2 weeks away    soooooooo happy!!!!!!
"another reason to be happy, mlb opening day just one week away!  one week for baseball two for coheed    what a great two weeks!!!!"
"sorry for the delay, been a busy few days  but as promised, my new number is 615-686-8780   if you want, send me a text with your name in it, and i will save it to my phone  will be sleeping all day, so don't e playful ect an immediate response  much love to everyone "
cardinals win  cubs lose  all is right in the world 
steak n shake  radio is currently playing ice ice baby   wow  this is cruel and unusual punishment
homework almost done for the day  then talk to <propfemale> and play some rock band with <propfirst>  fun night 
time for work  yay
can anything stop <propfirst> this year?
just got home from my first car ride with the new coheed album    definitely passed the car test  thought i was going to blow a speaker during <propfemale> of the stars    awesome album can't wait to read the lyrics and figure out the story before i read the book!
"ok, time to get focused and get this paper out of the way"
leaving for chatt   yay two days off!
"life, life, life    that is all "
so i get home from a twelve hour shift and i get no sleep because of these storms  although seeing a house floating down the interstate and taking out a car was interesting  how do you file that to your insurance?
sitting at work  wondering how i can accomplish my goals for the next six months  a lot happening right now 
finally the weekend is here for me  will be busy busy as always 
back in dtown for the weekend 
one week left in h'ville    then it's time for chatt!  it seems i have a habit for moving to a new city during the world cup    wonder where i will move in 4 years    hmmm  go usa!!!!!!
england vs  us tomorrow  any one else psyched up about this  go us!!!
let the fun begin!!!
waking up to see the fog rolling off the mountain  i'm gonna like it here 
come on usa  let's get a win today 
again  really?!?!
thank you <propmale>
sad face 
what an intense ending  bad luck today japan but good show 
"anybody remember the song \flagpole sitta\"" by <propmale> danger?   that song pretty much sums up my mood at the moment    plus it's a great song to go back and listen to  smile """
pull the trigger and the nightmare stops   
getting ready to watch what  should be a great game  let's go flying dutchmen!
bye bye brazil  hello dutchmen!
so i decided to try and play merentha today    and it's not working  oh well 
"just signed the lease to my new place  i really like it, yay! so now i have to move from nashvill to chattanooga    fun fun!"
has a two bedroom apartment all to himself over looking the mountains  any one want to move to chatt? lol
so i finally have my beard grown back out  but i think i have a few gray hairs  ahhh i don't wanna age!
thank you all for the birthday wishes! now it is time for work!
"exhausted from work, but i made good money  looking forward to the packers game tomorrow, and a little r&r on monday!"
"i can't wait for next monday night!!!  mr  cutler, meet mr  matthews    *grins*"
"for the life of me\i cannot remember\what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise\for the life of me\i cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins\we were merely freshmen"
life sucks then you die    get used to it 
"having a rough day, so i took it old school  been playing super <propfirst> rpg for the snes  oh yeah!!! day better already!"
i have so much hair on my body i no longer require soap  only extra shampoo 
working the day away!
life is full of tough choices  sad 
happy birthday dad! we miss you!
fun filled weekend in store with <propfemale> and friends! excited about the ghost tour!
"to all religious folk out there, tip your servers!!! after serving for multiple years, i have come to the conclusion that sunday after church guests and wednesday night youth groups are the most demanding people, and the worst tippers  yes god needs your money, but i don't like working for $2 13 hour    so if you want to spend $200 at a restaurant, and run your server ragged on refills, leave them something, please!"
"is it just me, or does the new \true grit\"" look like an amazing movie  really looking forward to it!"""
you would think i would be accustomed to being lonely by now
i wish i could stop time just to catch my breath and get a good nights sleep 
"and the tears come streaming down your face\when you lose something you can't replace\when you love someone but it goes to waste\could it be worse?"
fun night playing cards and throwing darts! just what i needed!
"i need to find someone, or some group that wants to go see the new <propmale> potter! i would look pretty sad by myself! lol"
o a r never fails to put me in a great mood!
home from work and bored  hmmm what shall i do   
coheed and cambria is all i need 
"been to hell and back, i can show you vouchers"
<propmale> potter = awesome!  the next movie is going to be so action packed it's not funny!
so <propmale> <propfirst> fans tip really well! my thanks to <propmale> for filling my wallet tonight! lol
"so, <propfirst> eat world will be in nashville in feb   i have to go    they are one of my favorite bands that i've never seen live  any body interested in going? i would hate to have to go alone!"
"alright pack, we need a big win today against those dirty vikings!!! go pack go!"
so the packers now have a kill count on coaches    lol  2 down!
just set up my christmas tree  smile 
"i want to learn to walk with others as an equal\i want to treat the ones who love me with respect\i want to tell the world i'll give them all a piggyback\and try to take away my negative effect\i want to kiss the girl, i know i'll never lie again\i want to call my dad and tell him that i care\i want to let my brother know\he saved my life a thousand times\throughout the years he's been my friend\who's always there"
go illini!!! woot woot!!!
"hmmm    a video game written by r a  <propmale> with <propmale> done by <propmale> mcfarlane and the designers from the elder scrolls games    not to mention this game stole people from blizzard, bethesda, and ea among others    sign me up!!!"
back in the dirty d   let's see how it goes this time 
and we are playoff bound!!! go pack go!!!
we're going to the super bowl!!!!  i am out of my mind excited!!!
"start at bww today, yay two jobs, good bye free time!"
it's always nice to average $20 hour at work  especially on a 10 hour shift!  and hello bed!
well  bww just called me to say that they are closing for the day  so i have a day off  yay for blizzards!
we are the champions of the world!!!  i am so happy right now!!!  go packers!!!!
so i have two valentines this year  steak n shake and buffalo wild wings  on the plus side i just got my glasses  i can see again  yay!!!
dominos at 12 smile 0 am  gotta love it!
sitting in a bar by myself watching an 80 year old man sing karaoke  this is the life  lol
couger   roar 
and i'm on to the next one 
got to watch the dunk contest tonight at work  griffin over a car  holy cow man  that was amazing!!!
wow  what a bad day  glad it's over 
so i thought we were done with snow for the year    i thought wrong it would appear  sad 
prayers go out to all my family  we lost a great man this evening  but i can only imagine the party uncle <propfirst> is having right now with all the others we have lost  one day we will all be together again!
i think my body hates me 
last night thunderstorms  today snow  mother earth must be on some good drugs!
well  it's st  paddy's day  and the first true day of the tournament  it's gonna be a good day!
beautiful day! off to the park to play some sports!
"has a new laptop, yay!!!"
opening day is soooo close!  i can't wait for some baseball!!!  first day i have off i'm declaring a random stl road trip to go see a game!
well  it looks like the cardinals are in for a long season 
thank you garcia for that spectacular performance! go cards!!!
