9a41350577bcd528aa8372323c9663e2
is totally loving every bit of this weather!
"knows he should have gone to church, but appreciated the extra sleep instead  smile "
had a relaxing day of siting in the pool and watching <propmale> potter 5 
only has one day left of his amazing internship  sad 
"is done with his internship, and now has to write his paper and turn in his forms   "
is working from 12 to 4 today 
is going to relax and watch ghostbusters tonight  smile 
is up for a pretty awesome time tonight!
learned how to play this weird card game called pinochle last night     smile 
has a lot to do on his day off   damn 
bored out of his freaking mind with this paper   
is working from 1130 to 630 and then going out for the night 
working from 10-3 starting tomorrow morning; yay extra shifts!  smile 
is wondering how the strawberry peanut butter m&m's will taste  
holy crap; <propfirst> <propmale> is in a coma?!?
what?! <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett died?!? what's going on?!?
is excited for kid rock and lynyrd skynyrd tomorrow night!
is heading south for the day to see the concert tonight!
is freakin' busy until monday 
is glad to finally have a job with cool managers 
might actually finish that paper of his tonight   but probably not  playful 
has work 2-7 and then er from 9-12 tomorrow  yay?
"can't sleep, dammit "
hopes that he doesn't suck at bowling tonight   it's only been    a year? i'm boned  playful 
is e playful eriencing revelations in black holes 
picked up an extra shift tonight  yay extra cash  smile 
wants to see some fireworks tomorrow 
"feels like he can check out any time he likes, but that he can never leave "
is looking forward to some r&r tomorrow  smile 
"just when shit starts looking good, it hits the fan "
is going hunting for that r&r he never got yesterday   in the morning   zzzz
is heading to campus for a few hours!
is going in a coma for the next 8 or so hours 
had quite an enjoyable day! god that pool is great in 100 degree weather!
is friggin' beat 
is sooo glad that he has tomorrow off 
"had a really enjoyable time last night, and is going to enjoy his time off  smile "
thought <propmale> potter 6 was pretty good 
is thinking: holy crap! i slept in till noon for the first time since april!
"has a plan: pool, gym, sleep   smile "
is working for the first since last friday 
doesn't know how to feel about the fact that brogan is leaving us 
is off to work 
is really looking forward to the bbq tomorrow 
had a lot of fun grilling and playing volleyball in the rain yesterday!
is watching the number 23 and zombie strippers   let's see how this goes  playful 
"is enjoying a nice, relaxing day by the pool  smile "
is listening to the police for the first time in months 
is feeling slightly more random than usual today 
"is going to grill something today, even if it rains again dammit!  playful "
is working 5-close today 
is working 6 smile 0-close tonight at a store he's never worked at before 
is going to pass out now   
is ugh 
is ready for school to start again now 
is glad to have caught up on some family time 
is going to be alone in the er tonight and tuesday  sad 
is wondering what he is going to do on his day off 
hasn't had a movie night with pizza and wings in months; i missed it  playful 
needs to get a lot better at mini golf   
is getting ready for a ball game!
"had fun at the ball game, but wishes his team would win for a change   "
is hopefully going to get his books ordered sometime tomorrow   
"is looking forward to some much needed time off soon, and is glad he actually ordered his books!"
is finally getting a new cell phone!
"has his new cell phone activated! unfortunately, my contacts won't transfer, and i can't turn my old phone on, so message me with your <propfirst> so i can add them "
got his contacts transferred! and now to get to repacking my stuff   
is feeling rather productive 
finally beat super punch out! freakin' hoy quarlow   
doesn't know what to tell ya 
is working 4 to close tonight  hopefully i get some stuff done at home beforehand too  one more week before movein day!
is waiting to see what the day brings 
thinks <propfirst> of the dead was awesome!
is going to blast some dragonforce and be productive 
gets to have one more poker night before school starts! ha!
"is don't stop thinking about tomorrow   it'll soon be here  and yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone   "
is going to bed after a long day of helping his sister moving into her new dorm in boca; and i get to do it all over again saturday when i move in!
is finally done moving people in  ha!
"is already done with his first day of classes, and he knows some people still haven't woken up yet    you know who you are   "
"coso meeting, housing meeting, volleyball, and then sleep  i forgot how much extra stuff there was to do at college "
is looking forward to a nice relaxing night of   homework   
"class 11-4, and then work 5-close  hopefully i can sneak a meal in there somewhere   "
is listening to some music before crashing and then waking up to physics lab 
is hoping the rest of his weekend is as amazing as the beginning of it was  smile 
"wants to know why physics hates him so much  what have i ever done to you, physics?"
hasn't decided if he's bored or if he's procrastinating 
"class 11-4, and then work 5-close  damn, that sounds awfully familiar   "
is up for another round of homework all night    yay   
"physics lab in the am, then heading home for the day  smile "
had an awesome start to his holiday weekend!
"is getting ready for work, then heading back to campus afterword "
just remembered how much fun plants vs  zombies was   crap  playful 
says happy 09 09 09!
is off to bed  hopefully my physics homework will finish itself  smile 
feels like he doesn't have enough time to finish a complete thou--
is going back to bed 
"is working 5-close, and then prepping for the biochem and neuroscience exams next week "
is going to study his ass off and somehow do his physics homework this week 
"is eating, sleeping, and breathing biochem until 12 smile 0 tomorrow afternoon "
thoroughly enjoyed his much needed break from studying 
"is off to bed, followed by a day of physics and neuroscience   "
"has class from 11-4, including a test, work from 5-close, and then a physics lab report due at 10 am  see you all tomorrow afternoon!"
doesn't want to catch pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis anytime soon 
"thinks its weird how a certain grade in one class makes you feel amazing, but getting that same grade in another class is infuriating   "
is finally off to bed 
feels accomplished 
"is off to bed, but is waking up in four hours to get tickets to universal "
is wondering how 34 people beat him to universal sign ups at 6:20 in the morning   
is sooooo glad his <propfemale> bio test got pushed back till next monday  smile 
is contemplating leaving school to join the circus 
"was completely unproductive today, but got some much needed rest "
hasn't felt like this in a long time  i don't like it 
"wants to go to bed, but still has a huge physics lab report to do  damn   "
is soooooo ready for universal tomorrow!
had a freakin' awesome day!
"is working 430 to close, then studying for my test tomorrow morning "
is finally off to bed  looking forward to the weekend already   
is gonna have to pull another all nighter to get shtuff done  here we go again   
like a boss 
is home for the day 
randomly decided that he likes the simpsons and wants to watch all 20 plus years of episodes 
"decided to save his money at the casino tonight, and instead got seasons one and two of the simpsons for 15 dollars shipped "
is glad to finally be in the weekend!
loved zombieland! brainz 
is working from 6 to close 
is going to bed before 3 am for the first time all semester  yay!
just wants everyone to feel better   
is off to class from 11 to 4 
can't wait for the 16th    
would like more hours in a day; 24 is definately not enough anymore 
is finally off to bed  4 smile 0 is the new 2 am anyways  playful 
"lab report due monday, and physics and biochem exams tuesday  bye bye weekend   "
loves taco <propfemale> 
is hoping for the best; thankfully i'll be done with everything in less than 10 hours  smile 
is finally going to bed for the first time in 2 days 
loves his egg creams  thanks <propmale> davidson!
is sooooooo ready for halloween horror nights!
"is \girding his loins   \"""""
hhn tonight!!!
"had a blast, but can't say the same for everyone   "
is thanking god for ventrue bros and nyquil!
is done with physics early today  booya!
is peacing out for the night 
can't believe he spent his study day watching movies  day well spent!
"is working 6 to close, and then hopefully sleep  i'm not counting on it though  playful "
"is going to be productive for a bit, and then work 6 to close "
"lied about the productive part, but is still working from 6 to close "
had a nice relaxing day at home  now to get shtuff done!
"'s head hurts  note to self: when going on rides meant for kinds, remember how tall you are   "
"'s head hurts  note to self: when going on rides meant for kids, remember how tall you are   "
has a lot of hours next week  yay?
is essentially gone until november 
happy halloween!!!! brainz 
is looking forward to sleeping in an extra hour  smile 
is studying till the new venture bros at midnight 
is taking 18 credits next semester  this could end badly   
is wondering what the hell an umami is   
just read all his status updates since august 2008    i really haven't changed much  playful 
is staring at biochem  maybe it will help 
is glad for what he has and is sad for what he has lost 
thinks physics lab should be a <propmale> rule course  annoyed 
"is working 4 to close, then doing a lot of homework "
doesn't think it's nice to mess with the mentally retired 
"is closely related to myeong and phuc quach, according to my mitochondrial dna in biochem lab    now that's surprising "
is omg; the konami code works on facebook!!!
"is doing a paper, then going to sleep   "
is writing a paper    yay!
is breaking out the police for some paper writing    and it's amazing  playful 
is done with his second-to-last paper of the year    and is going to bed   
"did really well at lazer tag, but has nothing on papa smurf "
has his sweet ride back  smile 
holy social interview spam!
is done with his labs for the semester!!!
"wants to thank <propfirst> bishop, <propfemale> <propfemale> henken, and <propfirst> e  bruton for an amazing season! you all were awesome! and congrats op, <propmale> davidson, <propfirst> <propfemale>, <propfirst> mathieu, and <propfirst>, for winning the intramurals! we'll give you guys a run for your money next year  playful  (my apologies to <propfirst>; facebook only lets me tag 6 people   )"
is ready for some festivities  smile 
thinks he would be better off at school right now  annoyed 
got some awesome black friday deals!
"missed hanging out with his friends, and is glad he was able to have some fun before cramming for finals "
why did finals have to be this week?!?!
is studying brainz for the neuroscience final tomorrow  gotta love that combo!
is omg! run from the hypocretins! they have propenelol! (totally posted for <propfirst> mathieu and <propfemale> f-j)
can't find his phone  sad 
got his phone back  it was totally on the floor by my door when i got back from work    and all of my texts were deleted    this will be fun to clean up after  playful 
hmm    i wonder if any one else remembers and is ree playful eriencing the analogy of the ss gpa 
wants to know why it's so hard to be productive 
is so ready to be 5 8 done with college  ugh 
is 12 hours and counting   
"is done!!!!!!    but for some reason, doesn't feel much better  annoyed \"
forgot how much fun it was just to play video games and board games with good friends 
"working 5 till whenever, then going home for break!"
had a good day making good food  smile 
"is seeing avatar tonight, and holmes next week!"
thought avatar was frickin' amazing!
"working 4 to close, and then 6 to close tomorrow  only 5 more days till christmas!!!"
got all of his shopping and wrapping done in one night! booya!
just finished getting all the gifts under the tree; and damn does it look good  smile  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"is ready for school to start, but doesn't want to get his books "
"is glad he's off tomorrow, but still wanted to shadow dr  <propfirst> again; guess i'll have to wait till the summer  annoyed "
is happy new year!
hates that you can't put up the statuses that you want because you have too many friends; o wells 
"just realized he has less than a week till classes, and still hasn't done anything he wanted to do over the break    oops "
