a2023c2645b0155a6d31eff69463ae89
just made some kick ass lasagna   mmm yummy!
"i'm used to night shift, what is this mess bein up at 4 smile 0 in the morning    thank goodness for tylenol pm!"
"fighting off a bad headache   must be allergic to school, starting classes tomorrow  haha, hope it lets up soon  sad "
still feel like crap! just got home from class   english comp ii yuck!  ehh maybe it wont be that bad guess i will find out soon enough
"tired, should have slept longer   i hate night shift  sad "
"so so so tired and worn out     ick! i'm really beginning to dislike this whole school thing, and it's only the 3rd day of my 2nd semester, haha!"
"anyone know a cure for a fricken horrible headache?   its been goin on for a week and a half now, i'm ready to shoot myself!  sad "
where ur blockers at? where they at? where they at?
woke up in a really shitty mood and i'm not even sure why   gotta love being a woman!
"bout to head to class, got my first big test   nobody ask or tell me anything! i'm functioning on autopilot right now for fear i might lose some information that i just crammed into my brain haha"
just hope your heaven sent and hell proof
"soooo   i have decided that i would much rather just go to sleep and wake up smart with a degree instead of doing this whole school thing, anyone know how to do that?  haha"
aww i forgot what its like to be a kid   had so much fun playin at chuckie cheese with <propfirst> and <propfirst> *adopted nephews hehe  smile *
gotta take a short nap and wake up for the almighty orange grove parade yay! too bad there won't be any of my famous jungle juice this year   gonna miss it 
friend vs enemy    which one is worse? hmmm      
"did some research and found out that <propfemale> is the official ribbon color for lung disease so me and my bestie went and bought the stuff to make some ribbons to wear, they actually came out pretty hehe now it's time to study, have tests every day this week, then go to bed and wake up early to take moms cousin to the airport    phew! anyone wanna step in for a sec??  smile "
"a veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to 'the united states of <propfemale>', for an amount 'up to, and including their life'  that is honor, and there are way too many people in this country today, who no longer understand that fact! copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom!"
holy crap this ribbon thing is getting out of control! my fingers only move so fast!! thanks again for the support  smile 
"whatever u give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give u a baby  give her a house, she will give u a home  give her groceries, she will give u a meal  give her a smile n she will give u her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit    post it on your wall if agree  "
"i hate working! somebody wanna give me a couple mill so i can just go ahead and retire somewhere beautiful   bora bora tahiti will work for me, haha"
well   mom's case goes before the committee again tomorrow   everyone cross their fingers and have happy thoughts that they approve her this time!
well here's the latest update on mom: she is unable to be put on the transplant list right now because her body has developed some antibodies that would cause her to reject the lungs once she got them which would result in the worst possible outcome    
headed to dreamy dream land   so so tired
headed out to buy ribbon supplies   getting together with a few people tonight to make ribbons  smile 
"update: mom's medical team met this week to discuss a plan of action in regards to her high antibody count   they are thinking that if they freeze her plasma that it will cause the count to drop, so they might do that   still talking about sending her blood off to <propmale> university for testing  hopefully we will know more next week "
"a & p 1 ended friday, got an a yay  smile  now we started a & p 2 yesterday and it's back to studying! definetly liked the weekend between the 2 with no homework!!!"
"mom got a call from her medical team last night, unfortunetly the call was missed but the message that was left said that they had a plan of action   we will find out today what the plan is and i will update everyone   everyone cross your fingers that its something good  smile "
"just got home from spending the day with my bestie's nephews   it was so much fun, they are absolutely precious!  smile "
sitting at work feeling terrible    ughh  sad 
climbing in the bed to see if i can't knock the rest of this cold out and reattach my mind to my body   i feel so loopy!
"to everyone who is interested: we have created a blog <propfemale> with detailed updates on mom's status in regards to her health and the plans for surgery, it is      jdhollis60 spaces live com"
"i think i'm getting old   it's 9 smile 0 and i'm more than ready for bed, so   g'nite!"
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence: fort worth, texas"
1 more day of class then spring break yay!
"ok, so phase one of the saving my moms journey is in full swing  mom and dad headed to new orleans this afternoon, mom is scheduled for the plasma pheresis thingy to start tomorrow  everyone cross your fingers and think happy thoughts that this works the way we need it to!"
up here at the hospital with mom and the family  the doctor came in a little while ago and said that they are going to try and put her on the list this week as long as everything goes well  if it does then she could have a new set of lungs very shortly    yay!  smile   i will keep everyone posted with the updates and dad will soon have the blog site updated too 
my dad is so cool he pees ice cycles!
ok everyone: mom just got put on transplant list about 15 minutes ago   she will still be getting the plasma pheresis to bring her antibodies down and will still be getting the gamma globulin treatments over the next few days to build her immune system   hopefully she won't have to be discharged from the hospital and    will get her new lungs pretty fast   we are so excited!  smile  yay
"i know i'm a little late but late is always better than never right? happy easter everyone  hope y'all had a great day, i know i did  good food, great family!  smile "
holy crap!!! i'm officially done with school for this semester    finally!  i can breathe again whew!  smile 
ughhh! tired of the dumb shit!
rest in peace <propfemale> i will never forget you!  smile 
just gone done helping my dad paint the house   im exhausted!   yard sale saturday june 12th to raise money for my mom if anyone is interested 
2 more days til i turn 29 yuck   im gettin old as shit!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  bj happy birthday to u too sorry i missed tellin u on ur day  <propfirst> me and my mans will be in fla for leslies wedding so we will have to chill then cant wait  love u guys!
i love mississippi but i hate these ridiculously hot summers!
oh just a reminder to anyone who might be interested   we are having a huge yard sale to raise money for my mommy tomorrow  smile 
headed to gpt to pick my aunt up at the airport   ugh its too early   stayed up til 4 playin spades why?
the house is clean and the last load of laundry just went into the dryer   its so sad that getting that done makes me feel like i have accomplished something haha
i can feel the shivers down my spine from my ice cold heart   once again   if you dont like the war bound bitch that ive become stop giving me the ammo!
i am headed to fill out an application for food stamps for the first time in my life   gotta love how a single person can bring someone down like that   oh well guess thats what the state is for right?
waiting impatiently for 7 when my relief gets here so i can go home and crawl into the bed i didnt want to sleep in yesterday   wont be sad to sleep alone today!
i am already bored out of my mind at work and ive only been here 45 minutes   its gonna be a long long night!
i dont scratch unless it itches i dont dance unless the music's right   i will not be intimidated!
oh what tangled webs we weave   strive to stay out of dramas way and wound up camping out in its backyard like we go back to the sandbox or something   wtf?
gettin ready for an interview at the <propmale> rivage   everyone cross your fingers i really need this job 
oh my lord it is soooo hot today and i have to move furniture   yay!
ugh! back to work again  im so tired of having to work to make a living   anyone want to pay my bills for me for a while? haha
prayin for my momal shes in the hospital  sad 
im sorry guys   i just want to clear everything up its my grandma (moms mom) in the hospital  my mom is doing good i didnt mean to alarm everyone  thanks everybody for the support tho that truly does mean alot we have an amazing group of family and friends and couldnt ask for better  love yall bunches! sorry again 
why is it that some people cant seem to just act like an adult in an adult situation   is it really that hard to do the right thing and be responsible for just a minute?!
"friday, saturday night all night long!!! *in the words of the most amazing 3 year old*"
well it's time to suck todays <propmale>! gotta go move furniture in this amazingly cool weather   ha
"ugh! sooo bored, i hate being at home by myself!"
watching my best friend lose her monkey ass mind to    let me ride that donkey donkey! lmao!!!
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bullshit, drama, head games, liars, & fake ass people keep this sneeze going!!!!!!!!!"
"when the sunrises, theres one thing on my mind    i want sex for breakfast    stay inside   and even though we made sweet love all night    i want sex for breakfast "
mmm   beer is good for me! yums
k so i lied   beer is not good for me ha!
"just when you think you are about to close a chapter, some dumb shit happens   love it! *sigh*"
the most beautiful thing ever heard is the sound of another's heart beat    one's own rhythm of their very existence 
ugh! an hour wait at the financial aid office already and we got here at 810   wtf!
nothin like takin care of your bestie who has just had a shot of pain meds   haha funny shits and good times
im ridin through the city with my high beams on can you see me? can you see me? get your visine on
its friday time to go back to work tonight *sigh*  sad 
headed to work when i should be at a resort in texas right now out at the lake   gotta love how life changes in the blink of an eye  sad 
planning a trip to vegas for my spring break   hope it works out this time  i'm so excited  smile 
headed to go spend some time with my moms  smile 
just got back from the gym   feels great  lovin it!
if these are my grandmas last days may they be as painless as possible and my mom be strong enough to handle our loss  amen 
ugh! bad night at work i can't wait for 7 surprise 0  im sooooo ready to go home!!!
somebody save me i need a new job like yesterday! i don't know how much longer i can do this 
yes! it's my friday   don't have to be back to work until friday night  yay  smile 
ugh! i am so ready to be over this cold  who gets a cold in the middle of summer? yep that's right   me right here!
"sooooo    it is official, i hate dealing with jd and the financial aid office  i'm so pissed right now! arg"
sigh   another friday night at work  i can't wait until school is over and i can have a job working during the week like normal people 
"ok back to the grind   today is my first day of classes  i made the vice president's list last  semester, gonna bust my butt and try for the <propfirst>'s list this time "
"so when i woke up this morning i thought the worst part of my day would be day one of public speaking   absolutely don't want to take that class  but, as i am leaving for school a freak accident occurs and i have somehow managed to lock my purse, my keys, my phone, my books, everything in my truck  oh yeah and it's running! who does that shit? hell of a day already and it's not even 8 surprise 0 yet  sigh    "
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you and whispered \come with me \"" a <propfemale> heart stopped beating", hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss today!      \a2023c2645b0155a6d31eff69463ae89,happy anniversary gulf coast   5 years today since we survived <propfemale>  today lets remember everyone that we lost and be thankful of what we do have  lets all keep our heads up and continue to rebuild our lives 
"work, school and family with little sleep   i'm exhausted and it's only week 2  it's gonna be a long semester!"
"what the hell makes a person think they can just say whatever the hell they want to you? people these days, i swear  i've never had a conversation where i've wanted to knock someone's teeth down their throat with every word they said until tonight   guess there is a first for everything!"
3 1 2 hrs of sleep and gotta work all night   what was i thinking?!
"yay! bout to get off work and don't have to be back til friday night  goin to buy my living room furniture today, i can't wait!!  smile   smile "
"ya know, women go through this grueling unnecessary punishment once a month for the majority of their lives and are e playful ected to maintain a positive attitude walk around with smiles on their faces and act as though life is grand and stay pleasant  wtf?? why is it that we have to do that again?"
"? brothers week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh  pulled \your hair  stuck up for you  drove you crazy  hugged you  watched you \cry  saw you fall  picked you back up  cheered you on  made you \strong  can't do without  copy this and post it"
"goin to buffalo wild wings tonight for the saints game, good times  who dat!!!"
ok  scratch that! at 625 buffalo wild wings had over an hour wait  headed to castaways in ocean springs  reppin the no baby!
"guess it's back to work tonight   blah  oh well gotta make some kind of money, not a lot but some  any who   go saints!  smile "
mom update: we got some good news today  moms dr called and said that her antibodies are starting to come down so they are going to do some intense treatments here soon to help bring them down some more  hopefully they will start to come down pretty fast now and she can get her new lungs  smile  lets keep praying 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies     they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship        re post if u have one true friend they will know who they are"
you know it sucks when you know you are getting screwed around especially by someone you care about   sometimes i'd rather just not know and be nieve to dumb shit   it doesn't sting as bad that way 
oh what i wouldn't give to just speed through this semester  i'm over it already  annoyed 
2-0 baby! who dat!
bout to get ready and leave for class   love that microbiology ha  smile 
"i just wish i had a whole 24 hrs that i didn't have to do anything or be anywhere  it's friday so back to work tonight but not before i finish putting my living room together *once i manage to get a screwdriver* and cleaning oh and going to gulfport for a while  ehh i just want to do nothing today, for once  oh well, guess that's life  welp   off to start my day  blah "
"back at work, as usual on a friday night  glad i love what i do considering i work every weekend  oh but it does get old  sigh   "
studying *boring* at work *boring* on a saturday night *wtf*  annoyed 
it's raining and i'm getting more tired by the minute  can't wait to get home and crawl into my bed  these 12 hr overnight shifts are hellacious!
oh my lord    a 15 hr shift and only 3 hrs of sleep today   i'm dying!
in serious need of a vacation! i'm stressed out beyond belief 
"ok saints, lets do the damn thang today! no repeats "
"ugh i have a horrible pressure headache   i just wanna go home and crawl up into my bed and sleep for hours, days even  sigh     annoyed "
its so pretty outside and the perfect temperature wish it was like this year round   perfect weather for cruisin the coast 
ugh! what a load of crap  this school thing is really starting to piss me off  i just wish it could be simple and when you had a question about something that you didn't get the run around for an answer  looks like i might not be able to apply to the nursing program until the fall semester   that doesn't make me happy at all  i'm tired of dealing with the jd campus 
"you know, you know, you know i'd never ask you to change  if perfect's what you're looking for then just stay the same   "
3 1 2 hrs to go on this horribly slow shift can't wait   oh so tired
just seen the new resident evil in 3d dope ass movie! cant wait for the next one  smile 
oh lord think i went and got myself a stalker wtf?!
what the shit! i lost my damn wallet today   not good!
"one thing i can't stand is lyin ass bitches  do you really think i don't know the truth? my shit is on point   sittin back waitin, watchin you slit your own throat  ha"
aww yeah bon fire yeah!
finished my microbiology paper and submitted it with 10 minutes to spare haha they don't call me crunch time <propmale> for no reason ha! sigh   such bad habits 
aghhhh! someone save me i am sooooo bored!
bout to curl up on the couch with my pillows and blanket in my comfy clothes and watch cheesy scary movies all day with my bestie and my baby cousin  payin tribute to halloween  what a great lazy day!  smile 
gotta love those people who say whatever they have to say to get what they want and then disappoint you in the end   
its such a pretty day  turned my air conditioner off and opened all the windows  love it! tonight im going to a haunted house not too excited about it i hate those damn things but my lovely cousin has concinced me to go  eek!
happy halloween everyone!
mmm mmm <propmale> moore #16 sooo sexy! lets go saints!
sexy ass game who dat!
"people who wonder why i have become such a bitch these days just remember this    the world made me this way so the world has to deal with me  if there weren't such shitty, dishonest, self-centered, worthless fucks who seem to plant themselves in my life then maybe, just maybe i would be a nicer person  ya dig?"
"okie   if i can just get through this week, the grind is on for a job and putting structure back into my life  i am soooo stressed out i think i'm about to lose my mind! everyone pray for my mama, we had some troubles last night and we are currently awaiting a call from her doctor in new orleans to see what the new plan is "
"holy crap! 6 hours of filling out applications, lets hope something comes through soon!"
i need a fricken job soooo bad! agh!
feelin' the pressure!
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  iknow\that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends\will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an \hour, in honor of those who died of cancer or still fighting it  i do \this in honor of my family and friends who have died or are fighting cancer "
bout to kill a bottle of vodka  why? basically just becuz i can  mmm yummy!
yep im drunk and its nice havent  been drunk in forever
really? bitches tryin to get me shit faced   welp i guess i'm down ha!
lovin this game! who dat!
"twas the day before payback and all through big d  new orleans saints fans rejoice it's saintsgiving you see turkeys are injected gumbo has been made cowboys are undefeated since they got rid of wade cowboy fans reminisce of <propfemale> days of the past while who dat nation is talkin shit, getting drunk & kickin ass  so as we await kickoff on a very special day remember payback is a bitch and <propfirst> is going to pay!"
happy thanksgiving! hope everyone had a great day 
rum
so i just seen the most amazing thing  my friend <propfemale> had her baby tonight at 8 surprise 8 and i had the privelage of being in the delivery room  how fricken awesome! to think i was able to see the exact moment that a life came into this world  i have never seen anything so beautiful in my life 
"black, black, black and blue beat me 'til i'm numb   tell the devil i said hey when you get back to where you're from "
i absolutely fricken love it when people show their true colors and have no idea that others can see what they are really about   cliche yes but i have to say dont mistake my kindness for weakness  i promise you dont want to see the evil that can emerge from within me! im a good person but fuck really?!
headed to the no baby in a stretch hummer limo   bachelorette party baby!!
mom update: ok so mom is being reactivated on the donor list next tuesday the 28th  once she is reactivated it should only be a couple of days before she receives her new lungs yay!! what a great way to start the new year  if everyone could keep her and our family in your prayers  once everything starts happening i will keep everyone posted as much as possible 
<propfemale> christmas  hope <propfemale> is good to everyone  lots of love anf god bless!
yay it's snowing!
mom update: we are active on the donor list  mom just got the phone call from her dr now its just a waiting game  everyone please keep us in your prayers 
"hey everyone please don't think i'm being rude if you messaged me lately, i just got a new phone and apparently my facebook app on my phone keeps me online and i'm still trying to figure it all out  sorry to everyone i didn't respond to  oh and thanks to everyone for the positive thoughts and prayers they mean so much to me and my family "
holy crap this waiting thing is killing me  i wish we would just get the call already!
happy new years everyone! i can't believe 2010 is over this year went by so fast  i'm ready for 2011! ready to get my shits together and do the damn thang!
4 yrs and i can finally let go of the poison that has consumed my life for way too long  i'm glad my eyes are now open  raisin my glass to 2011!
headed to the <propmale> with my girls   haven't been to the club in a minute its time to be free again!
let's go saints we need a win! who dat!
come on saints where's our defense?!
good game   shitty we lost but good game
aww yeah orientation with the new job tomorrow can't wait to make some moneys again!
yay start my job tomorrow night at midnight!
i lift things up and put them down
holy crap i'm tired   come on 8 o'clock i got a date with my bed  this grave yard shit is killin me  annoyed 
4 more days and i get a day off i can't wait i'm exhausted! i think i need a masage my body hurts so damn bad  annoyed 
okie only 2 nights left for now its off to bed to die for a lil while
ugh sick as hell   when does it stop?
5 more hours and i'm off for 2 nights   maybe i can actually do something instead of bein in bed sick this time
"i can feel your eyes on me, wet like peaches "
time to clean and do some laundry   anyone wanna come do it for me?? ha
"just marinated steaks for dinner, its gonna be yummy!"
"smells like dinner is ready! steak, acorn squash, salad and hawaiian rolls   mmm"
gotta love this nasty weather i'm so ready to go home and crawl into bed  annoyed 
"ya know there some fucked up low down people in this world    like really what the fuck, why?!?!"
oh my gosh this is the longest night ever! somebody save me please 
green n yellow!
yay its friday!
i love love love waking up ever hour and a half!!!
"i hate the month of february   and apparently it hates me too, ugh"
happy <propfirst>'s day! hope everyone has a great day  love 
"can't wait to get off work and get some sleep, then gotta go stay with moms in the hospital for a couple days, maybe we can find her some lungs while were there"
"in loving memory of nevaeh herron february 16, 2008  rest in peace baby girl, one day i will hold you again "
really? hahahaha
"ya know, people never cease to amaze me   oh and by the way i'm flattered, but you'll never get that much outta me   you aren't worth my time!"
"3 nights down 3 to go   can't wait for my weekend i feel a \get shitty\"" night comin on!"""
yay i think we are gonna get this apartment! i hope so i need outta this toxic apartment i'm in now 
"its finally friday!!! i think i want a drink for breakfast, ha "
"headed to new orleans   mom is getting lungs!! i will keep everyone posted, please pray our family we need all the strength we can get to make it through this "
mom update: ok we just made it into the room they are about to start cleaning her blood and we are just waiting on the donor lungs at this point 
mom update: dr just came in looks like she is going in for surgery at or around 730 tonight 
"ok: the dr just came in there is a delay on the donors side of it so we are still waiting, will let everyone know when she goes back to the or"
mom just went into surgery will update as we know more    please pray for my mama!!!
surgery is over mom is doing good waiting to move to icu   
"mom is doing great the drs are making her breathe on her own working towards getting her breathing tube out, she isn't completely awake yet but getting there "
i am sooo fricken exhausted   mentally and physically
"i can't believe some people, some things should just be left alone, especially if ur doin what u do for the wrong reasons   be true to urself leave me out of it"
"update: mom had a good night she is off her sedation medication and is responding to commands, her anxiety is good, no bp meds   "
just got to see mom she looks great! she is breathing on her own no forced respirations and is very awake and calm  still waiting on the dr but things look good
yay! dr is pulling the breathing tube out right now 
sorry to everyone who has been following mom on my fb i wasn't at the hospital today but she is doing great and is out of icu now  thanks everyone for the love 
i'm sooo tired!!!
"so i'm finally back at the hospital with mom   she's doing good, seems to be a little tired by this point but that's to be e playful ected considering the time "
"mom is doing great! you would never suspect that she just had an extremely serious surgery just 5 days ago  we are going to do a little walking today, she might even be able to take a shower today too, which i know she will love  it shouldn't be but a couple of days until she gets to move to the apartment   smile "
"the dr  just left not too long ago, said the space around moms lungs is getting smaller which is a good thing, air bubble still decreasing in size as well  she still has a lot of drainage so the chest tubes won't be coming out today "
"i may be bad but i'm perfectly good at it, sex in the air i don't care i love the smell of it, sticks and stones may break my bones but chains n whips excite me"
"it is so liberating to throw away the past   literally, in the dumpster  there aren't anymore lingering reminders  smile )"
mom is doing amazing she said she's starting to feel a lot better  dr  came in and they are going to remove one of her chest tubes today  yay!
i think you're under me if you don't understand me
9 days left in this toxic apartment   can't wait to get the hell up outta here!
i just want to thank everyone who has lost their monkey ass minds today and brought laughter to my day 
what a horrible night at work   some people just don't know when to shut the hell up!
omg an hour and a half left then a 3 day weekend yay!
"for the first time in a really long time i can honestly say life is good, everything seems to be falling perfectly in place   how refreshing  smile "
"today was a good day  cleaned the apartment some, packed up the rest of my stuffs, washed and cleaned my truck   got a lot done  now i'm ready to move  smile "
so there is nothing fun about standing outside at work when its <propfemale> and cold  where the hell did the warm weather go???
"today is my moms birthday, thanks to ochsners and their amazing transplant team we are able to celebrate this day with her    and many many more in the future "
"so   tonight is the last official night in apt 421  tomorrow, everything changes  the past is the past and no longer haunts my future  out with the old and in with the new  life is great!"
"this is the perfect weather to be in the bed, why am i at work??  sad "
just turned in the keys to my old apartment at timber grove and the deposit is on its way back to me  deuces to that place and everything attached to it!
