a3174a5756ae665bfe5edb425953c309
my new years resolution is to remember that the only thing in the entire world i have control of is myself and my actions  absolutely nothing else  aaah freedom 
is bored & hot   
"\my career     one word        magical diarrhea \"""""
i want a baby camel
: inspired 
"going to work, what a strange new sensation this is "
i forgot to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me   
holy dead extremely talented famous people!
attn: painkillers are fucking dangerous people! it's not all fun and games  deaths resulting from painkiller abuse are at an all time high    get the word out 
: is wishing someone would kill that sound of a cat dying that is miley <propmale> singing   
wants to marry <propmale> dyrdek
"if you wait, good things do come  maybe years later once you are on the right track but they come!"
"a little <propmale>'s world before work, awesome "
"crack the shutters open wide, i want to bathe you in the light of day "
"hanging out with a baby is like hanging out with a really, really small and really, really hammered person"
is working the overnight shift 
off to work i go   
cannot get with it today                          
i used to want to be a hippie then i became one and realized i smelled bad and had a drug problem 
"has a sprained finger, thanks <propfirst> "
has a toothache from hell
is forever young
"errands, pool with bran, meeting in owatonna, see spons's new place and get down and dirty with the 4th step "
"keeps going over these same days of this week last year trying to see if there was anything i could've have done differently, pointless but i do it all the same   "
": i do know, where you go, is where i wanna be "
a day for mourning   
"miss you bro, its been a whole year yet seems just like yesterday   andrew bongers 4 10 80-8 18 08 xoxo"
had a one night stand with a cat last night (just cuddling ya pervs)
gull lake here weeeeee comeeeee!
is in a fight with a pickle jar
is all out of sorts this week 
"maybe, in the future, you're gonna come back, gonna come back around"
"ok, no hopefully i will be an aunt by noon      this is taking forever  hurry up baby <propfemale>!"
is officially an aunt    welcome to the world <propfemale> <propfemale> riemann!
"if it's lonely where you are, come back down "
:: bad dreams           
had a great day off    did absolutely nothing then dinner with the lovely <propfemale> coughlin and now weeds 
prays to see herself as god see's her 
already has a f*ing cold           
loves rainy days 
"for what its worth, it was worth all the while "
"is shooting guns and holding babies, awesome sunday "
isn't in kansas anymore   no i literally just got home from kansas 
"whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of me, or any  when finished, paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"i know someday you'll have a beautiful life, you'll be a <propfemale>, in someone else's sky "
"is one year clean and sober, today!"
has the best guy  happy 3 years love!
"would pay to have someone update my profile for me, its about 5 years old "
climbing trees in the dark is dangerous   note to self: put deer stand up when its light out 
"deer:1, ali surprise "
"will be calling you to see, if you're sleeping are you dreaming, if you're dreaming are you dreaming of me   "
"has been held captive in her house all day by her own stupidity  i cannot, for the life of me, find my car key                "
is sick as a dog       
is stunned and perplexed and not in the good way 
just  wants  to  stop  thinking 
wishes judd apatow created the world 
"why do i like grocery shopping so much? i think its odd that i do  not that i do it often, but i get really excited when i do  maybe i should add it to my list of hobbys "
would like to stop being siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick 
unfortunately my job doesn't have snow days 
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours   you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) any question, no matter what it is  there is no ulterior motive; you have my full honesty, but i dare you to make this your status, and see what questions you get "
loves her new early christmas present from <propfirst>! yay a laptop for me!
"so i made it to the cemetary today  i sat in your truck, listening to your cd's and stared at your grave  it hurt like hell "
i never thought i'd say this but sometimes i wish i still lived at 15251 pleasant valley rd 
meeeeeeeeerry christmas everyone   i'll be at work 
"making christmas tacos    i just added the christmas part cuz its the holiday season, they are actually just regular tacos "
so much fun last night! great way to ring in 2011!
ugh i really don't want to get off my couch and go to work today    
did some damage at moa today and now having some serious buyers remorse 
bedtime
this is heartbreak warfare 
is sleeeeeeepy
is happy 
you know what's scary? when you are at home by yourself watching paranormal state for like 3 hours and then suddenly your tv turns off all by itself and freaks you the fuck out   until you realize that you had set the sleep timer earlier in case you fell asleep during said tv watching  ugh 
"damn you fishing trip, damn you "
"'s tooth hurts, lips are chapped and she misses that one guy that lives with her "
and i'm a million different people from one day to the next    
i'm a little more country than that 
"my landlord (who also happens to be my dads friend) just caught me in my bra and underwear as i got clothes from the laundry room his 2nd garage storage space  i knew i was taking chances and that it would happen someday, just didn't know today would be that day             cripes "
"i just enjoy reading peoples statuses   thats all i want when i'm bored, well really even when i'm not "
it's just me and my 5 month old neice who hates me for a good 5 hours tomorrow  we're either going to hug or scream this out <propfemale>!!!! i  love  you!
"meeting time, with a favorite! soooo happy  had a great lunch with <propfemale> coughlin earlier    back to the grind tomorrow "
"sooo how come i can see when ppl are viewing my profile now, did i do something or did they? either way this makes me hesitate my daily stalking ritual, not that it will deter me in any way, shape or form  don't lie, you know you do it too "
is being uber lazy today and loving it 
is watching the hurt locker and this is almost too suspenseful to continue watching   i can't even imagine   
loves monkeys and high fives 
's eyeballs hurt  the dr  just thoroughly assaulted them  i can't believe they let me leave the office like that    fun though 
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart "
sometimes it feels like i live alone and i hate it 
loves the rain and fog   
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>lking bout   
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, it was honestly the best birthday ever!"
"the basis of shame is not some personal mistake of ours, but the ignominy, the humiliation we feel that we must be what we are without any choice in the matter, and that this humiliation is seen by everyone      -<propmale> kundera"
"fine, i'll join the bandwagon    how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me, you know, our very first encounter  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this can    really be "
17 months and i'm a dumbass who can't count     
just watched the men who stare at goats and all i want to do now is take some lsd and stop being confused  i want that hour and a half back now!
is restless tonight 
"please pray for <propfirst> bongers, the bongers family and everyone else who was involved and their families  <propmale> needs your prayers to save his life  love "
"happy birthday <propfirst> <propfirst>! <propfemale> in there, we love you!"
such is the way of the world you can never know just where to put all your faith and how will it grow gonna rise up burning back holes in dark memories gonna rise up turning mistakes into gold such is the passage of time too fast to fold and suddenly swallowed by signs lo and behold  gonna rise up find my direction magnetically gonna rise up throw down my ace in the hole 
"happy birthday <propfirst> joseph   it would've been your 30th birthday today  i am eternally grateful for the time we had with you and the memories that are left  love you bro, see you when my work here is done "
is braindead tonight  must  go  to  sleep 
"the life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living  -cicero, <propmale> t "
is feeling homicidal right now   
has had it about up to here (motioning really really high above head) with this job 
"uh oh, redbull on an empty stomach   you know what that means "
our prayers have been answered yet again  somberly today let's give thanks to god for the closure he has blessed us with  our hearts are with the landsverk's today 
sorry everyone  i may have spoken too soon in my anticipation of what appeared to be the end of all this  i am utterly apologetic yet still hopeful for c
needs to find a new apt     ugh 
i'm not superstitious i'm just a little stitious    -<propfirst> <propfirst> 
is it 10:15 yet???
why do i care about people i shouldn't and don't want to care about? this frustrates me 
just realized that today is my 18 months sober  crazy 
wearing my teenage mutant ninja turtles t-shirt    today is gonna be a good day!
"loves having the laughs back at work, its about damn time!"
"all goodbye's are just temporary in the end, but still a bummer in the meantime "
"i ate a whole bunch of fiberglass insulation, it wasn't cotton <propfemale> like that guy said    my stomach's itchy "
looking at a house     oh the possibilities!
crumbs and sparkles 
"i am outraged! attention everyone---there's sites spokeo com and zabasearch com and they are online phone book search sites that has pictures that you have posted on facebook, addresses, phone <propfirst>, credit score, profession, home value income, # of children, profession, age, interests      remove yourself by the privacy button on the bottom right on their website  share this and repost "
watching the office with kat is the highlight of my day!
update: watching glee with kat is the highlight of my day 
is geeking out right now 
 love  one sweet day  love 
oh my goodness   i survived! now just 3 more 10 hour overnights in a row plus a 9-noon staff meeting shoved in there to go  let's hope i can retain some shred of sanity by the end!
is starting to feel like a vampire working all these overnight shifts   
going kayaking down the river with <propmale> b  and my papa! cross your fingers that i don't flip 'er!
is wondering if anyone will be heading back to fbo from the <propfirst> <propfemale> tourney before 2pm on sunday?
hello summer   we meet again 
is waaay too hyper for this time of night! aaaah!
aaaaah    home sweet bed 
so frustrated with my phone right now   i'm gonna kill it 
"no gas, no cell phone, no check card but fantastic friends who have saved the day!"
"so incredibley frustrated with blackberry right now, its unbelievable  i am now convinced that they make you update software that doesn't work so that you are forced to buy a new phone "
"bedtime, sunburnt, excited to shop and get together with some of my favorite lovely ladies tomorrow!"
"waitin', watchin' the clock, it's four o'clock, it's got to stop\tell him, take no more, she practices her speech\as he opens the door, she rolls over   \pretends to sleep as he looks her over"
i  love  summer!
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
is not a happy camper right now 
is finally getting excited!
going to be off the grid for a few days    yay 
"does my love ever touch you? does my love ever reach you? it's never enough, ah, is it ever enough?"
"love is not enough  it must be the foundation, the cornerstone -- but not the complete structure  it is much too pliable, too yielding  - <propfemale> <propmale>"
who's coming with me??
"goin goin, to to, cali cali    would've said back but i've never been  so excited!"
has a heavy heart today 
meeting  shower  catch up with old bestie  wake  work again  sleep  i hope my day goes in this order 
"today i'm going to cry, i am going to mourn and i am going to grieve without feeling ashamed  i am going to remember you and reflect  i love you and miss you just the same as the day you left   love  <propfirst> <propfirst> bongers 4 10 80-8 18 2008  love   love, chubs "
"disturbed that there is a lake pacid 3 coming out, even more disturbed that i've actually seen the first two  <propfirst> bossmann this is all your fault "
"why am i up at this crazy hour you ask? it's a little thing i like to call ssri discontinuation syndrome and it sucks  bad <propfirst>  note to self, get prescriptions refilled on time "
has no idea why she's awake 
i swear i was not meant to have a phone   rip phone #4 of this year    (this also means fb is my only mode of communication right now if i am at home and fyi i'm too lazy to check it often )
wish me luck tomorrow 
is so very genuinely happy right now!
had a nice little weekend with the bri-ski 
"ok cold, you have proven your point  stop making me miserable now "
is happy she lives on a hill today    
"first day on the new job was fantastic! also, i love zach braff "
is thankful and grateful  god is going to get an earful tonight!
is seeing red 
"friday, i like you "
"damn fall winter, i think i'm getting sick again  this blows, unlike my nose "
"your grace is wasted in your face, your boldness stands alone among the wreck "
best week ever! (except for right now where i have to be at work early)
narcissim: you can't believe everything is your fault unless you also believe you are all-powerful 
what an awesome sunday with miss <propfemale> and miss brandi    oh and <propfirst>!
feels deathly sick  no bueno 
"come on 5 o'clock, lets be swift about this so i can crumple back into my bed "
bad day 
"is it the full <propfemale>??? what is going on here?! as stated this morning, i am now going to crumple into my bed, headfirst, to end this horrendous day  (yes, i am being dramatic, but i hardly ever have bad days like this ) done  now off to make a mental gratitude list and talk with the big man upstairs, a sure cure "
"to top off my rough week, i got a call at work yesterday that my mom had a stroke or a heart attack  turned out to be a mini-stroke  no damage  however things have been getting better ever since, i think that was the worst of it  now back to happy <propfirst> land  thaaaaank goodness "
"squish mitten, hahahahahaha  original "
"things to be noted this week   been free of my addiction for two whole years now! also, of equal importance, <propfirst> has put up with me for four years today! ha "
is snooki snookered out! great night!
"deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer hunting! already saw 5 girl deer  now just waitin' to cross paths with the big one, and to make <propfirst> cry "
epic evening at epic!
to write love on her arms 
"today god called one of the good ones back home  i will forever miss your sweetness, your smile that lit up a whole room and your laughter  my prayers go out to all the people who love and care for you and especially your family  take care <propfirst>, we will catch up when i get there   love   love   love "
"tonight was full of tears, laughs, memories, good friends, true friends and new beginnings  i am thankful for so much today!"
"f you kid rock for your catchy, crappy lyrics that get stuck in my head all day and make me want to punch myself    "
i am a sucker for games  even though i am terrible at the majority of them  so i will now be playing that <propfirst> fad game going 'round  jumpin on the bandwagon because i might be good at this here game  haha  inbox me your number 
"about a hundred: you complete me  i am actually amazed we weren't friends earlier because i feel like i've known you my whole life  you've helped me through so much without even realizing it  you are one of the most selfless people i know   and \f%@*ing hilarious! you are family and i am forever grateful to have you in my life  maybe it happened to bring us this friendship  i love you ya nerd!"
"#1: you were on of my first best friends, we grew up together and have learned a lot about life together  we let life and our own selfishness get in the way of our friendship at one point but learned a valuabled lesson from doing so  i understand you and you understand me in a way not many do  i am glad we are back on track and love the heck outta you!"
#1 continued: i don't tell you what you want to hear but i am always honest with you  i know i can confide anything to you and you won't judge me  your kookiness and laugh are infectious  you are a coyboy bucko and i am hernia girl  we love chocolate and pickels as well as grandpas saying entirely inappropriate things   xoxo
is 85% sure she has strep  again  yaaay                       
"snow, snow and more snow "
"turns out, i'm awesome at driving in blizzards  especially without 4 wheel drive  it's true "
i don't wanna         
mornings  after 2 weeks off  rough 
every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end 
anyone have an old (or new) blackberry phone they wanna give away or that i could buy?
"might be getting sick again, really really hope not "
got a new phone so now i get service at my place! fi-na-lly!
"[poke]; me if you ever had a crush on me or still do ?\[like]; this status if you think i'm a good friend   smile \[message]; me if you ever wanted a relationship with me, and i wont tell a soul ?\[comment]; on this if we've had some good memories   smile \now lets see whose brave enough to copy this on their status  smile ?"
it's gonna be a loooooooooong day 
just took a 3 hour napsky  must've needed some sleep    
"me: \how was your trip? was it colder than f#@*?\""\",a3174a5756ae665bfe5edb425953c309,hopes today will go by swiftly  the faster the better 
prayers of comfort today going out to the friends and family that need them the most    
"i close both locks below the window\i close both blinds and turn away\sometimes solutions aren't so simple \sometimes goodbye's the only way \\and the sun will set for you\the sun will set for you \and the shadow of the day\will embrace the world in gray \and the sun will set for you "
congratulations <propfirst> and <propfemale> flintrop  the wedding was beautiful!
goodness gracious    
"is starting to tire of facebook  same stuff, different day "
"worked all weekend, then almost rolled the tahoe on the way home last night  have yet to get it out  however this snow day pretty much makes up for it!"
"<propfirst> is sick for the first time ever in our near 4 1 2 yr relationship  i haven't slept at all going on 36 hours straight bc everytime i fall asleep i stop breathing  went to the dr and am on a steroid  praying for a miracle tonight, i would much rather go to work tomorrow than an ent  monday blows "
wolf-parkinsons-white attack averted  heart meds and aspirin saved the day  very tired now and sick of all this random medical business as of late   
"\i've made a lot of empty promises in my time but that was by far the most generous \"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
