bf49407972e41c53b04d1241e56dd57a
bring it on 2010  wink 
so happy  so lucky  so ready 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
i know where i'm going cause i know where i've been  love 
lets pretend we're riding on a kite
anything just to see that smile
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
just had a tesch moment        we are related         damn!
mmmmmmm thank you beautiful music    
hate to say it but      what a boring sunday  sad 
is going to e playful lode
is breathing
is impressed at the level of commitment some people show for maintaining an attractive but fake reputation while neglecting the aspects of their lives that pose any real effort     was shocked out of bed to the realization that certain people are more tha
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrr!!!
buuuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  love 
is freaking out cause the car is brokeeeeeed  sad 
free hugs!!!
is happy as a clam  smile 
just became a fan of snuggling and wants to snuggle     
"wants to go somewhere, anywhere! lets go!"
can't wait  love 
life is so very fragile 
had a great opening night!  laugh 
is a little peeved
is straightening her hair for the first time in 6 months! woot!
is not a yo-yo
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
cried for joy tonight  smile 
is pumped for tanning in the first real sunshine of the freakin summer!!!
is well on her way to being black  wink 
performing for senior citizens is awesome hahaha
thinks her cat has swine flu    
is trying to find the greener grass
might get a little fiesty
laughed heartily tonight  hallelujah 
is contradictory
nothing is more powerful than beauty in a wicked world
"i don't need proof that this is wrong when the darkness of it resounds in my heart like an earthquake  no book can secure this truth, nor can any person defend it in the way that my heart feels it  but know this - my heart is stronger than the darkness  l"
say you want to live in love and kindness every day  say you know the meaning of love  see every person that you meet as every you and every me  then i'll know you feel the rhythm of love   love 
can't help wilting sometimes
its such a feeling that my heart can't hide  love 
did something kinda quirky and out of character for the first time tonight
wishes the sun would shine a little brighter
livin' life and livin' free  that's how its supposed to be 
oh wretched pillow     stealing my love     i will destroy thee       
is tucked inside her head
here's your <propmale> to prove them wrong
just     one small thing  one simple thing  please?
well that can't be good    
knows that her bark is worse than her bite  its time for some balance 
is in some kinda mood  wink  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
*sigh*
bloooooooooooooooooooop!
"sit back, relax and enjoy my show    this could be funny cause i'm about to lose control  love "
best day ever!  laugh 
is embarking on a journey to capture some beauty
wants to go to a beach soooo bad    
darn it all to pieces
needs to dance
is usually quite skilled at untangling knots but this particular knot is quite skilled at being tangled
"is pulsing, buzzing, boiling, shaking, shifting, quaking, sparking, aching   "
is at it again
's heart is filled with something truly beautiful 
"is in the mood for an adventure but has no one to adventure with, or at least not the one person she'd like to adventure with so      bedtime?  sad "
is off to work and wondering what to do with her day off
just got some new clothes and it stupidly happy about it  laugh 
just found out she has a lot more money than she thought she did  smile 
wants to scream
is a little fiesty again  smile 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
don't make me think before i speak or make me hold my horses    i will not hold my horses   cause you excite me like a locked door 
"come on kid, look at me where i stand  can't you see my heart burning in my hand? do you want me? do you not? does it feel cold baby? does it feel hot?"
is increasingly combustible
is on cloud 9
just made the most delectable looking dinner and is going to eat it outside in the sun  smile 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssssssssss                               
discover me discovering you
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
what a surefire way to ruin my day bleh!
"today is going to be here, there, and everywhere - hopefully ending in her favorite place  smile "
oh i'm y surprise - surprise -ours  love 
just lost it
is all about the l-o-v-e
is missing her simba    
could use a cat nap and a slap in the face
its tools like you that make my life look so much better
si se puede  laugh 
is caught in the moment just shy of waking - consciously spinning and completely paralyzed
what's better than wishing on a <propfemale>?
is craving some junk food and target     
just realized how little she actually means to you
what a great night! i love these people! i feel so lucky! i'm thinking about you (you know who you are)! i am pooped! goodnight!
is laughing her ass off at herself  laugh 
"dear brain, why are you being mean?"
"is kinda, sorta pretty damn excited for free time!"
wants             
laaa laaa laaaaaaaaaaaaaa!  love 
"once again, wonderful weekend  love "
is in love with this  love 
what to do? what to do? what to do?
silence is just as beautiful  love 
just realized that she rocks out like a white girl        
is not in the mood
never thought she'd fall for a lion  love 
would be happy to kick your ass  smile 
just found the most amazing program and is so excited to play with it when she gets home from work!
this morning's theme is: sucking dirt
mmmmm sweat     
is a little obsessed    
"<propmale> folds    get out of my head, i'm going to bed "
all i really wanna do is love you
[darn] i+ @11 2 {pieces}
can't seem to find the brakes    
is all ready for some quality tanning time with herself  lets go sun!
perfect
feels very small
my senses tell me i'm running but this scenery all looks the same
who the hell do you think you are?
bubble wrap     
i'm <propfemale> of attention to detail
when you assume you make an 'ass' out of you 'u' and 'me'
needs to create a new word to describe how she's feeling    
hello paycheck  wink 
"my oh my, how my blood boils its sweetest for you, strips me down bear and puts me into my favorite mood"
<propfirst> mayer has the right idea - say what you mean to say 
is having withdrawls
"quick judgments, preconceived notions, assumptions, etc = epic failures"
once upon a time    
changed her mind  running on the oly track sounds better 
swody  lack of vehicle  hungry for fun  i'll kiss you later  sigh 
"mechanical pencils, chips ahoy cookies and <propfemale> winking notebooks  these are a few of my favorite things "
"just performed her 1st ever center french braid on herself, by herself (no help from a mirror or other party), woooooo! and she is pleased because it looks grrrrrrreat!!! (<propfemale> also thinks that she might need to set some rules     like only one status update day     )"
 laugh        that's all
"those who love themselves are enslaved to no one else and they don't have to cover their eyes, they don't have to compromise"
needs a nap and then some
just growled in at least 5 different ways
she was walking around like a loaded shotgun    
will kick yo trash! raaaarrrrr!
"last day of work  procrastination  no simba  movie run failure      cookies, tea, and <propmale> potter saved today "
is waiting patiently for coffee and not so patiently for tomorrow  blah!
<propfemale> sheeeeeeeeeeeba  love 
avada kedavra!!!
is in the process of moving and is so pleased with her new room!
today can be summarized in two simple words: holy hell
suddenly i see
needs a lot of things but this is not one of them
"just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
wishes she had all the answers
likes to think that there's an upside to everything and everyone
shopping with the little sis = awesome  laugh 
well that's that 
realized that the glass is a little emptier than she thought
drive in moooooooovies!!!
is excited to wake up  smile 
oh hell    
why react when you can act and produce reaction?
just might e playful lode
loooouuuud noises!!!
maybe the best solution is no solution at all
i am an endangered species but i sing no victim's song  i am a woman  i am an artist  i know where my voice belongs  i know where my soul belongs  i know where i belong 
is living vicariously through <propfemale> <propfirst>'s brutal honesty
snap out of it!!!
a skip and a hop away from an oxymoronic mess!
maaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  playful 
you would ya booch  annoyed 
"is really tired, has pre-school anxiety, hates that the sun isn't out and wishes there were something here to hold "
yup is a funny word 
juuuust realized something      crap!
adores mister <propfirst> gardner
just took a very pleasant nap  smile 
here we go!
looooves school but is a weeeee bit bored  annoyed 
don't stop believing!
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
would love to be waking up to a summer morning with no to dos but having fun   psyche! school's in session and we hit the ground running!
is breathing  smile 
the attitude of gratitude with bring you opportunities
wonderful night with the roomies!
you have to know all the rules to break them
its times like this when i see the true potential of anger 
feels electric
has wonderful friends  smile 
is covered in glitter   
is ready 
i got sunshine!
is gonna bring it!
you'll never learn a thing if you bail out now
goooooood ju ju to all that auditioned for fuddy meers and sleepy hollow! this department rocks and i am so grateful to be a part of it! i love you all!
is about to embark on an incredible journey  smile 
"\i don't suck at boys  boys suck at me \""  laugh """
la la la la laaaaaaa!  laugh 
is craving that little spark   
doesn't like seeing green in people
is jumbled
"is dancing, singing, acting, learning, smiling, taking, sharing, watching, giving and giving and giving and loving it  love "
god its hot in here
sigh
is going to quite her thoughts with some well deserved sleep
doesn't foresee much sleep tonight   
"something told me to run and <propfemale> you know me, its all or none"
likes being home
ouch
how am i supposed to judge things objectively when being me automatically makes me biased?
where's an easy button when you need one?! a-ha!
hahahaha oh boy   
can't help dancing around up there  smile 
is so much better than this  smile 
had a fun random awesome conversation night  smile 
is it possible to not be on first-name-basis with yourself?
will always have something to smile about
some people just can't help but tread on thin ice   
two words: hell no  laugh 
goooooooooooood to know!
is becoming a nun 
feels so incredibly lucky grateful amazed that she practically gets paid to go to school and study what she loves
is amazed at her luck
"words of wisdom from <propfemale> roberts: \men are crap \"""""
fancies a nap
booooooored on a friday night
haha noise-face-game! genius  wink 
thinks a wee bit too much
2 decades    woooo!
"thanks for all the \happy birthday\""s! i love you all!  laugh """
let the world change you and you can change the world
would like some company
loves her new ipod! so much room! yesssss!
the sky says boom boom boom
oh oh oh oooooh oh    
is surprised in both good and bad ways
"ugly <propfemale>, cheese, crackers and <propfemale> light  smile "
balls    
"\a homo just gave it to a girl to open    how much more whimpy can you get?\"""""
"in this house we use the \cup system\"""""
had a good day  smile 
ahhhhhhhh sexual politics!
damn you dum dums   
is taking a deep breath of optimism and blowing away the storm cloud
started the day with productive panic and now everything is a-ok  laugh 
danced the night away  smile  goodnight!
just finished season 2 of ugly <propfemale> and doesn't know what to do with herself!
is ready for some more work and some more fun  wink 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
{?}
well that's downright craptastic
they were right    too much of anything isn't good for you 
is so excited to get done with classes today and go take a nap   
mmmm  smile 
is usually pretty good at untangling knots but as of late only seems to be able to tangle them further
c h a n g e
damnit   damnit damnit damnit 
"wow    absolutely, completely, oh my god wow   i love you sleepy hollow family  love "
happiness is a state of mind
when you wish upon a <propfemale> just know that it won't get you far
magic is coooooooool
not quite an epiphany but close   
just call me cookie monster  wink 
"\its the land of naked marble boys\"""""
grrrrreat
now baby lets be honest   
somewhere between unsure and a hundred
everybody wants to love and be loved
they say you're really not somebody until somebody else loves you  well i am waiting to make somebody somebody 
the only way out is up
come on life  turn off the crapper 
"wishes she could have known some of the things she knows now a little sooner so as to avoid certain complications, but supposes that if she always knew what she would know then she'd never e playful erience anything - achieving a lack of complications hand in hand with a severe lack of living  damn "
"dear juicy fruit, it has been far too long and i have missed you  welcome back into my life  smile "
has time to kill    die die die!!!
has decided 
oh self discoveries    
thinks she's finally found the tattoo she wants  smile 
fancies a nap later on today  smile 
didn't get her nap but is going to bed early so as the hit the gym at 6 am  playful 
mulled things over  again  sigh 
here we go 
why am i ten feet under and upsidedown?
"how like <propfemale>'s apple doth thy beauty grow, if thy sweet vitrue answer not thy show "
likes the sound of an improbable romance
needs to stop being nosy 
we are one  we're all just people  lets catch amnesia and forget about all that evil 
we have a right to insist to be free and brave
this is an abnormally long bump in the road   
has decided that she is retarded  there  i said it 
needs to take her own silly advise  smile 
is trying real hard not to be discouraged  smile  go optimism!
boo you whore   
it was so lovely to see all you girls! (you know who you are) i've missed you like crazy!
wants to go to a movie! who wants to go with me?  laugh 
"me, myself and i need some quality time"
is gonna jump the gun  smile 
paranormal activity freaked my shit ooooouuuuuuut!  sad 
"i'm flustered and unsteady, so desperate to be ready"
is listening to bittersweet <propfemale> accompanied by a rainy percussion
   analysis   stupid shower   starbursts!!!   analysis   
let's take it one step further shall we?
c'est la vie  love 
r i p   cause of death - shakespeare analysis
 smile 
"dear black eyed peas, you make me feel spunky  thanks a million!"
is a wee bit frustrated and dreading further frustration
loves magic!!!
is smiling inside
it was the biggest racoon i've ever seen!
11 and 1 2 hour tech! woo!
buzz 
is not quite herself
cleaned her room and her bathroom today and is super duper pleased!
loves <propfemale> murphy
finds herself funny in the privacy of her room  mahaha 
just turned down chocolate   wtf is wrong with me?
supercalifragisexy  wink 
"went slighty catatonic when she saw snow this morning    of yea and the power \kinda\"" went out   wtf"""
is ready to open  smile 
holy crap!
doesn't really get it but doesn't really care cause it doesn't really matter   so there  playful 
<propfemale> up  smile 
the best show in the universe opens today!  love 
only a few hours until the opening night of sleepy hollow  smile 
opening was wonderful! chats afterwards even better  laugh 
 smile 
sleepy rocked tonight! i feel like the luckiest person alive!
loves her friends with all of her heart and soul  smile 
smiled for a new reason today
why does love always fell like a battlefield?!
is a spukakickyerass'ndancey kinda girl right now
has two objectives right now - food and sleep
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> tonight the kitchen is my dance floor
"dear life, calm down, love <propfemale>"
wishes 
is bubbling!
if it kills me
is amazed  smile  thank you
mraz + bareilles + sano + a big bus = a good morning
just barely got home from photo call   
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah   
i feel like i just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich   
is a little afraid
"no body's gonna come and save you, you've pulled too many false alarms "
needs to get it all out
really hates feeling like the bad guy
"you gotta laugh a little, cry a little and let the clouds roll by a little"
needs to close the door for a while 
i will find a way to you if it kills me
"dear heart, shut up, love <propfemale> "
as if a handshake could do the job   
i don't regret it and i don't think it was just a waste of time
story of my life 
ani harminet  playful 
loves her roomies  wowzer!
"thought too much yesterday, heard ghosts, didn't sleep very well, feels like crap now, has a long day ahead of her and this morning, recognizes unwanted irony where it never was before "
thanks mom  smile 
"dear brain, its time to play nice, love <propfemale> "
love if you can and be loved
thank you common sense  love 
thank you friends  love 
"dear appetite, go away!"
is a work in progress
is in the mood to snuggle   
is looking for something
its gonna be a good night  wink 
is watching dance and missing it
"loves the word \peeved\"""""
is a little bit of a push over and hates it
is in awe 
"i miss you more than i should, than i thought i could"
my dear we're slow dancing in a burning room
"ready or not, here we go!"
done!
you're a part of the past that i don't mind reliving
"has a great idea  take a deep breath, take action, move on "
bleh!
the streets are bear and everywhere the trees are full of strangers!!!
can anybody find me somebody to love?
just keep breathing
i thought we could wait for the fireworks
mental dump - wa la - bad thoughts are gone  smile 
is a hot babe!
loves when her friends hijack her facebook and change her status  laugh 
really truly can't wait for this semester to be over 
my horoscopes keep getting more and more accurate and its freakin me out!
 love 
just has to accept that small fact
 smile 
loves movies that make you happy to be alive
is anxiously awaiting a tsunami of sorts
"i just want to be ok, be ok, be ok"
its a long way up
no body told you the best way to steer when the wind starts to blow
has decided that she must start keeping a journal again
is fully of dorky smiles and cackles  smile  life is good
you taste just like glitter mixed with rock 'n roll
could use a massage real bad 
is thinking  smile 
"love and smiles, loosen those belts and have a fanfreakintastic day! happy thanksgiving!"
is straightening her hair for turkey day! woooooo!
realization = relief = uh oh
doo <propfemale> doo <propfemale> doo baa daaaayyy
>[good grief]<
"you win some, you lose some but everything happens for a reason and there's always something to look forward to  smile "
blow my heart up
is making cinnamon pancakes!!! tesch i'm cooking!  smile 
will always be a cookie  smile 
"\minorities get priorities!\"" - <propfirst> sano"""
you're so vain! you probably think this status is about you!
life is pandemonium
is somewhere over the rainbow
"dear drama, die, love me  laugh "
loves her mom  love 
waking up and realizing i still have and hour to sleep + pumpkin spice + strawberry oatmeal + turquoise + <propfemale> day! + tomorrow is friday = a happy little <propfemale>
is content but crossing fingers
"he tastes like you, only sweeter"
is watching the proposal and thinking sweetness  smile 
is full of gratitude
sleeping in + coffee delicioso + ugly <propfemale> drama + more coffee = good morning world!
is happy despite the snow  smile 
"just looked outside, saw little <propfemale> footprints in the snow and is even happier now!"
loves seeing people in love cause someday it'll be my turn  smile 
b'zzzing!
is facinated  playful 
"hello change, i'm delighted to meet you "
can't wait to go back home and sleep!
ugly <propfemale> and a nap  yay  smile 
the nicest man i ever met told me to go to hell   
5 hour nap + gaga + the blind side + village inn + crazy talk + furngalie + cuddling on the floor + no school tomorrow = one kick ass day
i am waiting to make somebody somebody
"\you're out of your tiinyyy miiiiindzzzzz    \""    [blank look]    best night ever with <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> garner  playful """
is a happy camper  playful 
early morning <propmale> potter means its gonna be a good day  playful 
"\together we shall cast ourselves into the future! broaaaaden your minds! ah! your <propfemale> is pulsing dear! my dear     you have      the grim     \"""""
"\oh you may be young in years but the heart that beats beneath your bossom is as shrivled as an old maids  your soul is as dry as the pages of the books to which you so desperately cleve \"""""
= tsew airam nylak
11:11 make a wish!
 playful 
the disco ball is hanging by a thread
yes  no  yes  no  yes      ah no 
watch your heart when we're together  boys like you love me forever 
misses her roomies  sad 
supercalifragisexy ;p
i want your leather studded kiss in the sand
cheese & chocolate fondue + hot cider + 4 gorgeous gals + good movies + bon appetit! + smiles + about 4 hours of sleep = tired happy  love 
uhhhhh cat hair in my keyboard    llleeeeaaaaaoooooooo  tesch west and i really are related  pft!
"bondage is hoarse and may not speak aloud, else would i tear the cave where <propfemale> lies and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine with repetition of my <propmale>'s name  love "
get ready      sleepy hollow is back!!!
do the thing you never do 
i need a fix cause i'm going down
wonderful night for some mayday parade  love 
doop 
has a 6th sense - the bullshit <propmale>
i want you i want you so [bad] i want you its drivin me [mad]  love 
choose the raunchy!  playful 
"the opposite of war isn't peace, its creation"
has been reunited with bikhram yoga - also known as 90 minutes of hell
realizes something new every day  smile 
both hands tied behind my back for nothing
has her fingers crossed
backing up  shifting gears  new road 
who says i can't be free from all of the things that i used to be? rewrite my history? who says i can't be free?
really wants to say yes
i could use a little miracle
hmmmmmmmmm
"dear voice, why???"
maybe two is better than one
surprise! <propmale> <propfirst> huston is home!
loves her friends with all of her heart and has discovered something priceless 
is happy as a clam  smile 
kicked bikhram yoga's butt; feels great; loves life; is excited for tonight! thank you universe for this abundant happiness! woooooooooo!  playful 
hahaha yea   
is so cold!!!
"i need to be bold, need to jump in the cold water, need to grow old with a guy like you"
why? why must the math class that i need to take be cancelled? why?
"\how do you know <propfemale> has to be a man?  no woman is going to wear the same outfit year after year \"""""
"next time you point a finger, i'll point you to the mirror "
<propfemale> christmas!!!  love  wishing everyone a wonderful day! drive safe!
something amazing i guess  love 
"\hard times are in style \"" - <propmale> young"""
discovered that when u go 2 bed before 4 am u dream more; thinks the break should be extended a week; was finally caught by the sickness bug & resents her soar throat;  love  her crazy family > than anything; can't wait 2 see sherlock holmes 2morrow; misses weber friends & will miss slc friends when she leaves; still needs 2 see the lights; hopes everyone knows how amazing they are; is happy as a clam  love 
wow 
"with friends like these, who needs enemies?  smile "
embrace your inner loser! do it  wink 
i like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly
<propfirst> mayer fan - always & forever  love 
is your punch line just a joke?
's mom just got her a new phone! woooooo! gracias mama! te quiero mucho!
is happy as a clam playing with bubbles  laugh 
they call her love love love love looove
is so grateful to be surrounded by such wonderful people
this time i'll be bulletproof  wink 
all you need is love  love 
make somebody happy and you'll be happy too
 laugh 
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah! blah!
how can we be e playful ected to spread love when we deny it to ourselves?
"\just because no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist \"""""
disco broadway   oh yea   
school = aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! but i'm still happy as a clam  playful 
take a glorious bite out of the whole world  love 
"this little light of mine, i'm gonna let it shine  love "
"\that's not a bus stop! that's just a bus that's stopping!\"" - marza (she's gonna give me crap for this   )"""
pink!
who told you you're allowed to rain on my parade?
has reawakened her obsession with lost!
 love 
is happy as a clam once again!
"embrace me, my sweet embraceable you   love "
"1 in a 1,000,000  laugh "
is watching reefer madness  wink 
"this time baby, i'll be bulletproof  love "
we lose things and then we chose things 
dear self  less wishing  more doing  chop chop 
is tired to the point of tears
could use a hug
"needs these plays: closer, the shape of things, six degrees of separation, end days, and stop kiss  if anyone has copies i can borrow, she would be most grateful "
is watching the most ridiculous movie ever with <propfemale> briggs!
oh boy you've left me speechless
"dear in the heights, i love you but stop making me cry  thanks, love <propfemale> "
<propmale> is my favorite boy on the face of this entire earth  if he and <propfirst> became one   well i would be getting married right now 
b s e 
has had a wonderfully lazy day after a wonderfully wonderful night with some of the best people this existence has to offer  smile  love you all!
damn 
it takes two to whisper quietly  love 
"its time to trust my instincts, close my eyes and leap"
its chill in the wind but its warm in your arms
"thinks everyone should buy tickets to sleepy hollow (<propfirst>  22, 23) and spelling <propfemale> (feb  2-6) at weber state university! call 801-626-8500 for tickets!  smile "
put on a smile and it feels gooood  smile 
chili cheese fritos   yummmm
goodnight world  smile 
aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   
 love  s coffee
thinks everyone should come to the remount of sleepy hollow! there are plenty of tickets for all 3 shows this friday and saturday! call 801-626-8500 for tickets! its going to be awesome! be there!
tie my handlebars to the stars so i stay on track
bloooooooop!
my roodie + 2 new cars + fun pictures + kick ass opera + possibility = 1 superb sunday
loves having a car  praise jesus 
"buy your tickets for the 25th annual putnam county spelling <propfemale>  now! its going to be awesome! opens next tuesday! call 801-626-8500 or go online to weberstatetickets com, performing arts, aat production in the eccles theater! do it!  laugh "
i never knew anything at all  love 
shed your skin and let the sun shine in
"even the worst, most irretractable mistake is better than never trying "
is learning japanese with <propfirst> <propfirst> sano
needs to stop crucifying herself
"i need your laugh, i need your smile, i need you here  love "
never lose sight of yourself for fear of being lost in the sight of others
"the 25th annual putnam county spelling <propfemale> opens tonight at wsu! come, support and laugh your guts out! you know you want to  wink "
bit-o-honey's are the best  laugh 
can't get over how lucky she is  smile 
its like the universe is leisurely entertaining me with serendipity and social e playful eriments
"a busy day of new ideas, good friends, dancing like a secretary, my new best friend named gym, the sweetest phone call, a delicious sandwich, the most comfortable nap imaginable and the prospect of a kick ass show tonight makes for a very happy <propfemale>  smile "
is pooped  smile  hello sleep!
has incredibly wonderful and talented friends whom she loves with all her heart and soul  love 
someday i'll wish upon a <propfemale> and wake up where the clouds are far behind me
 smile 
"\it's intolerable being tolerated \"""""
has the munchies!
if only   
here we go!
actf craziness! woooooo!
is exhausted but happy as a clam  smile 
walking on a bed of <propfemale> petals  love 
i love that boy with all my  love 
is walking on sunshine! oooooohhhhh!
"infinity & a day, forever & always"
"die vampire, die!!!"
the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly
loves singing  love 
-2 inches of hair and its perfect! yay!  laugh 
loved brunch with the bunch & shopping with the girls  smile  love you all!  love 
is crossing her fingers for survival
its the little things  smile 
life feels like a blur right now but there are many things to be happy and grateful for  smile 
needs a kick ass joke! help!
that face + that comment + that luck + that show + that beat + that idea =  smile 
tonight's rehearsal was nothing short of bad ass  wink 
thank god its friday!  laugh 
couldn't be happier  smile 
dear life  calm down  thanks  love <propfemale> 
ok  puttin my foot down  that's enough 
could go for a massage and falling asleep to a movie  oh and some cookies 
successful scene + passing math grade + gym + healthy grocery shopping + cookies from <propfirst> <propfirst> glade + pretty damn awesome reefer run + 1st ever veggi-burger + roomie time = happy little clam  playful 
"good morning starshine, the earth says hello  love "
my sweetheart + wonderfully successful rehearsal + taco <propfemale> + brilliant ideas + hilarious company and conversation = every little thing is gonna be alright
thinks too much 
"dear 2 hour, scary ass blizzard commute from park city to ogden  you suck "
is about to overdose on reefer    madness
misses her roomies  sad 
la de da de daaaaaa  laugh 
loves the cast of reefer madness so much!  laugh 
hey my phone is dead so if anyone's trying to get ahold of me    your best bet is marza warsinske or just shouting real loud  laugh 
being a zombie is dangerous
is exhausted
loves heros!
come here bed   
my horoscope just told me to clean my room  damn 
"theater is a beautiful, transformative <propmale> form  and it's trying to kill me "
is excited to open reefer madness tomorrow and begin the spring break healing process  smile 
"clean room, clean dishes, clean laundry, clean bathroom   and now i'm filthy    crap!"
sorry homework  sad  sleep trumps you tonight
come see reefer madness!!! opens tonight!!!  laugh 
what a kick ass opening night!  laugh 
well done cast of light in the piazza  smile  truly magnificent
there's no place like home  love 
is in love with a treasure
is the luckiest girl alive
supercalifragisexy  love 
wants to get out of utah and lay on a beach so bad  so  bad 
i will be perfect
sandwiches are always better with chips in them
seinfeld and a nap? yes please  smile 
don't make fun of me! you know who you are! grrrrrr      
laughter is the best medicine
"\i hate semi-trucks! they make me semi-nervous! that's why they call 'em semi   trucks   \"""""
don't make me think before i speak  don't make me hold my horses 
[pause]
"kicked ass on my math test + reunited with my best friend, gym + sandwich delicioso + delightful voice lesson + my love and riiiii will be here soon = a happy cookie"
watch your  love  when we're together  boys like you  love  me forever 
this weekend is your last <propmale> to see reefer madness! buy your tickets now and come laugh your ass off! i mean it!
is enamored with the dancing jap and sketching <propfemale> in her kitchen  smile 
today is like hmmmmm
chilis with awesome people = good choice  laugh 
wants to live in the gym
a <propfemale> is just a pawn with a bunch of fancy moves
good ju ju to one and all
is in love with reefer   madness ;p
i'm gonna miss my reefer family  sad 
"moday morning, school is calling  down some coffee, dive right in "
shakalaka apple juice!
is in love with a firefly named <propfirst> - sorry roodie!
"dear gym, thank you for all you do for me  love <propfemale>  love "
 smile 
"some of this was here before us, all of this will go after us  it never stops until we kill it  say when "
absolutely loved our town and how to train your dragon! go see both!
"dear money, you are the bane of my existence "
good moring world
"discovered that you get free stuff when you're injured  1 sprained foot = ice pack, foot wrap and pills"
"\feee-fiiii-fooooo-shit!\"" - <propfirst> <propfirst> sano"""
chocolate pez are gross    
would very much like to be sleeping
dear snow  go away  you suck  i hate you  die 
is contemplative
sleepy sleepy sleepy  playful 
the sun's gonna rise in a mile
loves the feeling of efficiency  oh and chocolate covered raisins  smile 
loves pumpin iron  wink 
hope that it glows
strum me like a guitar
"happy birthday to the ground!!! <propfemale> vander does, lukas paxton monday, <propfirst> <propfemale> vickers"
homemade pizza and a movie with my love  smile 
"\we're the three best friends that anybodycouldeverhave! we're the three best friends that anybodycouldeverhave! we're the three best friends that anybodycouldeverhave! and we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other!\"""""
is in love with the blind side  smile 
yawns are funny
i love you  you know who you are  smile 
"hey if anyone needs summer housing, there's an open room at my house! cute and comfy, this place has been a wonderful e playful erience! call me if you want info and pass this message along!"
oh how i deplore homework!
is happy  why? him  smile 
checkin stuff off my list + happy news + dance dance dance + beautiful sunshine + my love = a good day
"dear money, way to spoil a perfectly good day     signed, <propfemale> "
sunshiiiiine!  laugh 
are we there yet?
is grateful for good judgement
"leaves too high to touch, roots too strong to fall"
dear sun  make up your mind  to shine or not to shine?
"<propfirst> looked my name up on urban dictionary and it said   \kalyn: something indescribably good; can be used as a weapon of mass confusion \"""""
mmmm  grape-bluberry vitamin water  smile 
"people change, people grow  we rearrange, we let things go "
go go go go go!
hates messing up in a performance   oh well   
nice is different than good
one more final and i'm done!!!
done with school   so why is there still stress in my life?
is having a hard time holding back
just about moved home for the summer!  laugh 
"good morning coffee, family and gym  smile "
"\crap! my flowers got diabetes!\"" - <propfemale> <propfemale> west"""
is very happy
would like to live in a tree  smile 
snow?! wtf?! who the hell do you think you are?!?!
"when the <propfemale> is in the seventh house and jupiter aligns with mars, then peace will guide the planets and love will steer the stars"
today was highly unproductive  and that's ok  smile 
life seems to favor a particular quality that i can neither name nor grasp  huh 
looking back: it has been a good year  smile 
had a wonderful night with a wonderful boy  love  i'm the luckiest
pico de gallo pico de gallo pico de gallo   yummmmm
"is faced with a massive, gigantuous, aching knot  good thing she's an e playful ert untangler "
"is an avid believer in the phrase: \you learn something new every day \"""""
"things just get so crazy, living life gets hard to do  i would gladly hit the road, get up and go if i knew that someday it would lead me back to you "
congratulations olympus high dance company! your concert was absolutely wonderful  laugh 
hello world  smile 
is in a less than ideal mood  eh 
"movies and junk food with my mom, sisters and roodie =  laugh "
i could really use a wish right now
feels good to be working again  smile 
would rather be cuddling
"movie + lover bum = one luckyyy, happyyy girrrl  smile "
gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym  laugh 
is gettin reeeeal excited  playful 
love love love love  love 
is amazed at herself   owwww!
 smile 
is enjoying a time of firsts
is busy as hell but grateful for every stinkin bit of it  laugh 
beads flowers freedom happiness
could use some sunshine
loves sunday morning talks with her mama  love 
dear snow  you were not invited to this party  please get out  thanks 
seal with a righteous kiss
is tired peaceful silly 
"dear day, why are you here so soon?"
loves the cast of hair  love 
is superexhaustocrazimissinweatherritated but so happy to be where and who she is  love 
so much love everywhere i look  love  thank you world
goodnight  love 
happy saturday everyone!
is buzzing  smile 
thank you for everything i know  love 
why why why wont the world revolve around meeee?
goodnight world  love 
discovered that her hair can get bigger  playful 
all you need is  love 
back to business!
would love to be on a beach somewhere
"home for a moment, i'm covered in soup and aches, longing to bathe in the sun but i gotta take a real shower and get to hair-in it up  a <propmale> life is never an easy one "
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
thank god its friday   
tonight's gonna be fuuuuuuuun  playful 
had a blast tonight with her hair family and treat <propmale>!  love 
's first real day off has started with coffee and chocolate chips  smile  ahhhhhhhhh    
moving is madness  sad 
yuuuuup
got a third job yesterday  smile  yay summer!
life is insane but in a week it'll be easier and so much better! yay!
lots of work to be done   
doesn't really want to go to work today    
funny people + adorable voice mails + sinful food + extra good work out + my hippies tonight = mmmmmm  smile 
"dear coffee, you are my savior   "
just saw a picture of her mother in a musical in high school    priceless!
would like to play
hates toilet-papering teenagers   
is loving her new home  smile 
8 days left!  smile 
tired  tired  tired  i want to hug everybody  playful 
goodnight  smile 
awesome rehearsal + love my hippies + roooooo + a full day off tomorrow = happy <propfemale>
"dear <propfemale> arias , tesch west , and <propfemale> <propfemale> west - i love you with all of my heart  you all make the world a better place just by being who you are and i couldn't be more proud of our family  i'm the luckiest  love "
can't wait to open! can't wait to open! come see hair! woooooooooo!
is off to teach hip hop to 5-7 year olds  smile  stokkkkked!
will the cast of hair please report to the be-in?
what a wonderful opening night! sleep in til 12? yes please  smile  hippies tonight? yes please  smile 
"is in love with all of her hippies, with this incredible show and already misses them fiercely!"
i know where its at  smile 
life is so fragile   so very very fragile   everyone please be safe  sending  love  to all 
is trying to figure out how she is supposed to properly tan with no back yard   awkward 
"they say a captain goes down with his ship, so when the world ends will god go down with it?"
love + anything = so much better
la de da de da  playful 
phone companies make me want to kick puppies   
"dear coffee, you are my savior, my love, my idol, my friend  i love you coffee "
loves chats and late night pizza with her hippies
?
my <propfemale> is being so adorable   she jumped up on my lap to purr and snuggle with me  smile 
i know a place where the grass is really greener  love 
slept in til 12 + gym + pizza + nap time + hippie time + condos + parade + more hippie time = one happy colombian
its the hippie life for me  playful 
is excited for lunch and a movie with her mama and sisters  love 
"is thinkin she should not talk, not even a little, for the next few days   "
can't wait for thursday and sunday
"can't wait for thursday, friday, saturday and \sunday!!! (there you go <propmale> <propmale>  playful )"
can think of a few things that would make her really happy   
is craving dance so incredibly bad   
"sunkissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle  love "
thank god   sleep 
hippie time is coming at the perfect time  smile 
all we can do is keep breathing  love 
"is so grateful to be surrounded by such uniquely amazing, incredible, open hearted, randiant people  love "
shower time!!!
my wonderful hippies + a kick ass show + late night fries + sleeping in tomorrow =  love 
thinks too much
"is turn-y on-y, flippy outy, stony switchy ony, freaky outy"
is thinkin she might be gettin a macbook    laugh 
hippie hippie hippie time  playful 
is so grateful to be apart of something so magical   love  my hippies 
had great fun at agyg tonight! well done everyone!  love  you all  laugh 
"hi-ho, hi-ho, its off to work i go  playful "
is watching <propfemale>'s next top model with one eyebrow raised   
laugh  shrug  i got nothing 
: undefined
is working on her hair blog and happy crying  its good to remember  smile 
musical theater class yesterday? a++  smile  my girls were so cute and they rocked! hip hop class today? we'll find out!
hip hop class? a +++  smile  now off to the gym and hippies tonight!
let it be  love 
so many things i'd say if only i were able
aaaaaaaaaaaaagherijwsdlhfl laugh cllhdfuighocjbkdhfjsjd-iofhfdjghiesnrlpk4jrisjvnfckjvspadij!!!
can't help wondering
can't sleep  sad 
there's a story a the bottom of this bottle and i'm the pen
just finished a whole box of milk duds   *pats herself on the back*
good morning starshine  smile 
"had a lovely day of good food, good shoppin and good converstation with marza warsinske  love "
is excited to watch clueless for the 1st time  smile 
is furiously fighting off a cold  sad 
would like to hug everyone
just sat in straddle for 1 2 an hour   ow
 love 
has fingers crossed
wants to cuddle real bad   
"\consider me uncatchable  like a jackal!\"""""
slept in til 12 + feeling much better than yesterday + coffee & 2x as much h2o + psych with tesch + mellow work out + hippies tonight = delight
peace love happiness
"dear body, why?"
"is stoked to be a part of the sleepy hollow float in the 24th of july parade in ogden tomorrow! 8 am, corset, peticoat and about 4 other layers in the hot summer sun! wooooo!"
just what is love?
is tired  nap time  smile 
only 2 more nights with my favorite people  sad  i love you hippies  love  lets live it up!
baby you got the keys  now shut up and drive 
"sunshine, squatters and sensational people  love  love today"
well   that's that 
one of the best e playful eriences of my life is now over  thank you to everyone who made this show truly magical  i've loved every moment and i love all of you
  peace and love 
life is around you and in you  love 
dear 70s bush  its been fun  but you are so out of here!
back to the grind  sad 
can't wait for under construction tonight!
is going a little bit crazy
car ride with the <propfemale> = hilarious
the radio is reading my mind   ah!
the winds of change are blowing wild and free
just found out i'm not allowed inside squatters without someone over 21 with me   
"its about one moment, the moment you think you know where you stand, but in that one moment the things that you're sure of slip from your hand, and you've got one second to try to be clear, to try to stand tall, but nothing's the same and the wind starts to blow"
"i really fucked it up this time, didn't i my dear?"
if i had it my way   
going to see the new pornographers at pioneer park! woot!
just keep on smiling 
no food in the house  no vehicle to go get food  too lazy to walk anywhere  who wants to bring me eats???  laugh 
i believe in love
chocolate orgasm 
spontaneity  smile 
"if t-mobile had a face, i'd punch it  grrrrr   "
lets make this moment a crime
chocolate tattoos music flowers pillows sunglasses pizza vitaminwater  love 
"dear bigger picture, there's no need to look so smug, i get it "
loves her family  love  they're really good at bs-ing their way out of things
vegas tomorrow!!!
fat girl @  love 
"alright  powering down  its time to stop thinking, relax and enjoy  smile "
i just can't get you off my mind
"sunshine, pearls and heels"
damn its hot   
just received her first proposal on the strip of las vegas
vacation means don't think about all the things you have to do when you get back
is fiesty today
a night on the town with my sisters!
smile for me 
"had a musical, hysterical, beautiful, chocolate filled evening "
needs to shine brighter
taking a risk will do us all some good 
<propfirst> draper rocks 
sooooo full of pizza
lets pretend we're riding on a kite
asks a lot of questions that she can't seem to answer
could use a scream
loves being happy for people  smile 
its time to sink or swim
forget regret or life is yours to miss 
is keeping the anxiety at bay but this all better work out
life is crazy  crazy is new  new is power  power is knowledge  knowledge is hope  hope is drive  drive is passion  passion is meaning  meaning is life 
red vans + sweet kisses + last day of work + gym + agua + soon to be in steamy vegas again = hell yea  playful 
everything isn't meant to be ok
mmmm sunshine   
douche taxi driver   
sure do wish i was made of money
on the road again (almost)
"\i'm a peacock! you gotta let me fly!\"""""
10:45 am and i'm smiling  its gonna be a good day  smile 
buzzing with the knowledge that i am where and who i'm supposed to be
is now the proud owner of a toyota <propfemale>!!!  laugh 
inspiring night  smile 
oh p!nk   you take me down memory <propfirst>   
from salt lake to ogden to draper to salt lake   i've had enough driving for one day   
wouldn't it be nice
 love 
needs some new music to jam to  any suggestions?
24 days   
is in love with a sexy goober
moving day  smile 
my new house is adorable and i'm so happy!!!  laugh 
is excited to see where this semester is going to go
mellow as jello
one word for tonight  amazing 
one day i'll be perfect  i will be extraordinary  i will take your breath away 
thank god its friday!
nostalgia  love 
 love 
goodnight world
stupid knee   why'd you have to hurt and cut my workout short?
half way through the week!  smile 
11 days until the big 21  playful 
i'm better near to you
"\oh fuckin fuck  there's too much tired in me   \"" <propfemale> jameson"""
5 smile 4 am and i've yet to get an ounce of sleep  yay play in a day!
"8 hours of sleep in the last 72 hours, 2 pizzas, 5 cups of coffee, countless quotable moments and 5 ridiculously awesome plays later   its time to sleep  smile "
mmmm lemonade   
flyin high  smile 
is so spoiled    laugh  roodie just bought me a new canon powershot sx20 is for my birthday and its amazing! thank you <propmale> keates!!!
you know the words so sing along for me baby  love 
wants to kick useless people in the shins   
nap time  smile 
4 days until 21!  playful 
"dear rain, i'm ok with you today  i second-hand witnessed some ignorant people with hateful opinions and it's just nice to know that at least some dirt in this world can be washed away "
loves both her soul mates - <propmale> keates and marza warsinske
thank you so much for all the birthday love! i love you all!  love 
is surrounded by such wonderful people! thank you everyone for the sweet birthday wishes  smile  what an awesome 21st birthday!
is really tempted to straighten her hair soon   
"\i'm not a fuckin muppet! i'm conducting an orchestra!\"""""
decisions decisions decisions
is kicking herself in the pants
"i wish i could pluck you out of the fight, wrap you up safe in my hands where everything is fair and everything is right "
the day began with coffee and donuts and cute heels  its friday  smile 
one word   tango 
"is in love with a silly, crazy, adorable, handsome, sweet, amazingly perfect person"
is happy  smile 
"dear monday, you don't scare me  playful "
is a teensy weensy ittle wittle bit stunned   accompanied by another emotion that is even more stunning 
"its alright to be afraid, just don't let your fears get in your way"
hummus + crackers + raspberry wheat = mmmm  smile 
"doughnuts, skittles, black licorice, orange juice, and coffee   for breakfast! oh god   "
funny how fast a single retarded computer can ruin my mood   
had a very entertaining time and the gym today  playful 
floggle that scrumble!
is finally starting to discover what her life is all about  what an amazing feeling  smile 
is so ready for a weekend
"today is full of amusing frustrations that have allowed me to rant, curse and blow off steam without actually pissing me off   happy friday everyone!"
spending the morning at the walk for diabetes!
is one happy camper  smile 
i love my life  love 
"dear wildlife, please resist the urge to play in traffic  automobiles don't play fair and they always win "
can't believe its monday   feeling lazy and useless
is on edge this morning  sad 
i love the conversations that happen outside 230    wink 
stupid stomach   
taking a stroll down memory <propfirst> with some <propfemale> spears  wink 
life would be easier if a lot of things   
our worlds are held together by invisible strings and too many things serve as scissors   
is the happiest cookie  laugh 
ran 43 minutes and wasn't even winded after! just sweaty  playful 
"relaxing at home after a long, long, productive day with beer and pasta  what could be better?"
is really excited about life lately  smile 
<propmale>!!!
trying to be something
=
i like it on the floor  wink 
won't you light my candle?
"\mmmm i'm a peach\"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
bleh  its one of those days 
i remember a lullaby  i remember spoonfuls of peanut butter  i remember 5 am  i remember the smell of coffee and adepas in the morning  i remember the only time i saw my father cry 
come audition for directing scenes october 14th and 19th at 1 smile 0 - 2:50! signups are on the callboard and sides will be posted outside 230! do it!
go go givens!
lunch break and back to work  playful 
take that givens! done 
squatters salt lake city utah
is obsessed with threadless 
i need halloween costume ideas!
you are the only exception
"7:18 + faulty phone & frost + coffee & muffin + test my knowledge of musical theory + voice lesson *aka recess + earth, <propfemale> & stars + giving birth to given circumstances + breakin a sweat @ the gym + tango time + construction work + glee + putting stage scenery behind me + the sweetest boy alive = tuesday"
is so done with this week
"\i remember that life was just as serious then as it is now \"""""
can't think  seriously can't think 
has discovered that it is entirely possible for her brain to be simultaneously full and empty
loved dancing last night!
is at peace
is a hungry hungry hippo   
"no one is perfect  it's what makes us interesting and it's what makes us human  then again, is there anything wrong with the pursuit of perfection? if you keep it in perspective, it can be a healthy goal  as long as you accept that you'll never truly reach perfection, you can continually strive for it and always be changing for the better  right?"
"dear stomach, please stop hurting  thanks!"
seriously feels shitty  wtf?
feeling better and feeling hopeful  smile 
jean-louise england has the most adorable sneeze ever
got some of her threadless hoodies in the mail today and did a joyful jig!
"dear fast food worker, don't be a bitch to your fellow coworker in front of customers  have some class "
today's the day  here we go!
oh the joy of going to class and finding out that there is no class  smile 
everybody's got their something
\the other day i saw a woman crying because she felt so strongly against \,bf49407972e41c53b04d1241e56dd57a,"come check out weber state's production of under construction! we opened last friday and still have shows on the 26th, 27th, 28th, and the 30th (matinee and \evening performances on 30th)  uc is an open hearted, thought provoking, eclectic collage of what it is to be american, or rather, to be human  don't miss out on this wacky, wonderful show! get your tickets by calling \1-800-wsu-tiks "
is el triste  muy muy triste 
finally cleaning my car and my room   i feel better  smile 
"can't wait to see the aat board this morning, her mama tonight and her sweetheart tomorrow!"
"everything we know is <propfemale> dust  so don't forget, you are <propfemale>s "
goodbye (for now) under construction  you've been thrilling and wonderful   love 
masquerades are fun and all but life can't be lived behind a mask 
think positive  think positive  think positive 
think positive! get it!
positive! positive! positive!  laugh 
come here haagen-dazs    
oh past   why must you continue to bite me in the ass?
 laugh 
is so grateful  so incredibly grateful 
its snowing and there's a bird in my basement   
auditions for the human rights campaign theater project are the 9th and 11th! (there was a typo on one of the fliers ) tuesday and thursday from 3 smile 0 - 4 smile 0! sign up sheets and info are on the call board by the allred theater!
come audition for the aat hrc theater project! do it! now!
"\if everyone just put out we would have a winning football team \"""""
loves being busy  smile 
is learning lessons every day  today's is <propfemale> 
is the luckiest cookie  love 
wants to give everyone a hug  smile 
different = amazing tonight!
has so many incredible people in her life  smile 
multiple rounds of werewolf and junk food galore? yes please  smile 
has decided that she's sick of hauling her laptop everywhere and she needs an iphone 4   
the wind is trying to blow my house down!
is so incredibly irritated with wsu internet   
will sleep for a year after this semester is over   
loves her sweetheart so much  love 
"congratulations on a spectacular run to the cast of \five carols for christmas and jingle jacks!\"" so much talent! love you all!"""
can't wait to see a certain handsome fellow tonight  smile 
is nervous to drive to slc today   
noob and stumbleupon with my mom = rad
come on 8 pm    hurry up   
thank you thank you thank you
black friday with my goober!!!
 smile 
life is too short to waste our energy and love on those who don't want it 
loves <propmale> keates to the point of downright ridiculousness  and then some   
"if\ you click ''like'' on my status, i'll tell you: 1  something new i've \learned about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the \color you make me think of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you\ remind me of  5  something i have always wondered about you  6  my \favorite thing about you  7  give you a    nickname you may or may not like  8  ask you to post this little game as your status "
i like pickles! yes i do! i like pickles! how bout you?
aaaaahhhhhhhhhh
got a new phone as an early christmas present from her sweetheart and its wonderful!
"is so proud of and amazed by her lips together, teeth apart cast  smile  they were absolutely wonderful! congratulations to all who performed in the directing scenes today  you all rocked!"
"only one more week   one long, stressful week   "
just breathe
sister <propfemale> s  dixon's holiday extravaganza is tomorrow at weber state university! its going to be a terrifically fun night so get your tickets!
"could use a warm fire place, hot chocolate and a cozy blanket right about now"
is finally going to see <propmale> potter!
is hungry   
can't wait for christmas!
contemplating the idea of happily ever after
"hold on tightly, let go lightly"
just keep breathing
is in limbo
"dear <propfemale>, read more  love, your intellect "
everything we know is stardust
can't seem to find a word that describes how she's feeling   
black swan   huh   
my presents are finally wrapped and under the tree!!!  smile 
"can't live with the gym, can't live without it"
you're such a gas when you bring up the past
oh blissful laziness  smile 
over $900 worth of beautiful clothing from jcrew for only $344 = 3 very happy west women
the bluebird of happiness cannot be caged
ra ra shishcoomba
<propfemale> christmas one and all!  smile 
hope everyone had a lovely christmas!  smile 
the beginning of wisdom is to <propfemale> it 
i love <propmale> huston 
"someday i'll fly, someday i'll soar"
wants another tattoo   or two    pretty bad    
i think i think too much about things that are dangerous to think too much about   
"in the heights, you comfort my soul in this snow  smile "
rewatching lost with my love!
goodbye dear christmas break   hello psycho spring semester!
is so incredibly happy to be working with her under construction cast again  smile 
gets to see her sweetheart tonight!!!  laugh 
cause i've gone through brimstone and i've been through the fire
just signed up for an audition time for rent!
so much to do!
"under construction is back in business this thursday, friday and saturday at weber state! if you didn't get to see this awesome show the first time around, here's your <propmale>! see you there!"
loves horoscopes a little too much
sometimes i'm retarded and do retarded things   
"dear health gods, please please please smile upon me soon"
"alright, today's the day  i've downed licorice root syrup, <propfemale> leaf, sinupret, vinegar, cayenne pepper and gargled salt water   bring it on "
"got a callback! come on health gods, i need you on my side! hurray!"
did my best at callbacks today  now all that's left is to wait  and hope 
the waiting game
"fingers crossed, very very crossed"
"you win some, you lose some  c'est la vie "
just had a really long <propfemale> the shell moment with <propfemale> and it was fantastic!
for some reason my phone is boycotting me and refusing to send any of my texts   
so much to learn  smile 
don't worry about a thing cause every little thing is gonna be alright
"\don't be stressed <propfemale> west \"" - connor padilla  smile """
sleepy sleepy sleepy   
anything goes opens tomorrow! get your tickets and come have a blast!
"dear cold, you are not welcome so please vacate my nose and throat  thank you  love, <propfemale>"
could use a long nap  playful 
has such wonderful people in her life  smile 
anything goes is over now  sad  but under construction goes to la on tuesday!
fergie is famous   why?
you feel so good you make me stutter
"that's it  come summer, i'm re-gauging my ears  i miss it "
la here we come!
kinda really loves la
first show in actf went awesome!!! round two at five!  smile 
don't want to leave la   
thanks horoscope
back at school   boo!
spread the love today  love 
"my, oh my, how my blood boils its sweetest for you  strips me down bare and gets me into my favorite mood "
"dear brain, stop being so scattered and focus on this homework!"
needs book recommendations for her new kindle!
"today started off with stress, confusion and a little dose of panic, but after some internal therapy, problem solving, gym time and good music i'm right as rain  it's amazing how a good song can make you feel like a million bucks "
loves the sound of birds chirping in the morning  smile 
is surprisingly irritable for 11 smile 4 at night   i blame it on the fucking snow   
positation + <propfemale>  smile 
needs something that she can't seem to articulate
"seriosly laptop? of all times to start freaking out, you choose the most homework heavy week of my life?"
<propfemale>
thank god for the gym
doing my hodge analysis on a friday night  i'm cool 
awesome last hip hop class + been looking forward to tonight all week  smile 
dreamcatcher   weird fuckin movie   
"last night was adorable, romantic, sexy and very much needed  smile "
oh stress   please leave me alone today
"well, its been a productive sunday  made a dent in my mountain of homework and i still have all day tomorrow to work  time to relax and watch a movie with my goober "
is smiling from the inside out
mexico here i come!!!
"oh sunshine, wonderful sunshine!"
workin on <propfemale> tan  wink 
earth is beautiful
i am not looking forward to utah after all this marvelous sun and humidity
just about done with my hodge + one more full day in mexico =  laugh 
one last night in mexico  sad 
home  smile 
i love <propmale> keates  love 
how is it that i'm absolutely exhausted after spending a week in mexico?
"back into the swing of things  in a strange way, its good to see you again snow  can't wait for directing callbacks today  stoked that tomorrow is friday  my brain is full, my coffee cup is too and my heart is happy  i love life "
watching weeds and working on a fabulously frustrated paper
yay friday!
"dear stomach, there's no need to be dramatic  suck it up and stop hurting "
they're all dropping like flies! like flies i tell ya!
is so in love with her kindle   oh and her boyfriend!  smile 
"my, oh my, how my blood boils its sweetest for you  strips me down bare and gets me into my favorite mood "
time to start going to the gym regularly again   
life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think 
"rain rain go away, don't come back until i say"
"dear god, watching the food network is making me so hungry!"
loves witnessing special moments by accident
"in these bodies we will live, in these bodies we will die  where you invest your love, you invest your life "
just bought <propfemale>'s new album  love 
can't wait to work on her song for w4mt with <propfemale> this morning!
everyone send your love to japan
watching the proposal  smile 
and now i'm watching 500 days of summer  smile 
going to see the closing night of the lion in winter with my sweetheart!
nothing in life has any business being perfect 
the best things in life are free  love 
waaaaaa?!?!
just finished writing the 1st draft of my 1st musical theater song  smile  i'm bursting with happiness  smile 
i don't know   something amazing i guess   
so in love with grey's anatomy!
well that bites
damn damn damn damn damn!
i love my life and everyone in it
has got nothing to lose  wink 
auditions callbacks at hale tonight were great and surprisingly short! wooo! thanks for the fun time applebees crew  wink 
"thank you <propmale> maughan, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and marza warsinske for a hilarious and inspiring night  smile  i love you all "
happy happy happy cause i get to sing and dance my ass off this summer  smile 
sorta almost done with today!
blah
"oh my god, <propfirst> is hilarious  everyone go see it  smile "
hello peace
