11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253
"if you change your mind i'm the first in line <propfemale> , i'm still free take a <propmale> on me if you need me let me know gonna be around if you've got no place to go when you're feeling down if you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown <propfemale>, i'm still free take a <propmale> on me gonna do my very best and it ain't no lie if you put me to the test if you let me try take a <propmale> on me"
"don't go wasting your emotion, lay all your love on me  it was like shooting a sitting duck a little small talk, a smile and baby i was stuck i still don't know what you've done with me i shouldn't have fallen so easily"
"i am back in va!! tiff, guthrie, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, whoever else   cant wait to <propfemale>!  smile "
ugh   just went to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned and they found a small cavity (my first cavity)      i hate the dentist
"guitar lessons went well, i washed somebody's hair today   and blowdried it, bought a new sansa mp3, a t-shirt and a bathing suit   all in all, an eventful day"
"oh <propfemale> gosh <propfirst> your hilarious, i love you so much!!  laugh "
please don't mind what i'm trying to say cuz     i'm   i'm being honest when i tell you that you're part of the reason i'm so set on the rest of my life being a part of you
"white <propfemale> petals, when one opens then two  the memories of that day become colored  when one falls, then two  the love of the two become eternal "
leaving for a week   wisconsin then chicago   so yeh  see ya laters
oh mah gee they has computers @ the hotel place im at o o
"everytime i talk to you   i feel like nothing could go wrong   and when something does go wrong   i brush it aside and say \no big deal\"" when usually i would get a little upset about it  thank you so much for making me laugh every single day  smile """
"in the mirror what do you see? could it be you or could it be me? starry eyed and head over heals, i think im too deep in to get back out  i'll just float to the suface and enjoy the feeling, who said i had to live on land?"
its amazing how you can get several hugs from several people   but only one hug from one person can really make you smile and make you feel like your going to be okay- thanks you guthrie  love 
its amazing how you can get several hugs from several people   but only one hug from one person can really make you smile and make you feel like your going to be okay- thank you guthrie ?
i miss you already  annoyed 
i'll see you on monday!  love 
"say what you say, do what you do, i will always love you  smile   love "
rawr  love 
"is it possible for your heart to burst from too much happiness? if so, im pretty darn close"
"your simply amazing, everyday i find more reasons to love you more than i already do, which is nearly impossible   smile "
"before i fall asleep at night, i think of the warmth of your <propfemale> brown eyes, the way they can make me smile when im feeling down  i think of your emrace and the way it makes me feel safe and loved  i think about your smile, and how it shows me you love"
i love the world  yay!
theres not a single day that goes by that i dont think of you  smile 
he's coming home today! excited? hell yeah
"i was born, to tell you \i love you\""- secondhand serenade"""
"your touch still manages to make my heart race, how is that?  wink  your unlike any other babe, i love you  love "
"tell him, tell him that the sun and <propfemale> rise in his eyes  reach out to him  whisper tender words so soft and sweet  i'll hold him close to feel his heartbeat  love "
you know you have a good boyfriend when he insists the birds at <propmale> and <propfirst>'s are devious little clever animals and proceeds to <propmale> them  ahh   i love that man  laugh 
"\welcome to another episode of inuyasha\"" (cue overly happy japanese music thats slightly off tune)"""
i love the fact that every boy ive ever been with completely and utterly fails in comparison to my sweet love that i have now- i love you baby  love 
i has a strawberry poptart  laugh 
erin: don't worry you'll see me tomorrow guthrie: oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
paramount theater with guthrie  laugh 
"my beautiful beautiful guthrie, when will you learn that my heart is yours for as long as you'll have it? i love you so much, more than you'll ever know   wink "
sweeney <propmale> and all time low cd's= hours of musical bliss  laugh 
"oh my god i    words can't e playful ress how much love i have for you at this very moment  i feel my heart may burst with the strain and as tears of joy fall down my face i smile  you are my one, my only, my love "
the kid who played <propfirst> in the movie version of sweeney <propmale> beautiful voice!  laugh 
granpa: looks like the closer isnt closing her case tonight erin: but   but she's the closer she has to close it   right? granpa: well you know what we call the closer? erin: what? granpa: zipper erin: closer zipper? hahahahahhahaa
"\don't call the doctors i don't need no medication i just need one more vacation and make it last\""- all time low"""
1 month baby  wink  i love you  love 
"oh how you distract me so, confound it all, i love it though  wink "
back and forth we sway like branches in a storm  change of weather still together when it ends- maroon 5  love 
thank you <propfemale> my dear for giving me a giant scratch on my arm t t hahahah ily though  love 
"sits under a tree in the moonlit night, singing with the crickets and their cheerful midnight <propfemale>"
"can sing \once upon a december\"" pretty damn well if she does say so herself  there was a point where she felt like she was <propfemale> o o"""
"likes being carried  joyful  (only by guthrie, this does not give any of the rest of you carrying privleges)"
maybe if i close my eyes and burry my face deep enough in your shirt   i won't miss you as badly
"official durham school of the arts freshman, (squeals)"
"basically, i went away for the summer, fell in love and everything changed  it's the oldest in the world, and yet i never tire of my version of it- <propfemale> dessen"
"oh look, <propfirst> got another hole punched in her ear o o"
"if i were any sadder, i would be forced to take medicine for depression"
"okay i think i'm going to (starts crying) oh, yeah   i was right"
"well, fuck a duck "
"why do i feel so helpless!!! god damnit! (punches pillow) angst, angst, angst    "
oh dear god why
"erin: no! you can't do that!  mom and grama: yes he can  erin: no, he can't! mom and grama and gramps look at me wierd  erin: i'm emotional its not my fault!!"
you know you're screwed when your mom tries to cheer you up by showing you baby-albums of yourself
what do you do to solve your life's problems? display it the other way  laugh - guthrie  wink 
"tattoos and a switch-blade attitude, snake-bite heart with a bubble-gum smile"
"no one else could ever mean half, as much, to me as you do now, together we'll move on just don't turn around, let the walls break down "
"i'm cold, so cold  i need you here by my side, why is your skin, your touch   so far from me?"
"i need you and you're not there, now how is that fair? (it isn't)"
"to perform is to be vulnerable, to perform, is to be e playful osed "
i need   i need   a hug    right now
do guys have like    a radar that tells them when a girl becomes single?! i have never been hit on so much in my life   good gracious guys give me a <propmale> to keep up!
indeed is the word of the day
i'm gonna go watch disney movies with my best friend now > laugh  you know you guys are jealous
"i am officially a ball of confusing bullshit  don't ask me why i'm single again, i'm not going to e playful lain it  i thought i was ready for another relationship  i'm not  i should have known but i learned my lesson didnt i? please feel free to leave me alone"
i command all of you go to mylifeisaverage com because it's the shit  do it 
everybody knows theres a party at the end of the world
i'm going to south america    it's like america   but south
<propfirst> bottcelli you have captured my heart once again
"i want to cry, but it seems i am incapable of it  i think i've dried up my tearducts "
"sing me to sleep  i'll see you in my dreams, waiting to hear you say \i miss you i'm so sorry\"""""
some how you have managed to get under my skin more than anyone ever did and if every hole makes a scar and every scar marks its place then i will never live freely without your trace
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed ra4q7qdngo
some how you have managed to get under my skin more than anyone ever did and if every hole makes a scar and every scar marks its place then i will never live freely without your trace
"sit in the light to make the dark a little darker and i dance to move only you and i fight to kiss and make up  i scream for some silence  i laugh to laugh for once, not there so you notice i'm gone and i breathe cuz its neccessary and i sigh when i see the <propfemale>  i dream to make sleep less boring   until there was you and i feel in the absence of heart and i plug my eyes to cry "
"mine is an unchanging love, higher than the heights above  deeper than the depths beneath  free and faithful, strong as death- <propfirst> cowper \lovest thou me?\"""""
"happy jesus day you guys, hope the fat guy with the red suit gave you lots of goodies  laugh "
"oh my bananas, yeah thats right, i said it"
"i love how i have two computer set up directly next to eachother, one for working on my book, the other for interwebs  and i'm using both of them when my grandpa comes down   and i'm thinking  crap he's gonna say something and all he does is look  then smirk, telling me to tell him when i'm done so he can get on  lol"
"firefly, can i have a light? it's so dark out here  my shadow looked me in the eye, like i was standing in the mirror"
"oh lady gaga, what are you trying to do to our children's minds?"
"some days, i can hardly breathe, i wonder if you're thinking of me  a favorite corner to my room i sit waiting patiently for you too see what we could be, to call    just write  give me some sort of sign!"
45 friends online and the one i want to talk to the most isn't on   wtf
*nom nom nom* that children    is a nom nom raptor
i didn't just run up the stairs and then fall flat on my face  nope   nuh uh 
"i think i lost myself in your deep blue eyes, and it's true, you're electric i can't get over it "
"okay kids  i'm leaving for durham around 9ish in the morning  sooo   in otherwords you won't see me on facebook until next time i come to grandparents house, in all likelyhood  wink  bye c'ville  it was chill "
"wants to be appreciated by somebody other than her best friend, too much to ask?"
mmmm    i want a muffin and some coffee   the coffee shop is right next door     mmmmmmmmm      too much effort 
"when we hear hearts break we'll say, hey they're playin our song- ha, x3"
"i wish could say i don't want you anymore  that i want nothing to do with you  i dispise you  but of course, i would be lying "
holy f***aflower     the singe from we the kings got beat with the ugly stick
"i'm sorry guys, facebook hates me, with a passion  chatting isn't working very well for me   :[ inbox me please?"
muse says that glaciers are melting in the dead of night    and something about a superstar being sent into a supermassive black hole   o o i'm frightened
bella: ooh edward    you're so dreamy edward: dur dur!!! duurrrrrrr     dur  bella: *sigh* i love you twilight: the real story
"look in my eyes, what do you see? not just the color, look inside of me  tell me all, you need, and i will try  i'm gonna love you more than anyone "
"<propfirst>'s night was just made, by a simple comment, from one person  wow is she easily satisfied "
lady gaga is a stegasaurous  laugh 
"damnit, why do i have to have damn lisp? ugh    "
"girl: \hey! where do you think you're going with him?\"" gay guy that has straight guy by the hand: \""into a sensual world\"" girl: you're not making any sense! bahahaha x3 i love anime"""
mmmmm   i just took like   a 3 hour nap    joyful 
bazingah    smile 
"okay, well   guess that means i'll wait  however long it takes   i'll wait, and be there when you need me "
"you know what? <propmale> degraw, i love you  come here right now so i can give you the warmest, bigges, best hug you will ever recieve  you're voice melts my heart, and it will continue to do so even when i'm an ancient old woman with my granchildren pestering me  you go with your sexy, rough, scratch-style voice "
"what good is a life, with no one to share the light of the <propfemale>, the honor of a swear? still we've got our hearts on a stage  someday when you're lonely, somwhere left in emptiness, you'll always have my kiss "
"\i wake up in the morning brush my teeth with a bottle of jack\"" is this what we're teaching our children now? brushing our teeth with alcohol? interesting """
what am i supposed to say when i'm all choked up and you're okay   
"working on re-publishing my book, <propfemale> is helping  laugh   go best friends"
"white americans, what, you got nothin better to do? why don't you kick yourself out you're an immagrant too  who's usin who what should we do? well you can't be a pimp and a prostititute too "
sigh  why do guys have to suck so much? is it impossible to actually be   i dont know   not stupid for more than a day? guess not 
"it kicks so hard, breaks your bones and it tears your skin and makes your blood flooooowwww  it's better that you know, that love is hard "
"\i have a fine bootay ill have you know\""- @<propmale> plesser"""
"kickin' it with <propmale> plesser and <propfemale> etoliedelamar lacosse tomorrow at palace pointe  we be bowlin' yo  no, no   not trollin', bowlin'  7 surprise 0 tomorrow, come stalk us  laugh "
"<propfemale> so my brother is now single, which is sucky because his gf and him had a long relationship and i thought it looked good  and half my friends now are in a relationship    wtf  did i miss something? did everybody take a trip to the relationship store and forget to ask me to tag along? damn it all you guys  stop forgetting me "
<propfirst> goes out with an austrailian  jelous? you should be x3
"jump jump jump like a kangaroo  listen to the sound of the digeredoo, and go down under to the land of the boomerang  bang bang boomerang, bang bang boomerang    "
well that just sucks  -takes a deep breath- fine  guess i knew that would happen 
"so many things i could have said, but i'll leave it at, you amaze me   love "
"picking up the pieces, of the mess you went and left  and i'm beaten with dilemas, in my now so stressful life  i've made my home here on the floor  well i'm goin' all out  i'd thought i'd lost all ambition, and goals  no sleepin at night, why can't we just rewind? now i'm thinking, he's just as bad  love "
"yeah, that was pretty much it  i'm done with it  too much drama, no real friendship  oh well "
"drove by a house on the bus today, they had the back half of a pick-up in their backyard    and it was full of sticks branches  you go mystery redneck  you go "
damn am i in a good mood  i haven't felt this good in a long time 
"let it be known   all i want is you, and i'm learning to show it "
"happy happy happy, just might do the happy dance  laugh "
i dance to move only you    i dream to make sleep less boring   until there was you  i'm a hopeless romantic and i can't kick the habit 
damnit what now  just when i think my stress is going to end for a while 
"hit myself in the face with a laptop, my nose more specifically  only me  laugh "
-rubs eyes-     i    i    he better love me  laugh 
"if luck is on my side tonight, my clumsy tongue will make it right  and risk the touch, it isn't much but it's enough  to form imaginary lines, forget your scars i'll forget mine  the hours change so fast, oh god, please make it last  so i'll sing, a <propfemale>, and hope to god he's listening, sleeping softly while i sing and i'll, be you're memories, the lullaby for all the times, hoping that my voice could get it right"
lazy summer? i'm ready for you 
"oh, by the way, for those who live in c-ville  i'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaack "
how do you get songs from one ipod to another? i'm going to scream if i don't find out soon    
"i should be locked up  it needs to be done, because i have hurt    waaaaaaaaaay too many people "
"the opposite of war isn't peace, it's creation"
"\no its just   you look familiar   \""\",11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253,mutherfklajdflkajdfldkfjaldkfj i hate being sick  i can't practice my song and i still resemble a bull frog when i talk  awesome 
"<propfemale> went flying across the room  her body crashed roughly into a body-length mirror, scattering shards of glass all over the room  i whipped my head around, staring at <propmale> in horror  \his features began to alter; his pale skin was sprouting fine, charcoal colored fur  his eyes were pure silver, \he almost looked as if he were blind, but i knew better  those eyes belonged to a killer "
omfg <propfirst> bought short shorts   surprise 
"joey: \what does he have that i don't have? besides the fan girls   and the pretty hair   and those   gorgeous green eyes \""\",11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253,i've got some baubles i could sell for money   and a pair of fresh-shaved legs 
doctor today  i'm 5'2 finally   ftw   laugh 
<propfemale>'s to <propfemale>   <propfemale>'s to <propfemale>  mr hartwell was right afterall   laugh 
"there's a heart on the line, and it rests with your eyes\please don't fade and please don't cry, 'cause it's all white lies\take a <propmale> watch it fall, grab too much and lose it all\now i've lost my disguise, it was all white lies \stay here, lie here with me, lonely sighs\i will roam, lost but never alone, hide with me, hide "
"remember when we started this, and you made the shape of your heart with your hands?"
yah da-dee da da  ya da da da  ya da da da     da     
learning northern downpour on guitar  fun fun 
"<propfemale> do something crazy! \\   but i can't do a flip!\"""""
"what is this feeling? fervid as a flame   does it have a name? oh, oh that's just my tapeworm "
<propfirst> can not dance  nor can she sing or act  wee!
gimme gimme gimme a man after midnight  won't somebody help me <propmale> the shadows away?
and all the girlies say i'm pretty fly for a white guy
oh baby baby run and tell that!
power is finally back on  i'm sorry for all of those who thought i died  i did not  just lost power for almost 3 days   annoyed 
"out of curiosity, i bought the new american idiot broadway version   it's actually not bad  i might like it better than the origional    oh snap  i went there "
"the trouble with love is   it can tear you up inside  make your heart believe a lie, it's stronger than your pride  it doesn't care how hard you fall, and you can't refuse the call  no you have no say at all "
"why did i do that? why did i do that  i'm an idiot, i will never learn  not only did i contact him, i tried it twice  and then i re-read an old conversation  once again, why did i do that!?"
"leave it to me to remember who your eally are, inside "
next person who walks by i'm gonna ask how to say the word fenimine   fema   fena  femina   i can't say it!
is playing pokemon mystery dungeon red rescue team  and feels pretty damn badass 
"she's a rebel, she's a saint, and she's dangerous  she's riding her bike like a fugative of critical mass  she's a rebel, vigalante  she's the one they all call what'shername and she's pulling on my heart like a hand grenade "
"i don't care what happens, what you say, or how much you hurt me  i will always be there when you think you don't need me, and when you finally admit you do "
does anybody know how to get music from windows media to itunes?  laugh  i'll love you forever   !  love 
"\high five! can you reach that high?\""\",11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253,"for those of you at camp this week, i'm bringing in a few pages of my newest book i'm writing so you can get an idea of my writing style  playful "
my id is an itunes card  beast 
i want some cinnamon tacos
live inside the music box ain't easy    the gears are always turnin' and everyone insdie the mechanism is yearning to get out  i sing another <propfemale> completely   so different from the ones they're always singing 
i'm gonna wash that man right outta mah hair!
"you're not even worth the effort i'm putting into trying to fix a friendship that you let die  and i don't know why i even try, why i even bother  when you do nothing but ignore me, then act like it's so fantastic to hear from me when you finally answer  you do not deserve me, you never did  and you sure as hell never will if you keep up what you're doing now "
"can't help how free i feel, oh baby i'm feelin free  i was lost in loves embrace now baby   love's embrace lost me, and damn does it feel good because now i'll find love again in my own time!"
"saw sound of music tonight, and awkwardly yelled \yeah richie\"" when people were done clapping after he came onstage to bow  oh hell yes """
"dancing bears,\painted wings,things i almost remember,and a song someone sings,once upon a december  someone holds me safe and warm  horses prance through a silver storm  figures dancing gracefully, across my memory  far away, long ago, glowing dim as an ember, things my heart used to know,\things it yearns to remember   "
"okay   i really need a cell phone  i keep getting lost and not being able to call my grandparents cause guess what? no cell phone  and then all my friends want to text me, and i could easily get unlimited texting  gah!!!! i need to save up and somehow get a phone that enables me to text and whatnot  i'll pay the monthly fee! -bangs head against the wall-"
sunburn   rah 
mmmm   new books from barnes and <propmale>  love 
"hug me till you hold me, <propfemale> <propfemale>  hug me till you love me, <propfemale> <propfemale> "
"and hey sweetie\well i need you here tonight\and i know that you don't want to be leaving me\yeah you want it but i can't help it\i just feel complete when you're by my side\but i know you can't come home 'til they're singing\\la, la la la la la la"
"and hey sweetie\well i need you here tonight\and i know that you don't want to be leaving me\yeah you want it but i can't help it\i just feel complete when you're by my side\but i know you can't come home 'til they're singing\la, la la la la la la"
kitten   in my back yard   want 
"like a breath of midnight air, like a lighthouse, like a prayer  like the flicker and the flare the sky reveals  like a walk along the shore, you've walked a thousand times before  like the ocean's roar, love heals "
i love when i'm singing a song and i do this super epic amazing move and end up almost knocking something over  i can't help but laugh  laugh 
damn you blue fish!
\now i diiiie for one more daaaay," cause there's something i should have told you   yes there's something i should have told you   when i look into your eyes   *pause* why does distance make us wise?!\""\"11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253,"how could a night so frozen be so scalding hot? how can a morning this mild be so raw? why, our entire year strewn on the cutting room floor of memory? when single frames from one magic night,  forever  flicker in, closeup on the 3d imax of my mind   that's poetic  that's pathetic "
sometimes i wish saving money was as easy in real life as it is in video games    laugh 
"what the hell did i do that for?! you're just another guy    okay youre kinda sexy  but you're not really special   but i won't miiiind if you take me home, c'mon take me home "
"i should have held an after-party   for all the thoughts, i didn't say "
i'll be your doctor   i'll be your cure  i'll be your medicine and more 
"http annoyed  www youtube com oldspice#p u 1 ultiowbf0ke\lol yessss"
"and hey sweetie\well i need you here tonight\and i know that you don't want to be leaving me\yeah you want it but i can't help it\i just feel complete when you're by my side"
"all of you should buy my book  it's good, i swear  worked hard on it and i'd like to get it out into the world so maybe one day i can say, \yeah my first novel was a huge success\"" so publishing companies will want to adopt me  help me out  search: <propfemale> rain at lulu com ask your parents to buy you one   laugh """
 sad  boys
i need out  c'ville friends  help 
"if you change your mind   i'm the first in line   honey i'm still free, take a <propmale> on me!"
listening to rent cd     love  love it to death
"these children learn from ciggarette burns, fast cars, fast women, energy drinks  all these e playful hisiated self-medicated, \take the white pill you'll be alright\"""""
no  5 by hollywood undead   -facepalm- why do i like that song? x3
i got mah kapo back  ftw 
numa numa yay
"i'm the kind of girl you bring to mother, i'm the kind of girl, you kiss in public  my manners leave a lot to be desired, at least i'm not a liar  and i'm not about the subtle inuendo, more likely to throw rocks up, at your window  won't walk on eggshells so you don't hear the crazy things i'm sayin to you  when i'm near you i'd rather disappear than be fakin it, anyway "
"\you're hot i'm going to suck your face off \"" -<propfirst>'s view on what a \""hookup\"" is  <propmale> bogerd"""
<propfemale> so my book got a little bit more e playful ensive   because i formatted it  but it is now normal book size  and looks a lot better hopefully  sorry kiddies  but it's wooorth itt  laugh 
"had a beautiful conversation with <propfirst> merkle today, who is, and it seems always will be, one of my favorite people on this earth, and our friendship has survived through my childhood  smile  also saw <propfirst> the guitar guy today, and his face brightened when he saw me, he said hello first and he asked if i was going to be on the mall friday  guess who i'm seeing friday? uh, yeah "
"i'm sorry to those in durham, but i'm staying in va another week, so i'll be leaving the 2nd week of august  <propfemale>? <propfemale> "
let's start a riot!
"i bought a silver toe ring in the shape of a salamander-gecko-like creature  it's adorable, and i likes it > smile "
"he said here, here and here  he pointed to his heart, mind and ears  here, here and here, he called me to his heart and mine, in tears "
"did you think about, what i said last night, knowin you, you probably didn't  i could see your face on the other side, completely oblivious  did you still feel like our love was for real? i wish i could join you   i'm bored of your love, i'm bored of your face   i'm bored with your random-all over the plaaaace, attitude  i'm bored of you "
this was love to die from   and to die for  i died for you   
"here, here, and here  he pointed to his heart and mind, and ears "
"i'm nothing special   in fact   i'm a bit of a bore  when i tell a joke, you've probably heard it before  but i have a talent, a wonderful thing, cause everyone listens when i start to sing  i'm so grateful and proud    all i want is to sing it out loud!"
"here, here, and here  he pointed to his heart and mind, and ears "
"did you think about, what i said last night, knowin you, you probably didn't  i could see your face on the other side, completely oblivious  did you still feel like our love was for real? i wish i could join you  i'm bored of your love, i'm bored of your face   i'm bored with your random-all over the plaaaace, attitude  i'm bored of you "
so come on move your hips doin wah-ah-ah
"listen and learn, it is time for prancing  so come on move those hips like wah-ah-ah"
"pool with <propfemale> <propmale> , pics up soon  had fun with that even though i got a liil bit red on my face  smile  uhmm    i need to chill with <propmale> spaz karns soon, or i'll cry big fat emo tears of sadness  and, i'm going camping with mar lacosse ohmahgahohmahgah, i miss her so so bad  i dislike camping, but for her   i would do just about anything  wink  my baby knows i love her "
"let's fall in love, again  love, again  where we whoa-oh-oh  so don't let me down   and don't shut me out  no don't let me down!"
"trusting desire   starting to learn  walking through fire   without a burn  clinging a shoulder a leap begins    stinging and older, asleep on pins  so here we go    now we, oh no   who knows where, who goes there? here goes "
"your eyes   are the color of wanting  my heart heart is the run-away paper  our hands, seducing them to coincide, and there's something   about you  and there's something that you see   we both lay here broken  cause we both know   what this could be  could this be? oh, dare i say it? now, this could be   "
"dinosaur earrings  smile  my grama picks them up and is like, \aren't these for children?\"" haha"""
singing showtunes at the top of my lungs  cause i'm awesome like that 
"you have no power over me, anymore  that's right  you no longer rule my every thought  your opinion, or how you feel, no longer matters  i win "
"okay, facebook-onians  i will not be on facebook from monday to friday and most likely the weekend too  i'm going camping with mar and then to the beach "
"your eyes   are the color of wanting  my heart is the run-away paper  our hands, seducing them to coincide, and there's something   about you  and there's something that you see   we both lay here broken  cause we both know   what this could be  could this be? oh, dare i say it? now, this could be   "
"get up get up! sing it like you're screaming at me! get up get up, make my heartbeat pickup  get up get up! b-b-b-beating to the rhythm!"
"i love how every single one of my friends in c'ville is married to one another  i'm currently married to   1,2,3 4 people? yeah"
"dear <propfirst>, i'm a demon baby, with worms  and i am sooo offended!"
"-weeps dramatically-  i  hate my phone! aaargh  i call the number to fill it up with more money   it says i'm wrong, the pin number won't work  i try to call again  \i'm sorry this number is unavailable \"" f**k you phone  -dies from lack of sleep and frustration-"""
"yeah, incase you haven't seen <propfirst> lacosse and mar lacosse 's statuses, we're all going camping for almost a week  so   talk to me now before i go "
"all boys should have a \spanish mode\"" like buzz lightyear from toy story 3  just sayin'   laugh """
back but not entirely  leaving tmorrow at 6am for va beach  i'll be there till sunday evening  word 
i got my snakebites  yes 
"lol if anybody knows the song \jai ho\"" from the slumdog millionaire  my uncle and i were listening to it and he suddenly started singing \""giant ho\"" i will never look at the song the same way  laugh """
why does the world want me to like guys that don't live near me? is this my curse?
"i don't think the secret life of the american teenager could get any more cliche and absolutely ridiculous  this girl is pregnant with somebody elses boyfriend's baby, and he's dating another girl at the same time and also trying to get this other girl he dated to forgive him and take him back and then this guy is kissing the mother of his child's sister   and oh no i've gone cross-eye    "
"this is how it works: you're young until you're not  you love until you don't  you try until you can't  you laugh until you cry  you cry until you laugh  and everyone must breath, until their dying breath  you take the things you love, and try to love the things you take  and you take that love you made, and stick into someone elses heart, pumpin someone elses blood  walkin arm in arm you hope it don't get harmed "
i adore that giggle gerrard does at the end of you know what they do to guys like us in prison 
"white ameicans, what got nothin better to do? why don't you kick yourself out, you're an immigrant too  who's usin who, what should we do? well you can't be a pimp and a prostitute too "
"i wanted to kiss you goodnight \no longer can pretend, it won't cave in and will be alright \i wanted to save this last light \with <propfemale> comes certainty of what we'll be, for now hold me lightly "
step into the movie you can be my leading man  break in through the silence so your heart can understand  step into my movie we can walk along the sand  let me stand beside you put your life into my hands 
c'ville kids  downtown friday  who's going?
"mommy's at the game stop, the game stop  i love you, mwah mwah mwah mwah "
c'ville kids  get your asses downtown and come see me!  laugh 
kellen <propfemale> valenzi breitenbach <propfirst> elam <propfemale> ames <propfirst> newman guthrie brown and <propmale> spiderginge karns rent party is going to be on either the 11th or 12th  decide amonst yourselves 
"i need to learn my lesson soon  guys thought process is so very different from ours   even the romantic ones  i need to learn not to get my hopes up and open my heart up so soon  you would think i would know this by now, but i guess the heart of a lover is just stubborn like that "
"the heart may freeze, or it can burn  give in to love, or live in fear   love "
"if you combine the songs: realize-colbie caillat, eyes on you- automatic loveletter, the name of the game- mamma mia soundtrack, and another day- rent broadway cast  you have just about how i feel right now "
ow  ow  motherfking ow 
"brigadoon was fantastic! i almost cried when <propmale> died   love  it was just overall a lovely play, hell i wish i lived in brigadoon!"
"not only did i just buy the brigadoon (showtunes) album, i bought kanon wakeshima's album  she's japanese and plays the cello in her pop songs  singing in japanese   i am proud yet feel quite nerdy "
"these lips might sink ships but these kisses take trips  to you  and if you wanna burn yourself, if you wanna cut yourself, call me up before you're dead, we'll make some super fun plans instead, just remember that i love you "
loves how pretty much all the people coming to her house wednesday have it as their status  whut up 
bailar bailar!
theastaigh uaim póg goodnight duit   annoyed   love 
"got rejected today  <propfirst> the guitar boy wouldn't give me a hug  that, and when i called somebody i think they answered then <propmale> up  humble pie anyone?"
"ghetto phone   i-i-it's da ghetto phone  \this should be my ringtone"
everybody go to my videos and listen to seven foot shawty by <propfirst> lacosse  best song evar!!! trust me you'll love it
is so insanely excited to sing in <propfirst>'s song  can't contain this static passion   playful 
"firefly can i have a light? it's so dark out here   my shadow looked me in the eye, like i was staring in the mirror   feels so good to disappear, in the middle of nowhere  if you're going there, look for me along the way "
"-everyone drinks from the same dr pepper bottle- \erin: now we all have aids\jonathan: now we can have a real rent!  laugh "
"me: so does that mean you had kids? because i'm your mom remember\cleverbot: no, can't say that i have  do you drink booze?\me: that's a rude thing to ask your mother\cleverbot: well are you really a unicorn then?"
"and in the sea there is a fish, a fish that has a secret wish, a wish to be a big cactus with a pink flower on it  and the flower would be its offering of love, to the desert  and the desert, so dry and lonely, that the critter all appreciate the effort  but don't you understand, a hug would be nice  but hug my flower with your eyes "
leaving sunday  bye c'ville  see you in december 
"so i took all night to write this stupid love letter to you  to you, yeah you, from me, to you  pick your heart up off the floor  good intentions at the door  you said no "
\but when lassies sit an' have no men,\11f2460df8b52f3b2d096531cd84e253,i talk to so many of you  a few i enjoy speaking to  some i would rather dip myself in a pool of scorpions than talk to  but there is only one i would do anything to talk to  and he wants nothing to do with me  isn't it ironic?
"like this?\and this\-looks at the other-\aren't we obnoxious?\thing one\thing two\you've set yourself up now "
"we are just lovers in space, searching for our saving grace "
to anyone who is trying to text me at the moment  my  mom hasn't bought me unlimited minutes yet   so i currently have no minutes therefore no ability to text    until then  so you have my apologies  but oh well 
"have not been this close to cussing out somebody in a long while  i need some serious love    those of you who know me   know how much you have to push me to get me mad   and not only am i mad   i'm sad  in other words   help  hoedown, i need you  (he knows who he is)"
"i look like a moose!\yes   but a very cute moose   make all the boy moose go mwaaaaaaah "
"i'm filled with the feeling, as i sit here listening to music that reminds me of you, i'm filled with a deep feeling of loss  i still feel your touch, the warmth of your hand in mine, your hands on my skin in the firelight  could i love you? i suppose i could  it's so hard for me to say, i fear to tell you, i fear you would not love me back  sometimes i wish my heart didn't bleed on my sleeve so obviously for you "
"i want you more and more with each passing night  do you want me too? i honestly hope you do   because this heart is beating for you  goodnight love, oh how right it feels to call you that  if only i could touch you   my lips meeting yours  i dream of it  someday, i'll make it come true "
my eyes are extremely green today  i like it > smile 
<propmale> brought me twilight princess     to use as long as i need   did i mention how much i adore that kid? because i do
"hit me out of nowhere like a car crash on the street    suddenly colliding into me  now i'm bruised, tangled in my sheets  how can this feel so bad when you looked so good for me? oh my god what's wrong with my head? i'm sweating with the chills, still in my bed  it's the short hello's and the long goodbye's  the shake in my lip from the look in your eyes  i've got the worst <propfemale> over from you "
i'm just some girl that lives in another state  don't mind me and my want for you  don't mind the fact that i care more about you than i should  just pretend i'm not really there  i'm not worth your time 
sparks the rescue and you me at six are my new favorite bands 
i smell like fire  i feel complete 
"everyone feels broken sometimes  just wait your turn, and always try to learn, to love the ones that don't show love in return  we all just need some color in our, black and white worlds "
it's amazing how i can feel so justified in something    and think i'm right  then my dad calmly e playful lains how i'm wrong   and i get it  i feel bad for a while   but atleast know i get that i'm in the wrong  now i can grow and stop doing things i thought i was right in doing  i love you so much daddy     love 
i love when my man comes over and works in the yard then we watch a movie a nearly fall asleep   laugh  for two days on top of that  you the man baby  wink 
"i made cookies for the first time today, and burned myself doing it  but they are delicious damnit "
"if i'm a goodie two-shoes, what does that make you, baddie one-shoe?"
"i'm so very excited  i just found out i made rent ensemble, so i'm worried as well, but excited  yeah"
"i'm freezing, listening to <propmale> burnham, and still thinking about how fking adorable tangled was  all in all, a day well spent "
"i've been rockin the mic since before elec-tric-ity, way back in 1000 bce, that's before the common <propfemale>-<propfemale>-<propfemale>-<propfemale>  <propfemale> <propfemale>?"
now i have oh <propmale> stuck in my head 
baby i miss you sooo baad  why does it get worse at night   v v
"i'm not giving up, i'm just starting over  you're the one i love, i can be with you, when you want me to  i fell off track, i've been to love and back"
just sang once upon a december  still gives me chills 
when life gives you lemons    you probably just found lemons 
"jacob: but in the end, it comes down to the person's will to pull themselves out of a pit  oh yes  no question  it's all about will  i've had people i've done literally everything i could possibly think for  but they never made the effort to help themselves  all my coercing doesn't count for anything if they don't really want to change \\thank you <propmale>"
if i might lend a machete   to your intellectual thicket   
"\we are going far away  right now \"" <propfemale> acha"""
who wants to be my geometry tutor?
thank you all for your lovely bday wishes  smile 
i'm thinking of cutting my hair  egdy pixie-cut  thoughts?
i think for st patricks day  i'm gonna blast my ipod with <propfemale> folk tunes and sing them all the way down the hall  yeah  good idea 
you said that you would die for me    you must live for me too 
"it was a misunderstanding you guys  i mad a big mistake and listened to a rumor when i should have heard him out first  if you're gonna get mad, get mad at me and my retarded emotions  everything is okay, we're working it out  he didn't do what i thought he did  <propfemale>? he  did  not "
"i don't know how you feel about me, but it's sure as hell worth a try "
