9dc6eedec039edf1d41608e47ef94979
is preparing to return to work tomorrow!  such is life!
is so excited that pineapple crush has made its great comeback!  i have dreamed about the sugary soda since the 1980s!!!
is thankful the holiday weekend is here!
wishes everyone a happy 4th!
misses cd maxi-singles 
needs to buy a $250 blu-ray player for work   any recommendations?
"loves the woman who thought his \mph\"" requires him to measures things in <propmale> per hour!"""
is working the evening shift at sinai!
is fighting the urge to get a belgian waffle and steak fries at tick tock diner 
cannot wait for his dining room wall to be fully painted!
strongly suspects <propmale> chicken is no longer in business   he is craving their potato wedges 
hates running around in a suit on a humid day!
is not impressed with the pasta at pizza hut!
requests your prayers as he tries to nuture a bamboo plant!  he randomly received it in the mail 
"is exhausted after 2 5 hours of tap dancing, yet he is facebooking!"
digs pandora radio!
is looking for a good marriage counselor for his friend   any recommendations?
"is not only looking for a good marriage counselor for a friend, but he is looking for a flat screen tv security lock (to ensure the tv is not stolen) for another friend  feedback is always appreciated!"
"was trapped in an elevator for 10 minutes!  it was hot, but it was a comical e playful erience!"
powerwalked around the park this evening!  what a rush!
encountered power walking preachers during his power walk last night!  they were getting their religious groove on!
had his hair mowed after 2 5 months!  it's about time!
"is going to the us open courtesy of boom boom and paras!  would you believe this is his first live, professional sporting event?"
"is finally home after an adventurous afternoon at the us open!  despite some good moments by <propfirst>, robredo still won the match!   tomlee ended his day with an overpriced jumbo tennis ball and a greater appreciation for the sport   he thanks boom boom and paras for the treat and thanks bam bam for the inside scoop!"
tried to broil a steak in his oven   guess what?  it caught on fire!  he was forced to use his fire extinguisher and has dry chemical residue in every nook and cranny of the oven!  he will attempt to use the self cleaning feature after he takes a shower   he guesses he is not meant to cook   ever!
mourns the passing of <propfirst> swayze   the world loses another talented actor dancer -- may he r i p 
will be working his weekend away!  ugh!
woke up from 14 hours of sleep!  he needed it!
is waiting for aaa!  his car is dead in the garage!  ugh!
used one of his spastic karate kicks to hold a subway car door open for an elderly woman   the other riders were impressed and wanted a lesson   lol 
if off to ac for the day!  he's feeling lucky!
suddenly woke up to the loud sound of the fire department's parade down the main road   he is not sure why they are parading 
enjoyed his peruvian dining e playful erience at pio pio!
"had a great time discussing the value of the science, technology, and society <propmale> with prospective students at njit's open house!"
has his coupons and shopping list ready for a rousing trip to shoprite!
is satisfied with yet another episode of glee!  ahhhhhhh!
wishes he could routinely sleep past 11 surprise 0 am on a saturday!
busted out the holiday music even though thanksgiving has not passed yet!
"is clenching his teeth   every time he writes a long e-mail to his students on the online blackboard system, the system times out when he hits send and he must rewrite his entire note   ugh!"
enjoyed indian food with his co-workers today!  what a nice way to lead into thanksgiving!   wink 
sends his warmest thanksgiving wishes to one and all!
decided not to rush to the black friday sales   sleep is good!
finally discovered the value of blackberry messenger!  it took him long enough!!
"just submitted his final student <propfemale> payment!  he fully \owns\"" his mph degree as of tomorrow -- ha ha!"""
is unable to preview songs in the itunes store   he double clicks on songs and nothing plays 
loved glee's winter finale!!!
is facing reality   his 13 year old rav4 is a hoopty!
just cracked open a bottle of v  sattui's 2003 gamay rouge!
just downloaded drivesafe ly!
wishes drivers would clean the snow on top of their cars and trucks before driving!  he hates dodging flying chunks of snow!
is diggin' the latest incarnation of facebook!
cannot believe there is a movie about 3 people who are stuck on a ski lift and die!  seriously?
"is not sure why he loves exclamation points so much!!!  seriously!!!  (and by the way, he also hates snow!!!!!)"
wishes his chinese friends a happy new year and wishes everyone a happy <propfirst>'s day!
"just finished helping his dad set up his new computer   dad is happy, but mom thinks dad is an internet addict!"
had a good time!  time for bed!
"is preparing to attend two weddings!  as his bff would say, he is the male equivalent to 27 dresses!"
had a great time in frost valley!  congrats to <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
just finished speed-shopping at lord & <propfirst>!
is still packing for wedding #2 in dr!  who needs sleep!
is killing time in the first class lounge!  (he is also operating on 2 hours of sleep )
"asks, \do you use loopt?\"""""
appreciates broken-in denim jackets on spring days!
loves low sodium wheat thins with a banana!
feels like living in toronto today!  he has no idea why!
raises his glass to <propfirst> forsythe!  may he r i p   (tomlee always wanted to be the <propfirst> of <propfirst>'s angels!)
extends easter greetings to those who celebrate the holiday!  happy easter!
is finally using a brita water pitcher for his h2o needs!
loves the new blackberry software!  creating bbm-like screens for text messages is genius!
"asks, how many more degrees does he need to start billing insurance companies for the therapy he provides to patients?"
is gleefully watching glee!!!
is scarfing down indian food for lunch!  mmmmmm 
is freezing his butt off at yankees stadium!  he's having a good time though!
recommends waterside restaurant in north bergen!  the place is so not the <propfirst>'s of yesteryear!
needs an army of personal assistants!  does anyone need an unpaid internship?  he writes great recommendation letters!
broke out the indian sandals today!  it is about time we had a beautiful day!
wishes his building would turn on the ac already!!
"seriously, does everyone need to jaywalk today?"
is setting up his blu <propfirst> and hd theater players!
just saw mount sinai's annenberg building on an episode of law and order   can i ever escape work?
"the next time i schedule a private tap class in the city,i should remember to cross reference the date to holidays!happy mother's day!"
just had some chicken samosas!  mmmm 
just saw my students graduate!  call me proud papa!
grey's anatomy -- whoa!
anyone know of an awesome bakery in nyc?  my friend said it does not need to specialize in anything and she is willing to travel to any of the boroughs   thank you!
happy father's day!
carnival!!!!!  all day strong!
the nightlife - just what the doctor ordered!
late night bakes are the best bakes!
"laying on a hammock, under palm trees, taking in the ocean breeze, and reading hospital   ahhhh!"
"i finally accomplished my goodwill mission!  i put two people back in touch with each other after many, many, many years!"
last night on the island - partying it away!  woo hoo!
jfk - finally!
i resumed my pre-vacation diet   sigh!
"if you have your nj real estate license and would prefer to be a referral agent, let me know   my wonderful broker at century 21 gold advantage has a new referral company with reasonable terms!"
federal tax refund came in!  thank you the tax shoppe!
tell me -- do i splurge on the ipad 2?
