58fc3ef1eb7c362e8b57b1f518b448ce
is thinking of shopping for shoes     online!  has anyone actually bought shoes online? been happy with the purchase?
just started the day by slapping a mosquito   not the most auspicious start to the day   or maybe it is   i guess it depends on your point of view 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, and the virtual sweets!  it's been a great day, from church at lodi lake to picking apricots warm from the sun "
"is having a hard time keeping track of little things, like my water bottle and sunglasses   especially now that my small person likes to use both of them!"
"is very grateful that dad planted peach trees that ripen at different times   that way, we have peaches half the summer!  yum!"
enjoyed having the <propmale> to see so many friends last night 
"brought watermelon for my parents, and got peaches, grapes, tomatoes and brownies in exchange   i'm hoping for eggplant next week   and i haven't even pulled any weeds this year!"
my reward for staying up this late is to see the <propfemale> setting; tonight it looks like an orange segment
"is looking for quick, family-friendly alternatives to white rice "
"resolves that wednesday will be the day to phone write email the friends she often thinks of, but seldom speaks to "
is chilly here at work!
"is at work, already missing my small sweetheart "
i'm catching up around the house so that i can enjoy the rest of the weekend!
"is thankful for friends, family, and safe travels "
"is thankful for the space heater at the reference desk! the real heat won't come until tomorrow or tuesday, but the computer controlling the hvac thinks it's already here   "
"goodbye summer (i'll miss you   ), and welcome fall! may this new season bring good things to us all "
just got my daily dose of calcium in the form of cheesecake!  i'll balance it out with extra veggies later 
"is thankful for our reading chair   it's great for bedtime stories, makes small people tall enough to see out the window, and is even conducive to sleeping "
"wishes \the witch's catalog\"" (one of my first grade favorites) was real   i could really use a clone and a magic drink faucet right about now """
"is grateful for having a laptop at work   it's allowed me to work outdoors, enjoying the late afternoon sun "
is pondering how to travel to <propmale> on friday   by car? by public transit? a combination of the two?
"i'm trying to remain motivated for the rest of the day, and trying to remember my new outlook: more exercise and fewer sweets!"
i'm looking forward to my in-laws visit this weekend 
giving thanks for my washer and dryer as monday once again becomes laundry day!
"hope everyone had a good thanksgiving, and found at least one thing to be thankful for!"
loves waking up before the alarm goes off   today i woke up early (5:15) for no particular reason 
cannot believe the year is going by so fast!
"thinks her coffee grinder may have gotten wet   instead of grinding coffee beans, it's making a pitiful humming sound   anyone have recommendations?"
today a student actually thanked me for not shushing her study group that had been working near the reference desk   i'm not sure how to take that   do i look like the shushing type?
is remembering to take time today to <propfemale> at the turning of the seasons     and then back to work!
"does anyone get presents on each day of christmas, as in \the twelve days of christmas\""?  i know at least one child who'd like to see the custom revived """
"it's the 12th day of christmas, and i'm just now in the holiday spirit  hopefully the good cheer will stick around, and brighten the post-holiday days "
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer   i pray for the cure of cancer  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you?)"
my dad is in the waiting room at the er   please send prayers good wishes for him and the folks staffing the busy er tonight 
"is hoping her dad is able to rest in the hospital  i used to think hospitals were quiet, but now find that they are often anything but quiet!"
"thanks for all the prayers and good wishes for my dad   he finally has a diagnosis, and can begin treatment   he'll likely be released from the hospital soon!"
"is crossing her fingers that she didn't doesn't get whatever her boy had   so far, i've gotten everything that's not limited to the under-3 crowd, but there's a first time for everything, right?"
"it seems that i must continue to share my son's e playful eriences, especially his illnesses  fun times!"
"is thinking of food   specifically, i'm thinking that salsa should be considered a food, not just a condiment   also, peanut m&ms might possibly be a food group unto themselves "
heading to the hospital to wait while dad has a small surgery   please keep him and the surgical team in your prayers 
"thanks to everyone for all the prayers and well wishes!  as it turns out, dad had a prudent surgeon who decided *not* to operate after all -- a big relief, since his recuperation already promises to be lengthy "
"no matter how much time you have with those you love, it's never quite enough! i'm learning how to say goodbye to my dad   "
"a kind soul has left us!  my dad died sunday, bringing a close to a loving, well-lived life "
"dad's memorial service will be held on saturday 13 feb, 11 surprise 0 am, at calvary lutheran church in <propmale>, ca   the same church where he married my mom!"
with help from my family (and some beautiful <propfemale> weather) i've started to make good on a promise and tend my parents' orchard 
"my boy is refusing to sleep -- \i do not want to sleep   i mad!\"" will a lack of sleep make him an antisocial curmudgeon?"""
"watching ice dancing, i'm reminded that i seldom listen to indian music anymore   time to dig out my recordings!"
"thinks it's neat that the wind is making its presence felt even indoors, as it occasionally interferes with the television picture "
i'm thankful to whoever it was that turned my reading glasses in to the lost & found   nice way to end the work week!
"i had hoped for a quiet tuesday, but it looks like i'll be getting a productive one instead   in the spirit of goldilocks, here's wishing you all a day that's just right!"
"tonight we watched the movie version of the boy in the striped pajamas   i found it haunting, even though the storyline was predictable   oddly, it reminded me of <propfirst> friel's plays dancing at lughnasa and translations "
thinking about preschool   is 2 1 2 too young to start?  why or why not?  what do you think?
"over 23,000 teachers were  given pink slips in california  in honor of all teachers, copy this into  your facebook status  we are willing to post colors of our underwear,  and places we were born  let's honor those who have made an impact in  all of our lives! in the comments name a teacher who has impacted you"
tonight i managed to cut myself with the back of a knife yet again   i love that our gift from auntie <propfemale> is still as sharp as ever 
hopes each of you had a good weekend 
"i took my grocery list with me to my conference today, so i could shop on the way home   unfortunately, i forgot one key ingredient for my mom's cake   so much for trying to be super organized!"
"worldcat org, the website for a worldwide library catalog, appears to be down   i never thought i'd see that happen!"
"around town this morning, i saw a couple people mowing lawn in the rain   would you do that?  i wouldn't, but that's the way i was taught "
"in the last hour, i've assisted folks with chinese history, thesis binding, international treaties, and bomb threats   never a dull moment!"
"looking forward to the weekend, and the <propmale> to visit with friends again "
"missing home already, and i just got here!"
now i feel old! a convenience store owner just pegged my as a librarian and a californian   is it that obvious?
"enjoyed visiting new orleans, but was really happy to come home again  most things are more fun when they're shared with family or friends "
"sometimes the fb advertisements are just odd  like this one, that encouraged me to e playful lore an online degree --  \ma worship studies in ethnomusicology  study \",58fc3ef1eb7c362e8b57b1f518b448ce,"tonight's projects:  restock our refrigerator with veggies, and restore order to the household (at least a significant part) with the help of my vacuumer extraordinaire!"
"naptime is almost over for today, and with it, my computer time   have a good rest of the day!"
welcome summer!  may this season bring good things to each of you 
thanks for all the birthday wishes   they made my day!
"calling it a night, and hoping that the dodgers can hold on to their lead    i hope at least part of the sf-la series will be televised on broadcast tv "
"mozart's magic cube is back in the toy rotation   i'm surprised, but glad that my boy can dance himself silly to \non piu andrai\"" """
tonight's response to unseasonably cool weather?  cupcakes and peach pie 
saw <propfirst> galway play last night   really fun! thanks to <propfemale> pillsbury for making it happen!
"grapes on the vine may be able to survive freezing temps, but evidently not happy california cows in search of a snack "
forget brownies        i just finished baking some pint-sized shoes! now they are dry and ready to meet more puddles tomorrow   smile 
i can't believe that my boy is three already!
"thinking of dad today   it's going to take a few years before i think \football\"" when someone mentions the word \""super bowl\"" """
is saddend to learn that <propfemale> parks has died  she was an inspiring person long before she became ill 
"i just peeked outside, and saw stars twinkling brightly before moonrise   no rain or snow     but still a lovely sight "
"the recycling bin is full of trash again!  i'm beginning to think that someone strews garbage through it on purpose, as if to dismiss even the easiest, most minimal efforts to reduce waste, etc "
