f87f89780a8146b3e64bc88cb57a28a0
"just when you think your out, they drag you back in   "
happy new years everyone!!! hope it's great!!!
stupid facebook not letting me change my stupid profile picture   
just realized how much homework he has left d smile     
"martini = done, time for arabic    "
"so much homework, so little time, why do i procrastinate q-q "
"why is it rather than being creative on my projects i need to do, i'm being more creative procrastinating?"
??????????????
which teacher in the center is the most like mr  tumnus?  i'm thinking mr  hassam just because 
"fuck we have school on monday     fuck, we have school on monday and i've barely finished a thing     fml   "
i love how it is 9001 times easier to type in japanese than in arabic   
"looking at colleges on college board, actually found one that sounds promising that i can actually get into that has a <propmale> i want "
"i hope mrs  martinez's pregnant <propfemale> rage doesn't come down and bite us in the ass, when the honors kids don't have their essays done cause no one remembered the prompt "
"movers, shakers, and producers; me and my firends understand the future; i see the strings that control the systems; i can do anything with no assistance "
i really don't want to go to school   
"oh americans, why are we so ignorant on so many levels?  i'll tell you why: to make it easy to write an essay about!"
"i hate when people don't realize they're in the way on the train, or just stopped right in the middle of the people your conversating with on the train    it is really annoying"
"i'm proud of my self, i held up two different conversations with two different adults, pretty interesting what the commute home can hold in store "
"norwalk, norwalk, norwalk, i mean i appreciate the 2 hour delay, but at that point why even bother?  just give us the day off >_> "
"omg i forgot, tischer sensei's class is cooking tomrrow  laugh !!!!!! totally forgot we are making yaki udon!"
"yay new computer, oh the internet doesn't work, oh we need a new wireless router, great   "
"when in doubt, go with your instincts, they are there for a reson you know  playful  "
sigh    hate funky connections   
my new computer has internet access now  laugh !!!
"my life would be <propfemale> right now, if only the modem wou ld stop being stupid and knocking me off the internet and such, sigh, at least the computer even has internet  annoyed  "
"your suddlties, they strangle me, i can't e playful lain myself at all   and all the wants, and all the needs, i don't want to need at all    "
any other camp staffer's planning on going to the interview on january 2nd?
why can't it summer vacation already?
"if life gives you lemons, and you try to make lemonade, unless life also gave you water and sugar, its still gonna suck "
lol after 30 mins only 6 dispatch songs finished playing 
who's coming back to camp mattatuck 10'? need to know what we are working with  playful !
just one of those days     
i'm ready for the beginning of the end of the beginning 
no sleep tonight? maybe 
"oh iran i love you so much i could put a nuclear sanction on you, oh wait i did  wait, what you don't have weapons and you aren't planing on making any  *fuck i can't turn back now shit shit shit *  well lets just pretend you do and put these sanctions on any sort of hope youhave fo making som srt of clean energy "
so like definitely need to learn to not pocrastinate     by college     eh who am my kidding i do my best work under pressure > laugh 
"soooooooo, mexico and uk left, ready to rock it out "
"norwalk please be merciful, at give us the day of, you know you don't want to come back either "
"how many people are doing last minute work for tomrrow, but procrastinating on facebook? pfft i know i am  playful  "
"how does one aquire so much contempt and hatred for one person, that just seeing said person makes you break out into rage?"
probably an all ngihter d smile  
"wikipedia, saver of projects, doer of good deeds, spreading the mercy on all our souls by helping in the everlasting fight against the homework <propfemale> that loves to just ruin our lives "
"i really don't want school tomorrow, this week took forever as it is, interview on saturday for camp staff 10'  playful  "
"interviews tomorrow, probably gonna see <propfirst>, camp staff 10'  laugh !"
"unit elections are the pits, at least we are in second besides the chapter who has the actual vice chief of inductions     "
"christmas tree, de-trimmed  mission accomplished "
"taking it one day at a time, hopefully these days start to go a little easier "
ugh double chem    so not looking forward to school today   
"ugh no ones on from arabic    well, if one of you sees this, say if there was homework or not  kthnksbye "
"what to do, what to do    "
"so bored, anyone want to do anything?"
"why is it whenever i actually need people to be on facebook, they aren't  annoyed  "
"why am i so incapable of studying, i'll sit down, then past that i have no clue what to do "
"i think i did pretty well on midterms today, wonder what awaits midterms: day 2 "
"just realized it's 3:55, not 5:55    sigh i've been awake for no reason >_>  sleep "
back from camping    so cold    so cold    there are ice blocks where my toes used to be  (someone will get it)
"done with chemistry, phycology tomorrow, so done with finals  playful    dry at home "
"had fun times with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and akum   was epic win   <propfirst> you are waaaaayyy too ridiculous at pokemon puzzle league, that was anlmost disgusting d: "
just got the best idea of how to study japanese ever   apples to apples in japnese   omg that would be epic win to the >9000 power 
"everyone take international human rights, so it doesn't get cancled again "
"the saddest part of avatar is that american's would do that, wouldn't they?  that general also needed to die a lot earlier    "
"slacker pride!  just copied down every answer for math from the back of the book, i'm a cool kid "
"why must i copy all of this section mr  meli, i swear if you continue this irrational behavior i just might have to break that social contract and form my own state, what do you think about that?"
i hate having a shit ton of work    
eww at new facebook   
who else isn't coming tomorrow even if we don't ave a snow day?
ugh why do people not have emails even in this day and age     annoying       guess i'm writing a letter 
"writing a letter to my homestay because he has no email   starting to wonder if i'm putting in too much info, anyone wanna proofread it tomorrow?"
"i'm bored now  annoyed , wanna do somethign d smile  "
it figures     
tell me why adventure time is coming out on cartoon network?!
oh what a tangled web we weave   
"camping this weekend, should be fun, its so far away though d smile  "
"camping up at camp pomperaug was awesome, had a great time "
"eww school tomorrow, so tempted to play sick    i mean i was out in the woods all weekend "
"lol, tell me why i was looking up stuff on urbandictionary com, and i looked up <propfirst>, and in one of the ads it had a picture of a girl wearing a shirt that said: bacon makes everything better   i guess all <propfirst>'s love bacon that much  no doubt "
"holy shit, 5 birthdays on tuesday?"
"i love actually waking up when your body feels like it, sadly this is the last day of it for a while q-q "
"just sent an email to his homestay, and got a letter from them, after sending a letter because i didn't know that <propfemale> had the email address the whole time, even though it wasn't on the paper, but nevertheless we're communicating!"
lol watching japanese final projects on youtube made me appreciate our program soooo much more  laugh  
why does rewriting this stupid arabic packet take so freaking long    
lol science fair project looks 20x better than before 
"still no school, best hosting week ever!"
"still another day of no school, and a gawgeous day   going on a hike then over to <propfirst>'s to <propfemale> out   thank god for making norwalks trees so susceptable to falling over and having all their power lines preculiarly close "
"birthday was awesome, <propmale> out in sono with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and then we all went and met up with <propfemale> for avatar imax   was a good day, oh and did nothing in school thanks to arabic, gotta love inschool field trips "
"hair cut, feel a lot better now   i hate having too much hair   "
facebook chat needs to learn how to not fail 
"it definitely has to be summer, like now    now    "
bored    i should stop being lazy and make plans   
bored    looking at colleges  annoyed  
facebook is definitely being failbook atm   
"whoa, the father from <propmale> little is house, weird to see him    caring   "
this is not going to work out well   
yay for probable all nighter??
"if arabic is going to force me to write 20 sentences in arabic after all that crap fine, i'm going to at least have fun with this  "
i'm having way too much fun writing these arabic sentences    
"totally just served some chump in japanese on a video on youtube, i hate ignorant dipwads ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ur??u??rite?????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
"ugh so over school right now, i'm in a summer state of mind, mattatuck staff 10' anyone?"
whoa i actually did my math homework    
"just got camp info in, scoutcraft 10' ,(side note: i'm making more than i thought i would)"
"why does everyone freak out about the sat's so much, that was easy   the hardest part was my butt starting to hurt for sitting for too long "
"omg, i just saw a commercial for the new avatar: the last airbender live action movie i can't wait  surprise !"
ugh school needs to just be done with    all too ready for it to be summer    
i feel like crap and i have no clue why bleh  annoyed  
ugh i feel like garbage     
peptobismal seems to be abbysmal for me having the adverse affect on me    
only       14 more days in school for me!!!! so ready for summer camp!
"conclave this weekend, should be a blast!"
"way too many people's birthday's today, therefore i will give a general happy birthday!!!!!!!! too everyone whose birthday is today "
sigh most likely all nighter     see how this goes    
"i haven't even started my finals yet, and i'm ready for them to be over so i can go to camp    "
"omg    math was so much easier than i thought it'd be thank god for no trig identities     ugh world lit and japanese tomorrow, while i have chemistry and civics the day after    not good pairings   "
"alright, ready to kill todays finals, now that i finally finished snow flower, good book, but so fucking long d:"
"let's start packing         now, oops i still have 2 more finals d:< (rageragerageragerageragerageraaaaagggggeeeee!!!!!!!)"
i am doooooonnnnnnneeeee wiiiiitttthhhhh fiiiinnnnaaalllllssssss!!!!!!!!! llllleeeetttt'ssss gooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
i am so      exhausted     at least they don't have lesbiand biker drills (lbd's) at home 
"myscouting com is fucking retarded     i guess i'll just do the stupid little class when i get back, cause this isn't working out     "
"so tired, but its over for now i suppose "
"so happy i found this, i was missing ffr so much : http annoyed  ffr lightdarkness net ffr "
tell me why buying a gallon of <propmale> <propmale> is like buying 2 cans of it   
worst   book   ever 
half way done     hopefully i don't fall asleep reading this for the 4th time today      40 pages till chapter 5  annoyed  
"well i can tell you one thing, all these afrika petro-countries don't have enough petro-dollars for me to give a petro-shit about this book - -  90~ pages left"
i wonder if i can finish this book before i go to bed      probably not but worth a shot  annoyed  
sorry about all of that   
"guys nobody touch those messages my facebook got hacked and those messages have trojans i believe, sorry about all this, idk how it happened   "
"well i'm done with untapped: the rush for africa's oil finally      starting red <propfemale> blues an equally thick book but a little more interesting, but about 100 pages longer i hope i can finish this all  annoyed  "
"all the books are done  laugh dddddddd, now just to do a little bit for ap japanese and then i'll officially be done, evn sooner than last year working till 2 am the day of to get chem essay done  laugh  "
"totally foudn the scholarship for me, going to work for the cia  laugh "
can anyone please reassure me that for ap cp we only had to read those 2 books    please     
why didn't i do this earlier this is so easy that was like 400 characters in like 30mins   
well i guess i ought to get some sleep      r i p summer 2010'  sad 
"just found a new band i like  laugh , never even heard of them before this   scouting for girls "
fan freaking-tabulous 
sigh      gotta figure this all out    
common app whoop whoop    
for a first draft i gotta say this college essay is pretty freaking sexy 
"stupid whore country game shut down on me when i was at 150 countries left with like 4 mins, left stupid whore game >_> "
i swear my brain doesn't register netherlands as a country   
i love how the word to devaste is japanese is also the word they use for to troll   just how badly do japanese take trolling?
totally couldn't think about a topic for the japanese essay     soooooo i decided i'm goign to write about shoes   we'll see how this goes 
"totally just wrote a story about shoes and how awesome they are for japanese class  using these 12 words: true feelings, reliable, ability to concentrate, to compete, hope wish, to encourage, to comfort, start trigger initial opportunity, to be spoiled, to be depressed, to spend time, and to be invited   i feel pretty damn accomplished "
"so tired, so want to go to sleep, so can't sleep  -  , why!"
"people are so ignorant i swear, it amazes me, it completely and utterly amazes me   i didn't know any single adult human being could know that little about something and have such a strong opinion   hope for the human race = gone "
"so i totally am being forced to elangomat for the      6th time   i haven't ever been to and ordeal where i wasn't elangomatting    totally thought this was the first one i wouldn't, because i'm chapter chief, but that turned into the reason i am  sigh "
i'm about to go into the wild    no you can't come 
"totally just watched all the lord of the rings because it was a marathon and i had nothing better to do, pretty awesome "
i love <propfemale> 
"my research paper will totally blow all other's out of the water even if it is late, i don't care this paper won the game in comparison "
5 day school weeks seem to take so long now    
"i thought i was so sure, and then everything was flipped on its head   now i don't which way is up, which is down   i don't know, don't know "
still hope 
"i'm really happy with this college essay, hope it is as good as i feel it is "
"so my dad totally just won the lottery  surprise , not the jackpot, but he did win  surprise  "
this speech is killing me x x ??????????????????
"stupid ap kids, going to bed all punctual and everything, not around to help a brother out "
facebook chat is retarded     
if only there were 3 days in a weekend 
so sick   
so sick     but miso soup helps  love   
"so i'm really digging ishmael      but i definitely need to read more of it    cause at this point its saying that we have to let all the starving people die to save the world  __ , otherwise we'll just keep out living our means   interested to see if there is a solution to this "
"going to the <propmale> mall, should be fun "
"should be a fun weekend, if anything else, i'm not doing the online video chat thing today  playful  "
"oh supplements, why must you have essays also "
almost done with lab report   and its not even 2 am  laugh 
i think you burn more calories trying to get the pomergranate stuff out of it than you get from it 
"considering joining crew, should be interesting "
"not bad, but not to great either "
"every\person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one : to get better  i\know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my \friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for\an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or who are still \   fighting"
anyone have any idea what to put for our graduation date on common app?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nnufpqvoqpw&feature=aso
eww     i need to find a cd player     
"well got me a cd player, yay for 27 dollars more down the hole for a test    "
"sat ii's weren't too bad, if i didn't space out for one of the listenings on the japanese one i totally would have gotten like an 800 "
"anyone know the apcp website, the one i have written down won't work   "
omg i totally just finished that atwood's lab so happy   
circular motion is harder than it seems    
ugghhhhhh       
"of course something has to go wrong, its like necessary   "
where the fuck is it!?!?!????!?
im gayyy nd suckk dickk
oh yess ! jus got daat <propmale>  wink 
almost done with the work ap packet  laugh  
iphone  laugh dddd
for apcp project we need to copy each article?
all nighter? maybe 
mexio you suck   <propfemale> to have more newpapers and be more important in the world 
quick nap? i think i've earned it  *knocks out till 4*
"normal seep, how i have missed you "
: i'm a total bum   love 
tell me why the piles of snow infront of my house are now taller than me?
no school again whaaaaattt!!!
gotta love how the statuses are automatically updating with the waves of calls coming in  smile 
i don't even know 
no school again > laugh 
we are going to graduate in august at this rate 
"might pull this one out of my ass, maybe "
into the abyss?
almost half way there?
camp staff 11'?
time to simply wait 
i found the speed of sound today everyone   your welcome 
making a tower? i bet you aren't 
first decision back      and its an acceptance to hofstra!! at least i can go somewhere now!
"that fucking bus driver thought she was some hot shit trying to kick me off the bus because bridgeport doesn't have school, needless to say, i got her supervisor on her ass, her fault for not believing me  and yes i damn sure got on that bus "
"great, that was an amazing nap, but now my sleep cycle is going to be off for a week now - - "
march is going to suck 
"random flan? ok then!  this is the best flan ever, and it was comepletely random, i have no clue where my dad pulls his cooking prowess from, but this is delicious!"
eagle scout project       approved     wait     now i have to do it      
"<propfirst> sheen, is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy mays 25, and <propfirst> fahey jr  23 (of norwalk, ct) are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention  these are just a few names - there are too many to mention in this space  honor them by re-posting this status"
so like what train do we catch   
"sooooo , umass all day?"
i'm bout to go all sentimental on dat ass! watch out!
???????????????????
japan bowl status: pretty good 
<propfemale> 3~ hours of sleep?
lol i'm so good at procrastinating it's not even f
"guys i'd suggest you don't touch those links   probably viruses, just saying "
"i don't know what to think of this at all, but very skeptical to say the least "
"commissioner    really? i didn't even apply for it, oh well i'll try not to butt dial 911 this year guys "
"lol what's more awkward than sending completely random emails to people based on a 20 some odd questioned questionaire, asking if they'd like to live together  nothing much "
getting sick of waking up this early to go to school to do essentially nothing 
has a roommate!!!  sorelieved 
to the beach !!!
the crusades can just take thier military failure and disappear back into history 
"oa ordeal this weekend, should be fun!"
ugh i gotta stop knocking out like that    
is officially a brien mcmahon senior classy 2011 graduate 
"busy coming week, staff week at mattatuck until sunday, sunday i have to go up to umass for orientation, then come back to camp after for more staff week, lucky me "
4 hours    hope it's not raining like this up there    
shouldnt leave his fb up at work or we will do terrible terrible things to it
at what point does politics become ideology and ideology become politics   at a time where someone could villanize the other group elected by the majority of the people on the sheer wing tips of political dogma i'm afraid that that point has already come 
"i don't know random reporter lady, exactly how deep in the earth's atmosphere did this earthquake occur? *troll face*"
sooooooooooooo bored  t minus 7 days 
this hurricane crap is an obvious sign that it's time to go  6 days~
"i dunno how, but still have power!"
"bridgeport, it's been real    ly boring, umass here i come!"
"so nervous for this freaking placement exam, hope it all goes well and words come back naturally    "
"back at my home away from home (bridgeport), wishing i was back at umass   "
"2nd floor is so lonely, i need somebody to talk to or just something to do   "
being so bored on such a beautiful day should be a crime   need to go somewhere    
"alright, plan of action found   look up quotes until 1:45   return to thatcher by 2   sleep till 5 smile 0   return to library by 5:50~  look for any more quotes until 6 smile 0   write essay until 12:15  print by 12 smile 0   go to anthro for midterm at 1  go to herter and turn in my paper   success "
got a human in hvz!
we got sooooooooooo many humans tonight!!!
