92006f8e587d990c8a2e40caec756e06
rip mr  zarate
"oh dear, the sky's falling and here i am without an umbrella   shit    "
welcome to the loser's day parade!
one of these days i'm gonna change things around and talk to me and no one else
"we're not building a themed adventure for mega man, just kill him!"
"note to self: you know those days when you ask yourself how can your life get any worse and then it does? stop asking yourself that, whoevers in charge of life will be happy to show you"
"today was one of the coolest days of my life, chalise varner is still as awesome as ever  laugh "
"oh hey, time to get ready already, that was fast"
"that was a short class, stupid tests, i could've stayed up all night"
"hey there, all you people and people substitutes, check out my stories in my notes when you can and tell me what you think  i will have the mass gratitude  for now i hunger so i'm off to find pasta  i am out "
"men, monsters, women and weirdo's, check out the stories i wrote  they're in my notes, please leave comments, i'd love to know what you think  thanks  laugh "
"friends, romans, zoidberg, read my stories in my notes, they are on my notes, and continue to remain in my notes  leave comments please  thank you  laugh "
"my stories, read them on my notes  leave comments  please?"
aw hell
"hanging with ms  chalise varner ftw! freezing conversations outside until 10 smile 0 lol  \i don't know how to tie my own shoes\"""""
"it took me a long time, but i just got reno 911!  i thought the gag was that the police officers were just supposed to suck, but apparently everyone is incompetent  even the epitome of evil, the head of the kkk chapter in reno, has a black wife  even the villains are failures at what they do  everyone is a jackass there, and now i love this show  analysis ftw!"
you! dig! giant robots! i! dig! giant robots! we! dig! giant robots! chicks! dig! giant robots! megas xlr theme ftw! i miss that show
"some of you are white, some of you are black   you're brown   and you're silver!"
gané el juego
yard work is actually really fun when you get to man an ax  the tree doesn't stand a <propmale>!
"\you see what happens when people get hit in the head? they like my movies!\"" —boll on fighting (and winning) against all of his critics in a boxing ring (fuck he's a dumb man)"""
fml  sad 
i've never been good at trying to smile when i'm sad  today took some world class acting
i've never been good at trying to smile when i'm sad  today took some world class acting
 annoyed 
"drinking hot chocolate, hell yes"
facebook makes my head hurt
"the beatles were wrong, all you really need is a lot of like some hot chocolate and maybe the beach boys   laugh "
"as far as tv show theme songs go, i really dig the tune for the office "
"the smell of a wet outside world, i love it  laugh "
"didn't know alsh had a wikipedia <propfemale>, with a controversy section   it's the most prominent part of the entry   i knew that place sucked"
"alhs, whatever"
lullaby would actually make a really good movie
my lullaby is killing my lullaby is stilling it could be such sweet silence from static from violence
aw today just sucks
woke up at 5 smile 0 to go to a class that was cancelled for today  shit 
i'm a caring person but you    you in particular won't get any sympathy from me
"car crash going 60 on the freeway, my neck is all scratched up and purple, shit what a day"
"\a very good measure of how good your friends are is how much you can insult them without them taking offense  \""  -internet"""
"how can so many policemen shooting in one direction not hit the whitefaced clown wearing a bright purple suit? gotham police suck so bad, why would anyone live there?"
am i a fan of common sense or of common nonsense? is there a cure for that?
it's almost one in the morning! don't any of you people sleep?!
"often i find myself looking through the recesses of the tornado wasteland that is my mind for the song that i just want to hear, buried by minute wonders and less than qualified yet incessantly catchy jingles  then, and i hope you'll all e playful erience it one day, once you give up, you hear it somewhere by accident  i live for these 2-4 minutes of bliss that is fulfillling the emotional craving for one song "
just listened to <propmale>'s silver hammer for the first time  i can pretty much see why people might have thought the beatles (or maybe just ringo) were evil  i have never heard a song so awful yet so awesome at the same time  he fucking laughs before the chorus (where <propmale> kills again) is <propfirst> the second time!
universal truth 1: most songs can be made just that more epic if done in a string quartet converesely brass quartets achieve the opposite of this effect
yeah yeah have a <propfemale> christmas or whatever you crazy people are out there celebrating these days
"if you could, what book would u live in?                        its taking everything i have not to say <propmale> potter  i give up, in terms of how fantastically different the world is and just how awesome that is, <propmale> potters world is just pure gold "
"pissed the fuck right off! didn't get to take my driving test today because my mom put off registering her truck, but apparently its my fault for not planning properly  fuck!"
purple
is wondering how many consecutive hours he has to stay up to have delusions of being batman    hm    a test is in order    
gah!!! i can't write!
 sad 
<propfemale> makes me smile  smile 
people won't be people when they hear this sound that's been glowing in the dark at the edge of town
drawing class! it is probably my most favorite class ever!
motion city's new album retains them as fucking awesome! hell yes!
"like a slasher film i'm torn in opposite directions, the plot sucks but the killings are gorgeous "
why are saltine crackers so delicious when you're sick?
34
"and when those songs, so bittersweet in their dissonance, feel as warm and safe as a mothers embrace, you know the world before you is only beautiful in apology  every singing bird gives you its song as an offering because the human condition is so ugly, and while you will always feel the gravity of it, the bird can always fly away "
 surprise 
i am batman
attempting to learn japanese  failing  so  hard 
why did they change the layout of the damn site? its a hard enough language without them moving everything!
"retro week is over! starting now, change your profile picture to a fictional character that you think best represents your personality (or one you just like)  be creative! copy and paste this so we all can play along "
missin my angel  wink 
nowhere in the rhyme humpty dumpty does it say he's an egg
"doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status or send it to your friends"
<propfemale> bullock
demetri <propfirst> is 36? whaaaaaaaaaaaat?
failuredom: realizing you can and are carrying on six facebook comment conversations fluidly at once    damn    
watching the <propmale> tenenbaums ftw!
"nerd moment: you know what, i think that since every defence against the dark arts teacher in <propmale> potter turned out to be evil eventually, maybe they should have just stopped offering the class  then inside jobs are no longer a problem and they won't need the damn class anymore "
i am now hooked on modest mouse
feeling left out  sad 
just barely got around to playing dead rising  this is probably one of my top 5 favorite games now 
why did my chat stop working?
"just beat portal for the first time, all right game, song at the end made it all worth the while "
"life handed us a paycheck, we said \we worked harder than this!\"""""
missing my last class before spring break feels   strangely unsettling    stupid alarm
she said yes!!!!
clash of the titans sucked
<propfirst> subacz died? shit   
"got over my fear of hospitals today, luckily theres nothing wrong with me, probably just a stomach virus"
"stupid stomach virus, it needs to leave  now "
pero los links! bing is a crap search engine but they have way more entertaining commercials 
rip <propfirst> <propfirst> dio
"wow dude, i simply can't stand the resident evil movies  they have all the greats from the games in there, but the only competent person is <propfemale>? who the hell is <propfemale>? <propfemale> is nobody  <propfirst> kennedy, <propfemale> <propfirst>, these are zombie killing machines "
"will post on your wall something i like about \you if you \like\"" this status  make this your status if you want a \",92006f8e587d990c8a2e40caec756e06,verbal  kung  fu 
<propfemale> green can't read
<propfemale> green can't spell <propmale> <propfirst> poe
<propfemale> bullock is gorgeous
<propfirst> dickey smells
<propfirst> dickey doesn't smell  smile 
<propfemale> green can't get on the computer
<propfemale> green smells
"the karate kid, the new one, is awesome  not even just a welcome addition awesome but even better than the first  you  will  cheer "
"like\ this status and i'll confess what i first thought about u when i met u, beause i'm bored, and i can't sleep or clowns will eat me "
what the hell is it with you people and cafe world? 200 requests to sort through and like 50 of them are cafe world
facebook is working again for me! woot!
<propfemale> watson green's name is not watson
is an apple
i'm takin' the moral high ground on our hacking wars kel <propfemale> (i forgot to change your status before i signed out    rats    )
"hey babydoll, i win  smile "
anyone in rancho know what that e playful losion earlier was?
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was awesome  pure  awesome 
"ground\ zero mosque controversy is a gop strategy to draw attention away from \the fact that they blocked health care for 9 11 first responders  spread\ the word, people  see <propfirst> weiner, new york senator, rant on youtube over the matter "
"awesome game of capture the flag and zombie tag tonight, achy, tired, awesome  anyone who didn't make it this weekend, join in next weekend, the more the merrier "
"<propmale> cruise, you are redeemed because knight and day is amazing haha \anyone makes a move i'll kill myself then her \"""""
"thank you to everyone who said happy birthday, bonus points to everyone who talks to me on days other than my birthday"
"amazing weekend, song 2 by blur ftw"
the dark knight rises will have no riddler  wowzers  surprise 
