9fb09ecc847ecbe90a33e1cc78e52ad7
"we are home  all in one piece     many stops to maintain open eyes enough to drive   it was noce to see all my family and friends    thank you to all that made it a pleasant trip   hope everyone has a happy, healthy and wealthy year "
comindin
happy father's day to all those daddys!
time to call mine! the best one!
where were you when armstrong walked on the <propfemale>?  i was 8 and watching it on tv 
<propfirst> pietrzyk facebook has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on settings up at the top where you see the log out link  select privacy  then select newsfeeds and wall  next select the tab that
i'm leaving on a jet    don't know when i will be back again   carpetners
"pinemount elementary pto will be having a yard sale and fall festival on saturday october 17 - 8 surprise 0 am to 1 surprise 0 pm  if you have any items you would like to donate to help us raise money, just let me know smile "
pinemount elementary pto has reached their goal of $500 from general mills box tops for the month of september  thank you to all that donated to help fund a brand new school  we hope to reach another $500 by the end of october    please continue to send in     
pinemount elementary school is having another fundraising   brooklyn boys in lkae city florida on rt 90 west from 5-9pm  take out counts -- so don't cook tonight!  10% goes back to pinemount 
pinemount elementary school is having another fundraising   brooklyn boys pizza in lake city florida on rt 90 west from 5-9pm   take out counts -- so don't cook tonight! 10% goes back to pinemount 
"columbia high school, lake city, florida - home coming week - take a good look at the couple on the \art club\"" car """
go ny jets       put the miami dolphins back in the water!
"those serving our veterns, our vets and all those whom will be serving in the future  thank you  my prayers include that all will be treated more and more respect, and provided for than those of the past "
hospice in lake city florida is having a memorial ceremony tonight at 6pm   come and celebrate the lives of those that you have lost 
i am watching the wizard of oz on a tv with split colors    wishing it was in black and white
"ok, i just returned from walmart, and purchased another vaccum  i slept on it for 3 hours and decided since it is all taped up, i broke the last belt and the dirt wasn't going to lift itself   go for it  my old one was now 6 years old, but it was still picking up really good   but the new one is plastic! and cost more than the last one! how long will this last "
"ok, i have officially broken the brand new vaccum i just bought yesturday (tuesday) at 3am  yes, there was a lot of deep down dirt, but the motor has stopped working  on my way to <propmale> world to take it back and get one that will last longer  yes, it was $65, but i e playful ect to be able to run atleast a week  question, when someone buys a vaccum, don't they use it after they buy it?"
"kmart is open tomorrow    yes, turkey day excitement!"
is it over yet?  just wondering    
"happy erev chanuka!  i love making homemade latkas (potato pancakes)!  yes, #50 poatoes peeled, cooked and dropped into hot oil, just so my youngest son can have fresh latkas  we also made donut holes injected with jelly and the kids will make marshmellow pretzel driedels  and, i finally located some choolate gelt (money)   (do you really think i could find any of the real thing?)"
happy chanuka to everyone! may the lights shine bright  may the latkes be warm and the gelt roll in! shabbat shalom!
"i am watching the passover story on tv --- did i sleep too long, and it isn't chanuka, but pesach?    happy 2nd night of chanuka -- maybe another channel will have chanuka"
"big sun classic pigeon show, inverness, florida  this weekend   i am doing the food again   in memory, <propmale> daar      also, have reduced pigeon supplies still available  let me know and i'll bring down to show "
new york here we come    looking forward to meeting up with family and old friends    pass the word!  email me or call my cell  or post where and when you will be 
i am here in yorktown heights area   call me 386-344-5099 or email me bkz11@hotmail com   looking forward to seeing everyone
i am here in yorktown    it is snowing!  my younger ones are under the care of my older girls    so            !!!!!!
it was great seeing some of my old friends (and met some new ones) at murphy's  had a great time      
"wish i was up at the jet game, snuggled up with some hot cocoa with someone special  it looks like they are doing fine with out me    better than i am without my someone special "
"girl scout cookies go on sale <propfirst> 8th, this friday  let me know what cookies you would like  the cookies are $4 00 per box  thin mints, samoas, tagalongs, do-si-dos, trefoils, lemon, <propfemale> de leche, and thank u <propfirst> much (new)   please help the girls of troop 926 reach their goals  cookies freeze    email mom at bkz11@hotmail com             brownie <propfemale>   (no brownies)"
"frozen pipes in florida, despite washing dishes and taking a shower at 2am and letting water drip all night!!!!!!"
"i lost my cell phone at walmart  left it in the cart when i was loading the truck, and people were waiting for my spot  i hope there is a honest person whom will anwser it and return it to me   in the 5 minutes between driving off and finding another place to park  i checked all the carts returned to the cart place and have kepp calling it incase someone was shopping with it "
jets      whoo hooo!
update on phone   a woman called and spoke to b last night  he told them to leave it at customer service  it still isn't there????? she found it in the cart    so she was still at walmart?????  so where is the phone?  so far only minute used was call to my house 
on top and covered
"ok pipes are officially frozen again!  not sure where freezing     i pray my luck doesn't run out     leaving me with        so now i have clothes half washed, toliets without water and    "
ups is shipping anything under 50lbs for free to haiti  you can send food clothes or shoes   and american airlines is taking doctors and nurses to haiti for free  please call 212-697-9767  spread the word   red cross needs creole speaking volunteers for a 24hr phone bank  call mr  wilfrid @ 305-776-6900 asap   please repost this info 
"i am failing as a mother      my youngest son (6 yrs) just came out with a colt talking doll (someone gave my mother, who gave it to my son)   i am sorry my jets    i eill redo his training   he will be a jet fan, and you will win today!"
"wow, i am back from my 5 continent, 11 country world-wide trip   the girls, parents and leaders had a really great time; tasted a variety of foods and picked up swaps   the presentations were very informative and the girls did a wonderful job providing us with interesting things about their countries and girl scouting around the world   guess, i now need a nap, since i am jet-lagged   same time next year, girls?"
"bumper sticker of the year:  'if you can read this, thank a teacher -and, since it's in english, thank a soldier'  this is a special statement (just read this from an email -- some \ducky\"" friend fan)"""
"cookies, cookies for sale     come and stop-by all the cookie booths this weekend! last weekend for sales    then it is 11 months before we get our next delivery  they freeze well   and for all our dieters, you need treats occationally; like one-a-day to keep the junk food away "
"hey, ya all -- last weekend for cookie booths    and we'z only got 45 cases left   friday night 3-8 at publix on route 90 lake city   we hope to have sold them all out  if not see you on sunday!"
yummy     can't wait to see all the cakes this year  public auction at the lake city mall 2 smile 0 this saturday       cakes made and decorated by girl scouts      profits go toward our <propfemale> ball (girls and their dads) in june
whoo hoooo     sea world!!!!!!!!
"i have decided to go back to april 16, 1980      best 3-day party of my life!   place: canada    i could really use a walk down shoe store lined streets about now  btw, we didn't have cellphones     so if you need me     leave a message "
"iyar 4 -   in loving memory of <propmale> daar       (may 9, 200 smile "
looking for a babysitter for 2 adorable children this week   mostly evenings and possible overnights 
"for sale: blood clots    they have to be useful for something   afterall, we recycle everything!"
stuck in lcmc for weekend shabbos   boo hoo!
"i have been sprung!  all those looking to talk to me, try the house or cell or email or fb  thank you to all my visitors, childcare givers and \well\"" wishers """
"spent the day in <propfemale> with scouts <propfemale> and <propfemale> and other leader, <propfemale>   we had a great time, and made plans to take our troops back for a trip "
cell phone is back!
cell phone is back!
"to the man that made me \a mother\"" to some wonderful children   \",9fb09ecc847ecbe90a33e1cc78e52ad7,i wanted to leave on a jet plane    but jetblue has no more seats for the next 2 days left for anywhere i wanted to go     $10 on all their remaining seats to anywhere they fly may 11 &12th 
"this is \mother brag week\"" --- if us mothers (and other relatives and friends) don't brag    our kids won't   congrats to all our children for all the fantastic things they are achieving!"""
"happy birhtday, my son   hope your summer is everything you want "
"happy 18th to my middle son, baruch !!!   \\ (turn on your wall, so others can wish you too   per a phone call this morning)"
"happy 50th anniversay mom and dad!  to another 50!  june 15th, 1960\they have no idea what their children are up to this weekend "
"getting my <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonight and spending the weekend in melbourne  then sunday hoping making my way back to biloxi for my truck     ? way to tally, then greyhounding there "
anyone going to tallahassee (catching greyhound there) or biloxi after 7pm on sunday from lake city?  my truck is still there    must get it!
"good shabbos from jacksonville, florida "
love seeing everyone's 4th pictures 
good morning london; good night florida 
"sending out prayers for all my friends that are in medical, financial and sticky situations \i started reading today's postings and emails, and there seems like an overload of pain occurring   may memories soften losses; meds reduce pain; man correct computer errors, and we all take one breath at a time, cause we weren't made to take two "
i am back home!
"happy birthday to 750 woodlands terrace!  7 years ago you became mine!  tonight's menu steak with onions, brownies in our ice cube pan thingie and rice with stuff in it and for the house, a new toliet flapper!  \oh, i guess it is a good time to say, \house for sale\""!"""
we wish you all a meaningful day and an easy fast 
looking forward to this new year   also looking forward to eating with friends in jax in their sukkahs 
"came home to no electric   was off since 11:43 am, and now on at 1:48am   squirrel knocked the canister down?"
in gainesville for yom tov 
"just had a great day(s) with all my 7 children (and families), 1 grandchild and my sister and parents   they came to celebrate their grandparents 50th with a nice dinner  can't wait to see the pictures together                  "
"reward: to anyone that took \a picture of all my children together\"" yesturday - thanksgiving 2010: 1)alone; 2)with me; 3)with their grandparents; 4)with everyone else  deal is it has to be one picture """
home
thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
the little fish better watch out tomorrow when the jets flush them down the toliet!!!!!!
"well the call came last night about 9pm      uncle <propfirst>'s dolphines once again beat the jets, and he called to let me know!"
"box tops for education\looking for the perfect afternoon snack for your snow angels? save money while earning for your school with these coupons from totino's, pillsbury, and more! http annoyed  bit ly btfe-coupons\  "
go jets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and what was that????????????????
"happy birthday, mom !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid  they made me do chores, go to school  they gave me rules, a curfew, suggested i get a job and made me work for what i wanted  they insisted i do my best at school, my job & to take pride in my work  i grew up with morals, good work ethic, healthy respect for the law and my elders  what does your parents make you do?"
"i just received the most beautiful present in the world \a calendar book entitled \twelve months of hannah\""  \",9fb09ecc847ecbe90a33e1cc78e52ad7,who came in 3rd (wolf) in cub scout pack 91 pine wood derby?  you got guessed it correct!   ronen's  car with heat flash driving   pics will come tomorrow  daar boys eat his dust!
