c7265539305ff81389c3444ac2d2388d
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  laugh   im glad to have finally grown up to adult status and am finally not considered a teenager! lol
<propmale> <propfirst> and the phillies!!!  : )
"up right now because i thought my exam was a 1 smile 0 but as it turns out it's at 5   sweet, i get to sleep : )"
"there are certain mistakes i will never live down and as hard as i try to think positive, i only feel worse "
"so i might graduate in 6 months, and i finally am excited to be done with school and have a job   a few months ago i didn't want to because i didn't want to grow up, and now i've been looking back at how much has changed and i know i can't stay in memory land  i have to grow up "
"8 hour clinical today, hopefully time to see a c-section or birth and research a <propfemale> of drugs, presentation worth 10% of my grade tomorrow morning to kids (why did i volunteer to be an actress of asthma symptoms!!!), finishing a 20 <propfemale>d paper, then hour and a half of lab, another all day clinical, and then finish the week with class from 8am til 5pm   week sucks!!!!!"
"me and the black cat make a great team, now i have a wasp in my water bottle   sting free since 1989!"
"group final tuesday, online final wednesday through sunday   sounds easy, but as always, there is some blackness with stupid finals   they determine the grades in my class, and if my gpa drops anymore points, im gonna be pissed! esp if a 92% is yet another freaking b   "
my uncle has forced me to reconcile with change   i do not like it : (
thanks everyone for birthday wishes!!!! 21  laugh 
saturday was awesome   thank you best friends : )
i am thinking of atrial and ventricular fibrillation in metaphors   that's how much nursing has ruined my life lol
so two magaritas and two ameretto shots from <propfemale> garden lands you in michigan two seconds away from a bar fight with a 40 year old woman alcoholic and her stupid man friend   definitely didn't see that coming lol
snow   delightful  laugh 
i would rather not do my homework tonight   seems to be my mindset all semester long   last final in 2 weeks!!!!
"if you think im a bad friend, fine  i admit im still selfish, impulsive, and seemingly cold sometimes  cold because im tired of being vulnerable  impulsive and selfish because im still looking for something  but i appreciate the friends i do have  after all the shit i can do, they stick around  so either stick around or dont  i will still remember you   "
i graduate in one week!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
done with finals   end result= a in adult health 2 (redemption after considering my 92% a flat b in adult health 1) and a careless attempt at a pointless research final!  laugh 
the after effects of college education: still don't know when to stop and still don't understand that going to a hot stranger's house with his guy friends and only one of my girl friends is a bad idea! good thing the third friend said no!
"\hey how's your day? got herpes?\"""""
all a's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and my mommy is here and im graduating   im so happy!  laugh 
"aw, thanks toledo   im only here for a few more days, but thanks for the big fuck you sending away gift!"
my cousin <propfemale> kicks ass! and she's beautiful!  smile 
