d0d2874220d41594c7551b6c94c1c665
what horrible instinct urges me to want a cup of coffee or snack right after i finish doing the dishes? i really don't want to be the one who makes that first dirty dish    sad 
kids go back to school tomorrow! i am happy even though it means getting up before it's light again   
yay i finally mowed the front lawn!!! the back is another story but i seriously think it might kill me if i try   
mom is visiting from north <propfemale>  pretty happy to see her!!
"my mom comes to visit so i have been having much more real life interaction than usual, and i check facebook after two days and have about 50 million requests   i am overwhelmed  i can't keep up!!!!!!!"
watching the secret of nimh with the boys  they all fell asleep but this movie is good! i'm finishing it 
just got back from camping 
stupid work tomorrow  not looking forward to being there at 6:45 a m 
i'm so confused  should i think about moving to north <propfemale>? apparently they have a lot of good paying jobs and no bodies to fill them 
"too much to think about, too many decisions to debate   i wish i could just stay in bed all day "
i don't even have money for my baby's upcoming birthday now!! he turns 9 on the third of august and we are so broke  i feel like the world's worst mother   
i can never sleep!!!
i have no babysitter!!! i am screwed!!!!
i am really freaking out about the babysitter thing  it's starting to look like i won't be going to work at all for a while  i don't know what to do!
"still awake    had an awesome visit with a friend i hardly ever see, so worth it for a little less sleep!!"
cayden's birthday tomorrow  don't know how i can get him a present since he is always with me   
"about to lose my mind from stress and confusion, and i'm not even kidding   "
is it ok to hire a 14-year-old to babysit?
"what a busy frickin day  now all i have to do is make supper, drive the kids to the sitters, then go to work til 10  whee!!!"
oh my god theres is a fricking bat in my house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok it's gone  a nice animal control lady came and collected it on a coffee can  the horrific part was going in the room to drag my sleeping 4-year old out of harm's way   thanks for not answering your phones all my guy friends!!!
last class tonight!!
so confused   
"tired and not looking forward to a long weekend of work, then coming home to clean up after the pig of a babysitter  i am too wimpy to bitch at the sitter do i guess i just have to clean everything myself  lame!!!"
so stressed about everything  i feel like i can't go on being this worried about everything for weeks on end  my head is going to e playful lode  i feel like quitting my job  i can't keep leaving the kids with this babysitter!! he can't even cook a can of soup!! poor kids  they need a proper supper and bed time  school starts soon!!!
god damn babysitter  i think i'm going to have to quit my job 
first day of school!!   kinda!!!
seven hours today on the phone with tech support and my computer still doesn't work right 
"my computer is going on a little car ride today  don't know when i'll get it back from best buy, but it should feel lucky i'm not throwing it off a bridge or something  i will miss it!!!"
i'm back!! went and got my computer back from best buy this morning!
"oh yeah, and my birthday sucked!!"
"moving, moving, moving  packing, packing, packing   cleaning, cleaning, cleaning   in between wrangling children and the ever-present housework, yardwork, and cooking  i freak out about twice a day thinking \no way am i gonna be able to do this!!!\"""""
still packing   it goes slowly  anyone want to help? i wouldn't object!!
"kind of a boring day today   nowhere to go, restless kids   "
"took the kids to the $2 movies today, gi <propfirst>  i think they liked it, although i'm pretty sure they didn't understand it  i want to watch it again by myself!"
anyone know anyone that would like to buy a barely used bassinet? how about an entertainment center?
cayden and <propfirst> have no cavities!! yay them!! and me!!
which of my big strong friends would like to assist me in taking apart some bunkbeds sometime in the next week?
i'm having one of those freak-out days again! moving day is so close now!!
"what should i do today? what can i pack that i will not need for the next 8 days or so? thats the problem i keep encountering  i'm gonna have to do it all on like the last day  can't afford to eat out the whole time, so no packing the kitchen, kids need to play so no packing all toys   etc "
ok so i have most of the toys packed   now what?
stupid wind
"family movie night   too much sugar for my kids, not enough earplugs for me   "
took the kids to their school carnival today  i wish i wasn't always taking them to these things by myself  it's hard to <propfemale> everything and keep track of all three   
"who wants to help me go get my uhaul truck thursday morning? since my \best\"" friend dogged out on me at the last minute i am now screwed   """
"last day of packing today!! tomorrow, loading and cleaning  friday, driving  no more computer for a little while now   "
sooo tired and my house is days away from being comfy and settled   
"well, the kids are off to their first day of nodak school, all bundled up on a big yellow bus   i'm kinda sad   "
oh my god the wqeather is terrible!! i was debating snow pants or no for the kids today and i think i chose wrong
i'm reading my first <propfirst> patterson book ever and i'm so annoyed  this guy is a best seller? his books are made into movies? i think he sucks
<propfirst> is puking and feverish  what a great time to be in transistion with insurance and doctors!! poor baby   
"<propfirst>'s still feverish but no throwing up yet, thank god  wonder what's wrong with him?"
have i mentioned how much i hate hard water?
makin' brownies   
got chocolate in my hair  boo 
watchin' speed  terrible acting but i can't help myself  sometimes we are addicted to the stupidest movies   
why is my 6-year-old a psychopath? he freaks out and throws tantrums where he just screams and screams  and screams and screams   
is it normal for my house to smell like diesel?
oh my god   did i really just see a commercial for chia-obama? i thought it was like snl for a moment but its real  i don't know whether to laugh or   i don't know   
ha! to all my friends in colorada that had all this shit to talk about north <propfemale> winters  not snowing here! highs in the 60's today!
"ok, so my water heater is not heating any water and i don't know what to do  i have investigated it with a flashlight and that's it for me! don't have a next step in mind really "
so now i know how to change a water heater element  i really hope this works   
"why does everyone assume i have cowboy clothes for my boys? i have to dress <propfirst> up for nursery school and i am doing my best despite not having cowboy boots or hat (which pretty much is the costume, right?)"
oh my gosh people actually trick or treat here!! i am bombarded from front and back doors  it's awesome!
what is it with people that hand out scary jesus pamphlets to trick-or-treaters on halloween?
i am up way too late again  still doing laundry and about to do some dishes  am i a devoted little hausfrau or what?
it's frickin cold today!
why does it seem like every choice i make is the wrong one?
it's so nice out here! i hope it lasts and lasts!!
having a lot of trouble keeping my thoughts and feelings to myself   i shouldn't have to 
"cool, my house is actually shaking as a train goes by! that's adventure right there!"
so i am banished to the bedroom for the evening because i don't care about (and actually hate) football  yay!!
"made banana bread, cleaned the bathroom, threw in a load of clothes   i'm on a roll today  what to do next??"
"home alone again   well, except for three children "
"i wonder, where are <propmale> and <propfemale>'s parents?"
why am i still awake!? i am addicted to watching movies that start late at night and hook me  tonight's was <propfirst> <propmale>  never get enough of <propfirst>   
"uh oh, grandma is coming over to visit! time to clean!! only when grandma is coming over to you look around your seemingly tidy house and notice what a mess everything is!!!!"
"great, can something else please just go wrong? <propfirst> hit a deer and totalled our one working vehicle  now we have no money and no car  yay lets pretend we're 19 again "
today i noticed my oldest's shoes are falling apart  shoes go to the top of the list   right above all the bills i can't pay anyway!
i am home alone!!! (that's a good thing   as long as <propfirst> pesci doesn't show up to try and <propmale> the place)
"check it out its called the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then left click the screen and magic red circles will appear on your screen  the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page   it does work! put this as your status if it works "
not much going on today  i think i should bake something  cookies or bars? tough decision   
i'm starting to get sucked back into watching charmed on tnt every morning again  i feel embarrassed 
"first solo trip to minot looming ahead of me,  i sure hope nothing stupid happens, like getting lost!"
"i think it's hilarious that i now live in a place that has a sign on every car wash stating \no deer blood in car wash!!\"""""
i am so tired of poop 
ok i haven't slept in about 31 hours so i think i am going to bed now   
i am all cracked out on hulu highlander   
i can't tell you how excited i am to meet the newest disney <propfemale> 
it's fun when your car gets towed away to a salvage auction and then later that day you remember your cds are still in the cd player   
"are kids supposed to fight with each other this much? i am going insane--they never get along, not for one minute of one day for years and years   "
my living room is a maze of pillow forts  gotta love days home from school!!
do i have to put up christmas decorations already?? is that like a requirement or something?
sometimes it's really hard being the only girl in a house full of boys 
finally got to watch gran torino 
"thinks swiper ought to stay on the naughty list! i mean, really!!"
"ugh, it's freezing cold out and snowing  time to make chili "
i wish i would walk into my kitchen and magically everything from supper would be cleaned up and dishes washed that must be what it's like to be a guy   things just seem to happen while you watch basketball  like magic   
"ok, it's cold  i get it  would it be weird to go around outside wrapped in a big quilt everywhere i go?"
porch thermometer says   16 degrees  looks like we've hit the high for today already!!
well at least it wasn't below zero when i got up today  just right at zero   brrrrrrr!
what a long day today  stupid <propfirst> is still broken 
lazy day today for everyone except me   
"christmas program tonight! it's gonna be so cute, i love these!"
"i keep getting an ad over here >>> that says \scholarships for moms\"" but underneath is a picture of a scary terrorist biker guy with long hair and beard scowling at the camera  is that what people think moms look like?"""
"why can't i ever sleep? i had about two hours of sleep last night and here i am up late again, when two hours ago i could barely keep my eyes open "
wow our high today is predicted to be -2  our high  wowza 
so i have learned that -11 feels pretty much the same as -2  it's all just booger-freezing cold  (sorry to gab so much about the weather )
fb is not working for me tonight  maybe it needs a good night's sleep  i know i do 
what happened to the notifications?
how many calories is chapstick?
wondering how <propfirst> can stand to  be so loud and energetic the second he pops out of bed in the morning  he's giving me a headache   
finally getting to read twilight  borrowed it from my 14 year old sister 
"done with twilight, now onto new <propfemale>   "
is feeling pretty grinchy today  or maybe scroogy   > annoyed 
finished with new <propfemale>  now onto eclipse  kinda worried i don't have breaking <propfemale>  what will i read tomorrow?
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'"
"why do companies feel the need to \improve\"" on things that are already good? i wanted to buy battleship for the boys and it looks all ridiculous now  and what happened to electronic battleship? can't find it anywhaere!!"""
got nothing i wanted to do done today so far   can't start making popcorn balls when you're waiting for a phone call!!
today is baking day!
such an annoying day    
is worried about taking the <propfirst> back to the mechanics tomorrow   hope it makes it there! and of course i'll have all the kids with me too! a little scary!
"i hate it when it takes longer to get the kids bundled up to play outside than they are actually willing to stay out there  takes ten minutes to get them all dressed, they only stay  out about 4   "
getting a ton of snow today! glad i am done driving around in it!
trapped in a blizzard!! might not be leaving the house 'til spring!
"home alone with the kiddos  my mom, sister, and husband are bunking with strangers tonight--the result of trying to drive on a night like tonight   sad "
don't know how much longer i will be able to open my back door  crazy big snow drifts!
i am bored  i am also in a bad sleeping trend of staying up late and getting up late  guess i should get up early one of these days to break that cycle?
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"i might start babysitting a little 4-year-old boy full time while his mom works, but i have no idea what to charge  does $20 a day sound fair?"
it's easy not to oversleep if you just never go to bed   
my mouth hurts   
it's too early   
"how do i become one of those care-free moms who don't care if kids trash my house and jump all over the couches, flinging pillows everywhere? i feel like i am just constantly picking up, picking up, picking up   is it mean to tell them that my living room is not a playground and make them play with their toys almost exclusively in their rooms?"
wow it's going to be super cold here for the next few days but then supposed to warm up to the high twenties!! i am excited for that!
"so i am going to the library later today and am out of ideas on what books to read next  any suggestions of authors, etc i might look for?"
i don't get how it can be sooo cold when the sun is shining sooo bright!!
grey
i wish it was friday already  i want a drink 
"what should i make with my pork roast? it's all thawed out, but i am sick of the,like, two ways i know of preparing it   "
"all the mommies out there, join the fun and repost this! what was your children's weight at birth? cayden was 7 lbs 4 oz, <propmale> was 7 lbs 11 oz, <propfirst> was 7 lbs 3 oz"
"ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> b kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall if you participated in the bra color game!"
lots to do today around the house  and yet here i sit   
what should i make for supper tonight?? i am drawing a blank   feels like i make the same five things over and over and i am sick of them all!!!
i'm bored bored bored bored    
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% won't copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
i can't even look at my kitchen right now it is such a disaster area! why can't little fairies come and clean it while i relax??? when will my kids be big enough to force into servitude in this area??
watching aladdin with <propfirst>  i don't think he gets it 
how do i stop hating cooking?
anyone ever watch charmed? what ever happened to <propfemale> being pregnant with <propmale>'s demon baby? i'm not sure if i am watching them out of order or what  and i frequently miss episodes 
"whatever you give a woman, she will make greater, give her sperm she will make a baby, give her a house she will give you a home, give her groceries she will give you a meal, give her a smile she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit    pass it along if you agree"
yes!!!!!! yay <propfirst>!!!!
facebook is boring me 
what a crazy day  i am an emotional wreck right now 
i had such wonderful dreams all night  it was so depressing to wake up and realize none of them were true   
so bored   
so i am up at the crack of <propfemale> because the boy i babysit was supposed to be here ten minutes ago  seems like i am always waiting around for these people 
got about 2-3 hours of sleep last night  i was reading the saddest book ever and could not stop!!
i need to snap out of this funk i am in!!! what's wrong with me??
"wow the very first charmed is on  too bad my only other charmed-watching <propmale> isn't on facebook, so i'm thinking no one cares   "
"keep this going    what was the #1 song on the day you were born? look it up at joshhosler biz-- copy and paste with your #1 song  mine is \my sharona\"" by the knack  that figures   """
so this doppelganger thing   i don't think i look like anyone 
why does it seem like <propfirst> banderas is the voice of the bumblebee on a nasonex commercial??
so what else is on sunday that i can lock myself in my room and watch ??
a lot of people are dumb  that sucks 
"put this on your status and see how your friends respond  if you know me well, you know that i am ____________, i love_____________, and i cant stand _____________ "
"got all my bricks, farmville friends!!!!!"
so the puppy got out and made me <propmale> him around and then the roof started leaking all over the tv and wii   
watching the snorks  so excited!!
watched true grit and saw a very young <propfirst> duvall and <propfirst> hopper 
"ok so my <propfemale> finally changed  i'm not finding it that horrible  different, yes  but whatever   "
anyone in colorado want to send me a few bags of <propfirst>'s bbq sunflower seeds? i have not found them anywhere here! i am addicted to them!
"i have had to resort to smearing vaseline on my poor dried out hands  lotion only stings and burns and makes red bumps  what's up with that? damn, winter, hurry up and end!!"
little <propfirst>'s very first school <propfirst>'s party was yesterday  he was so cute and excited showing off all his <propfirst>s 
"okay, farmville friends, i have all my harnesses and bricks! thanks! now i just need nails, boards, and horseshoes!"
help does anyone know how to edit applications? i am being dumb and can't figure it out 
i need a job  and i need tuesdays and thursdays off    and daycare   
"i really can't understand how an author like <propfemale> michaels is a \new york times best seller\""  my 9 year old could write a more interesting and coherent book than her   (i am scraping the bottom of my book barrel this week for reading materials )"""
who should i call???
how come you farmville friends aren't helping me e playful and my chicken coop?? please??
took the dog for an hour long walk  that was cold!
"listening to metallica, reading  it's a good combination, i swear   "
"farmville peeps--i only need one more friend to help e playful and my chicken coop  wish i could re-post that, but it should still be somewhere on my profile  last day!!"
got two jobs! which one should i take?
i shouldn't even have cable  i can never find anything on and this is the first time i even turned my tv on all day   (aside from cartoons for the kids this morning)
"dear farmville friends      do not click ok when you take eggs, <propfirst> gifts or collectables   when you do that you have blocked it and no one else can get the things   just click home, located in the top right-side corner  please put this on you status for a while so everyone can get to know it now    !!"
"my poor puppy will be leaving the house tomorrow intact and returning a little   altered  i feel so mean, but neutering is something i wholeheartedly believe in! go, <propmale> barker, go!"
long day of laundry here  why is it never never never done?
"watching \i survived\"" on the biography channel  scary stuff!!"""
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven "
just need 2 more helpers to e playful and my coop! thanks everyone 
i don't want to go to bed because then tomorrow will be here instantly and tomorrow is gonna suck!
"todays game - place of   birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where   your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your  profile,  then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence  <propmale>, nd "
"everyone who can see this  please re post it so it can go worldwide - ok? help fight these scams!  stop joining free stuff groups! they do nothing but let hackers in and  cause problems with facebook, you will not get anything free  zynga has  already advised that they are not the originators of these scams  please  copy and paste  if you join do not invite me"
i need a break   
"is a cook, a housekeeper, a  parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handy man, a maid,  security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off, i  work through the day and some of the night, i am under paid and over  worked now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if  you're a mom "
i don't wanna   
i opened my windows today! yay!
hates his guts
i feel like i have been cleaning up poop and puke for days   
poor <propfirst>   
hoarders make me mad  just clean your damn houses already! does everyone have to use mental illness as an excuse for every behavior???
baking cookies at midnight   
"i think i am staying up all night tonight  no sense in getting 3 hours of sleep, right?"
packing like crazy  this is hard to do alone  lots of trips up and down stairs   
"just so i understand this  you pass the  north korean border illegally you get 12 yrs hard labor,you pass the  afghan border illegally you get shot you pass the american border  illegally you get a job, driver's license,allowance for a place to live,  health care, education, billions of dollars spent so you can read a  document  we <propfemale> passports in other countries or face jail time   repost this if you agree"
"trying to settle in  phones are temporarily shut off, sorry folks   "
excited for glee tonight  nph yay!
i want a real day off   
what a day!
i have a bed now!
i don't want to get rid of my dog  no fair 
why am i still so fat!!!!!!!!!!!????????
"ok zit remedies! help, i feel like a teenager again! what the heck is up with my face???  how do i get rid of these two monstrosities that are keeping me up at night!?"
i guess i am taking my dog back to the pound tomorrow   have to admit i am pretty devastated   
is it possible to die of hopelessness?
"gotta get up at 4 smile 0  yes, a m    probably should have gone to bed around 6, but   "
fb is being a piece of crap today   
i can't get on frontierville! i am so frustrated! something is just randomly wrong with my computer again   
my computer has been screwed up for days now  really frustrating  can't figure out what could've made it act up again   
cold mountain still makes me so sad!
i am in love with my pandora   
"i am so jealous of my mom right now, she's visiting in colorado and i couldn't go because of stupid work,,,"
so annoyed--just had to throw away two loaves of bread and a pack of hamburger buns and hot dog buns--all completely stale when i just bought them like 2 days ago   now what am i supposed to make for lunch?
why why why can't i go to bed early?
"must force myself to get to bed   must have at least 4 houof sleep   on a good note, i passed my cna exam so i guess i didn't screw up as badly as i thought!"
"why is <propfirst> singing \i'm only gonna break break break break break your heart   \""? where does he get this stuff? damn kids bop commercials   """
"<propfirst> lohan--who? i can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something year old  here are a few 20 year olds worth knowing about:justin <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29,matt weikert 29, justis bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26,matthew <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, <propmale> tate 27 these 20 somethings gave their lives for you this week  repost if you support our military"
love love love days off!
don't want to go back tomorrow   
to frontierville friends: i'm growing pumpkins if anyone needs to tend some 
this house i looked at is what's on my mind  it's a dump but for some reason i almost love it   i think i am just desperate to get out of here   
must children eat supper every night? what a chore   
well i'm out of luck  they totalled the <propfirst> out at about $1000 less than what i owe  good thing i live 25 <propmale> from work   
i need a break from these kids other than going to work!
"is bored, hot, and headachey   "
i can't seem to get the smell of crap out of my nostrils today   
is scared to try these home-made pickles   
i have spent the last 15 minutes trying to get to stupid frontierville  my potatos are going to rot--again!! i hate my crappy internet   
"my one day off tomorrow and here i sit, alone and bored   "
"how funny, the two younger boys were almost late for school because they discovered a frog on their way   "
big day today   i am an aunty now! also now dogless    happy and sad all at the same time!
i'm so tired  how can i stay awake?
i am so bored
i am losing my way   
"october\ 2010:this october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays, all in 1 \month it happens once in 823 years  paste this on your status and money \will appear in 4 days  based on chinese fengshui  whoever stops this \will e playful erience none! (i can't afford to        risk it) lol"
why does facebook fail to amuse me at all anymore?
something horrible is happening   
damn it feels good to be a gangster   
think i want a nap after a day scaling the nightmare pile of crap in the shed in search of snow boots and coats for winter   but my feet are so cold i don't think i could fall asleep!
wow! almost forgot parent-teacher conferences are tonight  what a pain in my ass   like i have time for this crap!
need a new job
what on earth am i doing here? why can't i decide anything? what do i wanna be when i grow up?
"a\ friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, what name brand \you wear, if your house is a mess, where you live, about your past, or \if your family is filled with crazies, they love you for who you are  a \true friend can go long periods of time without speaking    but    \never    question the friendship     re-post this if you have at least \one true friend, they will know who they are!"
"i have never had, let alone met, a goal! help? stupid interviews  what kind of goals do real-life people have and meet?"
i wanna go home   at least to visit  i'm grumpy and sad lately 
"i still need all you guys to come up with anecdotal goal meeting and conflict resolution junk for me to say at interviews! come on people, i know you can be creative! help me out here, i'm too stressed to think!"
my ten year old wants a girlfriend for christmas! ew!
i really hate job interviews  i just decided that 
freakin' out  sad? happy? scared? yes 
another interview this morning  everyone send good thoughts!
"so here's a question: if i wrote someone a check in july and they still haven't cashed it, can they ever?  it doesn't say anywhere on the check that it's only good for a certain amount of days or anything  i'm wondering if i should add that money back on in my register and assume it's never gonna be cashed? i would rather they didn't, honestly, and i don't talk to them anymore so   ???"
"change\ your profile picture on facebook to one of your favourite cartoon \characters from your childhood  the aim of the game? to no longer see \human heads on facebook but a true invasion of childhood \memories     just for a week!"
why can't thinking about exercising have the same result as actually doing it?
i always forget how much i love ruthless people   ?
online bitching at sync services  damn thing is more trouble than it's worth most of the time!!
"sooooo nervous to start my new job tomorrow  i know there's nothing to be nervous about and i'll be just fine, but my body doesn't want to hear that  i am so tense and my stomach is churning   i hate nerves!!"
"spent christmas <propfemale> and christmas day working as a cna in a nursing home in <propmale>, nd  if i couldn't spend the day with my kids, at least i feel good about where i was  those people need people like me!"
ok the plan is to be in colorado tuesday night  i'm getting my very own christmas vacation!
i'm home
yay the kids are finally home!
"everyone, stop whining about the cold weather! i live in north <propfemale>, i win, the end!  smile "
