e80444d26190a0ebca95ca68581fea14
what is love?    who knows anymore    
love is: finding your way through pain and realizing that everything's going to be fine
jesus is my everything!
"gonna go worship my savior today!! then gonna watch a movie [dont know which one yet, something on netflix though]  love "
"omg! i met a guy!!! he's amazing! hopefully this will work out, so yeah i'm going out with him again tonight!  love  i am starting to fall for him already and it's only been 2 weeks, hehe we'll see "
"i wondered to myself why no one else had seen him standing so far away, before he was suddenly, impossibly saving my life  with chagrin, i realized the probable cause — no one else was as aware of <propfirst> as i always was  no one else watched him the way i did  how pitiful \<propfemale> swan  from twilight "
ugh i hate freaking fake people
loving this life of mine
"my favorite quote ever! \why am i covered in feathers?\"" from the book breaking <propfemale>"""
4 days till christmas!!!! what are your plans?? i'm spending it with my family  smile 
when one door closes   god always opens another one
"ugh    why do people want to scam others? ugh lol it's so funny, the scammers think i'm an idiot    sheesh   but i can see right through their bad english and even worse lies   "
i love the twilight saga hehe   i'm re-reading breaking <propfemale> [the 4th book] and wow    it is the best book in the series   i  love it!!!  love 
ugh i hate it when people freaking ask me for money    sheesh   and even if i say no they still keep asking    oy   they suck
live like there's no tomorrow   love 
watching the superbowl with the hubby   go packers!!!  smile 
going to enjoy this beautiful day today  smile 
happy valentines day  love 
"hey all my farmville friends, i'm trying to get enough valentines to buy the heart fountain, i only need 43 more valentines, can you please please please help me out and send me some valentines  smile  thanks y'all  love  happy v-day!!!"
writing a book  smile  i'll post the link when i put it online  smile 
as a result of us needing neighbors for games  i need you here  i am glad to count you as good neighbors  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who    really does <propfemale> good neighbors
it's snowing today here in redding ca!!!!  smile  i love the snow  love  it makes me feel like a little kid again  love 
oy   i'm bored    lol
why cant it be like <propfemale> and <propmale>?  crying 
ugh   i'm so dang bored    no one to chat with and i'm starting to get bored again with my games   ugh    
i am not playing farmville or cafeworld or any of the games anymore    i do not have time for them   so if you play those please do not send me any more requests   ciao
live laugh love  love 
"when i travel, the first place i dream of going to is <propmale>!!! i cant wait!!!  love "
just chillin right now   it's rainy and cold out    so i'm inside worshiping my savior  love 
gonna upload some videos  smile   love 
writing chapter 9 in my book  smile 
watching army wives  love  love it!
oh my good lord some people are real idiots     they try to insult [key word is try because they fail] lol oh its so funny    hahahahahahaha
in 2013 i will watch 2012 and laugh   laugh 
"okay so i've survived y2k, then 9 11, plus h1n1      uh-huh 2012 is gonna be a breeze!!!"
k lets make a bet if the world doesn't end in  2012 you owe me money  if it does i owe you  like it if you get it  wink 
watching army wives  love 
"celebrated my husband's 21st birthday last night  love  it was really good, i made an awesome dinner  smile  cant believe he's 21 now  laugh  yay"
"wow! last night was totally crazy! had drinks with my husband    lol it was fun but not something i do all the time, this is the second time in my life where i've had more than one drink lol oh wow  playful  crazy"
"totally cant wait for tonight, going on a double date with my husband, father in law and his girlfriend  smile  gonna be fun"
"my weekend is going great so far, yesterday was so much fun  laugh "
"oy i've been so busy, anyway today i'm writing and hopfully going to finish chapter 11 in my book  love "
"its been <propfemale> almost everyday this week so i've been out walking, lol got a nice sunburn on my arms and chest    ouch   but its been fun  love  its supposed to rain on tuesday though, darn it   hopefully it clears up by thursday though coz i have appointments that day and i have to walk"
just wrote a note of updates hehe
watching army wives  love   love   love  and praying for my sister 
"watching tangled with my daughters  love  it is such a cute movie  it's a kid movie but hey i'm a kid at heart so i'm allowed to like it lol  on the to do list for today: baby-sitting, cleaning, and going for a walk \ smile "
ugh   i feel like crap   i hate spring colds    i have to get rid of this cough   ugh    
watching army wives  love   love   love 
getting ready for bed
"went shopping for easter today, got my girls some adorable easter dresses  smile  and some <propfemale> and eggs for their baskets  love  now all we have to do is find a ride to church on easter   here's hoping"
"took new pics today  smile  now i'm making dinner, making meat loaf, pasta and green beans  smile  yummy   hopefully gonna watch a movie tonight, might watch twilight hehe\ love "
"going shopping with my mom today, getting diapers, and hopefully food for tomorrow's dinner, i want to make my infamous chicken enchiladas, yummmmmy lol hopefully i'll have enough money  love "
"making home made tortilla chips, and then coloring eggs for tomorrow with my little girl  smile  she's excited about coloring eggs  love  home made tortilla chips are healthier for me than the bagged crap and they taste amazing!!!"
happy resurrection day everyone!!! jesus is risen  love   love   love  praises to him! he is alive!!!
"soooooooooooooo tired   going to bed soon, night  love "
gotta walk another 2-3 <propmale> today    oy    
"well today has been good, my mom came and got me so i didnt have to walk to the bank, i will probably walk to the sundial bridge tomorrow i'll post pics of it, it's the pretiest bridge here in redding california  love "
