777c599d5aa608e7517d4f2fa59796f1
candlejack is fucking in this hou
going to another party today!    i think 
"is the devil and messiah of the capital wasteland  weird how that works out, huh?"
is a scavenger that feeds off the stress and anger of other people 
hates giant flying monkeys with lasers and spike guns    fuck
couldn't sleep last night    her face haunted my dreams 
is wondering why myspace im just randomly popped up and opened twenty empty chat rooms 
fuck  i just wasted all my printer ink  thanks alot college  -_-
i hate writing essays  they're fucking stupid 
"ah, folk metal    you are now officially my favorite genre "
ugh  so bored    i sometimes hate not having school on friday 
"where <propmale> thou, sweet lilith of my dreams?"
anybody that says miley <propmale> has good music is a troll 
ugh  i fucking hate texting sometimes 
still hates essays 
"apparently, if you cough up blood all the time, nothing bad is going to happen "
athiests have their own dating service now  haha!!
"\twilight of the thunder god\"" - the only amon amarth song i can partially understand """
"i'm nicer than <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and skippy? there's something wrong with the stupid niceness contest "
> sad 
hm 
i'm starting to think i have really bad paranoia 
q: how can you tell if a white man is middle class?
"is doing a research paper on the crusades, which is fine with me "
 love  moonsorrow
is enjoying some delicious turkey and gravy   love 
monday tomorrow  that means english 101   sad 
"wenches and mead! more wenches is what i need! ah, pirate metal  so laughable "
writing essays and studying for finals    that's what i should be doing  but i'm not 
crap  i drank mah mds too fast  here comes the stomach aches  ach     sad 
"who turned in their fiction writing assignments with one fucking minute to spare!? me, that's who!                 i need to stop procrastinating "
now i remember why i don't play cod games online  i don't have the fucking <propfemale> for it! ><
http annoyed  www drewbarnard com blog media images post_2008-11-20_1_1 jpg
three of a kind bitch!
tonight should prove to be    interesting 
i stayed up until 5 for no reason this morning  argh!
<propfemale> fox sucks more <propmale> in an hour than a prostitute on black friday 
great  i left my eggrolls out too long  now they're cold   sad 
"if there's anything i hate more than an emo, it's those damn feral ghoul reavers  everytime i see one    ffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-"
"what happens when you mix a giant squit with a giant pink riendeer hell bent on eating souls? i don't really know, but it would be pretty fucking messed up "
pirates = epic pwnage  srsly
i just bought myself the awesome promo blue eyes white dragon  i'm now complete   laugh 
"re-watching a video that has a moan off isn't a good idea when your parental figures are still nearby, especially when they got the wrong idea of what you were watching the first time around "
i just tried listening to a paramore song to see what the hype over <propfemale> <propmale> was all about  her singing is mediocre at best and she looks like your average red head (which is a hair color i don't think is very attractive on a girl)  everybody has their opinions i suppose 
"here's some funny stuff from friend faqs: somebody thinks i scored over 1500 on the sats when, in fact, i have never taken the sats  somebody also thinks i've never cheated on a test  oh lawdy, are they wrong "
i was not staring at your butt! i was admiring your back pockets 
is getting a haircut in a few days  i'm getting tired of the white stuff all the time 
"i hate app invitations  if i want to use an app, i'll do it when i feel like it, not when somebody invites me to it "
"my wireless internet is finally on  if xbox live lags because of it, i'm going to be pissed "
"fucking shit fuck  i wait a week for a game add-on to come out today, wake up early so i can get some ms points before school, and get home at 7pm only to find out the damn thing gets delayed  fuck "
"first candle <propfirst>, and now slender man  ugh  this is getting redicu"
tomorrow is monday  wonderful 
eating nachos and this strangely delicious cheesey salsa stuff 
i apparently look like <propfirst> lennin from the beatles 
had an amazing and confusing dream last night  and i hate styes 
writing a story for fiction writing that i should have done over the weekend 
my phone is retarded  it doesn't let me add smileys without messing them up   sad 
an emo that does hip hop and rap music just sent me a friend request  there's something wrong with that 
there are a few things that would make today better  *wink wink*
so tired  but i can't sleep  ugh 
is bored out of my mind  there's nobody to <propfemale> out with between 3 and 4   sad 
eating <propfirst> 'n' the box  *sigh* this day could have been so much better 
visits from friends at 10pm are a great way to end the weekend 
had a fun day today   smile 
is having a surprisingly fun time defending kelso against vancouver's assholeiness 
"switzerland is better than canade because they have swiss chocolate, swiss cheese, swiss banks, and better free healthcare "
"<propmale> out with some friends, played more halo 3, went to <propfemale>'s at one in the morning, and drank more mountain dew  time to pass out "
"just downloaded the entire e nomine discography  that's over 100 new songs and a gig and a half of epic <propmale> latin techno trance  and for some reason, an hour long music video that can't play on my ipod and is all in <propmale> "
you know the world is screwed when the children are yelling at their nintendo ds and throwing a fit when their pokemon miss an attack 
"\every black guy is a rapist \"" - some tv show that was on when i walked by """
 surprise 
sammi: have you heard of any good rpg games? me: like what? sammi: <propfirst> and <propmale>  me: *snicker*
curls always did have a strange appeal 
"ok, so i'm following a battlemage    *sees blood on floor* *stops and looks up* *sees spikes on ceiling* *looks at battlemage* the floor rises up with the battlemage on it  bye-bye battlemage  -_-"
"\under the branches of dead trees you sit and listen to dead birds the night leaves you believing in nothing your body shivers from the cold and you won't find your way back when your eyes get used to the dark\"""""
"tonight was epic  \spin the kitty!\"""""
my ears are still ringing  that means it was a good show 
"i've noticed that whenever a friend of mine is going through an emotional stage, i'm playing halo 3"
"tonight, <propmale> out with one of my best friends and the red neck  later today    amon amarth  live!"
this weekend was amazingly kickass  but now i get to read the death of <propmale> ilyich  fml
"i hate this in-depth reading shit  i should have to read something for enjoyment, not all that fucking anilytical (did i even spell that right?) crap!"
i'm pissed off and i don't even know why  ugh 
chips for breakfast  yum 
"i was out slaying vampires to accumilate a vast fortune when, to my dismay, i became one of the fowl beasts  i soon began a quest that forced my to travel the world, sent me into the depths of oblivion, and battle a powerful vampiric lord to obtain the items neccassary to craft a cure for my unholy plight  later, i went fishing and was almost eaten by a giant fish "
mmm    mint brownies   laugh 
"mtn dew livewire, chips (instead of the cake that mysteriously dissapeared   ), halo 3, and kse    tonight is good  minus the part about the vanishing cake "
"if you have a problem with someone's taste in music, how about instead of complaining about it, you shut the fuck up, leave them alone, and go listen to your own damn music "
i'm half asleep and then starled awake when i feel my entire body and bed just vibrate  it was fucking crazy 
"all i need on this strange night: my metal, my shotgun, and my purple hovercraft "
"halo: reach beta, mother fuckers!!"
it's a trap!
"once you accept it, the dark side is with you forever"
well this day just keeps getting gayer 
this week sucked and the weekend ain't looking much better 
random xbox live kid comment of the day: 'my butt hurts!!!' x6
note to self: think before acting 
just spent the day with pruitt and <propmale> fucking stevenson walking down some train tracks  and spent a few minutes in a trunk  good times 
good aspect of today: it's leopold's birthday  everything else about today can go fuck itself 
"a shitty and dissapointing weekend and six energy drinks later, i am done with my essay!   "
"sanguine, my brother "
watch in horror as i rip you apart!
"today is give <propfirst> a new name day  so far i've been called <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and    *gag* <propmale>  so bring on the new names!"
"my computer has a <propmale> virus  my virus protection norton 360 didn't do crap about it  if there's anything anyone could do to help or advice, i'd appreciate it "
bow chika bow wow   
i forgot how much the orthodontist sucks  all the stuff they put in your mouth just to replace a retainer makes you feel violated 
lost the cable today because it was getting e playful ensive  i don't mind but my cousins are crying over it  it's pathetic 
imperial legion soldier vs  two mage guild battlemages  who wins?
burning shit for the win 
no better way to get out your frustration than punching stuff    on oblivion 
i got my computer back   laugh 
i got <propmale>'s inferno! finally    time to go to hell   laugh 
i just checked out a book from the <propmale> college library  it's due june 3rd  today is june 9th    -_-
"today is the spring fling at <propmale> and there's music  some guy behind me is saying that if the song was on guitar hero, it would be an average solo   "
"\i die so that democracy may live \"" - <propfemale> prime"""
your cruel words hurt my manly feelings! all one of them 
just burnt <propfemale> <propfemale>'s the family!!  laugh  i love fire   love 
"gear of war 3 - awesome\\fable iii - amazing\\halo: reach - orgasmic (space battles!!)\\call of duty: black ops - video game's equivalent of the saw movies  one gets shat out every year and nothing new happens"
done at <propmale> for the quarter! and then i got to sit around for over an hour and do nothing because someone wasn't here like they were supposed to be  -_-
"at prairie's graduation! congrats to <propfirst> kabat, cap'n <propmale> tappan, and <propmale> fucking stevenson!"
"also congrats to <propfemale> doty! the last message didn't have enough room for your name, so you're getting your own!"
going through bg while wearing a slipknot mask and blasting techno while <propfirst> is wearing a japanese mask   thing  good times  good times   
mass effect 2 or sleeping  hmm    i'm gonna have to go with me2 this time 
for dio!!!!
off to blue lake for the next two days!
"while playing xbox, my cousin is watching music vids on youtube  looking over at them every now and then, i've concluded that emofags try too hard to be metal "
junk mail keeps coming for someone named <propfirst> <propmale>  no one by that name lives in my house  it's very confusing 
"i just found out that while i'm the grey fox, i can kill as many people as i want and be completely innocent as the hero  i love oblivion!"
tonight = best 4th of july ever 
i've got a bit to think about 
"some kid thinks i'm wierd because i'm so quiet  unlike the dumb kid, i don't feel the need to constantly talk about stupid things and yell for no reason "
had an awesome day at lewisville  except for my feet  my feet are more or less dead right now 
gag me with a jagged <propmale> spoon 
"i feel like i just got handed a big \fuck you \"""""
today wasn't a complete waste  gotta <propfemale> with a good friend for an hour  good times 
watching scary videos on youtube and reading creepypasta on  x  when you're bored is never a good idea when you have slight paranoia  damn me and my continuing to do this  though other people being around making noise kills the e playful erience 
blood runs deep  fear runs even deeper 
"i just saw the cat that lives in my yard  it was staring right at me through the window  the damn thing has lived through all the snow storms, ice overs, and whatnot over the past few years  it's probably a demon cat "
would you die for heavy metal?
"ah hell, why not  bandwagon: like the status, tell you what i like about you, ect "
nothing feels better than making an illegal immigrant child get angry 
"as soon as i sat down, my video started playing  damn, i've got good timing "
"i need want a job more than ever now  i feel like getting me the new xbox 360, which is going to run $400+  fuck "
"all morning, i've been on youtube, listening to metal and finding new bands via the suggestion bar  today has been good so far "
i'm playing <propfemale> wars: kotor  nostalgia is a great thing 
"like this status if you remember me saying \this makes me want to punch a gay black jewish baby in the face \"" \",777c599d5aa608e7517d4f2fa59796f1,"i don't know why, but it's annoying to me when you're telling someone something that happened a long time ago and that you're over it, and all they can say is \i'm so sorry that happened!\"" i dunno  i guess they just don't know what else to say """
"just got done cleaning my room  son of a bitch, it gets hot in there "
second rule of metal: play it loud!
i come down stairs to see what? my grandma watching n'sync music videos  that's what i get for showing her youtube 
my grandma is giving away two 14-inch tires for a saturn  anybody need them?
i keep hearing a loud buzzing sound  so i'm either going crazy or it's out there somewhere 
"i get rickroll'd, even in my dreams  fml"
i would kill for a death metal radio station right now 
"give them nothing, but take from them everything!!"
"i need the sci-fi guys to help me out here: i've been seeing two questions pop up lately on a forum i frequent: halo vs  <propfemale>craft and halo vs  <propfemale> wars  what do you guys think?\\(halo gets its ass handed to it against both)"
"i'm home alone, the lights are off, i'm feeling slightly paranoid again  hmm   \\creepypasta time"
"oh, internet  how boring my life would be if you did not exist "
"has anyone heard of the mosque community center that's being planned on getting built near ground zero next year? if you have, what's your thought on it? i for one don't have a problem with it  unless known members of it (after it's built) start running out into the street and blowing shit up, then i will have a problem \\please note i said near ground zero, not on  there's a difference "
"like\this if i have ever made you smile in your life  then, set this as your\status, & see how many people you made smile  "
you know you're bored when you decided to fight slaughterfish with hand to hand on oblivion 
"my ears are feeling a <propmale> annoying  the cure? some mother fuckin' moonsorrow, that's what "
you never fully realize how important someone is to you until they've walked out of your life 
"bloodshot eyes, metal skin  serpant's tounge, dagger claws  dragons wings, crooked horns  <propmale>! \\god, i love satyricon "
i'm in the mood for crushing the dreams of children 
"oh my god, this cock and balls is so good! there's cream all over my face and everything!"
tits  a fish  a fish with tits  tittyfish 
i just saw the trailer for the human centipede movie  that is the most fucked up thing ever
"ever been in the mood to crank up the metal and fuck something up? i am right now  i've got the metal, but theres nothing to fuck up  argh"
everyone smells like nosack!
"baked, seasoned brocolli    hm  not too bad "
"well, that's just fucking pissy "
"\real men hide their feelings  why? because it's none of your fucking business!\"""""
"argh  i keep forgetting what i'm doing this week and mixing it up with other stuff  way to go, me  way to go "
"clam chowder, ritz, and starbursts for lunch! now all that i need is some mountain dew "
"two prostitutes are working a corner  one says \tonight is going to be a good night! i can smell the cock in the air!\"" the other says \""sorry that's my breath \"""""
tonight sucks 
"\this is how we say stick in america: baseball bat!\"""""
i just noticed my family went to bed  it's 9 o'clock  huh 
"\that is what forgiveness sounds like  screaming and then silence \"""""
"i love my new giant lighter  whenever i light it, there's always a small puff of smoke and the size of the flame is changable   smile "
i'm seeing things move out of the corners of my eyes and hearing sounds  damn you creepypasta!
i have officially not used the microwave in two weeks  i'm so proud of myself   laugh 
"i have decided that the dunwich building on fallout 3 would be the perfect place for some creepypasta  that, or slenderman's lair "
i love the pint-sized slasher!
"after playing through fallout 3 for the fourth time, i really want to kill dr  <propfemale>  she's a bitch "
"e playful endables is the greatest movie ever! even better than avatar (yeah, that's right <propfirst>  i went there) "
i have come to realize my lawn mower is a piece of crap and i wish i could smash it with a sledgehammer  or blow it up   
my nose has been brutally raped by a horrible tv dinner stench  blegh 
"going camping at mirror laike today  should be fun!\\p s  <propfirst>, try not to die while i'm gone   playful "
ugh  i'm going to have nightmares for weeks now 
i'm in the middle of no where and i still have phone service??! what the fuck tmobile??
"\i want to lick your ear \"""""
there is water  under the tent  and it's leaking in  fml
i get an entire pizza to myself  yum 
i have a craving for mountain dew right now  haven't had it in weeks  damn me and my addiction 
there's a bunch of mormons standing outside best buy  hahahahahahahahaha!!!
halo reach legendary edition    i own it 
coffee for an all nighter with reach? i think so 
 sad 
a saturday night should not feel like a monday morning 
"is it mature to call someone immature only to look in that person's general direction and mouth \you guys are stupid?\"""""
"i hate it when i try to do something that i want to do, but i'm not in the mood for it  it's frustrating  \\on an unrelated note, bacon for dinner!"
"\my stomach had the rumblies  rumblies that only hands could satisfy \"""""
there are two cars sitting outside my house on the street  they're both empty  hm  investigation time 
fighting halo reach skirmishers is like prison rape  they force you into a corner and attack from all directions 
almost got ran over  good thing i've got quick reflexes  sometimes 
i'm not a warrior  i'm a man 
i love it when classes are canceled  it's more time to do    nothing  awesome 
the bakers are trash talking eachother across the street  'twas entertaining 
i sometimes wish i could speak finnish so i knew what the fuck moonsorrow is singing 
"dear god, european chocolates are amazing  except ones with coconut  blech "
"everytime i play firefight on halo reach, i hear in my head \there was a firefight!\"""""
my first update from my new laptop 
killing people during race on halo reach gets satisfying results 
"installing firefox and itunes  after that, moving all my music over from the desktop to my laptop  fun day ahead "
"\the flower is crawling up my urethra! and singing! the flower is singing as it crawls up my urethra!\"""""
wireless internet is really shitty for trying to wathc videos  > sad 
there are now supposedly mexican pirates  i guess they probably travel around on wooden rafts 
<propfirst> and i: losing for most of the match  our two team mates left  we make a comeback  final score after the timer runs out: 42 to 37 
being sick sucks   sad 
thinking about the past brings up a lot of mixed feelings 
"oh rain, how i have missed you "
my grandma just flipped me off because i asked her how she was doing on her math homework  it's these family moments i <propfemale> most   
"philosophy is an interesting class  confusing at times, but interesting "
"<propmale> out with <propfirst>, bought a dozen doughnuts, got followed by a <propfemale>, and walked through the woods guided by the light of the <propfemale>  'twas a good night "
doughnuts for breakfast? i think so 
church and then home to do more philosophy homework  fun day ahead   
baby back rips for dinner  ahhhh yeeeaaahhhh 
you do not question the power of the mother fucking blue-eyes white dragon!
"\penis  fuck me sideways \"" \""hail to the penis king!\"""""
slayer
at the pop culture zombie party  it should be pretty fun 
biscuits and gravy at <propfirst>'s is fucking delicious!  laugh 
"you know today is going to be an interesting day when \california gurls\"" is stuck in your head """
"tacos, coca-cola, yu-gi-oh!, halo:reach, modern warfare 2, metal, and fire with <propfirst>  oh yeah "
"\i wake up in the morning and take a step outside  i take a deep breath and i get real high!\"""""
"i have found out i like being out in the rain during the day  at night, not so much "
chocolate chip waffles  delicious 
"philosophy, then ncis, perhaps some reach afterward  sleep to top it all off "
this bathroom smells a lot like cinnamon 
i just love having dreams about something you know will never happen     sad 
i love happy tree friends 
damn  home made brownies are amazing 
today is officially my good samaritan day 
"i just walked past two young girls dancing against trees like they were poles  the next generation isn't only stupid, but they're also slutty "
it feels nice getting over 12 hours of sleep  now time for cinnamon toast crunch and sprite 
"tonight, the veil is thinned, and the spirits of the past wander free  and what am i doing? philosophy  if i get done with that, party!"
yes!!! i found my glow in the dark skeleton gloves!
"what do you call 10,000 furries lying facedown in a ditch?\\a start "
"i hate the feeling when you miss someone, but you know you'll never see them again "
it's sad all the people that actually believe the myth that hair grows back thicker the more you shave it 
just listened to all of moonsorrow's discography  all six hours of it  i can't wait for their new album  and their next us tour   
just finished a rampage against insects  that grasshopper did put up one hell of a fight 
studying time  blech
nap time 
"everyone has a reason for doing something  sometimes, it's not the something that is questioned  it's the reasoning behind it we want to understand "
nothing reminds me of my dislike of small children more than when there's a bunch running around my house  -_-
why does it look like a stack of pancakes with peanut butter on top?
"i'm the highest rank in the lobby, and what i'm stuck with on my team? a bunch of warrant officers "
"beatiful, cleansing rain "
i have come to the conclusion that female metal vocalists are the best vocalists 
elite slayer makes even the gayest maps fun 
the first three seasons of destination truth are on hulu  this gives me something to do this weekend   smile 
"for those who played oblivion, what did you imagine mannimarco (the necromancer leader) would look like?"
"oh em gee, the snow is actually sticking!"
"i would read creepypasta before i go to bed \\dammit "
too many skirmishers 
inception = mind rape
i love free food days 
"i have come to realize that many people don't know the difference between a \troll\"" and \""spam\"" and that sports fans can sometimes be frothing idiots """
leopold and i just got witnessed while waiting for the bus  fml
the earth almost ate me   sad 
"hobo is a large <propmale> shepherd with a camo collar  he was spotted around sw 6th st  & 20th ave  in battle ground, wa about 9 surprise 0a m  saturday, december 11, 2010     he is very friendly, micro-chipped, and not aggressive  if you have any information, please email operationbringhobohome@gmail com  please re-post!"
i didn't plan on sleeping tonight anyway   
yup  definately not sleeping tonight  damn creepypasta   sad 
"\are you telling me to impregnate morrigan with some magical sex rite?!\"""""
"decided to watch all of the marblehornets videos again \\sleeping might be a bit of a chore tonight "
i wish my cough would go away   sad 
"after playing through dragon age again, i'm wondering how much inspiration bioware got from japan   "
my cough is finally going away  looks like i didn't need anyone's healing powers after all 
"when a judge sentences a child murderer to life in prison instead of the death sentence on the grounds that living in fear of the general population is a better punishment, you know something is being done right "
"time to sit back and relax with my doritos, mountain dew, and fable 3 "
i love the idea of a personal army of giant robots 
you know it's going to be one hell of a day when you're fighting off assassins and giant ants  at the same time 
"just bought oblivion, game of the year edition on the pc for $20  my life is complete "
i laugh at the people who are afraid of needles 
i sometimes think god hates me 
"come with me  there's something you need to see, in front of the dinosaur "
creepypasta time 
"even on video games, i suck at pool   sad "
"\you can sleep when you're dead \"""""
"\we've gone from socrates to snooki \"" one of the best lines i've heard on tv for a while!"""
whiggers  whiggers everywhere 
"amnesia: the dark descent = do want  \many bricks shall be shat while playing "
the misadventures at prairie high school never truely end 
"i just opened someone's eyes to the fact that not all metal is \screamo noise\"" as he called it  mission accomplished """
inception had better win the best picture <propfirst> award or i will be a very angry person 
am i the only one stuck with a perpetual one notification?
the bombing in the russian airport is being linked to mw2's no russian mission  what is this world coming to when real events are being compared to a video game?
the majority of music on the radio is bad! holy crap! it's depressing 
pizza pockets are freaking amazing 
random conversations will always start when you greet someone by typing their name in all caps  such is the case with <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> 
had an interesting time with <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> playing settles of catan  board game rpgs can be very entertaining 
creepypasta time  huzzah!
just did pump up the jam on dance central  ah yeah  such fun 
"\omggg guyz! teh black eyed peas ruined teh haf timez show! but den slash came on and saved it!\""\",777c599d5aa608e7517d4f2fa59796f1,how come every video player online seems to be a piece of shit?
"i get it, microsoft office  you're downloading the required files and may be unresponsive  but you don't have to remind me every ten seconds with a damn pop up!"
"just listened to \like a g6\"" for the first time  it was pretty crappy """
"ah, folk metal    what would i do without you?"
i always love finding music that's too beautiful for words to describe 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower    armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
"the show tonight was awesome  except for the screamo  far too much of that tonight  kudos to seeds of corruption for such a kick ass show, as always "
"downloading the dragon age 2 demo    it's supposed to take all night, according to the downloads list  damn this crappy wireless internet "
"i just used \meme\"" in a game of scrabble  i need to spend less time on the internet   """
"i'm watching a campaign play-through for the new game homefront  not even five minutes into the game, it's already pretty fucked up "
"man, don't you hate it when you think there's a spider crawling on you and you get all itchy and panic?"
"firefox for watching videos, google chrome for everything else "
