ec618e64ede02b5cd7b0edcfafdeabe1
happy new year to everyone!!!!!!  laugh 
i had over 90 emails from facebook when i checked them tonight 
is learning to integrat by parts
is learning to integrate*by parts
"has to have surgery on his foot tomorrow, april 7, at noon  ahhhhh!"
has been laid up all weekend from surgery 
is attempting to work on homework 
"has finished his spanish, but still has to do his chemistry and calculus "
is looking forward to an esay and fun weekend! woo-hoo!  smile 
doesn't know what to do with his free time since he is injured 
really wishes he had his license so he could go to the library and borrow the wheel of time 
finally got the first three wheel of time books from the library!
the doctor gave me the all go! my foot is healed!!!  laugh 
doesn't want to be sick anymore!  sad 
is sick of reading for english!
just got done helping his grandma have a garage sale and is glad his summer reading is done 
is waiting for itunes to convert all of his wma files 
finally got his ipod synched after downloading itunes twice because it didn't work the first time!  laugh 
has a splitting headache from a knot on the left side of his skull  how do you get a muscle knot on your skull?!?!
went to the ciropractor and got adjusted  his headache is gone!!!  laugh 
"'s brain doesn't want to work anymore, eventhough it knows there is homework to do "
thinks all american flags should be flown at half-staff today to remember all the heroes who gave their lives nine years ago  thank you to those living  may god bless the families of those lost 
"if you believe in jesus christ, put this on your wall  do not just ignore this  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, put this       on your wall  smile "
"if you believe in\jesus christ, put this on your wall  do not just ignore this  in the\bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you\in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test \if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, put this       on\your wall  smile "
house to myself  its so quiet   
why does my homework refuse to be done and over with?
"liked sleeping in on monday when he was sick, but is now regretting the amount of homework he has to do  also got my driver's test scheduled for oct  27! yay!"
homework! consider yourself conquered! bou yah!
"is glad the week is almost over, but asks himself \where did it go?\"""""
state marching band competition today!!
"going to see \carmen\"" in chicago tomorrow with my music theory class! i can't wait!  laugh """
had a great day in chicago yesterday!!  laugh  now off to homework and the usual  :-\\
got his licens on his first try!!!  laugh  then his car broke down the first time driving it   sad 
"\injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere \"" ~ mlk jr """
it's about time wisconsin got it's act together   smile 
"opening weekend!!!  laugh  tripod, here i come!"
is content with life 
looking for opinions: should i join the marines after high school? comment to let me know  thanks   smile 
"can't seem to get anything done tonight  who writes a 148 paragraph essay anyway, and why do we have to analyze it?"
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid, and their handicap is not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted and loved  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post and leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week  this is    in honor of all kids with special needs "
loves the online crossword at dictionary com  laugh 
"finds the writing prompt on the old act he recieved a complete joke and laughed out loud when he read it for the first time, and the second   smile "
glad the act is finally over   smile 
no homework that needs immediate attention  this is a good night   laugh 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  i had a great day  gotta love angel food cake!  laugh 
had great fun at pep band and musical auditions tonight!  laugh 
"is having trouble finguring out how to call the method of a string, which is frustrating because he doesn't know what he is doing wrong  grr "
ap chem rate law lab is complete!!  laugh  now to study for a mythology quiz for advanced composition   annoyed \
"unofficially, i got a 30 on the act  i'm not sure how i feel about that "
"i'm not random, i just think fast   laugh "
just applied at subway!!  laugh 
just spent two hours at culvers hanging with <propmale> and <propfirst>   smile 
"the green hornet was awesome!! a little shaky plot line to start, but amazing none the less   laugh "
way to go packers!!!!!!!!!!!! now for the super bowl   laugh 
couldn't give blood today beause it clotted up within three minutes of them putting the needle in my arm  kinda dissapointed   sad 
no school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"\god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference\"""""
"i'm a little boy with glasses, the one they call a geek; a little girl who never smiles cause i've got braces on my teeth  i'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last; you don't have to be my friend, but is it too much to ask: don't laugh at me, don't call me names, don't get your pleasure from my pain! in the eyes of god we're all the same  ? ~ repost for bully awareness  ?"
home sick from school today   sad  gonna use this opportunity to get ahead on my homework   smile 
"three hours later, and my homework still isn't done   sad  i hate being sick  it sends my productivity rate down the drain "
making progress!!!!  laugh 
"music theory done!!  laugh  though, it takes a lot of thought to add the soprano, alto, and tenor voices to just a base line  idk how i'm gonna manage ap chem now   annoyed "
got my homework done!!!  laugh 
is now driving around with a doughnut for a tire due to the fact that the normal one decided to go flat   sad  guess there's a first time for everything 
centerfold's on the radio!!!!!  laugh 
had an amazing day!!!!!  laugh 
"had a great time seeing gnomeo and <propfemale> with <propmale> miller, leavon <propmale>, and <propfemale> kelm last night!  laugh "
i believe in jesus christ and i have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to post this on their walls 
had an amazing day with friends at solo and ensemble!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  congrats to all going to state!
had a good time at musical rehersal  looking forward to band practice tomorrow  now to finish my advanced comp   smile 
had a great time at band practice   laugh  way to be guys!!!
 laugh 
"- the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  i'm against bullying, aren't you?"
"   the next time someone asks you if you are upset, slap them really hard and ask them if they're in pain  lol "
musicians block   annoyed 
musicians block   annoyed 
"after 7 5 hours, 73 measures, and a lot of synaptic activity   the <propfemale> is done   playful "
"no one will get this right!! my middle name is _____, i am __ years old, my favorite soda is ______, my full birthday is __ __ _____, my best friend is ____, my favorite food is ____, my favorite color is _____, and my mom's name is ____!!!! put this as your status and see who knows you best!!"
"had a great spring pause hanging out with all his friends  plus he bowled a 134, his highest game ever!!!  laugh  and he really doesn't want to go back to school "
is excited and unsure because he has so much more free time now that the musical is over  he is hoping to write plenty of music in said free time   playful 
the rythm guitar part is done!!!  laugh 
"had a great time attending a lecture on organic e playful losive compounds in the chem building at uw <propfemale>  the e playful losions rocked the house! (no pun intended, well, maybe a little   playful )  laugh   laugh   laugh "
thinks that coming up with a name is the hardest part of being in a band 
"only 55 hours, 36 minutes, and 30 seconds until new york!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
i amuse myself   playful  teehee
"only 33 hours, 35 minutes and 25 seconds until new york!!!!  laugh "
doesn't have as much free time as he e playful ected after the musical ended   and isn't sure why     playful 
first day back    i think i liked new york more 
