b7303b21dd2c68b4209c76c662317925
"damn, a man should only need to manage one girl  greed kills"
my drug of choice
lets get fucked up!
i <propfemale> straight?
i liket! abuse me
crazy as sister woke up early for homework help  man im a badass teacher  smile 
its boring
phone
don't play with the dead?
like these coronas aren't enough
<propfemale> one sexy chick
give budweiser its turn
<propmale> fruitbowl
lol this a funny novela
"i will not own my wife, i'll be there to make her happy the way a man should wtf"
the beginning is irrelevant? get to the end
9 beers    still not there
am i still drunk?
"\while driving this morning i saw a bannana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it    thanks <propfirst> kart\"" ha"""
rain  smile 
 smile 
"someone, always gets hurt"
get er done
oh i forgot to wake up
"so remember starting with coronas, some whiskey (<propfirst> daniels?), some space, and some modelos huh, yeah ending with some pozole after running from just one police car  yes an acceptable day"
i dont remember
"o im goofy? when u laugh ur happy, it sucks to not laugh?"
broke haha
"only when they need me, she"
"hahahaha, cops were looking for us, they found us! told him some people were trying to fight in some other apartment and they went there instead  laugh  man im good"
waiting for the one who is worth it? man what a bunch of bull
idiots
are all lips this tasty??
"hobos are funny, \hey can i bum a cigarette off u?\"""""
the truth is being tortured   
unconditional
inutil  how long have i been this guy??
ever feel like walking on the street and just fucking up the first    guy u see on the street? fuck man
"is it normal, if u get married with someone to e playful ect to get sum every night, for the rest of ur life? or i might just be a freak"
damn
a man forgives a woman's lies?
"oh yes good dream, time to wake up, eat sum rice and chile, and watch    a movie  laugh "
budweiser    2x24=   
    just 9?
taco fcc abana was a good finisher adios sd uckers ha
man these saw movies are awesome
rule #1 cowards lie
girls were meant to get naked
"i should go to sleep and dream i fucked someone up real good, i dont mind dream jail or hell hahahaha"
lose my mind
nap
cantiflas is the shit!
sick as a caterpillar
influenced
"p  luche, man that woman is sexy!!"
crazy ass bus driver    fun
nothing
but that was sombe good sleep
 smile  3 northern girls make me smile
ahh crazy little sister  smile  makes me wanna smack her in the back of her head
lol why not
<propfirst> escobar
"beans, riche, chile and a coke"
i'll quit my shit  for the right one
though to be a man
"prodigal son? does that shit apply to girls? \prodigal wife\"" bs"""
"but u used to be so smart, man what an acting thing to hear"
broken heart loves best
"paint, haha"
"alrighty, next missions is to watch everything about stargate  laugh "
yeah it's too early for this
"ha i love the way my grandparents talk, but man i shouldn't be having conversations with my mom right now"
lol quick recovery
i got plenty of opinions  wink  i'll take <propfirst>
"#4 smile  i've known u for 75% of my life, in 2030 it will be 90% all that time u have always been nice to me, and most likely i wasn't a few times to u yet u always smiled back, haha that smile is contagious, if egnna wasn't there, u would have been the first crush of my life, thou it doesn't mean ur 2nd to anybody  laugh  its nice to know were still in touch, hopefully one day i make u smile as much as u have made me"
"fien 1112: we always chilled at school doing homework, studying, getting smart  seems like now we chill in cars busting a cloud, drink in hand, getting stupid hahaha  lows and highs, conversations are always interesting, to have an equal rival is what its about, and in the future, we will both be in the top  guaranteed"
artistic mode: on
"i enjoy the ease of talking to u 1367  smile  as strangers u seemed the most willing to have a laugh or two haha ur definetly someone i would like to have a drink or maybe 9 in the future  o i do always enjoy ur forwards, and u might be going through some trouble, but times heals all, and u dont even gotta do shit  wink "
lol damn one day my littler sister wont be so little
"woke up, gonna make sum enchiladas, beans, no rice right now, drink a coke and watch something funny"
living stupid
"yuritzin, <propfemale>, ur <propfirst> should be in my phone"
"o, i've never boiled an egg"
"alright yeah, lets answer a shitload of questions hahaha, lets see what interesting bs"
had a dream about kool aid
hahaha am on that depressed shit too
but damn i love rice
ahhh! hope i don't fuck up my computer
was seeing stars  smile 
wtf!?! saw some chick perform in that <propfemale> show  sexy crazy interesting  i don't even know
o shit! and that 13 chick from house too   was moving crazy sexy  ok i should watch this regularly   o what?? ok i need to see tron
o my sister is beautiful  smile  retarded little girl
i need a raise
already! got a computer in the living room again  smile 
damn its not easy to tell u fuck u
days fly high
"body moves, my heart refuses"
*tear* hahahahahahaha
"i was going to have a wife, the right thing to do will never get what u want  fuck"
man ive been trippin
the perfect amount to sit back and really enjoy a movie by yourself hahahaha
good job good job
aa my mom is a bitch! lol what a surprise
laughter is a drug
a paradox is it
jealous girls!
yes i rather be stupid and laughing
am fat
i will live high high high
"man girls are just so sexy! yes all of them, o what dirty mind i got"
shit happens when people get bored
"alright ladies, i feel like poking all of yall ;p e playful ect it haha"
"aw shit i just finished poking a shit load of people hahaha\weird  wink "
<propmale> is a fruitbowl!
ok yeah i should sleep
 sad  tear hahahahahahahaha
ready to kick ass!
i massage myself
i need some mood altering drugs right now
rip coach hays
im a dirty dirty boy
hahahahhahahahahahahahahahah
very few can keep a secret    a secret
<propmale> muñoz : fien
"renaissance, whatever  playful "
out of my fucking mind!!!!! whoa hahahahahahahahhahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaa  smile 
<propmale> muñoz : fien!
 smile 
"aw shit my sister is 9  they had it right back then, puberty shouldn't hit til way later"
yup
today i munch on mole
"yup lucky me, no offense at all but why am i always having to deal with bitches?? i say that only to describe personalities, but man one day i wanna be with one nice girl  just one is all"
"reborn again! haha round 2, 3"
"yup yup this one is my sister, i come home at 4 am in the morning and she finally decides to do her homework\ smile "
"yup, again i realize this girl is like me: she has reached \fuck it\"" mode"""
weather  smile 
"i work to hard\need a raise  smile "
<propmale> muñoz & <propmale> garcia-sanchez : fiens 
satisfying day  smile 
rice & beans  its like they're having sex  and im eating it
thc
"the point is  everything just wants to have sex  \thats life yo"
hmm wtfs up with this syphylis thing??
"xx  + thc \ smile "
ahh women
am just tired
feeling good
need to chill just a little more haha
i should be a prisioner
gravy
to come to work well rested and sober   
"new skill: stop incoming sneezes\ wink  yes "
lol its only been 38 minutes  wink 
where the fuck to park
it went on nonstop  smile  pleased but now to chill
haha homework it is
yup my mind is not in the right place
blow green with a brew
waiting for the inpending doom but enjoying what i can yes
"all we need to have a happy life is food, shelter, and a loving family? people should value the simplest things dammit"
fuck!
what can i do with 7 dollars for two weeks?? ok time to bust out the creative business man i know i got inside of me
"it sucks pretty badly to be stopped by the cops, then they tell u to wait behind ur car with 3 cop cars facing u  it gets worse whenever they start going trough ur car with rubber gloves on, knowing that something will be found  it ends well when they leave u off with a warning, tell u to be safe, and the last thing u tell them is \thank u\"""""
all for one girl
jimador squirt kush
why do i do this ha ha
taxes baby
"\im yursz xavier\"" haha  smile  o shit"""
yup stargate  wink 
stockpiling white snow in the appartments  hell yeah 5 bucks a snowball kids  wink 
o yup interestiong
yeah feel like kicking ass  who wants to go first
girls dissapoint me  i need women
ok yup    fucked up  chillin at the house my sister made me some spaghetti and went to buy me a coke  smile  good job
im taking a day off  smile 
i say things should be different  fuck
yeah not looking forward to court tonight  fuck fuck
 smile  luck works ha ha
balls make winners
im addicted to all pleasures i can enjoy in this body  yeah
"drinking, smoking  poor substitutes"
haha but fuck it! the high replaces emotions there is no going back this dark path im heading for
interesting
onnit  indecision 
"yeah who got a wii\0711 2626 0434 9359"
"i can only assume we just aren't capable of completely understanding what it is we need or want, how close are we able to get it?     of luck and faith who dominates"
jail time  wink 
ever feel like     damn i need to fuck! haha
i went looking for some snacks and i remember taks days somehow seemed less bad whenever there were snacks involved  smile 
"a deep breath  a lot of work to do, a lot"
rank of my addictions 1: sex drugs sleep food
i'm awake
o yes  smile 
so the deeper u dig    *sighs* nope not feeling inspirational
