5d8ef5ce24f6555ab1d307f5e1637b03
thanxs fo yall prayers she is doin betta  n im happy she is feelin betta from wat happend yestaday 
im so bored  i hope everyone is having a great new years <propfemale>  well happy new year to everyone  what are your new year's resolutions? i don't have one  but well    yea    yapp  bye 
happy new years everyone  im having so much fun 
go michigan state!
michigan state!
go lakeland!
hey steph!
jello is good : d
i came bac yesterday from wisconson 
plz keep my sis astyn and her family in your thaughts and prayers  she and family lost sum1 so  jus plz pray and keep them in your thaughts  ya boy  <propfirst>
hello  have a good day 
have a good day 
plz text me  im bored at home 
im bored  nutin 2 do 
boring >={)
plz pray for my brother he is in the hospital  and his plz pray for his family  they really need it  bt in his word he says 2 or more gathered in his name and it shall be done  and by his stripes <propfirst> is healed 
im bored  nutin 2 do  every1 gone but im here wit sum friends who are idiots 
im bored  i wanna donut  donuts is good  im going bac a bed 
hey everyone!
hey im bored  email 
my bday is 13 days away 
my bday is 8 days away
my birthday is 2 5
i jus got bac from piano  i had fun  im playn 15 different songs 
i am helping my sis make a facebook  so much fun 
thanxs 2 every1 yestaday 4 my happy birthday messages n everything 
hey  im so bored  nutin 2 do  im watchn operation repo  so hilairious 
hey everybody  whats up? because i am bored  how about you?
i can't wait to turn 18  then i can move out  like 4real!
"im so bored nutin  2 do  bt im finna go bac 2 church 4 practuce, boring "
i will be so happy when the state tests are over 
im feeln great rite na  n i jus rlly woke up  dis spring break iz great!
i waz jus @ steakn shake n it waz good  i enjoyd it very murch 
i 8 rlly good 
mi poppop's bday 2mrw  remind mi 2 say happy bday  jus kniddin 
i swear i rememba 
"4realz dnt  i waz jus playn  bt im full n redy 2 go 2 sleep  i even gt a midnite snack  a, i luv every1 (jus playn like seriously) bt good nite n talk 2 ya l8r "
im so bored  sum1 text mi 
im goin 2 a book store bt i dnt read  lol nt funny 
sum1 help mi  i jus fell n hit mi head  i waz tryn 2 gt a bagel n i slippd on da wet <propfemale> 
i waz walkn mi dog n na im supa tired 
hope every1 ova ha enjoyn da nice wetha  cuz itz nice n all 
i cant wait 4 2mrw  mi poppop bday n spring break ova  o yea  im fastn 2mrw  hope i gt thru dis 
hello im telln every1 hi  so hi!
i gt 3:24 <propfemale> i ran da 800 md @ track 
im supa bored  sum1 text mi na 
hello
omg im bored  sum1 text mi so bored  im nice person 
im so bored and 2mrw i only go 2 skool 4 hr  ahaha lolz so funny 
im out of skool had so much fun yestaday  bt na ima b chilin 4 a minute  talk 2 yall in 2 weeks bye 
 laugh 
im bac!
i want my evo
i cant wait to get my new phone  i hope i get it soon 
"hello, friends  im bored so text me  261-6948"
life is like sweet -n- sour sauce  sweet when enjoyed and sour when not 
happy fathers day
im bored
hello facebook
so many things y dont knw bout ur friends can rlly hur u 
i had so much fun 2day  i got 2 see my fam  and we went 2 the taste of chicago  cant wait 2 see them 2mrw or monday  cant wait  nite nite facebook 
im @ chhurh it iz <propfemale> boring jus startd 
happy 4th of july fracebook 
my fam is visiting from deleware  so much fun  im enjoying ever second of it 
im watching the hangover  lol this so effin funzy!
u <propfemale> knw when some1 u thought was ur friend can sho thr tru colors  its just messd up 
do u rlly knw what luv is? dnt just giv away ur heart soul and body 2 some1 u just met bcuz they seem nice and they say luv u and wana be with u 4eva 
im bored  i cant wait till 2mrw im going 2 <propfemale> factory  well actually 2mrw iz 2day  n few hrs  i gt 2 gt up  dang!
mi sista dog bit mi nephew i hope he okay 
he is okay  thank god 
im sick and it sucks 
im supa bored  so txt me 
im so bored  some1 txt me 
im watching grown ups  so funny  lol 
no more skool fo 3 days
im rlly bored nd sleep nitey nite 
im going to church  kinda dont wana go 
happy thxsgiving fb
!<propfemale> christmas! to all 
i am tired of people who are there only when they need you but when they don't they are quick to forget you 
watching despicable me  so funny!!!
really bored some1 txt me!!!!
i xant wait until sunday  packers always!
tired and irritated!
"learned from yesterday  living in the moment, loving time shared, learning for tomorrow  tomorrow being a better person than yesterday  forever and always: me!!"
thank you 2 evry1 who sayd happy bday  luv yall nite 
steelers all da way smile  playful 
i hate when you are nice to someone you honestly can't stand  then they take advantage of you 
so bored  about to go out maybe dont know yet 
why do we want things we cant have? why do we say things we dont mean? why do we wait for things that will never happen? so when something practical and great and we pass it up? i just wonder 
tired of real turning fake  why do people fall into the same traps they've been in 100 times!!!!! so annoying 
there comes a time when you just have to grow up and live your own life 
sick   
trustworthy people r hard 2 find these days
"im so tired of ignorant kids  if u got something 2 say, come up 2 me, get in my face and say it  its not like im not there  but the grace of god! he saved them "
"really, things have come to this? what has this world to? forgiveness is like a foreign language in this place "
went to that freshman thing  it was okay  i got all boring classes  ):
how you gonna cause problems for someelse when you have your own problems  it dont make any sense 
"this and that, he said she said, lies, anger, instagators when and where does it end????"
i cant wait to be a grad because i can say i have seen enough for a lifetime and can conquer anything  and hopefully leave this crap bs here  3 months!!!
why is it hard to forget?
text me im bored 
today was a great day  smile 
