1ebe30902bdb5d5bffdc76ca3caad329
is wondering why all gay people think they melt in the rain!
getting ready for ca
"back at the hotel after day one of training, all is well!!!"
has had a great time in ca and is ready to get back home  never thought i would say that   smile 
"finally finishing up my day in the office and going tanning! i know, i'm addicted even in the fall "
"when it should hurt the most you find that there are people in your life who can <propfemale> you through without thought, reason or any selfish intent  impulse and love are amazing things "
a good friend of mine had this as their status     those of you who don't know her should know that       there's always more than one way to skin a cat  but with dogs u don't really have to think long  they usually end up chasin their own damn tails anyway so its not a challenge
"having a great morning, keep it moving kids!"
i'm going to tip-toe to the window      lol
so excited about having a profile song!!!!
<propfemale> will be coming into town this sunday        watch out!
pulse - sunday night @ bahama joes's doors open at 8
pulse - this sunday @ bahama <propfirst>'s - doors open @ 8pm - door prizes all night long and fabulous entertainment  dj jinx will be spinning the hottest club beats  bahama <propfirst>'s 6922 staples mill rd 
"pulse @ bahama joes (staples mill and glenside) starting at 9pm    drink specials, dj jinx(the hottest dj in va), featuring <propfemale>, allayah vaughan, and a special guest!!! the new sunday night hot spot for the tri-cities!!!!"
sunday night was amazing @ the pulse party!!! thanks to everyone who showed up!!! can't wait to see you all this sunday 
is having a fabulous day!!!!
landed a fabulous job today!!! yay!
enjoying a nice relaxing saturday night     
pulse is tonight @ bahama <propfirst>'s!!!! doors open at 8 pm 
sunday night pulse party is tonight with a new killer dj!!! everyone should come check it out!
happy tuesday facebook world!
can't stop smiling  wink 
boys boys boys
love my peeps!
"who would have thought, me working at a gay bar!  smile "
"ok facebook family, my first official shift alone is this wednesday from 4pm to 8pm at barcode  come out and show some love!!!!"
"headed to tampa, see you in a few days richmond!"
my last day in tampa     sadness  sad 
"sitting in an airport wishing that airplanes were shooting stars!!!! \i could really use a wish right now \"""""
working at barcode all night long!!! come out and see me  smile 
keep it moving!
"first day full day in tampa, awesome!"
just got back from beach     little red and can't wait to be tan! (again)
it's already an amazing day and it's only noon!!!! rock on!
goodnight world    it was an awesome day!
miracles happen for me today!!!
had a great night last night 
needs a job!!!!!!!!!!!!
will be in richmond tomorrow!
why does <propfemale> feel the need to call me at 5:15 am!!! not pleased 
is so over <propmale> labor! this is why i work in an office 
thank you to everyone who sent me birthday messages!!!! it was a great day!
the bitch is back!
"saw this on <propfirst>'s <propfemale> and had to repost   there are two primary choices in life: accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them"
happy pride richmond!!!!
and a new tattoo
"really, i mean really "
in vino veritas   
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity, and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness  93% won't copy and paste this, because they don't know how to copy and paste "
vote for <propmale>!
frustrated!!!
dirty little freaks        smile 
"ugh, monday!"
"bored,bored and bored"
thanks for trying
this is going to be a crazy week!
anyone looking for a new dog? he is very loving
never thought i would be so happy to see a buick!!!
"had a great night, let's do and instant replay!  smile "
