2e3a70d73034217ccfe649b716e14620
back in fayetteville for the weekend   having a great time with my kids 
didn't want to leave fayetteville today  is there a way i can fast foward to friday???
enjoying my vacation with my family in fayetteville   especially my kids  i'm really loving having them down here 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes this weekend  they really meant a lot 
i feel great today   even a swift kick in my yoohoos can't ruin my day    get some world 
ever notice the hurt in someone's eyes when you run across them and act like you don't even see them? treat me like i'm beneath you? i don't even see you to begin with trick 
i feel like drinkin tonight   like drinkin tonight   
tonight is my christmas <propfemale>!!! i'm hoping <propfemale> brings me a ut victory tomorrow!!!
"well, them boys in knoxville are 1-0  five more w's and they may get a bowl game!"
would like to know what this yellow ish leaking from my eye is???? is there such thing as eye snot???
ut gameday   let's go to church!
"had an interesting convo at work today about how they're selling tickets for space travel and it brought up a great question  if you join the mile high club by having sex at 5000 ft, what club do you join by having sex on a space shuttle in space?"
can't wait to watch ut upset some gators tomorrow!
"when <propmale> <propmale> picks his nose, he really does find gold!"
"i thought about him all day today  there's nothing i wouldn't give for one more day with him  you'd think after so many years, today would be a normal day   it's just as hard today as it was 15 years ago  i really miss my <propfemale> <propfemale>, the bugman "
baaah! humbug!
"this is fun! do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours?  i'm interested to see what you say good or bad "
watching my parents fish on wii   retirement must be hard work   lol 
you know you're one of the cool kids when you kick it with mom on frday night   and love it so much you post it on fb for everyone to see 
"just when i think things are finally starting to go my way, i dop something to screw up   lol  well, let's put a band-aid on my boo boo and get back on the bike  ohh look! a scooby doo band-aid!"
it's amazing how just a few simple words from a loved one out of leftfield can lift the heaviest of burdens and change your whole perception of yourself and your life 
"my mom has made me laugh  wiped my tears    hugged me tight  watched me succeed  saw me fall  cheered me on  kept me going strong   drove me a little crazy at times      but mom's are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love   even if she lives in heaven now, she'll know how you feel!"
"today is midget appreciation day! so if you see a little person, midget, dwarf, or anyone vertically challenged, give them a high five!"
"i'm trying to figure out why people put \it's complicated\"" on their relationship status   what's so complicated about it??? either you with somebody or you ain't  or do \""it's complicated\"" mean you got a bf gf and just fuckin out of both pants legs like some kind of pornstar?"""
"as i was sitting here battling insomnia i had a bizzaar revelation   i've travelled alot of the world, 11 states and 16 countries   yet i have never seen a mexican working or eating at taco <propfemale>  makes you say hmmmm don't it?"
just finished watching blazing saddles   is it me or is <propmale> <propmale> a comedic genius?
the only dumb questions are questions asked by a complete idiot 
"dear father god, <propmale> me the wisdom to realize that you purposely made some people utterly stupid   and forgive me if i knock the holy stupid right out of them  amen"
advice to the intellectually challenged (that means not smart for all you dumbasses out there):  if you ask me a simple y or n question and i say no don't change your approach and ask the same question 4 more times  if i said no the 1st time there is a very high <propmale> it'll be no the other 4 times  better yet if your iq is lower than 100 dont even bother me   for real 
so i wake up with thoughts of gettin up to enjoy the day today   but after rubbing sleep from my eyes i realized that was crazy   i can enjoy the day right here from my bed   may even take some naps while im at it 
"saw my old ship, the mighty uss gw on the military channel earlier and i must say i've never missed it more than i did then  it really brought back memories "
"breakin   90 minutes of tube socks, boom boxes, and <propfirst> curls   and lets not forget the highwater <propfirst> jeans "
true naval fact: back when the ships had <propfemale> tubes if you farted in the tube and sent it to a destined space on the ship when the person on the recieving end opened the chute they would hear and smell your fart  let that one linger a minute   no pun intended 
watching <propfemale> road   a movie like this makes me glad that we live in a world completely free of racism    lmao   wait   can i try to say that again with a straight face? the sad thing is that as long as we inhabit the earth there will be racism   it's human nature for us to hate what we feel threatened by   which in my opinion is damned pitiful 
i was sleeping better than i have in months   until my sister's dog decided to lick my nostril   nice hershey   real nice 
"starbucks coffee, disaronno, and chocolate rasberry creamer   mmmm mmmm goood "
today's totally useless but ironic fact:  the maximum size limit for fb posts is 420   go ahead and test it if you dont believe it 
lets go <propfirst> <propmale> lets go!
been in bed wide awake since 830   can't sleep obviously   i've laid here so long i've proven 2 theories wrong  warm milk and counting sheep don't work  i drank 2 glasses and counted 879 imaginary sheep   and all i've done is discovered that i'm insane and now have the bubbleguts from the milk  who do i gotta sleep with to get a lunesta or two or four????
i'm wearing my red today because i love and support our troops   do you?!?
well my pick for the ncaa champions got their butts stomped last night   but at least ohio state got beat   can we say choke? i have found myself quietly pulling for them boys from vcu the past few games   gotta love the dreamers 
how can i do my best when everything i do is perfect? you can't perfect perfection when what you're trying to perfect is already perfect 
it's always easier to run away but sometimes it's best to stay and fight because you just may run so far and for so long that you can't find your way back to those that mattered most in the first place leading only to a lifetime of regret 
so now i may have to pay a higher tax on sodas because tn is the 2nd fattest state in the us  how is that fair? i'm not fat   so why should i have to pay more? i think they should enforce a fat tax rather than punish people that aren't overweight  put the overweight on state mandated health programs rather than force those of us that keep fit to pay more for products containing sugar 
man vs food is at voo doo doughnut   mmmm   i want one!
the wild and wonderful whites of west <propfemale>    now that's quality family entertainment 
haven't left lakewood in 11 days   wondering at what point does cabin fever set in? i figure it's all good as long as i don't write redrum on my mirror in lipstick 
12 straight sleepless nights and 12 straight sunrises watched  maybe it's time for a sleeping <propfemale> script or horse tanquilizers 
fightin sleep to watch my favorite show    pokerstars net: the big game  i'm dead tired but i cant go to bed on this show   its gonna make me <propmale> one day 
direct tv sucks dirty donkey doomahickies   ordered wrestlemania and it didn't come on until the <propmale> vs <propmale> match   then it cuts out halfway through the match   paid 54 bucks to look at a blank screen all night  total bullshit 
direct tv is having technical difficulties (i e  incompetent technicians) and claims they will have it fixed so customers can watch the replay at 11pm   what happens if it ain't fixed? this wouldnt happen with dish network!
thanks direct tv technicians   your incompetence just cost me and my roommate $59   can i have a job seeing how you don't have to know what the fuck you're doing to work at your company 
you might be in a 3rd world country when 8 men have an all-out battle <propmale> in 120 degree desert heat for a half-eaten ham sammich   without mayonaise 
cnn headline: car parts made from mushrooms                 wtf? really? i can see it now   introducing the 2012 ford phsychadelic
the storms are hitting beechgrove as i type  i got my spot in the hall picked out and my matress on standby  damn if i can't find my helmet 
this was the worst ncaa championship game i've ever seen  it was like watching two teams that didn't want to win 
