4909785b00a19ae74e46c0408e3e58fd
omg 10 days of break gone! 2 more to go sad 
is eating cerial cuz i cant stop being hungry    
needs to go to the pool sad  and has a shinny red tan smile 
dance recital tonight at cbc high school at 6 smile 0- missing a party for it   i hope everybody knows the dance   
   don't cook muffins with baking soda   yuck=p
"me, cake, chocolate, lots of food,  not a good combination"
to much physical pain for one week sad      but i guess its my fault
noone knows how much i want to run right now
cheater cheater pumpkin eater had a wife and couldnt keep her=p
cheater cheater pumpkin eater had a wife and couldnt keep her=p haha ik someone who just made this saying very ironic
back from poms practice and im hungry!
just finished cleaning my part of the room  any of you who have been in my room know how big of an acomplishment this is for me  even im amazed
ow ow im icing my leg hoping for it to heal by tomorrow even though im sure its impossible
facials
i want a pet dinosaur for my birthday
subliminal messages? in rock music? <propfemale>? to much thought in this kid movie
party!!!yay smile  funfun poms!!!!! six a m  to tired to move  *tick tick boom* uggggh im up! im up!
party tonight hmmm i wonder whos coming(????????? =s ) poms again yayyyyy   facials ?
"omg im tired   pretty good poms practice for 3 hours of sleep yay!!! great party last night  <propmale> chavez, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale> coronado, austin-meanest ppl in the world last night haha jk but my legs hurt now   stupid game of keep away"
poms camp! smile 
had a six flags day at six flags   but now im home   and noone else is   i think my other mother must have eaten them
yay six flags tomorrow and youth group yay god
gorging in <propfemale> drowning in the natural sugar yum   yet i would still rather be running through the pain that would tear off my leg
elephant rocks are amazing as long as you dont fall off
yay dinosaur cake laugh      annoyed  dinosaur cake just broke its neck   
my phone is not obeying me so call my house phone sad 
it hurts to walk but i can move fairly well compared to before ugh ill have to start doing wall stretches    ugh
yay praise jesus i can walk again lol time for wall stretches! call my house cuz we still havent paid the phone <propmale>!
yay spirit night was awesom go poms
at cousins house  we're a little bored so we're watching high school musical im not sure which one    wow   
at cousins houre  we're a little bored so we're watching high school musical 2     wow   
i bring the destruction of rugby to everywhere i go
"was a little stressed today  tried listening to music-didnt help, i finshed most of my hw though  then i took a long walk, socialized- success  for the most part smile "
o wow i got a brain freeze from milk
ahh my voice!! where did it go!?!????!
teh phone rings  i want to answer it  and then i remember it hurts to talk!
i can speak in a slightly raspy voice
omg you have no idea how funny english class can be with a very conseeded boy in it
omg you have no idea how funny english class can be with a very conceited boy in it
omg she better appologize
   im waiting girl   
   homework   *sigh*
chessey poetry anyone?
a love in your reflection   hmmm   that sounds like an awesom title for a lovey dovey poetry book smile 
give ti to me laugh 
give it to me laugh 
first amazing jv football half time show! yay poms  even if most of us dont know anything about football  
somebody call me cuz im bored studying history
"me dules el humbre, el mano, y los dedos"
walking around  call me
whos all going to manchester days??!!!!!
watching 17 again
bored so call me and we will save each other from dying of boredom
what should my little sister name her orange and black dragon webkinz???hmmmm
<propfirst> may you rest in peace
ugg homework    yet theres nothing else we can do
sailor moon   a kids show??? omg noo!
hmmm  a recent quiz says my little sister is most like cinderella   kind generous and loves clothes     hmmm who are we talking about again?
"\i <propfemale> got the power of invisibility ha!!!!!!\""-<propfemale> coronado"""
101 14 degree fever
101 14 degree fever   the other poms girls should watch out    
all better!!! [=
uuuuggggh the weekend is sooo short when you sleep through half of it
o dear where did my legs go??
ugg how come theres never anybody at talk to at 8 surprise 0 in the morning!?!??!!??!
me gusta las sticky notes
   homework   essay   save me
hmmmm i see stars laugh 
dont you hate it how ppl are supposed  to be you friend then you realize that even though you text them and see them everyday they dont seem to talk to you=p
"long stories pile up into one moment of feelings, its so hard to let go                        btw i lost my phone on monday and still cant find it sad "
"omg stories pile up into one mooment of feelings, its so hard to let go of what you thought to be everlasting -btw i lost my phone on monday and i still cant find it"
who wants to come to the zoo with me tomorrow!????
i went to the zoo laugh        but where did all the bears go? sad 
im bored and taking quizes and it turns out i am scared of commitment
tired
rabia was here  smile   smile 
orchestra concert o o
high school musical 3 singit!!
"juju ye, rabia pancakes khan and i are amazing at high school musical 3 sing it  smile :"
my shoes are jeffified!
rabia' pancakes khan and my shoes are jeff-fa-fied
<propfemale> cat super stars?
has to much hw
still cant find my phone sad  but my birthday is in two days!!! laugh 
 laugh  thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday!! still cant find my phone sad  oopps!
your world is my world and my fight is your fight
your world is my world and my fight is your fight awwwwwwwwwwwww
made choclate lasagna its better than it sounds    at least i hope  
"the lasagna was amazing, a little to much peanutbutter i hope i get a new sim card today smile  then i can  use an old phone and text again!!!!yay laugh "
no phone but my ipod and i are  cooperating now smile  7 days till dance competition 8 days till piano concert=o
haha i love life i found my phone yay! laugh   dance competition in 7 days piano concert in 8
dance competition: 6 days piano recital: 7 days
dance competition smile  days piano recital: 4
eh finals are soon sad 
"ever realize how hard it is to reveal the truth behind your mask, even if you've been planning this since the <propfemale> of all truths"
whopp de do daa!!!!! rabia isssss here  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
4 more days till we can do noting but sleep!!
hmm what an interesting day   venting puts me in a much better mood
itunes *sigh* such a great since of hummor
iceskating is ammmmmmmmaazing
abcdefgh       
theres a dent in my head
whoa!! unintentionally four day weekend!
   wheres my cell phone  ?
"no, this is not <propfemale> hacking alicias account  smile )"
is it better to feel whole but feel depresesed or to feel incomplete but feel happy? btw i still dont have my cell phone  if and freshman or varsity basketball player saw it at the game on tuesday that would be helpful
omg in 5 hours its rabias 15th birthday
so much hw so little sleep
yay i have a phone again!!!
ahhh moulin rouge!!
will neer@ is a gentleman
will neer is a gentleman
so so tired i wish there was no homework in the world
lol 3 8 =p
is losing her hearing!!!!!
baking cookies; being bored; still has homework to do
picnics are fun!!! they make me feel so    traditional  
hmmmm i notice myself dancing around the house a lot   maybe i should have tried out for poms
omg im tired   i think im crashing from that coffee i drank
omg juju's  a <propfirst>!!!
soooooooooooooo tired!!! 1st track practice was today
"why is it whenever you want to talk to somebody, they aren't availiable!?"
is watching the great mouse detective
awwwwwwwwwwww i just saw a baby <propfemale>  love 33
love spelt backwards is e-vol ( questions? go watch new <propfemale>)
i have ten tickets to a benefit concert at jfk today and a need ppl to use them!!! help!
i have ten tickets to a benefit concert at jfk today and a need ppl to use them!!! help!if you can go- call text me and let me know soon!
saw the ring and rent for the first time the other day and its about time
watching glee
got 4th lunch every single day
still occassionally coughing her lungs out but its getting better  laugh 
i think i saw my english teacher dancing at the cardinals game on wednesday      
"let me take you down    cuz i'm going to strawberry fields where nothing is real   \i've lowered myself to writing song lyrics as my fb status    o the shame"
"was just asked to play piano for a wedding this saturday, had a heart attack and died! guess they need to find a new pianist "
rabia khan was here  smile 
hmmm    i haven't been to city museum in a while   
played mash with <propfirst> and had very interesting possible futures  haha life is awesome  <propfemale> cross country!
waaaay to much homework
schnickers
yay 16 years old!!!!almost    
omg even the computer thinks my personality is a mystery!!
last weekend of the semester!
is getting her snow covered phone back today!
museum!  laugh 
rabia khan was here!  smile 
"<propfemale> got a new phone, and she lost all her <propfirst>  so give <propfemale> your <propfirst>!"
why is it that i'm sick on a snow day
<propmale>  cristol and getting the holy grail
<propmale> cristol and finding the holy grail
i finally found the mysterious ticking noise
wants to prove that race isn't everything; its just very helpful
i have planted the seed of obsession within my sister   she won't stop singing singin' in the rain   
dios mios! i have to work out by a heater! low curculation sucks
ramond <propfemale> developed a water powered jetpack  he must the skinniest most pointy haired asian ever
"<propfirst> kroc, founder of mcdonalds, said \you're only as good as the people you hire\""   i would rethink that if i were him"""
