dbc8a516df2054c1170e449bfaef1603
school starts tomorrow  hooray    and there was much rejoicing   smile 
grounded till sunday except from internet  whoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm borrrrrrreeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddd
omg i have to go run 8 <propmale> in the morning  i'm freaking out! god help me   
back from paintball  ouch my leg hurts  sad 
i just ran 5 <propmale> in 42:13  that's an 8 <propfemale>  mile which is pretty fast for me   smile 
ouch my braces hurt really bad   sad (((
haha im on ur profile
i get to run 6 <propmale> in the morning  hooray    
just got back home from catholic  wish there was air-conditioning   
school started   whippie
i get to go run a 1-2-1   i'm so happy
"i'm running faster, just   not fast enough"
going to school   religion test tom   stuff like that
i am from canadia!!!111 eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh  eh eh eh pirates! eh eh eh eh gorrilas! eh eh eh eh eh
mr  <propmale>= epic win 
proudly we speak your name proudly wear your colors  friendships made within your walls will mellow through the years we in some distant day may brush away a tear born of memories as these we hold so very dear what now son?!
getting ready to go to bed so i can make up at 6 surprise 0 to go run 6 <propmale>  yippie  i'm so happy  at least it's not the deaf school
mcjrotc=epic win
pink <propmale> concert on sat  cant wait
just finished running 6 <propmale> in 45 34  that's about a 7 30 mile
"just did a 1-3-1(1 slow, 3 fast, and 1 slow <propmale>) in 37 smile 4  i'm pretty proud  and the good thing is no cc today"
going to school  be back at 2 surprise 0 
i get to go run 6miles and i'm really tired   whoopie 
"got back from running 6 <propmale>, going to pink <propmale> usa tonight and going to play xbox  ^^"
you wanna cookie?
i just got a cookie   smile 
"i'm about to work on vocab world history english latin quiz tommorow, jrotc buisness and cross country   laugh  all tommorow"
school=boring except for the funny teachers
me=bored
rotc pt results push ups in 2min =44 crunches in 2min =97 mile run-5 50
got 4th place in my age division   smile 
bout to work on 40 worldhistory words   dang   mr  spenser is funny but i hate doing definitions   sad 
"studying for history test, have to right down and memorize 80 definitons "
got 16th place out of 92 for freshman  pics are coming soon 
i have a stiff upper lip   laugh 
sup everyone
nearly fell asleep in religion and math  i'd close my eyes for a second than realized my head was on my desk and mr  hein was about to throw a sharpie at me   
i get to sleep an extra 30min  so happyy    
"mr  hein calls cartar \cartaaaarrrr\""  laugh """
everyone gets on when it's raining
http annoyed  www youtube com user whitexfeather74
going camping 
teh party was funnnn  smile 
just  busy with xc and life 
i  love  the chili pepper race  time for 5k was 20min  flat 
hoorary i get to type a report about a russian   smile 
didn't run on fri  and sat  due to boy scouts so i ran today  ran 3 <propmale> in 23:20 so i think i'm good for tomorrow   smile 
"new pr for 5k at 19:28, i got 10th or 11th overall for chs so i am a subsitute for the actual runners   smile "
"<propfemale> 3 6 for my report over a communist  half way done   this guys really boring, all he does is get arrested "
that was my hardest xc practice yet 
"finallly, i'm done with my report  just gotta turn it in to mr  spenser and he'll look over my report early   wink "
"can't believe he watched dead silence with <propfirst>  terrible, it's just like saw"
cross country=epic win 
reading the chocolate war
"stuffed from dinner at the finleys, mmm    those brownies were delicious "
just bored thinking i aced my worldhistory test
mw2 guys came out today  smile 
mw2  smile 
going for a 5mile jog   smile 
christmas needs to be here 
airosft war at my house at around 1 surprise 0   smile 
"airosft today=epicness, i no-scoped <propfirst> "
finally done with my report  took around 4 hours and 7 pages with footnotes   smile   smile  so happy 
happy thanksgiving all
do not wanna go back to school 
i'm derived of sleep already 
things going on today  1 just got my braces tightened  2 cross country dinner later  3 finishing wh definitions  4 studying <propmale> and <propfemale>   5  sore from physical fitness   but fun  smile 
doing an egg e playful eriment   smile 
almost got pulled over by a cop on the way back from school 
no long distance track   sad 
i might get a partnership with youtube   smile 
study time   sad 
"finished studying for algebra,  english, and partly latin  world history is next,  sad  my hardest subject(or possibly physical science )"
so tired of world history!
anybody else tired of world history?
finished making my one <propfemale> of physical science cheat sheet  which is allowed  thank's mr  lincicome   smile 
i hate it when my family's  dog has seizures  he quives and we can't do anything about it except hold him  it basically goes blind and doesn't know where he is  so sad 
ready for some semester exams?
"finally, the day has come  semester tests!!"
any one have aday's semester exam today?
whoooo christmas break@!!!@@!!
gotta love those little whiny kids who cheat when you play a 1v1 against them   
bout to open some presents   smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all  i got a new xbox!
"got a new xbox, listening to black ice by ac dc and got an ipod touch  how much more perfect can it get?!"
"christmas is starting to feel like summer, except it's cold "
my friends call me coach 
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow "
i knew this was going to happen  school is coming 
"well i was told that since my upper eyelid is pulsing that i am derived of sleep and need a good night rest  also i'm pretty consistent, algebra, science, english and latin have the same grade as the first quarter    awesome   smile "
"editing my mw2 nightage clips, listening to hollywood undead, and planning to go to sherlock holmes  awesome   smile "
#34 should have done better
da 2 points are good  i bet $10 saints win 
woot woot no school !!!!1!!!!!!
starting to like intermerials   smile 
well just got back from camping  freck made brownies  when i got home i had to go #2  my toilet overflowed  fml
getting to bed early tonight ftw?
does not like that last physical science test 
going to run the relay for the marathon  7 2miles  fun fun  smile 
"9w  world history, physical science, and english test ftl"
9week tests today 
world history test-done physical science-done algebra-tomorrow english-tomorrow latin-tomorrow aced my tests today   smile 
"just woke up  the track meet was yesterday  i got there at 2 smile 0 and didn't get to race until around 8:45  the race for me lasted 10min  and 50sec  for 2miles  and no, i didn't stay in the freezing cold and wind  i stayed in the bus, watching movies   smile "
mad at myself and had a terrible day 
does anybody on the track team know what the hell is going to happen tomorrow?!
track meet=beast
waking up at 6 smile 0=awesome going to be at 12 surprise 0=not awesome
spring break!!!!!!! and going camping  smile  smile 
just got back from camping 
eatin cheerios 
monday morning  perfect    
gotta lot of work to do for the 4th quarter  
waiting to be in the emergency room  april fools!
so glad its the weekend 
very relaxed  easter baby!!
happy easter everyone 
it's my birthday   laugh 
would like to thank everyone who commented saying happy birthday 
ran last night 2miles at 11 surprise 0pm after waiting around from 5 smile 0  i got a pr at 11:25  pretty happy 
coach hein has wonderful teaching skills
gotta study for mr  adays test  ahh   one day test alerts are always fun  not gonna get to bed until about 11 smile 0   sad 
did good at track meet and watching blue harvest 
"long weekend of camping and now, doing some homework"
got 6hours of sleep 
very happy about my latin test result   smile 
happy its the weekend   smile 
conference baby!!!
"didn't do as well as i hoped in conference  oh well, i couldn't have made state anyway "
pollen sucks 
"now since track season is over and xc has not started yet, i don't know what to do with the 2hours i had lost   "
finally done with world history notes  took forever  4pgs  is a pain in the butt 
"well i wake up, go downstairs, look out the window and see my family's dog with a dead bird in it's mouth   laugh "
going to my lakehouse tomorrow   smile 
fridays kick butt
up at my lakehouse!  smile 
didn't sleep well but somehow not tired 
the mouse that roared can only be entertaining 
ready for the latin test 
i hear you knocking but you can't come in   dang 
at a party for my sisters gradulation in north <propfemale> 
still in north <propfemale> waiting for my flight  2 hours    
"\you guys are all prisoners of facebook\""-mr aday"""
mr  spencers test sucked 
mr  <propmale> needs to have a curve of about 100pts 
thanks mr  <propmale> for completely dropping that last test  gotta study for the one tomorrow though   smile 
96% on science test whoooooooooo
so very tired 
talent show needed more acts 
need to be stopped dragged around during the weekend  looking forward to going to my sister's graduation   smile 
"<propfirst> <propmale> is a beast at knifing in supply  that was until he got knifed by me, and he getting owned by everyone in supply but then i got knifed by landers after sowing him up  i then got owned by landers "
last week of school guys  make it count 
"well, it's official  it's nerd week  will not be playing video games until wed  of next week due to exams  good luck everybody!"
writing up physical science cheat sheet  too many vocab
we should get bonus points for all the vocab that had to be written for mr  lincicome's cheat sheet 
last friday  let's do this 
semester exams are the final obstacle to getting out for summer  bring it 
does anybody know what is to be on aday's english test? i lost my sheet 
"three test left, these won't be too hard  come on "
"<propfirst> gray the bassist player of slipknot was found dead today at the age of 38  no cause of death yet,  sad "
"come on guys, this is the last two tests of the year  end it on a good note and make sure not to fall asleep when studying! just think you can relax in less than 24hours and won't have to work on school till 3months from now "
does anybody have <propmale>'s essay questions done?!
ready for my last two tests but scared of mr  spensers essay questions and magist's mystery questions 
"less than 6hours to go, keep it up guys were so close to it being over!"
summer whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i've got all this free time and don't know what to do 
et tu brute?!
up at my lakehouse and waiting for tomorrow to roll by for the party  awesome
got water in my ear  it sucks 
so beat up from tubing yesterday 
almost been a week out from school  seems so much longer than that 
going to go get a magist haircut again   
<propfirst>'s on xbox  now what 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tdgn2iaiasg&feature=related\can you survive?!"
have finally got back home  rotc leadership was awesome!
"way to go findlay 4 smile 1 for the mile in nationals!!!!!!!!\whooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
glad to be home but wishing that it wasn't as hot 
nothing to do  wish i had better games for the xbox   
i feel terrible and upset 
feel like watching the dark night 
so very very very very very very very  very bored 
tired of little kids who act like they know it all 
just woke up  yeahhhhh
who likes my profile pic?  laugh 
got lost at two rivers  was a very interesting run   laugh 
hates running cross country by myself 
passed my drivers test   smile 
wishes <propfemale> lambert good luck on her test tomorrow  like if you agree 
"likes how everytime i hit something really cool in mw2 for a game winning kill cam, people say i have an aimbot    laugh "
got maself a blister on my foot  yeahhh    
drivers <propmale> tomorrow  looking really forward to waking up  
"the best race motivational speech \\alright guys"," in one month you can drink cokes and eat crappy food  let's go \"" \"dbc8a516df2054c1170e449bfaef1603,going to <propfemale> out with my relatives  yeahh  laugh 
on my way home and riding with relatives   smile 
"woah, i didn't realize it would take this short of a time for him to get annoying   "
wonders how what your bac would be if you weighed 80pounds and had 24beers   
"the most interesting run i've ever had  practice was canceled, but i was already at burns so me, pryor, and straessle start to run  in that time it rained  that wasn't the interesting part  the best part was running without shoes  love it   laugh "
there's a storm coming  thunder is very loud  hopefully won't get worse 
"ready for a new video game to come out  so tired offf mw2, and the funny thing is that everyone complains about how it sucks, but, they still freaking play it   "
not very much planned for today   umm
going to camp!  smile 
so    camp  a lot of little kids  <propfirst> <propmale> would have a feild day   but he's dead so everyone's saved 
summer seems like a extension of school because i'm still tired  
new hd tv ftw?!!?
"lol i just met a gamertag on xbox named \obamashealthplan\"" so   you killed(or were killed) by obamashealthplan   wink """
i don't know why but i'm exhausted   
so  cross country at 6am   sounds like school all over again 
wishes youtube would fix itself now  
everyone needs to pray for griffin marczuk
watching the day after tomorrow  it's starting to get insane!
"hates how when i get home from xc and realize i have all morning to do what i want, and then i fall asleep  "
"if anybody has any classes with me please comment\schedule is here by follows\ home room with mcdaniel \ religion\1 geometry with dempsey\2 biology with thomas\3 health with estes(old)\l1\lunch\4 english ii with bonner\5 latin with magist\6 rotc"
school in a little over an hour  see you summer in about 9months  even though it was extremely hot   
sophmore year  i really hope that it starts getting better 
wazzzzupppp????
wondering why freck won't join rotc  
"sophmore year  getting easier, it's either i'm getting back into school mode or it's just getting closer to the weekend "
"is really excited about this years cross country season \but still soar from yesterdays workout  my calves hurtttt"
"its sunday  great, schools tomorrow  it seems like the weekend just started "
"so   um   that pep rally really wasn't focused on football  you know it was focused on cross country, they should have announced 'and heres our players for cross country'  i would have loved to have that button 'my sons number is 34' and change it to 'my son is on cross country'"
is afraid because coach <propmale> apparently knows my limits and says that he's going to push me  great 
hates the drama of famous people channels on youtube 
cross country is about to get serious  like post race serious 
wishes he was at the football game 
everyday i'm hustling   hustling  
going to be another boring weekend unless i watch dis football game!
"football last night on the pavement, not a good idea "
headache 
is pumped for tomorrow's cross country meet!
"kind of disappointed about my time for the first race, but, that was the first one and now know what i did wrong "
getting ready for dinner at red carpet for research
i always seem to have a headache on fridays   
race
why do all the tests have to happen on thursday?
russleville tomorrow
"ooohh doggy, were cooking now!"
oaklawn whooo
catholic varsiety completely owned at oaklawn  go rockets!
would like to know how 'lambo' got to be one of my nicknames  
chile peper has got to be the best race course ever 
nothing to do 
over many years of going to partys i've realized how much i hate them  loud annoying music(baby by jb) and dancing to music i don't know  just seems really akward to me  ntm the slow songs   
catholic high cross country is going to kick some butt tomorrow at conference 
nine week grades equals health bringing my grade down 
ain't nuthing but a w t p 
"thanks catholic, your inspiring "
"look on the bright side,\\we still got class "
ending of saw vii was epic 
whats everybody doing tonight?
at home  is that a bad thing?
"rainy run  soaked  shins hurt  \otherwise, had a good day!"
is pumped for state!
two weeks off baby! time to eat crap and get fat!
would like to know why my eyes keep getting red and irritated 
what's everybody's plans for this weekend?
thanksgiving break  awesome 
going to my lakehouse for thanksgiving! will be back sat 
"facebook fails at notifications  been working on holocaust project and making ezzi's cheat sheet while listening to pandora and early day tomorrow  \oh yeah, today is going to be epic "
"psat score=meh\the <propmale> and the pauper=this book is impossible"
ezzi's health class is going to kill me before it's over 
my biology semester exam study guide is encrypted  only i may read it because the text is so small 
these exams are going down 
\cause sometimes you feel tired,\dbc8a516df2054c1170e449bfaef1603,freeeeedddddddddooooooooommmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh how much i enjoy christmas break 
"listening to eminem, watching <propfirst> play assassians creed:brotherhood, and getting ready to watch step brothers on my new laptop  oh christmas, how i missed you "
just watched wedding crashers  genius 
"snow right now, please "
"not so sure about this game, 28-7   "
is pretty sure we are going to go to school tomorrow 
is not ready to freeze to my desk in the morning tomorrow  heard it's supposed to get around 15 or so in the morning  
got out early  whoooo!!!!
is ready for january to be over already 
"wants school to be over, now "
can tell this weekend is going to be amazing 
good night  now i'm just going to make sure if my roomate in college has medication to take 
"no school? awesome \all nighter? even better "
"is burned out in school  wait? whats that? almost done with 3rd quarter and almost done with winter? thank you god, now i'm motivated "
got my top braces off!
waiting to see if mount will get out from school tomorrow because its storming 
lose yourself by eminem will forever be my best pump up song 
just reread fahrenheit 451 in exactly one hour 
my shoes love me so much that their giving me <propfemale> splints 
"dear friday, your awesome "
my brain is still hurting from mrs  bonner's english project exam 
"renegades of funk-ram\nuff said "
oh such an exciting friday night 
is 15 pieces of bacon enough?!
"thursday night, oh you'd better watch out 1600  that race is mine "
did good in intramurals and got first in my heat for the one mile  it's been a good day 
on the road to colorado  wohhooooo spring break!!
watching anchorman 
"going to go try to run in colorado tomorrow \in 25 degree weather  \in 9300 elevation \after skiing for 2days straight \for a 1-3-1  this is going to be awesome "
finally back in arkansas  driving sucks 
why did you have to schedule a test for monday? now i have to study  argh!
