38407d2ac0d09353f38ea548f644542a
looking forward to seeing <propfirst> tommorrow   smile  dang im lucky
"i like poop\in my mouth"
ok well that was my friends post  i am just now getting on facebook  so someone message me   smile 
school all day long tommorrow  lol give me a text 
just got back from the y  its cold and a snowin away   smile  next fight coming up in like 4 weeks!!
playin ssx tricky with my girl and my dad  snow days are always awesome!
looks like i gotta skip out on some classes today  headed to pick up my little snow tank from the shop in crab orchard  gimmie a text if ya want  304-578-7962
got some industrial strength windshield wipers       wow    so thats what cars look like  0_0
whats uuuupppp my mother from anotha        wait       something is not right here  0 o
ok    truth be told    i dont really dwell much on what ppl think of me whether im mean   nice    violent   peaceful    rude    chauvanist    sexist    respectful    but im just wondering what people think of me now as opposed to what they used to think of me   give me some feedback 
tonight!!!! we dine!!!! in           either mcdonalds or maybe hardees? 0 o
ahh what a day  woke up too late and found light spots in my room  they were spots where my wall had come undone from my ceiling    and so now i gotta caulk them  lol
shew long day    well church and the the ymca tomorrow     weights anyone??
no one text me for awhile  i cant find my phone anywhere 
a lady found my phone at the stanaford bp gas station   i had alredy called there and they said they did not see it    so dont trust the ppeople who work at the bp beside <propmale> high school    they are about worthless  but now u can text me   smile 
headed to ohio today  be back the 27th  text me if ya want  304-578-7962  <propfemale> christmas!!  smile  thats right i put the christ right in that mas!! instead of being a stinking politically correct wuss cake and putting xmas instead  its christ christ christmas!!!!!
i am switching to virgin mobile so i  dont have a phone  if u need to contact me call me at 304-256-5948 or just message me on here 
still phoneless for a little while  should have one this week 
still no phone hopefully later in the week tho 
my cousin <propfemale> is letting me have her phone for the rest of my service year so ill have service tomorrow 
rough and rowdy brawl tonight  wish me luck!  joyful 
first round down  5 or 6 more to go  wish me luck  and my <propmale> <propfirst> oaks  he is doing his first pro fights tomorrow too 
shew! guess i coulda done better on that one!! well anyways beckley is march 25th     come watch
woman are a species of person that i will never      even hope        to understand  0_0
looking for a few extra sparring partners for tuesdays and wednesdays at 7  got a place and some equipmen   just bring yourself  text me smile 04-578-7962
awesome!!! finally my training pays off!! middle heavy weight champion of the welch rough and rowdy brawl  eli     the nightmaaaaaaarrreee     smith!!!!
feeling better than i thought i would about this   smile 
won the welch rough and rowdy two weeks ago and now the beckley tough man      finally i can take this head gear off and fight a pro bout!!! jesus was definately with me tonight  smile 
iv got a sports atv and about a $1000 to use buying a street legal motorcycle   any one selling one? ill be happy to take a look 
looking to buy a street legal motorcycle and sell my atv  any deals?
lifting the ol legs today     ugh    a weight lifters nightmare
phone is receiving texts but not sending them  so if you text ill probably have to call  lol
the phone is working again  just had to turn it off and back on  lol duh!
boxing got cancelled tonight  and the april 30th fight got moved to june the 25th!! gah!!!  sad 
"just did a work out on \jacked\"" and it was  friggen awesome!!!!"""
