ca2e88a69145507ed79c689d806044a7
training
feeling good 
i'm fixing my truck 
"boys gettin full of that texas t, we aint never ever tryin to be like yall, so yall know you really need to get like me "
"oh lord, raise me to thy right hand and count me among thy saints "
this will be a week of handling business!!!
"<propmale> lesner,    ahhhhhh    got yo dumb ass <propfirst> carwin!!!!"
its in the narrows 
"waiting on <propfemale>, hurry up and get home i wanna go jog or walk me, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, ace and brolly to the track!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
ha!!! got yo dumb assssss!!!
"<propfirst> howell, will be missed on earth but now he walks on streets of gold "
i need a sociology book and a basic nutrition book    anyone!~!
i need some golf clubs cause someone has got mine and i cant get a hold of them   can anyone help me out???
"maybe today i go get stronger maybe even faster, we all learn something new everyday so i will certainly be a little smarter; with every passing day i get a little bit more unstoppable and laugh a little bit harder at those who have ever doubted me ha ha ha you know who you are lol so go fuck yourself    ha"
"what is the thing i love most in life??? the answer is failer, to be beaten to be bested to fail    oh yes cause i know failer on one play, on one down, in even one aspect of life at all; to beat me means that you have succeeded , it means that i have failed and you came out on top    <propfemale> it you wont see it again "
"what is on for today? i got a little added motivation because to be honest i just a little bit tired of people who have yet to accomplish anything in life tryin to say that they on the same level as me; so i will now take away all doubt, if you want to find me you should look it the weight room  i will be the little guy thats doing twice as much weight as all the other big guys   wink "
"i see you looking at me, your about to get big faced if you don't stop it "
i am very very bored and wanting the rangers to hurry up and play so we can win this world series and be world champs and all that stuff but i am so bored waiting on it though somebody needs to say something 
can anyone say <propfirst> gruden next coach of the <propfirst> cowboys!!!
this is the official <propfirst> gruden for <propfirst> head coach bandwagon!!! if you are ready to join then like my status 
"dear 5 surprise 0, please hurry so i can go to the gym and get better   \\                                                                           your greatest love, <propmale> "
"every time i think about you my blood starts rushing, i just want to be inside of you  hurry up 5 surprise 0 so i can go to the gym   "
(to all the haters out there)    my day starts out just like any one else's  i'm just better than you thats all   
why does the sun where sun glasses??? because i jumped up there and punched his hoe ass in the eye and now his eye is black  he will think twice next time he wants to shine through my window and wake me up in the morning  punk ass 
"i feel shitty, but i bet i could still out do you when your at your best haters "
"back in the gym today baby, its going to be great just to be on the mats!!! \\     i stay flyyyyyyyy    iii   ii   ii!!!"
"killing haters \steam roll status\"" wink *"""
"another monday, another day to train and get better than you laugh    "
sleep - work - workout- repeat process
thank you to every one that wished me a happy birthday - regardless of a few <propmale> set backs i did have a good birthday  i made 21 my bitch i think i will make 22 my best friend and uh 23 had better watch their back lol cause im on my way niggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess its time to lift weights 
"hey i'm just me doin me and your just you doin you, but you should try to be a better you before you try to be a better me "
tonka
i hit haaaard!
i love working out!!! oh yeah
in 48 hours i will have a weight room in my house!!!! and with that i will be taking my life to the next level 
rylie helped me on my boatttttttttttttttttt 
"i have it all, i want more "
its all about urijah faber tonight baby    whooooaaaa yeah!!! and good luck to <propmale> aka able the unstable!!!
urijah faber baby!!! <propfirst> better get your self a tomb stone cause you about to get buried!!!
my striking is quickly becoming world class baby!!!
family guy and mma greatest things ever!
