793587c8198ea55d673423598627c844
tired kinda hot txt me 931-217-1965
real nerds spend 6pm to 6am on tribal wars all night because they had a new years speed round haha just pulled an all nighter and out of 167 players <propmale> roberts got 4th! haha yeah imma nerd and im going to chucky cheese in about 6 hours get over it!
tired sore somebody help me from this pain!!!
guy gives girl 12 <propfemale>s 11 real 1 fake and says ill love you till the last <propfemale> dies  love 
home wrestling match tomorrow everyone is invited!!!
ask me questions guys i dont answer if u anonymous a stupid question unless i feel lik    http annoyed  chatter com a 4r laugh 6?ref=nf
ask me questions guys i dont answer if u anonymous a stupid question unless i feel lik    http annoyed  chatter com a 4twfa?ref=nf
http annoyed  www myyearbook com ?mysession=bwfnx3d3ewrfy29tbwvudcz3awq9mzqyntq0mw== playing     http annoyed  chatter com a 4u64n?ref=nf
comment me pics got some fresh new ones  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a 4u6us?ref=nf
she can go lower than i ever thought she could face down ass up http annoyed  chatter com a 4uzp5?ref=nf
i hate bitches who throw love around accually not just bitches guys too stop ruining t    http annoyed  chatter com a 4ww63?ref=nf
i might delete my account again  if it keeps causing problems i will  http annoyed  chatter com a 4ycgo?ref=nf
la la la who cares anymore yesterday is over and now i relize shit went down yesterday    http annoyed  chatter com a 54hsh?ref=nf
i might delete my account again  if it keeps causing problems i will  http annoyed  chatter com a 54lrd?ref=nf
"ill watch the night turn light blue,but its not the same without you,because it takes     http annoyed  chatter com a 55bta?ref=nf"
before they invented drawing boards what did they go back too? http annoyed  chatter com a 5bqj9?ref=nf
"it's like an ex girlfriend, the farther away she gets the better she looks lmfao http annoyed  chatter com a 5braq?ref=nf"
"it's points in life that pop ur bubble and make u mad, breath slow down and calm down     http annoyed  chatter com a 5dd0i?ref=nf"
"it's like an ex girlfriend, the farther away she gets the better she looks lmfao http annoyed  chatter com a 5dfp9?ref=nf"
"cause ill dose of safe and soundly,but ill miss ur arms around me,ill send a post card    http annoyed  chatter com a 5fkmw?ref=nf"
"wrestling yard sale may 15th we need some new mats, senior yr next yr i wanna wrestle clean and get first in state, lets go northwest support the school and team!!!!!"
"aww me tummy hurts, but i still have to perform tonight  when my friends posts it on f    http annoyed  chatter com a 5lwtx?ref=nf"
cabaret was nice not as good as yesterday personally but hey o well gettin ready for sunday now  smile  and i love how it ended and only that person knws why  smile  night guys
hmmmm idk why but tonight just seems to be the worst of nights http annoyed  chatter com a 5qoqr?ref=nf
ask me stuff on myyearbook  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a 5ti61?ref=nf
come on ladies and gents ask me sum questions i dont bite http annoyed  chatter com a 5tost?ref=nf
rain rain go away come back never haha football in the rain was fun landed in like 5 puddles and no school tomorrow woot woot
wanted to go bowling like i normally do    guess my dads work got in the way       i thought he quit to be with us      
i dont wanna sit in 3rd period tomorrow for 2 hours    hopefully my dad will let me stay home for 3 hours then go to school late   come on dad please!!!
hmmm lets see schools over if i dont talk to you in schoool dont be shy just message me ill see you next year  smile 
if you choke a smurf wat color does it turn????
its past 1130 i dont feel like dealing with bullshit tonight ughhhhhhhhh damn it
things cant always be perfect for me they are far from it but i take each day in and stride for perfection whether its reachable or not   
couldnt fall asleep right now if i wanted to     save me from hellllll please!!!!
idk why my dad percedes to make my life a living fucking hell someone when tell me why please
was up till 645 this morning then i crashed wow
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com donovan_r
i just connected my facebook to my stickam com account!  come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com hotguy007
work at 2  way to damn hot outside imma fry like a fish  laugh  haha someone message me my tummy hurts  loved seeing the freshman accually a lil excited about school cant wait to mess wit some of them  i know alot more freshman than i thought loveya guys haha  smile 
just got done running 2 <propmale> walking 3 and biking 4 1 2 wrestling season here i come if u start conditioning early youll be better in feburary
school tomorrow cant wait to see everyone i miss all of you make sure its a big gay hug fest hahahahaha jkkk
yo guys if u dont have ur schedule powerschool is up check it out woot woot right now i have 1  journalism smitherman 2  economics skau 3  govt offutt 4  spanish 2 tejeda 5  physics mrs  g (should be mainstream with mrs riggins) and 6  english 4 burgess which i heard is a great teacher  smile  i like my schedule
"love means to commit oneself without guarantee, to give oneself completely in the hope that our love will produce love in the loved person  love is an act of faith, and whoever is of little faith is also of little love "
last day of work at pool it closes today then going to a lake type pond for our guard party gonna have a blast love yall  laugh 
it rained and the humidity is ridiculous!!!! today seems like just another wasted day inside  laugh  i hate heat  sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=w_cgo0q7krk this was the hilarious you guys should watch it
"don't go around saying the world owes you a living  the world owes you nothing  it was here first  \<propfirst> twain"
"god writes a lot of comedy    the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny  \~garrison keillor~"
"i still find each day too short for all the thoughts i want to think, all the walks i want to take, all the books i want to read, and all the friends i want to see  \~john burroughs~"
"every man will die, but not every man will live  \~mrs  burgess~ 6th period english  smile "
"well open up your mind and see like me\open up your plans and damn you're free\look into your heart and you'll find love love love love\listen to the music of the moment babay sing with me\i love peace for melody\and it's our god-forsaken right to be loved love loved love loved"
"life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh  \~george <propmale> shaw~ \finally found the quote i've been looking for i live by this everyday   laugh "
apologizing - a very desperate habit - one that is rarely cured   apology is only egotism wrong side out 
i dont have a great quote for today im being lazy hahaha  laugh 
i got more happy birthdays on facebook then in school how sad  playful 
"hmmmm fake people all around these days so so sad o well doesn't affect me any, but i feel bad for some friends "
"not absolutely the coolest thing, but i'm the escort for fbla go me  laugh "
glee was awesome tonight haha thats right imma nerd now get over it haha
totally just confused on what i should do  laugh 
i never knew i could be beaten by math i just epicly fail *crys*
is it possible to be gay by something you post related to nothing about another guy haha???? i swear pure idiots sometimes 
so sore  laugh  muscles failing    death
omg guess what????? what? huh? what? what did u say? i said what to your omg guess what haha
its funny u post things on here u dont want ur parents to see then they comment it when u totally forgot they had a myspace  so so funny
932 wake up time after homecoming night my legs are killing me  laugh 
off to my boring life again txt me while im gone  laugh  931-217-1965
back from bros soccer game team lost 4-2 but he scored both goals go him haha
never ever ever dive for another football again cause u hurt ur pinky finger  laugh ddd i epicly failed
some people live different lives and adapt to others to make them happy i just want you to be yourself so i can be myself  smile  ~donovan roberts~ created this on spot o i feel good about this one haha
"if i had one wish, we would be best friends\love would never end, it would just begin\if i had one wish, you would be my boo\promise to love you, trust me i'll trust you\if i had one wish, we would run away\making love all day, have us a baby\if i had one wish, i'd make you my whole life\and you'd be my wife, make it right this time"
"life is full of money, material items, entertainment, or the so called \pursuit of happiness\"" but what is life without true love? some people say they are \""unlovable\"" but everyone is lovable just doubt themself instead of staying optimistic  instead of thinking about what ur crappy life will bring u next dont think so hard its only literally just around the corner  smile """
"when you see my face \hope it gives you hell\hope it gives you hell\when you walk my way \hope it gives you hell\hope it gives you hell\if you find a man that's worth a damn and treats you well\then he's a fool, your just as well, hope it gives you hell"
life has tossed me many things this past week and i think i finally understand why     im starting over and i want nothing to do with my past mistakes or anything that will bring drama or hell upon my life   im gonna try and do the improbable and start over and maybe this time get things right    
who made life hard? cause i wanna kick this guys ass      
i caved and added the facebook mobile go me haha \\n*shrimp*
didnt sleep very well last night 530 to 800 is not a good sleeping schedule  laugh  anyways looking forward to a better day  smile 
poker   wat an interesting game
im not a little kid anymore i dont have the energy i used too  laugh  these kids are wearing me out!
you give this girl a drank and she is your's and your friends fo da night     damn dude thats cold
not in the mood to finish my english essay  laugh 
why is it when things are so right they still seem to be so damn hard    
"post this if you know are related to someone who suffers from being a <propfirst> cowboys fan  being a cowboy fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously! there is still no known cure for dcf & sympathy does not help  we can raise awareness! 90% of cowboy fans won't repost this because they don't know how to copy and paste   \\i'm just sayin my dads a <propfirst> fan and im totally rubbing it in his face!!!!!"
great day planned ahead  smile  bowling with <propfemale> then the mall and a movie! considering buying a new game or some nice sleep pants ugh decision decision decisions warmness or epicness i just cant choose!!!!! haha
okay so girls cross country ran at 10 and guys at 1045 anybody wanna tell me how they did????
omg seriously its been all day and nobody posts  on facebook how nw did at state for cross country how depressing  sad  did it go that bad?
like omg glee is totally on tonight    wait i just got black ops    what a dilemma!  laugh 
if you see a veteran today take the time and shake his or her hand they surely deserve a little thanks!  laugh 
1015 at night a gameinformer my computer and nothing to eat or should i say not able to eat  laugh  (life of a wrestler and his weight sucks)   boy i hate restless nights  laugh 
"takedown tournament today 3 wins no loses  scores: 8-2, 15-0,  surprise  not a bad start"
i hatre sickness     i have a fever sore throat and i cant breath out my nose  laugh 
poke war declared against <propfemale> hickman!
i don't know what it was but i just had a mood swing   
not something to really brag about but im happy  ran 7 1 2 <propmale> in 55 <propfemale>  if my calculations are correct that 7:20 a mile its decent for a non-runner like me  also my scale reads to me 104 pounds im so close to getting down to weight for wrestling  waking up at 5 to run some more wonder how much i can really do 
i've come to the conclusion that some well most people are allergic to hard work
just got done workin out with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  we going to some place on post tomorrow  we gotta be down to weight by tuesday to make the team better  what's a good way to get rid of joint pain in your legs?
"i made it haha! i got down to 102 9 today i'm finally under 103  first matches tomorrow against mcgavock, hume fogg, and west creek  looking to come out on top  smile "
won all 3 matches today wrestled up to 112 and i'm looking great and clean  it was a fight though my face is messed up haha  smile  2nd match was forfiet 3rd match pinned guy in a little over a <propfemale> 
just got done working out and on the way home saw smitty running with these leopard print arm things on it was funny 
do you not look in the mirror when you get dressed in the morning? no you cant cause you broke it!    <propfemale> hickman    smile 
"i'm scared of even the possibilities of losing  whether it's 1% or 100%  night before matches are always the most restless  even with complete confidence how can i be scared? a famous president once said thing only thing you have to fear is fear itself but what if he lied? is there more than just fear? i don't know, but i have a feeling this will be a long night    "
making weight sucks but completly worth it 10 <propfemale> till end of class  then <propfemale>d shift to wrestling 
for the team it was a little disappointing getting our faces smashed by franklin    but i won both my matches i am currently 5-0 and still rollin strong 
came out of practice 103 0 get to eat a sandwich tonight  laugh  i hurt my elbow though just a little sore 
officially 7-0 got a good match today forfiet then a pin  cant wait for saturday at harpeth invitational hoping to get first  smile 
love waking up at 4 to leave for tournament at 515 in the morning  smells like wrestling season!
im 2-0 at todays tournament and im in the finals  1 pin in 31 secs and the other in 24 secs  1st place here i come!!! 9-0 overall right now 
guess who got first at harpeth! this guy did!!!
"<propmale> roberts is 10-0 and the harpeth invitational 103 pound champion  thursday we have rossview, cheatham, and glencliff and saturday is clarksville high slamfest  till then i'm hungry haha"
i'm curious haha  i wanna play this number game so go ahead send me some <propfirst> haha ill comment back as needed  thanks  smile 
"a normal person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i\know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are\my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is\fighting for your freedom, please post"
17-0 after yesterday's tournament 3 pins and a default forfeit  2 pins at 112 and 1 at 103 
why does everyone want the snow to leave im excited for it haha
instead of me texting 100's of people i'm just gonna inform you on here  my grandpa died yesterday afternoon  i am leaving tomorrow morning afternoon for new jersey and i wont be back till friday night or saturday morning  if you wanna txt me while im gone go ahead 931-217-1965  i dont know what else to say 
nooooo we are gonna do horrible on exams now    
107 5 and gotta be 103 in a little over 24 hours  laugh  looks like i'm running in an ice storm tonight 
it's wrong to ever split an infinitive ~woody paige~
told myself go to sleep      i didnt listen and hopped on facebook haha
everyone should poke me!
24-0 is what <propmale> roberts  had to stop one match cause the other kid had ring worm  laugh  i wanted to finish that match 
i'm tired of feeling like crappp!!!!
glad i have a few days to rest from wrestling my body is physically beat up  laugh  sometimes i ask myself if it's worth it  then i see the guys head about to pop off while im pinning him and go hell ya!  smile 
why does my phone hate me and not wanna send messages!!!!!!!
you know what really grinds my gears???? you <propfemale> f*ck you!!! back to you <propmale> 
"i once knew a fellow named urchin \who was constantly jerkin his gerkin \his mother said urchin \quit jerkin your gerkin \some day you'll need it for ferkin "
seriously tired of people ignoring me 
can't i go just one day without upsetting somebody      seriously  
to all you auburn fans: cam <propmale> is a cheater and cheaters never win!
home wrestling match tomorrow  we go against west creek and montgomery central  let's see that viking support in the stands  smile  no fights this time?
to all friends: don't poke me if you don't want to be poked back  laugh 
confused  poll time  what should i do? marines or college? or college through marines? i'm lost   
"questions and answers?\can you have light without dark?\can you have good without evil?\can god exist without satan?\are we born evil or good? or niether and we grow good or evil?\discussions are greatful "
"if hancock can't die, does he need to breath? movie is on tv and it struck my mind "
cowards die many times before their deaths -<propmale> caesar-
hmmmm i have a big feeling we wont have school tomorrow 
can't sleep  matches tomorrow decide if we go through <propfemale> or fail through failure  so tonight nothing matters     i'll just sit here and work out a little how does 1000 crutches and 500 push-ups sound?
"can't be more mad at the referee from the dickson match, we lost that match cause of him  senior and never got to go to state with my team     biggest devastation ever      "
you have no friends if your only vent is facebook  playful 
hate nights when i cant sleep  sad 
hate nights when i cant sleep  annoyed  save me from this restlessness 
ugh ugh ugh      all the words required 
<propfemale> was right  i think i have strep  laugh  probably won't be in school tomorrow   
"be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are  \~john wooden~"
"i hate the steelers, but sadly they will smash the packers  sad "
commercials are the best part of superbowl  new fast and furious movie and captain american! sweet! oh and of course the doritos commercials are the best! guess what i spend 3 million dollars a year on doritos for these dang commercials!  laugh 
holy shit i didn't know slash was gonna be on at half time!!!!!
what's a beiber? kinda looks like a girl! haha great commercial
"\your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul\"""""
"the last two days of my life i've had state practice at chs  yesterday i felt terrible, today i pushed myself even harder and feel like i can take on the world  i don't know about you, but i'm ready to wrestle thursday, friday and saturday  you want to take me down you gotta get past my hands first  let's see you try "
"first time on facebook in two weeks  oh, how i miss the internet  oh well i get over it as usual  i feel like things are better now "
"first time on facebook in two weeks  oh, how i miss the internet  oh well i get over it as usual  i feel like things are better now "
stopped by <propfemale> recruiters office today  i ship at the beginning of september  guess it's time to start the adult life???
