dcc30fe91d5ed724f502269b142f0a62
just got back from vashon and everything seems different
found out someone has toilet papered my house  troubled  i just love making new friends  playful 
i cant believe i had to make a new facebook! now i need to start all over again - -
winter break ftfw woooooooooooot!!!!!!!!!
avatar!!!!! thats pretty much it o o (must see movie of the year!)
just learned how to play games and do homework all at the same time  playful  this will be one fun weekend!!!
i got asked to go <propfemale> with some friends for tolo!! i think it will be <propmale> fun =p (tolo???)
"only 4 years to go, then i can move out of my parents house    *sigh* that would be the life =p"
woot! it's a great day and i love it! so many good things seem to be going my way and its a good change of pace =p
"i had the best day ever at lunch today, i have not laughed that hard in a very long time! i thank all of the teagans out there for your support =p go teagan!  o o! teagan bourgette <propfemale> laush"
slowly noticing how fun life is when you do your homework and try your best  laugh 
"ugh! the more i practice my presentation the more i mess up, i hope i can pull it off in time for tomorrow, wish me luck improv people!!! (thumbs up for improv!)"
a great day cut short but a t  time  annoyed  lets hope tomorrow goes better 
"today is better then yesterday, i hope tomorrow is just as good or better"
yeah! just beat gow3!!!!!!! only took 7 hours and 18 <propfemale> to finish and my whole saturday night and sunday morning =p now time to sleep
"just got home from kick-ass woooooooooo!!!!! is definitely in my top 5 movies of all time! must see movie, if of course you don't mind some blood and awesomeness!!! (5 5)"
asking myself how i can show my parents what work i do in class when the teachers don't update skyward  annoyed 
"just getting home from the movie \how to train your dragon\"" (3d) is definitely in my top 5 movies of all time! it really is amazing i highly recommend it 5 5"""
seeing avatar for the second time is even better than the first! 5 5 just hearing that they are thinking of making avatar movie number 2 and 3! should be very interesting to see how those movies turn out    movie number two is taking place in the ocean!
"i was always told to take what life throws at you    its my turn to start giving back to everyone that have helped me change for the better ^^ life is going great and there is no end in sight  laugh  movies with brother, getting better grades, and helping my friends and family that have helped me all these years i love you guys!"
"re-discovered a band i used to love, i am now getting all the songs i can  laugh "
if school carried on to saturday i think i would die from exhaustion
very confused
wonder what i should do now  annoyed 
"halo reach first impression (5 5) good graphics good gameplay, can't wait to play new maps and modes"
hate teachers that say you have work turned in     then say you do not have it turned in      annoyed 
talking to an old friend is awesome! 3 cheers for 55 <propfemale> convo!
i want to do something this weekend but i am unsure what it is i wish to do   
"if zombies where to attack tomorrow     where would i go to meet up with friends    more importantly, will school be canceled?"
"4 day weekend here i come! glad that i have 4 days to myself, gives me at-lest 2 days to do homework   laugh "
being forced to catch up on the twilight series because dad wants to see the 3rd movie  annoyed  why must i suffer?
"three musketeers last night was awesome, better than i thought it would be, sad to see them say goodbye to the seniors  sad  still, one great night"
"so pissed off, went to download late work so i can turn it in tomorrow, will not download, can not finish late work! i am freaking out "
hate when you think you find someone you really do like then the parents get involved  annoyed  what a way to start the summer eh?
"am filled with joy and happiness but at the same time feel very sad, i wonder why? was a good day yet feels like something is wrong or missing"
watching this tennis game with isner vs  mahut they have broken the world record of longest match in the history of tennis with a play time of 7 jours and 5 <propfemale> 36-36 and still going
his summer just gets better and better! got the beta key for starcraft 2! i must be the last <propmale> user to get one 
"want to <propfemale> out or go do something!!!!!!! call me if you want to <propfemale> out \425-232-7439"
"getting group together to go see \despicable me\"" this friday message back if you want to go """
"today i am seeing \despicable me\""!!!!"""
"despicable me was a great movie!!! definitely in my top 5! must see!\i give this a 5 5"
"dinner for schmucks is a very entertaining and funny movie, while it is funny, it also has a meaning behind it and is very touching  the amount of trouble these two get themselves in makes it worth while to see  i strongly suggest you go and see the movie \i give it a 5 5"
"drama - <propfemale> marriott\french 1 - <propfemale> saint-denis\world history 10 - <propfirst> shaw\biology - <propfemale> lee\english 10 - mr  watrous\geometry  - <propfirst> beck \this school year should be very interesting"
where do you fit in a wolf pack? -- my result: beta wolf  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 35333 referrals status?aid=100000319494676
"happy to be here and ok after crashing my atv a few hours ago, i only have a few bruises and cuts"
"i love sitting in my room listening to music, talking to friends, texting, and doing homework all at once, i think i have finally found my way of life"
am suddenly realizing how nice my friends are     it is rather creeping me out
life is awesome
i hate it when parents act like they know exactly what goes on in school and how your teachers grade
homecoming day was awesome! a very perfect day to the start of the perfect weekend
horoscopes are scary
best homecoming game ever!! we kick ass! 49-7
is it possible to get homecoming tickets at the doors to get in? or do they not sell them after thursday
got my homecoming clothes
"homecoming was amazing, i am fairly sure that i lost 10 pounds  laugh  thank you for the best night of my life (<propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>) i love you guys!"
does anyone get freaked out on how accurate the horoscopes are? or am i crazy 
"i think i caused some damage to my shins from last night  oh well, it was worth it"
finished the weeks homework for 3 out of my 6 classes in under 30 minutes
"a great class just went bad, guess i can only blame myself for it though, lets hope it goes back to the way it was before long"
really wants a hug
"what happened to the week? monday started off perfect and then it all went downhill, what do i need to change in order to get back on my feet?"
"today started off good, and ended perfectly, thank you mr  geometry teacher, and people in that class!"
just realized that his friends are the ones making him happy
my parents are trying to force me to hand out <propfemale> even though i really don't want too  i think they are more lazy than i since they are right by the door 
tomorrow and tuesday people will be able to write on my shirt as a late halloween costume  must use blue pen 
i think i upset one of my friends but i am unsure how 
"am planning to go to megamind this saturday, anyone want to go?"
finished the most most difficult homework yet     now i have nothing to do for the next 5 hours
truth is   
is it bad if i said i would rather be at school than my house?
geometry class made my day awesome!
"my first play in high school is at 7 surprise 0pm tonight, wish me luck"
last night was awesome! we got one more play to do before i need to say goodbye to drama class 
"awesome day, so many things went perfect, how can this school year get any better?"
just noticed i was doing a yes no game thinking there was an end to it     40 minutes later i realized that there was no end
truth is    (for all the new people that are my friends)
its snowing!!!!!!!! snow snow snow snow snow!!!!!!!!!!!!
"did everyone wake up and see the snow at the same time? every post about snow says \5 hours ago\"" wtf am i missing out on?"""
"awesome time with my brother <propmale> and his friends <propmale> and alleshia at the snow covered hills at meadowdale high school, you guys are awesome!"
no school tomorrow (the 24th) anyone like that?
someone come kill me    this has to be one of the most boring days of my life  and there is still 5 hours left in the day
awesome thanksgiving!
awesome 16th b-day got to come home early and open peasants  i fear that those where my last hours as a young lill 15 yr old because after all the gifts i had to do homework that i am still working on to this very second  but non the less i love my family and all my friends for the kind words and help ^^ you all deserve a big hug  laugh  lets hope i can start to enjoy my gifts tomorrow 
"last night was one of the best nights i have had in a very long time, thank you to all that where there to enjoy it with me  i love you guys!! ^^"
"come and get it! \-drama 2010 12 8 10"
just got done with with best 6 hours of my life!  laugh  thank you so much for the adventure 
day started off good and then went bad    school can't come any sooner for me  sad 
was a very good day over all    fun day in classes and a good walk with my best friend ^^ so far it is a good start to my winter break
having a fun time talking to my two best friends in the world
woke up at 10 surprise 6 am      24 hours here i come
[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do  [like] this status if you think am a good friend  [message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me   [comment]on this if we have had good memories  now let's see who's brave enough to copy this and put on their status?
14 more hours and my 24 hour stay awake challenge is done!     
exactly 12 hours as of right now!!!!! the end is in sight!
10 hours to go     starting to feel it now - - give meh strength mr  energy drink!
7 1 2 hours to go! feelin goooooood!!!!!
"who knew 30 <propfemale> could make me this tired  i am unable to continue on my adventure of 24 hours    looks like i wont see the sun pop up today  sad  good thing i have more energy drinks for later in the week! i must get one 24 hour challenge done before the end of winter break!!!! \(woke up->10 surprise 6<-start challenge->12 surprise 0<-ended->4:55am)"
wants a hug
12 smile 0 and still talking to best friend  laugh  i am seeing a pattern here
"awesome day, happy yet again ^^"
jiggly puff is awesome      packman your ok
am i awkward?
who needs love when you got friends ^^
just woke up at 3 smile 0 pm yay?
\boobs are like birthday balloons," you don't want them to deflate but you know they will at some point\""\"dcc30fe91d5ed724f502269b142f0a62,having a close friend can be the best thing on the planet ^^
staying up all night!!! ill find you <propfemale>
how come i am socially awkward?  o o
had a fun fight with the bro  smile 
a perfect day comes to a perfect end  smile 
looks like everyone is in a relaxed mood
"really excited for today, should be a really fun ^^"
"head hurts sooooooooo bad, night all"
later today i am going to a family get together and will kick ass on the kinect!
"very interesting day, woke up at 2 pm and went to a family get together at 6 where ii got more gifts ^^ was an over all fun day, on the ride home i realized what my new years resolution was going to be, and i feel the year of 2011 is going to be the start of my life for the better "
"having a great night, ultra maga happy and am glad i am talking to my best friend in the whole world!"
"does anyone think its weird that i want to be a physiatrist (no idea if thats how yo spell it, hope i did not spell the wrong one  annoyed )"
would a <propfemale> pool work?
i feel torn and do not know what to do
i gots me some vans!
should i start writing notes on facebook about dreams i have? o o they are getting more and more frequent
decided i will make notes on facebook about dreams i have and what i find out on what they mean 
i want to make ferro fluid!
i be stupid
"post this as your status even if your \taken\"" & see what they want ! what would you want from me ? inbox only!\",dcc30fe91d5ed724f502269b142f0a62,tosh is about to have its best season yet!
"i be bored, someone text me!!!!!"
hmmm      the entire day has felt awkward    i wonder why? is it something i did today o o
anyone want to talk? o o
i think i worry to much
"i am so bored, school work and studying can only keep my attention for so long, anyone want to text me or something?"
"nice relaxing and stressful day, tons of work left to do but i am going to take some time to myself to think about things, talk to friends, and blare the music =p"
"work has killed me, i need my sleep now - - ill talk to you all tomorrow!"
i have been trying to sleep for the past 3 hours and i am still up - - i am very tired but i can't sleep
7 layer bars = the best thing on the planet
hmmm i got half of the 7 layer bars in a tin     i wonder if i should bring it to school tomorrow =p
"just forgot i still have an entire essay to write for world history and biology work, things just got real"
when does the next sparticus series begin?
someone want to talk while i do my work so i do not lose my personality and well being in this crap called finals
bam two finals down and all that is left is biology!!!!
finals done omg!!!!!!!!! this weekend is going to be so sick ^^
anyone up for a chat??
spent the past hour playing dead space 2       good bye sleep
think ill play some dead space 2 to see if i can keep myself awake a bit more
anyone want to <propfemale> out? i'm about to die of boredom
playing dead space 2    time to get scared =p
oh dead space    why do you make me so happy but at the same time i am unable to sleep at night
just beat dead space 2       was a horrible idea to beat it at midnight
killzone 3 beta!!!!!!
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status - i'll write random stuff on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic \put this as your status if you're brave enough "
feels so good to get everything out on the table    i wonder how it will go though
hate typing long msg to people and having them log off before i can send it
day has turned out to be awesome and fun    i love all you guys who are involved
good day
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status - i'll write random stuff on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic \5th person to like my status - i will do one favor for you \20th person to like my status - slap me (yes    20 likes)"
"if you love me , comment this status\if you think i am a good friend , like this status\if you ever had a crush on me , poke me\if you hate me , message me why\if your not scared , post this on your wall and see what you get!  smile "
i didn't get any crush cans  sad 
first person to like my status i will change my last name to yours for 1 week
anyone want to talk for an hour or so o o
"on my way to rent \life is beautiful\"""""
"just finished watching \the boy in the stripped pajamas\""      """
if you could change one thing about me    what would it be? (send in private msg)
was a very long day  but a good one
one of the best days i have ever had ^^
"bam! black swan was awesome!!!!! \i was scared but still was a very good movie\10 10"
fun at lunch and did better in geometry ^^
"rango!! awesome movie    had its weird parts but still a funny movie  \9 10"
why do i get tired then when i am ready to sleep i wake up and feel like i had a monster energy drink?
"number game, post in my inbox a number, and ill post about you!"
13579 - you are one of my new best friends and i hope our friendship lasts forever ^^ you are fun to talk to and make school way more entertaining  you are pretty damn cute too  laugh 
34569634597234562039465207436 - why such a long number? and how do i know you o o
"69 - you are really like a brother to me  you are by far one of my best friends and you have been the nicest person to me these past few months, i love you bro"
"1982127 - we do not talk as much as i would like to, but you are a very fun person to talk too ^^ you make it fun to stay up late on facebook haha"
1111111001010101010101010101010101 - you are pretty damn cool but that's it =p
 annoyed  i need someone to talk to =  
does anyone want to talk to me? i could use the company  annoyed 
parents cause so much stress and have only been home for a day - -
time to go to work =p see you all at 8!
tosh 0 is legit
pretty much    
"going on 4 days without a phone     yay     \if you have text me in those 4 days do not think i am ignoring you  my phone is just dead"
tomorrow is friday! going to be a good start to a great weekend =p
truth        is   
"hahaha dad is the best =p got episodes 3-10 on his and my new fave series! \the pacific\"" i wonder what i will be doing all day? =p"""
anyone want to buy a 28\ tv? only $20 =p if so call meh \,dcc30fe91d5ed724f502269b142f0a62,like my status and i will post on your wall my first impression of you
ugh omg i just realize i have like no friends with a last name starting in d     i will be so alone in my class lol
friday going to be sick!!!
"yay for thunder, lightning, and rain!!!!!! looks like someone pissed mother nature yeah?"
"looks like my own revolution is about to happen in school    i hope all goes well and will soon find out who the \real\"" people are"""
just wasted my day sleeping  i would be happy about it if i had nothing important to do - - whatever though guess my body needed the rest =p
like my status and i will post on your wall my friendship strength from 1-10 (1 being not friends at all)
jackass 3! finally
my night be great ^^
time for work! anyone want to come see me? =p
life just got awesome tonight ^^
hahahaahahahhahahaahahhkjwihkwhg       yep
i don't know what is going on!
idk what is going on right now but i think i fucked up? i will find out tomorrow i am sure
"bam! crysis 2 = done no idea how long it took me but i will assume 12 hours \i give it a 10 10"
wow what a filled day  lots of things that where done today  the things i do for my friends =p
great day
was a really fun day but a really weird day at the same time     lame!
moment of truth today for sure
was a pretty good day  did some things i never thought i would and felt more alive then ever before =p
"5 hours of sleep and got work at 3 =p\maybe i should take a 5 hour energy?"
everyone has been so quiet today =  
