1c853a08676c751e0ee00ebfde876e58
peppermint tea and house   love 
imma be 
enjoys eating soft tacos   love 
"likes how <propfemale> and i are so easily swayed  once high school's over she'll have crabs on her eyebrows and genital warts, and i'll have herpes and be addicted to crack  o:"
: my phone's turned off  please don't text or call  i'll have a new phone by tuesday or wednesday at the latest   smile  toodles!  love 
i think that the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that don't change; when everyone else does   love 
message me <propfirst>! i got a new phone and lost everyone's  d:
"i believe the sun should never set upon an argument, i believe that junk food tastes so good because it's bad for you  i believe in <propfemale>, what you give is what you get returned  i believe you can't appreciate real love 'til you've been burned  i believe the grass is no more greener on the other side, i believe you don't know what you've got until you say goodbye   love "
is completely and utterly confused    and fairly hurt 
is enjoying a steaming cup of peppermint tea   love 
"needs dayquil    no more nyquil, please and thanks   love "
i was harrassed long enough    i finally gave in  -__- new pictures up   love 
's childhood fears have been realized  i'm on <propfemale>'s naughty list   surprise 
got a new itouch for christmas!  laugh 
   rocking out to tainted love    gotta love 80's music   love 
2010's almost over   surprise  the year flew by!
needs some new reading material  don't suggest the hunger games  i already read it   wink  any others?
is thinking about dying her hair either a milk chocolate brown or a bright red   smile  opinions?
it's like one step forward and two steps back 
"\you never know how strong you are until being strong is your only option \"""""
go packers   laugh  cheeseheads ftw!
i need the summertime heat  i'm ready for it   love 
hey sexy lady- shaggy  wink 
love  dream  inspire  headbang   love 
i just found out how to make the shark smilie over the im on here  my mind has been blown   love 
dyed my hair yesterday   laugh 
"dance there upon the shore; what need have you to care for wind or water's roar? and tumble out your hair that the salt drops have wet; being young you have not known the fool's triumph, nor yet love lost as soon as won, nor the best labourer dead and all the sheaves to bind  what need have you to dread the monstrous crying of wind?"
"\don't do anything you wouldn't want to e playful lain to the paramedics \""  love """
"\you were born an original  don't die a copy \""  love """
"i'm tired   smile  hit me up and we'll make plans for break, yeah?  laugh "
"\the doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live \""  love """
"\being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect  it means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections \""  love """
