fcb4d214b06c3f3247f3a9c1075e2c20
i had lots of fun in il last weekend   eventhough it was like 115 degrees   i got to see route 66!!!!
"i think i am the only one who can say that i have had a sister drop a clip in a cappi bara's habitat in the zoo  yup, the one and only selah!"
"i will never put frozen pizza's in the oven for kids when i am baby sitting  1st thing that happened about a year ago, it ended up on the floor  this time, i have a large burn on my arm that most likely will never go away   "
heading to kentucky with seven sisters in the car  i pretty much just listened to my ipod the whole time to avoid the noise   
it is sooooo stinkin' hot here    i have headaches every minute   dirt everywhere   bees in the cabin   what else? havin' a good time though so i don't care 
had to say good bye to everyone today   it was so depressing   i hate saying good byes 
could have sleep all day   i was so tired from camping   i am still 1 2 asleep
just now found all these scratches on my feet from rocks   i wonder why   
leaving camp was soooo sad  but i cant wait till next year!
cant wait until the weekend!! yeah!
today i am going to relax and get all of my energy back!
watched one night with the <propmale> last night   love that movie
made 2 duck tape roses on pens! they are gorgeous!
my legs are sooo tired from walking up and down the stairs!
"i am bored   have nothing to do   do not want to read my books for english    oh dear, what to do   "
"when i was making eggs today, instead of cracking the egg into the bowl, i cracked it and then opened it up so it dropped in the sink    brilliant right?"
"have a sore throat, and i am sooooo tired    maybe it is because i was in a pool with screaming girls all day! mind you, i was not the one screaming   i was the one who got affected by it   headache!"
have world's worst headache
??????     sad 
"when i get older, i will be stronger  they'll call me freedom, just like a wavin' flag  so wave your flag "
?????????????
"feel like sleeping until 12 tomarrow   ya, in my dreams   "
started school today   yuck!
saw 2 creepy kids at the pool yesturday   
cant decide whether i should be excited or sad about starting biology   
"for those of you who start school tomarrow   good luck, and have fun!"
"icecream in the car, listening to tobymac  amazing how none of it ended up on the seats   "
think i lost my voice today   
\behind me, i heard the same man asking annoyed fcb4d214b06c3f3247f3a9c1075e2c20,loves when it is pouring rain outside and i get to be out in it with my bff 
started a really intense puzzle tonight    reminded me of winter   i thought of christmas   got cold    put it away    not ready for winter yet    
packers   vikings     come on packers! crush them!
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are    not   afraid to show it, repost this "
the smell of pumpkin bread fills the entire house   the holidays are on thier way!
i am exhusted    i want to sleep    
my tongue is randomly bleedin'     strange    
~~  sinking in homework  ~~
horrible sore throat   i cant talk or anything  it hurts to swallow    dang it! i hate it!
i dont think i have fully defrosted from last night    
my dad said i dont get any extra credit for drawing all over my math     dang it! i spent time on that!
"\i will brake these chains that bind me   happiness will find me   leave my past behind me   today my life begins   a whole new world is waiting   it's mine for the takin'   i know i can make it   today my life begins   \"""""
really wants an oreo    
got praised for proudly wearing my cross necklace downtown at the uw
"so, uh, i kid i was babysitting tonight randomly decided to throw a wooden spoon at my forhead   i was about it faint      it hurt really bad    "
thought it was really halirious to watch 2 dads playing <propfirst> karts    i was happily eating pie and ice cream up stairs when a loud yell from downstairs erupted   one of my sisters came up the stairs and told me that my dad had fallen off of a cliff   watching parents try and play wii is priceless            
my baby sister's birthday yesturday!!!!!! she is now officially 8!
"nearly froze outside   i was not prepared for this    wayyyyyyyy too cold      i could have used a little warning    a few days ago i was just wearing a long sleeve shirt and was not cold   today i walk out in 2 sweat shirts and 2 t-shirts and a light jacket, and i am still cold    "
got to illinois safely   slept for 2 hours in the car    walked in the door and had hot apple cider while watching christmas specials on hallmark    the holidays are really coming    
"sitting watching my uncle make tukeys, smelling my grandma's pumpkin pie, gazzing at the christmas tree lights   you really can't bet thanksgiving   well, until christmas that is     "
"we stoped at mcd's in walks a plump man with a white beard, little round glasses, <propfemale> cheeks and a red winter coat  selah's face glowed and she turned to look at me,\lexi! <propfemale> is here! <propfemale> eats at mcd's too! i want to go tell him what i want for christmas!\"" it took a lot of convincing before selah decided not to approuch him she agreed on the fact that <propfemale> might be here under cover """
"black friday has it's ups and downs  downs:wake up at 2, i feel sick an hour through, there are so many people i get over whelmed, it is freezing, and lines are horrible  ups:i got to go w  my mom, aunt, sister and grandma, you get really good deals, i can sleep during the day, the excitement of the people warms you up, and i got to look forward to hot apple cider when i got home "
home safely from illinois! now i miss everybody    christmas specials here i come!
"all time fav  hallmark christmas specials: the christmas card, silver bells, the christmas choir, christmas in cannan,the most wonderful time of the year, meet the <propfemale>'s (i think that is that it is called), and the three gifts  i know there are more, but the are my favs  if yal have cable you should try and watch these! they all have awsome story lines    the first 4 are all really touching   "
"it was snowing like crazy this morning    but then it stopped    and then it all melted away   well almost all     \it needs to stay    it needs to build up   it looks so pretty    especially on tree branches    and it sparkles in the sun    and it goes great with   hot chocolate   "
"everyone who knows my darling sister <propfemale> knows that she is just an angel  last year she ws diagnosed with epilepsy  she has been so brave and courageous  i know she has been a great example to me that even in the scariest times, you need to trust whole heartedly on god "
(continuing last one)   <propfemale> has a passionate love for god and constantly trusts in him to do whatever he has in mind  <propfemale> has an mri tomorrow and i wouldd like to ask you all to pray over dear <propfemale> 
watched white christmas!!!!
phia is in the mri right now     let prayers blanket her during this time    
"phia is out and well, we will find out the results on wednesday! there is still room to pray though, thank you every one who already are!"
"thinks a little caffine would be nice about right     now     i wonder why so many people are yelling \no!\"" at me???? strange       """
needs to change my profile pix     i am just too lazy    took a 4 hour nap today    still doesnt make up for that sleep that  lost though    
"because i probably will not be on tomorrow to say it then, happy st  <propfemale>'s day!!!!!"
it is soooo close to christmas!!!
i love all of my friends!!!!!  you guys are all really great!!!
shake it up   shake up the happiness   wake it up   wake up the happiness   come on ya'll   its christmas time    
i've been searching for you   i've been looking around   got my head to the sky and my shoes on the ground   in every town and city   wherever i roam   i want your spirit with me   i want to get lost in your spirit   
"'cause your my hero   you've already saved the day   'cause your my hero    and i know youre comin' back for me                \*jesus*"
the snow is melting in december   what is wrong?
"3 of my sisters got their hair cut and i got to do it! doubt it as much as you want, but it actually turned out really cute! i can cut hair   "
i feel sick        eating pizza didnt help either    doing geomerty just makes it worse    
i am beautiful because god made me and i am exactly how he wants me to be!
"my sister accidently misprounced \shoot\"" at the dinner table   """
"just realized how much i love the movie \remember the titans\"""""
my family needs alot of prayer   
"my dad was helping me with biology tonight and he only had 2 hours of sleep last night    so, he was e playful laining something to me, half through a word he just falls alseep  i crept away and started drawing and waited to see how long it would take him to figure out i wasnt there  10 mintues later     \lexi!\"""""
packers are going to own!
fell of my chair becuz i was laughing so hard
"hmmm, dont have the energy to do anything     "
"its you and me    and all other people and i dont know why, but i cant keep my eyes off of you   "
"i got so many cuts on one hand, it is better to just bandage the whole thing up   "
i  love  the minions in despicable me
"   beak open the sky to save those who cry out his name the one the wind and waves obey, strong enough to save you   "
pakers are goin' to the super bowl!!!!
all of our christmas celebrations have now finally ended    just now    no sorry- ten mintues for so ago   
i did not want to get up today  annoyed 
uhm     i like drawing   
i am sick of skittles      i am sick of sour cream and onion chips     and i am sick of lemonade     
english homework just got a lot more interesting with cascada going on in the backround   
i have got sooo much english homework to do that i dont want to do any of it    it doesnt sound interesting any more
boo
i officially have a wolverine band-aid on my arm and it is sweet  little kid band-aids are the best
"lets see       maybe i have so much on my mind, i dont have anything on it at all      "
"beaches, pretty houses, plam tree in my front yard, 80 degree weather, shops that you can walk to, no snow, what more can i ask for?"
"i saw a jellyfish    i took a picture of it, but i cant find it    it was outstanding   "
"an e playful erience at the beach when the sun was setting annoyed guy crawling out of the water like a zombie: \hey girls   you ah"," wanna play with me?\""\"fcb4d214b06c3f3247f3a9c1075e2c20,"and i know some day that it will all turn out   you'll make me work so we can work to work it out   and ill promise you, kid, that i give you so much more than i get    i just havent met you yet!"
"anaia's story  (non of these words are mistyped, thats just how she pronouces things!)\\mom"," dere was dis fly on me    and he sit on  my leg and i dont want her dere so i peecked up his dis (points to her torso) and i go 'pshk!' and i a squished her body  and his nos blood coming out  hes haves no blood in her body   i dont like her the fly   \"" \"fcb4d214b06c3f3247f3a9c1075e2c20,"i was on the beach, and me and anaia were bundled up with towels on my chair  while the sun was setting, we decided as long as we had to be there with the cool breeze blowing in our faces, we might as well occupy ourselves  now people, this is me and anaia i am talking about    so what did we do? we sat there and screamed different animal noises     what can i say? we bring the best out of eachother        smile "
"i feel bad for the lovers that go to lover's key park  they wont have a good time cuz they'd get eaten alive by the flies  yes the flies, you didnt hear me wrong  and the red ants, i got bitten by a red ant     "
got 5 spike belts today   feelin pretty happy
"selah's story time annoyed \lexi- now here is a story i'll tell you  when i grow up i will have 4 kids  2 boys and 2 girls  the boys names will be stinky pants and weird face  the girls will be hairy pants and hairy eyes      \"""""
my parent's room smells like dead fish    it's kinda gross    just glad i dont have to sleep in there!
"people have a right to their own opinions, but they need to have self control to control what they do with those opinions  the protestors at the capitol are going overboard  they are acting like little toddlers "
i am writing a research paper on a transcendentalist poet  anyone want to swap places with me?
"uhm, bye bye blonde! red for about    2 months   "
"something simple things are just too complicated to understand, but then sometimes the things that seem the most compilcated, are the simplest "
"it is 12 o'clock, i just got up  i had a great time last night, but i got a reeeeally bad headache afterwards   ate some cold fries on the way home and went straight to bed "
my phone is working again!!!! woot!!!
twiddledum and twiddlede
"i am offically a tibearox, soooo all of ya beware!!!!!!"
the best things someone will ever meet in thier lifetime are named <propmale> and <propfirst>
"i want to stay in my pjs all day  sound good? good, cuz thats what im doin!"
"    sickness is not good    i havent gotten sick in awhile, so i guess its now catchin up to me    maybe i should run faster   "
i officially really like the movie the iron giant  its pretty amazing    
ice cream time!!!!!!!!!!!!! yaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sugar high? nooooooo             playful 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the house is breaking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the hail is <propfemale> big!!!!!!!!!!!! and hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dj blow my speakers up tonight!
good night facebook    
