292c37e2b0b7df7ae5d7c988a5307d4c
went to a game got soaked and the cards lost what a crapy day
is bored and has nothing to do 
just read horoscope and something good is suppose to happen to me 2morrow  wonder what it is?
waiting for the snow that cancelled school?
gettin ready for uk 2 lose!
no wall no <propmale>! ha
has a project due tomorrow and has not started on it 
finally got the project done  i'm going to sleep half the day though 
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love on my mind "
i have a new cousin 
whats better than playing baseball while a huge storm is coming towards you? lol
is wondering if he is going to have a game today?
first home run of high school!
is thinking about going and hitting tomorrow anyone want to come with me?
laser tag is the shiz!!!
well tonight jus sucked!
in order to succed your <propfemale> for succes should be greater than your fear of failure 
"i do whatever it takes   when i'm with you i gets the shakes   my body aches when i ain't with you i have zero strength   there's no limit how far i would go no boundries no lenght   - eminem \space"""
"who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water, commin out the nozzle on the fire hose, flyer than swatters \<propfemale> man \smash an hour glass, grab the sand, take his hands an cup em, spin around to freeze the clock, take the hands of time an cuff em, <propfemale> man "
is having a kart kountry <propfemale> over  lol
looking at zen quotes that good ole coach williamson told me to look at  he was right that they do relax you 
"is going to the fair early, because uofl is sucking it up!!!"
what happened to the cardinals? lol  going to the reds playoff game if they make it  (knock on wood!)
has never seen so many idiots in one place before!!!
"one of the funniest shoe commercials ever   (d <propfemale>, and the chinese guy from the hangover) "
wish i could go to sleep! ugh   
time to go work 
watching the tip off of the ncaa basketball season 
well tonight is the kfc yum centers first mens basketball game and i thought there was a big event here last week  but i forgot who was there  can someone help me remember who was there     ?
then i saw here face! now i'm a believer!
what makes a leader? someone that you will follow somewhere that you would never go by yourself 
time for another long boring day of school  yay   
watching dude wheres my car! shiby!!
got a new phone hit me up  230 2948
bored as hell!!!!
who's ready for kentucky's beat down tommorow 
is waiting on this download that is averaging 1% to every 15 mins or so   
watchin step brothers!
early release days on monday are pointless   
just got home from practice  never thought i would stay 2 hrs after practice just to hit 
woo! i love saturday practices!!!!!!
i just saw a byu highlight and sombody but jimmer ferdete scored  wow im impressed 
you know what they say wood don't grow on trees 
woke up late today i lost my alarm 
"opportunities multiply as they are seized, they die when neglected "
saturday can't get here fast enough!!!
i can bend my knee to a 90 degree <propfemale>  woohoo!!! but still can't walk without the brace 
"off the e playful ress way, over the river, off the billboard, through the window, off the wall, nothin but net "
i feel 100x dumber after watching that movie!!!
mri on thursday  they <propfirst> the fluid and there was blood in it but he said that was normal  he thinks  i dislocated my patella (legement in knee) 
bellarmine national champs!!!!
"i don't get high, life keeps me at a pretty decent height "
what do you tell a guy with two black eyes? nothin you already told them twice  haha
