58a04f48b4c450a148f8971c6a0153a4
my computer crashed  sad  but i also get to borrow my mom's homgsomuchbetter computer  smile 
has a girlfriend  <insert ear-to-ear smile here>
no longer has a girlfriend 
"is on his way to bed  nighty night, peoples of love "
forgot to go to anime club meeting  t_t fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
suggests that getting a graveyard shift at a gas station in an attempt to attract hawt single women (sex may vary) simply does not work  or maybe i'm doin' it wrong 
"is tired of every girl he -actually- gets interested in, being taken "
"my black leather jacket has totally been found once again for its comfort, warmth, and sentimental value "
'sup world 
"i got new tires  387 total, but i feel hoss with new tires   smile "
and i wonder now why i <propmale> out with those that i did  i'm done 
"ah, if only emotions made logical sense  i'd be set for life, but sadly they aren't  fml"
suicide never looked a better solution  i'll survive though  be all the stronger and wiser for it  at least that's what i'm goin' for   laugh 
i roar like a lion <propfemale>! raaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwrrrrrr!!?
"so yeah, told my emotions they were being a bunch of faggots and to get over themselves "
another dark and <propfemale> morning   laugh 
"i haven't drank in so long, i feel like a drinking virgin "
"eff yeah, for being drunk   laugh "
"awww, thanks guys  love ya'll "
"i totally has christmas off, eff yeah "
roar  i shall pass judgment on your soul!
"i survived christmas <propfemale> working, did about $2,900, and an uncountable amount of sandwiches "
"(poke) me if you had or have a crush on me   \(like) this status if you think i'm a good friend   \(message) me if you ever wanted to date me   \(comment) on this status if we ever had any good memories  \now if your brave, you will post this as your status and see what you get"
"i have to ask myself how did i become this compromised, and how do i get out of this hole? did i dig it? am i still digging it? i most certainly don't know "
rawr 
madre 
"ugh, everyone i know is totally staying in tonight  fml"
"let's see how creative my fb friends are  leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name  it can only be 1 word  then paste & copy this to your status, so i can leave a word about you   don't just leave a word & not copy  that's no fun! ok, i played let's see if anyone else has nothing to do for a moment"
"easy a, epic movie  just watched it  loved!~!"
yeah  i'm attacking the ice on my front porch with a sword and alcohol  seriously 
"i feel like the <propfemale> of alcohol at the moment  a case of black <propfirst> cola, a case of hornsby's apple cider, cpt  <propfirst>, <propfirst> daniels, skyy, and <propfirst> cuervo  i must admit, i'm pretty effin' amazing   smile "
i know i was in the wrong  but i think i'll simply avoid people for a long while 
blargh!
i is all watching the soul eaters and stuffs 
soul eater  amazing stuff 
goblins and oglaf are quite hilarious   laugh 
hope that interview went well for them  really do want this job 
"oh, just checked it  guess it didn't go so well  that sucks "
"ugh  i is all sick and shit  swallowing, difficult  headache on and off  body is sore  and i is sleeping a lot  till just a moment ago, i hadn't ate anything for about 24 hours "
<propfirst> bit my wenis  d:
looking up creepy shit while simultaneously listening to sweeny <propmale> soundtrack  yeah     the daylight keep me safe plz!!!!
t_t creepy!
uuuuuuuuugh  toothache  it won't go awaaaaaaaay  *cry*
" me complains about the weather \i just have my shower head left going, gaiz  t_t"
i landed a new job with the indian hospital  \\o  yaaaaaaay!
"8 bags of 4 different kinds of cereal, 4 boxes of chicken and 4 of beef ramen, 3 large deals of folgers coffee, 4 different types of creamers with a generic big container of generic creamer, 4 deals of kool-aid  set for zombie apocalypse? i think so, sir  i think so "
almost done with orientation  sweetness!
i so totally want skyrim when it comes out!!!!!!
"urgh  random depression  gheeeeeeeeeeeeey  ah well though, nothing <propmale>, it'll be gone after i sleep  night gaiz "
needs to get laid?
just beat dragon age 2  super happy  going to bed now in order to get up for work  i'ma wake up with a super grin on my face though   laugh 
rawgh! today was pretty good  hope tomorrow is too 
"just watched skyline  it was pretty epic  cliffhanger ending, but still awesome "
"alright now squirrelly  this ends now!!!! i, sir, am the master status uploader  and you, sir, are in the shower  bahahahahahahaha!! muahahahahahahahahaha\\-ashla_ &hearts;"
"complicated feelings for a complicated person, none of it good  think i'ma start getting out of the house so i can play with xylan though  love that kid "
"getting back into sitting in my cave all the time, and playing aetolia  herpa derp!"
"friend got me 2 new games, realized i had to buy 2 other games  other people knocking my xbox while games are in them  why can't i have anything nice?  sad "
"kiros, and <propfirst> goes grrr    were both amazing  good night "
"good night  got me some skullcandy, and went to bomboy blast 2  tornadoes scared us into the cellar, but the spirit of the music never faltered "
"so, it was a pretty amazing night tonight  my hearts cry, and oberon were pretty amazing  tomorrow is going to suck though  my head will decide that it doesn't want to stay upright anymore  so  much  headbanging!"
ahhhhhh hacked again!!!
"<propfirst> strikes once more! squirrel, you should log out more often, this was too easy  that is all "
