6f26f1df0dbf5889db3704b19cec93ee
after waking me in the wee hours this morning the weather sure is different this afternoon!
"there is the smell of wood smoke and chainsaws around, still recovering from fridays mess "
"i wonder if congress taxes my health care if my employer will not <propfemale> it any longer? maybe that is what they are banking on, everyone on the government dole   i don't think so!!"
"i think i will go to bed now  got to work later on   such fun   maybe i will win the lottery one day and retire!! i am not holding my breath on that one  but, it would be nice "
hope everyone has a safe fun filled 4th of july!!
i wonder who won the bama game? i missed it again 
trying to come down with the creeping crude!!
"awake, asleep, awake, asleep    man my sleeping hours will really be messed up when i go back to work  trying to get over creeping crude  gave part of it to my wife "
"sort of been out of wack with this cold and cough still giving me fits, and then yesterday my phone fell off my belt and one our drivers ran over the edge of it with a semi-truck  needless to say i was glad i had insurance, cuz the phone didn't work no more  the fedex'd me one and it came today    yeah!! tried using my wifes antique phone but it wasn't the same, it doesn't take pictures or even access the internet!!"
gotta hit the rack  taking my wife to the gun range in the am to bust a few caps in a target or too!!
"saw today that the annual turkey season in arkansas has been cancelled!! bummer know some guys that are not going to like that  guess they will have to go to the gun range and bust a few caps to get over their need for the smell gunpowder, like i did today "
"o'reilly mid-south nationals this weekend in memphis, tn, nhra at its best!! drag racing nothing better "
"it's race day!! memphis motor sports park, nhra drag racing, lets hope antron brown does it right!!"
how about that alabama beat ole miss at home   roll tide!!
wish the dang phone would quit ringing so i could get some sleep!!
"i owe, i owe its off to work i go!!"
on the way to dentist   such fun on a rainy monday 
i owe i owe its off to work i go!
is mad that dover sports who owns the memphis motorsports park is shutting it down due to economic reasons  it had been up for sale but who has 5million dollars laying around? 23 seasons of drag racing flushed down the drain! now what will i do? <propfirst> or bristol? boycott st  <propfirst> that is where their other track is at!!
wish his vacation was longer!
navistar to cease making school buses at conway plant 
"whoo hoo how about that alabama team, beating lsu "
to all my fellow veterans   thank you for your sacrifice in serving your country!
"typical arkansas weather, you don't like the way it is, wait a little while and it will change good or bad!"
it's raining outside   i gotta take a nap   have dentist appt  at 8:40am  bummer  
gotta go check my eyelids for holes   have to hit the salt mines again tonight!
"be mindful of what you install now days!! one of my facebook friends system was hacked and i had to reinstall my windows installation this morning, coiencidence? i hope thats all it was  my system is old and maybe it got a hiccup!"
"for what its worth, my hard drive crashed and burned this past week  still working on the problem and hopefully will be fixed sooner than later "
finally got my new computer today!! and i am back on-line  trying to get my email program downloaded again and get back to things as usual    yee haw!!
got a sinus headache   must be the typical weird weather here in arkansas! makes it hard to sleep like this but here we go    
"oh, goody i get to start the new year going to the dentist  old broke tooth needs to get gone anyway!!"
"i owe, i owe its off to work i go!"
how about that bama team    what a game 
i think i need a nap before i go drive in the fridged temps tonight!!
nap time so i can go play in the cold again tonight at memphis!
today was a long day   started at 8pm last night and ended at 10:52am this morning  stuck on i-40 for 3hrs behind a wreck  butt be dragging and i gotta work tonight  oohh its gonna be cold @ memphis tonight!
"heads up, if you park on the on off ramps in daylight hours you may get a ticket  what little luck i had this morning ran out and i got a ticket for parking on the on ramp (better than the ditch) was already late leaving memphis and the sandman crawled into the truck with me when i wasn't looking and beat me up!!"
just watched the alabama vs texas game i recorded  knew that alabama had already one but wanted to see how they played just the same  announcer made crack about alabama not sacking the texas qb and the very next play he got hammered and alabama recovered the fumble! ye haw     roll tide!!
just watched the alabama vs texas game i recorded  already knew alabama had won but wanted to see how they played   thought they were going to knock the coach out with the water cooler when they doused him with the gatorade and the container looked like it smacked him on the side of the face 
is a weenie when it comes to mouth pain  had part of tooth removed and now be doped up on hydrocodone for 2 days 
maybe i should take down the christmas tree and outside lights today!
trying to keep awake to give my dog <propfemale> her drugs to calm her down before the storm hits if it ever gets here 
going to bed  gotta get up and drive in the crazy slick weather to memphis tonight and end up spending the night in some flea bag hotel like the last time!!
fixing to check roads out and about and see if i can make it to the fedex yard over by the airport   got 4x4 but that isn't any good on ice anyway 
"if i can ever get the photo's to upload, the secondary roads are getting better and the i-40 seems to be pretty much clear   the fedex yard might be a little slick tomorrow when i go hook up to sport truck to memphis, tn but will deal with that in the am "
fuzzy brain is trying to get that way   
"the person that won the $25 million dollar lottery down in mayflower, ar maybe the same person i used to drill with in the naval reserves "
"too early 4 me, going back to bed! needed a night off from the madness, i need a job like <propfirst> campbell has sitting in a nice cozy office trying not to nod off "
"ok guys we still have 10 days to pick out something for our better half's <propfirst> day present  thank goodness mine doesn't like stuff that is e playful ensive  maybe a box a turtle candies this time around, what do you think? has allergies so have to be careful about the flowers thingy "
"tired of the rain and oh boy here comes some more snow monday and tuesday of next week, i can hardly wait "
"it be snowing really well here in conway but that doesn't mean i don't have to go to work tonight! freight still has to move just like the post office saying of old, through rain, sleet, snow or hail  it must move "
"mixed blessing with the snow, i don't have to work tonight but i also don't get paid either!!"
"i owe, i owe it off to work i go!!"
getting ready to work on my taxes   oh boy i can hardly wait!
can't get my dang printer to work right   think i need a break anyway to stuff my face and try again later  
"wondering where the heck spring went to    getting tired of working in the cold, hard on the old bones   "
hidedarren mckinney for <propfemale> every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as extended family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't choose your family members but you can choose friends!36 minutes ago · comment ·likeunlike  write a comment   
spork and his owners got a reprieve as long as spork doesn't act agressive or bite anyone for at least 6 months  thanks to all who joined the cause 
"this is very important, someone is sending emails claiming to be from facebook telling you they have changed your password and to click on this link   do not click on the link as it is a trojan horse  my mcafee detected it and removed it before i even read the email   thats what i don't like about facebook changing stuff all the time  makes it easier to fool unsuspecting people who don't know anybetter "
"hose came off piece of junk washing machine for the 3rd time and flooded the kitchen and part of the carpent in living room, joy joy what fun we are having now!! not!!"
washing machine flooded the kitchen yesterday and then early this morning my fridge started making some really weird noises as well  gee ain't life grand!!
"fridge is working now, but washer may be down for count still waiting on repair guy to call us  that's what i get for taking 3 days off "
"i think i ate to much today   i didn't take my hollow leg with me like my cousin <propmale> did, i think he brought two hollow legs with him today   lol   "
have u ever been a tornado?
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  please do this in memory of all fallen soldiers, marines, airmen and sailors! in memory and respect for all of our fallen shipmates, and others who have served our country so selflessly "
hope it don't blow away the <propfemale> & go in bono thats where i stopped sometimes on the way to <propmale> and get coffee 
enjoyed the sunshine yesterday along with my grape slush from sonic 
stuck on i55n flooded road!
made it back 2 conway @ 9am 
tornado siren's were going off but i think it was east of us along hwy 365 
"took a ride out toward scotland by accident today  didn't know they had been hit by tornado (i think i was on the computer or outside when that came on) about 8miles from <propmale> ran into first bunch of busted tree's  electric crews were out trying to rewire the rural power poles, what a mess "
arkansas leaders need to spend a little money on fixing all the roads not just the ones in and around conway!! i-40 is terrible from little rock to memphis and back  drive it everyday!!
"    long day, have a dr s appt in the am about knee replacement surgery on the 25th of may, i can truly hardly wait  the pain is starting to wear on my nerves    "
we don't look near as old as i thought we would   then again i am a little sleepy  lol
"gotta be at the hospital at 8am so by 10am they can begin wacking on my knee, hope this fixes the problem  hope to have a new plastic and metal knee when i wake up!!"
got out of the hospital friday but this is the first time i have felt well enough to mess with my computer  that morphine is some wicked stuff!! felt bad the whole time i was trying to recover at the hospital and didn't have any kind of an appetite to speak of   a lot of the time my leg was strapped to this contraption to move my leg back and forth which meant when i was awake i just stared at the ceiling alot 
"get my staples out tomorrow hope this makes the exercises easier to do   i have to re-learn how to walk after walking stiff legged for two years or more, ain't life grand "
"saw news story about folks boycotting bp stations and how they were hurting the small business owner not bp, duh they are still buying gas from bp to sell in their stations "
"family is what life is all about, unfortunately i have lost 2 from the same family  <propfirst> <propmale> jr  died may 12th and his dad <propfirst> <propmale> sr  died on june 12   <propfirst> jr  has a twin brother <propfirst> and a sister <propfemale>, they all live in bakersfield, ca  <propfemale> your family as they will not always be with us "
"that's the reason the army doesn't want you wondering around the drop zone just in case something didn't e playful lode, ie like a morter shell "
i am truly blessed as my father is still alive when many others are not 
is it hot enough for all you arkies? we have been lucky the last few years as the temps were very mild for arkansas  i guess we are due  glad i am off work even just for a few months so i  don't have to work in it 
i have an ocular migraine which makes it hard to look at the tv or anything else till it goes away 
are we there yet?
"yea, its raining in conway finally!!"
sure wish it would rain here again   
"it be thunder booming in southwest conway, has already knocked the power out twice "
"wondered what was eating my tomato's before they even got ripe, found this huge worm after it gorged itself on one of my green tomato's "
demagogue: this is what obama says they shouldn't do with regards to the immigration situation in arizonia  isn't that his status    being a demagogue!!!!
still a little humid in the big town of conway even at 8 smile 0 in the evening 
"enjoyed the rain this afternoon, just hope its not real hot and muggy tomorrow "
bummer gotta go back to work tomorrow   sux  
thunderstorm woke me up    hope i can get back to sleep 
is it winter yet?
"in memory of her and every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had \cancer   many won't copy and paste this  i did     \\for my aunt <propfemale> who made the best potato salad and my uncle <propfirst> and uncle <propfirst> whose company i miss dearly "
sure wish it would rain!
one should not take life for granted as it can be gone in an instant  an individual that i had known for several years was killed in a motorcycle accident tuesday morning  the saddest part is i had just seen him the week before when i was finishing my physical therapy before coming back to work  he was an air force veteran and he enjoyed helping people 
i wish it would cool off! i am cold natured but this heat is putting a hurt on the old man!
"hi ho, hi ho, its off to work i go!!"
"i owe, i owe, its off to work i go!!"
\i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of \,6f26f1df0dbf5889db3704b19cec93ee,"thanks for all the birthday wishes, it was special cuz my buds alabama beat arkansas!"
can't believe i slept through the alabama game    bummer  
i owe i owe its off to work i go   
"october is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honour of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did!!"
roll tide!!
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention copy & paste this as your  status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life!!"
"when you find a good woman you need to <propfemale> on to her because it takes so long to train them or them to train you(wife still working on me) i have been blessed with a great woman who takes care of me, we are best friends,she is my soul mate and on nov  4, 2010 we will have been married for 22 years "
"on vacation but not having a lot of fun at it  had a root canal one day, pressure washed the front of the house one day, can't remember the other days "
"thanks to all the veterans past and present for what they do  many sacrifices are made in the service of your country but i would do it again in a heart beat  my hat is off to a special people this veterans day  hughlan moore who died fighting for his country during the ending days of wwii, and his brother <propmale> moore of quitman who served in the navy during wwii "
"on the topic of killing <propfemale> and his her relatives, if you don't thin the herd then some of the deer starve to death or as the case in arkansas get mutilated by cars and trucks on our roadways "
my wife and i finally made it to the gun range  she had a good time and we shot 150 rounds in no time  will bring more ammo friday if we get to go   inside range so i can shoot if its raining or cold  yes!!
what are you thankful for this holiday? the technology to rebuild replace worn out body parts  thanks to this i can walk pain free something i hadn't done in 6yrs prior to having surgery 
"tired, very little sleep yesterday after working all night and <propmale> christmas lights after going to jeep place to have vacuum hose fixed  gun range maybe tomorrow "
took my wife to gun range yesterday and we shot 200 rounds in less than an hour   how time flies when your having fun 
"foghorn leghorn was one of my favorite cartoons when growing up (my wife says i have yet to grow up, what does she know) "
snake lovers unite   
today was the 69th anniversary of the attack on <propfemale> harbour   least we forget  i never even saw a mention about it in the arkansas demo-gazette today   but i was half asleep when i read it at hardee's this morning 
we must remember our veterans but especially our wwii veterans because we as a generation are what we are because of what they were then and now 
"took my jeep to shop to check on noise in rear end, now its at the transmission shop, such fun should not be had on a day off "
may everyone have a blessed <propfemale> christmas!! be safe!!
"one of the saddest christmas's i ever spent was in san <propmale>  it was a balmy 58 degrees and misting rain and when i called home it was 22 degrees and spitting snow  a whole bunch of us sat in the tv room watching a <propmale>'s christmas show, its a good thing no one turned on the light cuz i don't think their was a dry eye in the place as we all were missing a little bit of home "
got my concealed <propfemale> license in the mail today   whoopie   
gotta go feed my face and try to make it too work 
it got so cold here last night the water line from my pump to my holding tank froze in the ground 
wish i knew what was making that infernal noise outside!! getting on my last nerve 
