b311f4081b9bad0ceb12036f0ac7e486
rubber bands are not meant to go on teeth 
"i now have braces  they hurt  oh well  smile   oooo, i'm getting my hair cut today!  laugh "
hmmm     tomorrow is saturday and i have no plans    there is something wrong with that  i have fingernails!!! it's amazing!! i haven't bitten then in a long time   laugh   yay me!
"cantalope and toaster waffles    the breakfast of champoins!!!    and of course, a card board box and half a shoe for the ewok    jk, hopefully! d= (fyi ewok is <propfemale> who is the cutest little doggie ever with her little underbite and fluffy head that loo"
happy father's day! woot!
is going to the mall tomorrow! yay  smile 
"going to play football today at frontier park   laugh  and i got a fancy, shiny purple floor length dress for $20  smile  and cool pants and hair things  laugh  and a shirt  smile  i love the mall  laugh "
played football at frontier park  i'm tired  it was funnnnnnn!!!! =^d
youth group tonight  laugh   it's the last meeting until we go to camp at the end of july  smile   tomorrow i'm going to <propfemale>'s! yay!!!  laugh 
going to <propfemale>'s today!!! yay!!!!  laugh 
i went swimming and it was funnnnnnn! and i want to go to the beach! <propfirst>! you should go to the beach tomorrow and take me with youuuu!!!!!  wink 
i'm going to go help <propfirst> clean    i hope i don't get lost in the piles     lol  laugh 
help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfirst> has his little friend over and they're scaring me     d= lol
wonderful!
"is going insane!!! no matter how much i clean, my room never ceses to continue producing more crap!!!  laugh   i'm leaving tomorrow!!!  laugh  with one of my crazy aunts! i'm slightly frightened, but it's totally outweighted by the excitment    besides, i think she"
"i am home  i am tired  and i hurt  it was so much fun!  laugh  i didn't even get sunburned, and i never once put sun screen on   laugh "
"my school system is a piece of doggie excriment   smile  paddle boats are fun, though   laugh "
"my bedroom walls are the exact same color as masking tape, insideout socks do not go on the bathroom shelf on top of the washcloths, straps that <propfemale> off of my pants cause me to fall on my face, it is impossible to keep my room clean if i say it will never be messy again, and clocks that go tick  tock  tick  tock    make me feel like i should be at the doctor    see, you learn something every day  <propfemale> <propfemale>   smile "
"have you ever started singing along to a song you didn't even know you knew? well, i just did that  it weirded me out, lol "
sharpies make pretty amazing fingernail polish  ;p
rain does bad things to the mass of fluff that is the hair on my head     playful 
"i'm so bored! blah! i'm doing school work on a sunday, when i don't technically have to  something's wrong with that   playful  lol"
i like plaid  hmm    i wounder if there's a plaid dress at <propmale> <propfemale>'s that  i can get on wed  to wear to gk's homecoming dance    i should go find out! buahaha!  laugh  i am so tired   playful 
"hmm    they didn't have anything that shouts \buy me!!!\"" in plaid    plenty of other dresses were shouting things like that though    hmm    that sounds like i'm hearing clothes    maybe i am insane    naw!  smile """
?i love you!?      smile 
"hmm    is it selfish to want someone to get their head out of their butt, if only for the reason that you're tired of worrying about them suffocating? (metaphorically speaking of course ) if it is, then i am a little bit selfish   "
i went into <propmale> pennys with becca and came out with a dress for homecoming within one hour  isn't that spectaculer!? now i just need shoes    smile   tomorrow i will obtain shoes  and they shall be amazing 
there is a fine line between caring and empathizing; i have yet to find it 
"feels    yucky  and sort of like i'm going to cry or something   ? how unusual  i shall blame my teenage girl hormones! lovely, aren't they?  laugh  haha   "
"\   fighting for survival and i guess i must be winning and my story is so long i can't remember the beginning am i an optimist or am i a pessimist if i see a half empty half full cup is half full of nothingness   \"""""
just watched <propfemale> treck    laugh 
22     smile 
"christmas trees, cookie dough, my lovely cousin and a were wolf cutie (i saw new <propfemale> today d wink  today was a good day   smile "
"so this is christmas, and what have you done? another year over, a new one just begun  so this is christmas, i hope you have fun  the near and the dear ones the old and the young  very <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year, let's hope it's a good one without any fear     smile  18 days  "
"it's not that there aren't enough hours in a day, it's that there aren't enough days in a week   "
christmas trees smell pretty  =o)
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together    strawberry fields forever    i want to hold your hand    i get by with a little help fom my friends    let it be    hahaha  laugh 
i think my cat has brain damage  hahaha omgosh she started purring right as i typed that     laugh 
"\grab the magical balls sierra!\"" -<propfirst>    super <propfirst> world is very interesting    x)"""
pink and black 
o o
"i’ve been spending all my time    just thinking about ya i don’t know what to do i think i’m fallin’ for you i’ve been waiting all my life and now i found ya i don’t know what to do i think i’m fallin’ for you i’m fallin’ for you <propfemale> <propfemale>, that song is so adroable, even though it's stuck in my head  it's still cute!  laugh "
i karate chopped a goat riding a motor cycle because i'm not crazy!
i am happy!  love 
i made s'mores rice krispy treats! they're pretty fantastic   playful 
"introspective:to look into or examine (one's own mind, feelings, etc ) "
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
i love my parents  even though they pick on me and my patheticness boredom silliness    i still love them   smile 
emus!  laugh 
on the dining room table 
"going to keary's tomorrow! yay! haha  ouch  my faaaccceee huuurrrtttsss  okay, i am totally done whining, honest    wink "
today was a good day   smile 
"a is for apple b is for butt c is for catbutt d is for dodo e is for elphant dodo f is for fart g is for gorilla fart h is for huge gorilla fart,i is for eyeball j is for jammies k is for kid fart l is for loud and long fart m is for monkey butt,n is for saying nightnight to nico at naptime o is for oh!   "
"ohmygoodness! i am totally going bra shopping tomorrow!!!  laugh  and i'm excited about it  (obviously) and i'm telling you about it because i'm just awesome like that, and you know you really do care about my underwear  d; buahahahaha   laugh "
very fun and successful shopping today     wink   i love you mum!!!!!!  laugh 
"leonard: we need to widen our circle  sheldon: i have a very wide circle  i have 212 friends on myspace  leonard: yes, and you’ve never met one of them  sheldon: that’s the beauty of it   <propfemale> <propfemale>  the big bang theory is rather cool, i think     playful "
"i love led zeppelin dearly, but it is not fixing my boredom    time to go bug someone who has a car   "
hypotenuse   laugh 
"it's quarter to eleven, and i'm going to finish my work out     <propfirst>! don't forget to call the lady about <propfemale>' belly button peircings!  laugh "
my room has gotten to the point where it eats things again    i think it's time to clean   
it's movie line week here on facebook  cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the line  don't forget to comment on your friend's movie lines!
"your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brains i knew i wouldn't forget you and so i went and let you blow my mind    hey soul sister, ain't that mister mister on the radio, stereo the way you move ain't fair you know  hey soul sister, i don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight "
it's official: i need to go dress shopping!!!
"i love you, you love me, we're a happy family, except for when we're not but that's okay, 'cause i still love you anyway     imperfections and quirkiness, along with a bit of strange are what make life interesting   smile "
my head is going to e playful looode  isn't that great?  laugh  hah 
"i love facebook  friends, family, silly little apps  and    what's this? political debates through status comments  hah  lovely  in my opinion, there are better places to discuss the woes of the country than through facebook  to each their own i suppose   smile  and, what do i know anyway? i'm just an ignorant fourteen-year-old  whoo-hoo! my birthday's in ten days  you see, then i will be an ignorant fifteen year old   laugh "
"alrighty, then  ?"
maturity has more to do with what types of e playful eriences you've had and what you've learned from them and less to do with how many birthdays you've celebrated   
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smarty pants  smile 
i'm sooo happy   joyful 
had an amazing birthday  i luff you guys!!!  love 33
"i feel so very loved  like, a whole semi-truck of love has just been poured on my head  its a good feeling  now off to do homework     smile "
its 9:22 and i have already completed an essay comapring american and chinese culture    i might have to wake up early more often!  laugh 
i'm feeling lazy  i think i'll bypass putting on my face today    maybe   smile 
oh goodness     surprise  so much pepsi and chocolate frosting    so little sleep     joyful 
socks 
what is on my mind       saturday!  joyful 
"my teeth hurt   troubled  haha  but, tomorrow is friday  which is pretty cool   smile "
i am happy   smile  and i love you   love 
is giggling at sappy love songs  time to go play video games with the incredibly bored little brother  can't wait for tomorrow!!  love   laugh 
oh my goodness  today was pretty cool   laugh 
my friends make me sooooooooo happy   smile 
i'm at kaily's    laugh 
had fun with <propmale> today  ?  joyful 
is going to the movies today!  love   joyful 
i'm so happy  ?  smile 
"i'm so tired    but, i'm waaay too happy to care   laugh  ?"
i'm listening to 15 by <propfirst> swift    hmmm    
good night facebook! hello homework     surprise 
church tonight   smile   love 
"i tried to make a heart and it came out a question <propfirst>    ? <----- see? ? aha! there we go  do not question my love, facebook! its not nice   laugh "
   you give me feelings that i adore start in my toes make me crinkle my nose wherever it goes i always no you make me smile please stay for awhile now just take your time wherever you go    colbie caillat is stuck in my head   joyful 
going to the movies with <propmale> and zach and <propmale>!!!  laugh  ?
extreme flusteration   annoyed 
"took a walk with becca, and the sky looked funny  we had a good chat   smile  blue soda is scary    i need to wash my sweat shirt now   laugh  i do believe that i should go to <propfemale>'s and hug my cousins  this was a fantastic weekend   love "
me and  <propfirst> fail at tennis   smile  hahaha
"off to clean my room and do biology homework  whooo!  laugh   facebook chat is a dummy  but that's okay, because tomorrow is going to be an amazing day   love "
undescribably happy day  ?
i'm going to go fail at monopoly in a bit  wish me luck!  laugh 
"he always seems to make my day   love  hehe  and he = <propmale>  just to clarify   wink  it is time to shower, and sleep  so, goodnight!  laugh "
hmm    i smell burnt carpet  i think my straighener's ready to fry my bangs! <propfemale> <propfemale>   smile 
going to volunteer   smile  then going to <propmale>'s   laugh   love 
"this week is turning out to be wonderful! i am looking forward to tomorrow  ? ? oooh, and the next day   smile  can't forget about thursday  tis the run away with mommy day   laugh "
going to work out!!!  laugh  i love you <propfirst>!  love 
i just burned some of my lard off!  laugh  plus my mum makes awesome food  today has been a good day 
i love my mommy! ?
goodnight facebook and all who    inhabit it  ?
spent the whole day of saturday with my sweetie   smile   *happiness*  <propfirst>! you're going to work out with me sunday (i e  today) yes?
acne medicine doesn't work very well when you are allergic to it  oops  x) so now i am stoned off benadryl and going to attempt to do some school work  hahaha  wish me luck 
eye doctor today  getting me some contacts! and glasses that actually fit   smile  this weekend should be fabulous   laugh 
today is going to be wonderful!!  smile  only one thing could make it even better   love 
this weekend has been the best ever   love 
today is going to be good   smile 
i am a dirty liar! today wasn't good  not even close  it was fantastically wonderfully une playful ectedly amazing   smile   love 
good night facebook  (maybe     troubled ) sunday was another great day  ?  smile 
uhhngh   troubled 
"haha! i just looked in the mirror it was hilarious  : smile  whoops, unintentional alien smiley!"
whoo and hoo   smile 
my mommy says i have weird friends   smile 
"today was a good day  great, even   smile  ? i wonder how tomorrow will be   "
i woke up    and there were waffles  i destroyed them   smile  they were yummy  thank you whoever made them  (mommy  ?)
"kelly: \yes sir!  smile \"" me: \""i don't have a penis   \""  i think its time for me and my lack of boy fun parts to go to bed   good night   smile """
i had such a great week this week    love   love   love 
my family seems to be sleepy today    i suppose i will just have to entertain myself for the time being   smile 
"i'm singing!  smile  oooh, and <propfirst>  you should answer me   wink "
"whoever left this gum on my desk is my new bff   smile  oooh, <propmale>! you're amazing   love  today was wodernful! whoaa dang, i just read that  but i'm going to leave it because it made me giggle  tomorrow is going to be great! despite having dr  you poke at my teeth  this gum blows huge bubbles  its pretty darn cool   smile  haha, i need a shower, my hair is sticky from getting plates of whip cream smooshed in my face   smile "
"i have rubber bands on my teeth and i sound funny  but, i have an amazing boyfriend and a pretty dress, so even though i definatly can't chew gum anymore, i'm still super happy   smile "
i've had this urge to go shopping for the past week  and its not subsiding  time to finish my biology so i can try and convince someone with a car to go to the m-a-l-l with me    wink 
"i made a chocolate milkshake for <propfirst>  and i think the fridge, freezer, counter, cupboards, floor, sink, and my hair enjoyed it as well   smile "
*mushy gooshy squishiness and lots of love * okay  i think i'm good  please don't barf  die   smile   goodnight!
"woke up, sent a text ?, took a shower, got dressed, ate breakfast, cleaned guinea pig pen (eeewwww), packed everything for my trip, put my make-up on, did my hair, and its not even ten yet  now i've got three hours to do homework  yay!  smile "
just got home   smile   had lots of fun 
sunshine!
79 8%     really? i mean    really?   laugh 
i be am are is a happy camper  a very tired one  but still   smile  <propfirst> graduated! yaaay! technically i did too  my mommy told me that today haha  whooo  summer time! (after i finish geometry   )  smile 
i love you!
"boy, i hear you in my dreams i hear your whisper across the sea i keep you with me in my heart you make it easier when life gets hard    they don't know how long it takes\waiting for a love like this every time we say goodbye i wish we had one more kiss i'll wait for you i promise you, i will  -<propfirst> mraz & colbie caillat   love 33 such a cuuute song  joyful "
"off to try and finish cleaning my room, which me and <propmale> totally destroyed today while we were rearranging it  it was fun   smile  congratulations zach and gabe and <propfemale> and all you other graduates!!!"
"i love nights where i sleep from the time i climb in bed to the time i get up  i hate mornings where i wake up late to my phone ringing and some random dude asking for his brother <propmale>, rush limbaugh blasting in the other room, and a huge kink in my neck from sleeping too hard    today is going to be a great day   laugh "
my mommy massaged me   smile  and now i am in the process of being semi-productive! whoo hoo 
i feel leggy     smile  haha
my word of the day: glomming   smile 
"\i have $2 and i want coffee! but there's no $2 tuesdays      and its wednesday    \"""""
hanging out with kaily   laugh 
oh my goodness  animal cookies   the frosted pink and white kind with sprinkles   smile  that is amazing 
just watched whip it with my daddyyyy   smile 
happy independance day     smile 
going shopping tomorrow!  smile 
 smile 
"\wheeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!     i'll    oh   i don't remember what i was going to say \"" - me """
my brain feels wonky  and my shoulders are so hot! today was fun   smile 
"\do you like chocolate???\"" \""yes \"" \""sniff it!!!!!\"""""
"\i'm getting confused with the sucking and pulling!\"" -becca  laugh """
my nose just sneezed    wait    hum  x)
shower time!    yep  you really needed to know that 
i feel wonky  hahaha 
oh my gosh  being human starts up again next saturday  that show is ama-za-zing!!!
"keeping the soul train a-movin'! \like\"" this \",b311f4081b9bad0ceb12036f0ac7e486,noones online!?!?! oooh right  its almost 3am  yeeeah  that would e playful lain it    
just played rockband   smile  now its time to clean! wooh! i'm soooo excited for tomorrow   love 
whoa! my arm looks tan! until i stand next to any other person    haha 
the dog smells good    it is weird 
hangin' out with my daddy today!!!  smile 
i've been shot  i'm dead now  stupid brother 
"you know, if i just said what i meant then i wouldn't get so irritated later when people listen to to what i say, even though its totally not what i actually wanted    is that a chick thing or what? hahaha "
"today is going to be a good day, because i said so   smile "
aaaah! i love you!  laugh  today was good   smile 
went to see <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world with <propmale>  awesome movie!  joyful 
"frozen chocolate covered bananas  : smile  oooh, well hello there mr  alien smiley "
i have a very flufferly pillow   smile  and the  washing machine is trying to escape again   
im sooo hot 
had lots of fun at long beach!!!  smile 
"has the most disgusting looking throat i ever did see  this is the first time i've been sick in a looong time though, so that's good i suppose  still, i shouldn't have to brace myself every time i talk swallow cough breathe through my mouth "
has mono   annoyed 
totally kicked my brother's butt at <propfirst> party   smile 
i have an itch that is impossible to scratch  not just difficult or embarressing  i'd scratch it if i could  stupid throat   troubled 
doctor today 
dooo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo     <propfirst> music   smile 
is looking forward to tomorrow   smile  but then school is the next day    ahh! haha  playful 
sweet dreams facebook!
"\all of your bodily functions are so adorable!\"" -<propfemale>     smile   laugh   love """
"hmm    i put my shirt on  then remembered, whoooa i have boobs  so i did the logical thing, and put my bra over it  when it was half way hooked i thought about what i was doing, and realized that if i went out in public like this, it could could be kind of weird  so i took it all off and started over  apperantly i am not completly awake yet   laugh "
"got to spend time with my man  love  instead of going to the dentist, because my dentist is stupid  but, their stupidity benefitted me, so i forgive them   smile "
"copy this to your status & see what people rate you !\1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3= rude, 4= sarcastic, 5=smart, 6= nice, \7= moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random , 12= hot , 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing , 16= tough , 17= cute , 18= gf bf type"
you have brains in your head  you have feet in your shoes  you can steer yourself in any direction you choose  you're on your own  and you know what you know  and you are the guy [or girl] who'll decide where to go    - dr seuss: oh the places you'll go 
stupid game  i lost you again 
"hanging out with my becca! yes, she is mine  i claim her  *no incest!* <propfemale> <propfemale>e   smile  <propmale>! i love you!"
got new jeans and bras with my mommy   laugh 
i think that everyone should hug at least three people every day 
 annoyed 
"the smile on your face lets me know that you need me\there’s a truth in your eyes sayin’ you’ll never leave me\the touch of your hand says you’ll catch me if ever i fall\you say it best when you say nothing at all   love         \belch    you have no soul\",b311f4081b9bad0ceb12036f0ac7e486,"had an awesometastic weekend   smile   i do believe that october has escaped me    but, now on to the holidays   smile  oh    speaking of which  christmas isn't about presents  thanksgiving isn't about food  new years isn't about blowing crap up  and none of it is about money  so give thanks, have fun, sing loud, talk much, and love lots   smile "
> annoyed 
why'd the dead baby cross the road?
<propfemale> christmas   smile 
"facial!!! i look like a dork but when i'm done my skin will be pretty and soft   smile  \(or thats the goal anyway   )"
"wednesday was awesome! saw tron, went to pizza hut, bought some underwear and earrings, spent the whooole day with <propmale>   smile  thursday    my body was two exits no waiting    three cheers for food poisoning! stupid pizza hut    haha, today should be great though, no more sickness (just really sore) and i get to play cards and have some fun with <propmale>  love  , <propfirst>, and zach   smile "
my tummy needs to feel better  until it does though i am going to watch glee and text  stupid tummy    annoyed 
"dear honors communication arts 10, \     could you please stop giving me boring, repetitive busy work that isn't teaching me anything, and become fun again? thank you! -<propfemale>"
how <propmale> thou?
"whoever keeps inappropriately violating my wall needs to stop, or it will press charges  thank you much!"
<propfirst>!!! answer your phone  smile 
i love <propfirst> proctor more  smile 
