13b2243e2c6306fbec878ed2fa85b780
don't forget to read posts from the bottom up; sometimes the important information is on top
"confusion holds, disaster strikes, choas reigns, but hope prevails "
if the world were black and white it would be really boaring 
to stop growing is to die silently 
courage is love applied 
honor is courage applied
life is good 
peace is a vocation not a vacation 
added a couple of stanza's to my info poem 
justice is honer applied
goodness is justice applied
avatar is the best movie i have ever seen!
compassion is the willingness to love 
"life is good, life is hard "
"for love to truely exist one must allow for paradox, one cannot become one with someone without allowing themselves to be seperate "
"each step in life is an opertunity to be reborn, a <propmale> for a new start   this grace is the saving truth of humankind   for only in rebirth can humanity overcome its challenges and begin anew     "
"there is a peace that comes from within, unlike anything that comes without   it holds a candle to the darkness, a mirror to the evil and restores ones strength of spirit "
a life lived is a life given gentle hands move more than stone and strength is love and love alone
"if you want to be loved, give love   because love is something you just can't take "
adventure is life lived in the moment 
all things come down to faith in the end 
life opens before me   it falls into my lap as the sun falls into the welcoming night   a thing of beauty and a thing of light   casting to the sky a hypnotic divergance of colorful possibility
"\blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth \"""""
"faith is the ability to be silent when the world seems to demand that you speak, and the ability to speak out when the world demands that you be silent "
"hope and fear are opposites: the one is a beleif in what may happen being good, the other is a wory that what will happen is going to be bad "
to fight evil with evil is to use evil yourself 
there is not a step along this journey we take in vain 
to know your own drive is more important than to be skeptical of everyone else's 
"questions hold great power, with great power comes great responsibility    "
"\who of you by worrying can add a single hour to your life \"" <propfirst> 6:27"""
"love has a mind of its own   it builds up and prods us, it asks if we might try a little harder, it strengthens are resolve, and it destroys our fear   if everyone listened to the love in their heart and acted with it they would find all things are possible "
to reconcile is divine
the greatest caves form one drop at a time 
life is good!
"<propmale> 12: 48 but the one who does not know and does things deserving punishment will be beaten with few blows  from everyone who has been given much, much will be demanded; and from the one who has been entrusted with much, much more will be asked "
"we all have something which makes us powerful, some are fighters, some are writers, some find solace in being alone, others are more likely to share what they've known   but everyone has something to give, that is why we all have strength to live "
"people are a string of preconditions and a response to their world  the greatest power is in exercising choice  as we find power in the world we can absorb and direct it, or flail and flounder in it  as we find direction in the world we can take or conceal it, we can make or repeal it  we are floating in a sea of power in which all things we do send ripples "
"so choose wisely the wake you make, for it will last far longer than you will "
sometimes the answer is obvious 
but the question may be hard to find 
"\let it be \"""""
those who act in love never act alone 
god is present in every action of love   but too few take action 
great intelligence ponders little things deeply   great wisdom ponders things so little few others notice them 
happy easter everone!
sometimes we look around the world only to find the most precious things have been right in front of us the whole time 
success is rooted in knowing your own limits and strengths and acting on that knowledge 
"life is about the journey, not the destination "
all power is on lend 
"power is to be respected, not feared "
freedom without responsibility is choas 
choas has no purpose but to sustain itself 
"do not be tired, be well spent "
"just when you think you can step no more, take another step "
adventure is life lived in the moment 
the present is bridge to the future 
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probaly won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special eduacation week, an   d this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding "
love is the greatest challenge and the greatest reward 
speak truth to power 
"a moment, once seized, can last a lifetime "
"thank you guys!  i have been kinda busy, so thanks for the birthday wishes!"
has passed his eagle board of reveiw
had an awsome prom!
those who are the most loving are often the most reviled 
"all who teach hate, make hurt "
sometimes being patient just sucks  smile  !
nothing shrinks the ego like looking at the sky at night 
"when all is said and done the rought we take lasts longer than the camp we make, and the final say is only the end of the way "
"learning to love others is rooted in knowing how to love yourself, the world and life "
is officialy a 2010 graduate!
is officialy in great britan!
looks at the stars and wonders      just wonders 
is enjoying his time in britain 
"been 12 hours without a post, britain is awsome!!!!"
life is good 
tommarow is dover time!
"whoooops!  got my itinerary backwards   today i saw bath and stonehinge, got to put some of that hard earned latin to work!  just makes me look more forewards to the white cliffs!"
"dover was amazing, i loved the white cliffs   westminster <propfemale> was an awsome church, canterburry was supper cool, all and all, just a good time!  pictures soon!"
"back home, but another adventure is well on the way!"
"we are never truely alone, everything we are is because of those who have shaped us, and there are always those who are molded like we are "
"if one person climes a single thousand foot peek, and another climes 1001 one foot mole hills, who has climed the most?"
is waiting on his eagle award ceremony!
is now a fully recognized eagle scout!
evil is evil because it tries to pretend to be good 
in this world there are far more questions than we will ever find answers for 
greatly enjoyed cedar point!!
back from dc!  enjoyed it greatly!
"everyone is full of energy, it is using this energy, and the convictions of its use, which make up life "
has passed his drivers test!
is now a freshman at wabash college!
"like the wind you cannot hold on to me, you cannot grasp me or control me   you can only feel me and remember, run along side me, rejoice with me and follow me as far as your path allows "
first day of class and all's well!
has found out that chinese is very challenging    
first week of college and all is well 
happy birthday mom!
sometimes growing up is a pain in the butt!
sometimes growing up is a whole lot of fun!
life is good!
life continues to be good  playful  !
"as life goes on, fun and games become mandatory "
the adventure of a lifetime is life!
never realized how sexy blues dancing was supposed to be    
welcome to college where complicated things are a daily occurence and daily occurences arn't so complicated 
"dreams can be born in an instant, but take a lifetime to raise "
just in time to realize what being overwhelmed feels like     
a calm state of mind overcomes all things
"to quote the eagles \take it easy\"""""
life is always good
truth and fact are not the same 
sometimes you just have to put your foot down 
now has a skype account!
therefore you are charged to live in the moment that you may learn to plan for the future 
mellowing down for break is fun!
but being on break is more fun!
to walk life's journey with out dreams is to walk it without a roadmap: who knows where you will turn up!
a moment of adventure can lead to decades of joy   i know i will have joy for all of my life  smile   
freindship is the foundation of happiness 
"if love were considered a journey, and not a destination, we would have a much easier time finding and living it "
"what is certain is uncertainty, what is constant is the need to do good despite it "
so lets get to doing good!
"to be sure, there is a lot to the adventure of life, i just hope that i can find a way to live it all!"
"i can be a savior to no one, i am flawed and needy, occasionaly sulky and sad, but i do what i can to be the best i can "
"learning to live, one step at a time    "
it is never easy being away from those you love 
finaly!  something to be busy for!
chinese caligraphy is fun  smile  !
"a very important person in my life once said, \breathing is good\""  smile   """
occasionaly it just dawns on us:  the world is full of beauty 
"though we all use different tools, we are all working on the same puzzle; every once and a while we should check on the other ways of putting it together "
fingertips touch like a gentle wind  and with this comes the first most crucial piece of information: what it is that we hold 
"whew, life goes on with a deep breath and a new <propfirst> on the roadmap "
the boys are back in town baby!
"count the stars and breath the sky, and still you will not know the <propfemale> that life gives you each day "
"i am not afraid   for my power is in life, not death "
nothing is simple 
"take a breath, take in the wonder, and continue moving on with life   remembering that you are still in the driver's seat "
"sometimes, learning just sucks "
and so it continues       onwards to life!
"almost done, ah what a wonderful feeling!"
had an excelent adventure and is glad to be back in town for now!  it is beggining to look alot like christmas!  smile 
the final sprint of the chirstmas season     
"enjoying break, poundering life and shrinking from the veiw of the world "
listening to  <propfirst> <propfirst>'s vienna and thinking about life  smile   
a balenced life makes the world seem all the more amazing 
has met some of the wisest people he has ever talked to 
"adventures abound, this is going to be a kick but semester!"
momentum is a wonderous thing 
"one can never live alone, for even in the act of living one comes from a multitude   as cells make up a body, so we are part of a world in which we are all participants, like it or not "
sometimes progress is simply rediscovering what was already in front of you 
"take care of yourself, for you are the only person you will always have to live with "
"spend a little time down, and when you are up again you may find that you are ready to go!"
has just avoided watching yet another super bowl  smile  
"spent and ready for the weekend, but still clogging along "
"should totaly be in bed, but is really enjoying the evening "
oh what a beautiful day    
for some reason i am behind but i feel ahead 
sometimes things are best left as they are 
"getting ready to continue along the way   as always, life is quite the adventure "
sometimes it seems like everything in the world has claim to who we are but us 
"the past is a ghost, the future a dream, all we ever have is the present "
"everything was once or will be, the present "
sometimes we get no break    even on break  
portland rocks!  so does wabash i suppose    
i have tons of energy and none of it is directed at homework right now    
sometimes the mind is just a roadblock as we search for peace 
"let us put our hands over our mouth like job, and be thankful that in our personal littleness we ourselves are here at all   the deity that suffers us, we may be sure, can suffer many another queer and wonderous and only half-delighted things "
what does it mean to serve peace in a world that so desires for conflict 
to be present is far more important than to be cynical
peace is more than the absence of conflict 
"whatever happens and where ever we are, the darkness always listens, for god is in the darkness as well as the light "
"life goes on, and so long as my heart beats, i will make it good "
"freedom is an action that is rarely taken, not a thing to be taken for granted "
\we are tied together in the single garment of <propfemale>," caught in an inescapable network of mutuality  and whatever affects one directly affects all indirectly        'therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee '\""\"0f66458bfae8fc3ede1be4fa66f2b572,is super excited about the ohio wine festival in august! www ohiowines org
