cf079a18a81e476c66b221b74b5af87e
fuck life   i hate    give me one good reason to stay
"class at one then at 230, when all i really want to do is be with him, warm and safe!"
bored until after lunch! then the journey home starts!!!!!!!! cant wait until next weekend!!!!!
ripped my jeans cuz they ripped neway  my fav  jeans too  fuck it though!!! ok kt you can reply now!!!
wishing yesterday never happened   wishing it could be erased from my memory   rip <propfirst>   we will miss you dearly
wishing yesterday never happened   too scared to fall asleep   we will miss you <propfirst> and we love you   rip <propfirst>   15 years old
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring 28 laugh own to earth  29 sad ool  30: a friend
bored   pissed  hurt   anyother bad feeling you can think about   i am feeling  
happier then ever   thanks to one certain person   well actually a certain group of people   off to <propfemale> for a week!!!
sitting at the house being bored   cell is good  9106897901
being bored at the house wishing for something to do
love you <propfemale> <propfemale> mcilmurray!! being bored at the house!!! txt  me 9106897901
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: homebody   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: dependable   19: faithful   20: the best
pink with green and pink hearts
on top
"she had been shuttled from house to house until she was a teenager, and she had no idea who her father was- there were her demons, and she was unable to drink them away "
sometimes   like now for instance   i really hate my life   trying to get over it   not successful at all   but hopefully things will start getting better   and not worse like they have beenl   but then again   i dont think it could get much worse
stop sending me stupid ass farmville shit   i dont play that stupid ass fucking game
fuck everything and everyone   im fucking done   i cant do this stupid shit anymore   no wonder people kill themeselves   fml
i need things to keep me busy so i dont have to sit here and think about all the things that are going worng   i dont need to be thinking about my life as of now   i need to worry about other things   any suggestions????
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ, and the <propfemale>n soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree, copy and paste in    your status    thank you to all our <propfemale>n soldiers  so so so so true   they should totally do this"
just waiting on news    trying to cheer people up and talking to my sister   text me!!
haha  hacked  i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>     colors and skittles forever!!  playful 
aagggghhhh i fucking hate this shit   he needs to rot in hell for the rest  of his miserable and lonley life   along with his whole fucking family
bored out of my mind   babysitting today   and <propfemale> <propfemale>o tired   wish this nightmare would be over already  sad 
why???   fuck this
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have him with you, or if he has passed on, copy & paste this in your status & write his name i love you <propmale> <propmale>   and i am so proud of everything you have done in your life and for the way you have raised me!!!"
ggaaaahhhh i cant fucking stand my life right now   im so sick of some shit   wish other people would grow up   idk what im doing anymore   breaking down   night
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  on your mark   get set   go
blah blah blah blah blah    fuck life
aaahhhh im going insane   idk what to do anymore   dont text   phone is broken
wow having a great talk with a few people  love my friends and glad for the new ones i have met!!!! man i miss my friends like crazy
ill watch the night turn light blue but its not the same without you 
eres mas hermosa que la lumbre que estas sentido delante de
wow       never again      was i stupid? thats ok im glad i did it  i love the people i have met!!!!! i will never regret it!!!!
love me some ihop!!!!!
buenas noches mi juju mal magnifico!!!!
fuck this shit  cant wait to go home!!!!! babe im coming home to you!!!!!!
so much on my mind  the only way i can put it into words     wow
ah fun days fun days  i am actually going to miss them  on the other hand i am oh so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
amazing days and even better nights  how do you put these kinds of things into words  lemme know if you figure things out  smile 
"spooning leads to forking, forking leads to knifing, if you knife me i am going to kill you!!!!!!"
give me my phone  i need to call <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow   hating my life so fucking much right now   wishing i didnt read what i just did   please dont let that happen to me   thats one of the only things i want out of life   please please please dont take that away from me  sad 
i will be home tomorrow!!!!!!! i am so excited babe!!!
i guess saying goodbye is hard no matter how long you have known someone as long as they are true friends  i will never forget the people i have met while i was in texas and thank them for everything they have done for me and given me!!! but still so damn excited to be coming home  i will miss you though baby   we will see each other soon enough though  smile 
super excited for my birthday tomorrow!!!!! can't wait!!!! sitting at cuppies right now   youth was cancelled   bored looking for something to do
i poked it   i poked it away
so far this is the best birthday ever!!! thank you baby for my absolutely fucking amazing gift!!!!!!!
wow so my aunt cousin and his gf took me out tonight for my birthday and i got the tradition  i got my ass whooped!! the tradition there is getting a paddle to your ass
work today then hopefully hanging out with <propfirst> and <propfirst>
about to head into work off at five and then nothing for the rest of the day  text meh!!!!
so i love my best friend lol we are at waffle house and <propfemale> doesnt know what the wh on the hats stood for   then randomnly she yells waffle house!!! shes such a bonde!!
work until 5 today  after that nothing really  just gonna be bored  text me if ya want
ugh i was sleeping sooo good    i hate when i wake up in the middle of the night
"so nadja just discovered a bug bit her in her belly button    her response     who does that, that was rude!!!!!"
i'm so fucking confused right now  i'm not ready for all this and i cant deal with the other things that are going on    im about ready to just say fuck it all and give up    i cant do this much longer
everything is just so fucked up even closer to giving up!!!! fuck it nothing matters anymore
fuck it    wow    thats all i can say right now   wow
"how\many of us really know everybody on our friend lists? here's a task for\you    i want everyone to post how you met me (even if you're the one \who never responds to anything!)  after you comment, copy this to your \status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get    feel free to do it,\        even if we don't talk much!  smile ) "
"off to work!!!! have my first appointment on the 6th   have to give the nurse my medical history, get my sonogram then see the doctor!! cant wait to see how the baby is doing and how far along i am!!!!!"
wow looking through some ollllld posts    like from january    so much has changed from now to then   its hard to believe   lol
watching eclipse!!!!! sitting here with nadja goofing off until the movie starts  and you know what!  we dont bring movies to the baby theater!!!!!
"copy this into your status , and see what people rate you ;1 crazy - 2  wish we went out - 3  talkative - 4  sarcastic - 5  loveable- 6  clumsy - 7  strong - 8  dumb - 9  spoiled - 10  mouthy - 11  wild- 12  goofy - 13  funny - 14  awesome - 15  amazing - 16  beautiful - 17  cute - 18  i love you - 19  best friend -20  sexy - 21  nice"
confused about alot of things    hear one thing from him   hear something completely opposite from her    believe him though   love him   want to be with him and only him     help me out here
talking to my two favorite mexicans    soooo tired    gotta love them though!!!!
on our way to ft <propfirst> <propfemale>!!!! gotta take kimmie to her dad    gonna eat lunch then head home again    then idk whats going on
god    only first time getting things from wic at the store and i already hate the program lol
hate life   fucking hate it
working until close tonight  then wake up early and go to my first appointment!!!!!!!!! im so excited!!!!!!!
i saw my baby!!!!!! im excited!!!!! i just wanna cry and smile idk overwhelming feelings right now!!!!! great feelings!!!!!
wow   i keep looking at the ultrasounds and i still cant believe it   and when i heard the heartbeat   it was heatmelting    nadja was all smiles too   im so glad i had someone there with me to e playful erience that with me    thank you sooooo much nadja
whats on my mind??? that i hate waking up all hours of the nigh to pee and have the hardest time getting back to bed   thats whats on my mind  sad 
\our lives are before us \,cf079a18a81e476c66b221b74b5af87e,im going to make satan duck you in the butt!!!!!!! god    this is what happens when you put me and me and breeazy in a room together
about to head to bed had a great night with breezy   glad i forced myself out of the house lol but i need sleep i have to work open to close tomorrow  sad  see ya guys later!
just worked my first open to close   i couldnt of asked for it to go better!!!! it was great!!! nothing really went wrong so it was amazing!!!!!
ok   so i have had two dreams about the sex of my child   in my first dream my child was a girl   but the whole dream revolved around sadness   during that whole dream i dont once remeber smiling   last night i had another dream about the sex of my child    and it was a boy   that dream was revolved around happiness and i dont once remember being sad   
well there goes the dedication    i was going to go before my dad decided to be a <propmale> and call me 10 minutes before it starts    oh well happy birgthday jd    we love and miss you    r i p
ah   not enough sleep last night at all   work form 930 to 530   gonna hopefully talk to my friend <propfirst> <propmale> for a bit and most likely going to fuck up my sleep schedule some more and take a nap   fun fun stuff   to all the soldiers out there    whether your in afghanistan iraq or kuwait   stay safe   we love and miss you and come home to us!!!
well my day has officially started   i wonder when it will come to an end?? hopefully not too late i hate staying up late when im forced  smile 
<propfemale> many things running through my head    i hope that on the 22cd everything will be clarified   idk    this is just killing me   i hate when ppl cant tell me more
wow    what a big load of my chest   im 3 months today!!! made it the safe zone as nadja likes to say   now my chances of carrying full term are 90%!!!!!!!!!!
just entered the i heart my sibling sweepstakes  enter for a <propmale> to win a trip to the wizarding world of <propmale> potter in <propmale> by telling us why you love your brother or sister 
so my aunt when to go touch my arm    and my dog jumped up on my lap and tried to bite her everytime she even attempted to touch me! i love my dog!!!!!!!!
"loving my life right where it is right now! drama free! and the baby is doing great! work is going great! one more thing and my life, in my eyes, would be perfect  cant really ask for anything else!"
hhhhmmmmm panda e playful ress!!!!!!
"but i never told you what i should have said, no i never told you, i just help it in  i miss everything about you   without you   colbie caillat    i never told you"
sitting at the house being bored   feeling a little better    finally its been a few days lol
fucking pissed beyond belief     these ppl will be fucking hearing from me tomorrow     god thats fucking retarded    now i have to face the task of trying to fucking sleep haha wishes wishes
pissed beyond belief     these ppl will be hearing from me tomorrow     god thats retarded    now i have to face the task of trying to sleep haha wishes wishes
"i might not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyones first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not because i'm way too good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who i am today!! post this as your status if your proud of who you are "
talking to my brother right now   and it really has me wondering what life would i have and where i would be if we actually grew up together   i have a lot of regrets about that and wished we could of kept in contact all these years   but i guess all i can do is be thankful that we are talking   and that he actually is willing to have me in his life in anyway
i have a mom who has made me laugh- wiped my tears- hugged me tight- watched me succeed-saw me fail- cheered me on & kept me strong! moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom!  smile  i love you momma ?
sitting here being bored   watching men of honor and looking at my fb to see if anyone i want to talk to is online    lol well   back to the movie!
"lindsay\lohan, 24, gets her name and face all over the news because she went to\jail  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus \bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>\<propmale>, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, \   23, and <propmale> tate, 27      , are all marines that gave their lives \for you this week  honor them by reposting this "
man this baby is kicking my ass tonight    im in so much pain right now    eh i guess all i can do is try and sleep through it   guess we shall see
well there is an amazing storm outside!!!!! so imma go and turn my comp off so it doesnt get fried in case anything happens lol   talk to you later!
ill watch the night turn light blue   but its not the same without you   because it takes two to whisper quitely    the silence isnt so bad   till i look at my hands and feel sad   because the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly!!!
haha fucking great    even though they are supposedly here for me its still all about them or him    wow fml
hhhhmmm    should i go with my mom tonight or go to youth     decisions decisions decisions   
really really wants to see nanny mcphee returns!!!!!
"i swear   it must be the hardest thing in the world for these two to be quite when its 10 at night    ill be sooooo glad when she finally leaves tomorrow!!! and she really needs to learn how to chew with her mouth closed    1 its disgusting, ur not a pig  and 2 no one wants to fucking hear any extra noise out of your mouth     gggaaahhh"
that dumb lil immature whore and that child molester really think i care what they think   haha thats hilarious!!!! she can get over the fact that she isnt getting her fucking way with me and learn that i dont feel sorry for
break away from everybody  break away from everything  if you can't stand the way this place is  take yourself to higher places!!!!!!!
can't sleep     hips hurt too bad   i hate anything having to do with growing  growing hurts lol  oh well i guess all i can do is take some asprin and try to go to sleep
"our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate  our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure  it is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us  we ask ourselves, who am i to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous? actually who are you not to be? you are a child of god "
so im at work    and i need to open a new can of whip cream for the shakes   and i cant open it!!!! so i struggle for 2 minutes and am 2 seconds away from crying when my other waitress comes to the rescue! i hate where i work sometimes! gotta love it though   there like a second family!
got my ultrasound today!!!! found out the sex!!!! if you want to know message me  i can't post it up on fb until saturday  lol
it's a boy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love where i am at in my life and who is in it!!! i couldn't be happier!!!!
sitting here looking at these flowers and thinking how lucky i am i got a second <propmale>!!!! i love you!!!
between the flowers and seeing the baby moving for the first time and the amazing phone conversation i just had    my life couldnt be any better!!! well except for the fact it would be ten million times better if he were here!!!
how should i feel lol my mom is very racist  she has lighting bolts tatooed on the back of her neck  stupid bitch lol
"cause when i’m kissing you my senses come alive\almost like the puzzle piece i’ve been trying to find\falls right into place you’re all that it takes\my doubts fade away when i’m kissing you\when i’m kissing you it all starts making sense\and all the questions i’ve been asking in my head\like are you the one? should i really trust?\<propfemale> clear it becomes when i’m kissing you"
had an amazing wake up call  smile 
wwwwwwhhhhhhhaaaaaaaa      plup!!!!!! haha good times!
come on bears    whoop the giants ass tonight!!!!!! dads tem is going down!!!!!
mmmmhhhhmmmmm <propmale> and cheese for lunch!!!!! then who knows!!!!
hold your own  know your name  and go your own way
i didnt know it was going to be this hard to go through this pregnancy alone      is there any relief in sight??????
worst fucking day ever     and its probably only going to get worse     fml
wishing he would call       
on the way to va havent seen the family there in a while   should be a good weekend!!!! psyched!!!!!!!!
yay!!!! ihop is amazing!!!!!!!!
was having a pretty good day   until some ppl got on my ass about something they know nothing about   is it not enough that i understand? why cant that ever be good enough?
bored out of my mind and just now realized how hot it is at my moms house  only one fan and that's in the parents bedroom
woke up a lil while ago  now having sone french toast!!!!!! hhhmmmmm
sitting here bored  wishing i was somewhere else  need to actually download music to my ipod so i'm not so bored all the time   sad 
last night i had a great dream  i dreamt that jd was living his life to the fullest in heaven  today is going to be a good day  i can't believe it has already been a year  r i p jd we miss and love you!!!!
kind of irritated    especially when people say one thing but then act and do something completely oppisite
i am officially 7 months today!!!! on the last leg of the journey!!!! finally in the third trimester!!!!
29 weeks!!!! bored   just woke up   crazy day yesterday   lets see whats in store today
sitting here thinking about alot of things   and one thing i have realized is that i am perfectly content with where my life is right now    and that i love love love who is in it and how lucky i am for it   i also wouldnt want to change a thing about it!!!!!!
missing my baby  sad  gone for 2 weeks  sad   sad   sad  sitting over at nadjas havin a blast!!!!!!!!
hates not being able to get back to sleep for like 2 hours when i wake up in the middle of the night  sad 
bored   tried to take a nap   very unsuccessful   finally fell asleep after an hour   and then got woke up 10 minutes later by the phone ringing  sad 
gonna try and go to bed    hopefully i will fall sleep soon   miss you baby   hope your having fun    goodnight all!!!
sssssssnnnnnnoooooooowwwwwwwww!!!!!!!! its snowing its snowing its snowing its snowing its snowing!!!!!!! yyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
hahaha i miss you spoon much! haha gotta love people who misspell things!!!! missing the baby!!! he comes home in 2 days though so i cant wait!!!!! it seems like so far away though!!!
bored as always    being blames for shit    as always   man i cant wait to get out of this damn house of double standards!
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants- to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it"
so    dam    tired             wishing i could sleep!!!! only had 2 hours so far    i tihnk imma try and go back to bed   text if ya want
"been up since 4  before that, woke up every 3 hours     sucks not being able to sleep    any relief in sight?? i think not"
one and a half centimeters dilated and contractions are 3 to 5 minutes apart and very strong    very very soon i shall have a new life to look after   kind of very scary thought  i hope to god i will be a good enough mother for this child!
i think my water just broke  not ruptured but broke  on the way to the hospital   again haha hopefully its the real deal
my beautiful son <propfirst> liam entered this earth on january 26th at 906am  he is 7lbs 12 oz and 20 in long!!!! camera dead   pics up soon
wants one certain thing to eat     but like always it doesnt matter and its not happening    kinda pissed
grape
grape!!!!!!!!!!
"i've made mistakes being a mom, sometimes more than i'd like to admit  but i will always be there for you,to hear you,to cheer you, to laugh or cry with you, to protect you with my life, & sometimes tell you things you don't want to hear  i will love you for eternity with all my heart  no one will ever love you more than i do, i'm your mom! repost if you have children of any age who will always be in your heart  ??"
"i can't believe it has already been 6 months since i have found the best thing that has ever happened to me, besides my son that is  the time has flown by way to fast, but i am looking foward to spending many many many more months and years with the love of my life! i love you graeme <propmale> axcell!!!!!"
