ac2a27aae1c01b52b0c3f87773206784
"woot i finally check my final exam grade for efs, i got a 89 on the test! i'm happy"
i'm so happy!!! i just got my debit card yesterday today i just got my credit card woot
anybody plays farmville or mafia wars add me as neighbor or into mafia
thankz for gifts
can ppl send me some more energy drinks for mobsters 2 thank you very much!
can some one send me a aguila hv  50 sniper rifle using mafia wars most wanted loot items!
"thank you all for sending me gifts in mobsters 2, too bad i can only receive 4 gifts a day, m4 and insider man are still needed"
i want some pigs   
sent out some gifts in farmville aphabethically tomorrow going to send out more starting with <propfemale>
food hungry   hmm maybe it is time to eat   
okay all my friends add me in mafia wars if you havn';t already
"okay that includes farmville and mobsters 2, add me if you havn't that way i can maximaize my friends"
can those that i just added as friends send invite into your mob for mafia wars thank you for convince
ruba chicka
good night all  and have fun while i'm away
can i get some gifts in farmville?
 annoyed 
food     
downloading some games right now   
i need one more unique gift in farmville b4 i get the blue ribbion for unspoil gifts please help
i need help in mafia wars i need a few automatic rifle and semi automatic shotgun to do a job please help
what is the name of the thing were you take dirver license test and you go there to get permit?
currently have 92 mafia wars members in mafia hoping to get to 150 my wednesday please help me get some mafia wars members
all those people that i'd added please send me mafia wars invite or mobsters 2 invite or vampire wars invite or farmville invite thank you
"i'm completely out of money in mobsters 2, what is that property that u need for the mission hire a miami nightclub promoter, and how do you own or build that property? i am confused"
anybody seen the movie nugase yakyuuken polorigurabia tengoku?
i just took my permit only got one question wrong    only took me 5 mintues to finish test though
my favorite part of the day is opening gifts that were sent from my friends thank you for the gifts  even though it takes a long time to go through all of them it is fun but time consuming
"okay can all my friends that play mafia wars, farmville, mobsters 2 and vampire wars please send invite into ur clan, neightbor, mafia, and family"
"i have 125 mafia members please help me by suggesting friends into my mafia, hope to have 175 mafia members by morning please help me grow my mafia"
i can';t get this movie playing on my psp nugase yakyuuken polorigurabia tengoku grrr    mad    
"i need help in mafia wars i was killed by <propmale> benson, please help me get revenge  "
be back in a few
in mafia wars how do you get bloody mops and stuff?
i need help getting a prop plane need it to do a mission
"please help me in mafia wars, i need some consealable cameras please help me get lvl 3 job completeion in hitman"
i need more mafia member in mafia wars and mobsters 2 please help me by suggesting friends that you know that plays those two games
attention all my mafia members please read          everyone be aware of a message going around asking you to look at a website called fbstarter  this is a password grabber and logs your info for someone else to use  please copy and paste this in your status!!!
anybody got the email from osipova? i need the hw questions
"my internet is not working on my desktop, had to resort to using macbook "
"<propmale> runyan need help in farmville please help me and him by sending <propmale> some farmville gifts especailly animalks and trees, please this will really help this farmville player out  he is in dire need of help and gifts!! he also need some farmville neighbors currently he has 15 neighbors please help him out   <propmale> runyan"
help me please gain more mafia wars member help me grow my family
"clan mates i have an request those that i'd sent gifts like command rat swarm, cause madness, command wolf pack, and bone spikes please send them back to me  i was sending them out to get some vampire <propfemale> gifts  i need the bones spikes more urgently than the rest  please send evoguy in vampire wars, or chenggeorge7@gmail com"
please help me my mafia wars members to complete this job!!! loot a shipment of: power plough i need a few more ppl to help me thank you very much
look for my i gotta move this money! post please help me
help me move the money in mafia wars!! it is on my mafia wars <propfemale>   hurry plaeae
mafia members please help me so far only 4 people responded to my loot dentist drill request
i need help getting ym shipment of dental thing please help
http annoyed  apps facebook com inthemafia track php?next_controller annoyed aunder&next_action=give_help&zy_track=newsfeed&from=<facebook id>&ztrack_category=money_laundering_continue_jackpot&ztrack_subcategory=%25ztrack_subcategory%25&friend=<facebook id>&next_params=%7b%22target_id%22%3a%22<facebook id>%22%2c%22job_city%22%3a%221%22%2c%22job%22%3a%2273%22%2c%22skip_interstitial%22%3a%221%22%7d&_fb_q=1&ref=nf
i really need some reindeer food in vw please help
how do i change language? i accidentally change it to protugal
back to engihs
war coming soon please be prepared my mafia members
how do you get the key for the chest in mafia wars? does it show up or do you have to click it to obtain the key
i have a war coming soon
war soon! please be ready
war coming soon
war soon
i need help getting into bangkok please help me
what does the envelope of <propfemale> ba do? what can you use it for? do you open it or something?
war soon
war coming up
war soon
i need someone to correct my terrible english please help?
anybody can edit my terrible english paper
finally done with english senior thesis now i need some one to edit my terrible english please send me a message in inbox thank you! good night good luck all my classmates on ur thesis
i need someone to edit my grammar in my senior thesis please help? i need to email it in 4 hours
war soon
i need some one to edit my grammar in my english thesis please help 10 pages message me in my inbox if you can help i need it in 3 hours
war soon
war soon
war soon
war soon
war soon
got accepted to suny esf
war soon
war soon
war soon
<propfemale> alert: stop playing for a minute   copy and repost!!!! 3 yr old boy taken by man in r ochester mn driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse   plate# 98b351   report if you wish   you know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew  seriously!!! i e playful ect to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times a child is in danger          (pass it on)
war please help !!
soon war
war
war soon
war now it did not get posted
"it is my birthday today, i officially turn 19"
wae
war sioon
war help not posted
war
mw war not posted!!!
need help mw war it is not posted on my wall 1 person left please help me finish this war
war soon
war help it did not get posted please help me post my war!!
war on mw please post my war!!
war war war gog go
mw war please help not posted i think you have to click my wishlist
war soon
war soon
"all players of mw, vw, and m2 please add me thank you"
mw war soon please get ready!!!!!
please help me in war go to mafia war home <propfemale> look at player update look for my war aroudn 23 mins ago
mafia war loot shipment please help  loot a shipment of sad ue balls  19 attack   16 defense6 of your friends helped you loot the shipment 
war soon
mw war soon
war soon
war soon
war soon
war soon
can someone report that mafia wars is not allowing thing to get posted!! i can't post my war and reward my friends in the war or post boss fights and request gifts  can someone report this
war soon idk if i can post it right now i can't even post wish list
need item bingo card x0deck of cards x0dice x0 please help send me a message in inbox to trade for items
war soon
can someone help me with my mosco job and bangkok job please
war soon
mw war get ready!!!!!
war!!!!
war!!
war soon get ready!~!!!!
war soon!!!
i need some white lilies please help!!!! 6 more white lilies to complete please send me gifts white lilies in vampire wars
war soon gte ready!!!
war soon get ready!!!!!
war soon
mw war soonn!!!!!
mw war soon!!!!!
mw war can't post please go to mw war homepage and go to player update for my war
war soon!!!
war soon!!!!
war soon!!!!
can someone send me a mysterious gift in m2 so i can start my own war?
mw war soon please get ready!!!
mw war soonz
mw war get ready
mw war soon
mw war soon
mw war soon
mw war helop!!!!
mw war soon
war soon
school is closed!!!!
me war get ready!!!!
mw war soon!
mw war soon!!!!!
mw war soon!
mw war soon!!!!
mw war soon!!! get ready!
new war!!!!
war soon
war soon!!!
mw war soon!!!
can some body help my weapons depot? by sending me some gunpowder by clicking my request
i have war soon get ready!! mw war
i can't play mw the url is bad    annoyed 
need some help in new game that i'd started treasure isle please send some help! thankz
my mom is making scallion cakes for the apush thing she is too lazy and busy to make other chinese food     smile 
"anyone wants to buy extra graduation tickets first row $7 each row d, third row $5 each row g contact me in my inbox"
"anyone wants to buy extra graduation tickets first row $7 each row d, third row $5 each row g contact me in my inbox"
"anyone wants to buy extra graduation tickets first row $7 each row d, third row $5 each row g contact me in my inbox  and yes i am the only one that has front row tickets cuz ms kenny gave me the whole first row"
waiting to graduate
mw war soon!!
please help me mw war
 annoyed  haircut      
who is going to six flags tomorrow!?!?! i have a spare ticket want to split the price of the tickets 
 sad  sadden life is mean   
please help! need some cloth to complete their pirate ship plans
need help mw the last agent need to be killed only have 2hrs 50 mins to do it  and i have classes now
need lots of damned souls for vampire wars thankz in advance
ninja ninja ninja <propmale>
japan radio rocks!!!!
need some more curly tails!
need some fresh shank    thankz
neeed lots of boss hogs and armory sypplies
need help!!! war in mw
mw war 2 spots left need two more peopel!!! for teh war!!
help mw war someone attacked me please help
need some bubba mask don't have gold mastery yet
"need mask in mw, need both bubba mask and the dublin mask"
need 2 dubya mask and lots of rock mask please help in mw
need 3 rock mask please help
craving mushrooms for some odd reason    
need lots of items for crime city please help!!! and add me if you play crime city
drills for crime city anybody send me some???
"need drills, paint, and mystery armor 2 please help@!!"
what is up with this backup thing? do we need to make a backup>??
so bored    
chinese food is yum   and left overs are even better
omfg its snowing    well had been for a few hours    so happy!! snow finally
don't feel like sleeping today!!! been up since 3 surprise 0 and on thursday went to sleep at 4 surprise 0am
hmm comedy keeping me awake   
sweet got something to do for the next 2 hours!!! woot keep my brain working so i don't fall asleep
something is ringing in the dorm    
i think popcorn got into my nose    annoyed  feels weird up there
the chemistry video has me doing only one backflip     sad  after i did 10 backflips in the snow and other funny acrobatics     sad  i want more funny flips
"going to take a nap   hopefully someone show up and take me to a party with them,   "
i'd bite my tongue    now everything taste spicy and stingy    every food or drink i have in my tongue stings    sad  at first i thought it was spicy   
hungry    
grrrrr     so mad    some random guy did not return my green uniball pen!!!! mad as hell  
on megasbus now going to syracuse
woah i'm asian???
mexico
okay its only my screen that is asian
nuts      the vegetable kind   i think    itz veggies
guess what i just did!~!!!!
"so bored and hungry\food times"
