ff3b58883dacb5c2dbd83b3e0b8f0e6f
"if we demand that all of congress' health benefits will end until universal healthcare is passed, they would take two weeks or less to get it done   why did they have lifelong comprehensive health care approved by both houses years ago, paid for by the ta playful ayers, before us citizens got theirs?"
"daily oxymorons: free throw, monkey business, legal tender, politically correct "
"   and then a big, brown shark came   "
"today's limerick: there once was absinthe from nantucket, which she fixed in a five gallon bucket, she'd louche for thujone, then drink it alone, to derision, she'd grin and then duck it! (i made that up myself)"
"new movie quote \i have not yet begun to defile myself\""   first one to get it wins """
"saw <propfirst> knopfler on wed  with <propmale> & <propmale>   it was great   i worried a bit that they were letting in so many hippies, but i try not to judge   to the guy in row a of the balcony- sit down & stop playing air guitar to every single song   he's not going to look up from the stage, think \whoa- i ought to give that guy an audition \""  you looked foolish to the 500 people behind you """
to all scio central school class of '85- need a place to stay?  we can put up 2-4 comfortably for free if you don't mind rooming with two hippie biker types from the wellsville boonies!!  get ahold of me on facebook for details and obfuscated driving instructions   i could also be talked into making an airport run or two 
"there once was a broad from the sticks,\who knew a few witchy little tricks \she was a reckoning force,\but ever kind, of course,\for troubles she liked to fix \\(i decided friday haiku's aren't my forte', cause <propmale> has us all trumped in that arena   i'll stick with limericks- right up my alley )"
"how do we justify allowing people who've never done anything wrong to be taken off life support and starved to death, when that method would be considered cruel and unusual punishment for our worst criminals?   why do we allow the government to be involved in what is a heartbreaking decision that should be made by the patient and their families only   starving people is macabre and medieval "
seven come eleven- 26 years- no way!
"what?  haliburton?  involved with the oil gushing into the gulf?  no!  what a shock   kbr, you've done it again   to what purpose, i wonder?"
"my favorite limerick by pamm geffers, age 8\\\there once was a goat named 'moat'",\ff3b58883dacb5c2dbd83b3e0b8f0e6f,"deano,\never forget two things:  it's mighty warm under the wing of a dragon, and a villian wears many masks-the most dangerous mask is the one that makes the villian seem nice   watch your back, my brother   i will pray for you and the kids to the end of my days \\i wish you well, always \<propfemale>"
"there once was a <propfemale> from the hills\who had gotten too heavy from pills\but she's back in size 3\so her hubby can see\that she won her battle of wills "
happy birthday
"when left with no options, the decision becomes clear   (i made that one up all by myself!  i think it's my best to date )"
name the tune:  \   in the darkest depths of mordor,\ff3b58883dacb5c2dbd83b3e0b8f0e6f,"two heads are better than one, but one face is better than two!!!!!  (i made that one up myself, also)"
"i was glad to see the balloons come over the house as i was forced to boycott this year's balloon rally when i learned that bp (yeah, that bp) was in the rally and also sponsored the fireworks! this is disdainful on so many levels i don't know where to begin   way to use every <propfemale> you've got to clean up your friggin mess, bp!"
"burn the koran day?  way to show the world who the better people are, you backwards, illogical douche   you yourself admit that not all muslims are bad, yet you can't understand that that's who you'll be insulting   way to show the world what love and christian <propfemale> are all about   go ahead- exercise those 1st amendment rights- as i here have exercised mine   i'll pray for your confused, egotistical soul "
"a thank you to all who have contacted me during my last two medical episodes  i still have a 103 temp,but hey, i got myself over to the computer for the first time in a few weeks! send <propmale> all of your prayers as he shouldn't have to deal with any of this, but does, as always without complaint   i know that so many of you are dealing with some horrible heartbreaking things now, and all my love goes out to you "
"wow-madfe it to the computer for the 4th time in 24 hrs   doc just called   i've got to go to the hospital   don't you fret, amy-i'll be there for you tomorrow even if i have to sneak out   i'll post more when there is more   hopefully, i'll be back soon "
"i'm back!  if they don't make me go to the hospital tomorrow, i should be in the clear "
"i'm sick of being sick   i'm sick of the thermometer, i'm sick of bed   it could be worse, so i'll <propfemale> on to that til i can get up and do something "
"great- doc just called- back to the hospital for more blood work, more ct scans    goody goody- i was feeling so bored   hopefully, they'll let me come home when they're done- when they do, i'll let you all know   wish me luck- again!!!!!"
"what's on my mind?  skull   the circle of willets   ummmmm- hair   big money, big money, big money, no whammies- stop"
"had a sore throat , swollen glands, and an excruciating back problem goin on day 4 now   no fever, but wth?  i get to be ok for 3 days and then slammed again for the last month now   calgon, take me away!"
"nawlins!!!!!!\they call him <propfirst> brees   \"""""
"i now think, \that the most likely reason of all,\is because that her heart\is nine sizes too small "
i can't believe i'm not butter 
i suddenly realized- this is the oldest i've ever been 
"i thought i'd procrastinate, but decided to wait til tomorrow "
"so many people in this world are like slinkys- not good for much, but they put a smile on your face when you push them down a flight of stairs "
remember - you're unique- just like everyone else!
"as much as i try to be an easygoing, stretch your wings and fly type    i just can't stop trying to burst people into flames with my mind! ; )"
"i've said it before, and i'll say it again- real women stab from the front!"
"if wood<propmale>s can't <propmale> wood, then why are they called that?"
"i think the <propfirst> <propfemale> story is misleading    i was shocked to learn that he picked those pickled peppers not from a magical pickled pepper plant, but off a store shelf, which isn't really remarkable enough to be put in anyone's oral tradition "
"i see the glass not as half empty, nor do i see the glass as half full   the glass is obviously too flippin' big "
"tonight, my prayers and tears are with those egyptian mommies, who can finally, openly, grieve the loss of their children who were murdered by mubarek's secret police for having the audacity to disagree with his methods   those in our government who put and kept him in power should have to beg forgiveness at the feet of those women   congrats, egypt- may your future be your own!"
happy vd everyone!
"he couldn't be wrong-er if his name was \wrong wrongerson\""!"""
"friday haiku:  look at him- soooooo cute-\acting like he's got options-\he still thinks he's right "
http annoyed  apps facebook com interview ?ref=bookmarks&count=0
"to any confused readers-  my interview no longer seems to be available for perusal   i am working diligently on this issue, as i would be remiss not to share my thoughts and quasi-humorous statements with the marginally interested few   wordy little thing, aren't i?"
remember- everything's legal   just don't get caught!
"ok, dr  fong- don't let me down   <propfemale>, it wouldn't surprise me if you knew this also:  movie quote:  \go away or i shall taunt you a second time!\"""""
i can't believe i'm not butter!
what was captain hook's name before <propfirst> pan cut off his hand?
