720371d9252378ffe976bf20a9353a65
i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow
must   understand   spanish
not feeling so well
done taking all those quizzes citie wanted me to take  smile 
<propfemale> was here   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh !!! pshh please 
gonna make brownies because i am mad bored
"if you have a paper, and make all the periods in it size 18, and your paper is about two <propfemale>s then your paper will be 1 2 <propfemale> longer"
iiiii finished my history paper! freeeedom!
rewriting an english paper  sad  geez i am so tired of how money affects pip and his society
just sent in english paper! watch me get a grade lower than an 80!
just re-sent my english paper because ms  okeeffe lost my old one now i gotta wait even longer! geez the suspense
yay! i'm so happy that my english class liked my brownies! it reminded me of my really cool spanish class last year who liked em
over at rutgers and i am so tired that i feel like my eyes are gonna burn
i really don't know how im gonna survive the rest of this year with ms  okeeffe as my english teacehr
gooooonaaaaa make cookies!
my ears are hurting so much because citie won't turn off her garbage music!!!
there's this weird howling coming from outside and i'm pretty sure its not wind   if only citie were here to go and stop it lol
feels like utter crap
avoiding homework  troubled 
i wish i was good at putting my thoughts into words    maybe writing annoying english papers would be a lot better
"can't wait for the <propfemale> in wonderland cd to out, but more importantly, the all american rejects have a song on it!"
all i did today was work on a history paper and talk to my cousin on facebook    today was the biggest lifewaster
ilya + <propfemale> + <propfirst> = <propfemale> i still don't know what that means
no school for two days in a row! i never actually thought it would happen
just made cookies and they came out pretty good  laugh 
who knew crutches could be so much fun  laugh 
so   tired  of crutches so achy d:
gonna make cookies and lemonade (i should really host a picnic)
my tummy hurts  sad  i gotta stop eating chex mix
aww forgot to do the tradition of littering on earth day
have so much homework to do and from the looks of things it's just not gonna happen right now
"my paper is two pages, i need four      time to enlarge the periods!"
another paper to write over the weeekend   waaah
supercalifradgilistice playful ialidocious even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious
"been studying for math all day and my brain is so fried\and the book only makes studying harder because it different than what picard teaches d: d: d:"
"can't wait til school's over  laugh \but i'm kinda gonna miss this year"
happy first day of summer  smile 
<propfemale> really like my <propfirst> gaskarth plushie so this means making the rest of the band will count for future gifts and i don't need to think of what to get anymore or get any clishè gifts anymore  laugh 
i'm hungwy  sad       i could really go for some sushi
"i ate waaaaaaaaayyyy too much\\tummy hurtss so much"
aww i forgot to say rabbit this morning
i really need to not get so distracted when typing papers d:
"almost done with history assignment but cant seem to finish it\itll happen eventually   hopefully"
finally have a fast computer  laugh 
"finally finished dbq!  laugh \it has to be three pages     and i have six  sad "
"gonna fail ms  hecht's class\she's crazy"
"if today got any more awkward and rushed, i probably wouldn't care anymore at this point"
"so classes i thought i would do really well in, i'm doing horrible in\classes i thought i would fail, i'm doing amazing in"
i like it on the dresser
i lost all my pictures of red shirt  sad 
"it took me like five people's statuses to realize that it was hailing outside\i seriously think i must be going deaf or something"
"this sounds like fun  smile \\like my status & i'll tell you annoyed 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of \3  my first memory of you  \4  the animal you remind me of    \5  ask something i've always wondered about you \6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname "
"\gonna write an essay that's what i say\"""""
brah brah brah brooklyn rage brah brah brooklyn rage nyeh nyeh nyeh
