89538d9fa7bf5a0a1de34833cdd6f81c
"i'll take the cup of good cheer,but what exactly is figgy pudding???"
6 beers and 2 shots in
30 mins east coast
happy new year! (east coast)
happy new year (west coast)
"and with that,i call it a night   "
"been away for a while, not by choice i just paid my phone <propmale> so now i got my internet service back   thanks t-mobile   fuckers!!!"
quick stop in bakersfield think i got about 230 <propmale> to go but im about to stop somewhere cause this sleepyness is rediculous
"made it to stockton that's the good thing,bad thing car fuckd up as soon as i got to my aunts house so now i gotta catch the bus   shit"
taking the bus sucks
today is gonna be a boring day
i am bored out of my mind!!!
this black <propfemale>-lime vitamin water taste like koolaid   i just paid 2 dollars for a bottle of <propfemale> koolaid
my aunt just gave me two of the smallest pieces of chicken known to man   quit playn where's my plate   oh! this is my plate (sigh)
life sucks when you're broke
"i just heard my 12 yr old cousin singin rihanna's \rude boy\"" word for word   damn ol fast ass lil girl"""
"im having a party inside my head,everyones invited  i only have 1 beer tho so,you're on your own for drinks"
sold my car finally!!!
i get to say goodbye to stockton may 4th god i can't wait
t minus 8 days in counting until im up out this bitch
i just got cheesy chip dust n my eye  its worst than a paper cut   help me baby jesus
1 more day in stockton woohoo!!!
i just found out my neighbor is a murderer
she shot her sister in law stole and put her in the car and drove around with her in the car until she died
its official!!! im up out this bitch  im on the greyhound leaving stockton
finally made it to n c !!!
me and this humidity is gone be fightin in a minute   shit cool down already
no bueno!!
im feeling very blah-ish right about now
these storms down south aint no joke
"i need to figure out how to link my facebook and twitter accounts together,cause all this updating is a bit too much!"
i dont think midol likes me anymore
wow im drunk    happy
happy birthday mama!!!
5 2010 she would have been 49 today east coast time that is!
5 22 2010
about to watch the new nightmare on elm street
im so bad i can bitch slap a backhanded compliment
finally got my phone <propmale> paid   in just enough time to pay it again in 4 days   shit
procrastination is just like masturbation   everything is all good til you realized you fucked yourself
"shit i don't feel good,im pretty sure i drank to much i know if i throw up i'll feel sooo much better"
whew so much better
"i hate hangovers,im just as naseaus if not more than i was last night and on top of that it feels like there's a demon in my stomach break dancing   this shit sucks"
i've never been able to throw my hands in the air and wave em like i just don't care   i guess i just care too much
"7-11 is gonna start selling their own brand beer called \game day\"" doesn't matter what game it is   if you drink that beer you're a loser"""
it takes fewer muscles to smile then to frown   but it takes even fewer muscles to give the finger to whoever made you frown
had 2 beers and a late lunch messed around and got the itis   time for some sleep
"north <propfemale> weather is so unpredictable, it was just <propfemale> and hot as hell 5 minutes ago   now its raining wtf weather make up your mind!!"
its about 3am here in n c  so im calling it a night g'night facebook friends & family
"just waking up from a much needed power nap,now im bout to go to the store get sum beer and wait for this game to come on to watch it with my brother"
that game was very very disappointing!!!
guess its time for some gears of war2
watchn scarface
stupid chicks annoy me
happy 31st birthday to my little big brother
i think i sprained my thumb   no bueno
yep i sprained my thumb
playn some uncharted for ps3
watchn the three stooges
so far the only thing i've gotten out of living in north <propfemale> is nose bleeds and being close to having heat strokes 
everytime i cough it feels like my lungs are on fire and being stabbed at the same time   being sick sucks balls
still coughing up my lungs
holy crap balls batman!!!
to catch a predator   oh how i love thee
why are u shootn its the 4th not new years   one of the many perks of livin in tha hood
i have officially become mosquito food
god if u please let me get through this day i swear i will never drink again
just broke my promise   im drinking again
this beer got me pissin like a race horse
wait should i have said peeing? well im not very lady like so pissing it is   deal with it
"wakin up today with no hangover,feelin good"
"all of outside smells like fried chicken,i think i could get full just by sniffm the air"
its storming   again (sigh)
tryna clean out my computer and tune it up its moving real slow it needs a lil pick me up
oh you fancy huh
the shit just got real!
is buzzing right about now
i almost broke my back tooth eating a baked potatoe   i shouldn't be allowed to eat without parental supervision
<propmale> head ache issues   major!!!
why am i just now discovering bad girls club   this show is the shit
"no more facebook til the middle of next week,that's when the cell <propmale> will be low enough to pay   thanks t-mobile,u suck  this two and a half year relationship is about to come to an end new phone new service"
old school bologna and cheese sandwhich
"i hate my schedule,went to bed at 5am this morning and had to wake up at 8 and work maybe i should learn how to put the xbox controller down and take my ass to sleep"
trying to take care of some business and get things done before my brother wakes up and wants the internet piece back
"my aunt dont seem to understand its hot as hell upstairs,lord why does she keep turning off the air conditioner"
blah
"my sleeping scheduel is lame, im gonna be up all night now guess im bout to spend some time with my good friend mr xbox 360"
anybody know how you delete your myspace account?
i took 2 midol 30 mins ago and they still havent kicked in yet anybody got a vicodin or a horse tranqualizer?i need to be knocked out these cramps is killing me
good morning fb or should i say good night   im goin to bed
super duper hangover status
a little nba 2k 10 then off to bed
"its 11pm and im just waking up,had nothing but bad dreams of gangsters tryna kill me   maybe i should stop listening to 2pac before i go to sleep"
3:42 am what to do what to do hmmm   gears of war 2 it is  anybody up can come get some xbox live
trying to sleep and theyre puttting in new counters and cabnets starting the day off with a head ache   yay
g'd night fb im actually going to sleep on time for once   kinda
so long fb until we meet again   or at least until the internet or my phone gets turned on which ever comes first
night night fb fam
cant get my phone turned on til the 6th damn this is gonna be the longest 3days of my life
the kid is back! phone <propmale> is paid finally
beer time
"i think im on the verge of being fit\\ shaced"
"i gotta stop smoking,i climbed about 8 stairs and it feels like i just ran a 24k"
who else besides me is waiting for halo reach?
"contacted all my old high schools,should be getting my transcripts in a couple days,after all the paper work is here my butt will be heading off to school to get that good ol g e d wish me luck folks"
my phone is acting super retarded   my side kick is slippin
what in the hell was canada doing on season 5 of <propfemale>'s best dance crew?they didn't win but still isn't it called america's best dance crew
pro annoyed iving in the south gives u an excuse for eating a shit load of ice cream  con:being lactose intalorent and eating a shit load of ice cream   big mistake
"really tlc,do you really have a show called pregnant at 70   really?"
"keep it moving people, nothing to see here"
wow the vma's are on mtv and vh1 and so far <propfemale> handler is sucking on both channels
time sure does fly by when you doin nothing but playing video games all day 
"12hrs straight of halo reach,i think i can go 12 more   somebody pass the coffee"
"im down for the count,good night fb"
my aunt keeps the tv on lmn i've never watched so much lifetime in my own lifetime
people kill me sometimes   wow
it's 1 surprise 5am  im callin it a night pretty early   well for me anyway
"im thrown a party tonight people,what ya'll bringin?"
"lol they brought off brand soda,instead of it being called mountain dew its called moutain lion"
michigan state won woohoo
why am i up so early (- __ -) i don't have to be at work until tonight so there is no excuse
and with that being sa-zzzzzzz
alright im officially up
fucking aye!
"i wish my brother would hurry the fuck up,he got me over here sittin in this hot ass house"
slow ass internet connection
cricket service is the equivalent of having internet service through metro   shitty
wasted
<propfirst> scissor hands is on yaaay
just when you think you're in the clear they bust into song   i hate musicals
"well not hate,strongly dislike"
what do you wanna do before you die?
rain sucks donkey balls
"don't you hate when you're thinking of something,and it just will not come to you"
"i just did the mexican hat dance on my shirt,trying to kill a spider but i don't think its dead   im scared that i've angered it and its gonna attack me in my sleep"
lets go michigan state  20 to 10 in the 3rd quarter lets gooo!!!!
come on <propfemale>! damn!
touchdown!!!!! good one cousins
woo hoo!!!
5-0 undifeated thas what's up spartens
flute solo!
phones gonna be off at 3am est until god only knows when so tryna get all my txts and emails out tonight
good nite facebook  until we meet again   
chillin with my little big brother today
catch ya'll on the flip side
not having a phone really sucks donkey balls   im just sayin
"booo,its raining"
"lol i cant get that song out my head attention people of facebook: if you have not seen or heard bed itruder,please go to youtube  i promise it will put a smile on your face "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vksvsbhswjg&feature=channel
"when im alone in my room,sometimes i stare at the wall and in the back of my mind i hear my conscience call"
what a day! calling it a night   night night fb peeps
the kid is back!
i still to this day don't understand why i have to wait until november to watch a halloween episode of the simpsons    it baffles me
i planned on eating dinner before bed some fried chicken rice and gravy  i ate my rice but im falling asleep in my chicken so i think its time to call it a night   night fb
this day light savings is already fucking me up
i have never walked so much in my entire 24 years of living   never again!!!
"my feet feels like i've walked over hot coals,then run over by a semi,then hit with hammers   "
this fool had me out there e playful loring like we were <propfirst> and <propmale> or somethin 
aboslutely everything about my day so far has been completely inappropriate
when i die i wanna be reincarnated as dog the bounty <propmale> 
"i was one swing away from dislocating my shoulder  i gotta sit down,this kinect is too much for one day"
"my shoulder is super duper stiff, it hurts like crazy  i never knew video games could be so painful "
it should be against the law how much i ate for dinner  but it was some good ass soul food so imma let it slide 
wtf is this q&a shit?
is it 20 questions or a bootleg formspring?
a storm is abrewin
its kinda hard to believe in a tornado warning when its been the theird one this week
damn im getting old  today in exactly 4 months i will be 25 where in the hell has the time gone?
"special needs kids are not sick or gross,they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hoour? it is special education week and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way "
smoke break!!!
im bout to take out my net and catch some zzz's  g'dnight  fb fam
"attention all fb friends an fam!!!  please be advised,im helping my aunt cook for thanksgiving so please be on the look out,i may need medical and fire response cause i can't cook worth a damn and i may need the fire department and ambulance asap so have em on stand by and send them to n carolina if necessary"
sittn here watchin alladin haha
"i dnt even remember falling asleep,damn slight head ache  drunk 1 too many beers woo,happy thanksgiving yall"
happy thanksgiving yall
back to the future marathon anyone?
"alright i am officially done eating thanksgiving food,i can't even look at it anymore "
i just fell up the stairs smh   where they do that at!
i think my brain just threw up
anybody else listenin to pink friday? if so what do ya'll think? i just got it today
its snowin and cold as hell outside
2 pamphlets i seen on glee that i don't think i would ever see in a real guidance counselors office: <propfemale> my privets & im in love with my step dad 
there was no fortune in my cookie   what does that mean?
they're thinking about turning <propfirst> <propmale>'s neverland ranch into a music school
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night 
<propfemale> christmas
i got my first white christmas 
"its been 1 year today that my mom passed away    i miss her,but i know she's in a way better place "
first shot of <propfemale> kill ya   it begins   
grand adventures await those who are willing to turn rhe corner<-- my fortune  guess it's making up for my last cookie that didn't have a fortune in it 
disco stu!
most normal people would of went to bed a loooong time ago   guess im not normal
"damn im blind,my glasses need glasses"
"nothing changed, i'm still a pisces "
"spendin some time with my 360,it's been feeln a bit neglected lately"
i don't know if i wanna hop on the 360 or go to bed  i've been up since 10 last night
"i still dont know if i should play another game or take my ass to bed, hmm   "
"that 5hr energy worked too good,i dont even remember falling asleep last night"
u can do everything else on a ipod touch except send a msg on facebook  wtf this is some bull
man i can't wait to get paid so i can get my xbox gold subscription back
i think i could go for a power nap
"april fools!   got that outta the way early, now i don't have to worry about it "
"its been a chill sunday, some beers, some 360, ordered some dinner  time to coast until i go to bed"
"my brother asked me what do i wanna order for dinner, we just ordered and ate somethin  this dude is tryna get me precious fat"
frustrated
well this is a suprise   
uh oh hot dog
"besides my sister i know not one gross,either i was too young and dnt remember them or i've never met them "
"i remember as a little kid i use to be terrified of <propfirst> <propmale>'s thriller video,lol i would hide on the couch whenever it came on"
what the hell is <propfirst> wonder doin at the all <propfemale> game?
somebodies got the munchies    i wonder why???
can u call grand theft auto 4 a throw back now?
my shirt smells like cigarettes and fabric softner  lol don't mind me y'all i'm lifted at the moment
fuck this i'm goin back to sleep
"what a night so many cops in one area damn,glad im finally home "
   yeah
"gettn dressed then off to <propmale> world   somebody remind me to get some\ more peanuts later lol thanks "
3 more hrs then i can go home and get in the bed
it smells like somebody sharted in the break room  somebody needs to check they pants asap
clocked outta the work clock now im bout to clock into this bed and do some over time
<propfemale> <propmale> is doin dancin with the stars lolol that's hilarious
there are two kinds of people in this world: those who finish what they start and
woman's history month?
peanuts and strawberry orange <propfemale> delight  odd combination yet so good
you know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? you can get the same feeling drinking for two days straight
"if i ever make a puckered-lips-kiss-face in a picture,please feel free to punch me in the face"
we live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
the mclobster? seriously? that shit looks so disgusting  it looks like somebody chewed a bunch of food and spit it out on a hot dog bun
who was the asshole that came up with the mclobster?
done messed around and slept all day now im up for the rest of the night
i don't know if i wanna watch the home shopping network or this nuoven infomercial  those are the only two things that seem to be on at 4am 
bored!!!!!
this whole month of march is lookn good for the kid  phone <propmale> is paid plus i found a brand spankn new xbox gold membership card (1 month) the kid is back    at least til april lol
"belly full of food,now it's time for some halo reach"
"shit cant fall back to sleep,might as well play some box"
rest in peace donnis edwards you will definately be missed
"today is my aunts birthday good ol 46 or 45 to be perfectly honest with you i don't know how old that women is   anywho,happy birthday nette"
"bout to call it a day<--- that took me like 15 mins to type out,i was dozing off with my ipod in my hand   don't judge me,i'm just extremely tired"
"got out the shower not to long ago,felt clean and refreshed  2 mins later stepped in my nieces puke   not feelin so clean and refreshed anymore"
"i love me some sleep  i think i'll get some right now, night fb"
"my eyes are open, but i am not awake"
"some people wake and bake, i wake and halo"
i'm on that <propfirst> sheen   winning!
beer flowin and halo playn   my kinda day
"these walls are so thin i can hear the next door neighbors whole phone conversation, both talking and recieving ends "
i wanna go next door and give this lady a halls  she may need something stronger cause her cough sound down right unhealthy
"goin to bed, catch y'all on the flip side"
extreame super <propfemale>
"i am beyond sleepy, how the he'll am i still awake? i should be passed out in the corner somewhere "
watching dark wing duck
who remember secret squirrel? that was my shit
i say its time for some alcohol   its 5 o'clock somewhere
im in love with <propfirst> jane she's my main thang she makes me feel alright she makes my heart sang
so im in a 18 wheeler and it gets stuck in the snow  12 hrs later tow truck comes and it gets stuck in the snow 1 1 2 later we're both out and on the road just something i was goin through this time last year   ahh memories
i got smoke in my eye   and it hurts like a mutha
happy birthday to me   east coast time anyway
conversation with my aunt  nette:happy birthday   me: im not a baby anymore   nette: you wasn't a baby yesterday shit  lol
happy bday to me (west coast time) 29 minutes late
before i get to sauced up and  forget  i wanna thank everybody for the birthday wishes its much apperciated
wasted
bday was offically over 40 mins ago on the east coast  but i'm partyn like i still live in cali
"had a great bday yesterday  woke up <propmale> over, sad thing is i don't remember falling asleep"
homemade shrimp fried rice  why yes thank you
sittn in the laundromat   not fun
woke up with a cold   awesome
i hate being sick
"i feel miserable,i hate being sick"
"me,this lady and her baby are signing up for g e d classes   babies gotta learn too"
no more stuffy nose   kinda
i reckn it's time for me to hit the hay
alcohol poisoning   yay fun
"played some kinect today, shoulders already getting stiff  gonna pay for it in the morning"
"ke$ha looks like she's a dirty girl  and not the <propmale> dyrdek kind of dirty girls,she's like the dirty girl that doesn't shower regulerly"
ooouch my arm   and my back   and my hip  i need some icy hot asap
