6d9c21ee110bfcb205cb28547451c14d
2010
"thinking about puppets and rocket ships, and i saw avatar in 3d last night which was fun"
rocket ships and puppets!
"hi friends!  i've been busy with the upcoming show, so check out my new pics and give me some feedback!"
six days!!
"great show last night, you guys! i had a really good time and sold 14 paintings! maybe next time the transformer won't blow up and all the bands can play!! i 'll keep you posted about the next event, we're calling it \future show\""!"""
"<prop<propfemale>le> sale today @ 174 lafayette road, salisbury <propfemale>  everything must go! $10 each for any piece! now until sun-down!"
"if you can't make it to my <propmale> sale today, i'll also be doing it this wednesday and friday, from eleven a m  until sun-down!!"
"<propmale> sale today and this friday!! $10 a piece until everything's gone!! i've got to make room in my house for my next series, so come to 174 lafayette road in salisbury and pick up a painting!!"
get between the fences and stay down low
sometimes i like to get out a stack of old paintings and give them a fresh layer  that's what i'll be up to tonight  fun!
climbing <propmale> mountain
"coffee, corn muffins, and clementines"
so the newest plan is to leave for new york on monday   
"i can't physically take all my <propmale> with me, so i've been giving it all away for freeeee along with most of my other possesions  it's almost all gone!! i think i've got fifteen pieces left, maybe less!"
"unique new york, 3 times fast"
"starting my new job in dreyden ny today, oh boy  less than a week and i'm already employed, yay"
i'll let you be in my dream if i can be in yours
i can't find my usb cable and my batteries are dead so no new pics yet!  sad  unfortunate   
memory card!
"the sun's not yellow, it's chicken"
"is working on a new series entitled \a brush with luck\"" and still putting out applications for a new job """
"i'm sick from eating eggs, again   "
peanut butter and kix sandwhich
i think it would be gross to drink coffee with hot sauce in it 
skinny yellow twiggy bugs
don't ever spit on a hot lightbulb!
i got a new red hat
butter bridge 1
"two snowmen are standing in a meadow, one snowman turns to the other and says \do you smell carrots?\"""""
"\i feel sorry for people who dont drink or do drugs  someday theyll be laying in a hospital bed dying and they wont know why \""- redd foxx"""
"two old ladies are sitting in a restaurant  one complains \the food here is terrible \"" the other shakes her head and adds \""and such small portions \""- woody <propfirst>"""
"\we had a depression fair in the backyard  a <propmale> game there was pin the blame on the donkey \""- <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
whats the first things a woman does when she gets back from a battered womans clinic? the goddamn dishes if she knows whats good for her 
whats the difference between a battery and a woman? a battery has a positive side 
why dont women need drivers licenses? because theres no road from the bedroom to the kitchen 
why couldnt <propfemale> keller drive? because she was a woman 
wanna hear a funny joke? womens rights 
"how many men does it take to open a beer? none, because it should be open when she brings it to you "
"what do you tell a woman with two black eyes? nothing, shes already been told twice "
why do women get married in white? so they match the kitchen appliances 
how can you tell a man is planning for the future? he buys two cases of beer 
"i asked god for a bike, but i know god doesnt work that way, so i stole a bike and asked god for forgiveness"
going to church doesnt make you a christian any more than standing in the garage makes you a car
"children: you spend the first two years of their life teaching them to walk and talk, you spend the next 16 telling them to sit down and shut up"
"why do <propfemale>ns choose from just two people for president, but 50 for miss <propfemale>?"
"never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat"
"i once got into a fight with a guy who said \im gonna mop the floor with your face \"" and i said \""youll be sorry \"" and he said \""oh yeah? why?\"" and i said \""because you wont be able to get into the corners very well \"""""
"with sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine"
"dogs have masters, cats have staff"
"ok everyone, i'm leaving ny now and coming home to mass "
"the drive was nice and the scenery beautiful, i miss new york already so i'm going back on sunday  looking forward to pfm tomorrow night and then the drive back to where i ought to be!"
"the wal-mart in salisbury is totally different now  my brother and i went there at midnight and there were lots of new security officer-types with walkie talkies  and there was a free h1n1 clinic or something like that in the pharmacy area  also, the electronics department is huge! very many very large tvs "
when i got to my aunt's house last night i was swarmed by 3 women who all wanted to tell me what to do and stuff food down my throat  that i wasn't suffocated to death is remarkable!
"cows, hills, and free wi-fi at this service station on i-90 between albany and syracuse "
you know what really wrecks my mattress? snow  and the covers i bought were shredded in the wind! they're only water-resistant!
tennis
"when nasa first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity  to combat the problem, nasa scientists spent a decade and $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300 degrees celsius  the russians used a pencil "
"a fine is a tax for doing wrong, a tax is a fine for doing well "
moving into my new apartment tonight!
"so i don't have the internet at my new apartment yet, you'll know when i do!"
"and the lord shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones, and thou shalt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water whose waters fail not  (<propmale> 58:11)"
"ugh, my poor trashed brushes!"
happy new year!
aaaaahahahahahahahaaahaaaaahahahahaha!!!!
"i'm finally buying myself a baritone ukulele and a little metal xylophone, of which i've been dreaming for weeks and saving my pennies  oh, happy day!"
glockenspiel
"let's play spice girls, i'll be sporty"
"today the air was warm and sweet  i have a copy of <propfemale> in wonderland from 1946, and i finished reading it again with the window open  i also went over to the lumber yard  i bought a sheet of quarter-inch luan and got it cut into 14 pieces "
"this week i painted exclusively with my left hand, even any words i wrote  does this mean i'm ambidextrous? i just uploaded the results, check it out maybe "
"37 days until i'm back on the east coast, i wanna bang some drums like a barbarian whore, i gotta do a show cuz i've already reached critical mass, 100 ghosts are being born as i type (in my dreams), i'm california dreamin but first before anything i gotta visit nyc    plans-makin i is-"
"woo woo! i just got two jobs today, starting the first one tomorrow! i win! now i shall go shopping for new work clothes, because i gotta look good!"
i like vegan food and indian food and i want to try some thai
"i spent the whole day in boston, enjoying the city and the beautiful weather "
happy easter!
looking for a place to live
"i looked at the cutest apartment today and it looks like i'm gonna get it! if i do, i'll move in this weekend  smile "
"oooo! i hold in my hands the lease to my new apartment, i move in tomorrow and that's makin me smile  smile "
free wireless if i go out on my porch   
sittin out on the porch
"job, ap<propmale>ment, <propmale>, love    but the greatest of these is love "
"rome wasn't build in a day, you know  and a mountain goat is just a lonely sheep looking for something higher  and life is like a painting, sometimes you gotta step back and look at what you've done before you keep working "
i'm gonna need more couches    but i got lamps!
vital information for your everyday life: i can get free wireless if i put my laptop on my windowsill  win (but the connection's a little lousy unreliable)
three words: cheap drum <propfemale>
"prettyyy, prettyyy, prettyyy, prettyyyyyyy goood"
rootbeer and pistols
"oh! today when i was out on my walk i found a paper-cutter in a recycling bin and there was nothing even wrong with it, score!"
"yeah i'm 23 now, what of it?  smile "
for this is the assassins' hour
"knives and fire, drums and dresses, plywood and gelato    oh yes, and the city "
"whatever work your hands find to do, do it with all your might  for in the realm of the dead, where you're going, there is no working or planning or knowledge or wisdom "
posing for a picture-
prima balalaika!
i want someone to play baritone ukelele while i play balalaika!
climbed up on the roof
but i'd rather be workin for a pay check than waitin to win the lottery
went for a nice bike ride today  smile 
my brother found a free bass on the side of the road and gave it to me  it needs a little attention but it works  smile 
raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens   
"someday, i know, my <propmale> will come"
"save yourself, don't give it up    don't you know that it's different for girls? you're all the same "
the heart is the mediator between the mind and the hands
"accidently sliced the tip of her left middle finger at work with a knife  now it hurts her real bad to play her uke, but she's playing it any way "
"i want a bbqc, fries, and a rootbeer from zonies in cortland, but i don't think they're gonna deliver to <propfemale>  anybody feel like going on a little road trip to central ny some time before the summer's over? i miss that place like i miss everything else i ever had "
just like a dream
"my neighbor moved out yesterday, that makes me the only person living on this floor "
"if i told you, then you'd have to kill me"
the unavoidably public and intensely private taking of a former stranger as a loved one you keep so close that you become part of one another
"when the <propfemale> stings    oh, me   "
"and even if this hall collapses, i can stand on my pillar of hope, it's just a case of flash delirium"
everything is possible
and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true  smile 
"ok, time to put on some tunes and clean up this mess! by the way, i'd like to thank whoever left the half-eaten bag of sweet & salty peanuts on my floor  i ate the rest of them for breakfast with my fruit salad  smile "
loves it
"find a pencil, pick it up"
"there will always be love, because love always is"
i was thinking about what life and the world are  i was thinking about who and what i am 
"not crushed; perplexed, but not in despair"
"someday i know some one will look into my eyes, and say hello, you are my very special one   "
"if you live each day as if it was your last, someday you will most certainly be right"
(-(-(-(escape)-)-)-)
"accepted a job working at a stand during yankee homecoming at the end of july  really looking forward to that extra $200  thinking about getting a massage, facial, mani pedi, whitening, and things for the apartment (a mop)  wants it bad, real bad  wants it more than a savings account  i'm going to get what i want, and i'm going to look good  real good "
"went for a bike ride, sat next to the river"
sometimes it's photo shoot time
"oh, don't carve me out  don't let your silly dreams fall in between the crack of the bed and the wall "
"don't help me, i've fallen and i never want to get up"
"some things will never, ever change"
"the chances of being born are so slim, so keep warm"
this time baby i'll be bulletproof
"you're so vain, i bet you think this status update is about you"
"what you've got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the time, i'm all strung out my heart is fried, i just can't get you off my mind"
it means more to me now than it did to me then
"if i love you more, will you love me less?"
climbing the rock to the castle on the <propfemale>
"get him a body bag, <propfirst>!"
sepia tones and a seahorse tattoo
so i drink in the shadows of an evening sky
likes hot fries and root beer
"there was a time when i worked for greek people who would make homemade moussaka and pastitsio and it was so good    i do not miss having things thrown at me, but i sure do miss that food "
the world needs someone like you and i like to look at your face
can't find my melodica- does somebody have it??
"so\i'm having a little get together at my place on the 21st and i want\some more artists to show their work  photographers <propmale> oxten and sam\stambaugh both reserved wall space  metaphysical is playing\and <propfirst> price is going to show us the right way to ruin an amplifier  if you're an artist or a musician, and you're interested in doing this, let me know "
happy octapuss
"badder than old <propmale> kong, meaner than a junk yard dog"
do you like hockey? do you like <propmale> <propmale>?
"are you coming to the p<propmale>y tonight?  if you are, you can bring some <propmale> form and it can be here, too  you can <propfemale> a picture on the fridge, you can leave your bike in the hall, anything you'd like to do you can do it    love  see you soon  love "
 love   love   love 
cat power-dear sir-itchyhead
 love 
"i'm really happy with the way the party happened on saturday night  i want to say thank you to everyone who came by, it was good to see you and fun to dance with  in front of you  thanks also to the bands and artists who said yes to me and participated in making the atmosphere what it was  it wouldn't have been as good if you hadn't been there  much appreciation, gratitude, and love  love "
 love 
 love 
 love 
"so, me and kehoe were just sitting here sad about having to loose this sweet apartment scene, and we got to thinking- what if we all pitched in and came up with the rent and shared this place and used it at different times for different things?"
ehhhhh heh heh hehhhhhh!
well all i can tell you is if you want to be a salad when you grow up than you'd better make sure your license is valid 
"who tried to call me? was it you? i didn't have any minutes on my phone! i do now, though  call back if it was important  otherwise just email!  love "
apple picking with <propfemale> <propfirst> evans  love 
"i just sent an email and i'm a little excited  i hope i get what i want this time, it could be an authentic good thing "
 love 
"i sold a painting last night! yay! now i can put off robbing that house for another few days! hahahahaha! just kidding, that's a crime  laugh "
 love 
i  love  the new highway hymnal
very sad: i can't find my red hat  have you seen it?  sad 
 love 
 love 
"i sold my laptop  that means i won't be answering emails or checking facebook regularly any more  don't be discouraged if i don't get back to you right away, i'm not ignoring you  if you need to you can call or text me, but please be considerate  i have a limited number of minutes on my phone and want to use it only when necessary- no aimless chatting, no long conversations   love   love   love "
 love 
"gosh it's cold outside! i've already posted on craigs list, i might as well post here: has anyone got an extra room or an attic that i can occupy for the winter? or can i sleep or your couch sometimes? lemme know!"
"i'll be down on the boardwalk, come throw a <propfemale> in my cup"
 love 
 love 
hey! at 5 smile 0 tonight we're taking over middle street books on middle street in newburyport  art-music-poetry  if you're in town be sure to stop by  i'm pretty sure we'll be going until about 9 
 love 
"we'll be drinkin <propfirst> <propmale> whiskey, rum, and raspberry vodka  cuz when we raise hell, you know we brings it up proper- (party at <propfirst>'s, fruit street nbpt, friday)"
"i'm taking the 2 o'clock bus to newburyport, goin a <propfemale> out down town for a while  tonight we're piling as many people as we can into <propfirst>'s little studio apartment*  the ceilings are high and we probably will be, too  theatre, poetry, <propmale>, music, and cuddling  \make a scene\"" (*fun!)"""
"i haven't seen my phone in over two weeks, i don't know where it is "
pie in the face!
ever get that feeling like you walked outside to get the bus only to watch it drive away faster than you could run to catch it? yeah me too
i want the kind of space-time machine dr  who has so i can travel around
the electric scarecrows were awesome last night  i love the new song  love 
i burned down the paper patch    kiddo says it's my best work yet
i give the best haircuts
"hey friends! i'm moving from haverhill back to nbpt and i've got to do it by the end of this week, asap  i need some help moving my twin-sized bed and boxspring to my new place  is there anyone with a car who can help?  love   love   love "
"i can't answer my phone right now, i don't have minutes or money to buy more! just send me a message if you need to communicate, i have regular internet access  love "
 love 
on the fringe of the jungle
slowly unravels
technology and the potential for creation
a million pretty little things
<propfemale>'s!
