34d4d4b90bea4ca0fb3d5ad2515c6b0a
tired    but happy! i'm liking 2010 already    laugh 
homework??? ugh i forgot about that    can i just take the f? no? darn it!
ha!!! got pretty much all of homework done  laugh ! now i just have to memorize a monolouge and define a bunch of words about poetry    yay   
can't wait for camp!!!!!!!! ahahahaahahaha
i'll e at camp all week    see you when i get back!!! hahahahahaha
i'll be at camp all week    see you when i get back!!! hahahahahaha
camp is amazing    i love it there!!!!!
sorry every one   i haven't ignored you i just forgot to log out last night    and this morning 
hates stupid technology   but i still love it   
checked her e-mail after three months    yeah
i don't like needles    
i hope i can remember those moves    hehe
i didn't screw up!!!! an di was barely off beat once!    yes!!!
ibi snap it's probably from unwanted  needed stress    so don't mind me
if i happen to hit someone randomly    i'm sorry
i gfeel much better now    i had a warm bath
i feel wonderful today!    mostly
started my latin course today!!! woohoo!
i finished my bathroom    and it rocks!! i likey it!
*jumps up and down screaming* i got my dress!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!! i'm so happy!!
sorry to all who tried to talk to me today   i forgot to close the window when i left this morning    heh heh  i had a fabulous day
i'm tired and i think tomorrow    i will take a nap    lol
i'm tired   yardsales are no fun   in the rain anyways
i got it to work!!!!!!! yay!!
i'm in for a long first semester of school    i can see it now    joy
hey all!! once school starts i probably won't be on the computer very much  sad news i know but i've got a lot going on this year  yay    anyways i'll get on every so often to check things  try not to send me a lot of requests please  thanks!
so i'm just going to remind all of my happy friends that if you want to send me your favorite picture of you    i'll be needing them soon   lol butt you can take your time that just means it's longer until you see whati need them for   > smile 
i'm tired   i don't  want to go to school    i guess i'll live though
wow    i've decided i don't like learning anymore   
"boys  are  dumb  and that is my officail opinion, i'm sorry to say "
he will be missed!! this weekend i will be staying home t watch all the movies i have with <propfirst> swayze in them
playing random games    laugh 
i think i am sick     and i don't like it   sad 
feeling better    laugh 
i've been thinking     yeah i know that in itself is weird   
my birthday is in 11 days!!! wooo hoo!!!! and happy birthday to allthose who have one coming!!    hehe
waiting for game night     bored but happy as usual   laugh 
"i've got to admit, i surprised myself with just how awesome that turned out "
thank you every one!!! i love you too!!
that was soooooooo much fun! thanks guys    we should do it  again some time
"carpe diem, amo <propfemale>, <propfemale>m ago pax which means seize the day, love life, live a life of peace!  laugh "
this nastalgia stuff is fun    though   it makes me go back to thsome times i don't like but oh well   
"in english, the word order shows the connection between the words in a sentence; in latin, that connection is shown by using endings  (latin for americans)grab the book nearest you  right now  • turn to <propfemale> 21  • find the 5th sentence  • post that sentence as your status  and post these instructions in a comment to this status  • don't dig for your favorite, the coolest, the most intellectual  use the closest book "
it's my mommy's birthday! i get to go to dinner tonight!woo hoo!!!
i'm so ready for a vacation   a long one    at the beach   lol  laugh 
i love family get togethers    it's when i realize   i have the most normal branch on my family tree  laugh 
ha!! i got most of my homework done    and i made heystack treats!! i love those things!!
attention! this is a public service announcement: we have some bad news foryou about <propfemale> <propfirst> slyke  well bad for you not so much for her    she is now a legal <propfemale> driver!!! can we say woot!!!
8 1 2 days!!! can't wait!!!
i'm curling my hair for tomorrow!!! woo!
"i know you, i danced with you once upon a dream   "
great job tonight my elko singers!! i loved it!
finnally my internet decideds it likes me after all!
maryy jesus's birthday! did you know christmas litterally means christ's birth? cool huh  and i'm grateful for my gifts and the big gift god gave me  laugh 
i'm assuming by now everyone has heard  i hope to not see the inside of the gym for quite some time   
youth group was fun today    yay for no school monday!!!!!!!
i had fun at <propfemale>'s     we should do that more often  laugh 
woke up at seven    yay for day off of school    blah for waking up early anyway 
that was funnier than a kangaroo on a washing machine  laugh  ~megan blessing~
"i still can't find a \famous\"" person that looks like me   i must be too dang sexy  laugh """
so they changed the layout while i was gone    i'm sooooo confused!!!
soooo    i lov you!!!! just thought you should know that    laugh 
i'm kinda tired    perhaps i should sleep   
i did my homework!!!!!!!!!! woohoo!!
well    whose up for spring break??!!?!
so    i really do love you    lol  laugh  but jesus loves you more  laugh 
*cries* going to school late is over   
yay!!!!    i don't know what i'm cheering for anymore but    yay!!!!
i haven't been on in a long time     hmmm
in agreeance with everyone else involved   i misses the musical!!!! but now i can look forward to next years! woohoo!!! plus i caught up on sleep now so life is good again  *happy dance*
life is good  can't wait for prom    kind miss oklahoma but i'll live  i decided it would be fun to have a date to prom but i can have fun with out one    haha  hmm    yay for no more ap gov!!!
life is good     but i need ot work on that latin     hehe
latin     how i dislike you    yet i can't resist you     so blah to you blah blah i say!
so driving home from reno today i say a semi with volvo on the front fender and i wondered   how much did that sucker cost!!?
haven't been on in a while    sorry    my computer is picky about facebook    blah
haha yay for hardly visiting facebook!
so    english 101     not o fun 
"my life is an almost never ending ride in the fast <propfirst>  when i do get a break, it's sleep haha  yay for being busy!"
so    just met this kid at the park    he thought we were his ride    we weren't  then he asked if we knew where he could get weed    we said no    and then we left  quickly
yay for latin  laugh  i just found out that 'man' in latin is 'homo'    hehehehehe
because you are his cheese burger!!! his yummy cheese burger    he'll wait for you  oh he will wait for you!!
the hottest love has the coldest end  socrates
has anyone else noticed that heart ( love ) and hate (when read properly) sound a lot a like     i  love  you    i hate you   
death cannot stop true love  it can only delay it for a while     i shall never doubt again  ~princess bride~
dodgeball?!? oh i got his    i can dodge  i can catch    now the only problem i have  is throwing     annoyed \
yay for reno trip!!!
"just found the best like ever    it says annoyed age 3 boy kisses girl parents say \awwww\""\",34d4d4b90bea4ca0fb3d5ad2515c6b0a,attention my color-guard girls: when you learn thriller tonight and tomorrow only go to video twenty  we'll repeat what we need to  laugh  have fun   
lajfoiahoijfafandfaufautu english 101 falkjd fioabaivbureaibutiovur!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that was awesome!!!! i don't think i mind being a zombie every so often    and no snide comments thank you  lol if anyone got good pictures of that you should let me know so i can use them later  laugh 
"guess what guy    oh <propfemale>, i'll be the earth, and the <propmale> cried <propfirst>! some thing about <propmale> love in a waltz, sorida!! ky-ri-e!!!!! bah hahahahah now you're going to be humming on of those tunes the rest of the night  laugh "
random fact: rameses ii had over 100 hundred children     random thought    someone needs a new hobby 
wooo!!! now    lets not sing for a day or two eh?
"going to reno tomorrow for a play! and it\s my b-day!!! woo!!!"""
thanks every one for the wishes of a great day    so far it's proving to be one  the only thing i forgot this morning as i ran out the door was my <propfemale>   annoyed  oh well 
thanks to everyone for the lovely wishes  laugh  they made me feel all special inside  laugh  i had a great time at the play    that is 2 land <propfirst> birthdays that i have been in one of my favorite places  laugh  the theater baby!!! hahaha  everyone have a wonderful day and god bless
sometimes i hate my life    then i remember what i have and it's not so bad 
so     i love the a-team  and not the silly excuse for a movie but the old show with mr  t  laugh 
so christmas is soon    fun stuff    my sinuses will make singing on christmas <propfemale> interesting    grr to you snottiness grr
"cuz when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of  you might bend til you break cuz that's all you can take  on your knees you look up, decide you've had enough  you get mad  you get strong  wipe your hands  shake it off  then you stand "
so     i get to <propfemale> out with people until at least 12 surprise 1 am tomorrow  yay?
oooo stuffed crust   
hi!!!! i was thinking of having a movie night at my house tonight     we can watch the sound of music  laugh  say around 6 smile 0 7?i can make home popped popcorn     it's yummy    just text me or call if you want to come    or comment on this  laugh 
how do you solve a problem like <propfemale>?? i'm going to have to do some thinking    hmmmmm
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along, and 4 words might be hard but you can do it!"
"\itsa <propfemale> daddee!!!\"" ah draco    you poor deprived soul   laugh """
i got accepted to corbin university!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot!
possibly accepted to <propfirst>'s college of colombia mo  not a primary choice but still makes me feel good  laugh 
so i should be doing latin     ha! not happening    til tomorrow  i swear!
ah latin     you torment me   i know i should work on you but    i'm too lazy   
"you know what bothers me? when people of the male persuasion say that girls cause soooo much drama    because we really don't we had the drama already and we just inflate it  but boys? they cause it, then bring it back, then add something else  and it gets to the point to where i'm almost positive i'm going to get a tumor or something  so when you say girls cause drama i say bs!"
"i may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman, nor do i have the perfect body  i may not be everybody's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i may not be proud of some things in my past, but i am proud of who i am today  so take me as i am, or watch me as i walk away  post if you're proud of being you  real women rock!!!"
yay! for facebook at school!  laugh  english has restarted yay for extra time to get on the computer and waste time better spent looking up a topic   
pretty sure i did awesome on my all-state auditions!!! could be better but hey     could have been sooooo much worse 
ugh my head kinda hurts and i've done almost everything i can think of to make it stop    blah   
what's on my mind??? well lets see what's going through my head    hmm    i got nothing   
"warning! facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor  to block this, go to kitchen & find a box of aluminum foil  wrap foil around your head, stay calm & breathe through only your left nostril  this is a serious problem and has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama    & her pet chihuahua  copy paste as your status & save your friends! hurry!!!!!"
"oh i have such a long day ahead of me    school, voice lesson, then som practice  then homework  yay??"
looking at old pictures makes me smile  laugh 
way to go honor band kids!!!! it was great    prepare to be blackmailed with rather candid shots > smile 
so      uhmm    yeah  good night!!!
oh super bowl commercials are wonderful!!!! ah hahahahaha
this cheese head is suddenly very happy  laugh 
not sure my idea is going to work for eng  102    oh well 
omg!!!! i forgot about the movie pebble and the penguin until i watched it with taj    i love that movie    how could i ever forget it??
every time i decide to go peruse his picture i see his smile and fall into those eyes and remember the music that flowed from those finger    and i realize that as ridiculous as it is     i love him     which is also super weird and probably a lot stalkerish    but i don't care because he-is-beautiful!
"ski trip tomorrow!! and all weekend! yay! shopping trip and hockey to  laugh  \\p s  i think i done chipped <propfemale> favorite tooth!!!!"
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right   smile "
oh play  thou weret fun but now i am exhausted!! i didn't want to go to school either  darn you english 102    you ruin everything!!! haha
"dear scholarship people\i hate essays that have to be written for scholarships  i really don't care about half of the topics you throw at me  i'd rather be honest about it than bs my way through it  if you want to give me an essay, please give me an interesting topic  not something that is going to make me angry or put me to sleep  \signed \the girl who is loosing <propfemale> with pointless essays "
got a ii on my solo yesterday!!!! super stoked laugh 
oh library how i love thee! haha  such fun and quiet  laugh  and silly people
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think"
got internet on my phone now!!!! yayness!
at a hockey game     lots of people are falling down    more often than is usual i think    oh well  smile 
yay for writting a play in drama  annoyed     haha at least we are getting some where
oh proficiencies how i love thee!!! as long as i don't have to take them that is    yay for 2 half days of school    hehehe
i was just checking my e-mail    i got some weird ones from a person that i'm not sure what to think of them   
having fun at musical practice    as usual!!! ahhahahahhaha 
i'm super confused now    my heart has no idea what the heck is going on here    definitely confused  and then they wonder why i don't want a relationship?? ugh   i don't know if i can do this anymore 
bahahaha figured it out!!!
great concert!! got a cd    gonna listen to it now    yeah     laugh 
"heard a story at church yesterday;\the sunday school teacher was talking about jesus and his disciples  jesus asked them a question and <propmale> <propfirst> answered  the teacher asked the kids (who were from about k-4 i think) who answered jesus  none of the children replied  the teacher told them it was <propmale> <propfirst>  one of the little girls who'd had her head on the table popped up and said <propfirst> bieber!!!"
it's so cold    taj and shai and i are huddled under at least 3 blankets    we made a little cave  but of course aunti <propfemale> is too big for it    dang it!!!
just ran into the door to my parent's bedroom   ouch! didn't know that was closed  wanted to show mom pictures    in the dark it just looks like more dark    nope  it's wood    and it hurts    quite a bit  just so you're all aware 
so     i got nothing    my mind    is sleepy today     laugh 
just picked up my prom dress from the post office    came home to an empty house and put it on   ran around laughing like crazy    i love it   i'm in love with it    so glad i got it! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
popped my neck this morning and pinched a nerve    now it hurts like heck to turn my head to the right    ouch! dislike
