3b8d4a737035c39ba4f2ba0fc759f189
is not dead  has arrived     but was late and hasn't actually moved in yet   
has a what seems to be a movie being being filmed in his room 
wants some tacos 
oops 
baking cookies at midnight: best decision ever 
"what happened in japan is awful and we should send what help they need, but why has everyone forgotten the on-going civil war in libya? we actually have the ability to stop that crisis  so why aren't we there? what happened to supporting and spreading democracy, <propfemale>? way to totally blow the one <propmale> to use our military in a legitimate and justified manner "
"<propfemale> approves no-fly zone over libya and 'all necessary measures' to protect civilians  time to put your money where your mouth is, world "
it's 6 smile 0 in the morning  just spent the last 8 hours de-stickering and re-stickering all of blockbuster  and i have to go back at 5  yeah 
new phone is new 
"just two minutes of heavy rain  where am i during that? on my bike going to school  rain stops as soon as i get indoors  fuck you, hurricane, fuck you "
fuck yeah  today's off to a good start 
having no internet at home has turned me into quite an industrious student  i have mixed feeling about this 
<propfirst> can into internet! huzzah!
google+ is now freely available to the public  get on that shit 
ever seen a moped get towed? i have  it was amazing 
it's friday  why am i having such an awful day? fuuuuuuuuu-
inb4 shitstorm
so    not sure if that was a slutty lumberjack or just a hipster 
passenger-side door handles stolen  just the handles  just the passenger side  are you fucking serious? can i please just get one week where something doesn't fuck up? just one 
i keep telling myself i did the right thing  but i've always been a terrible liar 
goldman  i wish i had a better camera  the <propfemale> looks the the eye of the universe staring down into my soul 
holy shit  this fog is awesome  it's like the langoliers have come  or the mist i guess  but that's lame  both are <propfirst> <propmale> though    interesting   
