b06c08ab0eb8d05b1b09cd1590e0c232
"is doing trig work  if anyone can help, please do; i'm not sure what i'm doing is right, but i'm trying   playful "
is loving her summer thus far  yay lack of bedtime! now if only the scary monsters that go bump in the night would stop following me when i turn out the lights   
gets to go to <propmale>'s dominion to  day    (it's that late early?)  yay!!
has tan lines from hell  crap 
"has a busy summer ahead of her from today hence and may not return to facebook until mid-august  my grandma is too suspicious of hackers, so my uncle  cousins may be my only hopes  ;_;"
"has a long, busy, (fun) summer ahead of her    and pictures for when she can upload!"
must warn people: the apocalypse is upon us; grandma <propfemale> has gotten a facebook profile! ahhhhh!
loves cats  they match my purr-sonality   smile 
"has now faced two very different lessons in vaulting -- new gear, new horse, new gait, new direction    new state, new coast, new coach, new peers    very    new "
loves having a lazy day of reading and facebooking     sigh  contentment 
misses her bms friends and realizes how much everyone has grown up    and is still growing    ;_;
eats books alive 
finished her 5th book last night  i started counting two weeks ago  two of the books were as thick as the later <propmale> potter books   
"roflmao do doo do do do  do do do do  do doo do do do    do do do, do do do do do du du dudu du  roflmao   "
"needs to find a better (non-creepy, apparently) profile picture "
is drinking tea 
has been using make-up  and i got a hair straightener  and i swallowed another book 
got her hair straightened and went to two lavender festivals! w00tz!
did the wii fit's plank challenge and held the pose for just shy of 3 minutes  9  effing  seconds  it hurt 
has a hard mask of mud on her face  i may or may not upload a picture   
has the coolest grandma of all time!
is amazed at what salads can do and taste like   laugh 
eats books like <propfemale> 
will see hp6 tomorrow!
bruises like an overripe banana   
can't get this song out of her head!!!
got back from ashland  yreka today! six hour drive     cramp  ow!
has finished ten books this summer    so far 
got her hair cut and eyebrows waxed    ouch!
is having many doctor who geek moments      squee  cap'n <propfirst> is gorgeous! and truly brilliant!
has started oct 
"died a little too flamboyantly in oct    and hurt her ankle, though she bruises like an overripe banana   "
is gonna be titania  huzzah!
"is not only the slutty <propfemale> <propfemale> (titania), but also gets to be wall! yay!"
is eating pocky 
"is loving her oct shakespeare class with so much fervor, she can't wait until next summer!"
loves her oct buddies!  lovelove 
is no longer in oct due to the ending of the final performance(s)  which comes with more cons than pros 
potstickersnom!
has seen too many movies in the past two days   
the sound of music  crosseyes  how do you solve a problem like <propfirst>     how do you catch a cloud and pin it down?
pocky!!!
will be back home in a couple of days!
is such a thisbe 
likes blueberries  and potstickers 
has reached day 50 on the wii fit! in another state!
is back on this side of the country!
must     sleep   
must clean her bathroom after sterile grandma's house!
has been very depleted of energy from the carwash    ugh   
has now accomplished the cleansing of her bathroom! finally   
has now (edured?) her first day of show choir camp  (yay!!)
is addicted to the sims3 and will end show choir camp today  ;_;
must get used to tearing her eyes from her pixellated <propfemale> (c) dolls    x3! (sims3 for the sane people)
is so addicted to all things she does in sims3   
has no sims!!! cold turkey!
got the sims3 from her dragon-con-departing mother  yay!
"believes that no one should die because they can't afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  (if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day )"
"would like to let everyone know that the purpose of the health care status updates is not to change your mind, or imply that you do not actually have the human compassion to want people to get healthcare  there are people who want to kill any <propmale>       of reform, drown out intelligent debate, and present their opinion as that of the majority  the purpose of the status updates are to not be drowned out"
has 13 more days in eq2     sigh  and only one more day left of summer    noooo!!!
wants all this school crap to be just a bad dream   
"knows that instead of a bad dream, this year will either be a nightmare, or i'll die  either one  chemistry just appears impassible, and trig seems impossible "
"is, surprisingly, glad that school is getting on its way  now i have stuff to do and crap to which i can look forward "
is so sleeeeepy   
is stuffed full of razzleberry pie    nom!
i have my own printer now!
i have little (hah!) enough homework today to get on the computer before 6! 30!
will now play her dorky but very fun baldur's gate! yippee!
got two fortunes from fortune cookies that are identical    seriously  o o
"hates trigonometry with a purple-headed, overriding passion  i loath it "
no longer despises trig with the aforementioned passion  but i still dread it every day 
"was on camera for her japanese 2 converstion test  and also just saw a documentary on the underestimated ignorance  control-fetishisms of legislation regarding nearly harmless medicine; in other words, i sae a documentary on canabis  ya don't know what it is, research it "
is waiting   
has finished her english homework! and is now in her snuggie like a bug in a rug 
is going to go through unwillful training in how to cook    yay for current chemistry class 
is ch-ch-chilly from the cold outside 
ate ethiopian with her poor boyfriend and dad    try it sometime 
must now go and prepare for tonight by showering  ew  hygiene 
is gonna go out to pre-dance dinner with her boyfriend soon 
has calculated her acceptable % average 
is sick with either bacon lung or a respiratory infection  yay  hello oj and garlic!
loves watching movies with good company 
will have a relatively empty halloween   sigh  oh well 
"i wearing toe-socks, sweats, and is devouring     a giant brownie! om nom nom nom nom!!!"
m-m-m     made district chorus    there must be a mistake    no?! yahooooooo!  dances in a circle 
has been horribly sore for most of the week 
let it snow let it snow let it snow     us all inside and away from school!
"has a tight neck, back, and core  never nack-plant in gymnastics  it hurts  also, i am done with homework! now to sing at the pesky b-ball game     sigh "
hopes that she doesn't wake up as sore as she is going to bed 
"has a fine neck again, but her back and abs still ache "
has a muddy face!
"had her back popped, and now i suppose that it got realligned from that icky neck-plant  i should be back to crappy walkovers in a week!"
had a crap-ton of trouble with her keyboard -- it wouldn't work -- and will now go through everything at mom's!
"loves five below  it's like the dollar store    only it's $5, so you can get cooler stuff! like a power strip! and pocket toilet paper! and icky sweaters! and notebooks! it's like heaven    or costco    or bed bath and beyond   "
i cannot wait until a) i get my brain back through school and (b) glee starts back up! omg blaine+kurt=blurt   love 
"i just went through the extras in the first season of glee that i got in br, and now i'm having delusions of grandeur, since i think i may be a triple threat like they wanted in the beginning  unfortunately, they probably get the most amazing people now  <propmale> lost!  annoyed "
wants to know which play will be performed in oct's shaking hands with shakespeare class in the summer   
"family values: it doesn't have to make sense, anyone can use it to make things they don't like get repressed"
is an absolute moron  she deleted possibly one of the best scenes in a midsummer night's dream from oct of '09  on accident  thinking that she had saved it to the proper files  i hate myself so much right now for that 
will nom you hair!
tra la la la la 
"barely gets free time in the week  it's either practice, a meet, family time, practice, or homework homework homework  or just plain school in the way  geez "
will nom your soul!
"likes to do chores at her mom's, but hates it at her dad's  wtf?!"
will now studystudystudy for midterms  ;_;
english and study hall today  the second was so difficult   laugh 
"had trig and chemistry today  the first was so difficult  seriously, this time "
had japanese and show choir today  the two exams on which i got an a  japanese exams are taken before the rush of other exams by my district 
got a 90 on her english exam! w00t!
"for normal, hormonal guys who are wondering about their 'luck' on <propfirst>'s day: http annoyed  regretfulmorning com 2010 01 will-i-get-laid-on-valentines-day "
which celebrity would i most resemble?
may soon have a new profile picture!
"for normal, hormonal guys who are wondering about their 'luck' on <propfirst>'s day: http annoyed  regretfulmorning com 2010 01 will-i-get-laid-on-valentines-day "
is very p'oed 
is a baby bumble <propfemale>  won't my mommy be so proud of me  ow! someone squashed me   
is exhausted 
wants the weekend to get here already   
weekend! yar!
has gone back to youtubing!
now has clear bra straps! yay!  eyeroll   annoyed 
"took a lawng shower to get most of the product out of her hair    we won! omg i was on the verge of sobbing with raw joy  i think i actually did sob, but since i could get no drinks from the broken locked vending machines and the lines for concessions had eighty people, i had no water in my system, so they were dry sobs  omg omg omg we wooooonnnn!"
had a very productive day! yahoo!
"'s dad is making her stare at a half-rhino, half-cow, half-human with a thong-bikini on  i cannot unsee it   "
just had some of the best sushi and some of the best beef in the world  and may never do so again 
is waiting 
"just went to see \she's out of my league \"" it's pretty good  and the main female lead (<propfemale>) reminds me of someone very prominent in my life """
can haz gsc!
just changed her desktop bg from <propfemale> <propfemale> to <propfemale> fox 
went to a barrell fest in md yesterday and just got her best night's rest in several days     by which i mean more than 4 hours 
is in tralalalala land 
is eating strawberry shortcake  nom!
can't get enough of cell block tango    and thinks that show choir should totally try to redo it someyear     hopefully while i still attend dsf  and i should totally solo  totally   laugh 
wore a yukata (kimono) to school today  with chopsticks in my hair  and make-up on my face 
saw <propfemale> in wonderland and it was frakking amazing! go <propmale> <propmale>! and <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> depp! and <propfirst> <propfirst>!
is full of pillowy marshmallow and creamy milk chocolate  nomiest nom i nommed today 
http annoyed  i imgur com egyqj jpg
woke up to a stuffy nose  oh yeah  easter  the christian holiday that celebrates zombies  and chocolate bunnies 
has achy sore muscles from mounting a horse with her bad side 
went to <propmale>'s dominion today!
"'s bed got broken  someone sat on it and snap a leg broke  now it is being held up by books and random wooden boards from unmade shelves  i would have preferred a brick or cinderblock, but you can't have everything  most certainly a faultless bed   playful "
needs to get some sleep on her broken bed   
is feeling very nice and clean and rested and ahhhhhhhhhhh 
realized several parallels between <propfemale> wars and indiana jones  other than the very presence of <propmale> ford  oh the sexiness he once possessed 
is crazy 
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: bangable   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: sexy   12: hot   13: funny   14:amazing   15: beautiful   16: cute   17: shy  18: smooth talker
"loves the warm, dry weather "
"happy 4 20, biatches!!!"
doesn't know whether to see kickass or how to train your dragon on saturday (with dad     shudder )  any suggestions?
"has a fortune cookie that says, \be satisfied with what you already own \"""""
vaulted and made a formspring today  check my info on my profile for the url 
just foung out that her dad stalks all of her friends' profiles  i'm the spawn of a creeper 
is now in love with drive-in theaters!
shall soon see iron man 2 in a drive-in theater!  cheers abound 
"saw iron man 2 twice  all who love watching <propfemale> johansson, say \aye \"""""
"\you brought me out of my head   for a while    you brought me out of my head   for just a little while    and now i'm lying in bed   missing your smile    you brought me out of my head   for awhile       i lived my life in daydreams   forgetting what was real   and when you live your life in daydreams   you never have to feel\"""""
must now go to teh shawaa of dewm!
next person to wish me salutations for this day will get smacked  grrrrrrrrrawr!
 flail tantrum  stop it with the happiness! nuuuuu!
" sigh  screw it  all those who want to wish me a happy birthday, like this post "
is drooling over her new toy! literally  dad told me to stop 
is zenzen ureshikunai 
hates mosquitos  and wants the end of school to hurry on over!
is glad to finally enjoy memorial day weekend!
stromboli!
     went     shopping    wtf?!
"just saw a squirrel cross the road  trotting, not scurrying  it was like a <propfemale> cat!"
"wanted to at least see <propfirst> argenzio's skit talent  if it wasn't stripping, then what could it have been?!"
is watching the clock for when school finally lets out     6 days of school and 2 exam days   
4 days before school lets out and 2 exam days   
will finish her sophomore year in one day and two exam days!
"missed the bus, but has only one more day of school left, plus only two exam days!"
"facebook\e playful eriment    if you are reading this, whether or not we speak often, \please post a comment of a memory you have of us  what ever pops into \your head first  when you are finished, post this paragraph onto your \own status; you will be surprised what people remember!!"
one more exam to go until full summer break    one more   
is now halfway through with high school  i will return to dsf a <propmale> next fall! wooooo!
was disappointed with the low turnout for the dsf show choir car wash  shame on all of you for not supporting such an amazing group!
"happy father's day, daddies out there!"
shall see toy story 3 by the end of the day 
saw toy story 3 with her dad and nearly cried about four times and lmao'ed so many times  i love this series  all of them were great 
is at the airport again and waiting for 2 pm to roll around so she can get on her re-rescheduled flight that will eventually lead to oregon  i'll get there sometime   
is in oregon and loving it 
went shopping and found her new favorite store: fuego  and got bags at aaa  wheeeee!  laugh 
is gonna go work out on the wii fit plus 
punched herself in the face learning how to draw a compound bow  and i also got a crash-course in driving a quad atv to get some signal  currently in rural ca   smile 
is in san fancisco and will see wicked!!!!!
"is in a motel 6 waiting to venture back to san <propfemale>, but the power went out just after i got out of the shower   "
"is back in oregon, but is down in coos bay and too far away from hillsboro at too late in the evening to complete the journey tonight  but i shall return tomorrow!"
hey boys  need to find out why the girls are getting bored of you so fast? http annoyed  www aolhealth com condition-center mens-sexual-health five-things-men-do-wrong-in-the-bedroom?ncid=webmail
"needs a tissue, hot chocolate, and a shoulder "
happy happy joy joy jooooooooy!
"? if your not a chicken than copy&paste this\ and see what others like about you! 1 eyes 2 lips 3 voice 4 hair \5 body 6 name 7 style 8 laugh 9 smile 10 personlity ~?"
"? if your not a chicken than \copy&paste this and see what others like about you! 1 eyes \2 lips 3 voice 4 hair 5 body 6 name 7 style 8 laugh 9 smile \10 personlity ~?"
finally got around to seeing dr  horrible's sing along blog   sigh  it was amazing!
"will be the first witch, first murderer, and first apparition in tomorrow's performance of macbeth for oct in the wininstad theater  come and watch!"
"is very glad with the product of 30 hours of sakespeare, 15 of which was dedicated to the blocking and story, the other half to ensemble work and confidence growth onstage  though the video (soon to be posted) focuses on me, so use your imagination for half of the scenes including me  which is 90% of them "
who could my celebrity doppleganger be? any suggestions?
has to leave oregon in less than a week     sob 
is packing    q q
"leaves to return to va tomorrow morning at 10 am or so  i arrive there about 10 pm  hoir camp on friday---the last day of show choir summer camp, altogether  i also just got back from learning how to play magic the gathering  my cousin, who was teaching me, has been playing it for 1 5 moths  i played it for an hour and hacked him to pieces three games in a row "
"'like'\ this status if you think i'm cute  'poke' me if you think i'm annoying \ if i ever made you smile, comment this with a ' smile ' comment this with a \'?' if you love me!  smile  post this as your status and see what people \think of you!  playful "
is back in <propfemale> 
would have gotten her learners permit if the dmv's camera for the physical cards was working  but i passed and will (hopefully) have the card by tomorrow!
has finally received her learners permit! oh dear   
"okay, so how in teh heck do you check the class roster via schoolspace? i forgot from last year   "
"1  history honors w  burgess\2  drivers <propmale> w  davidson\3  japanese 3\4  ap english w  smith\5  physics honors w  shea\6  ap calculus w  campbell\7  show choir\who has what with me? i can check the roster, but this is more fun "
"dangnabbit! i have to go to school tomorrow morning, don't i?"
has so    much    work  who knew <propmale> year would be so hard so soon off the bat?!
is finally done with her homework! two nights in a row! amazing!
"is sick, overstressed, and sleep-deprived  is anybody else on my boat?"
"has free time for the first time in weeks  not cool for those weeks, cool now   laugh "
's dad stabbed himself repeatedly in the gut with a pizza cutter    he's fine  physically 
relaxation is so nice   
like this is you have a gpa over a 4 0 
like this if you have a gpa over a 4 0 
is    is this what people call 'freedom?'
3-day weekend ftw!
homecoming tonight    must pretty up now 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you or someone you know someone you know has been affected by needing a foot up the ass  people who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass, other than a foot up the ass  but we can raise awareness! 93% of people won't repost this because they, too, need a foot up the ass "
just walked out of the school during the preview concert because of a freakin' fire! not just that! go synchopations for  not stopping in the middle of the song for even the slightest beat when the alarm went off! woohoo!
won't get a day of rest until halloween weekend  yay productivity!  shot 
got two free hours today    rarer than boring homework  at least my rahdonkulous workload is captivating!
had very little homework    i'm scared 
's using her stay-up-late time to stalk old crushes   
is online for the first time in too effing long   love 
love stinks when it can't be reciprocated  juuuuust sayin'
weekend    i'm missing one of the few parties to which i'm actually invited  why? i have work and obligations  fml 
glee!
is now in  love   love   love  with <propmale> hummel from glee  damn you all for getting me addicted in less than two episodes!
is starting to find calculus a bit difficult  nah  just a faze!
just saw hp7-1  omfgwtfbbq123 it was amazing  i want <propfemale> watson now  :b
like this if you also squee'ed when you found out that <propmale> potter (a very potter musical) and <propmale> (glee) were the same guy 
"just rewatched my soloiloque as titania, and didn't mind it as much as before  then again, half of it was on mute   annoyed "
i'm a little obsessed with sleep and the deprivation thereof 
"i'm at the regency mall, buying gifts and such  i like finally being so relaxed and content "
i am on a glee kick! it's like i'm chopping up little segments of interviews and songs and snorting them! wooooo!
gleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleeglee  waiting 26 hours     25 hours and 57 minutes   
exams are over  what do normal people do when they don't have 9 hourse of homework for the weekend?
"currently going nuts for glee on itunes and lady gaga (\born this way\"")!"""
glee  gotta love this show giving kids the sex talks they need when adults are too childish with sticks up their a**es to do it themselves  teachers and parents   looks at fhs's policy of teach-em-cancer-and-abstinence  
