c6792856fa85005586953ef725a3946d
"this next year better have some better shit coming to me, cuz i definetely have some exciting shit coming to it!"
the next ten years will determine the rest of my life  laugh 
such a pointless day today    
damn the break is almost over and i really didnt kick it with anyone   or more like no pne kiked it with me lol
whats up full of causes concersn     whats up people!? whats up people?!! whats up people?! are you scared?    
almost home    
fine as fuck
"doesnt wanna go home, he just wanna get out of this country!!!"
is oficially homeless! and has no house to stay! will need a place to crash!
is lonely    
is sad and homeless    wow    i need sum luv!
is looking for a second job!
never let go of my hand    
some people die some people cry from the wicked ways of love
"yea!!!! hooked up ,y lap top!!!!"
loop and loop as i go around this world of crazy love crazy feelings crazy gambles    hopefully i'll settle soon   
"you better watch what the fuck flies out of ur mouth, or im guna hijack a plane and fly it into ur house    burn ur apartment with ur family tied to the couch, and slit their throats so when they scream, only blood comes out   hehe"
hey got new aim add me soulfulstrum131
fuck skype aint downloading!!!!!!
ne one down to watch <propmale> with me and <propfirst>??
my ankle still hurts   but it looks like im meeting soccer eye to eye   i know if i play i wont get hurt    because i ve sat down for way too long!
well this is it    im actually leaving     
hahaha u make me happy cuz u trapped me into ur little world of us
got a hp ticket   anyone wanna go with me??
just wanna be with u and hold u
mmmmmm choco bananos
just promise me u wont drop me    
love to play my baby even when its hurt   dont worry   i'll fix u and we can still b together  laugh 
come fly with  me lets fly lets fly away   
screw all of the no on prop 8 haters!!! fuck you!!!!!!
i wanna love u! love and treat u right    
life is worth much more then dough!
"i smoke 2 joints in the morning i smoke 2 joints at night, i smoke to joints in the afternoon, and it makes me feel alright, i smoke 2 joints in time of peace   "
every life we have some trouble   when u worry it'll double so dont worry b happy!!
anyone wanna go with me to a j rock concert on saturday?? sf tickets r 28 dollars   really fun!!!
i need a joint    
me and <propmale> fong have bromance  love 
its like i keep on falling down this dark abyss of hurt    fuck!!!!
no se    en serio es que ya ni se que <propfemale> pasandonos   
in these harsh times   all i can do is sing it up    
damn im feeling a lot better! a little ssleep did good!
gettin ready for warmup   im going to win this game for sure!
started the seaosn with a clean sheet! what could be better?
oooooooo!!!! foxy lady!!!
"as time goes by, since i am a love addict there is an evanescent secret in my heart, all i can do is bid u sweet dreams    "
i wanna love wanna  love wanna love ya    
holy shiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!! really great concert!!!!! hyde was amazing!!!!!! kaz was just chillin and playing guitar   he could have gotten more into it     but the bassist was really into it!!!!!! i love you vamps!!!!!!
usa doesnt have their starting lineup   e playful lain y mexico is winning   they have their bench on full of 17 yr olds
i just want to put my soul into these six strings   
<propfemale> stringing my chrome strings from my guitar     these are screwing up my playing    time to back to standards   or jazz light  blues     ahhh i hated these hopefully they didnt mess up my guitar   
is thinking of buying an sg  but what kind of pickups should i get??
ahh my guitar is stringless     i cant play how i feel  sad  o well    
thats what you get for waking up in vegas!
i wish i was famous so i can donate 1 3 of my makings to public schools    
"im walking through your world, feels like im enduring xeveral 1000's of years, i sustained life from immortality, watching you, the folly humans indiscriminantly kill and justy endless wars  just set me free and blind me!! the height of absurdness calling"
whoever egged my house did a really shityy job   ameteurs  wink 
happy 12 months!!!!!
its my anniversary with my baby   and im going to make her moan and scream!!!!
is done  damn tht was 2 hours of wailing!!! ahh me and my guitar ( my baby  wink  ) need a rest  
y es por ti   
ahhh will this feeling never end? i hope not  wink 
fml fml fml fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
world apart     
soon enough   i know its coming to me soon   gotta embrace myself    
yea another win   6-1 fosho!!!!
i miss l arc en ciel  sad 
i miss the good old 90's  crying 
is lost   just god damn lost!!!!
a cold beer always taste good after a hard days of work   ahh i love beer!
u deserve a kiss for me!!!!
fuck theatrical baby girl because you actual
???????
how come all the songs i write happen at this mime of hour?
noooooooooo!!!!!! no god damn cookies!!! what the fuuuuck!!!!!!!
really wants a ramones shirt!
has finally concluded that <propfirst> beiber is a fag!
im dry   anyone whos not dry hit me up!
is quitting    
cant wait till school starts hehe so i can work for money!
stop!!! shower time!!!
good things are going to happen to me!!!!
??????? ahh sets my my mood!!!
anyoone down to have a poker night at my place???
just updated firefox!!!
<propfemale> got tickets to the barca game!!!! lower level seats 10 row!!!! cant wait to see messi!
anone dowsn to skype?
come fly with me lets fly away!
thinking about selling my wii+games and my tv
inexhaustible energy
gym or no gym? that is the question!
stream of tears
zephyr u got me in the bluesy mood!!!
because nobody loves ou like i do    just you  wink 
sometimes just want to know why?!?!?!
u know what! fuck it!
fuckin ay!!!! im hella fuckin sore!!!!! and i have a god damn game tomorrow!!!!!! fuuuuuck!!!!!!!!
is going to give away his tele once he gets his sg 61' re issue
just blind me!!!!!! set me free!!!!!!!
fuck it just gotta keep my heads up high and get through this
has a lot of things to think about   and i stil need a real hug  crying 
tomorrow is another day   jammin with <propmale> and my boy jeremy   i'll sing akfg till all these tears that have been inside me go away   
so thanks to all the good friends who helped me    u dried them tears without me even showing them   akfg and guitar here i come but with no tears and wih all love and passion  laugh 
screw the sg im getting a <propmale> <propfirst>!!!!!
do u remember that day baby? im still alive im still here
fuck my g string!!!!!!!
im in love with a ghost such a beautiful thing in the world
lol messi was sick!! lucky he was on my side the first half so got tons of pictures!!!
i tipsy    
would u love in bently? would u love on a bus?
why do i epically fail?!?!!?
is thinking of learning the drums   
ia fuking pissed!!!
watching spongebob employee of the month
it's like the devil in me saw the god in you
i appreciate skillz over billz
r i p  <propmale> <propfirst>       crying 
"the last day of my freedom    thigs will go hard from here mentally, emotionally, and physically     ahhh shit     crying "
how come all the horoscopes are usually right? its really creepy
just made a twitter
is bored and is trying to do something before school starts tomorrow   ahhh snap   nutn to do  sad 
alright its time to do this shit!
"good night to you  i always do think of you, even when i am far away were you wonderful today? because surely there will be good tomorrows, sweet dreams "
jazz band was sick!!!!!
i just want to waste another day with you
fcukin shit man i cant sleep and i have to get up at 4 am for starbucks interview   fml
   ahh shit    too much to handle some sleep can help    
new day lets hope it goes well!
just figured out how to use the com wifi portal
days is good so far  playful 
you can't trust women   you just can't
ahaha that was very interesting
wtf!!!!?!?!?! what happened yesterday? i cant remember shit!!!!  sad 
chinga esto!!!! sera q lo termino? ya estoy cansado de estos babosadas 
"ya no me amas, ya no me quieres, sólo me odias todo bien, y me pongo a pensar que tú y yo va a acabar, y sería mejor si ya no estás aquí, y me pongo a temblar, porque empiezo a reir y por <propfemale> seg<propfemale>do puedo ver que salgo de aquí    aquí  de aquí nadie f<propfemale>ciona, <propfemale> me sirve, todo puede terminar y siempre bien, <propfemale> ciudad, me va a aplastar, es <propfemale>a sala de espera, <propfemale> ciudad se puede derretir y yo pue"
"ya no me amas, ya no me quieres, sólo me odias todo bien, y me pongo a pensar que tú y yo va a acabar, y sería mejor si ya no estás aquí, y me pongo a temblar, porque empiezo a reir y por <propfemale> seg<propfemale>do puedo ver que salgo de aquí    aquí  de aquí"
wrote a new song
goodbye jamba!!!!!
my trip was a nice trip   i like it!
i have no swagger  sad 
im just a kid looking to play  wink 
<propfirst> <propmale> is on the train to auschwits!!!!
sex drugs and rock n roll!!!!!!
~it must be love~
misses his baby!!!!!!
gonna play tos all over again and beat it agian for the 16th time
is the bear jew!!!!!
wtf?!?!?! called in for jury duty!!!!!!!! no  crying 
doesnt know what to do  sad 
killin nazis with <propmale>!
i'm just a vagabond with flowers for algernon the average <propfirst> who knows what the fuck is goin on
found his <propfemale>
is the roulette dares
fuck lost my earing!!!!!!
life is looking good  smile 
i said good day!
waiting for a counselor to add a class so i can get my damn scholarhip!!!! ive been here too damn long!
ugh  im getting fat and flabby  sad  gotta hit the gym  annoyed 
"you need cool air, baby im not foolin,, im gonna send ye, back to school eh, way down inside, oo shorty u need, im gonna give u my love, im gonna give u my love!"
<propfemale> la lla la
what happens in a rave   will stay in a rave cuz chances are u wont remember what happened
needs to go pedal shopping soon!
why did <propmale> get fired?
is ditching sociology to study sociology
what?!?! <propfemale> is banned from signing players till 2011?!?!?! thats bullshit!!!!
yes! the weekend is here!!!
needs to get back on the field!
truly one of the best nights!
fml    so lonely  sad 
"bros before hoes is definitely something that i will now take to heart    cuz ur bro will always be there more than anyone else, so they deserve all ur heart "
wtf?!?! my sociology book is in my truck and i need to study for a test    and the truck is locked and my dad has the keys!!! fml   
it may not be you    but she looks like you
needs to get his guitar fixed    anyone know someone that can fix it?
lovesick like a dog with canine sensitivity developing this new theory of relativity
did you know at least 850 men were a victim to pms abuse in the bay area?
screw you facebook!!!!! distracting me from studying!
"<propfemale> alert!!!! 3 yr old girl taken by a man driving a new silver truck plate 72b381 from stockton, ca keep it going change your status even just for one hour please "
is thinking about getting new cleats      lasers or f50i's?
she was standing on a <propfemale> hill breathing everysingle pleasant feeling even though the world is turning lonely eyes she decided to take funny pills slowly falling into shallow sleeping even though the world is turning lonely eyes so sweet  i kill you so sweet i kill them all kill them all
i love this kind of weather!
tetsuya will be homecoming <propmale>! (no doubt in my mind)
i hope they serve beer in hell!
my day will be over ay 730  sad 
it feels like december    good night everyone!
off to work! yay!
feels privledged to serve geroge <propmale> his coffee this morning  smile 
energy 92 7 is gone!!!!!! nooooooo this is bullshit!
is lonely   needs a hug
"just got home from work    just have to finish my essay, study for my sociology test that i will most likely fail    ahh life is so hard, i know i can get through this hard time, oh and i have an overdraft fee fml, gotta get to usf! gotta keep at it!"
is done with his essay! thanks <propmale>!
blink 182!!!!! sucks!!
fuck relationships!
got wrapped
open wrist talks back again  in the wounded of its skin  they'll pinprick the witness  in ritual contrition
is my apocolypse!!!!!
last night was a good night
"oi lienda <propfemale> che fas? <propfemale>, <propfemale> que tal? but <propfemale>, je ne comprends pas francais so you'll have to speak to me some other way"
"yesterday, it was intense, it was an epic war, the story of one man  <propmale>, saved my life multiples times, while facing thousands of nazis, using his mg-42 to take them down one by one while reviving me, <propmale> is a true hero an american hero!!"
shit   its official    im addicted  annoyed 
worst day ever! fml got a bad test grade! and bad grade on my essay!and kicked out of class! im starting to doubt myself   
loves russian people!
hasnt seen his little brother in two days  crying 
life is seriously sucking! thinking about dropping english   
anyoe down to party tonight?
"dads getting pissed cuz all i do at home is chat on my lap top  and he says thats not what its for, and he says if your gonna be in my house you cant be chatting all the time  the biggest bull shit ever "
excuse me while i kiss the sky
"making music, and writing too bassist <propmale> cortenaga"
finished 2 songs!!!! yess!
"the best day ever!!!!! ands the funniest  laugh  a gay drunk guy asked if i wanted it up the \yoo hoo\"" and then another guy asked if i wanted to come home with him  laugh   made 2 new songs! and had the best night as well  wink """
loves <propfirst> <propmale>!
always has bad luck  sad 
needs better days! and needs to blaze!!!! and have a shit load of haze! and defenitly needs to rave!
were better together    
fuck! the creative music isnt flowinf within me right now! i cant evaluate my music and add more to it!!!! fml!!!!!!!!
goodbye soccer?
"come one, let me talk 2 u,ive got a feelin in my head, cmon let me wlk with u,ive got a feelin in my head, yeaaaa i cant e playful ress this emotion, i cant e playful ress this emotion, this emotion in me, i cant e playful ress this emotion thay will make my mind free,, yeaaaa i cant e playful ress this emotion, yea!!!!!"
needs to get better at guitar   fuck    
"yess, yesss, yess!!!! im getting somewhere!!"
is super happy!!! made a lot of progress!!!!!
horrible day at work!!!!!!! fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hmmm should i get a tatoo?, pierce my eyebrow? and grow my hair? or just one?"
is tired of being the nice guy    
ok   the mustang isnt for me    what kind of <propmale> <propfirst> should i buy?
niggest and worst fight ever      kimbo will be <propmale>!
really needs to think things through before i make this decesion   
legit day today  mencia stand up is really good!
god damnit ziggy!!!!!!!!
first guitar lesson tomorrow   wish me luck   
growin the fro agian haha
hmmmmm thnking of coming up with another crappy song of mine    but i cant cuz im tired    fml
hmmmmm still dont know which guitaar i want   fmfl
<propmale> is a pimp!!!!
just had his lesson   a lot to learn and a lot to practice    music <propmale> here i come
gotta choose 3 songs for my next lesson to learn   any suggestions?
ahhh there is no room for me in this world     what am i to do   im tired of being a nobody in this pathetic life     i need more sensation    
fml and this shit   im just gonna practice my scales till i pass out    fmfl!!!!!
dad fuck you! learn to be a real father
well a good day today    all i can hope for is a better one tomorrow
is about to be a barista at 4 am as usual     *sigh* im tired
parents want me to go to therapy     wtf?!?!
needs a brownie     
really wants to go back to sleep and just live in the dream he just had
anyone down to go shoot?
is thinking of getting a longboard maybe   
just wants to create music for the whole world to enjoy    how do i do this???
starting to hate the ridiculous fighting in this world    
u can never break me
"eddie: you karate kicked <propfirst> when u were high? me: i'm a functional pothead <propfirst>, thts y i can karate kick people when im high  <propfirst> laugh amn i cant do that when im high me: thats cuz ur a disfunctional pothead, ur stoopid! <propfirst>: shut the fuck up!     i need a tutor"
is gonna work on his song about immigration and the dream act
never got to finish the song    writers block   sigh      and i really miss her too  sad 
is starting to think school aint for him    
perhaps i should go into law enforcment
parnormal activity got me trippin!
has found the source of his depression! aha!
baby just say yes!
brownies soon! <propfemale>!
"<propfemale>: <propmale>  how you doin'?  <propmale> campbell: hey, <propfemale>, who's playing today?  <propfemale>: jolly green giants and the shitty beetles   <propmale> campbell: shitty beetles? are they any good?  <propfemale>: they suck   <propmale> campbell: then it's not just a clever name  the best line <propfemale>!"
is dissapointed in his guitar playing    
ok i have two choices    drum lessons or voice lessons?    hmmm which to choose?    
wants life for everyone to be groovy
"ghana gano!, lol and i special brownies today! groovy!"
doing his english rewrite essay     great!!!
misses her    awwwwwww shit
back from work    really wants to do something like jam? or hit it?
really really wants a japanese fender!!
"twilight is a big, steaming pile of toe-curling bullshit "
one day i'll be there    lets make it soon
kikin it with <propmale> playing border lines and eating redboys   what can get better than this???
procrastination    whoop <propfirst> fuckin doo!
bonito   todo me parece bonito    
goin to prsctice my scales   yippeee!!!
i just realized i had an awesome dream in my sleep last night   
finally!!! the weekend is here!
will i ever sing like him??? or write like him???    i hope one day   hopefully soon
damn  i broke my chain!
finals are upon us    
so im looking for a fender cyclone    this will be impossible  sad 
fuck i still have to start that essay   
"as i progress into this essay on cannabis, i must completely agree that cannabis can only be good for the u s"
whoa   my dad added my friends on fb?! wtf?!
nature is a whore
weezer u suck!
one of the worst days today  sad 
so   so   so   sore ugh  sad 
i want a pokemon as my profile pic!
yet again  modern warfare 2  smile 
sexy bitch oh yea!!!!!!!
dratiiiiiiniiii!!!!
"nadie me quire todos me odian mejor me como <propfemale> gusanito, <propfemale> corto la cabeza, lo saco lo de adentro, zooop  que <propmale> gusanito!"
"gotta go to work, gotta go to work"
ok where the fuck is my tele?!
is mr  groovy~~~~
feel the heat!
man im gettin a mustang   but i really want a jag stang    
misses the old l~arc~en~ciel
new years resolution? why not have one everyday?
agghh im going to write a love song but hey what can i say? i love her  smile 
awww man  no boooze to share with my cousins   sucks that hes pussy whipped now
"damn, that is some good schist"
may the west be with you
yeeeesshhh polllo campero be jealous!
everyone is gone    
watchin an asian go at it at the drums    shit hes getting good!
"ne1 down to buy a fender telecaster for 350?  obo  just got a new setup and put new elixer strings on so it means u dnt have to change ur strings for at least a year   unless u break it, even if u break it i will restring it for u  or a takamine g series acoustic guitar with low action and a hard case with a year warranty so if u break it, u get a new one, it goes for 300$ or best offer  hit me up if ur interested "
f it wasnt for l arc en ciel i dont know where id b   
wow after 3 months of modern warfare   no one is playing world at war   
good day today   thinking about stock investment
finally my lap top is back  smile 
new skype: soulfulstrum131
needs to download guitar pro    
i gotta kick start now!
downloaded hydes solo work    damn   its so amazing!
when ur trying to do something as good as another person who has been doin it for 20 years   its a pain   
god damnit i need a damn hug!
pops is an asshole as usual   
fuuuck    i need to write a solo inthe key of a    but    i need a loop pedal    anyone wanna spare 100 bucks?! hahaha jk
hyde! ur so god damn fucking amazing!!!! y cant i b like u?! ur the damn fucking shit!
hmmm drop e to c#   lets see what happens    whoa!!!!
sigh   almost 19   whoopdee fucking doo!
     
good bye mustang    
ont he day of my birthday im writing a new song    i hope its good
thanks for all th eb day wishes!
ok fuck this im saving up for a twin reverb!
what up biiitches!!! new numba 913-8614!
is really really down to rally today
god damn i hate sleeping when im hungry!
hard style!!
ghost n stuff
"if i were a character from friday, its safe to say im smokey"
this year   i will try to take part in no shave november
<propfemale>!!!!!!
ok fuck the colts    go saints!!!
ahahha super bowl in hi-def fuck yea!
ok fuck homework
hahaha i now know what ima b doin valentines day   partyyyy bbitches!!!
"im not christian but ima pray for my momz and bro for a safe flight, and a safe vacation  and hope that god gives thema safe trip"
anyone down to buy some vapors?
awwwww fuuck i miss the long hair!!!!
wtf?! facebook?! whyyyy?!
mom and lil bro are safe  smile 
*slap*keep yo hands off my mama and keep yo hands off my doridos!
so perfect    this moment
awwwwwwww my lil bro called fasho today is a good day
legit night   but one thing i learned is i shouldnt blaze too much like today   i seriously say some stipid crap sometimes   
sonomamade
entre dos aguas 1976
listening to jazz and doin math hw   how legit
jibun wo!!! sekai saeomo kaeteshimashita!  playful 
hahaha for once in my life someone around my age think im cute   how swell hahah
three things i need to get by the end of saturday   new earing   guitar setup and a damn v day gift   
hasnt gone stupid in minutes haha
laruku
sex is on fire!!!
ignore ur stupid emotions and just go with ur gut feeling and sayyyy fuuuuck it to the retarded shit tht happens
if only i had a good voice    life would b a lot better
fuck how do u open a rar  file?
damn im a beer pong champ!!!!!!
well   i guess im celebrating 19 yrs of having no valentines    yay
finally we finished our first song   its called smile
sokouso!
so baby dont u cry
what a legit day  smile  fuck v day! when u can holler at women!
just tried to take which sexual postion i am   but then i couldnt answer the questions cuz they dont apply to me  sad 
fuuck i havent watched secret life in ages   somene update me!
<propfemale> and clover=tanoshii
legit study sesh hahaha
fml    
yep the worst day ever    fml   
is on penecilin and codone    plz no more pain!
life is   happy  laugh d
first meal in 5 days   this is beautiful!@
you go your way i'll go my way
fuck now i really want to plan a trip to japan!
bored    lol cant sleep   
whats there to do today    
awww man i miss playing soccer  crying 
whoa!!! its time for a haircut!!!
"<propfemale> 9:1 and god said, \ let me spread all the seeds for people to enjoy\"" i hope you know what seed im talking about  wink """
sore throat is gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok whos trying to smoke today?
jam sesh today    yesh!!!  smile 
"way to go <propfirst>! u got sick, now u fucke dup math and are way behind and the stupid computer is giving u questions tht are retarded as fuck! this math class is gay as fuck!!!!"
im in a rave mood     
no favorite band: tokio hotel
time to get the cleats back on   gloves strapped on    
goin to the field  if anyone wnts to shoot hit me up
teaching myself how to roll a blunt
guess i just got a new <propmale> name    sexican lol
let's all roll a blunt and get fucked up yeeeee!
"dear god, why do i attract only older women? and why do i attract also onkly attract foreigh people? and why is it i attract europeans as well? an above all   they are all older than me    why god? why??"
write a song or watch the hangover?
godd damn i came up with some legit melodies right now! thank u motta!!!! u have truly helped!!
only 5 more months    till i go fucking crazy    yea   fuck yea!
see the world behind my wall
"legot day so fatr   hjad lunch with good ole' friends, now im cleaning the house and listening to reggae, through the house sound system, lettin in the nice breeze with  the nice day  just a legit day "
~honey~
gigity gigity goo!!!
"that morning, i want to go back to, so i cross the rainbow "
u just gotta love <propfemale> haha
i wish i could learn how to scream   
line6 mm4
soreness! thank you workout!
time to tell my pops that i crashed the car    oh boy   
no woman no cry
waiting for the world cup to come    im gonna go nutz!
smoke sesh    time to work on those bars haha
"boxed room  the hangover hot pockets, chiups grapes and soda    id say this day is legit"
back_on
parents coming home   super scared    but at least my cousin is gonna live with us now  laugh 
now tht i havet o pay off so many things i really dont wantto tave up for a car nymore   
to do list 1) take a shower 2)clean the house 3) look for truck keys 4) do scholarhip application 5) jam 6)workout 7) go to guitar centre and see if i can get my takamine fixed  smile  pick up parents from sfo
"has a grinder, loves to roll    and is buying tree again   am i becoming a pothead again? maybe im just a musician who is a pothead   "
god damn fuckin candaians!
"heaven is gone   cant smoke dro in thouse anymore, cant leave whenever i want without telling pops, cant comeback home hella late    life    officially sucks again   "
life would be a lot better if i were tall
cant do hw right now  lets practice scales and theory yea?
why do i keep on loving you?
i just want peole to see the wolrd behind my walls
changed the string on the stang 69'    lovin life in my room with no one to bother me
ok so my tele is gonan b gone for a bit   thts cool its for a good reason   i have to break in this mustang   idk i think its for the best if i can get used to it   the bridge is buzzing though   
"mientras sigue viendo tu <propfemale> de la <propfemale>, mientras sigue escuchando tu voz, entre las olas, entre la espuma, minetras tengo que cambiar la radio de ectacion, porque cada cancion me hable de ti, de tiiiii"
happy birthday lil bro!
fuc k verizon
gotta move out soon   
what a legit day to de stress about family problems   and what afucking jam sesh i just had   first time jamming with a drummer
beer makes u stupid   bud makes u wiser
hahah if shes gonna be my roomie were about to hve a reggeaton parrrtyyyy!
pawn my sax? or craigslist it?
just free your mind
potentially a new song? hmmmmm
"\hemp is of first necessity to the wealth & protection of the  country \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
i feel like im shutting from the sky
out of all this bad thats gonan happen and happened   only something good can happen i  hope
lookin for a roomate ! hit me up if ur tryin to move out
"ok mother fuckers, im not a drug addict  weed is not a drug  so quit treating me as if i am one  and no weeed does not possess my mind, and make me addicted  dumbasses get your shit right before u talk or think shit"
2 spliffs+2 blunts=fun night  laugh 
after dark    n g s    rewrite   my world down      blue train
danit gotoh! u write such good music!
droppin school   
washed     -_-
leland: hey whats that on your ass? me: oh thats c4 on my ass
"no one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble"
strenght training isnt for me 
got work tomorrow time to hit the sack
<propfirst> mccartney= legit musician annoyed egit music
workin on lyrics     lets hope i got good ones  annoyed 
is worried   little bro has a 102 fever   
"f we cant make love, we can always make peace"
im sorry mom i never meant to hurt ur or cry    
just downloaed like 10 albums problem is   i cant find my i pod connector  sad 
"just woke up and i went to the kitchen and found tortillas, guacamole, carne asada, some red sauce and some cilantro     best wake up by far"
fuck! medical <propmale> came in today! fml
you bust lead? so do i
parent found my salvia trip vids hahahahahahaha
"smokin cigs, drinkin coffee, readin a book, listening to coltrane, with a rainy day   laugh "
musicals r nice to listen to hah
damn germans are hardcore
flashback     i cant have more of this   fml
it is the spring time of my loving   
lol look at me  only been playing for  a year and 8 months and im giving lessons now hahaha this is legit
another chill smoke sesh
its a party in the usa!!!
missing the long hair
"just got home hella tired  i look in the fridge and i see tht my dad has a shit load of corona, haha gotta love corona on a nice day lol"
fuck you u stupid song! i cant play u by ear!
haha legit smokin seshes today lol  rolled a j and a blunt haha and went hiking haha
washed   just woke up
"its a nice day   haters are haters, just gonna learn <propfirst> <propmale> songs and kik it on my day off"
this woman will be my wife! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=2tgieann5jq&feature=related
is thinking sbout growing my hair out liek <propfemale> did in 69'
<propfemale> is boring when ur dry  sad 
this calls for a celebration blunt
just got an offer to play for a psychadelic band
im 19 yrs old     and im still playing and watching pokemon    who has a problem with this?
"you know something is wrong when people say ur doing something right and u doing it frowning, and when ur smiling and u think ur doing something right, everyone else frowns    "
r i p nujabes aka jun seba  i will always remember how u changed my life
is having a shitty day
who's down to go to a pillows concert with me?
nujabes is boss rip
good night last night
pumped for tommororw!!!  hopefully i'll do good
fuck i want an orange!
fml overtime   and a jamless day    i feel so shitty
"line 6 mm4, wumpler triple wreck, boss rc-2"
is learning how to scream
my friend wansts to know what the big deal with <propmale> <propmale>
cant wait for my next paycheck!
haters haters haters  suck one bitched and fuck you all!!!!
slept in the afternoon today  cant sleep at all  damnit
"id rather regret doing something i did, than regret something i didnt do"
haha just did a cover of tokio hotel automatich     now all i have to do is be able to sing it and im set
about to b a crackin shift hahah
nube toobs are for faaaaaaags!
theres no real love in you
g curly will make my night
thizz face   xc
my pops just hated on hendrix     
wenn du lachst   
juust woke up     
"todayyyyy is the greaaaatest daayy i everrr had, todayyy is the greaaaatest!"
time to download smashing pumpkins
legit day so far 
haaaaangin ouuut! dooown the streeeet the same ol'e thing weee did last weeeek
hella tree leftover     
my better is better than your better
is breezin
its gettin hot in here
made some sexy foam today at work
about to go to bed    second i get off work tomorrow at 4 smile 0 its about to b a crackin weekend!
what should i buy for my next paycheck?
about to go to work     
u remember the 90's if u know hooked on phonics commercial was on every 5 <propfemale>
its offficial  im growin the hair out again
crosssss joint yeaaaaaa    hahahaaa
chillin wit my azn buds haha
about to jam soon wooot!
2 hours past by like it was 5 minutes    damn
perfect day to listen to <propfirst> satriani
shoul di get a gillette mach 3? or gileete fusion?
work at 4 am tomorrow  off at 9 am then im offf tuesday     looks like its gonna b full of blazun hahah
just got home     what to do    what to do   
tired as fuck  washed as fuck  on my day off  fuck yea  smile 
such a nice day outside    hella wanna kik it today
doc says i shouldnt sing for a couple of weeks damnit dx
boredom     complete    utter    boredom    
i put fait in myself and not the system
"make sure ur not fufilling your parents' dream and them, make sure ur fufilling your own dream and yourself "
got new vans!
bros before hoes!
black beans and rice   mommas special! yum  joyful 
i smoke in times of madness  i smoke in time of peace
could you be loved? yess i kno i could hahaha
peacland
simple rhymes
new southpark season!!!!!!!!! 1030
ohh u got a scrotum coat? luckyyyyyyy
tomoorw is spongebobs favorite holiday!
"shopping list for the year     fender passpor 150 pro, boss rc-20xl, line 6 mm4, wampler triple wreck, a car, a fender jaguar or jazzmaster or gibson <propmale> <propfirst> or sg"
home from work  about to go mountain biking
boring day   very boring day
fuck you <propmale> <propmale>
whoa! its 8?! damn anyone tryin to do something tonight?
trifffffffffectaaaaaaaa
dont hate on my trifectaaa bitches
just gotta a bloody nose while headbanging to slipknot   fml
i found old spit on the bridge of my stang    fuck
about to watch pineapple e playful ress with my momz    i wonder how this will go lol
too many fails today 
"when ur best friend goes away and makes u sad, but then randomly shows up  <propfemale> couldnt b any happier  thanks for making my day old <propmale> i missed ur face"
mic stand mixer and speakers are setup with the mic  fuck this is is amazing
im smart  im just academically stupid
"should just focus on the songs already written  then worry about writing more later as <propmale> cobain said music first, then lyrics"
fuck fb chat
broke again   
hey mom whats for breakfast? pupusas  fuck yea! watch ur language!
off to work    sigh    
fuck i hate it when i lose my tuner xo
is super pissed
"got dibs on <propfemale>, and the greek chick tht helps perseas from clash of the titans  god damn theyre hott"
legit night  gotta love my menthol lites
not tryin to work  hella sleepy  cant wait to get some rest
just woke up   heall bored
ooooo we belong together
hella tip money   hahaha i think you know what tht means  wink 
mom is always right
heyyyyy shaaaaaawty
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
kicked out agan ha
write a new song?
is hella bored and tryin to dosomething  hit me up if anyone wants to kik it
<propfemale> is a dope ass anime
regrettin not getting those pedals
what a lonely day
its funny how music changes ur mood  thank you <propmale> keys
"me: do u think hes a republican or a democrat? felipe: iono dude, doesnt matter when ur up here  me: damn    "
hikmin in the hills was thwe shit
the same words he told me tht made me feel like shit is now the words tht make me feel like im the shit  fuck you dad ill prove u wrong
"do you remember that day? and the time goes by, i am still alive now"
is free breezin
luv sic pt 2
ijust got hit on by three lesbians at work haha
home from work  tryin to chill
"seasons change, perspecitves change, goals change "
just got the weedmunchies by thinin about 420 and how im gonna spend it  laugh 
"plan for next week  pizza, music, movies, and dro"
is suuuper hyper!
"heyy <propfemale>, i cant wait to see u in the summer  wink "
i love all my bros   no homo
night bitches
"damn, first time i wake up before 12"
wants to go to russia for summer!
"the shadows blurred by tears, frame by frame"
"when pl tell me i can do it, it makes me wanna do it  but when ppl tell me i cant do it, it only makes me wanna do it 100x more"
"work tommorrow, til 745  after tht its about to b a weekend"
hey say jump!
i want shiny humbuckers
not diggin work on a saturday  bout to roll a fat doobie when i get home
what a night
"o cant u see that it just rainin, aint no need to go outside"
is thinking   
modal soul
needs to find a design for a tatoo
"movies,music,modernwarfare, miyazaki  chill day"
about to b a dope ass day
i love it when u call me big popppa
just realized what i did these past two days is wht ppl need to b doin more! im glad i have a lot of time to do this  luvin life right now
just woke up from my nap   
"work, band practice, workout, then night hike  busy day today"
sometimes i wish my voice wasnt so deep  annoyed \
hello telecaster  ive missed u so much
guys night round 2
cross fade haha
i think i wanna rock
guitar makes me happy  smile 
damn honestly my mustang is more epensive than my telecaster but my tele just sounds fuckin better than it   
for an immigrant theres always the struggling story of how they managed to get to usa and the extreme struggle on how they manage to live in the usa  much respect immigrants  u deserve to b here
kinda wanna visit guatemala again   
sellin the mustang for a gibson
chillaxin
fender mustanf trade in for 2006 gibson sg with $200 dollars   idk if i should do it   
"last week was the shit hella fun, hella crazy  time to step my game up"
hard time selling the mustang   
guilt is a bitch and pgs
"anyone looking to buy a new guitar hit me up i got a japanese fender mustang really new  im sellin it for 850, tell ur friends if ur momz, cuzns, babies, etc "
doobie at my elementary school  reminscin about the simple times and the fun times
found a singer    
thank you god  godess  or titan  for giving this earth weeeeeeed  happy 420 one love
is these shit load of clouds means god just took a fat hit
fuccccccck  gotta work
3 chicken <propfemale> fes in one shift   i really did need tht 
goin back to school
errrr no emals yet for the mustang   maybe consignment will help   
its a fuckin nice day today  whos down to shoot or play some tennis?
pickup shopping
aph-1 or jazz model sh-2? fuck this is a hard decision
goin with the sh-2  my tele is about to sound dope
<propmale> improvement in my playing over the last week  life is great
today is about to b another dope day
lunch wit mom
choco bananos!!!!!!!  laugh !!!!!
jaimaican hot box succesful  being stealthy epic fail 
need my lady brown
kikin it with the old gs with some pupusas 
spttin lyrics
c'est la vie
legit day
"kinda beat already today, and i still have to workout, gonna b an exhausting day today"
workpout for the day   swim laps and abs 
loks like im going srjc
feelin tired  yet refreshed 
<propfirst> brown just ruinded telecasters for me 
is becoming addicted to tea now    
boy do afghan people have beautiful eyes
ready steady go!!!
"nigga nite, with bacardi 151, purps, homies, and scary movie"
haha starbucks is now playing vampire weekend dope shit
vamps tickets must b bought!
hahaha dope night
"whoa, yesterday was pretty insane"
ants to go to j town   right now!
k a z 
devil side
"if i have a gf when the world cup comes, and she says cristiano ronaldo is hott, keep note, u will automatically get a smack on the <propfemale>, and u will then b asked to bring me a beer   laugh "
officially got my tickets  joyful  super stoked for october 3rd
thought it was gonna b a lazy friday  fuck this day is about to b intense gotta bring my a game baby
is set  just got my loop pedal  with a humbucker and distortion pedal on the way  and even got some customers asking when the band is gonna play a live soon  guess for every down is an up!  laugh 
fml i cant find my jar!
wants to be edorsed one day   
i call up my friend the good angel
"i really wish someone came over and just kiked it with me sippin whiskey, smokin js and watchin hella funy movies while eating hot pockets "
"get stoned today, tomorrow relax and spend some qualtiy time with my little brother  smile "
"super washed, super hungover  but to make this day better i got carne asada"
is playin soccer with my lil bro
looks like im getting an sg
20 more days    can you feel the hybrid rainbow?
you know summer is here when ur walking around in your boxers at 330 am
"damn, tele is buzzin again   stupid high e string"
"wonders how my touch and passing is related to my success and vision in life, ha my dad is so childish"
"hella tired, good workout today"
ha playin pajama <propfirst>
who wants to go on a hike?
"its better to be hated for what you are, than to be loved for what you're not"
such a wrap  this day really isnt going according to plan  time to light a bleezy 
there goes my hero
just wrote an intro for a song about arizona 
fauxhawk?
affirmation
"i may not have the best technique, but i do have great knowledge and soul"
gotta big decision coming up
trippy dream    reaaaaallly tripppy
i hope one day <propmale> rooney takes out cristiano ronaldos legs one day   hope tht happens this time in south africa
damn everyone is busy on a saturday afternoon
fillmore=hott chicks
j town made the day
just touched lars ulrichs drum set
block partyyyyy
nice weekend off
"monday  its a good monday, got a fat smile on my face"
its just simple and clean
smile upon this day
faded lyrics
triple wreck came in
its easy breezy
"gonan have to cut smoking, its getting hela e playful emsive"
jesus christ san <propmale> district! taking away pepe gonzales from principle w o giving the people a reason?! the latino community was getting better and now ur tearing us down  the ppl will fight for their education 
wat a day
"rpg's   love em cuz u always do ownage, hate em cuz when u lose and forget to to save when uve gotten hella far  u just get hella pissed"
skies of arcadia
ught tired from wrk  now i gotta walk home aand hella hungry
was it me? or did hella pretty ass girls walk in to bux yesterday?
"wattcihng my little brother play legend of <propfemale> a link to the past, hes learning well"
needs to get rid of this weed   
it dont mean a thing if it aint got that swing
cant sleep and work at 715 uh oh
well im gonna b up for 24' hours today    fuck
sometimes things are just better not to b known
rain and bossa <propfemale>
"too much video games, thanks a lot rainy day"
"its  funny, you prove ur dad wrong, and he calls u fucking retarded, it just makes him look retarded cuz he just got told out by his son   politely too  fuck yea cant touch this"
total ownage  laugh 
chillin at work signin nirvana
"cant chose, dimarzio or <propmale> <propmale>  damn"
last amour
"one more day, definately the las dinosaur"
first lesson tiday with <propfirst> mulvey   hella scared
damn its still early hella wanna kik it
"this itty bitty last bit of purple, must go, but    i really want it to go now"
"sometimes, i really fail, and it takes me a while to notice  annoyed "
"just woke up, just had the best three dreams of my lifw  laugh "
goodbye fender mustang    
425 dollars in my pocket <propfemale>! but i cant reach it cuz i burnt my hand reallt bad
"funyn how when u think no one can help you, someone ends up knowing the struggle u had, and puts a out a helping hand   it made my day"
is fiendin wayy to hard right now
saturday is gonna b a shitty day  annoyed 
"its esspresso, not e playful resso, u fuckin tard"
"fur realz tho, quit being a fan of long ass shit, its fucking annoyinh"
feelin the hybrid rainbow
off to the pillows concert  laugh 
at the pillows line in sf  pretty small line
chords inside my body
"today   i got to touch a god  i had a god stage dive on me, i grabbed his leg, he nodded at me he looked at me  i threw my pick at the other god    he used it to end his godly encore with the last dinosaurs  i am currntly in my bed  layin shocked stunned and in awe  drinking the water tht the gods used in their performance (yes i took it from stage)  today   was a godly day  nuff said "
what a night  last day smoking  just woke up     damn
margaritas for breakfast dooooppee
anyone trying to buy a guitar let me know i got one for sale
is cruisin with some old school
writing a new song
ooo lady u got the love i need  maybe more than enough
is officially going back to college as a full time student
<propfirst> carlin is fuckin hilarious!
this jazz book is fuckin insane
"ohh shit, the workout yesterday is hitting me so hard right now, i have no clue how i gonna work farmers"
"plz rain ,plz rain, plz rain, plz rain!"
needs an overdrive pedal
"it sucks when someone had actual talent, and then they loose it because of drugs, such a shame"
ibanez ts9dx
fuck i wont b able to watch the fight tomorrow  sad 
im just gonna fuckin fingert it dude  its just so much easier  -my bassist-
no quero trabajar
so a girl came in and had problem with the internet  the bitch was hella flirty and asked if i wanted a titty flash for 20 bucks  then asked if she could get a job here   damn this is our future <propfemale>  oh she was blonde too  lolololol
smokin a cuban
bitches brew
curly fries
super tired from work
got the fulltone ocd
"my day off, gotta enjoy it while it lasts"
just wrote a new song
really wants a long board
it takes two credits t play a led zepplin song but one for guns and roses lololo
man i swear it was yesterday when i was changing his dipers
"so south korea waged war on north korea, it doenst matter cuz korea is gonna win  laugh "
2 more pedals and im set for a pedal board
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can i take ur order?
i feel really sorry for <propfemale> kids
whoa! its staurday?
if theres time to <propfemale> theres time to c<propfemale>
no more spending   
so should conservatives <propfemale> obama because he didnt show his birth certificate?
bitch fight at down town dope shit hahah
woooooot!!!!!
yesterday    was dope!
wrold cup comin soon   
"if u see sensei at pornographic store, you dont say konnichiwa - shiouta sensei"
hopin tht jaguar hh comes in tomorrow
fuck im fienin hard right now
hope this singer decides to stay  annoyed 
"its already a rough week, i can get through this though"
wham bam thankyou mam
wow whale wars is really retarded
"thoughts and ppls decisions running through my mind, oh my, oh my"
guess <propmale> schon decided to drop into bananas
hates waiting
really wants to jam right now
"rewrite,rewrite,rewrite"
saw splice(drunk) d-
ole ole ole!
"ahhhh the continuous arguments over fb about the world cup, oh how i love it  laugh "
messi plz make a goa
now how do i write lyrics?
"every single time i download music, i loose my i pod connector"
im feelin jazzy today
wow bitch ur a sad sad lady 
ust got raped by the long <propmale> of the loop
north korea!
front posted
theres a new path im going for
<propfemale> i hope you destroy mexico
tired of waiting
fuck mexico
"well the coach is retarded <propfirst> must b pissed, now im pissed, mexicans think theyre the shit but theyre not  fuck this day"
<propfirst> <propfemale> was dope so was the karate kid
<propfemale>
is it me? or have the undersogs in the world cup been winning?
i think its time to show lil bro some music
thank you  smile 
quebraron elano jajajajajaja
cagaron <propmale> kaka jajajaja
just found my bible in a dvd box set!!!!
deserves the day off tomorrow
thinkin of getting my ears pierced again
"hate frapuccinos, miss lattes"
missin toonami right now
bp anyone?
5 hours till work  fo fuckin sho  laugh 
learned a lot about this glob<propmale> warming crap  damn u <propmale> gore
total fml moment today
need someone to go to sf wit me tommorrow
 laugh 
stuck in j town all bymyself
wtf boa?! where are my 500 dollars%!
i am my own best teacher
bradely wtf r u doing?!
tht was a goal  god damnit
who the hell eats bagels with butter?
mess  is about to scrape
thanks <propfemale>  never fails to dissapoint
maxin' n' relaxin'
could use a beer right about now
gmail kicks ass!
finally home from a long ass placement test 
the beat laments the world
super happy asian techno  laugh 
time for a haircut
is not getting his jaguar till august  this just kinda ruins my day
i can feel the wind on my head
nothin taste good like mels
really wants a big muff
"no longer needs anymore pedals thanks to the line 6 mm4, but i could use a wah"
great job <propfemale> magno! for a great close with a semi slow barista!
how emberassing <propfemale>
its all on you holland!
wants a tattoo
why is it tht every fender cyclone i find happens to be in an ugly color?! pleae fender make a reissue of the cyclone!
u guys spending money on the fair while im chillin on the beach
could use a nice cold glass of <propmale> <propmale> milk
fuck these contacts i cant put them on
"off to the studio to reherse with <propmale> cortegana, and <propfirst> sedgwick "
why am i missing this game???
galileo galileo
wowwwwwww fml sooo bad
you gotta feel that beat
"black fender cyclone for 300 used in stockton, fuck yea!"
"writing new song, title: brother"
"slept in, now i got work in 4 hours "
whoooos that laaady? seeexxxyyyy laaaaadyyy
stupid hippies
worked overtime laugh eserved blunt
que <propfemale> ethpana! jajajaja
im getting fat noooooo!
hurt his thumb  crying 
off to the studio
yesss im <propmale> set to be a full time student no more problems fuck yea!
ur with ur man so y u lookin at me?
whoa!
wo whats a good vox amp?
next amp im gettin down the line  ac 30 cc2x
you know u work too much when someone asks u for ur social security number and u give them ur starbucks partner <propfirst> instead
ur the only exception
forgot how much i loved u2
im either just bored right now or just really so i dont give a fuck 
coffee makes me angry  tea makes me happy
"setting up my ghetto recording shit at home, hope it records somewhat decently"
"so my mic stand and mic is missing, im back to being pissed"
thinkin about learning the drums
ok <propfemale> its about time we get a wal mart
too tired for this
love addict
"fuck windwaker, i forgot how frustrating it gets"
really wants to play video games
"dope shit, jazz appreciation is a ge for srjc"
finally enrolled to srjc
<propfirst> johsnons to the sea is dissapointing
<propfemale> white is such a g
"dear dr strings, you suck, strings should not break after two days"
diggin the weather
i want a girl whod rather have an x box over a jewlery box
my iron lung
what a legit shift
im so bad
what a legit shift
qasa in town again?! fml
home alone this weekend? hahahah time ot call the niggas over
<propfirst> trujillio has by far the best thizz face
gay asian ppl r just hilarious
what a night 
im beneath the surface
doctor segura and doctor lam are bad ass doctors
"so its finalized, the truck is mine, all i have to do is put a new sound system in it with xm radio and im set"
whoa the early l arc en ciel had  a little touch of visual kei   
"people have been postin funny shit lately, hella makin my morning"
fuckin megaman 2 this shit is so hard
it feels like a monday
jesus christ i beliieeeve youuu!
beast
bored as fuck
got bored so now im playing soccer so i know im gonna come back hurt fml
revolution
takin a break from rock and hittin the jazz up
its about to be a shitty shift
"so this guy came into s bux and his name was <propfirst>, i asked him if he liked his neighbors ionian and phrygian  he gave me  a blank stare and left  jeez    "
"home from work and mom has bagel bites ready, oh how i love u mommy"
one gram = 60 bucks? fuck tht!
"anyone looking to buy a multi-effects pedal hit me up i have a line 6 mm4 for sale for 175 mint condition, these usually go for 280  also if you need a distorion fuzz pedal i have one for sale also for 185 the wampler triple wreck  hit me up if youre interested"
there are some mean people on youtube
"so this guy came into bux with a 100 dollar <propmale>  told thr guy i can only give change in 5 and ones  he got hella pissed and yelled at me, gave a wink to his daughter  dad seemed pissed daughter seemed happy"
guitar show? i think so
yea fuck the triple wreck and the mm4 its all about the aqua puss
fuck this day
gettin my truck soon!
25 reasons to worship ninja warrior
stuck between the time machine and the aquapuss
12 kingdoms and italian soda
think im gonna go with the vox time machine
fuck why do i jave to open tommorrow again?!
fuckin <propfirst> jett
im so tired i have bags under my bags   fuck!
love this weather
cockiness growing within me
why do bfs bring their gf to guitar center?
real madrid game tomorrow!!!1 but work at 6 am
prop 8 is finally considere unconstitutional    fuck yea!!!!!
off to the real madrid game
watching iker casillas warm up
"dope game, i called cristiano ronaldo a faggot"
"ive had a long day, night bitches"
"its my day off, now what to do   "
achtung!
why are girls calling my house asking for my little brother?
so out of shape
cant go wrong with a small clone
sticking with d`addarios  fuck <propmale> ball and fuck dr
time to shop for a pedalboard
fuck friday night closes
nujabes    whyyyyy?! why did u have to die?!
i make a pretty mean capuccino
fuckin electro harmonix can suck one  my pedal didnt last one fuckin day
lost a pedal   but have a pedalboard     
its just not my day
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo <propfemale> watson nooooooooooo ur not hott anymore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love my bandmates
oh how i love my niggas
slutty bitches in post feminist <propfemale>
watchin the boondocks before i open leeeegit
the time machine is here! now time to go into a different dimension
megurine luka is the shiiiieeet!
just got my jaguar  laugh 
ill let the smashing pumpkins clear my head of all this shit
i need a ps3
haha i really cant dance lol
"alright, heres how it goes bitches, inception, lenardo di caprio was still in a dream, if you notice, he never wears his wedding ring outside of dreams, but when he's in one he has it on, at then end if you notice, hes has a ring on, totally dreaming "
cant trust a bitch
damn u <propmale> whyd u let me have a cigarette!
i could use a bacon latte every morning
im a g with cougars
i dropped my icecream cone!  confidential 
theres a meteor shower    i dont give a fuck
legit jam sesh!
"mmo's drain my life, i lost complete track of time!"
4am is way too early for saturday
finally off work!
"since its my last free saturday, im thinkin the club is the best way to go before school"
i miss working at daycare
red 6 standing by
there aint shit to do
too many memories with this telecaster
fml is this really my saturday night?!
vox wah vs crybaby classic
ready for school!
i need to learn how to dance
ended my summer with an awesome man movie tht was ridiculously hilarious  sorry shosh u had to see it  had a hella fun night
hahah fuck com srjc is soooo legit!
sick on my first day   and work tomorrow at 6am
why do i get bored so easily?
m feeling a little but better now! thanks <propmale> a luck! i owe ya so much!
fooood coma ughhhh
books are retarded
"got all my textbooks, at the price of a paycheck  sad "
"alright 3 5 hours till my next class, lets do some hw!"
"im getting fat, time to work out before i go to bed fro my 4 am shift"
"if there is one thing i learned, is dont fuck with old people!"
kids these days complain too much
we had some memories in the back of your car- jahlise
people who graffiti are assholes
i remember when smoking weed was fun   sigh   
my setup is complete!
grrrr someone took the last chicken <propfemale> <propfemale>! xo
all shifts are am shifts next week  hrmmmm
"i hate d flat, but i love c sharp"
the spy next door was a hilarious movie  cant go wrong with a movie with <propfirst> cham <propfirst> lopez and <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>
some bossanova on the gg bridge right before rehersal  so nice ahh
"its global warming! its 83 degrees outside! on a mid july! were gonna die    stfu! a hot day is 115 degrees, quit whining"
i thik im gona play sonic all semester
"im listening to a kid who wants to do reflexology because he thinks that it can help peoples health, and thinks medecine sucks, lmao!"
"yes 36 sec out of 2 <propfemale> and 47 sec, this is gonna be a long guitar sesh"
finally i have my own medical insurance!
gotta loose weight   hello salad ugh
"just saw the manabe's pedalboard from the pillows, i question why he has marijuana stickers all over his pedals   "
"oh ke$sha, why r u with a hott french girl?"
bidding on ebay rocks!
loves getting things cheaper on ebay especially if its 60% cheaper  joyful 
ya me estoy cansando de levantarme a las 4 de la manana cada <propfemale>
my lil bro is rockin air forces to school 
home made kazoku
"so i guess the actual legit team tht isnt a shitty neighborhood won today, niners, sf>oakland"
need new kix
i wonder whats gonna happen to polar bears? will they adapt to full time aquatic existence  move south and become smaller brown bears  or extinct  fuck i wish i could live long enought to know!
first day playing keeper in a while   wish me luck!
"fuck, only less than a month and were still fucked! why does everyone have to flake?"
got a b on my anthropology essay  gotta keep that up
mxr phase 90 or boss ph-3? or install my new pickups on my jag? oh the possibilites
customers who come in to play wow are hilarious
sincerely
gotta keep my head up
whoa whoa calm the fuck down media! <propfirst> beiber can not and will not compare to <propfirst> <propmale>  pfffft whos the better singer? muckin mj of course not some retarded little white boy with no talent
some dude offered me to join his band and go on tour with him      sounds shady
really hyper in geolog class lolololol
omg! peets coffee is like crack!
"no more talking in class, i got an email from my teacher tht i was too loud"
"first think i saw in the bridge was some codl ass heineken and some corona, i think i'll go with corona"
there is no reason to love
hella statuses saying lil <propmale> and drake is the shit    sigh   
#1 stolen book in the world     the bible    lmao i dont think jesus likes tht  laugh 
time to tan  laugh 
so many heads tryin to audition for the band  laugh 
<propfirst> got her ass kicked!
subway ladoies r so nice  when i get extra mean they dont charge me!
sigh    
stressss
grumpy morning
house to myself for the weekend
ohh how i love the russian big muff
what a night!
"peace can only be attainable by war and bloodshed, but peace never lasts"
ppl tht dont drink are weeeeeeniies
ninja warrior for women is equavilent to the wnba      boring
hw time
male bonding yeaaa!
bank of <propfemale> can suck it  i deposited my check on saturday its tuesday and the money still aint there  im done with it  wells fargo maybe?
<propmale> cortegana 300000 <propmale> yeaaaaaaa¡
igotta step my game up in anthclass
pedal addiction takes a toll on your wallet  crying 
this sucks
cant wait to go back to bed
is working at strawberry next week? hrmmm
i find it rather disgusting that we have to have scientists research the gay <propfirst> just so there is a <propmale> that gays can have an equal life   its just stupid  they deserve their rights by acceptance not by research
hrmm cowboy bebop live action?
so ghandi was a whore and hated black people? the recordings prove  it
i feel the holy spirit inside me!! boogawoogawoogawoooga ahfnudmerisdmemrid!
ditch class on monday? or go see <propmale> lopes rodriguez live? fffffffuuuuccccckkkk!
id rather have no one ask me for my number than little tween  fmlfl
"after a hard day at work, i will be getting drunk with my friends and going to the club  yea sounds like a legit saturday night to me, anyone else whos down hit me up"
freestylin
soccer game soon    uh oh
"i have some faith in kids today, i saw two kids selling lemonade  like they used to when i was little, oh how i miss those lemonade stands"
eye want my eyebrow pierced
fuck you one manga! i cant read my manga!
wow women really cant drive
any photographers out there interested in taking some pics for a band let me know  at 913-8614
soulja boy please stop texting me
"so if ur geology teacher is a <propmale> in hydrology, dont take tht class, chances she sucks at geology"
srjc has a back to school cupon for a smoke shop! leeegit
hyde and jekyll is on my pedalboard yesh  i think im set now
oh mcdonalds  we cant be friends
happy anniversary pillows!
poor vinney  dont worry i feel ya bro
ppl are assholes on yelp 
love my fellow partners  u all looked so amazing erryday  glad to have all of u guys and girls in my life
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=guqg6hvwea0&feature=related\perfect song for right now   cloudy and hw"
fuckin jury duty
workin at strawbeerry plaza
this store is so weird    i miss 4th and a
need some gk training
my parents are weird
"internet fixed, hoohaha!"
"open tomorrow, then at the studio fr 6 hours    its gonna be a long day   "
is too nervous    cant sleep
its fuckin beautiful in here
recording done   oh shit im broke now  annoyed 
could use a burger right now
"i decided to take a week off school, its safe to say ive gotten lazy  smile "
angelina   ur so hott  such a bitch such a whore  idk if i like u or hate u    
tiiired! im in the mood t watch some euerka7 when i get back home  smile 
i think <propfemale> grey is a regular at s bux    score lol
ohh renton thurston how  i miss youre childish self
just saw the season finale of supernatural 5th season
ahhh i love tea crahses
too broke to buy cigarettes  sad 
i love zelda   cant wait for the new game to come
blues driver
"if i wanted to hear from an ass, id just fart bitch!"
i wonder if the still have those lunchable mega packs? let the hunt begin  smile 
just skyped with my friend kazuya! it was hella fun!
"im cute, not a player, so say hi"
"dope ass workout, alright lets see if i can maintain this"
hrmm? im not that sore
fly away
i have a feeling im gonna be making a lot of frapuccinos today   sigh   
saw a vamps poster at my work   sorry hyde and kaz  its mine now  smile 
wow   my shift got really fucked over   asshole
apparently to an old friend i saw tonight   ive gotten yoked since hs? 0 o
im gonan need a bigger pedal board i think    
"vamps's website had 12 confirmed guests for their 2009 us tour, now they have 349 this year    i gotta get there 4 hrs early then"
"wow im having so much fun watching easy a with my cool friend nando, that we got in for free! i feel like im missing something   but i dont care   this is the best day eveerrrrr!!"
im drunk whatssuup bittches!!
love how <propmale> schon is just chilllin around downtown san <propmale>
made my decision   when i turn 21 i am going to bartender school to be a bartender 
electro harmonix small clone vs  boss chorus ensemble
gotta get back on my anime fiending  hrmmm maybe subscribe back to newtype magazing
<propfemale> is gone! yeshhhh  smile 
"anyone interested in buying a really nice chorus pedal(ehx small clone) the one <propmale> cobain used for nevermind i am selling it for 75 dollars or trade for another pedal   preferably distortion pedal, but hit me up if youre interested"
im getting addicted to the gym
"weird, us tested std's on guatemalan people to test the effictivness of penecilin in 1940   so were apologizing? lol"
smpkin  a cig to <propmale> guy
ii just commited carbicide
taiyou no manaka he
"were just kids coming here to play! up all night, were sleeping all day! we need a fix but cant go the store! the gig is sex! and bloods our liqour!"
fuuuuck 3 hours till the show and theres already a line around the block
there is no one interesting in this line     no one to tlk to  sad 
i cant walk   my shirt is soaked in sweat    i grinded on hella girls    its safe to say i rocked out pretty hard today
maybe i should be a cop
whats wrong wit you! youre supposed to be a smart phone not a stupid phone - <propfirst> magana
i was sweeping at work and this kind old lady said im a good handsome sweeper  she asked if i can sweep at her house lol
why is everyone posting where they like it?
work till 1215 am on tuesday?     ack!
study shows americans get more exercise while drunk
nothin to do tonight    sigh    
man i miss <propmale> bonds
school of rumble   love the shibuya kei ending theme 
i really need a vacation
"no rain, no rainbow"
"i used to like the color green, but now its a stupid color for the enviorment and hippies"
ice cream with my little bro
"oh fender mustang, why did i sell you? now im going to have to re buy you"
gtl!
"hatsune miku's guitar parts are awesome, maybe i should learn a couple things from her music"
dear tweakers  dont come to starbucls to snort coke because i am a fucking eagle i can see you  and i will bust you and i will take you down  you dont deserve to live  go die or ill be forced to make that upon you
"my life is over   im officially taking one a day mens because doc says i need more vitamins \ hence why ive been sick and exhausted"
"man i miss melee, anyone down to play some melee?"
"dear home boys, im not the situation, i will take the hit or grenade for you, im not an asshole"
"what an ending, eureka 7, what a masterpiece"
"apparently i was sleep walking this morning  i woke up around 430 am to my alarm, and i was getting dressed for work, mom said i didnt have work until 3 pm so i should go back to bed and sleep  so weird  annoyed "
why are all goth chicks fat?
"online poker, some coffee, with pj's on  yea id say winter has finally arrived  smile "
"im sorry english, i must drop you  sad "
did someoe just steal all the old boy movies from silver screen?
jupiter jazz
i was my little brothers tooth <propfemale> last night  smile 
aghhh off to the gym where i will repatedly torture my body so i can no longer feel bad about myself
<propfirst> wooten is going to be at bannanas lol  im only going if theyre giving away a free bass
goodbye anthropology    
"today im giving people purple nurples, for purple day"
looks like the kyojin won ^^
"does anyone know how to use an fx loop? apparently my amp has one, but im confused on how to use it  annoyed "
neko neko neko neko  smile 
snookie and that stupid crow
i always think i have it harder   then my parents tell me their stories  how ungrateful i am
my future relies on someone sitting on a desk   debating if were good or not   must have cigarette
heart of sword
"blu-ray samurai champloo, guatemalan coffee  with a blanket    legit"
the strikout was leeegit 
fuzz pedal or another distortion pedal?
"whats a good small mid size dog for a family? i was thinking a shiba inu, any other ideas?"
if it doesnt have 24 frets it is obselete
overtime   its a love hate thing
"damn you used to be ok lookin, but now u look hella fly!"
"5 <propfemale> till class, and im still in my pj's lol and class is a 20 <propfemale> drive"
what a good day to ditch class and write a song outdoors
linecum has had too much cum in his ass   wtf? i think well lose this one
why did i agree with <propmale> to buy a oija board   this is <propfemale> stupid
"no mom, please dont buy my little brother a squier"
the city of townsville   
paycheck tomorrow=buy a new pedal  smile 
why is my brother learning pre algebra at the age of 9?
"e9, bm(add9), e6, cmaj9, cm9"
who at my pupusas?!
duuuude clover coffee is soooo good! its worth the price!
men are like coolers  load em up with beer and you can take them anywhere
"congrats to my little brother for winning \best costume\"" i am so proud of you!"""
i think i will download all the <propfemale> musicals to my i pod
this is a lame ass halloween  sad 
"alas, this halloween night is over    boneless buffalo wings will hopefully make it better  annoyed "
whoop de doo the giants won the world series  now my post will be with the other same lame ass posts that has filled my home <propfemale> 
so whats up with prop 19?
so apparently my geology test is today    not next week    sigh   
how do i redeem myself?
traffic from that stupid parade    smh
must go to gym! im getting fat!
just ran the gg bridge   so awesome at night   but so tiring
open mic went well  we got an encore and people came up to us for our album  smile  good day
setting my clock an hour behind  its a good day to party tonite!
i need party friends  sad 
tremolo
kaskade and deadmau5 are a good combo
i could use an intense 4 hour poker match soon
missin my shortscale guitars  sad 
ohh tingle ur such a jew
i really dont see the  challenge of being a cheerleader -<propmale> cortegana-
people who say money isn't everything don't know the value of money
forgive me music god for i have sinned  i havent practiced my modes and scales nor music theory for 2 months  i promise i will practice them from now on   
i am going to have to become friends with the guitar grimiore whether i like it or not
i can only be patient for so long   
i really want to go fishing or snowboardingsoon
"shit sucks, i wont be able to go see my family in la during the holidays     sad "
"rock band 3 is retarded, you are not a guitarrist"
haha the new south park has a totoro scene  lol
cats on mars
downloading all the soundtracks from samurai champloo and cowboy bebop
so who`s down to go snwboarding in january?
wish i had a gf like <propfirst> pilgrim   
"off to bed, got work at 4 am, then i gotta do my geology hw"
dear ims    you are super duper retarded
according to the chronicle latinos are majority of students now  smile 
"live it up, you're only young once"
another failed night   it seems like i need to get out of <propfemale> and meet some people who really want to party
its laputa the floating island!
legit time hangin out with my band homies in the city
i want to live in mill valley
"blackstar amps  smile  thank you <propfirst> from bananas, this is why bananas local music store beats guitar center, i get legit advice, and not bs up-sell advice"
i wonder if s bux will let me get small guages?
"new hobo in town  this crazy lady said i attempted to grab her ankles, and if i do, the mighty archangel will come and stomp on me  my response should have been im sorry im jewish, maybe  i should have the <propfemale> of <propfirst> stomp on you're ankles  or i shoulda told her its not 1920, ankles isnt kinky anymore lol"
<propfirst> borlaug is a gift to this world  mad props to him much respect
<propmale> hail zanthia!
all hail zanthia!
samsara
damn whatsup with these dumb kids in capes in glasses? ughh im surrounded dumbasses
please don't jump
i need black ops
man the original greenpeace party was actually badass   nowadays its just a joke filled with naive upper-middle class hypocrites  or hippies
naked shuffle
japanese food comes in small portions but their beers come in quart sizes
thinking about going to academy of the arts in sf   
"so why are hot girls such bitches? a guy cant say hi how are you without getting mugged at or a <propmale> thrown at them, or being rude? especially if hes making youre coffee  its just a simple hi how are you  not a hey can i get your number  no wonder guys always hit and quit on you bitches"
driving between two asian drivers isnt a good idea   especially if one is driving a bus
distributing home made food to the workers who stand for work in the canal even on this holiday  the hardest workers deserve a little day off and gratitude
some merlot and some miller to wash down the turkey mash potatoes and pumpkin pie with fam
asian kung fu generation could use a us tour  smile 
so the meaning of life is shit happens? then i dont want to run from shit anymore 
ugh teenager please no makig out at starbucks!
damn <propfemale> is so addicting
its the real folk blues
damn madrid   its over
i love how im always late to class because im playing guitar too much
oooh half of my heart says this song is dumb
dont let religion blind you're vision
i love <propfemale> magno
tomorrow i am going to ninja salvage!
whatsup with everyone playing snake on fb?
yum yum yum yum yum delicioso!
melee vs  brawl 
fml my car died in the garage anyone wanna help me out i got a cable  annoyed \
the trifecta!
theres so namy cartoons i liek to put as my profile pic   ugh
every child is an artist  the problem is remaning an artist once we grow up  <propmale> picasso
awesome the bands music is being played on the university radios in el <propmale>
such a nice day in the city  smile 
"estoy cansado de mi trabajo, lo odio"
"# go fuck yourself\this game is stupid"
"i thought i would like pure nickel strings    but i really dont, sounds a little too twangy"
"hey i have tickets for our bands concert on january 16  its 10 dollars in advance 12 dollars at the door  if you buy a ticket from our band the closer we are to closing the show, which means a better <propmale> of winning the battle of the bands  hit me up if youre interested"
when no one is willing to support me i'll just support myself
hyde and kaz are going to appear in bakuman!
why are black people so good at music?!
are the holidays over yet?
there is nothing wrong with day dream  generations transitions  i guess someone doesnt know shit about music  
"theres always that one person that you look up to, that inspires you, sometimes you want to be that person sooooo bad, but you must try to be as good as the person you look up to, or else that is just a waste of yourself "
<propmale> clinton   such a g
shiouta sensei is back!
i wanna go up to mt <propfemale> right now   anyone down?
alright lets get this week over with  annoyed 
its been a while since ive read a good book   any suggestions?
everything is bigger in texas
"im sellin gmy fender passport 150 mic system with boomstand, mic, and monster cable  gor 550 let me know if youre interested"
finally had a good shift today  thanks everyone  smile 
time to get my fender mustang back  smile 
my mom is awesome! after a workout my mom has mashed potatoes and steak ready for me when i get home! best mom ever!
one day i want to perform at the budokan dx
wtf?! i cant learn to haul shit until my trial period is over?! fuck you <propfemale>!
fake plastic trees
<propfemale> moms need to get their sticks out of their vaginas
"im stuck between my next guitar purchase  fender cyclone, fender 69' mustang, fender jazzmaster, or  gibson marauder     ugh what to chose?!"
sincerely nujabes
sighhhhh  annoyed \
i was at in n out  saw one of my exes  a girl i had a small fling with  and my hs crush  boy im glad i got over them  they downgraded a lot   not to mention they were all stoned  ha bitches i win
whats a fox doing in <propfemale> <propfemale>?
peets tea is dope
anyone know how to make music videos?
"shaving the burns and the goatee\  it was fun having the   annoyed \"
about time <propmale> has my debit card  now i can play <propfemale> online now!
damn  im in love with capos
you know its almost x mas when the smell of tamales and chuchitos are in your house
alright lets get this holiday over with  and please lets get the shitty x mas music over with
"my little brother is almost 10, so when should i tell him that <propfemale> is not real?"
x mas present was able to see my brothers smile when he saw that i got him sonic colors  so happy  im happy
"had some merlot, and some chardannay before i ended my x mas  so happy to see my family and friends  woulda had more to drink if i didnt have work tomorrow ughhh!"
"wow, cant you keep a conversation?!"
har har har har!
i didnt know you can view some youtube videos in 720p -_-
love is in the air
my little brother making a 50 dollar donation to a hungry kid in <propfemale> where he will be fed lunch for a year because of my brothers donation  damn
shut my mouth and strike the demon  curse you and your reason 
kikin it with the fam in la  aint nothin better than this
freedom is invisible
home  smile 
lol= live out loud
i knew i could never trust you
whats a good car that i can drift on? trying to buy a new car
today i broke my  tennis racket   i was really really angry
should i take jazz appretiate?
why are there so manly cancelled classes at srjc?
i need an mp3 converter    
question: is a 2x12 30 watt amp louder than  1x12 40 watt amp? considering both amps are tube amps
ugh too many cigs=sore throat!
"just the two of us, we can make it if we try!"
trade my tele for an electric acoustic? yamaha?
so youre telling me kaiser doesnt cover my glasses? then who the fuck does?! wtf starbucks?! i thought you had great benefits?!
off to cobb's comedy club! get my booze on while i hear some jokes!
beans and rice makes my life
wheres the love?
something smells rotten in the state of arizona
i miss playing basketball
<propfirst> <propmale> and green tea  smile 
"tomorrow   i will go back to life, work, school work, and music, sigh    the life of a struggling musician"
a girl worth fighting for?
im gonna reach for the start  even though they look pretty far
is going to be a coffee master? o o?
about to get my acoustic electric  laugh 
it always ends in just friends
trading instruments is like trading pokemon on a gameboy pocket
 smile 
faaack you fb! forcing me to change my profile! i will not!
so whats with this stupid zodiac thing changing and making a big deal out of?
its all good in the pueblo
i feel like a need booze and a cowboy hat   
"fuck paying a nerd to fix my i pod, i can just fix it myself  smile "
noooooo!!!!! i lost the screeewwws!
"i did not fix my i pod, i lost the screw to the headjack! ughhh so close! but now i know how it works    shit is so e playful ensive for such a cheap piece of shit"
there is noise coming from my rood  like scratching footseps  time to invest in a shotgun
i want a target in san <propmale>
job hunting
alright lets tear this show up!
"ive been teaching my brother how to fight, and he just clipped me with the old one-two!"
anyone down to watch some 40s movies with me?
ughh i have school today bleh!
trigun  smile 
"i must admit, chicano latino philosophy sounds kinda dumb"
"a relationship is like a blunt, if you burn it too fast it wont last, but if you take youre time to burn it slow, you will enjoy it more  smile "
do you remember that day? and the time goes by    i'm still alive now
i need a black strat   
school cash back for texts   super jew status
"family reunion at my work, while im working? huh   "
job offered at bananas? nice!
"so is it legal to smoke an e-cigarette inside a library, or a cafe?"
i must admit  <propfirst> brown music is really awesome  super jazzy!
man and i thought com paarking was horrible
some girls just wear too much makeup
whatsup with this big4? is this shit is true im driving my ass to go see it
my little brother just said hentai in his sleep    oh no   please hes still my innocent little adorable brother!
"when in doubt, pinky out"
just finished recording  time to munch on some curry after an 8 hour recording sesh
"had only 2 hours of sleep on thursday\  followed by an 8 hour recording session  then got 4 hours of sleep to get to work at 4am    aye aye aye! i need a lifestyle change!"
"sleep deprived, extremely tired, grumpy, this is what shitty hours do to you   "
gotta love brownies and milk
i can see you!!!
tl sucks   my son daughter will be going to sr fuck that
<propfemale> du lacht   
"i eat way too much junk food, ugh time to make better choices"
st st st st st stuuuuuuuuuuuttter  lol!
all hail the fonz! eyyyyyyyyyyy -_^
singing la bamba with my homiiiees in sf
i love orange!
"oh grandma guess who i saw on the way???\jeeesus??!!\no mama i saw <propmale>!"
alrighty anyone wanna lend me 3k?
ramones power hour  smile 
everyone has allergies! hello spring!
stereo vs mono
nature is a whore
im still trying to figure out how coffee is romantic   such bs cafe <propfemale> lol
this is rockin roll wjdvnjugqierwfairofmaorieioom
"kikin it with old friends  reminicin, makin new friends taking pirate shot lolz"
owwwwwwwwww
ohh habibi!
eid milad sa'id!!!! inta wahashtini  smile 
lovely day in the city  some 91 1 and the duke 
"<propmale> cortegana and i just had a deep convo of the differernce between minor 7ths <propmale> 7ths and dominant 7ths    now were onto maj9, 6th, 7+9 chords    oh my how i miss my music theory"
gas prices soon to reach 5 bucks a gallon in 3 months?! faaaaaacckk!
"so apparently, in dk country returns, cranky kong speaks of a banana so sweet it takes you to another dimension o o     so i ate this amazingly sweet banana and its a trrip!"
in soviet russia pirozhki eats you!!!!!
big momma made the night
burn the bridges behind me so i can keep moving forward
my life is over    i dropped my curly fries dx
starbucks playing fantastic plastic machine??? say whaaaa!?
"me: what music should i put on?\\alexis: put <propfemale> jones\\me: i fuckin hate <propfemale> jones\alexis: balchoooooaaaah!!!\\wtf     ?"
creepy sbux chick needs to back off *shivers* ughhh
music is a business  not an <propmale> anymore  and will most likely remain 100 business for the years to come
yarr there be a storm e` brewin`     arrrrg!!!!!
time to start from scratch
bitter sweet  miss everyone at 4th and a  but stoked to have a better job  it felt as if i just got released to summer vacation   smile   deuces!!!
r i p nujabes  you will always be missed  thank you for inspiring my music and modal soul lol  your music helped me through my teen years  r i p
psychadelic music makers are faggggs  leave all that up to <propmale> lopez rodriguez  hes actually good
happy birthday <propmale>!
nooowwww immmmm looooosttt!
pizza orgasmica wasnt so orgasmica  they did fake it
yo yo yo matty b  tha` was dope son!
just cuz its made in <propfemale> doesnt mean it wont sound good
pes or fifa?
15-luv can you feel the love?
"i need 2 new amps, for stereo sound, anyone have any good ideas?"
my niggas always make my night  laugh 
anyone interested in buying a powered pedalboard for cheap let me know 
whatsup with all these chicks i know getting married and preggers?
its safe to say bebop will always be my favorite type of jazz
porno graffiti
gas strike just sounds plain retarded 
i need a pick me up
r i p madrina
stop trippin  the tsunami warning happens like 5x a year  and all we get is a tsunami the size of my dog 
i miss my 4th and a crew
nipple pierced!
pan <propfirst>  con frijoles con vrema y queso  jugo de naranja y cafe <propfemale>  yeah my typical breakfast
couldnt get past rule 1 so sad   perhaps one day   nah ur fucked
the new clock change is messing with my sleep  im not sleepy!!!
to the doushebag that tried to get away from hiting my car   i am and will be enjoying the 1200 check issued to me from your insurance company  have fun with your monthly raises  smile 
swell day
why is the history channel so focused on the end of the world? its so stupid
"1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of \3  my first memory of you \4  the animal you remind me of \5  ask something i've always wondered about you \   6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname \8  challenge you to post this"
i dont have green anywhere in my closet!
cruise through downtown to <propmale> keys
blue alnico? or greenbacks?
today is the only day i wish it wasn't friday    i don't need a monotone hurt ass brunette to tell me this
"when things are looking bad i \up+b\"""""
"because of me  i think bananas is the only music store that plays asian <propfemale> fu generation, the pillows, l arc en ciel, ellengarden, gackt, utada hikaru, boa, do as infinity  damn right "
mmm you must work at subway because you just gave me a footlong
angel trip  laugh 
"you and i wake up in a police car together  using 4 words, what would you say to me?\note: if you comment, copy and paste this as your status so i can comment on yours as well"
lame ass day  annoyed 
i feel like a    hikikimori -_-
r i p truck  annoyed \
r i p truck  annoyed \
nigga night hahah
this voting crap is spamming my home <propfemale>     -____-
idk if i fell in love with the strat or the amp   i think the amp cuz i dont like strats o o
if i were a <propfemale>
if i were a <propfemale>
"bang on, stomp everybody "
kyo wa kirei desuyo
no stairway to heaven!
"i need to learn how to record my own music, this program shit and interphase shit is just confusing   "
finally got my home recording system going  now i can sample and make beats  yeshh  smile 
perfect day for bossa <propfemale>
who's down to play dungeons and dragons with me?
ahhh wtf?! bakuman is doing a season 2?! man why cant it keep on going d'x
what is this ominous light that threatens to engulf us?
perhaps i should upgrade to a 240sx    
god gave man 2 heads   but only enough blood to use 1
another show coming up   
"fuck i need a new amp! head and cab, 2 1x12 amps, or a dope ass twin reverb?"
safe to say im fucked
guess you cant really appreciate jazz in a classroom enviorment 
"maybe i should learn portugese, because people think im brazillian "
five guys food    really felt like five guys
wo qui non coin
i need a soccer <propmale>  willing to take shots on me  playful 
lame ass friday night   
you got koolaid but you got no sugar?! man what the hell is wrong with you?!
"when your glass is always empty, you will always view you glass half full from there on out "
"ghetto ppl on fb annoy me, especially when its always about them complaining about haters    "
rma!
just beat borderlands with felipe    the ending is lame
im gonna zapdos niggas!
exhaustion   
sweet  my job is closed on holidays sweeeet  laugh 
little <propmale> has a cell phone now    
i really hate car shopping  i just want my truck back     annoyed 
italia guitars ftw!
gigity!
youtube is hacked?
"<propfirst> smear, you look like such a boss now, you look so tough and badass, but   when you speak     -_-"
one day i wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice
perfect day for some outdoor sports  smile 
"just got my skb pedalboard  about to go pedal frenzy! anyone interested in small gator pedal board message me\!"
there goes my hero
fml!
bin ladded  is fuckin dead    sweet
"now that i think about it  we never caught him, he just died    wack job us"
i cant take malmsteen seriously   lolz
"?????????????\????????????\?????????????\??????????\\????????????\?????????????\??????????????????"
too late to say this   but may the fourth be with you  
kids are retarded these days
telepopmusik
please no stairway to heaven  k thanks
i really want to go to a radiohead concert    
"final fantasy vii advent children   so religious, so amazing  must find ps1 to play! dx"
