18851ccb211680fddb37fef95d7e260e
groceries!!
"hey katlyn  how is <propfemale> doing?, need any help let me know  bisjue has had four puppies now and they are adorable  hope all is well with mama  luv meme"
i just remembered    i can now officially drive again  praise jesus 
"i,m baaack and on my way to musc charleston, sc  monday, sept  19th  and then again on nov  3   looks like surgery may be after christmas  hey i can handle it for a few more months  anybody want to go to north <propfemale>!!???"
always try to be fair honest and kind!!
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines,yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no         crime, yet they crucified him     he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe this in your heart!!"
"sorry <propfirst> i must have missed you  i thought you were logged off! i got off to finish supper   now i am off to the lab again  see ya this afternoon maybe   love ya, aunt <propfemale>"
happy birthdy <propfemale> jones!!!
"copied from a friend's post    children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted  may i make a request to anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently "
god bless you <propfemale>  my prayers are with you 
happy birthday clemens orth!
"half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important  they don't mean to do harm-- but the harm does not interest them  or they do not see it, or they justify it because they are absorbed in the endless struggle to think well of themselves   -- t  s  eliot3"
"surgery, what else  please be thinking about me  god bless!!"
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall    in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven (<propfirst> 10 smile 3)  this is simple, if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this"
hey sug! (angie)you still look as pretty as ever  and aren't grands the most wonderful of god's gifts  other than our lord and savior?? i am going to write a letter as soon as i can sit at the puter long enough  give all my love to your family  btw we have to go somewhere out there close to you and may get to come and visit  <propmale> is checking out the maps  you are still in springdale?
"oh lord, our lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!!!!!"
