0e5b0fc2c582643cae2aa869863ec957
cannot wait for church tommarow!
happy father's day to all you hard working dads!!
"just got my hair cut    it looks bad  happy fathers day to everyone, especially god the father!!!"
tell me what you think of my hair!!
"off to work, hope this day goes well!"
my hair is annoying me!!
god is great!!
got my enternet back! yay
"i know that i'm not worthy to call upon your name all my life i've been a sinner and for that i am ashamed but i heard that you would listen, so i'm giving you my plea i am too unworthy lord to come to you, will you please come down to me?i know that ther"
paintball   can't wait!
vbs tonight    anticipationn! 
its my birthday    yay!!
thank you all for sayin happy birthday!!
ashleys birthday    woohoo! happy birthday sis!!
off to bed!! great week at vbs!!! god is great and  awesome and marvelous and  gracious and merciful and    
off to work! lets see what god can do today!
i need to change my job!! i think i'll pray about it first  
"off to school    i just wonder if it will be a good day!! everywhere i go i know that he is with me, everywhere i go, he's right there by my side  he is constantly cheering me pressing tward the victory  he is always leading me everywhere i go   "
chambers tommarow! i can't wait!
youth rally rocked! wonderin what god has for me now!!
"i might have a fractured bone in my wrist    curiosity has overtaken me!! through it all, god's been good!!"
"no broken bones!! praise god! he has made me glad, he has made me glad  i will rejoice for he has made me glad!!"
wondering what good can come of the current situation    o o)
i think that to day will be a bad day  why is there always bad days when you start the week   why does anything bad happen??
youth rally friday    woohoo!!
is very contemplative   *sigh* ^ ^)
"god's grace and mercy are awesome  it never ceases to amaze me how when we get away from god, he is really just that willing to take us back again!! he never left me though i turned my back on him   god is     (i'm speachless) ^ ^)"
old friend died last night  it didn't set in til just now that they are gone  the worst part is i have no clue if they were saved or not  i guess i will find out when i die  rip elvy!
"i should be goin to school tommarow, lord willing!!"
"can't wait til tomorrow, church   yay!"
"struggles , struggles, and oh would you look at that! more struggles  maybe i'll finally learn some patience   eh?"
the musical performance is tommorow!yikes  better get some sleep   
family fun nights!!i love em! woohoo
"back from tulsa and the t3 youth conference  it was life altering if you let it be  truth for today, testimony for tomorrow, and training for the future!!"
church is commin and i'm ready!! checkin out gowns too   time to have fun!!
god is good  there is no need to look for that in other places  he is the only one who can truly satisfy you and if you search for it elsewhere   u'll be sadly dissappointed 
"community service over spring break!! honestly, i don't mind too much  just ready to take what god has me do overcome next   i just keep trusting my lord as i walk along  i just keep trusting my lord, and he gives a song  though the storm clouds darken the sky, o'er the heavenly trail  i just keep trusting my lord  he will never fail!!"
"i need to get in sync with god and stop waistin time  look at the mess i've made  honestly, i don't know why anyone would care   but they do so that makes it both better and worse   sigh"
check out the video i was tagged in   super cute!!
let's see how forthcoming my facebook family & friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this could get interesting!!!
"5 days til my cell   6 days til i'm gone!! praise god, life is grand!!"
"   camp, 4 days   yay!! so much to do and so little time to do it in!!"
"man, you know when you are just do nothin when suddenly you have an epiphany   well that's what just happened to me only the epiphany was   'man, i sure am lazy!!' haha"
8 saved a camp his year   amazing preaching   amazing music    i'm just sad its all over  it our turn to bring it back to you all  praise god for he truly is great!8-)
"what a day that will be when my jesus i shall see  when i look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace  all is peace for ever more on that happy <propfemale> shore  what a day, glorious day, that will be!!"
"i'm out to prove that my friends will repost this, i \hope that i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a \statement!!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if\you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost \i'm not ashamed  i ? ? ?? you    jesus!!"
so i just encountered a catholic person at work and they tried to convert me   hehe  it was interesting   lol
is happy confused  i hope to see him at church tomorrow!
i'm truly happy! i can't hide it  if you know me you can tell  happy labor day to everyone and i pray you are just as happy as i am right now  have fun  smile 
"   it whatever, i guess   -_-"
"it's whatever, i guess  -_-"
youth rally here i come(smbt)!!
had a wonderful time last night!!!
is late for church again   but im glad that ill be there  i can't wait to see what god has in store for me today!
is having a disagreement the same as fighting??
no one talks to me on here anymore!
