f9209212ee8aa85d7b22f426050ff009
"who wants to shovel my driveway??  it's snowing all weekend, so, the schedule is wide open - sign up while there's still time"
"if you visit indianapolis check out the broad ripple district - i know , it sounds like a 1$ wine special, but, it's a really funky <propmale> district with great restaurants and shops along a canal - surprisingly cool"
"indiana wants me, lord i can't go back there - i wish i had you to talk to   "
one more week in indy
"is home for 2 days then going to huntsville, <propmale> for 3   resting and doing laundry"
"had some good catfish in huntsville, <propmale> last night - with hushpuppies!"
home again!!!  happy 4th of july weekend!!!
"i finally saw the movie <propfemale> trek   damn it, <propmale>, it was good!"
is planting petunias and some other deer repellent flowers today
is handing out free ibuprophen to anyone who wants to join the fun and help stack a half cord of wood tomorrow   spots are going fast so respond early 
firewood is stacked - i can't move without pain - other than that - life's good
do you call them lightning bugs or fire flies? i'm a lightning bug person -  grew up in pittsburgh
i dreamt i could moonwalk really well - it was great!
heading home today - can't wait!!! highlight of the trip was eating at <propmale>'s contrivance - yum
i'm home!!!  got home at about 1 surprise 0am due to the crazy weather yesterday along the east coast - yawn!
my suitcase finally made it to my house at 6 smile 0am - now that's customer service - only 2 5 days after i arrived  (note the very intense sarcasm)
we're headed to pittsburgh to visit my family   <propmale>'s first visit   smile  taking my dad to a pirate's game - beat 'em bucs!  aka the redsox' farm team 
we're having an outdoor group meeting today under a tent - not typical new england - should be fun - gotta love summah!
is taking her first sailing lesson tomorrow morning - weather is supposed to be great!
hot august day
"we had a good sailing lesson on saturday - it was a pretty good wind day, which made for fun sailing practice"
"sailed before tropical storm <propmale> hit new england - very good wind day - used the jib sail and got to \hike out \""  lots of fun!!"""
"is teaching project data analysis today - in my day back at the zoo, pda stood for something entirely different   smile "
"what a great weekend!!!  and for the record, yankees suck!!!  i had to get that off my chest "
is headed to baltimore tonight and will be back friday
home again   smile   and the steelers are 1-0 !!!
we saw the movie <propfemale> & <propfemale> this weekend   it's a good flick - i recommend it  steelers lost and i'm sad about that   sad 
it's a beautiful fall day!!!
capt sully sullenberger had a good day!!
go steelers!!!
go red sox!!!
"saw zombieland - good flick!!  funny, cute, a bit too gory, but, hey, it's a zombie flick"
<propmale> & i saw a pretty big fox on our walk this morning - that's why <propfemale> & i don't leave him unattended in the yard     not to mention hawks and owls   
this is the most beautiful time of year in new england - even our own neighborhood looks fabulous
"this weekend is the head of the <propfirst> regatta - weather is going to be pretty raw - typical for those poor rowers - i think they love it, though"
"will be spending the next 12 days in indianapolis   best part about it is that it's at the west edge of the time zone, so, it stays light about an hour later than new england - of course that means it doesn't get light in the morning until about an hour later, but, that's ok by me "
is back home in time for halloween  :-}
it's november already???
what a great november weekend!!!
"ok, steelers, i'm going to bed - please, when i wake up, i want to see \the steelers break the broncs!\"" as the headline in the sports <propfemale>  - current score is 14-10"""
is a happy steeler fan today   smile 
sesame street is 40 and the berlin wall came down 20 years ago   east germans who were growing up from 1969 to 1989 never saw <propmale> and the gang?  where were you in november 1989?
attended an event last night with the author of the girls come marching home  the book is a compilation of stories of service women returning home from iraq  her name is <propfemale> holmstedt and she also wrote band of sisters  two iraqi war vets were also there to tell their stories of time in country and once they returned  a very interesting evening 
is ticked because the steeler - bengals game is not going to be televized in the boston area - that's jacked!!!
four days until <propmale> gets knee surgery
wtf steelers????
happy thanksgiving!!
is thankful for my family 
thanks for all of your birthday wishes!!  life is good 
"woke up to about a foot of snow and still snowing   our little poodle is starting to figure out what \wicked hahd wintah\"" means   the cape and islands are getting blizzard conditions and new hampshire is hardly getting anything - those bastards!   smile """
is glad the days will start getting longer 
i've been doing without pizza since around july when i found out i have an alergy to yeast   <propfemale> made some yeast-free pizza dough and delicious topping last night and now 2010 is looking up   now if we can only make a yeast-free beer   
happy new year!!!
let's not talk about it
pink
"the roads were not yet cleared, so we walked there and back through the foot-high snowdrifts, feeling very much alive and in love "
my thoughts are with haiti - let's help
has tickets to see avatar this weekend 
wicked freakin' cold!!!
avatar was very cool   3d imax version is very intense 
"it's doppelgänger week   change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete) you've been told you look like   post this to your profile and pass it on!"
"is thankful the big storm is supposed to just give new england a glancing blow  but, feels for all of my family and friends in the direct path "
gay rights are human rights   please post this or a similar status line for at least one hour 
who 'dat gonna win the super bowl?  gotta go with the saints this year
geaux saints!!!
"for the next two weeks i'll have the olympic theme song running through my brain - baa baa ba da ba ba ba, ba ba-ba-ba ba ba ba ba da ba ba ba"
happy national engineers week!!!
downhill!!!
curling!!!
ski jumping - crazy peeps! - it looks like so much fun   you don't see many flying finns anymore - has the torch passed?
i read that in 2014 there might be women's ski jumping in the olympics - i was wondering why there wasn't - no real good reason - just oic decision
ok - ever since the opening ceremonies i'm obsessed with k d <propfemale>'s version of hallelujah - it's such a beautiful song
gold medal hockey game tonight!!!
earthquakes in chile and okinawa - let's hope they get through this ok
daylight savings time begins march 14th   smile 
damn!  i thought it was friday for a second - time to drive to tewksbury
this'll be a good weekend for taking <propmale> for a walk
saw shutter island yesterday - pretty good flick
"watched \precious\"" last night - wow! very good movie and <propfemale> definitely deserved the <propfirst>"""
just saw a duck rowing down the street
"today's game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence             pittsburgh, <propfemale> (go steelers)"
top o' the mornin' to ya!!!
let the sunshine in
"first day of spring, first time cooking on the grill this year - which is not the norm for new england - we usually still have lots o' snow - but, none this year  smile "
headed to <propfemale> tomorrow
"hi y'all -  <propfemale> <propfirst>'s restaurant was great -  i think the best keylime pie i've ever had   fried grits were awesome, too"
has walked through most of <propfemale>'s squares - how beautiful they are!  i love spanish moss covered trees and magnolias in bloom   going to tour mercer house tomorrow   also saw <propfemale> <propmale> low's birthplace (founder of the girlscouts)
"first concert you attended! you may find it interesting to know what your fb friends' first concert was  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at the end of this sentence  doobie brothers - mcnichols arena, <propmale>"
"headed to baltimore today for the week - actually fulton, md"
back home today    smile 
happy easter!!!
time to listen to <propmale> superstar  -  what's the buzz?
sox beat the yanks 9-7!!!  that's the way to start the season!
headed home tonight    smile   i miss my peeps!!
gee it's good to be back home again  (lyrics from an old song)  who was it    <propfirst> <propmale> i think??
"had a date night last night - dinner and the movie, \date night\"""""
taxes are done!!!
earth day's coming - time to clean up your neighborhood  -  woohoo!
my poodle won't leave me alone   apparently i'm his <propmale>
"patriots day, marathon monday, and a sox home game - a good day in boston, <propfemale>"
happy earth day - go hug a tree
at least the sox can beat the o's    smile 
grass seed needs some rain
sox sweep the jays!!!
celtics will be lucky to win a game against the cavs   sad 
it's may!!!   smile 
"celtics, bruins, and sox all won last night!  now    go pens!!"
feliz cinco de mayo!!  <propfemale> margaritas!!
sox take 3 in a row against the angels!  one more and it's a sweep!
"sun is out, birds are singing"
going to the sox game wed night   wakefield is pitching and weather is supposed to be kind of nasty   first fenway <propfirst> of the year    smile 
celtics win!!  unbelievable - knocked the cavs out of the play-offs
great celebratory day yesterday!  <propfemale> graduated from bu getting her msw   i am so proud of her accomplishments and happy that she's realizing her dreams!
"the red sox are killing me - why does it have to be against the evil team to the south?\but, in the mean time     go celtics!!!"
celtics win two in <propmale> - time to bring it back to the garden - go celts!!
season finale of grey's was very intense two hour drama - i'm exhausted!
can the celtics wrap it up against the magic tonight and head into the finals???
"celtics did not win last night, but, it's <propfemale> and hot, so, who cares?"
go celtics and red sox
happy 30 years to all my class of '80 classmates!!!
go celtics!  beat the     i assume it's going to be the lakers
come on celts!!  first game jitters   
headed to la for a couple of weeks - go celtics  i have my celtics cap and t-shirt just the celts win a couple
"what a great game - celtics win!!  well, that's one, at least"
two small earthquakes since i've been in la   the first i slept through and today we felt the second at work   kind of cool   i don't remember feeling any when i lived in ca and wa in the 80's 
celtics!!
celtics take game 5!!  come on - one more
shakin' but not bakin' in southern cal   more small quakes but temp only in the 70s
heading back home today   smile 
our day lillies are in full bloom and they paved our road - all this while i was gone for two weeks 
would rather be at the beach today
"this is <propfemale> vu all over again!!  i have a half cord of wood in my front yard to stack   \here we go "
4th of july weekend and the sox are tied with the yankees - looks like it might be a good second half of the season   smile 
hot enough for ya?
will be in pittsburgh next week visiting family - i'll have a permanti bros sandwich for <propfemale>   smile 
has wireless internet connection at my mom's condo!!  that was one of my missions and it was successful    smile 
"is headed home tomorrow - it was a good visit with my mom, friends, and family   it'll be great to be home, though "
everybody's working for the weekend
haircut day for <propmale>   smile   he has to get ready for the family reunion next weekend in pittsburgh
driving to pittsburgh - partying with 65 family members - driving home   smile 
"hazy, hot, and humid is way better than flippin' frigid and freezing"
what a beautiful day!!!
has tickets to tonight's rained out sox game -  i hope the make up game is in better weather (and early)
"i know it's almost the 27th, but, happy 90th anniversary 19th amendment!!!"
i'm glad we got the rain courtesy of <propmale> - now it's <propfemale>!!!
yard sale today!!!
steelers 2-0 - not a bad start to the season
yabba dabba do!!!
i like it on the ladder-back chair
"air force beat navy 14-6\go air force!!!"
"new carpet tomorrow means emptying book shelves, <propfemale> hutch, and disconnecting and moving all of the electronics today   dislike"
my 30 year reunion was a blast - i'm so glad i went and saw all of my wonderful friends - i love you guys!!
"will be watching the steelers dolphins at shark's cove in hermosa beach, ca tomorrow morning - go steelers!!!"
5 more days and home again
glee <propmale> horror picture show tonight - let's do the time warp again!!
celtics beat the heat - bwaaa-aaa-aaa
"happy halloween!  will be watching either, <propfirst> of the dead, hocus pocus, or the wizard of oz"
loves autumn - it's my favorite season
will the steelers beat the patriots on sunday night?  i say yes
onto the next topic      this game is ugly so far   sad 
it's snowing in <propmale>
ate at mezcal restaurant in <propmale> last night - bueno!!
had a great visit with <propmale> and <propfemale> spicer - thank you so much for your hospitality!!
happy thanksgiving week
"steelers won - hey, a win is a win"
new skill set: drained and flushed water heater this morning - maybe we shouldn't wait 8 years next time  smile   i was impressed that we didn't have a <propmale> catastrophe
"loves cornbread and green chile stuffing!!!   smile   happy, happy, joy, joy"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood   the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  *join the fight against child abuse*, copy & paste to your status and invite yourfriends to do the same! ? remember, do it for the children 2 hours ago · like · comment"
"unbelievable!  i woke up and the steelers beat the ravens last night   smile   happy, happy, joy, joy!!!"
"baby, it's cold outside"
thank you to everyone for your birthday wishes!!  i had a good day  smile 
"steeler game then patriots game - decorate the tree, too   how festive is that?"
first snow accumulation of the season - looks like we'll have a white christmas
"tried a scottish restaurant called the haven last night in jamaica plain  first time eating haggis and neeps, and sassitch and mash - everything was very good "
<propfemale> christmas!!   smile 
blizzard
holy shamoley!!! that was a hell of a storm!!
happy new year!!!
1 11 11
blizzard #2 of the season - this one is packing a heck of a punch
"whew!  what a game - but, we won   smile   go steelers!"
here we go!!
     and they're climbing the stairway to seven   
go steelers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
have to buy lunch for a packers fan today  indecision 
last wednesday <propfirst> had emergency surgery due to a twisted intestine  it's called midgut volvulus and malrotation  about 1 in 500 newborns have it  we caught it in time and <propfirst> is home with us again after 3 days in mass general hospital  the surgical team did a fantastic job saving our little guy  we're thankful to have the excellent medical facilities available here in boston 
i cannot describe how elated i am that the glacier in our back yard is finally receding   woo hoo!!!
top o the mornin to ya!
tomorrow the temperature in boston is supposed to go up to 67degrees f   people are going to be crazy - everyone out in shorts and t-shirts for a day before it goes back to the 40s  look out!!!
16 days until the red sox opener against the yankees   smile 
