9c3616893688ad8861d7c128ae697787
happy new year!
"i'm halfway to colorado!!! resting in twin falls, idaho right now  peace out bitches"
"in colorado now, warm sunshine and cool breezes "
it's been <propfemale> hot over here
"need   fresh   air    (sniff,sniff)   stupid skunk keeps spraying somewhere nearby, ugh"
i thought a cold front was supposed to come through here???
a refreshing mimosa is in order for today!
hope everyone has a safe and fun 4th of july!!!
blah blah blah today
moving home to be near family
"got a haircut and highlights today, pics coming soon!"
"road trip to louisiana begins tomorrow, ugh"
"in louisiana with the kiddos, humidity sucks here!!!"
i've had 2 interviews this week at the casino and have one more to go  wish me luck!
saw switchfoot and blue october in concert the other night!!!
enjoying the weekend after a very busy week running the roads
good morning to all!!! have a f'ing great monday  smile 
"i got the job at the casino, i start orientation next tuesday!!! hooray for me"
"to answer everyone's question  i am a server at <propfemale> buffet  i wanted to get my foot in the door (any door, lol) to ultimately go to dealer school and become a dealer "
"doing nothing today, been sick for 3 weeks now  the dr  said it was allergies, i think she is full of it"
"orientation tomorrow from 8am to 5 smile 0 pm, woot woot"
"i thought this last year couldn't get worse, think again  i was on the phone with <propfirst> and actually heard my other dog get hit by a car!!! wtf! that's the second dog this year, we had to put the other one down    waiting for news on this one"
"did day one of food and beverage orientation today, day 2 tomorow and then finally start training on monday, yipeeeeee"
"thanks to all for the birthday shoutouts! i'm spending the day with 2 sick girls, trying to get them to see a doctor today  peace out"
"well, madisyn has strep throat and <propfemale> was on her way to getting it  both have antibiotics and are feeling better already  work is going good, it's nice to bring home cash everyday "
"working, working, working  going to relax on my two days off"
"i have an upper respitatory infection, it super sucks"
"participated in the 3k breast cancer walk today, it felt good to do something for a good cause"
"so so day at work, frustrated with ungrateful, heifer bitches that eat for 3 fucking hours then don't tip"
"aaaaaaaaaaaah, i farkled 8 times in a row"
"minimum donation is $25, wtf  i accidentally posted the donation box  i don't e playful ect anyone to donate  i'm just walking with my team at work "
"forgot to set my alarm clock back lastnight, showed up for work an hour early, lol "
"my day off work       beautiful weather today and housework to do  sad   if i don't get my laundry done then i'm going to have to buy more underwear, lol "
worried about all my friends at ft  hood ! i hope all of you are safe and unharmed!!!
"back to work tomorrow, then 2 days off in a row, whew"
"working tomorrow, hope to make at least $300, happy thanksgiving everyone!!!"
i love <propmale>!!! missing you
snow heading to louisiana this weekend??? that would be nice
"snowing in louisiana, how about that! now it feels like christmas "
you'll never guess who i served today at work           
<propfirst> jones and his wife!!!
"hey ladies, i have quite a few farmville requests pending      what's going on???"
"please help me fill up my tree!!! i have 18 out of 100, send presents from the top row only  the back ground is highlighted green, other gifts like trees and animals don't count towards the christmas tree"
"wooohooooo, i'm halfway there!!! i have 51 out of 100 presents in my tree!!! keep em coming  i've sent 2 gifts out already today  i think you can send gifts every 4-6 hours  ofcourse i have more time on my hands cuz i've been off work, lol "
yippy!!! 70 out of 100 presents in my tree
"83 out of 100!!! almost there, thank you neighbors for helping!!"
"aaaaaah, only 5 more presents for my tree  smile "
"sweeeeeeet, i've gotten soooo many awesome gifts from my tree!!!"
"got off work at 4 smile 0 came home and took a nap, bout to eat christmas dinner  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!"
happy new year!
"well, time to go to work  hope everyone has a fun yet safe night! peace out bitchzzz  smile "
this year is goin to be my year to shine  laugh ! happy new year fb friends and family!!!
not taking any crap 2nite! if yur not gaming or have a tip in hand then no free drink from me!
"3 new friends, i am unable to send requests from cafe world on this account  i'm going to switch accounts and do it from there "
it's amazing how homewreckers stick together! i guess i shouldn't be surprised
they are efin everywhere you turn
"facebook, myspace, is there anywhere i can go that bitch isn't at???"
"i only need 2 more friends in one hour to raise my barn, plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz help!"
"waiting for divorce papers, how exciting! new year, new life, new me  now if i can find the time to actually go out and meet new people "
enjoying my time with <propmale>  i love you!!!!
i danced with a pickle in an elevator because i can 
"going to get a 1 1 2 hour massage this morning, aaaaaah  oh yea, it's friday!!! woot woot"
"aaaaaah, <propfemale> just performed for haiti  love her!"
"went to bed at 6 smile 0 last night, slept sooooooooooo good"
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease  children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance       93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour "
if you and i woke up in jail together    using only four words    what would you say to me? copy and paste this to your status and see what your friends say! (if you comment you must post    fair is fair!)
listening to sinead o connor this morning  hope everyone has a great weekend
"pink just put a beautiful performance, wow!"
"ooops, i forgot on  pink put on a beautiful performance"
"jeez, i haven't gotten to my farm or cafe  gonna upload some pics first!"
i've got a 21 yo hottie after me and i'm not running from him  wink 
"i need 4 more friends for my barn raising, find the link and help me plz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
annoyed with myspace and facebook!
"up way passed my bedtime, gotta hot date tomorrow  wink "
"bummed about having to cancel my plans, needed a night out but it doesn't do any good to drink when you have a killer headache before you leave the house "
who dat! who dat! who dat! who dat! who dat! go saints!!!
"go checkout my farm on farmville, i made it for the saints"
do not like this new set up facebook has changed to!!!!
f'ing ambushed at work today  wtf is going on???
i've never been unhappier with my employers as i am now(except you ms  <propfirst>) i don't even want to go to work tomorrow  sad 
staying home today  i have no <propfemale> to step one foot in that place today after the way i was treated yesterday         really bummed  sad 
"i need harnesses and horseshoes, almost done "
"alright, gotta go to the store to get toiletries for my sis and visit her at the hospital  lil niece is getting her breathing treatment now, she has pneumonia too  aaaah and absolutely can not wait for my new man to get back to fort polk and spend the wkend with him!"
"aaaaa, survivor is on  gotta go!!!!!!"
hello all my fellow gamers  smile 
my spacebar is broken on the desktop 
goin to watch shutter island with damien!
"still need 4 friends to help with my chicken coop but it doesn't let me repost,aaaah maybe go to my homepage and the old one will still be there???"
annoyed that there isn't a pop-up to ask friends to help with my chicken coop!!!
"hey <propfemale>, look i got a new keyboard!!! happy now, lol!"
about to drive to fort polk!!!
"i drove to fort polk, quietly walked up the stairs, laid in the bed next to him and then was wowed and fell asleep in his arms  ofcourse, i only had 2 hrs of sleep before i had to drive back so i'll be back later to farm, fish and cook  peace out "
"how in the heck do the youngen's work a double then open the next morning, i'm beat!!! only got 4 1 2 hrs of sleep  i'm going to make it through today and then off for 2 days! yipeeeeeee  now it's time to make some moneeeeeeeey  smile  have a great day!!!"
"oh boy, i don't know how i made it through today, lol  ended up working another double, 15 hrs today, whew  hope i don't sleep through my days off"
"went on a date lastnight for the first time in a very long time, it went very good  so good infact there will be a 2nd one next week  smile "
"thank you!!! to everyone that has commented on my new pic  i just wanted to get an updated photo of me on here, lol "
"good morning friends, sorry i haven't been on to help with farmville, cafe world or fishville  sometimes, you just have to step away from the computer and get some sleep, lol "
"update: i weighed in yesterday, my total weight loss is 31 pounds!!!!! now, if i can just quit smoking again!"
dont think i've been on here for a couple days
"how many of you really know all the people on your friends list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my friends list to post how they met me  after your done, repost this on your status box  you'll be amazed at how interesting this really can be  lets play!! its fun~"
haven't been on here in days     don't really care about much these days  sad 
"going to lay back down, blah"
still waiting
got fired today! gotta love it when the system thats supposed to help you against the stupid bitch that makes you feel uncomfortable at work does the exact opposite!!! so much for caring for their employees and how they feel!!!
gettin my party on at ob's
"woot woot, had a blast lastnight! didn't stop til 7 this morning  smile "
"going to get some rest  my sister is having her baby in the am!!! i get to be in the delivery room, wish us luck  lol  told her if she cusses me i was going to b-slap her on the table, lmao!!!"
"try to keep everyone posted as i can  her water has been broke, the contractions are picking up     now we wait"
"7cm now, we r goin to take a power nap first"
its time! wish us luck!
"baby <propmale> born at 2 surprise 7pm 6 lbs 13oz i have no words to describe what i just witnessed, truly an amazing e playful erience!"
"a very joyous occassion turned into me having a black eye, in handcuffs and at the police station, what a fucking nightmare! lesson #1 don't fuck with me or my family!!! my face may be fucked up right now but i guarantee we won't be fucked with again!!!!"
"went to go press charges today on the guy that punched me and was so kindly informed that i can't because we got tickets for disturbing the peace  ????, not sure what to do now"
thinking i'm going to remove my apps  not motivated to get on here lately  2 weeks later and i'm still waiting for this black eye to go away so i can get a darn job!!!
who care's anymore???? i sure don't!
thinking i might slowly make my way back to facebook     who knows yet?
found someone special who likes me the way i am  smile  and loves my kids too! feeling very blessed to have found him  happy birthday mom! i love you!!!
going to spend the nite with my man  smile  goin to the bp training course tomrw to get certified in cleanin up the oil spill
"my baby is coming to see me, yaaay  somebodies hooked, i just spent the nite with him : d but its ok cuz im hooked too and not ashamed to say so!"
"prolly had about 200 requests to go through, only 100 more left  i'll get em tomorrow  good night peeps"
"i need advice! that great man i had, yeh had, is scared of getting hurt  he wants to be friends and needs space  idk what to do, my heart aches, my anxiety is up and i dont want to lose him!"
"single once again, got pulled in just to get pushed away  sad "
"got a hot date tomorrow night, i cant wait!!!!! dinner, movie and drinks at his place  wink "
"so the hot date i had, yeh we skipped dinner and the movie  had the drinks and sex instead  good times, lol"
bored laying in bed staring at the ceiling  a lil lost without my kids here but enjoying the quiet time  i think i'll read a book i started awhile back
"how things change so quickly  sick to my stomach now, anxiety levels went up  its amazing how someone who breaks yur heart texts f you while hes drunk but wont tell me why he did it when hes sober  nice extra glob of icing on my cake! ugh"
so much for the book! getting my drink on with some complimentary alcohol and mite be goin out with the neighbors  woot woot
"chilling in bed watching movies  wishing i had a dear <propfirst>, great movie!"
bbq'in by the pool today with my family  wish my kids were here but they r with their father on his special day  happy fathers day to all the wonderful dads out there  smile 
never made it to the pool but did bbq and i made a kick ass upside down pineapple cake for my sis  love u!
"busy today focusing on getting a job! already applied for a cocktail server position, keep yur fingers crossed!"
"phase 1 of cleaning the kitchen complete, now its time to chill by the pool while theres still sunshine ;}"
"took care of my business this morning, chillin by the pool til my dr appt "
whew! its sizzling out here  already sweatin bullets after 10 mins  my heart goes out to our soldiers serving in hell! thank you!
anxiously waiting for my anxiety medication     go figure! one more medication i need to take to lead a normal existence  is anything ever normal tho???
sweet! gotta text from walmart pharmacy  meds are ready! it's time to take a chill pill  lmao!!!!
layin in bed with a cutie! babies are so innocent and when they look at u and smile    it makes the disappointment in yur life melt away 
why is it when i decide to stop dating all kinds of guys come from outta nowhere???
there is no 'one' for me! im too strong of a woman and too much to handle and men coward away from that!
slighty disgusted right now!
whats on my mind? y dont u tell me! any takers? i'll even tell u if yur right or wrong!
"good friend dropped me off at home bout 2ish, another friend picked me up from home and went and had more fun  got home bout 10am now im chilling in bed watching movies  smile "
"jeez <propmale>, i love how i wake up to claw marks on my arm cuz yur kitten was attacking me in my sleep! lol"
oh stupid rain! wanted to go to the pool   love the sound of thunder and lightening tho  smile 
"aww man, rough week ahead of me! its either goin to make or break me  and ill be darned if im goin down without a fight!"
is finding humor in my chaotic life with status shuffle today  smile  dont take it too personally!
"im standing in the rain     but not for too long, i dont want my fiesty spices to get washed away  wink  not worried bout the sugar, its buried deep "
"for those of you that are not on myspace  i posted: my husband used my rent money for a divorce lawyer, now accepting donations or taking applications for sugadaddies sugamomma's  laugh "
"i regret that my actions sometimes hurt the people i care about, i don't regret being true to myself "
"omg! a giant tree cockroach was on my wall!!!! i had to put my big girl panties on and kill it!!! cant stand those things, they creep me out eeeewwwww"
ugh  court today! a bundle of nerves!!!!
"done with court, whew! that was scary and stomach churning lol  i plead not guilty and a court date is set  now it's time to get my witnesses and evidence together so i can bury this f*cker!!!"
"has a promising date tonite  smile  hes so nervous its cute  peace out fb friends  and no ms  <propfemale>, no goods being given away!"
sometimes u have to swallow yur pride and ask for help  i did and help is on the way but i dont feel good about it at all  im the giver not the receiver  sad 
sanity is back-ordered  sarcasm is in unlimited supply
wishes people could taste what they said  maybe then they wouldn't talk shit so often 
happy 4th of july!!! to all my friends
"holiday wkend is over, time to get focused, get a job and move!"
"a very productive day today, goin to be even more productive tomorrow!"
"getting some errands done today then surprising my daughters tonight, going to see the horse races  ive never been either, excited to e playful erience something new  smile "
"rls is kicking my butt! i keep forgetting to pick up my meds, sleeping so horribly at nite!"
"sweeeeeet! i got poked for the first time ever today! on fb, get yur mind out of the gutter!"
it should be against the law to be this hot so early! and no im not talking about myself  smile 
"alrighty, got the highlights doing their magic then time for a haircut and go to my job interview!!!!!!"
"jeez, glad i called before drivin way out to the interview! the guy had left for the day already  good things come to those who wait tho, goin on friday  smile "
"i was cuttin up at the saints exhibit! waited in line for 1 5 hrs to take a pic with the trophy, the guy mentions sumthin bout bein a saints fan and i had to chime in <not really, i like the cowboys!> yeaaa, almost got kicked out, lmao, not really"
i called bout a bartending job and the guy tells me to come on over  5 mins n2 talkin tells me to b there tomrw at 1  smile  then his boss comes in and says they already have a daytime bartender  sad  now i wait and see
keep yur fingers crossed! my interview went great  he said he would like to hire me on and is goin to talk to the owner!!!
"have all 3 kids this wkend, been missing my boy, life is great!"
just did the hardest thing ever and dont like it at all but if im not worth the truth then theres nothing left for me to give  sad (
love sucks! its amazing how u meet someone and u get so wrapped up in each other and then he says hes not ready for a relationship  months go by and the love i feel for him is still there and he knows this  but true friends we remain so we can focus on getting our lives in order and i am thankful for that! and hope the future brings us together
aaaaaah! thats me screaming with excitement cuz isle of capri called me in for an interview this friday!!!
"im so done f'ing trying to be there for people, no more, its me and my kids and thats it! cant get hurt, lied to or cheated on if its just me!!! f'ing bein upfront and honest is something that some people just dont get!!! so screw it!!!"
has realized that if they starts to treat everyone in the same way they treat their they would probably tell their that their behaviour was unacceptable 
"off to bed, another early morning awaits me  im running out of time"
rise and shine its almost my interview time  smile  still dont know what im wearing lol
i got the job!!! jumping up and down with excitement  laugh 
"anybody on farmville out there that has nails, i only need 1 to to complete my beehive "
"got all my paperwork done today, took my drug test and was fitted for my uniform  orientation next week! ready to go to work!!!"
laying in bed with my lil girl watching aliens
"party by the pool for my daughters 10th bday! whew, its scorching out here!"
just got the news that a friend of mine died  sad  not even sure what to say 
"today has been emotionally draining, havnt been to a funeral since i was 12  went to karaoke tonight in honor of <propmale>, rip my dear friend "
got my schedule today! never thought id be so happy to say im working this weekend!!!
"every single one of you are on my friends' list as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there!! i am not only glad to count you as a friend, but also as family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this as your status  i'll be watching who posts"
"alrighty, 5 smile 0 comes way too soon  day 2 of orientation  smile  good night all"
woot woot! i got 100 % on my rtv permit!  smile  lunch time then couple more hours of orientation and im home freeeeee
"first day of on the job training tomrw!!! super excited  now, do i wear my lil black dress or t shirt and jeans for casual day??? hmmm"
im ready im ready im ready im ready im ready <in the voice of sponge bob> first day of work! have a great day peeps  laugh 
first day is goin great! im on the floor making $$$
need a foot massage! great first day! split the floor with another server and still managed to make almost 100  smile )
can anyone tell me how i can get a <propfemale> <propfemale> with using fv dollars???
"working 9 to 5, lets see how much i can rake in today in my uniform  smile "
"my left arm feels like its goin to fall off, lol, but the money i made today makes up for it!"
being trained in the poker room today  smile 
"awesome day! was trained in the poker room, the table games and got a big ole section of the slots  goin to bed now to flip my schedule and be ready for graves  be back later to tend farms  smile "
off to work i go  smile 
"whew, 2nd break of the nite, got bout 3 hrs left and im not sleepy  smile  must have something to do with the endless supply of cappachinooooos lol "
"slept off and on for 4 hours, blah  school starts next week! piece and quiet!!!"
"alrighty, off to work i go! i'm working the table games tonight  woot woot  in the words of <propmale> cruise \show me the money!!!\"" good night friends  smile """
taking my son to get his drivers permit  smile 
"1 more night of work after tonite, then 2 days off  smile  oooh what to do?"
goin for drinks after work  who wouldve thought that would sound appealing at 9am especially after serving them all night  lmao
"haven't been on in a few days, crops and fish are prolly dead but who cares when you've found someone special  wink "
"thought it was strange when i woke up with no missed calls or texts, my phone is off! but yet i can get online! wierd?"
phone is back on! let the texting begin  smile )
"oh no, the sun is coming up!!! time for me to go to bed, hehehe  good night all"
"on break, its so cold in the poker room my purse and phone are fogging up  smile "
its been 2 very long years  i want to be in love and happy again!!! and whoever says money cant buy u happiness obviously has not walked in my shoes!! money can pay my bills and that would make me very happy 
3 1 2 more hours at work then i gotta haul butt to court  not looking forward to that!
"too bad i cant check on farmville through my phone  <propfemale>, did u feed my fish??? lol"
i only need 3 more nails to finish my pigpen! plz send one if you can  smile 
celebrating my fav bartenders birthday! too early to be this intoxicated  wink 
love and like me for who i am and not for who and what u want me to be! i am who i am! take it or leave it  wink 
time to get ready for work! good night peeps  smile 
"graves are fine til its yur day off and all i wanna do is sleep, ugh  slept 15hrs, now im ready for the day, lol "
"been up for almost 24 hours, going to bed and letting my phone charge  i have an important call to make  smile "
"oh heck fire! my girl is hosting the vma's  come on second wind, i want to watch this! oh yeaaaaaa, <propfemale>'s on too"
thank you all for your birthday wishes!!!!!! i'm spending my day doing whatever    cuz i can     hehehehehe  love you all!!!!!
getting my haircut off! try to post new pics b4 i go to work  smile 
"once again a big thank you to all my friends and family for the birthday love!!! i had a good day, the only thing that wouldve made it better is seeing the man that has my heart!"
"time to get ready for work, then spend the day on the river with someone special  laugh "
"oh time to get ready for work! on table games tonight, maybe my $100 tipper will be there!!!  good night all"
"i feel so helpless, i feel just like a kid  what is it about u that makes me keep my feelings hid  i wish i could tell u but the words cant be found whenever u come around  <propmale> gill"
"ugh, my lack of sleep today has caught up with me  time for a 5hr energy shot"
good night at work and now ive had a strange turn of events that have left me kind of speechless!
"i love my job, only here i can tell a guest to quit talking crap behind my back bout getting a drink and laugh it off with the guest!"
"ugh, its goin to be a long day  didnt sleep worth a crap and my knee is killing me  anyone want to bring me a knee brace or ace bandage?  smile "
"loving life! does it get any better than spending the nite and day with the one u really adore? on the porch swing soaking up the sun, enjoying the breeze, listening to the trees and sipping my amaretto coffee  aaaaahhh  smile "
"spent 2 wonderful days with an amazing person! didnt want to leave but its time to go back to work and face reality, responsibility sux! lol"
im so sick of my schedule being screwed up cuz of servers callin out  <propmale> up bitchezz and do yur job! i had stuff to take care of this morning  super frustrated!
sick of struggling to pay my rent and bills cuz im too nice or too much of a pushover to say or do anything bout it  shit is bout to end!
he may not officially be my man but he sure does treat me like his lady! very lucky and blessed to have him in my life!!!
"in the poker room with my fav bartender, its going to be a great night!  smile "
i like it on the floor by my bed  wink 
"my mommy loves me!!! hehehehe, she baked me some chocolate chip cookies"
wishing i knew where my headphones were so i could listen to music! any idea <propmale> monster???? lol
"time to get ready for work  good night <propmale> son, i love you!!! good night fb friends  smile "
my phone was missing for almost 24hrs! thought it was a goner
confused at the moment  y say its ok for me to go out with someone else then be surprised hurt when i do it?
"gotta get ready for work  but before i go, a status shuffle from the heart! good night all  smile "
almost done at work then off to <propfemale> with friends and drink the day away!
"gooood moorning friends! its weird getting up in the am to go to work, hehehe  have a great day! peace and love"
finally! something good  apparently when i bought my <propfirst> i purchased an extended warranty so i have no out of pocket e playful ense for my broke down <propfirst>!!! yaaay 4 me 4 thinking ahead  smile 
2 nites in a row i have slept sooo good! back to work 2nite
6 hrs of deep cleaning my room today and still not done! gonna get 3 hrs of sleep b4 i spend 8hrs deep cleaning the bar im working in 2nite  ugh!
"mom's prayers for a good nite mustve worked, got a $50 tip a lil bit ago!"
"so i found out i had an extendend warranty, just found out it was less than 3000 <propmale> to e playful ire but not before getting a brand new engine put in my <propfirst>!!!!! early <propfemale> christmas to me!!!! hehehehe, on cloud 9!!!"
"get to see my unofficial man tomrw! hehehe, cant wait  laugh "
"words cant describe the realm of happiness i feel, spent the day cooking with <propfirst> at his parents house  smile )"
"my <propfirst> should be ready tomrw! i wanna keep the rental truck tho, hehehe  smile "
"jeez!!!!! farmville needs to <propmale> up and fix their crap!!! i keep getting this promotion has e playful ired on almost everything, even seconds after it's posted!!!!! frustrating!!!"
"so the guy ive been seeing referred to us today as an item, im guessing thats good? lol"
"goin to get my <propfirst>! and the guy ive been seeing referred to us as an item, im guessing thats good? lol"
"what the hell? stupid phone double posting  guess the cancel button didnt work, lol"
"7hrs of sleep was not enough after being up for 28, struggling to stay awake at work  ugh"
bad day to leave my gps at home! left early to get to apt on time and was still 5mins late!
"i love my son, he puts the biggest smile on my face  smile "
"so, leaving my sons apt today, not sure where im going and made a remark bout getting lost until we find our way  his response, 'it doesnt matter if we get lost, atleast we are together'  love my boy!"
no sleep today  getting ready for the costume contest at work!
having so much fun at work all dressed up  smile 
"laid down for a nap sometime ystrdy and just now waking up  whew, i needed that"
"didnt realize i woke up so early, at work a hour early! what to do?"
"went from breaker to tables, yaaa, and i dont have to leave early! theres hope for me gettin my bills paid  smile "
chilling in bed watching a movie with my daughter  smile 
stupid time change
"goin fishing, need i say more  smile "
"had a wonderful time fishing ystrdy! off the next 3 nites, what to do?"
"off work early  cold meds   check, crackers   check, p j's   check, bed   almost there!"
its amazing how my day starts out great then turns to shit in a blink of an eye! fuck it all!!!
lets see what my big mouth has in store for me today?
"had a wonderful couple days off cuz i got to spend it with my secret lover, hehehe  back to work and reality now, blah"
"well crap! went to watch a movie in bed and the sound doesnt work anymore, wth  sad "
"at work, ready to make some money!"
"cant wait to climb in bed, its been a long night, blah efin blah"
my morning just doesnt feel right without my usual wkend pitstop after work with my special someone  sad 
"its so quiet  nothing to do but enjoy my coffee, bagel and movie  smile "
should be laying in his arms tonite  sad  responsibilty sux
i love the reaction i get when i go to a fast food place and order 18 burgers  its hucking filarious!
bein domesticated tonite      doin laundry  smile 
goin to get a 2nd job in the morning or a replacement if all goes well!
"woke up early to pick up my son, bout to watch a movie with all 3 of my kiddos  smile  then go to work, feeling good"
"good day at work today, next 2 off  yeeessss"
"was in a good mood, not so much now"
movies with the fam 2nite and fishing tomrw with my kids and special someone 
happy thanksgiving to all of my friends and family  love u all  smile 
"sooo slow 2nite, blah"
"slept all day and now ready to be bored back into sleep at work, got the crapiest section 2nite  blah"
its my friday! and i get off work early
"are u that stupid, get a fuckin hint and go home already "
"no sleep today, gotta drive to lafayette then turn around and go to texas, worth it in the long run tho"
"74 <propmale> in less than a hour, whew"
"back home from texas, prolly wont see my sweetie til next week  boooooo"
"wow, first time watching the <propfemale>'s secret fashion show! awwwwesome  smile "
"didnt think i'd make it through the nite, never coming without sudoku again  it has helped the time fly!"
its time to watch the back of my eyelids 
"on 3rd 2nite, sudoku here i come  peace out peeps"
woke up too early today
"maybe some <propmale> guy will give me a huge tip tonite and i'll be able to pay my bills  pahahahaha, wishful thinkin huh"
no <propmale> guy yet but i have a few good tippers  smile 
"oh man, i slept all day  goin to be refreshed and ready for the nite  maybe that <propmale> guy will be at the slots 2nite, hahaha"
tonite is goin to be great!
its been a really good day so far  smile  3 1 2 more hrs to go  lets see if i can double my money!
yes! i doubled my money  smile 
time to kick up my feet and watch eclipse with the kiddos 
"brrrrrr, thats all i have to say  smile "
had a really good day hanging out with my sweetie 
"its goin to be a loooong nite, its so slooooow"
"cleaning my room today, no more procrastinating! my man is comin over this wkend, dont want him tripping over toys  smile "
i need a small miracle tonite      or some people on my side to start tipping!!! staying positive either way  smile 
"in a delightfully good mood this morning, cant wait til tomrw!"
to bed i go and off for 2 days  wishing i could spend 1 of them with my sweetie  sad 
"goin to lunch with the ex, goin to be interesting"
"lunch went well, then took the girls shoppin with their dad  now its time to kick back, relax and watch a movie "
"jackpot is over 150,000 and i only have 4 tables, booooo"
"aaaah, my bed feels so good  good nite peeps"
missing my baby
"had the <propmale> to go home but stayed, what was i thinking? i guess leaving with a little money is better than none  smile "
"just googled <propmale> <propmale> and the valiants, tonite is goin to be interesting! cant wait  smile "
"oh boy i am tired and have another long nite at work, hopefully this one will pay off better than lastnite!!!"
"nite 2 partying in the cove with <propmale> <propmale> and the valiants  woohoo, goin way better tonite  smile "
"i fear its the beginning of the end and its slipping through my fingers  question is, do i <propfemale> on with all my might or let him go?"
"working with my fav bartender tonite, my boyfriend  wink  saweeet"
"for all the peeps that keep asking  yes, we are officially bf and gf!  smile "
"3 more hours, ugh  im sleeeepy"
"nothing like waiting til the last <propfemale> to get all my wrappin done, stupid graveyard shift "
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends n family!!! xoxoxo
"once again ive been an 'embarassment' for speaking my mind  im true to myself and those around me and for that i will not apologize  too often we come across people that lie to your face, why is it easier to deal with those people than the ones that are honest?"
fishing with my baby today
"love has a strange way of sneaking up on us, but is it enough when you feel like your always bein put on the back burner for everyone else?"
"for the last week ive been an emotional wreck cuz it hit me, those 3 lil life changing words       do i say them or not?       when is the right time? is there ever a right time? during a heated conversation today, i got the courage        and said them "
got my hair trimmed and bout to highlight it  needed a change
"my mouth and i have issues, it seems to get me in trouble with those that are dear to me  got a heavy heart tonite  blah!"
workin with my sweetie tonite  smile   smile   smile 
"very bummed out today, had a great time yestrdy but it sux not knowing when i'll see my <propfemale> again  sad "
"thx to everyone that showed up to erics goin away party, we had a blast! for those of u that said u were comin and didnt   i'll be nice and just say your loss, u missed out on a good time with one hell of a good man and a bartender that spoiled us all directly and indirectly and deserved to have all his friends come say bye and wish him well "
"not really looking forward to goin to work, its just not the same anymore  sad "
"its official, work sux without the surprise phone calls or visits while he was on break  sad  its amazing how the little things make such a big impact  goin straight to bed *sigh*"
waiting sucks!
"i was asked to spread the word and what better way than on here  <propfirst> will be in town tomrw morning! u kno where we'll be, hope to see you there  smile "
"a weeks worth of tears finally making their way through, 4 hrs together is not enough  sad "
"this time tomrw i'll be on my way to texas, cant wait!  smile  missing my baby"
"aunt <propfemale>, u knew i was goin out of town to see my bf  there was no need for u to come visit this week, u suck!"
"good times  smile  got my man, a movie and some beer  miss my babies tho but they are in good hands  love u mom!"
"ugh, i hate leaving him but happy to see my kids  wish we lived closer together"
"its so slooooow at work, blah!"
"kind of lost this morning  got off work early, wanted to go to texas but cant really pop-in in the middle of the night unannounced  what to do?"
hope nobody decides to call out cuz i want to go see my man
"my gamble paid off! only prob, he's asleep and im awake  lol  either way, i can cuddle and when i fall asleep it will be with him  smile "
a delightfully strange last 2 days ive had  smile 
finally takin everyones advice and watching 300
i think that corndog was a foot long!
bbbrrrrr
wagin is not the same without my baby  sad  missing my baby
taking the kiddos to do something today  smile 
"ugh, frustrated!"
"had a 4hr power nap after work, taking the kids to play putt putt today  smile  the only thing that will make my day better is talkin to my sweetie or seein him b4 he leaves for work"
disgusted for the disregard of my feelings this week but im goin to move forward and take my kids out for some fun time  smile 
"kicked butt at putt putt, got 3 hole in 1's  think my son is paying me back with his driving skills! aaaaah, save me! hehehe"
laying in bed watching tv with the girls anxiously waiting to hear from my sweetheart
now i can sleep! talked to my <propfemale> and he made it to n o  safely  its gonna be a long week waitin to see him tho 
"jeez, laid down at noon for a nap and just now waking up  stupid graves, i dont even have to work 2nite     what to do all nite?"
"it sux not bein able to chill with my <propfemale> on my days off but i totally have somethin to look forward to this wkend, cant wait to feel his sweet kisses and warm embrace!!!"
"making roasted potato soup, mmm mmm"
3 more days     i can do this
"mmm, left over potato soup  im full! next stop, nap time  smile  then work"
holy cow! did ya hear that 16yro on idol? gave me the chills! anybody that can sing <propmale> turner better make it to the finals!
"omg, tonite is the worst nite for me to forget my word search at home!!! aaaah"
"whew, there was so much garlic in that cabbage im goin to have to chew on mints for the next 2 days"
mtg with the lawyer to start the big 'd' paperwork
"alrighty, thats done  gonna try to go back to sleep  peace out bitchzzz  smile "
"ugh, cant sleep  work is really goin to suck if i dont get more than a 2hr nap!"
1 more day!    then im goin to see my man  smile 
"had a bomb dropped on me a lil bit ago! wow! this is goin to be interesting, *evil laugh* muhahahaha"
time goes by too fast  sad 
how do you forgive someone that u absolutely despise with every ounce of yur being?
my nail color is called friar friar pants on fire  who comes up with this stuff?! lol
im stunned this morning! i heard rumors bout me lastnite     and they were true!! bet yur wondering what it is??  i got the swing shift spot!  smile  this is a true blessing!!! i put in for it knowing my <propmale> of gettin it was slim to none  thank you my guardian angel!
"im stating the obvious, brrr its soooo cold! wouldnt be so bad if we could wear pants with our uniform! wind is whipping right through my tights :รยง"
"an intense drive to work, hit a lil ice patch on the bridge  glad i wasnt driving fast! then my exit was closed and had to reroute, wrecks every where "
"made it home safely, in my comfy clothes eatin fruity pebbles and about to watch the other guys  smile "
"wont be seeing my sweetheart this week  sad  both of us have work, work and more work  stupid responsibilities"
"the sunshine feels wonderfuuuulllll, aaahhhhh  smile "
"whats the temp outside? who cares, ive got bronzer on and im soaking up the sun!"
on cloud 9!  smile 
can describe how happy i am! my most fabulous man surprised me this morning while i was sitting alone at the bar! oh so happy  smile 
darn it! slept through the half time show  boooo  but was woken up by a call from my sweetheart and thats all i needed anyways  laugh 
"playing charades with the kiddos, good times  smile "
watching dinner for schmucks
my poor baby girl is sick and cant go on her field trip  sad  goin to plan something nice for her instead
"im exiled to the crown, what is goin on the big boat?!? im hearing all kinds of crap "
"off work early, goin to see my man! yaaay  smile "
"working the <propmale> <propmale> concert, woot woot! goin to be fun  smile "
"had a good nite at work and a great day in texas, hate to leave"
"this is bs! a beautiful day, wanted to do something special for my kids and now im sick! spent 15hrs in bed freezing then sweating, dont even have the energy to drive to the store, ugh!"
"awww, my son was goin to take me out to dinner but i feel like doggy do do, to put it nicely  so i suggested a movie at home and take out, atleast i get to spend valentines day with one of my special guys  smile "
"dear cold, i want u to go back into the bowels of hell from which u came from! be gone beast!!! k, <propmale>  ba-bye"
"full <propfemale>, crazies are goin to be out  tonite should be interesting"
"people didnt get on my nerves too bad tonite, only made 1 guy feel bout 2ft tall after yelling at me and i didnt have to say much  smile "
"going to buy a bbq pit tonite, might even treat myself to some makeup and perfume"
"oh yea, got my pit     a nice big red one! and some make up, yippeeeee  10 bucks for this eyeliner, it better work good!"
ready to see my man!
hows that bbq pit looking?!
i woke up feeling sad and like i was missing something then i realized it was my sweetheart  time went by way too fast today and this wkend wont come fast enuf
"omg! i was signing my daughters paperwork at the dr office and i started writing my emp id # after my name! thx capri for drilling that in my head, lmao!"
"this is my last week on graves! swing shift here i come, woo hooooo  smile "
"i love surprises, especially when my sweetheart shows up at my door! ive got the best man ever!"
"this is it, my last nite on graves and it sucked! lol  goin out with a bang after work  smile "
"i said i was goin out with a bang and i did, lol  thank you <propfemale> for driving me home!"
going bowling with friends later  woot woot
"holy shit, how did bowling turn into martinis? lol"
"f*ck this shit  i hope whoever busted my window and stole my purse enjoys a bagfull of makeup cuz my money and debit cards werent in it! stupid motha fuckers, jokes on you!!! u got a handfull of change!"
my night out was not worth the crap im dealing with today  sad 
"getting ready for work in the afternoon     wierd, lol "
hate the silent treatment      but on a good note my first swing shift is goin good!
"my window is fixed! 2 hrs at the bar = a busted window, stolen purse, the silent treatment and 300 bucks  not worth it! think i'll be staying home for awhile "
got served today
its my friday and i get to spend it with my man  smile 
"brrr, im fafafreezinnnng "
im making stuffed cabbage on the grill! let u know how it turns out <propfirst>  smile 
"my cabbage is on the grill, now its time to prep the pineapple <propfemale> yaki chicken "
"spending my mardi gras cleaning my room, doin laundry and then work  sad  oh well, somebody has to do it  happy mardi gras peeps! have fun and be safe "
wth! sum1 has my bf's phone and replied to my text  atleast i kno he will be calling tomrw  smile  miss the daily talks with my hun
"darn you rls, i want to go to sleep!"
"off work, drinking a beer maybe two"
"ok so 3 beers, lol "
wowzer!
"a blonde drops her black dress off at the cleaners, on her way out the lady at the counter says come again, the blonde says no its toothpaste this time you nosey bitch  smile "
"finally getting my stuff after being in storage for a year and a half!   smile ) and its goin back into storage til i have room to put it in my apt, lol "
u kno it would start raining when the movers get here!
"2 crates done, 4 more to go!  smile "
"good thing im not an angry violent person or else i wouldve walked up to her and punched her dead straight in her face, just saying  wink "
"had a wonderful early bday dinner for my son at texas roadhouse, still full!"
"aaaaah, so excited! my <propfemale> is coming home early  smile  dont have to wait til the wkend to see him!"
soaking up the sunshine  smile 
"guess i didnt get enuf vitamin d frm that sunshine cuz im in a foul ass pissy mood, good thing i took my zoloft, shouldve taken 2  indecision "
can u say nickel card? lol
big smiles  smile ) a surprise visit from my man! yaaay
"had a great day, went shopping with my sweetheart while my oil got changed on my <propfirst>, had a surprise visit at work now goin to lay next to the one i adore so much! nite peeps"
"almost to my final destination      the arms of the light of my life, other than my children  smile "
"what a day! laying out with my <propfemale>, sipping on beers and no work tonite  aaaah, loving it  smile "
time to get on the road  sad 
"holy cow, everybody's been saying it looks like ive lost weight      i have    12lbs! that puts me to 57lbs total loss! no wonder why ive been feeling flabby, lol "
"crap, its time to get ready for work but im having a hard time getting my butt out of this chair"
"got to sleep in, layed out for a lil bit   now its time to drive home and see my kiddos"
"mmm, homemade chicken pot pie, thanks mom!~hiccup~"
just want to curl up in my bed and go away  sad  dont ask me to share my feelings or thoughts then give me the silent treatment cuz u dont like them  if bein honest gets me this then maybe i should bcome a liar
"2 1 2 more hours, i can do this "
tonight is goin to be a good night!
"so much for last nite bein a good nite, freaking anxiety got so bad almost had a panic attack  sad  flipping had to leave on my table nite"
i danced with a pickle
i danced with a pickle in the elevator because the voices told me to  smile 
nothing like a lil retail therapy when yur feeling down
cleaning my room today
"nothing like angry white girl music while cleaning, muhahaha"
"nowhere near bein done with my room, cant wait to see my new book case tho  its gonna be awwwesome  smile "
my bookcase looks great! thank u brother  smile 
