29bea6c7ba7d024e8599fad9f99b94ec
"in 25 hours, <propmale> <propmale> and the patriots will play football and i will be watching them from the 33rd row at the reliant stadium!!!!"
is going to see <propfirst> mccartney in august!
sprint instinct doesn't take good pictures   
this day cannot end soon enough 
"needs a new, cushy chair if i'm gonna spend this much time on the computer   or just get off the computer   nah "
e playful loratory surgeries at 4 smile 0pm make me tired   
a new bottle of tito's vodka and the beatles:rock band   tonight is gonna be brilliant!
was asked to pass this along - urgent!! apparently the fan check application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in  even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you  please inform all you friends and remove delete the application asa               p  copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quick read more
not much longer   i hear the boat calling me   
why does it always rain on me?
what's so funny is nobody's laughing at this change of heart you're having  
i'm going to paint a picture tonight!  haven't painted in a loooonnnnggg time!
"if you dont like the new fb here is how you can change it back to the old  look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on! it will take your share box awasy but then just click on the news feed when you want to update your status "
loves this time of year because all the shows on cable are about pumpkins and ghosts!!!
something is not quite right today   
just got an acupuncture treatment   is it supposed to give you a headache?
is sick for the second time in as many months   my immune system ain't what it used to be 
white
"i just went to best buy to buy a video game, dragon age   the cashier, a nice 20-something looking young man, asked me if the game was for me   i said yes   then he says\ noooooo!!  i wish my mom was cool enough to play video games like dragon age!\"""""
is fuming right now 
"ok, i wasn't going to do this, but my name is too awesome not to share   go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment "
"\every person in your life is a gift no matter how bad some may have hurt you  they just bestowed more wisdom to you with the pain they gave \"" -<propfemale> hurst"""
over the river and through the woods to grandmother's house we go!!  yipee!
"i love my grandmother more than just about anyone, but it's time for this vacation to end   i am so ready to go home "
    don't be unhappy if your dreams never come true -- just be thankful your nightmares don't 
"right now a veterinary technician is helping a <propfemale> become a mother, is holding the paw of a dying dog, is inserting an iv into a kitten, is listening to a pet parent tell a story, and is missing their own pets while caring for others  vet techs all over the world are saving lives!! re-post if    you are a vet tech, love a vet tech or appreciate a vet tech!"
bacon on chocolate chip ice cream at gypsy picnic trailer food festival??!!  sold 
"<propmale> potter, in less than 12 hours i will see you again   i can hardly wait!"
<propmale> potter is awesome   so are the movies about him   
at texas reniassance fest with the fam!
happy new year to all!  be safe tonight!  may next year be everything you hope it to be!!
