bd301528d2637b466a86dd9733dd83e4
i want some fooodddd  ehhh
is sooooooooooo woowwwwwwww!
is still up doing an essay    annoyed 
shud prolly check my facebook more often  annoyed  hmm
    *sigh* wants to live fourth of july over again   
   yes i do!
a suicide is like a plethora of favors on your pallet
is loving my country?!?!?!?! huh???? totally wtf???
wonders if any nvc ppl got grandpa's facebook?
still hasnt started any of my history assignments! woooo ima fail!!! yeah!  laugh ddd  playful ppp
"has more homework to do!whoo! and gues what??? im currently not doing it!!!! lmao!!! i'll do it later, story of my life lol"
wonders if the cost of keeping it is greater than the cost of losing it    annoyed 
is tireeedddddddd
wants a reallllyyyyy awesomazing cookieee   i'm hungryyyy  annoyed 
ahhhhhh fuck you <propfirst>!
    fucken cory    ugh!
can't help the fact that i'm thinking about my future    and whether some people are even worth being in it   (noitsnotrufi)
should probably start my homework    annoyed  but i don't wanna     i'll go eat tuna casserole instead  laugh 
is tireedddddd and cant believe your phone had to die last night omgggg!!
"is falling into the music   deeper and faster   please don't pull me out of this dream,when i don't deserve reality  "
"can't believe my life falls down this way,and when it comes down to that last sunrise i don't know if i'll be there to witness it   "
has been up thinking since 1a m  this morning   about what's going to happen now   
"my heart is beating,my head is pulsing and my left arm is burning with the pain   "
"can't see tomorrow because i forgot to live today, and no matter how much i want to, there are many things that i will always refuse to say, whether or not you pull them out of me is your own decision, but what you may get out of me is nothing short of <propfemale>"
"can't see tomorrow because i forgot to live today, and no matter how much i want to, there are many things that i will always refuse to say, whether or not you pull them out of me is your own decision, but what you may get out of me is nothing short of <propfemale>"
sorry i havent been online in a while and if it seems like im ignoring you guys but  im just really stressed right now   =[[[[[[[
too many things in life  -__-'
"wishes i could stop tripping over this uneven ground and land in a place where nobody knows my name,because right now i never thought silence could be so sweet,and this world's injustice is getting to me;save me from my fate my knight in shining armor   "
is trapped in the null void
is still trapped in the null void    
will continue to be in the null void until i buy a map outta this place     -__-'
because of myself i am in this null void
     should go study     annoyed 
    has once again succumbed to the gravitational pull of the null void
"\i've got another confession to make   i'm your fool   even knowing my heart could break   wanting you   \"""""
is in class  smile 
is tired of it dammit   
needs to clean my room!!!!!!!!!!!
should be doin work!!!!!!!!!!!
why the fuck is everyone getting sick?!?!
is lost in my own self-created null void  
is about to break down   
is            skeptical at best   
"feels rejected,left out once again like someone is staring at me with those hurtful eyes,telling me i'm not welcome,once again,i'm tired of feeling this way,of poeple looking at me this way   "
is gonna regretfully study    ugh    
fuck my life
fuck my life tt-tt
a pizza hot pocket??
is tired of this unorganization;i need salvation
"is in need of practicality,salvation,redemtion,order and a whole hell of a lot of rationality because my life is constantly in a state of physical and mental unrest;i just want my life back and not this shit hole of an empty soul "
should go to bed  annoyed 
"realizes that if your life isn't all what it's cracked up to be, then you aren't living it,you're only in it it just takes time,and try your best,all that you can it just takes some time,everything will be alright;be yourself,even if not good enough for someone else "
just needs time because there aren't enough hours in a day
"is on a diet    because now i can't eat wheat,soy,flour,anything made from powdered mixes   and chocolate -_____-'"
"needs some assistance because i'm so white that i want starbucks,oh no! lol"
is going nowhere with my rollercoaster park  annoyed  i need visitors
is sitting at home and on facebook;i should be doing homework
is trying to think positive
"can't eat,can't sleep;i'm so caught up that i feel like i'm not living anymore  "
is eating chili
"is unable to sleep,here, without you i need you with me,now,i beg you  i undoubtedly,irrevocably miss you "
loves rufino  smile 
says happy birthday sweetie!!!!!!!!!
"just got back from fairfeild,it was one long ass drive ugh i'm tired"
loves my rufu-fu  smile 
is doing a shitload of homework  annoyed 
"is trying too hard to fix it,and knowing i can't save it,all i can do is remake it,and live it"
"is tired,what else is new anymore?"
"is sick of everything--i'm sick and tired of being sick and tired   if it   if it weren't for you,there's no way i could get through   i just want my smile back,that's all i ask   give me a smile so i could smile at you   "
is tired
"loves him for him and i guarantee that will never change,because honestly,why would you give up someone who can put that big of a smile on your face?"
"needs to find the passion before i get burned,like the girl in the flammable skirt,because i can't afford to throw away my stone backpack,when i worked so hard for it   "
rufino te quiero más que <propfemale> en el mundo
might go to vegas for christmas??
is incapacitated
    nyu   aishiteru otosan   
need it?cheez-it!
has been back from vegas and is goin to aunties party 2mrw  smile 
feels like something is missing   
"\you know you got it bad\"" \""yeah but unlike you i actually do something about it  \"""""
"fml! yesterday i lost my phone with all of my favorite shit on it good news though,i am getting a new one with a new number in about 3 weeks right now i have a temporary phone so i'm going to be collecting numbers if you can text send me a msg at 707-731-3728 and tell me who it is so i can add you to my contacts again that'd be awesome (first and last name please)"
can't believe it
x x ap world chapter   so long   
u g h unmotivated
my new number is 707 652 3050 so hit me up txt me and ur name!!
"even if i can’t stand anymore, i will not let it stop me from changing the road ahead  i persistantly keep going, with an incomplete map, drawing outside the lines because uniformity isn't my style  i persistantly keep going, even though i’m not prepared   i play this game in order to believe i can win "
i washed mr varni's dishes   0__0
i can't believe i'm going to prom  
i think life is a plastic bag because now i'm suffocated!
i can't belive it is over
the awkening of conscience in the greatness of soul  
it's hard to conceive what you can't percieve   
"who knows, maybe they do exsist   "
ain't that the truth   
fuck   
    trying is hard   but not trying   is harder
what is more is that it makes it quite sad when the jist of it is apparent   
people who say they have everything they want have nothing they need  
slow and steady wins the race when life is in the fast <propfirst>   
a mind at peace or peace of mind?
words of wisdom come from the most une playful ected places
feels as though nothing matters anymore   
fuck nuggets
*sigh*
the finish line hasn't broken yet  it's not over
will never forget it
well i got a lot of catching up to do
you make me smile  laugh 
ugh im offended
"i am livid\what the hell?!"
"if you \like\"" this status", i will tell you my \bd30152 laugh 2637b466a86dd9733dd83e4,f my life  
"great, now i have an effin headache     bleh!"
i can't believe i woke up at fricken 7 am exactly with no alarm   wtf? i'm glad i have jamba juice otherwise i'd kill someone out of boredom  laugh 
i am the happiest pesron in the world! omg i got my bass today!!!! finally!!!!  laugh 
 laugh d ohh mmm gg!! i cant believe it! d^    ^b
team shige!! we winnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shige! shige! shige! ftw!!!    over maritoni!!!!
i need to make team shige t-shirts!!!!
today was awesome! omg 1 year! ^^
      is it ftw anymore?   
i actually got a four on my ap world exam!!!!
"heyyyy i got my phone reset today!!!  annoyed  i lost my contacts again      sad \so my number is the same 707-652-3050, please text me your name so i can save your number!!!"
"i need more contact than just maritoni tt-tt i lost my contacts a couple days ago,so if you have my number or want to have my number then txt me 707-652-3050 with your name     save me   from maritoni    tt-tt"
       wtf happend to alex-neko's facebook <propfemale>? did i do anything? wtf?  annoyed 
        o o i want cocopuffs     right now   
has been up     for almost 24 hours    for no particular reason    except the fact that i'm hungry    o o
"dammit rufino,fucken larp!! >=["
>=[ damn larp   
"counting down the days until the new year begins and missing what was and wondering what will be;new people,new memories make life what it is and what we wish it to be to value what we already have and not regret what we've already lived is not only,but loving that we live "
i was reading some old posts onmy profile   and i just love how people love it when im angry or have an fml moment    what are friends for right? -__-'
"i had so much planned,and i didnt even make a dent in my list -__-'"
my computer is retarded!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have to effin buy a new one now!! ugh >=[[[[[[ (btw this isnt my computer that im on right now)
"ugh,when i care i'm miserable, but when i'm happy i'm a bitch   "
"when i stay up late just to say good morning to you,you know thats love right? i hope so,cuz i stayed up almost 20 hours for you! =p"
"okay,its been a few weeks now since my phone was reset and i realize that im still missing a lot of phone numbers,so text me or msg me my number is on my profile    if i text maritoni any longer i think my head will e playful lode  laugh d"
"fuck my life,long and hard   i dont wana be fucken talked to right now"
ughh    maritoni house today      laugh 
is up lateee with toni     again  laugh 
early in the morning and already i must prepare for war   ugh    let the drama commence
"tired of shit just because you refuse to understand my feelings and only pay attention to what you want,goodbye looser   "
"today is a good day,go jamba juice!  laugh "
"what the fuck,i hate this shit,its always my fucken fault i swear to fucken god whatever im done with it get the fuck out"
sad face   
   happy and sad face?
"never knew it could fly by so fast,as the weather gets colder and the days feel shorter,it seems like not much progress is made with only a few years left,i never realized it passing me by,nothing really changed but items that are only thought of instead of seen "
     wow i feel bipolar    my mood just changed drastically   -__-'
 annoyed  manwhiches    > indecision 
thank god for showers cuz i feel like crap right now  
"strike that   life is a super fail whale\???????????????????????? \??????????????????????? \?????????????????????\????????????????????"
*sigh* i need my own xbox   
u g h
"my fucken god! i swear i'm about to move to my dads over this fucken shit! my god! i can't do fucken anything right for fucken tim,i swear! that fucken asshole can fucken rot in hell!! this shit pisses me off! everyday i get a headache because of his bitch ass!!"
"why am i like-able -________-\"",2010-0 surprise 4 17 surprise 2 smile 9""",bd30152 laugh 2637b466a86dd9733dd83e4,"i feel   impossible at the moment -______-\"",2010-0 surprise 4 17:25:14""",bd30152 laugh 2637b466a86dd9733dd83e4,i dont know about your sixth sense but mine works 57% of the time  laugh  lol cod
???? lol mogu mogu on your face
"good morning world and all that inhabit,lol even though it's technically afternoon,its morning to me!"
wtf     
"i like my fortune i got from panda today annoyed the only way to have a friend is to be one\""  smile """
fuck
"fuck this shit,i'm tired of it dont ask me whats wrong,i wont answer "
i don't pay attention to days anymore because i'm too distracted  smile 
i have been playing call of duty:modern warfare 2 for 18 hours straight o___o
"a long,exhausting day    "
i'm too emotionally exhausted to care anymore    
this time babyy i'll be bulletproof  
"just got home,i cant believe they fucked up my schedule already,ugh"
just watched the 3rd naruto movie and i'm like totally pumped
"i just now got home from crusher crew ^^b yay! i can barely walk,only one foot hurts for some reason,and i just got severe back pain(bonus!)    so   i cant wait to do it all again tomorrow d^w^b"
good morning world   gotta go -___-
gotta go back in 5 hours
"stayed up for like 2 days straight  and people ask why i did this  well i like helping be apart of something great  smile \\now im going back to bed lol"
"had an awesome time at <propfirst> crawford's house,lol win by deck out mwahahahahahahahaha"
a few days left   
"why talk behind my back when you could say it to my face?get it fucken over with,yeah dont stare at me and turn and talk about it god people like you are fucken pussies   "
is it worth preventing the inevitable?  
why cant i live next to target?! ugh the register i was at in walmart today decided to break   yay
"i wonder who is still up doing last minute homework  wink  lol \i'm not  laugh  just cant sleep"
oh yeah      wink  good morning
i just woke up after my loonnnggg nap after school   i thought for the longest time that today was a dream  annoyed 
awkward turtle
like its dynamite
omg like no way  laugh d that dude on xbox was funny  laugh ddd
i love muffins  laugh dd and my love muffin
at the end of the day do i feel any different?  
i know what friends are and its sad when i realize how many i have lost  sad 
"*jumping my seat* that is the best way to wake up from a nap!!! i finally get to seeeee <propfemale> after 2 whole years in japan!!!!!!!!!!! ohh my godd,tomorrow needs to be now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(lol its that epic)"
"\your the only angel that i need to watch over me\""  smile """
"fml wink ont comment my status,if you want to know what happened to me today,msg me homework updates are the only comments i'll accept thank you "
"there are no words for the immense sadness i feel right now,and that aching feeling no longer resides in my chest,but my entire being   "
"the things in life you want to say to someone,are the ones that matter the most,but are the scariest to say   fuck my zodiac sign    just know i love you  no matter what"
"omy muffin  laugh  i just had the fastest shower ever,maybe it was cause i was in a good mood but who knows  smile "
i'm lost without you because you make me better  
i cannot believe my family is drinking like a bunch of 20 year olds -___-' i mean so what if i get to but this is like their 4th shot? jeez  
nuthin better than a winning team and a barbecued steak  laugh  ohh yeah niners!
"wtf oh well,surrounded my drunk family members and barbecue,pretty good weekend"
yeahh 28-24 niners babyy
lol home after 8 more hours sweet sweet bed ^^
"waiting,and hopefully i will get my wish  smile "
i'm missing something    you   
"i finally figured out why my phone has been slow -___- after i decided to delete my whole inbox on my phone,there was over 3296 msgs deleted   i only know because it told me after 2 hours   -_____-\"",2010-08-30 09 surprise 1 surprise 5""",bd30152 laugh 2637b466a86dd9733dd83e4,a great day that will last forever  laugh  because of you
oh yeah you make my day worth it
the things that hurt the most are the things you least e playful ect   and i've reached a point as to where   this should play out   
"example of a good day:waking up to you,you making me laugh,eating good food, and all my hw done \my current day:my computer erased my whole essay due today,a mouse keeps running under my feet,im freaked out and my hw is no where near finished now \fml"
"okay,a better day  smile  but still -__-' \i will survive  \""?"""
 sad  in orchestra   and i miss you more than ever   
why the fuck did my stupid ass fall asleep! i don't need sleep i need you!
"to the extent of the emotions i'm currently e playful ressing,no other thought controls my reactions better than you do;every word,line,paragraph,facial e playful ression,movement is controlled by your words in my head,and i am so deeply saddened by your absence that i want to disappear off this world  "
you are my muse
"you are the best person i've ever met,i love you so much"
dont be a playa cause you gonna get hurt
"one never knows what struggles life will uncover,but unless you give them your full heart,these accomplishments mean nothing "
he could melt chocolate without even touching it  smile 
"fuck it, you know this is bull shit  i am done with helping you,and you havent begun to see me mad  get a life and do something with it! i fucken swear!"
it doesn't matter much to me  
to be yourself is all that you can do   
"the only one i will ever need, is standing right in front of me, and i regret ever being blind to it, but i wont ever change it, for it is nonetheless perfect"
god i need you right now   
i seriously cant think of anything to put in my status right now    im   just eh
"when the stars light up i resume my work, i'm not done counting  wink "
"im sorry but im gonna sleep for a lil bit,i need it like i need you right now  smile "
remembering so much   and wishing it was still here   the only thing i regret is making that mistake   
"how could something so right,be so wrong   "
"well thank you,for making my day so much better,and i'm glad that there is still some hope,giving me a little bit of reassurance  smile "
"hey people,i'm back if you wana know just send me a message all i'm asking for is the homework "
first day of bowlin   lets see how bad i suck!  laugh 
i love how over time some things just  lose value  sad 
"i did good today since i havent bowled in a while,i got a 159,181 and 177 with a 172 average for my first day  smile "
everything changes   
why the fuck does it have to be like this
"without you i'd perish,my soul would be crushed and my existence would be meaningless;thank you for being here music  smile "
well what do you do if you need something and want something? and they are related?  laugh  do both
"hoping my struggles weren't in vain, and knowing they probably aren't, but then why do i feel like that they aren't good enough   "
"when worse comes to worse,the only thing that will affect me is the tears, though the sadness is there,i'm reassured by what i know to be true"
"and now   the uneasiness settles in, giving way to the nerves   "
i'm a buffalo soldier  ?
"another adventure on the bus \ew its on me! ew!\""  laugh """
tt^tt if anyone has regular us history can they photocopy the chapter one section two and email it to me please!!!! god dammit
looks like mr ready is in for a treat   > > 30+ emails
"had kinda a bad day,but you always make it better   "
ehh i was staring at you so i couldnt sleep yet   playful 
"okay today was better than last week  playful  however the hotter it got the worse i did lol i got a 238,173 and a 160 at bowling today with a 190 average  smile "
i hate music on my ipod that is suddenly louder than some of the other songs i was playing >=[
when starting things for a new beginning one must realize that the difficulties now will one day become your greatest achievements;something strong doesn't come from nothing thank you gray 
"\those nights belong to us\"""""
ahhh how do i delete that on an iphone?!  troubled  dammit oh well     hi   
i removed that for many reasons >>
"though the pain we endure now will only slow down the time it takes, lets remember to make that time the most of what we can"
i can do it   if i do it for you   
goddammit   what the hell man   fucken being a woman   
"its easy to speak,but so very hard to act,especially when you're uncertain of your footing i find its the mentality you hold which determines whether or not you accomplish it hold your head up high,keep focused and never for one second doubt yourself "
"well you know just what to do,now if only i knew what to do -__-'"
"in looking back at the end of the night,it is sad to as what our nation has become if it wasn't for capitalism,then this sad state of a country wouldn't probably exist,because now,in seeing how desperate people get because they can't afford the daily necessities that in which we're entitled to by the very rights our country is based upon and built upon,is more than sad "
"because days come and go,but my feelings for you are forever?"
"in the end you know what to do,you know who to go to and after the hard work you've done,the achievement gained from it is already being e playful ressed "
yeahh were nerds like that x)
i just love how the pics i posted about an hour ago have like a million comments already  playful 
everything happens for a reason right    right?  sad 
what to do when you reach a dead end?
ehhh -______- wtf
god these days what am i gonna do without you?
"moving on is so painful,but holding on is harder on the heart i know i shouldn't have wasted my time on someone who isn't worth it,so i have to let it go,as much as i don't want to new beginnings lead to new opportunities,and this is a new day of many  <propfirst> hill,you give me the strength to start again after all it's never too late "
i'm tired of emotions     
"i love marianas trench omg,love the voice  smile  new day,new song,new attitude"
even in the most desperate of times you have to push forward past the finish line
"the biggest challenge isn't actually doing it,but mustering up the courage to do it"
"its so hard to hit a home run,or even get on base   when life throws you a curve ball   "
"another day and i've already fucked it up,oh well,story of my life  smile "
what's the best thing ever?  smile  your love
"my phone is suspended until i pay it,so please don't call or text me  sad "
the semester is almost half over tt-tt
awkward face  annoyed 
great day for a wednesday ^^ love the orange
i like it on my kitchen counter  smile 
i like it on the park bench next to the playground  laugh 
i like it in walmart by the front entrance  laugh 
o m g t o d a y o n t h e b u s w a s e p i c ! (lol)
omg i just decimated some cheesecake!
"went biking with rufino <propmale> contreras and ate some subway,not too bad of an afternoon  smile "
i love hawaiian punch!  love 
happeh hug-an-asian day!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"well it has been a significant turn of events,especially after the worst has come to pass,but the rest is yet to come you never know what to e playful ect;its like walking through smoke,you never know where your footing end up   "
"just know that i love you,and i   always will   "
whatever anymore   
blah blah blah    
well got through 8 chapters in fire emblem in 2 and a half hours   now work -____-'
back to fire emblem niggas!!  laugh 
"it's really reaching the point where you need to grow up,step out and do something with you're life;excuses are for the weak,you can't prevent the inevitable "
"don't worry,i'll be there to laugh when you get hit in the face, sayin \i told you so \"""""
"perfection isn't defined,only described  smile "
kill me and get it over with   
it's just one of those days isn't it   
i guess some things never change   and they never will from the looks of it   
coffee @___@
lots of homework   mostly ready's notes   -______-' f*** you mr ready    kill your own trees    
i wish i had a brick to throw at something right now   
well i fucked up by going to sleep   
i can't retain shit! eff you ap chem!! tt-tt
is stability too much to ask for?   
i got me some five dolla chocolate  laugh 
"if i fucken had money maybe i could be as fucken good as you to,shit  "
hot food+fire emblem(multiple versions)+rainy day= d^w^b
i'm gonna go make top ramen   
i just woke up    @___@
great the one time i actually want to clean the vacuum is broken   fine i guess i'll just eat my mini powdered donuts   
"when you push someone away,you push them towards someone else,until you can't see them anymore   "
is it just me or does it feel like a bribe when someone gives you money in exchange for something?  annoyed 
why is facebook being retarded?!
"dude that was fucken hilarious;okay so on the bus ride home,in the apartment complex as the bus is coming around the corner,this stupid ass lady lets her dog run in front of the bus and stand there!she had her hands full and looked like she was gonna pelt something at the bus at the rate she was screaming,lol,honestly natural selection will kill her soon hahaha (note:if you own an animal,own a leash) x]"
"its those times when you go out of your way to make someone smile,the extra length just to hear their laugh;that's when you know its love  smile "
shit i give up   
im sick and surrounded by bullshit  
you're always there when i need someone to talk to  smile 
"you know what,i don't need you're shit,rant on about me,but i don't need you to tell me who i am,what i'll do, or who i'll become don't blame me for the faults in your life "
so tired  and i'm so sorry  
neh  
"okay you know what,i'm pissed   "
i need to do hw >__<
"you may look like a hobo,but you're my hobo ^^"
my frustration made me forget it's halloween  annoyed 
its just   inevitable  smile 
i am finally home =___=
stupid paint brush  annoyed  neh
"good morning chemistry homework,goodbye brain -__-"
i hate <propfemale> days  troubled 
i'm tutoring at friends house and whoever has my moms number let her know please and that she needs to pay my phone  smile 
i am home ^3^
yeah   cookies?
fucken great   there goes everything   
get out of my fucken life!
so   i can't sleep    
"seriously,i do all this shit for you and you arent even fucken home!?go fuck yourself!!"
    ehhhh i need a hug   
if it dont work ima be pissed   
okay please stop being a bitch because it would be much appreciated
 sad 
i can't sleep when my mind is this restless   
i feel like surprising <propfemale> with when i'm gonna put up those pictures  wink  so she can't hide 'em from <propmale> lol
i miss you  love 
blehh   
"\you cannot fathom the immensity of the fuck i do not give\"""""
i get two boxes of brownieessss on friday from <propfemale> <propfirst> stevenson thank you very much ^^
break point
"today is like a delta,they are both moving in the same direction,but its not an easy one   "
"i have a big ap chem test today and i get yelled at for waking up a half an hour early to study, then we spend the whole half an hour arguing about how i'm a liar fml "
so like   yeah   
okay things always work out   right?
sigh   
"put this as your status and see what people rate you:1 = crazy, 2 = i'dmarry you, 3 =talkative, 4 = sarcastic , 5= i miss you , 6 = i'd kissyou, 7 = moody, 8= smart , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11= random,12 = hot , 13=funny 14 = fit, 15 = amazing ,16 = tough, 17 = cute"
i am gonna play xbox and delay what homework i do have  laugh 
i love how people in my house freak out over buying 1% milk instead of 2% lol
thank you <propfemale> <propfirst> stevenson for some excellent brownies  smile  i ate like half of them in 5th period alone  laugh 
    i love you   
"when it rains,it pours"
i really hate thunder   
so you know i miss you  smile 
maybe if you didn't raid my shit every time i leave my room i wouldn't lock my door 
so thats it   
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=c7nlq5soq_e
"hey errybody! happy thanksgiving and dont be too fat now,i know you wanna!"
"if\ you think i'm cute, then like this status  if you love me, then put a \heart  if i'm your friend put a  smile    if you ever wanted to date me, poke\ me  if you miss me put a  :   if you ever had a crush on me, then \message me saying you do  if you're not scared, post this as your status"
okay thats bullshit
some gin and coke  smile 
school -___-'
let's crack open some redbull and get this party started
i got blisters on these fingers!
"\i like my marshmellows lightly toasted\"" hah"""
i raised my grades  laugh 
this is unbelievable
"lol <propfemale> mcclenic don't you love how the \g\"" and the \""f\"" on the keyboard are right next to each other haha"""
"out of all the things i've lost unintentionally over the years,looking back on them,i wish i was able to find them one last time   "
well now i want chocolate milk
sup? uhm im bored  http annoyed  tinychat com emberdemon
"i love the new photos <propfemale> <propfirst> stevenson put up,haha rainy days"
uhm? boredom?
"my likes playful ie,cheesecake and friends\my dislikes surprise sama bin laden,george w  bush,hitler and mr ready (lol this is for <propfemale>)"
btw rawr
happy birthday to my peeps <propfemale> mcclenic and maritoni lopez ciancaglini !!
"i have used 3,318 text messages in 14 days  laugh "
ditto   
"i'm hoping you read this because you know what, this is not over, its only getting started   "
you wonder why? i mean really? use your head goddamn     
"raa,idk but ftw haha"
up on melancholy hill   
the film that only belongs to you and i   
i'm a little viking
its just so intriguing!! omg
still intriguing!can't wait until school on tuesday! oh my g lol
 love  yep gonna be a good day tomorrow  smile 
"part one of my plan is complete!    now when am i gonna get to part two?\maybe tomorrow  wink "
"   oh my,so part three of my plan has been accomplished,even though part two was skipped   "
"\i hella wanna eat you[r food]!  laugh \"""""
"it's funny how things turn around in an instant,even if you were prepared for the worst,the feeling still manages to slap you across the face  "
highlight of the morning:the worst cop in am can pulls someone over in front of out bus haha
i love meh pita chips!!!  laugh 
my cookies metamorphosized into a monster cookie!!!
"my cookies totally rock,lol approval from <propfirst> haha"
i need to work on my <propmale> again this year  smile 
anata ga hitsuyou nano   
"lol \it was accidentally changed on purpose because there is an accidental on that note purposely\"" haha g-money in orchestra"""
i'm drawing tonight instead of ready's notes!!  laugh 
mahalkita!
<propfirst> up one more win for <propfemale>!  smile 
"today's a good day  smile  \grandpa  love  lol"
"i had a very interesting car ride with <propfirst> rovira,ricky coucoules and <propfirst> <propfirst> martinez hahaha  laugh "
i love riding with <propfirst> rovira and <propfirst> <propfirst> martinez and btw i got a hug from both of them  laugh  mwahahaha
r+a= love 
"i miss you,why did my dream have to end when i know i can't have you in reality?  love "
lol i love my hair so much haha its hilarious
"i have lots of old photos to put up but eh  too lazy today,maybe later"
that's three wins for <propfemale>  wink 
talking to <propfirst>'s mom!?!?!?  laugh d
thanks everyone for birthday wishes!!  smile  ya'll are awesome
you always know how to make me the happiest person ever fino  love   smile 
i need you in my life ^^
so it's poke a hot person day  laugh 
you hear that?        you just made my heart skip a beat  love 
<propfirst> gray hill is my <propfirst>  smile 
i still remember when jesus was here on 11 2 09
"well i'm not going to school today,fuck my eyesight  sad "
i cant believe he txtd me asking if i was okay     
you're better than drugs
i like my guys how i like my peanut butter! hahaha this is for <propfemale>  playful 
i'm tutoring <propfirst> gray hill in chemistry via skype  laugh 
where are you when i need you the most?
"i love you, no matter what happens, i will always love you inside my heart  love "
"okay,total fml:my internet is suspended,my allergies are gay,and all im left with is decade old vapor rub wtf?"
"i really miss my baby,he's just so amazing in every way and i need his hugs to cure my sickness right now  sad "
i want some of that  wink 
"i always knew i loved you from the moment i met you you held that special part of me that no one else was able to find and even now,in our separation,you hold on tightly to me and the love we share i love you more than anything "
supreme diggity!!
yesterday was amazing and today will be more amazing because i   have   browniesss!!!
why you gotta cupcake that shit? seriously?
"i've run out of lyrics,phrases and sayings in which i could say how much i love you, but i realize i don't need them when you say you love me just as much too  love "
no <propfemale> takahashi don't go!! tt^tt
i love you baby! you make me beautiful inside and out  smile 
"\   miss you bunches   \"""""
maybe next time i shouldn't procrastinate as much on my essay even though i've improved on my procrastination  unfortunately the disease still has no cure  playful 
"when your smile is the only thing that comforts me in times like these,just know my love is yours and that your heart is still with me;i just wish you could be here and hold me,to make me laugh almost to the point of crying,if only you were with me here and now,but until then i have to make due with the passing time   "
"you got my heart skipping like a record, bounding outta my chest, my love is soaring like an eagle, flying high above the rest; all because you told me you loved me  smile "
"\vans are bisexual\"" <propfemale>  laugh """
you gotta keep this broken heart stronger    love 
i love you  love 
so hey    i dyed my hair  smile 
i love how my dad finds me uber weird now because i dyed my hair  playful 
so like i love you and since you love me we need to go out on a date today so i have an excuse not to do homework  smile 
"i put up my poem that's due in english tomorrow,read it if you like  smile "
"even when we're apart i feel close to you, when you're all that's on my mind  love "
1+1=7  smile 
"today's gonna be a better day,i love you  love "
"no matter where life takes me, just know i would want you to come  with me  smile "
"whether or not you can see me,i know you can feel my love,because there is no distance that can separate us,due to the <propfemale>s above;they represent the vastness of our care,each <propfemale> a moment we've had that's been special,i tried counting them all before,but the <propfirst> just keep going on forever  smile "
"its one of those things you want to say,but you can't say it to their face;i wish you had a facebook so you could see how hurt you make me with the littlest things,but then again why i get so upset over them i will never know maybe its because i  internally demand acceptance from my peers for personal satisfaction about looks but why do i stress when i'm surrounded by people who love me?its because i'm human "
"when i look at your smile and that look in your eyes,i know that everything will be alright your laugh fills my heart as it emanates from your soul,for i realize that you make me whole so come complete the puzzle and mend the broken pieces,in order for the scars i have become seamless "
"so you know,i need you now  and everyday from now on  love "
i want cheesecake with a side of love  love 
"\when i first saw you i was like wow a pretty girl is actually talking to me\""  smile """
you make my heart go rawr  love 
"you make my heart make it's beat,more so than the air i breathe,and after the world is no more,you'll keep me living because your the person i live for  have a great day baby  smile "
"i miss you baby,you need to be here to give me a hug  smile "
"thank you sunday,out of fucking 956 channels there is nothing to watch!"
i miss you!  love 
i love the smell of my <propmale> eraser in the morning  laugh 
you are definitely the best thing since <propmale> chicken nuggets  love 
nothing better than the smell of brand new old spice deodorant ^^
"no matter the things that happen in my life,i always know you'll be there to fill good memories over the bad;i love you  love "
i love it when you dream of me  love 
i love it when you and i are together because the time seems to last forever  love 
who knows where life will take me;i hope its somewhere with you  smile 
just between you and me  wink  i love you more  love 
my cookies will never be as sweet as you  smile 
i can't wait till i return home to you  love 
