e669f33cde6f450430640c98abd91ffa
facebook confuses me
poop
headache
hi
money on my mind
"oh yeah! the xbox is on its way back home  smile  \we are happy to let you know that we have shipped your console back to you!\"""""
"selling a nokia data cable, which is the cable that connects your computer to your phone!! it works with all nokia phones so you can add pictures ringtones and such! only 5$ they're like 20$ in the store so hit me up nokia users!!!"
"it started with a music thing, not caring what the people think, just doing our own damn thing"
warped tomorrow!! haha who's goin!!
missing the xbox  sad 
vacation officially is started!!
growing dreds
cause we're gonna do it our way!
life is just a good riff and a beat!! party on!!
takin the world!! cause i want to
on top the world
behemoth
blink 182 sucks
"pull up in that white on white know you wonder what its like, know you wonder whats the price, it ain't nothin to a boss"
"just got my soundsystem, super cool!"
say what?
just live your life
cause i'm sittin on top of the world
move in day is tomorrow!!
keep gettin the paper and keep on buyin look in the mirror and keep on shinin
"lets make a deal, a <propfemale> for a disease"
busy doin lots of school!!
we'll march along with our blindfolds on; and we'll ride the rails with our pistols drawn; can the lord about forgive what we've done; can we fight to save our souls
48 out of 50 on music quiz!!!!!!
tuesday
forever
its time to suck todays <propmale>
"and you were my, my hero through it all"
i scream to know somebodys listening
"white sparrows fell from heaven and carried her away; black arrows cut the strings of my heart; i kneel and pray; they gave her one more day to say the words i couldn't say; i'm crying in pain, crying in pain"
house tonight!
rain
but if you keep that smile then you'll find a way
hold your breath and count to 4!!!!!!
"so wrap your arms around me, hold me close, and don't let go!!!!!!!!"
so come all you jolly young fellows  i'd have you take warning by me  whenever you're out on the liquor  beware of the pretty <propfemale> she'll fill you with whiskey and <propmale>  until you're not able to stand and the very next thing you'd know you've landed in <propfirst> dieman's land 
"i'm not sick but i'm not well; and i'm so hot cause i'm in hell, i'm not sick but i'm not well; and it's a sin to live this we!!"
"suck my clip, swallow my bullets and don't you spit"
home
"that which starts sweet ends bitter, and that which starts bitter ends sweet"
someday you'll meet your rocking chair cos that's where we're spinning there's no point to wanna comb your hair when it's grey and thinning
"the seasons barely change  they move too fast for me  back home the autumn leaves are falling softly from the trees  don't take this away, i'm close to sanity  i pushed against the grain and drove a thousand <propmale> away "
tgif
back home
lets make a deal a <propfemale> for disease
over and out
run for cover as ast as you can we're fighters and lovers and enemies of friends pens and knives apologize believeing you tonight leaving you tonight
oddly warm for a november winter?
"disapear and disolve, a weaking wall will one day all"
"disappear and disolve, a weakening wall, will one day fall"
"i shot the sheriff, but i didn't shoot the deputy"
dj nightmare
classes are so terribly boring   
its a g thing
in the shadow of a thousand suns
i fought the law but the law won
what comes after the end?
"infinity is produced in the relationship of the same with the other, and how the particular and the personal, which are unsurpassable, as it were magnetize the very field in which the production of infinity is enacted"
south park!
cause i'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs
"you are the sun  you are the only one  my heart is blue  my heart is blue for you  be my, be my, be my little rock and roll <propfemale>  be my, be my, be my little rock and roll <propfemale>"
watching new <propfemale>
stalemate
i don't like monday's   not one bit  sad 
to break down and cease all fealing burn now what was once breathing reach out and you may take my heart away
why does xoxoxo mean love???
"i found a way, over the fear and through the flames i'm diving in, don't follow me stay right here ill be back for you someday i found a way, it'd be best if you just stayed its not safe don't follow me i found a way, i found a way"
"they ain't tough enough, smart enough or fast enough "
the refrigerator froze my <propfemale> d  sad   how will i drink it now?
and tomorrow we'll do it again
"can't stop from just smilin when that damn sun is shinin down, yeah it's just shinin down all over me"
it's begining to look a lot like christmas
snow is way cooler than rain!!!
today was a pretty cool day
prossibly
does anyone play animal crossing on ds anymore???
if i go crazy then will you still call me superman?
"motivation such an aggravation,  accusations don't know where to take them,  inspiration's getting hard to fake it   concentration's never hard to break it   situation never what you want it to be "
can you take me higher?
"it's not that it isn't possible, but simply that it isn't probable "
is anyone else up studying for exams???
last exam!!!!!!
why do people make facebook groups to get people to stop smoking?  it seems almost like setting yourself up for a letdown   why would someone reason for quitting be that they're kid got a million people to join an online group?  how about quitting so you can live!!!
returning to <propmale> now 
rip <propfirst> <propfirst>   26 years old is too young 
had a productive day today   been playin odst since 11 and finally beat it!
"love is like a butterfly it goes wherever it pleases, and pleases wherever it goes "
tango down!
make everything fun!
"game time, who's comin to watch wit me??"
11:11 make a wish!!
just beat modern warfare 2 on veteran!
why is college easier than high school?
what's goin on today?
"well it's alright, well it's okay, there's someone out there, waiting for you, just waiting to meet you!!"
it ain't easy headbangin with glasses
"man has a gun, he know's how to use it, 9mm browning, let's you see what he can do, he'll point it at your mouth, says that he'll blow your brains out"
"on the list of top 50 most-viewed wikipedia articles of 2009, vagina comes in 36th place averaging 22,295 hits a day!!!"
just got done watchin that <propfirst> darko
gotta catch em' all
"don't tell me, tell my ghost, cause i blame him for all i don't want to know"
"there is no forever, just today "
hey miss murder!!!!
stay fly
"he told her a little secret, which earned him a little kiss"
   she'll always be beautiful
she ain't gotta speak cause my speakers let her know that i'm ballin
<propfirst> loves it
it's kind of funny how i'm not listening anyway
this beautiful tragedy
"i don't wanna waste my time, become another casualty of society, i'll never fall in line become another victim of your conformity and back down"
"i fly like paper, get high like planes "
"everybody's got there problems, everybody says the same thing to you"
"if you read this, \like\"" it!"""
nothin good
and i wanna conquer the world  give all the idiots a brand new religion!
 smile 
i could use a hug  
i love young <propfirst>  smile 
there's a place off ocean avenue!!!
no one on the corner has swagga like us
in <propmale> for now   
"and if the horses won't drink, drown them in the water"
woke up with a bad bad headache
bumpin to da boss <propmale> <propmale>
fighting demons 
t i  gets outta jail this month!
i do it how i wanna do
"will i change? i doubt it  never admittied to bein perfect, but neither is anybody else "
   but i love chef
mom's gettin me glasses tomorrow!!!!
"three cheers for not having a job, runnin out of money, and havin nothin to do!!!"
sublime
some folks say that smokin <propmale> is a crime if they catch you smokin they're bound to drop the dime insufferable informa crazy fools wait with their fingers crossed for you to break the rules and in the evening when we try to jam we like the music loud in this here band we let the bass line drop as loud as we can stand somebody always gotta turn informa for the man
who ever thought that fat girl would turn into oprah?
life every man holds dear; but the dear man holds  honor far more precious dear than life 
oh no
he's what you call class 
"inspired me truly you did from the start, to not be afraid and to follow my heart, there's a piece of you with me they can't tear apart, forever"
her beauty never ceases to amaze me   
life sucks
"for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart  it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul "
they who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night  in their grey visions they obtain glimpses of eternity 
"thy grace, thy more than beauty, shall be an endless theme of praise, and love — a simple duty "
stay fly
"she showed up at my work on something, and screamed, \i'm a daisey!\"""""
young <propfirst> is the coolest person ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111 i  love  her smile 
but if you keep that smile then you'll find a way
"that's why i'm ready for whateva, somebody better tell em', i'll be here when the smoke clears and everything settles forreal "
overdrew my bank account   at least i get paid tomorrow!
don't e playful ect nothin less of me cause i be goin this way til the death of me
saw mean girls    never been more greatful to be male
well the years start coming and they don't stop coming back to the rule and i hit the ground running didn't make sense not to live for fun your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb
how many brothas fell victim to tha streetz rest in peace young nigga there's a heaven for a 'g' be a lie if i told ya that i never thought of death my niggas we tha last ones left but life goes on     
"eminem's \not afraid\"" is worth checking out """
the game    you just lost
's semester is over  smile 
how bout them reds?
the spy who shagged me
moments are all we have
arsis 
pour out a little liquor
if we hold on for one more day we just might last
haircut!! like?
such a waste  
so am i less holy? cause i puff on a blunt and drink a beer wit my homies
quiet y'all incoming call
fable ll
it may be rainin' but it never rain on my parade
save & quit
fable 2 why can i not travel to westcliff!!! oh no!!
that is that and this is this
"you know it's funny when it rains it pours, they got money for wars but can't feed the poor "
believe me when i say that i got somethin for his punk ass
"i stop and stare at the younger, my heart goes to 'em, they tested, it was stressed that they under!"
<propmale> little's a pretty cool mouse  you know it!
why do people get so crazy over little things like this and that 
"homie, i'll never forget you"
savor every moment of thisssssss
ocarina of time 
"show me how you do it, and i promise, i promise i'll run away with you!"
"we need action in the street, moving with our feet  its time to shout out loud  its a movement and there's no time like right now  its time to get up get up get up why don't you?  stand up stand up its time to start a fight "
there's no turning back tonight! kiss me one last time   
"like my status and i'll tell you what i like, dislike, my first impression and a confession about you "
pour out a little liquor
"get over your drama, you're not cool anyway"
8 9 10
the scent of fall
on the grind
my beats be nasty
who can find me subs?
"let him go! let him go! that man is innocent, he's only just be speaking his own mind"
who's got a head unit??
you and your facebook
i'll be that man on the <propfemale>
"i can't stop its all i know, from a youngen i was tought to get doe"
and they're all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same
unlike fools who precede the jewels
hypnotizin minds
turn yo swag on!
goin in for the kill
another week of the grind
you know you love those old school songs
the sky might be falling but remember you can fly
my life style? it's bout a life of style
is it worth can you even hear me
black ops
"i've been called ridiculous, crazy, and out of my mind but you don't understand it's the life of the grind "
there's someone out there waiting for you  just waiting to meet you!!
the real rocknrolla
god'll take you through hell just to get you to heaven 
i hope they understand that i really understand that they don't understand 
motivation such an aggravation
i didn't even have to use my ak; i gotta say it was a good day
