8e0dc116c011929540dd6cffbf1a42c2
shooting at nearby metro causes pentagon to lockdown  3 injured    lord   
"there's quite a heavy bit on my mind these days  but in due time, it will all come together  in the meantime, yes folks   miss <propmale> is living like she's dying  my mother recently told me whatever makes u happy, do it today cuz tomorrow may not come for u "
"thanks a lot <propfemale> chambers, now i want some ihop   lol"
is lovin the 80s right now    taaaaaakkkee ooonnnnn meeeeeeeeee  taaaakkkeee meeeee ooonnnnnnnn  iiii'll <propfemale> goone in a day or twoooooooo!!  laugh  lololol ya'll don't know   
"ok   so now the weekend is over, mine was quite nice  laugh  now   time to snap back to reality and get ready for another week at the office "
"while i am not attending church this morning for the same reasons i don't attend on christmas and mothers day, i have not forgotten the purpose of celebrating easter  thank u jesus for what u sacrificed just for me  everyone have a happy easter and in the midst of egg hunts and easter baskets, don't forget what's really real "
chef <propfemale> rarely makes an appearance in the kitchen these days   lol but she's cookin up somethin right now     laugh 
"top of the mornin folks! a new week begins, the weather is lovely and i'm feelin great  i hope the same is true for u! *remember to smile, u just might brighten someone else's day!  laugh *"
2 hrs of 24 has started    do not disturb  unless of course u are _ _ _ _ _  laugh 
what?!?!?! awww man!!!!
is wondering what it could be    hmmmmm   
is sooooooo incredibly hawt! no     really      i am  have u checked this morning's temps? lol
is still incredibly hawt! lol even without the 90 degree temps outside   laugh 
is trying to cool off now  goodnite folks!
is anxiously awaiting        ;-d
can't wait for tomorrow to come and go     looking forward to it   smile 
"is coolin out with the windows open, listening to the rain and deep in thought                      goodnite folks       "
"in the words of ll cool j   i can't believe it, i aint had a crush in years        "
is crushin sorta hard  lol yea   lol
"is sorta sad the day ended, but i'm ready to see my superstars tonite! yall ready?"
wooooo! us superstars had a b l a s t  tonite!!! today was just a really good day for me!! the superstars were the icing on the cake  nite yall!
is finally up after a fun night and getting ready for the circus 
is about to see what momma dearest is cookin up    
ok       this isn't starting off very well   ugh! lord <propmale> me the gift of tolerance and <propfemale> today   please  woooosaaaah         ok   let's try this again!
is at the circus  yaaaaaayyyy!  laugh  yes   i'm a big kid  who cares!
"is dubbing this one of the best weekends i've had in quite a while  unfortunately, now its time to come down off my high and get ready for the weekly grind  gn folks!"
"good monday morning everyone  i know    nobody feels much like being at work today, but let's make the best of it   friday will be here before u know it!!! i hope u all have a great week   let's do it!!!"
aight yall      24 is on!!!! i wonder what tonites episode will bring             
dag maaaannnn                   
can't sleep    *sigh*
ok   couldn't sleep last night and was up till the wee hours of the morning   soooooo i'm draggin bricks and the overcast and rain isn't helping          i need breakfast!!! good morning people!
its already 2 smile 0    this day is flying! i'm glad cuz my eyeballs are burning  lol
could use some tlc at this moment       
is gonna go dream of a <propfemale> beach vacation and a relaxing massage 
wants to be there rather than here    
what is going on with sprint??? i have been trying to sign into my account for 3 days!!! come on man!!!!!!
i usually don't watch csi: ny    but this episode is pretty darn good!
sweet dreams are made of this   who am i to disagree! mornin folks!!!  laugh  yes   i'm in 80's mode this morning  who's with me?
wants something tasty to eat     carribean food sounds great     but from where?
*yawn*
is sooooooo glad its finally friday  its been a loooong week! let's get it over with so we can get the weekend started!!!!!
is impatiently waiting    this is ridiculous 
