64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4
vicatin    yay
just went from wishing he could feel his face to really    really wishing he couldnt
"the last 3 people ive tried to talk to went offline as i was typing \hello\""     """
misses solid food
should probably pack for the xc trip   
yay camping!
clean at last!
ip again!!!
wants to <propfemale> trip again!!!
is watching inkheart
   
just found paint in his hair
"is starting to realize just how eris does less work than janus, but gets more done   "
hates sleep
got a new phone
life is exciting    death is peaceful      its the transition thats troublesome
"can not seem to find the elusive \discussion board\"" his english teacher speaks of"""
is tired    and will continue his hunt for the afore-mentioned discussion board tomorrow
has only heard of the fire   
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often or know each other that well, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you "
    nobody is getting on the tkam discussion board anymore
is now mad at at <propfemale>'s as a species
all you who didn't make it to the dance last night missed out
is angry because he cant find his notebooks or his social studies book
life is a tragedy for those who feel      and a comedy for those who think
skillet concert!!!
absolutely nothing     
just listened to the public speaking ii winner from oregon last year
is getting tired of sticking his wire back into his bracket     
just spent 2 and a half hours coloring      mr  gunson better be happy   
loved the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst> play    and halli you were brilliant!!! halli gibson
wishes he was still on the retreat    cant wait until january!
"live in the present, remember the past  but fear not the future, for it does not exist, and never shall"
"\knowing is independent of being  i did not know you existed before you bumbled in here and ruined my nap  yet that doesn't mean you weren't real before you woke me \""        (because werecats are so much cooler than werewolves)"""
"i think that the world should switch to 36-hour days, that way we could fit everything in easier"
is liking his new laptop
was out splitting wood    until the wood decided to split back     
only four baa's left   
is tired    finally got home 15v minutes ago
<propfirst> is scaring me!!
is bored   
is getting annoyed with the fake posts telling me to go to stupid websites   
the only true love is love at first sight; second sight dispels it 
we most always know the right thing to do  the hard part is doing it 
"“the safest road to hell is the gradual one - the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts"
aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in  aim at earth and you get neither
we laugh at honor and are shocked to find traitors in our midst 
"trust me not, for you are no promethius, and even i know not what i shall do"
feels sorry for any  leukophobic-schizophrenic's      
the first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want 
"first learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak  -epictetus (55ad-135ad)"
curiosity killed the cat    lets hope it is only felines in danger
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=cute, 17=gf bf type, 18=player, 19=i love you, 20=gorgeous, 21=the best, 22=tough   smile "
"i'm a man of my convictions  call me wrong, call me right  but i bring my better angels to every fight  you may not like where i'm going, but you sure know where i stand  hate me if you want to, love me if you can"
hate me if you want to      love me if you can
"hates it when people use this space to say something cryptic, and refuse to e playful lain it to anybody"
jnfu jjn pbfkt pk qcq xzzu
"\it's hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep\"""""
the tension is here  between who you are and who you could be  between how it is and how it should be
"if you have multiple personalities and threaten suicide, does it become a hostage situation???"
has figured out he is not insane    the voices can hear each other too! so i am normal
"you know there is something wrong when, while talking to yourself, you crack a joke, and have to e playful lain it to yourself because you dont get it"
"'s brain is dead  tech support says it is a lost cause, something about the wires being crossed again, again and again   the funeral will be held last tuesday in london, <propfemale> "
dare's you to right click your mouse and whatever your last 'copy' was   paste it below!
all i need is minions     
good things come to those who wait     if you wait for something good that is
some people change their ways when they see the light; most wait until they feel the heat 
"enjoyed auditions, thinks he did alright"
if nobody is perfect     then i want to meet her
did you know that it's bad luck to be superstitious 
has always been a terrible bluffer
is tired    is it time to hibernate yet?
whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of truth and knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods 
a a a a a a     the american association against acronym abuse anonymous
is terribly confused    and or worried
"all my friends out there, please pray for <propfemale>, my sisters mother-in-law    yesterday she had two months, today she isn't e playful ected to last two days, hoping for a miracle   "
"rather than trying to find who you are , search for what you can become~"
"finally found the \find\"" feature!!!!"""
"people try to change the world to fit them, but few realize 'tis easier to change themselves to fit the world"
"there is always a light at the end of the tunnel  however, if the light is coming faster than you think it should be, turn and run, because unless you are spider-man or super-man, you will lose to a train"
"if someone says \it can't get any worse than this\"" it just means that they lack immagination"""
"had fun at the party last night, and is sitting down to watch <propmale> potter hbp"
is somewhat sore still     
well you can kiss my wang!!!!
is watching the (second) best movie ever
every mushroom cloud has a silver lining
"that's what forgiveness sounds like, screaming and, and then silence"
"yes, i drown my animal cracker before i eat them"
has anatidaephobia   
a whole week with nothing to do      this could get dangerous
?u??u??? u?op ?p?sdn ?u????s s?
hates sociopathic-ness
"happiness is like a rainbow, if you <propmale> it you will never reach it  however, if you place yourself just th right distance, you can bathe another in it's colors "
"when you wish upon a falling <propfemale>, your dreams can come true  unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the earth which will destroy all life  then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for  unless it's death by meteor "
has a feeling he forgot to pack something      
is going to nashville!
"if your going in circles, what does it matter how large or small? a circles a circle, it never changes, no matter the size"
"press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click, left click"
is it a lie if the person doesnt seem to remember what they had said in the first place?
really <propfirst>    really?
"ghoughpteighbteau    lets just say, it has eyes"
"ok    so if i killed one of the voices in my head, would it be murder, partial suicide or violating <propfirst>'s first ammendment?"
"is going to take a hammer to his printer, as well as his desktop computer       after they let me print out my homework that is"
- the questions we truly hate to ask are those we already know the answers to
rawr
have you ever sat in a crowded room where the mumbling secrets are none too cool?
i feel like such an insomniac    why do i tire of counting sheep? when i'm far too tired to fall asleep
2 days
"when everything in life takes time to build and is destroyed in time, the only thing you can truly rely on, is a lack thereof"
"? \i need your grace to remind me to find my own\"" ?"""
?\oh i tend to disappear here and there\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,?\on <propfemale> sand, we sleep hand-in-hand\64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"got my license, went to wal-mart interpretted baby speach, cooked a pizza, burned my hand   ate    happy to sit down and relax"
i dont ever argue with myself    yes u do  no i dont now shut up! u shut up u argue urself all the time! no i dont! yes! no! fine i do! happy?! yes cuz i win  smile 
"great day, went for a run after school, soccer wnet a half hour longer than i thought it would       can only think of a few ways it could get better"
"only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and i'm not sure about the former "
is going outside    its raining hard
\it's not having what you want\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,its eat or be eaten for a reptile
"what to do, what to do   "
ould probably go memorize his monologue    right mrs  gibson?   
\i need to go i need to get away from everything, i'll have to run to \64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"\words of glass will only cut my skin\"""""
it's the end of the world as we know it!!!! and i feel fine
\?i'd withstand\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,\each man's death diminishes me,\64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"\hammer the poo-poo's\"""""
"\my friends say i should act my age    whats my age again?\"""""
no <propfemale> i will not go out snogging with you!!!!
is packing    gonna be gone tomorrow thru wednesday    yeah running!!
"get home from running camp, and soccer in an hour"
"woo, had fun at cross country camp   met lots of nice people, and now want to play capture the flag again"
?\cold nights make staying alert so hard\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,summers should not be this busy    
\it's hard to say that i would rather stay awake when i'm asleep\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"\church is like kindergarten      sit next to someone and your dating   \"""""
"ahh, three work-outs today, and a movie, not a bad day, good to relax"
wishes he were in nashville
"ouch, that hurts"
"nothing like waking up at 2 smile 0 in the morning to a rapist alert (false alarm, dont be alarmed)"
"had an interupted sleep full strange dreams, then went for a 6 mile run then church    strangley unrested"
"so many times, it happens too fast \you change your passion for <propfemale>"
it's difficult to comprehend how insane some people can be  especially when you're insane 
   synchronized pick-up lines    what is next?
is
is off to play soccer!!!
is worn out
people were so much more mature in elementary school
really needs to learn to shut his mouth sooner
there seems to be a wooden board blocking my way everytime i go through my wardrobe    i must break it down for narnia!!
speak of the devil and he doth appear
"doesnt get much better than a day at the lake, and the resulting next-day sunburn"
wax on - wax off
\night is the cathedral\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,hook    line     sinker          shark!!!! speaking of sinking   
finally back from the coast   needs to get out and do something tomorrow
has nobody he is particluarly anxious to talk to for once    feels good
does not want to do his math homework
meteor shower!!!!
"\all men are frauds  the only difference between them is that some admit it    i myself deny it  \"""""
\all my life i wish i broke mirrors\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,wants to actually do something tomorrow
my dad's on the couch next to me discovering the wonders of yale   
why are my dreams so vivid whenever you're in them?
off to see what tonights dreams may bring
should become a sociopath   then nobody could tell what i am thinking   
silence the thunder!!!!! down with thor!!!!!!!
"\holdin' on to never say goodbye\"""""
so tired   
is ready for school to start already
"with your ear to a seashell \you can hear the waves in underwater caves \as if you actually were inside a saltwater room"
"i regarded the world as such a sad sight   \ \until i veiwed it in black and white\i reveiwed every frame, and basic shape\and sealed the exits in caution tape"
"will not, for the next two weeks acknowledge the existence of numerical values of any sort    especially those relating to cones"
"\why is the rum always gone?!?!\"""""
has a plan forming     
ruh roh    i needs to watch what i says
do you think temporary sanity would be a valid excuse in the court of law?     just wondering
is prepared to wage war on the entirity of grass
is regretting just about every move he makes at this point    three practices= too much
always nice to have a voice of reason   
feels like going for a run   
no    it cant be over     i should have hidden under the air hockey     
got a sunburn     now my unicorn has a much longer life e playful ectancy
"\it is only chum if it's in a bucket\"" -<propfirst> miller"""
"?\i need your grace to remind me to find my own\""?"""
"the arguement goes something like this: 'i refuse to prove i exist,' says god, 'for proof denies faith, and without faith i am nothing ''but,' says man, 'the babel fish is a dead giveaway isn't it? it could not have evolved by <propmale>  it proves you exist, and so therefore, by your own arguements, you don't  qed '\\'oh dear,' says god, 'i hadn't thought of that,' and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic "
"best part of a soccer game, everyone leaving for home a little beat up"
thirs day of school and     boy is it going to be different
a win for boys soccer!
hopefully i am feeling up to the soccer game tomorrow
\when i look back on all these worries, i remember the story of the old man who said on his deathbed that he had had a lot of trouble in his life \64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,?\if heaven and hell decide\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"heat exhaustion    couldnt think of a better way to end a race    ok, maybe i could"
finally a relaxing night at home
finally    bed    we will see if i can stay awake long enough to get there    
"is finding it very difficult to find somebody using a generalized location, first name    and their tast eof music"
i have a feeling fog machines cause cancer
i would run while you have a <propmale>    my other four personalities want you dead
hates mixed messages
"so far a very good weekend, we'll see how it holds"
?i got a feeling! that this week's gonna be a good week!?
i is definitely in a good mood now
"a good day, now to sit and relax"
"good night all, another beautiful day    lovely weather we have been having lately"
"just had the best race of his life, despite a hurt back, and having to puddle-jump   gotta love the rain"
\scars are souvenirs you never lose\,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"feels like he just had a but-load of caffine      but didnt    must be adrenaline    no clue why that would be randomly secreting into my blood stream    unless i had a tumor    thats it, i probably just have cancer, thats why i feel so hyper"
"\what did i tell you about folding the maps?\""\",64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"\im going to try to get a pimp\"" - branond kynsi"""
"put\this as your status and see what people rate you : 1= crazy , 2=i'd \marry you, 3=talkative 4=sarcastic , 5=i miss you , 6=i'd kiss you , \7=moody , 8=smart , 9=energetic , 10=spoiled , 11=random, 12=hot , \13=funny , 14=fit , 15=amazing , 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=beautiful , \      19=freak ,"
"we are the underdogs today, but upsets happen     thats why they call them upsets"
"i believe the the news just stated our antions obesity problem in the nicest possible way \since the 1970s people in <propfemale> have been getting better at gaining weight\"""""
?\and now this dancing has turned to falling \,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,is home    finally!!!      
its 11:11 on 11 11
nobody seems to be on     i guess its time to start a conversation with myself
"hit a deer     i think everything is still good, including the truck and the deer"
and <propmale> dartanian bissell is born
my nephews not even a week old and he has more facial hair than me! and back hair   
has 42 friends on currently!!!! just thought i would say that being as it is a significant number
"dangit, i was wrong    it wasnt 1-800-222-8222     it was 1-800-222-1222"
my jaw hurts   
the restroom door said gentlemen so i just walked inside     
"come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me!!!"
"6: haha, one of my best friends, since first grade     and i think before    good times, and not so good times, and we can talk about anything"
"  7: ahh, ever since that 6th grade math project, youve been one of my best friends, except for a few     rough times we could say,     have liked you wa"
"y too much at times, ill admit, but im glad we are friends!"
"  74: met you during one of the best weeks ever!! we need to get together sometime    as well as everyone, i miss you all, really think we should see eac"
h other sometime    and tell jesus i said hi!
"  69: love our camping trips and cruise! from digging out chipmunks to studying the eating habbits of humans, we always find something interesting to occ"
upy our time
"run in circles, confuse enemy, tackle    repeat    i knew it would work    i didnt know it would work so well"
good today 
"wrestling has a duel against grants pass, it is home, at 6 o'clock    be there or be square"
stupid phone     just had to die on me
i hate achieved a life goal  won an argument with yoda logic
has a new 30-inch blow-gun    can you say guerrilla warfare?
is making a computer game    so far it is a truck you can move around with the arrow keys    needless to say it is a work in progress
stupid school policies     ruin my fun
got to love how easy orien is to find  and thus how easy it is to find taurus and the seven women they fight for  after millenia can't they learn to share?
parking ticket!!
found the answer to the wikileaks question  that was easy
"\all men are frauds  the only difference between them is that some admit it    i myself deny it  \"""""
guess what everybody! i am an aries!!!
?\and so i'll plead with you one last time \,64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"she sat outside that echoing hall recollecting not a thing at all\and everything was clearly there, but it wasn't for her \a word of torture stalks this girl, tears stream so much no more impearl,\protected by us  she'll shatter one day"
goodbye brielle
"she was still wearing white and robins egg blue,\her grandmother’s dress,\when i left early this year, how i wound up here,\is anyone’s guess,"
"\every mushroom cloud has a silver lining\""\",64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,"?i might of had a side kick with a funny name\running wild through the hills chasing <propfirst> <propfirst>?"
i placed  the question now is    what place?
the 103 pounders are wrestling like heavyweights    works better if you are 3 times the size
marafiki
hmmm  strange how changing my facebook's language to english(india) has given everything i read a horrible indian accent created by my father
"so far it appears the weathermen were \100%\"" wrong"""
meteorologist says the snow should be stopping soon    you know what that means?    snow garanteed throughout the night!!! yippeee
i am hot    or so the snow claims
"haha, i changed my language to pirate, now my spell corrector on mozilla firefox is going crazy trying to fix the errors in me spelling"
"poor napolean, i was just studying some of his battles, and he really had to try his hardest to get into a fight    just his arrival sent the allies running"
"we should go back to athenian democracy    where the elected officials are elected via lottery, and the courts have no restrictions on crimes or punishment    whatever the jurors decide goes "
"\imaginarium of doctor parnassus\"" is the weirdest movie i have ever seen    i am not even sure who won the bet    or what <propmale> got if he did win"""
yeaah!!! i get to <propfemale> out with seventh and eigth graders next year!!!!!! (figured i woul bring a positivestatus to the flood of negative ones about this)
and remember  it's always a great day to be a chieftain    a japanese however   
"\i didnt know you could poke holes in nickels!!!\""\",64714fec479d7a36b1cae242dfa1b4c4,yes! eight feet today! if only i had a witness
<propfirst> whipple hates vaulters block  period 
coming back from shoji's for my sisters' birthdays
should have asked for a phone number
i am writing my paper on drugs    its supposed to be 2 <propfemale>s single spaced?    i have half a <propfemale>
