5760e879a2d2ab2160dc827f2dd9fa8b
happy new year
new year = new start
is under the sun in phuket  smile 
in thailand with tip poolvoraluck!!!
is on her way back to <propfirst> kong 
in hk with tip poolvoraluck
is in seoul 
i want to put cookie in my tummy now 
just ran from stubbs road back to conduit road 
rip kristey 
have homework to do  hate those people who asked for homework!
keeps forgetting to do her homework 
loves to watch goldfishes!
wants to marry mcdull!
"at the airport in munich, waiting for my flight to thessaloniki   "
is in thessaloniki
school starts tomorrow!
survived her first day of college classes 
first week of school is over already  no school every friday in greece!
has no clue how to do her greek homework!
is sick for the fourth time this year  this has to end! enough is enough!
is going to bulgaria tomorrow!
is finally back in greece alive!
only loves <propfemale> castner's cooking  joking i love her 
is so excited to go to london tomorrow and see jesslyn leung and <propfemale> hsu!
is on my way to london!
is exhausted after freaking out for 12 hours because all her flights got delayed and her luggage got lost but she's finally with jesslyn leung 
finally got her suitcase and is having good food and shopping in london!
just had the most original traditional fish and chips 
is not going to be back in thessaloniki until 1:45am  sad 
is finally back in thessaloniki   
just got back from athens  loved it!
is slowly dying from studying eu politics for her mid-term exam tomorrow 
is still sleepy after sleeping for 11 hours  smile 
thanks <propfirst> so for the shoutouts and songs on the radio show  you made my day better 
is going to watch the premiere for new <propfemale> tonight  ha!
this month has been rough          
really really wants to go home 
wants summer'09 again 
"misses princeton, new york city and home  i'm basically ready to leave "
miss going up to the peak with someone special 
is so excited to go to istanbul for the weekend but not excited for the 12 hour bus ride 
just got back from istanbul 
"\happiness is only real when shared \"" -<propfirst> mccandless"""
has so much work and is so stressed out and wants to go home now  i mean now!
love actually is all around 
the truth is ugly 
"why bother studying when the world is ending on december 21st, 2012 "
done done done with exams and school  smile 
is going back home in less than 24 hours  bye thessaloniki and hello <propfirst> kong 
is back in <propfirst> kong 
<propfemale> christmas!! a very hot christmas   
"goodbye <propfirst> kong, hello boston "
is sick and moved in northeastern 
can't stand the freezing weather in boston!
got woken up and it was fatburn time!
is 19!
had the best birthday in 4 years where there's no mid term nor sat studying involved  thank you everyone!
just received a 10kg worth of package from her mummy!  smile 
is going skiing tomorrow!
can i just ignore my homework?
happy chinese new year  smile 
"i love shopping, it makes me happier  smile "
6th time being sick within a year    how weak can my immune system be?
i want to skip everything and be home for summer  smile 
new york city tomorrow!
calculus will be the end of me 
"it's 9 surprise 0pm, goodnight everyone  smile "
should i go back to  boston on sept  2nd for a  family wedding in boston or sept  6th where i  can eat more yummy food  and be lazy for four more days at home? help me  decide!
summer please hurry! i'm ready to get tan!
going to cheesecake facotry after gym! say hello to calories  smile 
i miss the times when i can eat whatever the hell i want and still be stick skinny 
"nyc and princeton,nj this weekend with <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile "
"back in boston    it was really good to be back in princeton, the good old days "
just found out i got tricked on april fools   
"i wear a t shirt to go outside and a sweatshirt in my room  my room is like a freezer, how do you turn off this stupid ac!"
everything is failing in my life
coughing every 10 minutes for the past week and it's not getting any better  sad 
"done with freshman classes, it's about to study for finals now  sad "
i hate calculus with a passion!  sad 
summer officially begins now!! done with finals and freshman year  smile  but i still gotta pack   
can someone help me please? i got a mountain of clothes and an e playful loding suitcase 
in jfk lounge! can't wait to get on the plane and sleeeepp  i slept for half an hour last night since i had to sleep on bare rock hard plastic mattress and make my towel as my blanket and my clothes as my pillow    
leaving jfk in a bit and heading back to <propfirst> kong!
<propfirst> kong! home sweet home  smile 
in desperate need of some intense group fitness classes and sauna sessions with <propfemale> cheng and miglia cornejo!
looking forward to sept  13! season four gossip girl!!
i am so mad with housing!!!!!
living in 10 coventry with miglia cornejo and <propfemale> prassas next year  smile 
celtics!
singapore!
good luck jesslyn leung on your exams! see you soon  smile 
"come on spain!  love  villa, torres & casillas"
my best friend dropped her blackberry in the toilet bowl 5 surprise 0am!!!!!!!
"good job spain!!!  love  <propmale> torres, iker casillas & <propfirst> villa!"
"went to disneyland, the happiest place in the world where dreams come true!"
"so i've watched saw i, ii, iii, iv, v and <propfemale>  i'm looking forward to watch saw <propfemale>i on oct  29th!"
studying and writing paper in bed isn't a good idea
done with summer school already    i will miss you all  sad 
"happy birthday to a girl i've known for seven years, i miss you <propfemale> <propfemale>  love "
one head smoke 
happy birthday to jesslyn leung! my best friend who i've known for 10 years! i love you  smile 
"i do not want to pack, i am not ready to leave <propfirst> kong  sad "
leaving <propfirst> kong in 7 hours  sad 
"back in boston    sick, jet lag and missing <propfirst> kong  sad "
i'm sorry if i don't text back or if i don't pick up my phone    my phone is being weird but my blackberry is coming in a couple of days!
i finally got my blackberry!! what's your pin? add me! pin: 229d5955 thanks so much <propfemale> koh  love 
i finally got my blackberry!! what's your pin? add me! pin: 229d5955 thanks so much <propfemale> koh ?
so pumped for first day of group fitness class!
i want summer to come back! i don't like this cold weather  sad 
happy mid-autumn festival!! it's time to eat mooncake  smile 
on my way to boot camp!
just got whatsapp!
"so excited to write my next essay for my chinese class, because i get to write about <propfirst> kong food!"
my tuesdays got busier    3 back to back classes and tutoring at the ymca right after  done at 6  sad 
no hot water tonight     shower at the gym!
"accidentally poured hot water on my hand, great way to start my morning   "
no more online shopping until next year 
does it mean anything to you? guess not    whatever 
i miss pooh  love 
hi my name is <propfemale> and i'm a shopaholic 
advent calender + snow = it's christmas again!
why do i always have to get sick before i go home!
done! it's time to pack and go home!
h o n g  k o n g!
singapore!
i will see you soon 
it's time for me to leave again    this christmas break went by too fast    but i had so much fun! see you soon <propfirst> kong  sad 
boston 
homesick + jet lag + fever + homework = : (
went from an aquarius to a capricorn
i still haven't unpack my suitcase    and i'm still feeling a little jet lag?
my tailbone hurts so much i can barely sit properly    this is what you get first time snowboarding!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!
"media fast starts now! no phone, no internet    talk to you after 24 hours or less  smile "
?????????!
"happy chinese new year! ????, ????, ????, ????, ????, ????!"
"jesslyn leung and <propfemale> <propfemale> we need a skype date asap! i miss talking, hanging out and getting crazy with you guys     love "
calculus loves me so much it's not letting me sleep!
 crying 
i feel fat and gross after stuffing my face with yummy food over the break    it's time to hit the gym again to tone up for the summer!
so excited to see <propfemale> koh and the things she got me  smile 
snowing? mid-march? this is crazy   
first day of the year i'm not wearing a big fluffy chunky jacket out!
jersey shore finale!
i'm so tired   looking forward to this weekend  smile 
"snow on the ground, big jacket, big scarf, boots and its april! april fool?"
