908fdcde5299cb94174cda35dc15e43c
only my family would think to camp out in the backyard together to watch the meteor shower as a family  and require that everyone participates ha 
summer homework time
i loooove brookie  smile   love 
just got home from reefer madness and i must say it was pretty great  smile  now time to get my lines down  playful 
ahh make-up work is a pain  annoyed 
so today was probably the best one year anniversary i could ever think of  smile 
studying=boring+lack of sleep
ah i fucked up!
so i just realized today that i've still never seen all of <propmale> gump haha
i'm bored someone text me  smile 
i am currently dying from continuous sneezes and painful coughs  annoyed 
i just want to be happy
come see broadway review tomorrow night at 7 surprise 0 it is $5
agh freaking homework
ah! glee season finale i'm excited!  smile 
yay! school is finally out  laugh 
aw fuck
feels numb   
agh another rehearsal  annoyed 
can't sleep
i can't sleep anymore  i wish i had a good book to read ha
why is it that if i i say i'm not hungry my mother still insists and makes me food? haha
just got home from seeing letters to <propfemale> with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  fyi my arm hurts because <propfirst> is a girl and kept hitting me at that cute parts haha
"i love how i'm home half an hour late, which is technically 30 <propfemale>  early from my summer curfew, and i get grounded  whereas my brother has friends over the same time i get home and without my mother knowing and he doesn't get in any form of trouble "
my head hurts 
when someone texts you and says entertain me  what on earth are you supposed to say back? haha
i am off for l a  soon so text me to make the long car drive a little less boring  smile 
haha i pretty much jacked my cousin's laptop from him  playful 
i love that i have an amazing friend that i can be a complete jerk to and they'll still be there for me maybe a little bit bitter but they're still there for me  smile 
yay! shopping in downtown l a   smile  text me
fun fun fun and new stuff  smile 
ow i was just attacked!
i'm about to leave for my way back to las vegas  smile  nebraska is almost here!  laugh 
i am now home for a day to pack and get ready for nebraska!  laugh 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck   
mmmm i come home to filipino food  smile  and my sisters taking over my bed  annoyed 
this is fucking bullshit
sytycd was amazing!
i've been cooking and baking all day  smile 
 
yay! i got my phone back so text me  smile 
lake was fun i'm super tired now text me  smile 
going to a party and then staying the night at <propfemale>'s text me  smile 
sad <propfirst> got voted off due to injury  sad  i didn't quite understand if they were saying that he could come back next season or not though hopefully he can 
"like this & i'll tell you what i like, dislike, confession, & first impression i got about you "
sooo i'm thinking about giving up on this like dislike crap about  people it's going to take forever haha  playful 
ow i have a bruise and a hurting shoulder that i'm asuming i acquired from last night haha i'm getting tired text me  smile 
aww i just went on spellingbeethemusical com and it made me want to cry haha
ugh i'm stubborn and it feels like i have trouble being happy    but on the brightside predators was good ha
i love when you think about something you posted a few months ago and then you just laugh haha i feel like a retard  playful 
i feel like dancing now  smile 
ugh babysitting  annoyed  text me
i miss my friends i feel trapped in my stupid house  sad 
i am so ridiculously bored and it shows with the amount of food i've cooked today and the amount of hours wasted in front of the television  someone enterain me  sad 
god i give up on relationships  anyone up for random meaningless revenge sex?
yay! to new clothes  smile 
this is probably the worst feeling ever in my life  i feel worse then numb and hurt  i need someone or something 
my new obsession baseball players  playful 
i've been doing a lot of thinking lately 
oh geeze lacrosse is boring  playful 
i feel like i should go back to sleep but i'm not tired   haha
ah! tv shows and books make me want to go to the east coast  playful  haha
i officially love a very potter musical haha it's fantastic  smile 
today has been a long day
"something’s started crazy sweet and unknown\something you keep in a box on the street \now it’s longing for a home"
i am bored and tired  smile 
so i'm kinda thinking waking up tomorrow is going to be a pain in the ass
i'm tired but i took a three hour nap earlier soooo now i can't sleep haha
yay! i'm excited  laugh 
so i just woke up haha
fucking fuck   
 laugh 
i cannot wait until i get switched out of my english class  smile  haha
"wow, no rehearsal until next wednesday  that's over a week! crazy haha  smile "
why does october have to be such a busy month? at least it's fun busy  smile 
it's kind of funny how just about anything can relate to trueblood or the sookie stackhouse novels in my mind haha
so basically i'm going to fail my math test tomorrow 'cause i don't understand shit haha 
really douche? wow   
"umm hi <propmale> \puck\"" puckerman i love you  can we get married and have lots of sex and babies?"""
i'm salivating because i want it in my mouth haha <propfemale> <propmale>  smile 
i'm pretty sure i'm exhausted today has been a long day  smile 
everyone should come see lip sync tonight!  smile  tonight at 7 at <propfemale> my brother is dancing!  playful  hahaha well me too
so i come home to a new bed in my room  i'm pretty sure i'm going to fall on the floor tonight haha  playful 
i like having new options  smile 
my family gets into some heated debates haha
i love this kind of weather  smile 
i fucking hate cats  end of story 
this is taking too long  it's very tedious and frustrating bleh  annoyed 
weird     annoyed 
me and my mom are off to the gym text me  smile 
sooo everybody should go to <propfemale> high school's halloweenival today ya?  smile 
now i feel a lot better  smile 
bleh i just cleaned my room ha  smile 
i'm pretty sure i'm not looking forward to school tomorrow  annoyed 
its kind of sad that i'm just now getting home and eating dinner haha  i'm tired 
so i've decided that i need to <propfemale> out with my friends more often because i miss that haha
ahhh! umm can i just say that i love glee sooo freaking much!  smile 
"letting go is hard but it feels right  there's always something better out there, something to look forward to and hope for  love "
filipino food and <propmale> potter movie marathon tonight is a good night  smile 
umm so does anyone have a copy of deathly hallows that i could possibly borrow? haha  smile 
midnight premiere of <propmale> potter who else is extremely excited?  laugh 
congrats patriots! i'm determined to get to reno next week  smile 
hahahaha i love my family they're all a bunch of drunk attention seeking opera musical theatre singers  smile 
i'm bummed  annoyed 
happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile 
"too much wine, lots of food, singing, tons of asians, and a community marathon that's thanksgiving at my house  smile "
good luck patriots!  smile 
who's smart and wants to come help me with my trig test?  smile 
i'm not feeling the whole school thing for tomorrow and my nose is cold  annoyed 
come see our town tonight at 7  smile 
"it's raining outside and me, my sisters, and mom are baking  today is a good day  smile  text me and maybe i'll share some fudge and cookies with you  playful "
just got back from a jazz class it was wonderful  smile 
so i freaking love how i met your mother  fyi in case anyone was wondering haha  smile 
i am so proud of my cast tonight! you guys were wonderful! if you didn't see the one acts tonight then go see it  smile 
so anyone interested in a last minute late night trig study session to help me pass my exam?  playful  haha
"<propfemale> <propmale> is my best friend in the world, and so lovely!  smile "
so i'm kinda really not looking forward to this upcoming week  annoyed 
i'm pretty sure i'm dying haha someone come take care of me  playful 
this is possibly the best movie ever  smile 
i kinda have a super hard dilemma right now bleh haha
birds freak me out  
"all freshman, sophomores and juniors like this  i need you and your friends for my stats project "
my dogs have the most guilty looks on their faces right now haha
i want to go ice skating haha  smile 
sappy love stuff makes me want to fall in love  love 
"roses are red, violets are blue, fuck you whore  happy valentines  smile "
i have wonderful and amazing friends  love 
hmm p90x yoga is sounding pretty good right about now i'm thinking that's what i'm doing before bed  smile  haha
mmm that was a lovely workout  smile 
ah crazy i'll be 18 in a week  smile  haha
this is what i do during rehearsal  sit on facebook haha
my mom is so cute when she's drunk  smile  haha
going to the movies with my mom  smile 
its impossible to sing in my house without getting a voice lesson bleh haha
i don't suppose anyone is a closet statistics genius that wants to help me study last minute for the test i forgot about?  smile  haha
umm nap time? yes i think so  smile 
"finding out i don't have to go the shows on my birthday, glee is on, and i got two early birthday presents  today is looking pretty good  smile "
airhead extremes are disappointing they just make me want sour punch straws  annoyed  haha
thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday it means a lot  smile 
so i just witnessed a fight happen over a parking spot it was the funniest thing ever haha
this has been an awesome birthday weekend  smile 
i'm tired  annoyed 
i'm really concerned because i have a bunch of random bruises and i have no idea where they came from haha
you got your dog from a crackhead?
life is a lof of trial and error - and the times i've gone against what felt right never worked out
its kind of ridiculous how mad that made me haha
i feel so untouched that i want you so much somehow i can't resist you its not enough to say that i miss you
i'm kind of terrified and freaking out right now! haha
"today has been pretty great! i went to the gym, ate a salad, and now i have a job interview tomorrow  smile  i'm pretty jazzed right now haha"
i love how if zachell doesn't hear from me within like a few hours she automatically thinks that i'm dead haha i love my best friend  love 
"could today be any more perfect? gym, rehearsal, new job, sushi, and glee to finish off the night  smile "
wtf? that's all i have to say 
editing basketball team photos is a pain in the ass  annoyed 
i feel like a mother right haha i'm checking homework and making sure the kids are getting along ha
come see my last show tonight at 7 it's $5 and i'll love you forever and ever  smile  haha
basically i suck    the end 
i'm pretty sure that once i leave <propfemale>'s house i'm going to be obese haha
"bleh, as much as i'm looking forward to prom i'm really not haha"
i'm bored haha someone entertain me  smile 
"there's a moment where you say to yourself, \oh there you are  i've been looking for you forever \"""""
so i've decided i want to learn an instrument haha someone teach me  smile 
"<propfemale> <propmale> makes me high, naturally  it's awesome  so is she   smile "
"i hate how easily that feeling comes back, a simple reminder and it just all comes back  its hard "
hmm i'm bored haha
basically i'm actually really happy with my life right now  smile 
i have asshole friends that say my laugh sounds like a dog panting     sad 
"i should tell you i'm disaster, i forget how to begin it"
"umm i'm so nervous, i'm pretty sure my heart is going to jump out of chest and i've drank so much <propfemale> i could party with pooh bear "
