6533c0bc2cf181cf363fa833ce8e7646
is lifting an elephant   with his mind!
chillaxin hard core
lookin for love with no success sad 
how do you know you are in love? when you don't want to go to sleep because real life is finally better than your dreams =p
the heart is the <propfemale> of love  why do i feel like mine has been reduced to rubble sad 
hahaha i am <propmale>     stupid llama 
i'm off to bed  night everyone=ppppp
where did all those pink elephants go????
idk what the world has to offer but i am ready for it=p
glee in t minus 9 minutes!
annoyed cause i can't sleep and no one is talking to me 
i really like the stars tonight 
haha <propfemale>! thanx for keeping me up <propfemale>oo late  well goodnight all  i'm finally getting some shuteye  if you believe in something <propfemale> strongly it has to become a reality  night=p
omg <propmale> opens on thursday!!!!!!!!!! sooo ready 
going to church now buh bye 
home from work! nappy time smile 
"there's a fine fine line between love, and a waste of your time "
be happy!
so i am once more stating the obvious  it's snowing outside  hmm
got double casted as curly!!!!!
musical opens in three days!!!!!!!!!! come see it  it'll be epic!!!!!!!!!
tomorrow is the day!!!!!
i love you guys even though i hardly get to see you anymore
my older brother is an ass hole  srry everyone he is a douche  i would'nt even say that
on a green day kick as far as music wise! damnit <propfemale> see what you do to me ahhh!!!!! but hey they're fuckin awesome! jesus of suburbia!
freakin a i woke up too late to help move    sad day
i am  missing my bff <propfemale> much  the one other person who knows all about me  come back yo or i'll slap you with michaunes <propmale>!
i like these pineapples!!!!
b awesome day  went to the mall with the family  smile  yay
"had a bad scare the other night and none of my \best friends\"" were there for me  i call them to try and talk to them about it no one answers or the're too busy  wow i don't think i have ever felt so abandoned and alone """
tonight was fun  <propmale> out with michaune and she has my book!!!!! dang but it was still fun  work on wednesday but hey it's all good smile )))
and furthermore i gotta update pics  i have new hairstyle smile a
work tomorrow    yay!
"hello, hello baby? you called? i can't hear a thing annoyed  i have got no service in this club you see see "
found my phone!!!! woot smile  now alls i need is some minutes smile )))
beddy bye time smile  work tomorrow and hanging with the michaune <propfirst> and kas  much love to all my peeps smile  haha for a second there i sounded black wink 
going to bed  six hours in the morning  i feel at peace and spiritual   smile  night all
i have decided  i vow for the next two years i am going to train in dance and season nine or ten of so you think you can dance i will be there  <propfirst> and <propfirst> you have inspired me more than you will ever know  i thank you both smile 
just got off of work an hour and a half ago    have to wake up to go back in in three hours    sleeeeeep!!!!
up for another glorious day of corporate <propfemale>  three hour shift 
i don't care what people say the rush is worth the price i pay  i get so high when you're with me but crush and crave you when you leave    do i make your heart beat like an 808 drum? is my love your drug?    i like your beard smile 
stawberry's my favorite!
"for\ 24 hrs you can ask me one question  (inbox only) i will answer it no \matter what  you have my full honesty  i dare you to put this as your \status and see what questions you get "
so really i think i may be feelin it  hmmm
he loves my friends    awww smile )))
sometimes being a cusp sucks annoyed  well thats what i get for being born on the line  but hey it makes me special and unique smile 
today was pretty boss smile )) good day smile  work tomorrow but hey i love it smile ))
"it's not in your face, your eyes or even in your heart  it's only in your soul that the true distortion lies "
ust got off of work annoyed  got to get up at five am to be at work by six sad (( but i do get to see him tomorrow smile ))))))))))) that makes it all better smile 
ahhhhhhh!!!!! i am soooooo chipper right now smile  smiles are contagious and they are the only thing i would ever want to catch  so be a love bug and spread the good mood becaues when you smile the world smiles with you smile ))
youre a  good man <propfirst> brown was really good smile  congrats guys
kinda want to cry right now
i say this because you will never read this and because you have no idea how much it's true i love you! and hey i'm sorry but it's the truth
today watching some so you think you can dance then eating icecream and watching sad love stories  hopefully get to <propfemale> with michaune and <propfirst>  then if by some miracle i might actually get to see my boyfriend  i hope so cause i miss him so much  i have already lost two of the people i love most in the world so i kind of need him right now 
do you have the time to listen to me whine about nothing and everything all at once?
together we'll be the greatest team theres ever been galinda!
 smile 
t sleep  work in four hours    supposed to go clubbing and <propfemale> out with <propmale> today    pret<propmale> happy  except for the cant sleep thing smile 
clubbung @ <propmale>'s tonight!!!!!
clubbing*
nothing like karaoke to do some bonding  smile  <propmale> and aj i love you guys!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\who's the cutie with the face? you know with the eyes and those teeth with the vital organs??? oh    you must mean the one with the hair and the subconscious? yeah dude i think her name was terry\""  hahaha best line ever!"""
"\i'm like a dog with a bone but with nowhere to bury it\"" lol"""
hahaha just when you think life is at it's worst and there is no way it can go even more wrong something like this happens  you know a heart can only break so many times before there's nothing left
eh lets try to move on  i want to be happy again  smile  friends assemble!!!
ope from work    time for pancakes and sausage!!!!!
ahhhhhhh!!!! work at four in the morning and i just got off  can you say no sleep??? oh well whatever it takes to get to where i need to be as an actor and make it out of this town i will gladly do it 
"like my status and i'll tell you 1) something \i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2) the \color you remind me of 3) my first memory of you 4) the animal you \remind me of 5) something i've always wondered about you 6) my favorite \thing about you 7) a weird nickname  smile  what's on my shirt right now 9) \to challenge you to post this "
best day ever!!!!!  smile )))))))))) i am happy and content smile 
i speak six languages!!! oh wait no     i dont  dang it for a second i felt sooo cool smile 
home from work smile 
alright peoples  you get to ask me one question and i will be totally honest with you  ready??? go!!!! but remember if you really dont want to know dont ask cause i will be way honest 
eally? no one has any questions they have been dying to ask me? alright peoples one last <propmale> i will answer all questions posted to me in the next fourty eight hours  ready??? go!!!!
dear men of the world  stop being assholes and just tell someone how you feel instead of being around for a few days and then dissappearing off the face of the earth! thank you and goodnight 
o he was really sweet tonight  smile  wounder what he'll do to mess it up this time  geeze    men 
so it's official  amda audition on the 11th and if i get in and get financial <propfemale> i move down there in early february  i am super excited and scared at the same time 
"so the coture look with the elbows out and the concave stomache say \give me a sandwich\""  models be hungry lol """
had really bomb pizza today! vegan pizza  annoyed egit but regular pizza still rock the old socks 
being alone maks you feel sooo many things at one time    weird  damn emotions tale a holiday or something!
"bad nights cause'n teenage blues  get down ladies you've got nothing to lose! hello daddy, hello mom i'm your ch ch ch ch ch <propfemale> bomb! hello world i'm your wild girl\i'm your ch ch ch ch ch <propfemale> bomb!"
so instead of liking all these pics just check the out  oklahoma!!!
good day at work today! mhmm good stuff smile 
aren't boyfriends the best  smile  it's finally official smile 
closets are ment for clothes not people!!!!
oing out with the boyfriend tonight smile  super excited love 
"i\m the <propfemale> of <propfemale>!!!!!"""
boyfriend drove me to my moms last night  thanx <propfemale>!
off to work in like half an hour
off to work! smile 
oh <propfemale> d and rum yum yum!
"off to bed work, in like four hours "
dishes done  now time to shower and get some sleep  work at 4 am  goodnight facebook 
"i'm gonna live and live now! get what i want, i know how!"
i oficially hate writing college admission papres annoyed 
"dear everyone who is on my back,\back off! i am only human i make mistakes and you know what life is kinda tough right now  i don't need you in my ear reminding me of how much my life sucks and would greatly appreciate it if you all would just kinda you know not remind me  thanx"
i'm done  it hurts too much and i have neither the time nor energy 
black friday!!!!!! let's do it do it!
oh target how i love thee smile  pillow pets are satans foot soldires but who cares! target rocks!!!!
i am finally talking to one of my best friends again!!!! happy day smile 
just <propmale> out with the bestfriend and <propfemale>  love  good times smile 
one way or another i'm getting my car tomorrow 
finally finished all my papers!!!!!!!
had a blast with thhe gang tonight!!!! kelso you <propfemale> i missed you  reeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllly tired so it's beddy bye time  night!
inbox me with any # and ill answer what i think bout you in my status  smile 
#144 oh my smile  i remember when i met you i thought you were mean lol  now i think you are the sweetest person with a really hot cousin and i am glad i have the pleasure of calling you friend  p s we need to <propfemale> out more lol  you really are amazing and dont forget it 
ah #13  well i have known you for a short while but you are pretty amazing! you make me laugh and are one of the funniest queens i know! we should <propfemale> out more but hey i love ya too 
#2! i e playful ected you lol what took so long  where to start    hmmm i freakin love you  you are just my cup of tea and i can always count on you  i have watched you grow as an actress and person and i swear we couldnt be closer if we shared blood! you will always be my <propfemale> face though!
#69! really man    haha ok  well yeah it's been about seven years bro  you and <propmale> man geeze  um what can i say besides you have been there and i cant thank you enough  i love you and even though sometimes you are hard to take in (gigity) i will be there for you bro  much love smile 
14    haha fun times we have had  our deep rivalry  it's all been fun  i miss ya and wish we had more time smile 
#17 you make me laugh at times lol
oh #3!!!!! i love you! you are my little person and you always will be fo sho!!!!!!
#617 smile  you are an inspiration! i love you because you are someone i look up to and aspire to be like one day  plus you are like a dear!!!! love ya bro!
#369 hey you are amazin  what can i say  you dance like a nyph and are twice as fair  miss you a bit and hope to see you soon 
#27  wow you's a crazy beast  but i love you all the same  we have had our ups and downs but i am not complete without you ever  you literally are like part of who i am as a person and as scary as that is i realize it's true  you are my ch ch ch ch ch ch <propfemale> bomb  yo
and last but not least 989898 you are interesting  i love you and i find i may actually have feelings for you which scares me  you are an amazing guy and idk where to go from here but you make me smile 
alright last one!!!#19 haha i have known you for an eternity too! at first i didnt know if i liked ou or if you were just plain mean  now i realize that you can be really nice and a good friend at the same time  i kinda wish we <propmale> out more 
ok i know i said the last one was it but this girl!!!!#09282010!!! gurl you are amazing!!! you inspired me in part to pursue this crazy dream we call show biz!your voice makes angels cry and your stage presence is something to behold  not tomention you are one of the coolest chicks i know  i am proud to call you a friend  smile 
ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! my car is finally here! a 1989 <propfemale> benz!!!!!! my first car!!!! i need to name her    but what?
her name is officially <propfemale>!
home alone annoyed 
audition tomorrow!!!!! trippin out!!!
goin down to la this morning for my audition! wow time to put on my big boy pants guys   smile 
omg!!!! auditions were intense!!!!! i feel like i did ok and now i'm real stoked!!!!! fingers crossed smile 
home boys hangin out  all that ass hangin out!
so i just had the most amazing nap smile  and now i feel grrrreat!!!
so i've decided  i'm gonna wash my car tomorrow smile 
haha i want a man  i'm not asking for perfect cause thats boring he can look good and be nice at least
ketchup you're being modest! you're not fancy    you're elegant smile 
and off to the mall we go!
well bed time kiddies! work in the am  night smile 
off to work! hi-ho!
off to work  again 
and now we're right back where we began!
need gas annoyed 
"<propfemale> christmas, and happy holidays!"
"every  so often we long to steal to the land of what might have been, but that doesnt soften the ache we feel when reality sets back in  annoyed "
feelin a little depressed annoyed  and kinda ugly  people are mean sad 
"woke up this mrning and said \hey todays gonna be a great day!!!\"""""
woooo! had a great night smile  met new bomb awesome people  gosh! smile  love 
getting ready for work! long shift ahead
"the day, she has been long  the phone? she is dead  the charger, she is lost  woah to be a sad french man!no! the books? they are good! wee! i must look for the good!  smile "
so was about to go to bead  then decided to listen to fireworks    smile  i love that song smile 
finished all my new books smile  now i'm bored annoyed 
well off to bed kinda confused annoyed   happy birthday ais! had fun hangin out and what not with the frisbee cookies smile 
watching inception! soooooo goood smile  step up 3 was pretty legit too smile  cant wait to dance again!!!!
ahhhh! good morning!!!!! worked out  lifted weights listened to some buble smile  hopefully get to see my bamf bff's today smile  woot
hmmmm shower time??? i think so smile 
just when life looks dreary you see something so simple yet beautiful beyond beliefe and it just makes it all worth it smile 
"wow today has been an awesome movie day! both grindehouse movies, ingloriouse bastards, kill <propmale> volumes1,2and3 and not to mention pulp fiction smile  amazingnesssssss!!!!"
kitchen done and trying to decide if i should spend 20 on gas tomorrow or save it   choices choices  smile 
i wanna learn gaelic
and i'm off like a rocket to the moon! laugh  night 
time to wash and clean the car annoyed 
car is finally clean! smile 
just counted buisness spendings for tomorrow annoyed  i'll have just enough left over for disneyland annoyed 
rockin out to bohemian rhapsody!!!!!!
"<propmale> wells: if you want something bad, you have to fight for it  step up your game, <propfirst>  break out the l-word  \<propfirst> pilgrim: lesbian? \<propmale> wells: the other l-word  \<propfirst> pilgrim:    lesbians?\ha!"
"<propmale> wells: hey, what's up with his outfit? \guy in crowd: yeah, is he a pirate? \<propfirst> pilgrim: are you a pirate? \<propfirst> patel: pirates are in this year!"
bomb day at d land!
just found out     i made it into amda!!!!!!!! i am sooooooo excited smile  la here i come!!!! gotta find more grants and whatnot to make it happen  sweetness smile  i'm a college boy now love 
goin down to my gma's today!
went to california adventures for the first time yesterday as well as d land   quite exquisite smile  tower of terror soarin over california and the coaster are must do's!!!!
wow really??? haha i give up!!!!!!!!! on love on life i'm done with this town annoyed  ugh!!!!!!!!!! can't wait to get tyhe heck outta here and go to la
cranberry juice and vodka!!!
cares a girl!!! haha pretty retty <propfemale>!
the date is set  feb 17 la here i come  ready? set  go!!!!!!
omg!!! dancer guy from electronica ttally checked me out while i waas dancing! smile  he was hot lol 
work work work!!!! haha almost time to go???
hahaha just got asked by an ex teacher if i robbed a pizza shop last week smile  ah the highlights of my life in the high desert  now off to work!
no work tomorrow!!!
need to buy dance stuff for school!
super bowl halftime sucked! except for slash lol smile 
superbowl sound tech please get your stuff together!
and usher saves the day!
and will i am lip sings!
gotta start packin for school sooner or later     later!
and off to work hi ho!
work work work! and now a blissful 15 <propfemale> break of nothingness smile 
gleeeeeee!!!!!!
work time!
work!!!! awww my last day annoyed 
packing for school sucks!!! but it's gotta be done smile 
last day in high desert annoyed  la tomorrow smile )))) so exited!
gonna be in la tomorrow! wish me luck smile 
officially leaving  bye high desert  i think i already miss you annoyed 
kabuki sushi!!!
rock of ages this saturday!!!
sitting in the pantages about to see rock of ages! oh hells yeah smile 
first day of classes later today!!! excitement smile  i miss my friends and family a grip though annoyed 
off to dance and movement!
"dear friends and family,\\   my phone is now dead  it will neither chaer or turn on so i may not be in touch for a while  i'm sorr and i'll try to fix it asap  love you all and talk to ya when i can \love,\<propfirst>"
flowers rainbow and meth      all in my mouth 
finally got my phone back! yay!!!
tiger heat last night      i was kinda gone 
off to study!!!! smile 
so         i'm coming home this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot wooot!!!!!
on my way home!!!
home!!!!
crap woke up late!!!!! <propmale> i'm ssooooooooo sorry
