6f6185cb55dd9f0cf932872fdc8ef119
can't wait to go to gatlinburg this weekend with my besties!!!  smile 
never forget you <propfirst>! we love you and miss you
back at iwu!!!!
<propfirst> is so much better than me 
oh wonderful classes
one more day of classes!!
god's love is so extravagent!
i love fall!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
is officially an aunty!!!! ahh!!!! happy birthday <propmale> <propfirst>!!!  laugh 
"live fully in the present, depending fully on god in each moment "
going to watch my roomie tonight at fnl   so excited!  smile 
i'm covinced that naps are a little piece of heaven on earth!
can't wait to go to the haunted house on thursday!!! yayyyyyy!!  laugh  <propfemale> excited!
"dear facebook: i am admitting to the world that i take numerous, unnecessary naps  these naps are usually for no reason "
thinks its hilarious when <propfirst> gets mad when i take naps because she doesn't have time  so therefore she tries to tell me i'm not aloud   hahaha not so much!
going to bestie's lovely abode for the weekend!  smile 
had a blast this weekend  ready for this week to be over already 
 laugh 
"so do not fear, for i am with you; do not be dismayed, for i am your god  i will strengthen you and help you; i will uphold you with my righteous right hand  ~isaiah 41:10"
cant wait for the weekend!  smile 
e2w girls dont forget our party tonight!!!!  laugh 
"be strong and courageous  do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the lord your god goes with you; he will never leave you or forsake you \ ~deutoronomy 31:6"""
thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
one more final and a presentation   and im free!!!
i am freeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhh!!!!!!!! for an entire month!!!!!!
back to school today   can't wait til everybody gets back!
god keep your hands on those in haiti
<propfirst> made me do this    shame lol
"he is jealous for me, love's like a hurricane i am tree, bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy  and all of a sudden i am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by <propfemale>, and i realize just how beautiful you are and how great your affections are for me  o how he loves us "
"she decked herself with rings and jewelry, and went after her lovers, but me she forgot,\ declares the lord therefore i am now going to allure her; i will lead her into the desert and speak tenderly to her  ~hosea 2:13-14"""
delight yourself in the lord         and he will give you the desires of your heart  ~psalm 37:4
home for a week!!!! yayy!!!!!  laugh 
beautiful day!!!!!  laugh 
god woke you up this morning to effect someone's life   who did he wake you up for?
"how many of you really know all of the people on you friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me, you know, our very first encounter  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be, are we really friends?"
what a beautiful day to drive home to!  laugh  can't wait to see everybody!
yeah right!
yayyy i hunt squirrels! it's the funnest thing i've ever done!!
likes to lick bugs and then drink their guts in a milkshake!
had a wonderful day of playing outside with my friendsies  smile 
"thinks that e j  wood is the dumbest crumb i know! and i'm so glad that i'm triplets with my pretty roommates, <propfirst> <propfemale> quirk and <propfemale> badaszewski ! sumber is cumbing soon everyone   can't wait to chew lots of juicy fruit gumb!  love  wow, my day is just going swimmingly, it couldn't be better!"
last day of classes!!!!!! one more then wonderful weekend  smile 
"is considering getting a tattoo of a gilled  snail on my lower back   i don't have a sketch ready yet, but check  out the picture on my wall to get a general idea of what they look  like    let me know what you think"
has to learn to stop leaving myself logged in  thank you <propfirst> for the wonderful status update   everyone i am not getting a tatoo of snail 
two days left! bitter sweet   dont wanna leave my friendsies but <propfemale> ready to be done with classes!
done with finalsss!!!!!!!!!! ahhh  laugh 
back to iwu for may term ugh
gatlinburg + family + jeeps = perfection  smile 
perfect weekend with the family! got to see a bear and three babies about 10 feet away! it was amazing!
doorless jeep ride  laugh 
2 weeks til white water rafting! can't wait!!
one week from today and we'll be in tenn!  laugh 
few more days to go! so ready to be back!
hates night class ughhh! 3 hours of economics is not good for me in one sitting!
oh midterms will you ever end!!!??
had a wonderful weekend with friends    and no homework!  smile 
"the <propfemale> and stars declare who you are, i'm so unworthy, but still you love me!"
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood  smile 
comedy club with the girls tonight  smile 
the greatest acts of thanksgiving to god are acts of surrender 
has the body of a goddess! bow-chica-ow-owwwwww!
wish i was playing in the snow instead of sitting in the library  sad 
final portfolio you're killing me!
done til finals baby!  laugh 
thank you everyone for all the sweet birthday wishes!  smile  love you all!
back at iwu wayyy too early    not a big fan of an empty house  sad 
i'm so unworthy but still you love me! forever my heart will sing of how great you are
