47b65046c7466c34a298f953ded78144
happy new years!!!!!!!! its 2010    so what are you going to do with it???
still lookin for a job    anyone got one for me???
"going to play tomorrow, come along!"
   ?
"this stupid thing always asks \whats on your mind?\"" phf as if it really cared   """
go check out this web site: katsholidays worldventures biz
so now i know the roles in my head have been reversed there is nothing i can do to change the sitch
does anyone know where i can get a job??
"i'm still lookin for a job, any ideas???"
truth or dare?
does anyone else feel that there is some sort of impending doom about to fall upon them?
"hey all, my little sister <propfemale> isn't doing so good right now  would u do me a favor and pray for her? please"
snow snow snow    everywhere is snow!!!!!!
lost in the whorl winds of my mind
contemplating
"i'm getting married june 8, 2011!!!"
wedding plans on hold    gotta get a j o b  lol any ideas???
i'm getting married on the 24th!!!!  smile 
we're protesting bp gas! they need to clean up the oil spill and save our earth!!!
"made an epic dinner tonight spicy chicken and rice , almost an asian style    idk all i know is that its yuuummmmmmmy yummy!"
little <propfirst> is amazing
lookin for a job   anyone hiring???
i finally have internet again!!!! woo hoo!!!
what the fuck??? everything that comes flying outta my mouth today has pissed him off    look out world here comes my mouth!!!
"life never changes, day in day out, its always the same    god i could kill for some excitement or at least a change   "
"\    fascination casts a spell and you became more then just a mystery and i think about you all the time is this fate is it my <propfemale> and i think about you all the time i no longer pretend to have my hands on the wheel because i feel the magic all around you it's bringin me to my knees like a wannabe i've gotta be chained to you   \"""""
"my dog, <propmale>, died today  he had been struggling with a heart murmur for a little while "
"i wish i had piece, joy, happiness, patients, friends  a tranquil temper  didn't get offended so easily  didn't snap so much  an easy going attitude  a job to support me, a car to <propfemale> me  the right direction  a focus  a purpose   "
play! sunday! be there!!
party time!!!!!!!
silence   oh how sweet a word
   love the way you lie   
"daddy <propfirst> went home this morning, he went quietly and quickly, i'm very glad he will never have to feel pain again"
"funeral for <propfirst> <propfirst> sr  is monday at 2pm, everyone is invited"
   
"life's not fair, is it?"
   
car accident    hospital for 5+ hours    so not even cool
numb    that is the feeling    just numb
play tomorrow!!!! come join the party!!!
   
saturdays were not made for waking up at 6 am 
hey everyone change your profile picture to a cartoon character to support the awareness of child abuse!
"so both female and male deer grow antlers in the summer, males drops theirs early winter where as females drop their late spring  therefore, according to all stories describing <propfemale>'s reindeer, every single one of them had to be a girl  should've known only women would be able to drag a fat man in a red suit all around the world in one night and not get lost!!!\<propfemale> christmas!!!!"
let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy     that's no fun!
"ok i know everyone must have heard this by now so i thought i'd clear up some confusion about the dates for the \new\"" horoscopes which are as follows annoyed ",47b65046c7466c34a298f953ded78144,"the light in the darkness is calling my name, it is faint and distant and yet i can never seem to drown it out  slowly, coming from the darkest part of my mind, the unavoidable seems to consume me  gasping for air, i fall deeper  all around me no one is aware  i must not give in    i must not give in    i can't    "
i'm outta coffee creamer  sad  such a sad sad day
when the voices in your head start contradicting each other then its time to get out!!! -mad hatter
"sometimes it really surprises me how wrapped up i get over stupid crap, i so wanna  throw some punches, scream and cry all at the same time and yet i do nothing  its just total bull    why can't i let it all out? why can't i let it go? any ideas?"
"to whom it may concern: i have left <propfirst>, moved out of the apartment and moved back in with my parents "
i need to get out of tn!!! any ideas?
going to play tonight! should be fun
