ad50e3ceda2026ec97a8211308109566
needs to learn how to go to bed earlier 
i really don't like doing japanese homework    and i have a terrible headache  ;-;
is so glad to have internet access in her home again 
why am i so tired and have so much homework to finish?
it's official  today has been the worst day of my life 
i love how i got to school right when the busses left 
can't believe my last first marching band competition is over with 
last tuesday band practice  ever   ;-;
is staying home sick and has to miss ap english and latin club  sad 
good luck to everyone performing in the christmas chapel
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
loves poetry fridays 
finally bought my skis! i'm so excited for tahoe   laugh 
the oscars were amazing 
i hate being sick!!
hakone gardens wa totemo utsukushii desune! ????????????????????
should learn to stop procrastinating and do her work!!
i officially love the book <propfemale> 
"blarg  i think my brain has been devoured by germ bugs  gosh, i hate being sick "
finished <propfemale>  good day   smile 
senior recital tonight  i'm so nervous!
can't wait for band bbq 
congratulations to all the graduated seniors  i love you all so much!
my face hurts from smiling so much all day   laugh 
is leaving for hawaii today!  smile 
just watched toy story for the first time in 6 years  best pixar film ever!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
it feels great to be home 
"toy story 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  oh gosh, i think i'm in love "
ice cream + a swollen face = good combination
"hooray, i have to take more antibiotics "
"i can finally walk around my house without limping, but i still can't move 4 of my toes "
i forgot how my i adore disney's beauty and the beast 
inception is now my favorite movie of all time 
sjs orientation today 
after over a year of waiting i finally have my iphone!
is suffering from marching band withdrawal 
had an amazing day at <propfemale>'s house!
<propfirst> pilgrim vs the world is awesome!
moving in to my dorm room tomorrow  i'm really nervous 
sjs marching band doesn't march flute  what is this madness?
i've gone to fallen london! http annoyed  www fallenlondon com
"in the street, you pass a tall, cheerful man with a brisk manner, a stovepipe hat and a row of br    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 269507"
i think i'm the only person peculiar enough to go giddy over the realization that i'm finally making some friends in college 
i love listening to the drum line practice from my dorm room   smile 
"3 hours and 1,000 words to write    oh dear "
band people make me so hyper    laugh 
leaving for disneyland tomorrow!!
good luck at your first competition valley christian marching band & color guard!!
going to independence tonight to watch the band   smile 
listening to a very potter musical soundtrack while reading the half blood <propmale>    i really need to stop enjoying myself and get work done 
"finished reading the deathly hallows, already a day well spent "
"i wish my a very potter musical soundtrack would download faster  3 hours, really?"
preview of championships and hp: the deathly hallows part 1 tonight!! so excited!
"the vchs marching band & color guard won 2nd place with a score of 87 30, best general effect, and best visual effect at championships  congratulations everyone!!"
"i have discovered the most amazing show on boomerang  it's called the centurions, a late 80's american sci-fi cartoon animated in japan  it's a bizarre mix of comic superheros, <propfemale> trek, and japanese mecha \\oh, and did i mention there's a cybernetic t-rex? all your attempts to dispute are futile "
"officially done with finals  that means i can read the lord of the rings trilogy, play video games, watch dr  who, and do what ever the heck i want for an entire month!!"
off to tahoe and i'm super hyper and i had a marching band dream last night!
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays everyone!
utena marathon and sleep over with <propfemale> = 24 hours well spent
"after three months of waiting, i finally have my tangled <propmale> book!! it's 158pgs of beauty "
"the amazing moment when you are in the dinning hall, hear the torchwood opening, think you're loosing your mind, then hear captain <propfirst>'s voice and realize one of the tvs is stationed on bbc <propfemale> "
heading to tahoe with my dad and <propfemale>  so excited!
