c4a18ce818d7d8d2890671cf98b765a7
still up  text me or something  so much to process from the past few days  idk about it all  uncomfortable 
no idea why i'm wawwake  don't feel too hot right now  for more thn one reason i suppose   
should i say goodnight or goodmorning? bed finally 
up for the day  so far it's alright  no plans-bored  make some? text me 
ughh  frustrated  ordering online isn 't always easy  now i have to go to the stupid store 
bored  maybe dying hair? youth group later  textt 
it's so hott in here! feeling kinda down but i'll be ok  talk? textt? message me if you want my number i guess   smile 
just kinda getting up  i have no idea where today could end up -wanna <propfemale> out or something let me know   smile 
"curiostiy killed the cat, but i'm gonna die of boredom "
"packing, we leave in the morning  bored  let's chat  smile "
packing for vaca stil    ticked i can't find my sunglasses  ridiculous that i lose stupid stuff 
senioe pics earlier  ahh i had to change so many times and it was hot in there! textt me  smile 
senior pics earlier  ahh i had to change so many times and it was hot in there! textt me  smile 
babysitting  cleaning my room  summer project  swimming with <propfemale> and <propfirst> @ aunt <propfemale>'s  cell is on 
"what a day! babysat, went to the dr  for soccer physical (i ended up having 2 get 2 needles! - now my afrm is sore), went school shopping (found nothing), and couldn't find cleats (so i ordered them)  bed - six flags with yg tomorrow! textt "
putting up the infused pictures - hahaha  soccer 2moro 
well so much for that - it won't work like it did last time  anyone wanna do something?
bored  home alone again as always  party? lol  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
excited - everything went good yesterday starting ccbc  a good week in general so far     i love getting done early every day!! talk?
still sore from practice  kinda aggrevated  i'm stressed out = i can't wait for it to be the weekend!! i need to sleep? text in the am? done at 10:45  class 12:45 - 2 surprise 5  soccer 2 smile 0 -4 smile 0  then done for the day  come rescue me!
my knee really hurts from earlier! waiting to talk to some ppl      love   smile  excited 4 tomorrow! missing someone  lol 
"gotta do my paper for history  be up for a while, anyone wanna talk? please     smile "
"done the paper - yess! it wasn't so bad   omg stupid and immature people are the reason i's so ticked off  what the heck, seriously! why do i always end up in these situations?!?"
i'm done  stupid people make me mad  ugh getting into bed   busy day 2moro  phone's on text me!
"not in the best mood (at all) scream? cry? punch stuff? i love how i mess up 1 time and it's like all hell has broken lose  i can't believe how ridiculous people who are supposed 2 help you, can be  i'm going to bed  text or don't w e "
getting ready to head to class  funny day so far  smile  then practice - then who knows   
good practice i think  started small though  busy next week  had a pretty good day actually  it was surprisingly pleasent  idk why i'm in such a chipper modd but i like it lol  bored text me!  smile 
fun day so far  smile  lots of laughs  feeling good  wanna talk?
"really, people r seriously gonna go there? grow up  game today vs  p-tap @ 4 "
wow - today wasn't what i thought it would be  text? shower  hw 
laundry done  hw done  still need 2 talk to someone lol   smile 
why does it always have to be me? why? it's ridiculous  over re-act much? geez 
phone not working - sore throat - grouchy rude people  bad day  should be going to yg but i'm not sure yet 
bad mood   upset  lost pures and idk where it is   ??? think i left it at practice anyone pick it up?
ugh i'm so stupid  i just wanna cry or scream!
"a good day in all! we won, i found my purse, and i talked to someone lol   smile  text me!"
just hanging out - home tonight  but if you wanna do something i'm game - let me know  smile 
i'm really cold  got some hw to do  i wanna to someone lol  text?
sometimes ppl so stupid  it's whatever  immature much? laughing it off  smile 
ehh kinda mood  kinda tired 
done the hw i was concerned about  my back is so sore  bed  back to reality in the am  long day tomorrow 
hilarious dsy - had a lot of fun  smile  text? bed later 
excited 4 my 3 day school week!!  smile   smile   smile 
excited for what this year brings! all of it  smile  so much is gonna change   scary but fun 
tired  done hw but i have to type a paper that i have written ugh 
"fianlly done  seems like it shouldn't be so late yet  finsihed my college essay though, i'm excited about it though  (and for everything else that's to come in this year)  smile  shower  studying for tomorrow's test  bed  text me?"
bored  has done a whole lot of nothing today  call or text me!
sp frustrated  anyone good with computers? there is this dumb program on mine and it won't let me remove it  ughh i've tried everything 
finally done her abstract paper for history  ughh  so tired  i'm going to bed  text me tomorow! and for those of you who want to be smart i don't mean at midnight whe it becomes tomorrow  lol - you know who you are  peace out!  smile         is thankful for her life!
happy to be me  it's been a great week and i thank god for the good times an even the struggles i'm starting to finally underswtand some of them 
and it all means nothing
but why would it?
wow - soccer is over  i'll miss it  i've been missing some other stuff too   so much
finally done the dumb biotech paper (4pages of bs) and my senio interview resume  ughh  text me - - cheer me up  smile 
long time no facebook - should be getting laptop back and fixed tongiht!
thanks for all of my birthday wishes   smile  from everyone!
just realized these days are the kind i'm gonna miss  may is coming fast and in 5 months it'll all be over   sad  i;m gonna miss it  i hope we stay close 
loves the snow but wishes shew wasn't trapped at home by it  maybe tomorrow roads will prove to be in driving conditions  tubing behind a jeep = priceless   smile 
"happy new year to everyone! be safe on your way home  bed time now, text me and let's make some plans for tomorrow! goodnight!  smile "
your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them 
it'a late and i should  be sleeping  thinking about too mmuch to sleep  what else is new? getting in bed but i'll be up  night 
just another day 
"delayed school for 2 hours means i went for an hour  all to present a project that never happened  bored, make plans?"
waking up  getting a shower  then who knows what  text 
getting a headache is not fun  still not feeling well  today was fun though! hopefully tomorrow is too  (just hanging around the house)
prettty good day  hope i'm not getting sick again  if todaya is any indication of the week to follow then i'm excited for a good week   smile   love 
interview at 5  yg at 7  phone's on  (still sick)
home from rach's track meet  mann those kids can run  had a fun trip getting there  doing hw and the usual 
not doing anything  prom dress shopping later? ughh fun lol  text me i'm bored 
finished hw fearly for once  how ever will i spend the rest of my day? frustrated 
going to the store to exchange stuff  haircut later i think  smile   glad 2 have tomorrow morning to sleep in  around if you need me 
cold  no plans today so i'm up for anything  excited for next weekend!!
"watched a million movies, played wii, looked at hw   still bored going crazy "
"getting excited for this weekend! packing, checking off lists, and anticipating snow lol  school then leaving by 12   or when ever  a weekend away, to just be me is my goal at winterfest  mood: antsy!!"
trapped in the house  have been for 2 days  how pathetic this weather makes people   no wait that's just me  not a good day today lol  cheer me up?
had a fun day  shopping is always great! nice weekend too  currently loving life and even it's struggles 
again it's late and i'm still awake  anyway - gotta love bcps  anyone that's wawake wanna talk?
goodmorning to all 
hanging around the house  cleaning and doing laundsry  wanna talk
aggrevated!! why do people have to mewsws with stuff that isn't theres? ahhhhh!! ticked off!
well bcps is finally opening school even if it is delayed for the remainder of the week  i suppose i should go to bed now   smile  getting off but i'll be up for a while  text if you need me 
any chesapeake pep people going to school this week?
bunch of new pictures up - going to bed now  text in am  a good night   smile 
straight a's!! lol i'm a nerd i know 
getting off here  phone's good   smile  pretty good day
it sure was quite the day  remember the importance of staying grounded in what you know  it proves to help  good night 
bed - i'm cold and it's been a long day  so good night  smile 
pretty good day  excited for this weekend and to get out of the house   smile  text me
just got home  did some extra work for school  yg later  talk?
i don't think anyone could dislike shakespeare more then me  i can't help but to be bored of it  tooth really hurts otherwise a good day (; i'll be up for a while
wedding was today  who knows about later  but going tubing tomorrow  smile 
isn't feeling like school in the morning  i'd rather not  still not he best mood ?: ehh
tired  bored 
annoyed with my stupid phone! going to white marsh later to get it fixed and pick up my prom dress  plans later? who knows  text me 
doing some simple project and sitting around  wanna talk?
hanging around  finishing up some hw  blast game concert later  should be fun and well interesting to say the least   smile  text it 
a good day i suppose  glad it was laid back and i could just chill  i miss that  i'll miss it even more come a few months down the road    
haha wow! guys are so stupid  predictable and stupid  and don't get any more mature with age that's for sure  ha - still laughing!
just hanging around  nothing much to do  car searching  talk?
stay stong and keep your faith  i love you <propfirst> and <propfemale>  it's all going to be okay     love 
i hate days like this  nothing goes right and for no reason  seriously how is it my fault?
ughh today was whatever  hoping tomorrow is better  wanna make plans? text me  bed  night 
beautiful day isn't it? we'll see how the rest of it goes  
hanging around  nice day outside  spring break is one day away! plans?
"excited for it to be spring break even if it's not feeling \springy\"" lol  i'll make the most of it anyway  finally ordered captivating  should be here wednesday  smile """
people are crazy  but i love the weather  this is what spring break shuold look like 
tired  shower  doing nothing  heading out like 12 smile 0  talk?
dying eggs today  nothing else to do  make plans?
"happy easter everyone!\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
"<propfemale> bored  \\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
nothing to do 
"loving the warm weather but gosh it's hot  going to white marsh to drop off an app later  talk?\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
stuck behind  a tractor on a main road? really?
i have becom e every parents dream(h a teenage girl that won't leave clothes on the floor ever again    i stepped on my belt and it cut my foot 
bored  let's make plans 4 2night!
i'm freezing!
o-r-i-o-l-e-s just saw that on the news  <propmale> that was hilarious 
a granny with a mullet just bumped into me at the mall   
"yeah so today was fun    not\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
"if anyone wants 2 donate blood the red cross blood mobile is at the <propfemale> island wal-mart \\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
i think i' m the only person who actually wants to go to the circus 
"stupid old roofing guy needs to get out of my room  this does not take 4 hours! \\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
headache  long day  but at least i'm done my research project  not many high school days left 
an  overall accomplishing day  smile 
misconstruable statements are the funniest  head  bobble heads  ladies perfume and the air force make things hilarious 
home from school no worries 
sitting outside for <propmale>  freezing my but off sitting on the sidewalk 
"i was just called \old\"" by a 3 year old   """
if anyone texted called me     i'm not ignoring you i left my phone in <propfemale>'s car and won't get it back until tomorrow around noon so i'll answer everyone then   smile 
nice little potty fiasco caused by the sleeping stinker  that's what i'll call it  lol 
not really feeling good  headache and stuff 
some people are just so full of themselves and phony  ur not fooling anyone   just so you know 
i'm thinking it's time for some sleep  feeling a little better than yesterday but still not feeling so  well 
school on lock down and i have a feeling severe weather is next      
 sad 
home sweet some  interview tomorrow  then idk?
if this girl gives me a look one more time i swear 
"tired of school  done 4 today though ( annoyed \n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
is freezing!
<propfirst> island is out of wack  supposed bank robbery? swat team  police  crime scene techs  police dogs  geez  what's next a bomb squad? this is crazy!
bored  okay day i suppose  talk?
sick of people getting smart  it's really not their place to say   
got the job at pine valley!!
good day! going to get a showewr then bed! school in the am then dropping off papers   smile  text it 
"dentist ughhhw\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
totally forgot tomorrow was the <propmale> engvall show! gonna be a good day tomorrow  certification classes for work and going to the show!
hmm this shopuld be interesting   
so ready 2 go home  hot  show later  <propfemale> excited  talk?
"i wasn't aware that \i'll just be a minute then be right back\"" meant ket me take for ever and make you wait   """
long day  shower then bed  dreaded ap exams start in the morning    yayy not 
i love when things work to my benefit 
gotta love stupid computer viruses that post nasty videos to your wall  anyway going to bed  ap english lit exam tomorrow  goodnight 
english exam = over  not so bad but i've done enough thinking for the day 
ooh yayy meetings all day  9-5  i hope it doesn't rain  plans after?
well i'm glad that's over  done early!
gott my graduation dress!
it was good to spend time with the rest of the family  missed them  not doing anything now 
tired and for some reason freezing  school in the am - only 3 weeks left!
and the best is yet to come
"ughh - frustrated with this dumb online quiz thing taking forever, finally getting done, then not working right to upload!!!! i'm gonna scream!"
i've changed my mind  i am sick of little girls who don't know anything and act like they do   i can't wait for school tpo be over 
teeny bopper squeaky central needs to move out from it front of my house 
formspring is funnny  smile 
"cleaning up the deck then going to pick up my work uniform  making dinner after if i have time  yg at 7  ( annoyed \n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
frustrated
"last ap exam i'l ever take!\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
stupid roofing people don't know what the heck they're doing  i end up woke up an hour early and have my ceiling messed up beecause they can't do crap right 
prom tomorrow  so excited! ! nails à 10  hair à 1  pictures à 5  leaving à 6 
"it's hot in here  not feeling so hot  bed  nails in the am  thean hair, pics, bus, and prom!"
and preparations begin!  smile 
prom!
"so 92 q just crashed our prom\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
prom was good  had fun on the bus  smile 
"a pool on this weather? really? hmm this should be fun   \\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
here we go 
being this frustrated is not a good way to start the morning 
"chesapeake - scalice's ap english 12 class - the next chapter \wednesday\"" has to be read for tomorrow not friday """
sick of annoying people  i'm glad i work and am about to graduate and get a way from them all  one step in the better dirrection  ppl     grow up 
passed lifegurd certification!
some people don't know how to do anything but over stay their welcome 
home from school and lunch  today was fun  high school is over 
bored!
headache 
change invites new oppurtunities  new oppurtunities bring a new outlook 
"some of the funniest things i've heard all day   \\1) \being us and having fun"," the class of 2010 is #1 \""\"c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,"sen10r awards ceremony!\\n ayy sen\10\""rs"""
chesapeake kppl - is tomorrow an a-day or a b-day?
anyone want to go to the drive in tonight?
omg my ears r ringing from the power tools the decking guy is using! ahhh!
and now is when it all came rushing in and hit me  it really is over and i'm gonna miss it 
"a little girl and her friend just told me \wow your done school  you're so smart  you're an adult now that's so cool \"" made my day bc it was so cute """
"tired and sore from running around all weekend  had a blast though  no real plans all week, let's make some  smile  text "
hot outside today!
sitting around - don't know what i'll do today  graduation is in 3 days  reflection: wow time flew by 
bored and my back really hurts - anyone wanna talk? grdauation tomorrow!
a wonderful day  had fun goofing off earlier  graduation was good  i am finally a graduate  2010!!!
good day  sleeping in is wonderful - too bad it has to be all over after this week  excited for everything coming up!
so glad i graduated! ready to move on with stuff even though i'll miss some people  youth group later 
i am absolutely sick of this  people need to mind their business and stop being nosey 
loving this!
boredd  what and interesting night lol  <propfirst>'s party in a bit 
i'm so bored  somebody text me  let's go do something 
i'm such a little kid dittibg outside playing with sparklers 
is frustrated with stuff 
finally off work! what a day 
tired  kinda burnt  been a busy week  fun though  work tomorrow too  bored - let's have a chat? lol  smile 
been a heck of a week  worked close to 40 hours  suppose i'll get used to that lol  up  not really tired     anyone wanna talk?
 smile 
tired
annoyed with work stuff  anyone wanna talk?
"\be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes \"" by confucius"""
"\why is it that memory <propfirst> always seems so much better than current reality?\""\",c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,how awesome is it outside?? not even working could ruin it  all smiles  smile 
sometimes this is just more than i can stand 
little kids make me laugh  they come up with the funniest things based on nothing  anyway - hanging around the house   work in the am  talk?
rip <propfirst> canada
hates that feeling when you have to sneeze   
"\hi jenna \""\",c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,is so lucky to have been part of something so great  glad it's not the end for us  love <propfirst> ches and  <propfemale> ches  smile 
swimming  lockin  revolve  the makings of a perfect weekend 
laser tag all night  legs thaat feel like jello  waking up after 2 surprise 0 pm    priceless
and the greatest of all is love  love 
so i'm liking this random giddy mood      smile 
 smile 
contemplating going outside and playing in the rain like a little kid  minus the thunder lightning and all 
 love  sleep - goodnight  smile 
exhausted and not feeling too well  working tomorrow too 
man it's hotttt
and a long week comes to a close  next week should be really good  smile 
just one questtion: why?
god it's hot!
"i miss the old days     \i feel like verything is so complicated for no reason now "
and finally i'm not worried about the outcome  smile 
"tomorrow's gonna be long  funeral, work, swimming  saturday and this weekend will be just what i need "
i need to get out of here 
good morning
 smile 
"here's to this amazing weekend  i'm not going to let any \stupid\"" thing stop me  i'm going to keep on keeping on """
i wanna see that <propfirst> st  cloud movie
loves feeling <propfemale> accomplished!
believe in something or you will fall for anything
trying to keep my head up  it's not real easy right now  i am determined to not let things get to me 
"woah! ahh! \well maybe you should have had your seat belt on \""  ki had my seat belt on!\"""""
you might be knocked down but your not out forever 
"according to my calendar today is \national friendship day\"""""
not feeling very well mixed with work should be fun :9
ughh
fight for what you want because anything worth having is worth fighting for
finally home from work  going out tonight  text <propfemale>!
feels like she should be in a better mood but just isn't 
make plans for later?
feeling pretty good - applied for a few new jobs  hoping for the best!
learned you really shouldn't assume you know someone until you actually do 
<propfemale> nervous!! big job interview tomorrow 
wants to go to spring grove 
has a killer headache  ugh
somebody needs to get their eyes checked because they've got a serious staring problem
shopping later  for all things blue  smile  running a few errands     then idk
color wars - blue!
needs to blow off some steam  anyone wanna go out?
loves <propfirst> chandler for saving me for a bit  love ya girl  we shall <propfemale> out again soon  ps <propfirst> can have my soda that i forgot   smile   love 
out with the old and in with the new  everything is for a reason  embrace the change - don't run from it 
"finally out of whatever \funk\"" i was in  in a better mood and don't know why - honestly     it doesn't matter though  all smiles  smile """
<propfemale> limeade from sonic = love
dirty vacation home  a million u turns  a new and clean condo  day 2 of vacation and we've already had an adventure 
revolve tonight! feeling like it's gonna be a good one  smile  so whose coming?
he loves us
last night was awesome!
bored
excited for school to start  kinda wish i was already at towson  hopefully next semester! i wanna live in campus?
great challenges require greater faith 
 smile 
this should prove to be an interesting day  oh did i forget long?
have to pick a topic for an 8-10 <propfemale> health paper  any good ideas?
feels the need to get involved in something to help people 
out of class more than an hour early     nice way to start the weekend! gotta love when the last class always ends early 
laser tag!
health depleted  well laser tag you made my energy depleted 
excuse me i have liquid 
"dear god, you are amazing  i have no words to describe "
"\say what you want and be who you are because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind \"" - dr seuss"""
ok so literally laughing out loud when you are in a public place isn't the best idea  thought i already knew that but i guess not lol  ppl will look at you funny
"tired  i want to go home and sleep or something  \geez"
"how in the world am i supposed to get done online assignments that are due over the weekend if 1) my computer doesn't work with the program and 2) the program isn't funcitoning???? ugh i really don't like this \my it lab\"" mess!"""
so i'm in my room listening to music and i'm pretty sure i hear ducks lol  random i know
dislikes being sick - still has school reading to do and seriously needs to clean her room  text 
all right - and the season begins!
"so i'm special - i push the power switchy under the computer desk with my foot and then sit here wondering what happened to my conversations    wow  it's just gonna vbe that kind of day, huh? laughing so hard right now!"
nothing like <propfemale> steamed crabs!
health exam = finished!
ugh - what ever  one more class and my weekend starts  i'm so just done!
but god
tie-dyed a sweatshirt <propfemale>'s colors!
classes all day = so boring  i like 1 class i have     yayy school is so much fun!
doing what i have to do for myself - it may get hard but i will do it and i will succeed 
"so it was an interesting day at school   \1) a group of goth kids were playing the piano singing \small town girl\"" and \""making my way down town\""\",c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,some people are just determined to be unhappy aren't they? man do they need some jesus smile 
hope i'm feeling better by tomorrow 
what a morning already - people are so funny! anyway typing a paper and just hanging around waiting to see what's going on today  text me 
done typing my paper! going to watch what's left of them game and then who knows 
am i easily frustrated or just handling a lot? idk  i know it sounds selfish but - why can't i ever just have things when i want them? just once
ok so i can take a hint  i get a daily verse on my phone and it was <propfirst> 6 smile 3     i don't like the translation so i look it up on bible gateway     their verse of the day     <propfirst> 6 smile 3     and my daily texts aren't from them  woww
laughter really is the best medicine  smile  hahahaha
did the same sudoku puzzle like 4 times because i kept messing up  i had no idea it was so late  goodnight  smile 
"sitting in computer class with nothing to do, i'm done can'ti just leave early? i'm wet and now my cahir is wet too  i'm contemplating leaving early     but i have a paper due last class   hmmm dilemna, dilemna "
this is a crazy amount of rain  loving the chilly weather though! just made cookies  smile 
jordyn just made a noise that sounded like someone stepped on a chihuahua    
"humor from a 3 yr old is the funniest  i was just told to \be quiet when you're talking \"""""
i wanna go to a corn maze  smile  random but fun lol 
don't even know why i'm still up - can't sleep and i'm bored   
what now steelers? yeah ravens!! come on!
i am soooo bored
"\oh my lanta you are my woman \"""""
tired and not feeling too well  one more class to go     ugh
the trials of life exist as a test of faith and strength 
 smile 
out of class like an hour early and got an 82 on a midterm i thought i was going to fail - an awesome way to start my weekend!
just filled out a job app! hoping  smile 
20 questions much?
 sad 
my friends are crazy!
hanging out with <propfemale> hedrick
finally done midterms!!
not feeling good - probably going home instead of to class
so happy my shipment finally came!
"this time i can say \i win!\""  smile """
so cold!
"so <propfemale> hedrick  tried to say sarcasm is not needed and sarcasm is not necessary and ended up saying your sarcasm is not \neee - cessary \"""""
why am i still awake?
i hate not knowing things
"\sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand \""  love """
sometimes i really wish i could say what i'm thinking and what's on my mind     geez
frustrated
people are psycho today     my god can't they mind their business?
needs someone to talk to
"sometimes the things that you don't even know that you need to hear, come from people that you would *least* e playful ect to say them  thank you "
bored  doing a project  talk?
done my paper! yes!
words mean little when actions prove other wise     i can forgive plenty of things though lies aren't one of them 
of all days to be late    
in bed watching a movie
i'm in a pretty good mood - talk anyone?
excited for this weekend! thought it was going to work out differently but it's fine by me  text!  smile 
home from the car meet - had fun even though it was cold  smile  best mood i've been in for a while  talk?
nice start to the weekend     home alredy though  anyone wanna do something?
cold  bonfire tomorrow night  then <propfemale>'s comig over  sunday = hanging out with ppl  care to join?
good night - text or im is good 
up and about  text
it is what you make it  smile 
had fun hanging out tonight  not feeling too well tough  sad  text me and make me feel better?
done my health project - finally! about to head home - text me!  smile 
stressed out  freaking out  i keep feeling like i'm forgetting something but i'm done?
so much to do
"me: \i'm not about to speed in someone else's car   \""\",c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,getting a new laptop is always a nice way to start the day  now i can do all this school work     yayy
bumming it and loving it  smile 
"fun night  just getting in, be up for a while if you wanna talk   smile "
wow - so today is not going to be any funny  ugh  i hate not being able to fix what's happening 
truth is     ?
finished my work for today  smile  going to see grandmother in the hospital later?
seriously - you're gonna act like that? ok     what ever
good night fb  classes tomorrow  then idk  then car meet 
   and now i've got the same big dumbe smile on my face  smile 
"like for \why whatsup?\"""""
it would really be great if today was as good as yesterday!
"today i was told '\you are far more influential than you think \"""""
ugh woke up not feeling well  school til 3 - the idk  make plans?
stuck in the house sick  talk to me?
i don't know why i even bother
\maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed\,c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,11:11 on 11 11 - make a wish!
getting ready to go out tonight  smile  text me!
"unstoppable was an awesome movie! had a great time with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!  smile   love "
has nothing to wear - ugh!
"i dislike the fact that because my neighbors smoke, i walk up the steps in *my* house and i smell it  ew "
no agenda for today  hanging around  text?
funny thing     you say you care but your actions prove otherwise 
"\you're a cotton headed ninny muggins\"""""
 sad 
"i feel like everything i want is hanging right in front of me, just out of reach "
getting some school work done  text me?
so my bad mood just got turned right back around  smile 
greatest mood i've been in for the longest time!  smile  talk??
"people crack me up - they really do  jealousy isn't going to get you anywhere you wanna go in life, so really what's the point?"
getting some school work done  no agenda until saturday  smile 
i love being in such a great mood!  smile  talkkk?
"being cramped in the back seat and layed all over for the whole ride home is not my idea of fun, in case anyone was wondering  i'll just be happy when it's tomorrow already   smile "
today will be better than yesterday  smile 
"is gonna shine even when others e playful ect me to fail  i am gonna survive just about anything  life throws my way  i may crack, but i will never break   love "
oh <propfemale> hedrick how i love you even though you deplete our ozone  love 
"great, cool, fabulous, wonderful "
bored beyond belief  talk ??
so i'm not thinking chest pains are a good thing   
talk about doing good on a test - can you say 95?  smile  i'd say that's a good start to my day! text 
"great day! school, painting and goofing off, car meet! ? busy weekend  so excited for everything! text me - i'm up  smile  !"
"\a dream is a wish your heart makes\"""""
"had a good thanksgiving day - looks like i have just enough time to take a shower and a nap before \black friday\"" shopping     ohh yayy     long lines and grouchy ppl are goning to be so much fun lol"""
"forgive the unforgivable, smile through the tears, have hope where hope was gone, and realize that this too shall pass"
just in one of those kind of moods
football party then car meet  love  text me!
what if you lose what you always wanted because you were too scared to grab it and hold on tightly?
soooo cold!
it's been a long day  been cold all day too! hoping this week is as good as i want it to be 
dinner for my birthday tomorrow @ pf changs  let me know if you wanna come  smile 
bumming it around the house  smile  text me
"just in case anyone was wondering     the most awakward thing that can happen, is for a room of about 200 and some strangers to sing happy birthday to you  lol"
just wanted to say thankyou to everyone for their birthday wishes  smile  i feel loved  love  goodnight!
"mannn - looking at old pictures really shows just how time flies  not even 3 years ago - and things were soooo different  wow, is all i can say   "
nights like this keep me laughing  smile 
''heaven help the fool who did her wrong   ''  love 
''to love at all is to be vulnerable '' -c s  <propfirst>
"disgruntled - \displeased and discontented; peevish\"""""
this is my care cup \\_   oh     look its empty  i wonder what that means?
could today get any better?
rip little <propfirst> - you were too young  sad  rip <propfirst> too  you were both taken too soon 
needs a break from studying 
new people will bring you new realzations 
easiest final in the world!
i run to you  love 
"oh okay i get it now, it's ok for you to do it but when someone else does it they are out of line? cool  glad that's all straightened out "
no one is worth your tears
why does everything have to be so complicated and confusing - ahh?!
"dear winter break, \i don't appreciate you taking your time getting here  nor do i like that you are witholding the snow  finals need to be over  i am way too excited for this weeekend for you to take your sweet time getting here  please hurry, thanks \sincererly, me <propfemale> "
tell me why stupid things had to go and ruin my perfectly wonderful day? ughh
love with out holding back and dream with everything you have      love 
finals are over! yess!
excited!
no idea why i'm wide awake @ almost 2 am     lol
awesome weekend! i am <propfemale> tired! lounging around the house if you care to join? phone's good 
wrapping things for christmas  smile 
yayy 2 a's and 2 b's for all of my classes 
"dear elderly lady in the green honda accord in front of me, the speed limit is 30 not 3  thanks "
was awarded another <propmale> for school! gotta love when everything is paid for and they still give you more money!  smile 
''you're just mad because i have a nice change purse ''
<propfemale> christmas!
so throwing a cork across the family kitchen at your someones head is hysterical around here   love  i love my family 
ok so the <propfirst> <propmale> game for wii is hilarious! i love it!
and that's how you make it to the playoffs 
christmas party was fun  love  it was fun getting to see people that i hadn't in a while  smile 
can't sleep - again  oh well  text if you want to 
you can't change what you don't acknowledge 
tonight was too funny - that's all i can say lol  smile 
"why is it that everything is always going to happen \soon\"" or it's coming \""soon?\"" it makes me crazy - when is \""soon\"" anyway? uggh """
not feeling very good ):
so i'm thinking some of you should come over and help me paint my room lol  smile  text me 
really bored  tired of painting  busy day tomorrow - talk ?
really bored- someone should talk to me  smile 
sometimes the things we don't do are stronger than the actions we take 
don't you realize that it's too little too late? it's too late now 
"if you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by "
"when you really need someone is when you see their true colors  you learn who will always be there for you and who just pretended to be, but never really was "
"so now my phone just calls ppl when i don't even touch it? okay, that's cool    uhm what ever i guess  weird "
today was probably the hardest day of my life  sad  it's just not going to be the same anymore  miss you pappaw  love 
little things today made me laugh so much     like having on the radio and seeing some lady  2 lanes over having her own little jam session to the same song aha! oh and deciding what i'm going to get for my tattoo  smile  !
"when push comes to shove, you taste what you're made of  love "
gotta love when some chick who doesn't even know you gives you dirty looks #get over yourself!
and it's so weird to be here without you - and see you're chair empty   
i'm actually excited for the next few weekends  spring grove tomorrow  oc in 2 weeks!  smile 
"saturday morning cartoons, wow i haven't done this in years lol"
so singing mr  <propmale>'s and playing it backwards sounds like speaking <propmale> - ahahahahahaha!
"so i'm thinking someone should come get snowed in with me  if i have to be stuck here, i need someone to keep me sane lol  text me!"
"\forever and ever and ever and ever!  laugh  hahaha your stuck with me for good dude     laugh \"" hahahahahaha - i love <propfemale> chandler  smile """
"excited for this weekend! anyway, someone should come over and <propfemale> out, then go sledding in a little bit?!"
"not feeling so well and i can't sleep, ugh "
amazed
pretty good day  smile  tomorrow is the last day of break  oh well     oc this weekend!
nearly dying on the way out the door isn't a very good way to start my day lol  then parking is insane! oh funn    
happy birthday to jordyn! i love you baby sis! i can't believe you're 4 already!  love 
"and now, when i see you i can't help but laugh and wonder why i bothered with you  ha hahaha that's why you just slipped on the ice  smile "
"shower, homework, then doing some running around, and hopefully going to get some packing done "
it's days like these that i'm glad that all of my classes are only in 2 buildings  smile 
history is right now
i absolutely could not be in any better of a mood right now!!
"@<propfemale> chandler, you are too funny  see you, at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s, in about an hour, ready to go  ah hahaha!  love  you"
ocean city!!!! oh yeah!!
winterfest is where it's at!  love  wish it didn't have to end
content and at peace with life     one of the best ways to be  smile 
"dear steeler's fans, it's okay to cry    hahaha!"
"had a great weekend  smile  busy week ahead, but for now i'm still up  i guess i haven't adjusted to \normal\"" sleeping hours yet lol     anyone else awake?"""
"i'm glad i've been through the tough times in my life because now i realize what it's like to live, take chances, and gain new life e playful eriences "
everything i am not     made me everything that i am
i really need to get out of this house!
blah  just been that kind of day   
ok so school can occasionally put me in and amazing mood  hahaha! today has been hilarious!  smile 
"kids in school need to get over yourself, you are so not cool  you think you're cool bc you got your licensed revoked for street racing your mommy's bmw  what a loser!"
someone should come <propfemale> out 
"when you can wish someone well, despite the pain they've caused, it is then that you can be at peace with yourself and the whole situation  love "
good morning
"you'll never know just what you had, but that's okay, one day someone else is going to realize just what you lost     and how glad they are to have found it  love "
a good day today  love  got a lot of stuff done  oh yeah- and one day i am really going to celebrate <propfirst>'s day 
accents make jokes so much funnier!
in a good mood today  smile 
it's pretty sad when you are the youngest person somewhere yet you're the most mature 
headaches are the worst 
"*so i was doing some searching on where my family came from and what origin we might be, and i found this\\\english and irish: habitational name from places in cheshire and lancashire called hollingworth", from old english hole(g)n ‘holly’ + worð ‘enclosure’  the surname was taken to ireland in the 17th century  \c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,"\our lives end the moment we become silent about the things that matter \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
this weather could not be any more amazing! bring on the weekend!
"feels so much better  dear flipflops, i've missed you, it's been ways too long lol"
"boredom speaks for itself,  ugh lol"
 smile   love 
"i had such an awesome weekend! i'm glad to know truly genuine people when so often it seems like we're surrounded by such artificial, conditional, and insincere ones "
i had no idea it was snowing so hard  lol wow
"a cancellation would have been so much nicer than a delay, but i'll take it  smile "
i don't know how i managed to dodge that one     talk about almost walking right into is     woo lol  close call   
i really wish people weren't so bipolar
"come on kids, it's not cool to come into the classroom smelling like whatever you just smoked  if you smoke fine, but i don't need to smell it  #thanks for the headache!"
so today (yesterday really) was good (= feeling accomplished
watching easy a  love  text?
"as great as tonight was, it's definitely time for me to go to bed     now that it's nice and quiet  love "
white chicks - hilarious movie!
so i'm thinking someone should come <propfemale> out with me since i'm doing absolutely nothing (=
so incredibly tired  -__- i wish i was still sleeping 
gas prices are already increasing at crazy rates and they want to increase the tax on it too?! that's just insane 
sitting here with my foot all swollen and bruised     walking around campus should be fun tomorrow 
bored
man i hate the mva
yayy finally got my tags!
hope it doesn't rain tomorrow!
bored and hungry  text me?
not feeling too well     busy week coming up too 
 smile 
ahh had to get blood drawn     i'm a big baby!
i am <propfirst> lucky to have my family  i love them  love 
not feeling too good again  sad 
easy day today  text me?  smile 
this rain makes me sleepy and makes me not want to do anything lol  and a movie in class     i'll be lucky if i can stay awake 
somebody got me sick-  @ least i have the weekend to get better  smile 
sitting around the house  i wanna do something!  smile 
"dear birds outside my window, your incessant chirping is really annoying and i am trying to sleep  do me a favor and stop! k thanks  bye "
got my car  love 
weekends like this leave ne in the best mood!  smile   love 
"i am so glad the that things i \thought\"" i wanted at one time have changed"""
"i should be sleeping already  goodnight  smile  the band <propfirst> \you lie\""  love """
"dear mother nature, you can send spring and it's warm weather any day now  it would be greatly appreciated  love, <propfemale> "
"i love \remember the titans!\"" i think it's my new favorite movie!"""
needs something to do
"i love laying in bed, listening to the rain, waiting to fall asleep "
so i'm thinking someone should come help me set up this printer lol  any takers?  smile 
so now that i had to call <propfemale> for tech support it works  why is tech support always in <propfemale> and why are the techs on the phone elways so rude? lol geez all i needed was some help with a printer   
today i'm actually liking school  1 test down & 1 mid-term down  i'm 1 paper and 1 due assignment away from the weekend!! man i have had a great week so far!
"dear <propfemale> daugherty, hanging out would prove to be much easier if you'd look at your dang phone! that is all  smile "
nvm i guess i'll be around the house tonight 
so bored!
amazing weather makes for an amazing mood!
had a fun night even though we got a late start  finally going to bed  someone should make plans for tomorrow  smile  goodnight  love 
there's nothing to do!
i'm so mad!
free <propfemale>'s day!  smile  happy spring!
a weekend well spent  i'm perfectly content and that's enough in itself  smile 
"so i just had a heart attack because i thought i was late for school  i was one step from the door before i realized it was monday not tuesday  i'm going back to bed, god knows i need it hahaha  goodnight "
now that i know it's only monday i'm doing alright  finally the school website works  doing hw  text me [=
that camaro should be ashamed 
i wonder how police on bikes arrest people  \alright," get in the basket\""\"c4a18ce81 laugh 7d laugh 2890671cf98b765a7,i got a good laugh  laugh 
"the stalking has got to stop, it's not cute, it's just annoying  ok? cool   smile  glad that's taken care of "
"trying my best to stay awake through this guy's \presentation \"" he could not be more close minded or unsympathetic  can you say ridiculous?"""
i'm sick of being told i can't or shouldn't do something! i know i am supposed to do this   i am not a little kid anymore and i am sick of being treated like i am one!
had a good day today  this weekend is gonna be good too!
stop poking me!
people are crazy! they just don't give up!
i'm really starting to enjoy these awesome weekends! they just keep getting better and better  smile 
sweatpants and a blanket and i'm still freezing  my toes and my nose lol
so glad all my schoolwork is done! lunch anyone?
i woke up stressed about the million things i had to do today and it was one of the easiest days ever! that's what i'm talking about [=
family dinners are great  love  i had a wonderful night!
"dear hair, i'm sorry that i burn you, cut you, and twist you into knots  things would be much easier if you had more good days  love <propfemale> "
"sometimes it's better to not \be right \"" make sense? lol"""
 sad 
"seriously, you have got to be kidding me! why is everything i do never good enough for you? since when is telling the truth the wrong thing to do?!"
i can't take this week getting any more 'awesome'   
"\hearts will not be practical until they can be made unbreakable \"""""
freezing cold and so bored  what a combination
