879002ecf6c917aba45ce7ff8e607a30
"is going to bed      okay, i'm going to read for like an hour, but then i'm going to bed "
"thinks \the big bang theory\"" is absolutely hilarious and brilliant after just two episodes      wow  i  love  <propmale>   smile """
      white collar is brilliant  oh i've missed it so   smile 
is having a hard time not buying the first three seasons of the big bang theory     
one more early day then i can sleep in   smile  can't wait 
hates her computer and is going to reboot the cursed thing 
"found a new theme song, finished season one for the third time, and has internet once again      my computer will live to see another day  let's see how long that lasts  good night   smile "
tried to reinstall the operating system on her computer and failed spectacularly      and is not optimistic about it 
      please let her be okay  please 
"gam gam is okay, thank goodness   smile "
"has her computer back  smile        and has to get up in 6 and a half hours so she can be at work for almost twelve hours  oh, well  it should be fun, right?"
found her <propmale>         smile 
"      \do you know that there's still a <propmale> for you? cause there's a spark in you  you just gotta ignite the light and let it shine  just own the night like the fourth of july \"""""
      the cliffhangers on almost every episode of pll are not good for my already-terrible sleeping habits 
is going to try and run a 5k before her 22nd birthday      this should be highly entertaining 
loves hawaii five-o and wants to go to hawaii and swim with the dolphins sooooooooooooooo much right now!
naturally      the one guy that hits on me is a total creeper     
"     suu finally changed my degree status! i officially graduated with my bs in finance on december 10th, 2010   smile  it actually feels real now!!!!!!!!!"
      snow? really?!
            car!!!!!!!!
is pretty sure she could go to bed right now and still not wake up until the very last minute        but she won't 
"\people who want ice cream for breakfast don't wake up until after noon \""- <propfemale> """
      beastly and red riding hood are amazing!!!!!
      13 days to script frenzy and i still have no idea how to write a script 
"      \why can't i breathe whenever i think about you? why can't i speak whenever i talk about you?\"""""
officially does not like that man 
