ea85093608424ba2aaf8ca93f4968181
has nothing important to say at the moment
is over at frannys house  laugh 
loves franny!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is 8 months of dating the best girl ever, i love you franny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
grrrrrrrrrrrrr         work
wow so here i woke up this early to find out i dont have to go into work till 1pm         great
off to work     now that its the right time      
is believe it or not reading a book
is grrrrrrrrrrr work
is so angry that he hit a deer   why do they run toward the car!!!!!!!!
loves his gf!!!!!!!!!!
tired of work!
sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is shaving
mercy buckets!!!!!!!! mercy buckets!!!!!
is at the beach
misses his franny girl    
yay!! its sleep naked wednesday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
doesn't know what to do tonight
is watching the xgames
loves his franny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is mad
"is bored, doesn't want to go to sleep, and wants to go out and do something fun"
is so bored that he has to change his status 15 minutes later
has the coolest profile picture ever!
wants to go back to school soooo bad!
had a great day but is now super bored
loves franny sooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wants food!!!!!!!!!
hates bees!
is college bound tomorrow!!!!
is at college
just saw the most epic thing of his life
<propmale>+ getting up early=  sad 
thanks you everyone for the birthday wishes
improv class canceled happy that i'm done for the weekend sad cuz that class is fun
loves <propfemale> toannon so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loves his super awesome girlfriend!
saw a drunk driver crash into a tree          people are dumb
wants food!!!!!!!!!!!!
hates school
is dying for sleep after this crazy night
today started out great
doesn't know what to do      
its a good weekend i dont want it to end    
hates it     
shower time  laugh 
loves haveing firm alarms going off when hes in the middle of his shower
my face is moist and warm
hates <propmale> barr sometimes but at the same time loves him
                                           
getting ready to be on the radio 3:50 to 5:50
just finished watching ghost adventures live and it was crazy!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from 5 hours in the er
<propmale> cavey theta xi brother     
loves hide!!!
is bored
"is kinda disappointed with the stars tonight but still had a great time with all the brothers!!!!!! \now the clouds are going to attack us\""-florida \""oooooo i'm so scared\""-matt \""they have lightning     hello!\""-florida  lol"""
just realized why he doesn't like being home again there is nothing to do but it is relaxing
happy thanksgiving!
wants more sleep!!
doesn't want to go back to school  sad  i like doing nothing way more!!
ravens!!!!!!!!!
going to do his radio show everyone should listen!!!!!!
christian ethics      
in the library writing my christian ethics term paper
is still in the library working on his christian ethics paper
is still in the library writing his christian ethics paper
is going to take a shower then study for psychology final tomorrow
studyed for hours and still feels like he did horrible on his psychology exam
go ravens!!!!!!!!!!!
????????
??????????????????
is packing up his stuff and getting out of buckhannon
snow = no good!
?????????      lol funny
is stuck inside because of the snow  sad      ??????????
"i still think this is super funny \?????????\"""""
had an awesome time catching up with the old improv team
is getting the carrots ready!!!!!!
shower then heading out    this year will be the 10th year of my tradition!!!!
<propfirst> o'quinn (lost's <propfirst> locke) played a character general <propmale> <propfirst> in the show the west wing   how cool is that!!!!!!!!! for those of you who didn't know my middle name is <propfirst>    
wishes that they would fix the internet at the house do i could enjoy the internet in the comfort of my room     
i back at good old theta xi
what do tigers dream of?
is drinking the power of the sun!
"if there were to be a movie made about me, what actor would play me?"
"went to go and work in the editing room for a couple of hours but the key magicly doesn't work for me   i hate this school sometime, i try to do my work but it doesn't let me"
off to do my radio show!!!!!!!!
what do tigers dream of?     
bed      
washing some clothes and makeing a sandwich then off to my last class for the week
video editing at 3 smile 0 to whenever hit the cell
i thought this video editing training would be fun but i already know all this stuff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored bored bored bored          
is going to go to bed      
its snowing      sad 
crazy night at theta xi!!!
there is just way too much stuff doing down at 3:27am
just woke up
is bored and wants to do something fun
cant wait until tuesday! lost season 6 final season!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> ramzy called me cute
doing some work    
<propfirst> and cj you have no idea what is coming      
has nothing to do
lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! season 6!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lost is so crazy right now
idk about this last season of lost    it might be very good or it might be very bad i guess we'll see
"please watch the video \ramzy freaks out!\"" it is under my videos"""
is super tired and would love if he didn't have to go to any of his classes but he does so  sad 
pretty intense night! hope everyone who came to the smoker had a good time
getting ready for my radio show
study hall at 9      boo     
can't wait until the weekend i just dont want to do anything
is bored and just wants to do something exciting however he cant
is tired hopefully my alarm clock works today!!!!!!!!!
three classes and then the weekend!!!
just had one of the best cheeseburgers ever who knew it would come from cats claw  
what to do what to do?
"last night i lost my phone, keys, and laptop but i found them yay!!!!!!!!!!"
doesn't want to go to his other 3 classes today
thinks that facebook needs to stop changing the layout!!!!!!
theta xi!!
waking up 2 <propfemale>  before class      what a way to start off my day     
"nap, shower, then who knows    "
lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why do i have to be so bored right now
"<propmale>, i want you to know i'm a steel trap  no matter what happens tonight, i will never, ever, ever speak a word of it      seriously, i don't care what happens  i don't care if we kill someone "
just woke up i have no idea how long i've been sleeping but i shouldn't have slept this long 
something about theta xi!
has nothing to do until 5 smile 0    then the radio show then who knows    yay theta xi!!!
very successful radio show tonight   no little kids calling in to tell me that my songs are scaring them      go theta xi!!!
best profile picture ever!!!!!!!
it is super hot up in my bed which means its going to be very uncomfortable to sleep tonight     sad 
happy bid night!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                               
jump was awesome!!! theta xi        lucky tens!
theta xi!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the fun never stops!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 smile 7am and i'm just heading to bed idk why everyone left at 1 smile 0 but they missed out!!!!!!!!!  i love theta xi!!!
theta xi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no i dont want to go to class!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> is the sexiest man i know if i were a girl i would so be on him 
today was a good day       <propfirst> sobansky ii you're going to pay
"1:40 am and my night is just starting shower, reading, then some sleep!"
today was a pretty good day
bored bored bored bored bored bored
what to do before my radio show at 5:50?
should i shave my whole face or should i leave my little beard?
radio show!!!!!!!!!!!
"chillin in my room, taking a shower soon"
doesn't know what to do right now
      
is feeling a bit better hopefully i can get better over the weekend
theta xi!!!!!!!!!
is tired of it all and isn't going take it anymore!!
just a couple of days until spring break    
is it friday yet?
super bored please text me and make something fun happen
doing homework    yay!
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"reading, shower, bed!"
laying in bed watching hockey but i'm sure i'm going to fall asleep
shower time then bed
just found out that him has a new cd out
radio show time!
"no radio show, got there, door was locked, went to security, nowhere to be found, waited, then left     "
cant wait until noon     goodbye buckhannon for a week
i hate the snow!
is about to go and do one of the most awesome things ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why do i have to be stuck here in buckhannon wv?
super bored! i wish i was home right now!
leaving buckhannon!!!!!!!!
yay i am home!
doing some work
as nice as it is to be home i wish i was still back at school   nothing to do here
why does it have to keep snowing!?!?!?! i just want it to stop!
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got up an hour and a half ago when really i didn't need to get up until now    
yay! my dog is clean!
going to eldersburg!
had an awesome time in eldersburg believe it or not lol
shower then lunch then some work around the house
"thinks that everyone should listen to \happy together\"" by filter"""
hahahahahaha       
<propfemale> in wonderland was awesome!!!!!!!!
everyone <propfirst> campbell was stung by a <propfemale> please send him your condolences!!!
heading back to good old buckhannon
"<propmale> knight-\cavey you left your pants in my room \"""""
getting up and starting my day
yay for the warm because its super nice out however its killin my knees!
streb raw was amazing tonight everyone should check them out    google them!
i'm really bored
blah
theta xi car wash $5
sitting in my room doing nothing
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!
dude!!!! its so sad that lost is almost over forever   sad 
has nothing to do for the rest of the night
brushed his teeth and is going to bed
       class            want more sleep
twinkies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
chillin in his room with nothing to do     how sad
goodnight world!
radio show    
is getting ready for a super awesome weekend!!!!
last night was fun!
playing some pool!!!
had a great weekend!!!
back at the house and there is nothing to     so sad   
just bought a lavalamp for $4 at walmart!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will rain down a firey storm on the person who stole my lavalamp if i ever figure out who it was!!!!
everyone has until 11 smile 0pm to get me my lavalamp back or bad things are going to happen
the lava lamp has been found     
today is a boring day    
is excited for the weekend <propmale> barr and <propfirst> ferguson are going to be in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it doesn't feel like 1am at all    
night night everyone!
why didnt my alarm go off this morning!?!?!?!?
cant wait until 2pm tomorrow
had a good weekend but now the fun is over and i have work to do
is super bored
bear is one of the weirdest plays i have ever read    
<propmale>'s inferno is one of the greatest games ever!!!!
sleep       
class at the daily grind this morning how weird   
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is super bored!
doesn't want to do anything     
"reading acts 4 and 5 of hamlet, taking a shower, and going to bed      in that order"
class      boo       
its two in the morning and i want to sleep so i'm going to sleep
putting my artistic side to work right now
"3 hours of calling people up, what can i say i know how to have fun    "
what a crazy     long day time to sleep
"on a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero "
geting ready for lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!
off to take my test
"\you smell something rabit?\"" *sniff sniff*     \""fear\"""""
getting ready to drive back home
going to get some pizza!
painting    
eatin an apple
r i p  tiger    althought my cat lived outside and wasn't the most friendly i will still miss her a lot
wishes that lost was a form of politics because thats what party i would be and i would be a master of it!!!!!!
is almost done painting but i just dont want to do it anymore!!!!!!!
finished painting and it is awesome!!
missed the first 5 <propfemale> of lost but i'll be ok lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
missed the first 5 <propfemale> of lost but i'll be ok lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
south park is crazy
now wishes he didnt take that 2 and a half hour nap on the front porch earlier
dude! crazy play    really weird   kinda funny    but i really liked it lol
is super angry at his sister-in-law
tonight started out good then got really really bad then got extremely better  laugh 
who knows what today is going to bring but it can only get better then yesterday  laugh 
its 1:16 in the morning
oooooh boy i guess its time to get up and start my day!!
dude! no more school if only the weekends were a few days longer    this week is going to be sooooo busy
sometimes wonders about things
grrrrrrrr       mondays           
the rules of life are flawed and the house always wins please try to make a difference and do something about!
every ounce counts!
shower then bed      this week is just going to get crazier!
its awesome when you're alarm clock doesn't work and you cant wake up to go to class   
its always fun stopping by the buckhannon hospital yay!
why am i so tired?!?!?!?!
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!
man lost is just way to smart for tv
there are just not enough hours in the day    
what a super long day just cant wait to close my eyes and go to bed  smile  cant wait for the weekend to get here!
its been a pretty good day so far lets just hope it stays that way or gets better!
9 hotdogs in 8 <propfemale> not bad for being a tall 173lb guy
congratz to all the new brothers of theta xi!!!!!!!
is excited for this weekend!!! and that his brother is finally coming to visit him at college!
feels super underappreciated      just going to bed now     
awesome night last night fraternity division spring sing champs three years running!!!
school    boo! at least i wont be as busy as last week
its a good day  laugh 
says that his good day continued into a good night  laugh  but now i have to study for a test tomorrow but i'm not even worried about it
took my test and i feel i did pretty well but only time will tell   its a great day so far
read chapter for class tomorrow (check) got ready for bed (check) going to bed (   )   who knows
is sleeping   hopefully i will have a super awesome crazy long adventureus dream that will make my day tomorrow   i can only hope!
drove to class then realized he forgot a pencil so he turned around only to realize he had 6 <propmale> left in his car and no money in his wallet     
asked everyone if they wanted to go streaking but i didn't find any takers
heading home soon   
taking a shower and then going to a birthday party!
"shower, church, lunch, buckhannon    "
is heading back to buckhannon
is back at good old theta xi in <propmale> town wv
writing a paper and going to bed  laugh 
1am       bed? sure might as well
why does lost have to do this to me!!!!! i want a new episode!
today was a success! watched halloween 2 not as good as the first one but still good and then spent 2 hours trying to scare people and failed lol time for sleep
blah blah blah blah blah!!!!!!!
oh what a good night   but now its time for sleep!
yay! happy founders day to all my fellow theta xi brothers!!!!!
friday yay!
taking a test! yay!
what a fun night! and now to study for finals  sad 
"\nick has anybody ever told you that you look like the scary lion from the lion king?\"" - <propfirst> skinner"""
is going to take a shower then go to bed!
back to sleep then who knows
i guess i should get up and go to my final      
great night! lost was awesome! i dont even care that i have to study all night    
done!!! last day and a half in bucktown before i head home for the summer    
 sad  its a sad day     
going home here in a few minutes
is getting his room all back together for the summer
14 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
13 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
12 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
super bored!
is headed to bed
11 days!!!!!!!!!!!
why is it so cold in my house!
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
awesome thy name is lost!
10 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
super bored this is why i hate being home   
its 12 smile 0 in the morning and i have nothing to do but sleep     how boring
the nightmare before christmas is a good choice before bed!!!
9 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has nothing new to report
sleep!
8 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just finished watching rain man, which was really good, now off to bed"
off to work on building a fence
shower! then off to work at the snowball stand
bored bored bored bored bored      nothing to do    
going to bed early!  6 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is watching lost season 3
went to the os game but sadly didn't get on the jumbotron  sad 
dude tonights episode of lost was incredible!!!!! cant wait for the last episode ever to see how it ends!!
bored bored bored!
workin at the snowball stand     pretty exciting
3 days and couple of hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dude        
one of these days i'm just going to tell it as it is and there are going to be a few upset people lol
nothing to do for the rest of the night     text or call if you want to do somthing!
hahaha just scared the crap out of my mom     win!
back home time to sleep
20120 on pacman on google!!!!!
just finished watching 2012 and thought it was pretty good!
?? theta xi!
driving to eldersburg    getting ready for a seven hour car ride    rock on the range    rob zombie here i come!!!!!!!!!!!! rock on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
geez!!!! the final episode of lost was amazing! super sad its over but it was fantastic!
mars needs women! angry red women! mars needs women! angry red women!
successful day at the office 
why do i have a ridiculusly large <propfemale>?  i'm not complaining   oh no   my <propfemale> is part of my power! just wondering   
"who ever it was that said i would really like \the imaginarium of doctor parnassus\""     you were wrong    although it had a amazing begining the end was horrible """
sleep!
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to early for me to be getting up!
"\ventura!\""  \""yes satan?     oh i'm sorry sir i thought you were someone else \"""""
watchin old school!!!!!!!!
wants to go back to sleep
cant find his phone
and they wonder why i dont like being home    
i dont know what radio station i'm listening to but they need to play more than the 8 songs they've been playing    
bored   chillin at home    call or text if you want to do something
\how happy is the \,ea85093608424ba2aaf8ca93f4968181,met with governor ehrlich today!!!!
went to take a nap at 5 smile 0pm yesterday and woke up at 7 smile 0am today    what a nap lol
well i went to the eye doctor and it turns out i need glasses to wear fulltime    this is going to be weird    
work time!
i saw a bearded dragon today
decided to be a loser and go to the movies by himself tonight    we all cant be as cool as me!
<propmale> barr and <propfirst> crowley i hate you
super bored    text if you want to do something
"<propmale> barr and i had an amzing hacky sack session, 53 baby!!!!!!!! cvs rules!!!"
got to play lunar golf in the mall today!
loves how <propfirst> hughes likes every single one of his statuses
in good old bucktown!
back home    didn't want to leave
"\just cause a sentence has quotation marks around it does not mean that it is worthy of a facebook status update \"" - <propmale> greene"""
what to do?
my brother payed me 50 cents to <propfemale> out with him lol
wish me luck!
super bored call or text if you wanna <propfemale> out
"just saw the last air bender and it was pretty good, met a fellow theta xi brother and almost hit about 30 deer on the drive home    it was a good night!"
"wants to rewind or fast forward, just anywhere but here"
"wonderboy!!! what is the secret of your power?  wonderboy!!! won't you\ take me far away from that mucky-muck!"
"had a fun night with <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>!"
off to hereford
is trapped in a glass case of emotion!!!!!!!
we dwarfs are natural sprinters   very dangerous over short distances!
shower!
needs to sleep!
theta xi i miss you!!!!
sometimes i feel like i do things in life just to make myself feel miserable    
so i pull up to the redbox and as soon as i get out of my car it does this little jingle and shuts down 
the invisible dog fence around my house is finally buried and is working     but for how long    
is going to take a shower!
watching the original batman and going to bed!
"so i woke up this morning feeling well rested and ready to make my way to buckhannon wv    driveing was going well until i realized and hour or two down the road that i left my phone on my bed    to make things worse i get pulled over for \speeding\"" $80 for going 4 <propmale> over the speed limit    dont go 69 in a 65 on 68 i guess    so stupid """
going swimming!
sleep!!!!
heading back home 
wants summer to be over!
off to pick my mother up from work!
uncle <propmale> is the greatest!
wow its almost 2am and i'm not even tired yet i dont understand
time to shower!
"had a random number call my phone so i answer \hello\"" woman on the other end answers \""where are you?!\"" i reply \""haha what do you mean where am i?\"" she says \""oh did i call the wrong number again?\"" i say \""well who are you trying to reach?\"" she says \""tim \"" lol ya she had the wrong number """
i saw 11 deer on my way home from eldersburg    crazy
wants food!
oh no first time watching jackass in like a year! whats going to happen
"facebook and or my computer is being really stupid so i'm not going to deal with it right now, goodnight everyone "
is downloading google chrome    sorry firefox but you brought this upon yourself 
so far i am very pleased with google chrome! i feel really bad for getting rid of firefox
watching a movie!
she's out of my league is pretty funny!
off to do some work!
what name do you like better <propfirst> or <propfirst>?
"<propmale> frat just told me that his \life mate\"" was a sheep named <propfemale>"""
"<propmale> frat just told me that his \life mate\"" was a sheep named <propfemale>!"""
"<propmale> frat just told me that his \life mate\"" was a sheep named <propfemale>!!"""
<propmale> carell is leaving the office!!!!!!!!! no!!!!!!!!!!!!!
everyone who reads this needs to go see inception!
still cant get over how good inception was!
new phone!!
working hard or hardly working that is the real question
if anyone is in the obx tell me so we can chill
"he's the life of parties he has never been to, if he were to punch you in the face you'd have the strong <propfemale> to thank him, sharks dedicate a week to him  he is the most interesting man on the planet "
so today is the first day i have gotten up before 2pm this week on vacation!
i  love  ??
at the beach and its super raining!
headed home
my computer wont let me burn my cd!
the heroin diaries by sixx am is one of the greatest cds i have ever heard and has inspired me to come up with a great movie idea!!!
bored bored bored bored bored!
at work and super bored the phone has rang three times and that's it 
the first 3 hours of work the phone rang thrice 
trying to work on this amazing music video idea but i just want to sleep!!
<propmale> cavey    you amaze yourself sometime!
why!? no matter what i do i'm always super tired and almost falling asleep the first hour and a half at work but after 10 i'm fine   i dont understand!
"one week and an hour or so from now i'll be heading back to school, cant wait!"
6 days
off to work
ch ch ch ah ah ah         ch ch ch ah ah ah
2 hours into work and the phone finally rings for the first time    oh man its going to be a long day
"i want to do something fun but some people are too \tired\"""""
the heroin diaries: a year in the life of a shattered rock <propfemale> is a must read book!
sometimes i cant help but laugh at the irony in my life lol
"first time on my computer in 3 days, i know i'm just as surprised"
3 hours and 45min until my birthday!!!
taking my last shower before i'm 20!!!!!!!!!
i locked <propfirst> ramzy out of our room while he was naked
i'm 20!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday it was a good one 
this book i have to read for christian ethics is really boring!
leaving the house to go pick up <propmale> knight i'm such a good brother little
super bored    
the hangover is on channel 16!!!    oh wait we're not getting any sound on channel 16 
at home chillin
"saw <propfirst> bieber at hunt valley, md today    offered my friend $20 to punch him in the face but he didn't take it   "
passed the blazing wing challenge at buffalo wild wings!
flag football!!!
is going to take a seat on the most important seat in the house!
5am ya i should go to bed!!
my right hand and my left knee are killing me today and i have no clue why!
"seel! seel! seel! <propmale> knight, <propmale> vollmerhausen, <propmale> poling, <propfirst> horn, <propmale> greene, <propfirst> breton"
<propfirst> ramzy is officially gay cuz he owns a snuggie!
the night is still young!
hates his computer!!!!!
ah what a perfect time to finish writing a paper for my 9 oclock class  laugh 
<propmale> vollmerhausen you have no idea what is in store for you when my master plan comes to effect
trying to write a paper in the library but big bo(the one whose job is to make sure i study and do my work) is distracting me!
time to finish my paper!!!
done!
super tired     going to bed
awesome! so my already messed up knees got even more messed up in flag football tonight!
i want food!
writing a paper     yay!
yup its 2 smile 8am and i'm still working on this paper
"seel!!!! <propmale> vollmerhausen, <propmale> knight"
bed!!!!!!!!!!!
is his own worst enemy!
today was a good day     so far anyway
"its 5:18am and i'm not the slightest bit tired, which is a good thing so i can finish this paper lol yay college!"
midterm at 3 time to get some last minute studying in   23 hours and in still awake
33 hours and i'm still wide awake
<propmale> vollmerhausen watch yourself
bored!!!!!!!!! out of my mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha! no midterms    meaning i have at least a c+ in all my classes
is now friends with lzzy hale and his week just got so much better
"dude, its like 2 in the am and i'm still not tired     why!!!!!!"
done working for now lets take a couple of hours to relax and then back to finishing my paper!
goodbye wvwc
so jackass 3-d is a must see movie!!!! epic! i'm so sad that its over though   
getting ready to head back to my house in wv
so the new four way stop signs on hart ave  are really stupid and kind of make me angry!
i throw rocks at cars so i can show my nipples to the world and make kids in indonesia cry
big <propmale> i hate you but love you at the same time man
so today i realized that i have nothing exciting going on in my life and no drama and you'd think that i'd happy with that but i'm not    i hate being bored   
awesome weekend!!!! and now its sad that its over    <propfirst> campbell i you need to come in more often!!
i love hippos
ok just to make this clean i do not love hippos however i do not hate them either everyone here knows my favorite animal is a flamingo! do not write stupid comments on my status!!!!!
so i lost my phone    if anyone knows its where about please tell me   
"still cant find my phone, but i think it is somewhere in the house!"
found my phone thanks to <propfirst> cavey 
i'm kind of bored   
<propfirst> ramzy you caught a flaw!!!! you never outsmarted me!!!
3 papers done    time for bed!!! yay!
i'm really not tired right now but i dont want to stay up  if i stay up i'll go to bed later and then i wont want to wake up and that will cause problems     sometimes i wish i never had to sleep unless i wanted to for fun 
so i thought this week was going to be horrible but last night and today have made me change my mind
trying to do some laundry   
playing some <propfirst> rpg!!! if you need to talk to want to chill hit the cell!
here it is 2 smile 0am and i'm still awake   
had a fun night tonight! can only hope for more of them!
home    
"so i saw saw 3-d last night and let me just say perfect ending to a perfect series of movies!!!!!!!!!!!!! however, after seeing number 6 in theaters last year i called what the end was going to be from <propmale> away and no one believed me     i'm awesome"
my night of paper writing is just beginning!!!
"just to clarify for everyone, <propfirst> ramzy\ finally has a new aspect on life, he is now going to do nothing but \look at everything through a mirror  this is because everyone knows life\ is better on the other side!"
election day is almost over!!
i hate writing so many papers!
"<propfemale> thank you for voting for more furlough days, less state employee benefits, higher taxes, and less business friendly legislation  the o'malley administration has cost my family almost 8k in benefits and payroll over the last 4 years, this does not include the increase in taxes we all have had to deal with  lets all hope the next four are better  these are the facts  lets make change "
<propfemale> i thought you were smarter than that      you make me truly sad    
man i have one messed up sleeping schedule    
well here it is 4am in the morning another 4 1 2 hours till i get to start getting ready for class   yay!
sleep    
i'm getting a little tired of people changing my status all the time
grrrrrr      people
school is killing me!!!!
is it tomorrow if you've never slept today?
cant wait to watch conan at 1 since i missed him at 11
conan was awesome i'm so glad he's back!!
my <propfemale> extraordinary nipples now have partners in crime  now there are two pairs to terrorize the streets of buckhannon  watch out for the <propfemale> extraordinary nipples coming to a street near you!
people need to stop changing my status!
you cant triple stamp a double stamp!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hates when people change his status, but will easily forgive the sneaky girl who did this  smile "
wishes that he could go back to a time where he was truly happy     oh wait    
these past 2 days have been awesome my life went from pretty good to why even bother    
sometimes i wish i wasn't such a nice guy so i could completely destroy peoples feelings 
good thanksgiving!
i wish i could sleep    
feels horrible     
lost my earring   i'm sad
people    
two classes canceled today     laugh  yay!
is getting really sleepy really fast
its official i've been awake for over 24 hours now!!! yay!! i love not sleeping!!!
29 hours strong!
finals    i hate you
great way to start off finals    waking up 15 <propfemale>  after your first exam already started    i hate my life sometimes
well time to get a couple hours of sleep then study some more for my test tomorrow   
just fixed his universal remote!!!
super bored    trying to study for my last final    but i dont want to  
hour and a half give or take a few <propfemale>  and i'll be finished with finals!!!!!!!!
home!
first of all the roads here at home are worse than the roads back in buckhannon and thats saying something    second i'm an amazing driver because if i wasn't my car would have destroyed a telephone poll and i would no longer have a car   so my car can thank me for knowing what i'm doing and saving its life later   i hate the snow!
hey if i let you borrow my kingdom hearts 2 ps2 game please let me know i'm freaking out cuz i cant find it and that all i want to do for the next 3 days
hi
this is all morgans fault
"all that you'll find inside, are bells and butterflies, but i'll be smiling when i die "
"just got 250596, that is level 43 on bubble spinner   i'm awesome!"
congrats to <propfirst> <propfirst> and caity hott
"well its a boring night everyone is doing something with their families, i'm going to bed"
why can't i fall asleep!!!!!
i miss my theta xi brothers    
today is the last day of 2010   lets just hope this new year will be a better one!
i wish i could have left to go back to my house so i could be with all my brothers   
going to a wedding today!
back in good old bucktown wv
thank you <propfirst> tosh!!!!!!!
bed     
good night world!
weekends need to be longer
bed    
i hate classes
woke up 15 <propfemale> late for my 9 smile 0 class that i have this test in so i jump out of bed and throw whatever clothes i can find on then i cant remember if the class is in the library or the regular class room so i go to check my emails       class had been canceled cuz of the snow
so i go outside to clean my car off before my 12 oclock class and i cant cuz both my of doors are frozen shut!
i really hate being a comm <propmale>
done!     time to sleep!
its 3 am in the morning put my key in the door and   
yay my monday is over!
nap
just got a 93% on my online test!
rotr 2011!!!!!
super bored is anything going on if so text me!
library
lies
"\head on all morning\""  \""what about that little guy\""  \""what?! tthat little guy? i wouldn't worry about that little guy \"""""
i have 119 friends online right now
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hou"
those pizza rolls were amazing!
reading a paper then writing a paper
<propfirst> ramzy get your people under control!
i really enjoyed the adventure that <propfirst> breton <propmale> donaldson and <propfirst> messina i when on! it was epic!!
wants something awesome to happen   
i wish we had more than frozen pizza and frozen chicken fingers to eat in my house
nap  smile 
chillin at the house call or text if you want to do something fun!
so the final episode of this season of blue mountain state was awesome!
it needs to me friday night already
what is everyone doing tonight?
my day today was awesome   until i woke up from my nap that was way to long and found out that my computer is no longer working and that the hard drive is broken    what a prefect way to end a good day   
this weekend was too amazing! why does it have to be over?!?!
new computer up and running!!!! yay!!!
still working out the bugs with my new computer
lol what a day     
"broadcasting the women and men's basket ball games tune in to c92 radio, buckhannon's best mix"
"good basketball games! great job c92, we're awesome! life is good for <propmale> cavey!"
its a good day so far
"cornhole now, chillin later, dlas tomorrow   good weekend in the progress? yes!"
when life hands you lemons you make lemonade right?  then you find out those lemons were rotten     thats my night
wow     i love theta xi!!!!!!!!!!!
i want more sleep!
 laugh 
<propmale> knight makes me sad
i hate mondays
do you like pina colatas???  or pink flamingos??  i cant decide   maybe a koala bear??
class   
"on my way home soon, looking forward to a nice break from school! also i'd like to thank <propmale> vollmerhausen for giving me a semi-black eye last night, i love when my face hurts!"
working on papers
going to bed soon!
i wish i had the movie <propfirst> darko!
i love the show lost!!!!
i really want some gummie worms!
"\go to your profile and the top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the zombie apocalypse  how f-d are you?\""\",ea85093608424ba2aaf8ca93f4968181,i am half nomad!
should not have taken that 4-5 hour nap    
its 10 surprise 0am   
doing one of the things i love most    playing bubble spinner and watching lost!
its a good day!
papers     boo!
operationlizations     this should not be a word
done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dont forget its give a <propmale> a high five day!!!!!!!!!!
hippie friday!
"i would just like to remind everyone that college is stupid and pointless in the long run if you really think about it, and i really hate it sometimes   "
