c617d62bac50653546987cc66a755c4e
tired and exhausted from stress  i need to a break 
someone shoot me please and get this torture over with  i never realized i was such a horrible person
omg they put human aborted fetus cells in vaccines for children
missing my baby boy bad
i am the worst mom ever  how could i hurt my son by putting him in the hospital 
having a bad week
i am tired of the crap in my life  i just want to sleep 
is letting go of all of it  i can not keep this sherade up any longer 
i hate snow i just got my power back on a few hours ago  lost power for over 12 hour it was cold 
is having one of those days again   sad 
i miss all my friends at 72
i am thankful for my children
today i am thankful the day is ending 
today i thankful for deep breaths
today i am thankful for schoo 
is thankful for hot baths
is thankful for not being an adict
is thankful for friends
is thankful phones not ringing
happy thanksgiving
is hoping all have a <propfemale> christmas 
happy new year !
has started therapy but the therapist will need a therapist when i am done 
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't!!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? i pray for the cure of cancer ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you? 4 just one hour"
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>
therapy was hard today  i do not knkow if i keep this up  i need to cahnge things in my life and not sure what to change  i know i miss working at 72 
"the urban dictionary say <propfemale> is a person with the best personality, also very quick witted and very smart  everyone should get to meet her at least once "
??¸ •*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter(s) ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸??
"my body is not perfect but i nurtured a baby and i'm proud! too bad we dont look perfect but every <propfirst>, every line, and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them  having a baby is no easy task, we are strong, we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves  put this as your status if you're a proud mom ? ?"
just one hour of your day       if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this for the ones that make this the land of the free!! ?
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she has gone to be with the lord, copy and paste this with her name:? <propfemale> ? i love you mom!!!"
"sons and daughters outgrow our laps, but never our hearts   ? put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awsome ? children ? in the ? world !!!!!!!!!!!"
getting a new tattoo tomrrow
"it's daughter week!!! if you have one daughter or more who makes your life interesting and fun, and are a blessing in your life and makes life worth living, copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our beautiful girls  ? in honor of my daughters, my friends, my pride and joy!!!"
men are assholes and have conceration how a woman feels ever  men are dogs and exspect women to bow down to them  well i have news for men i am numb to you and your games  my heart is closed forever
i am missing my little monkey bug   sad 
missin my little monkey bug 
"before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life \ put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself!"""
"ok i admit it i'm a bitch!!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this    i make mistakes, i'm out of control, i'm emotional, and at times i'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best! if you're a bitch repost this! i dare you!!!"
i have decided to go home by the end of the year  everyone in syracuse i am commin home 
virus spreading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube' snopes just comfirmed it is a trojan worm virus called koobface it will steal info infest your system and shut it down do not open link please repost in your status
"repost if you have someone in heaven  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his          arms     i have you in my heart  love you !"
i wish everyone at giant who is leaving for va to have a safe trip and a goodtime  now some of need to be on your behavior and do not drink to much 
"<propfemale> alert--edmonton, me  a little girl, 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car, license was plated quebec 728 381  copy and paste this to your status  it could save that little girl this kidnapping is recent! so do it, 3 seconds won't kill you  spread the word!!!!! i hope everyone on my friends   list does this!!!! what if this was your child?"
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom    missing you so much, mama!! ?"
"do not accept any friendship inquiries from: <propmale> dreyer, matthias damberger, <propfirst> <propfemale>, <propmale> berneder or <propfirst> becker ! these are hackers!!!!! they can destroy your hard disk!  please, copy and paste to your wall and groups so that your friends are protected"
"is a parent, cook, housekeeper, teacher, \nurse, handyperson, maid, security guard, coordinator, supervisor, \manager, secretary, nutritionist, caretaker, personal assistant, \chauffer,advocate, life coach, laundry maid, and a motivational speaker \i don't get holiday pay, sick pay, or days off  i am on call 24 hours a\day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year  post this if you're a mommy & \you love it!"
"i might not be attractive or sexy, and might\not have the perfect body or be beautiful    i might not be anyone’s first\choice either    but - i'm me! i don't pretend to be somebody i'm not   \i might not be proud of some of the things i’ve done    but i’m proud\of whom i am today!! copy this and post it to your profile if you live\your life     being you and you are proud of it!"
"very sadly,most of you probably won't \copyand paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for \at leastan hour? it's special education week, andthis is in honor of\all thekids who need a little extra help & understanding   we need to pass this on    smile "
"(^^^) is shark for im no spaces <(\) is penguin for im no spaces and  love  is heart for im no spaces"""
someone try it
 smile -
"a true friend can go long periods of time without\speaking and never question their friendship ~ and then pickup like\they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been        repost\if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like that     i\am   "
"while you scream at her, there's a man \wishing he could talk softly in her ear   while you humiliate, offend \and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her of how\wonderful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could \love her  and while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles \f   rom her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic \violence"
hates 5 16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i will never celbrate it again
"can everyone please stop playing their games for 2 minutes and repost this   please lift up the <propfirst> lablue family he lost 4 daughters, ages 2-11 in a house fire last night  his 3 year old son and wife were able to escape  she's currently in icu with burns i don't know this family, buti do know that only god can heal their lives now  please re-post this and start a fb prayer chain! thank you"
i hate my house
i was scammed out of over 500 00  please becareful of what you recieve in the mail and believe it is a blessing think again it is a scam and know the fbi will know about the scam taking place in central <propfemale>   sad 
hates hiding how i feel  i miss the best friend i lost  i remember talking and laughing and now no words are spoken  i am hurting inside and no one knows the pain because i hide it 
to those whom recieve the drink i bought i know it is not tuesday but i know i need one of these 
i just can not
"yellow roses growin heaven, lord, pick a bunch for me ~ place them in my \dad's arms & tell him they're from me ~ tell him that i love and miss\him, when he turns to smile ~ place a kiss upon his cheek & holdhim\for a while ~ because remembering him is easy, i do it everyday~there's\    an   ache in my heart that will never     go away       if \your dad is in heaven copy and paste this !"
"the human heart is fragile  i gave my heart away intrust no one would shatter it but i gave it to the wrong man, he shattered it  if you ever gave your heart to a man and he destroyed the love copy and paste it   "
is fed up with other women and wishes he would leave like i have asked  i have nothing left for him but hatred 
2 more weeks here and then i leave for home  i am kind of nervous have not been home in 2 or 3 years
did it  i found a home for us  very nervous and excited at the same time
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who haslost thebattle with cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it!put this onyour <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
"got the five bedroom house she wanted  nine more days in state college and then i go to syracuse,ny  i can not wait to go home "
says to all my state college friends i will miss you and do have fb to keep in touch  you can visit me in syracuse and i may come back for a visit here as well  thank you for all you have done and showing me there are true friends in the world 
three more days and i go home  yah!
i am glad to be home finally after 13 years  i really needed to be home  i no longer feel like i live in a strangers home 
"daughter week! if you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun, \who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by\being around - copy and paste this to your status ? your daughters will\outgrow your lap, but never your heart!"
"only an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and loves like a friend  if you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews post this to your status"
"there comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama \and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make \you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life\is too short to be anything but happy  repost if you agree, i just did "
"if you're brave, copy this to your status and see what people rate you [1] crazy  [2] wish we went out  [3] talkative  [4] sarcastic  [5] lovable [6] sexy  [7] strong  [8] dumb  [9] spoiled  [10] mouthy  [11] wild [12] goofy  [13] funny  [14] awesomly awesome  [15] amazing  [16]beautiful "
my baby girl turned 6 today  it seems just like yesterday i was pregnant for <propfemale>  she is 6 going on 30 now 
is missing people in state college   sad 
i am broken so there is nothing left for you to do to me  you took my all and left with pieces to pick up and you have the nerve to say you love me and want to be with me  i am begging you to let me be happy for once 
everyone leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has decided this move was not a good idea and paying for it now   sad 
if anyone cares i really could use a break  crying all the time is for the birds  god please help me 
"age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what    mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my    mom about this  post this if you have, or had, the best mom in the world!"
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it  put this up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you??"
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
is asking for an angel to help get through this rough time  please make things easier soon 
happy birthday mom !!!!!!!!!!  wink 
"children with special needs do not have an illness; are not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted and included  can i make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, this is in   honor of all children who need a little extra help and love!\ (thanks to authentic heart)"""
today is the anniversary of the day that changed all of us  my heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones  today is a day many of us will never be able to forget  i often wonder how the us would of changed if the plane made it to the pentagon but one will never know because it crashed in <propfemale> because the heros died to try to save their lives  rip all those passed in an senseless death  09 11 2001
"brother's week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh   pulled your \hair   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   hugged you   watched you \succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up   cheered you on   and made \you strong  copy and paste if you have a brother you love"
says    my children start school after a long hard fight yiiiipppppeeee!!!!!!
"if your dad is or was your hero, best friend or just the best dad ever,whether you are blessed to still have your dad here with you or if he is an angel in heaven  copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly  i love and miss you daddy very much xoxo"
is having a rough day  please god give me the strenth to make it through these rough times  i need an angel sent to help 
god please send help
?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter(s) in the world?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•??
"sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  a sister can be a friend forever! re-post if you have an amazing sister!!!!"
"lets\see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends \list, because i wanted you there! i'm not only glad to count you as \friends, but also as family  let's see who's on my friends list actually\pays attention  copy and paste this as your status  i'll be watching9 hours ago · comment ·likeunlike"
has realized i am in way over my head  i done god this is your hands 
may junk car to have some money to make it to the first   sad 
"car is going :,,,,,,,,,,,,,,((((((("
"junked car for money  :,,,,,,,,,,,,,(((((("
? ??'?'\\????\\ sad •??) annoyed ???? '?? ? ? ?    car is gone 
my computer is not working can not fb or school work  sad (((
people in syracuse have drank something they are driving through red lights and parking in the wrong direction on the wrong side of the road 
asks have you ever wallked into a home and feel as if you do not belong in the home?
all moved into the new house
"wish heaven had a telephone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that was nothing new  i thought of you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake for which i will never part  god has you in his arms and i have you in my heart  (re-post if you love someone in heaven) "
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority, and so much else    all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better, and you respect them, for who they are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% who will "
rip <propfemale> hall the pain is gone and you will be missed so very much  your path has taken you to be with god and now you will watch over us all 
says sorry god gave me four special needs children i did not know it offended my family 
never knew my children were a problem for my family  i am truly sorry to all of you 
has decided my children are my family and they are all i have now 
"i loved u the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved u the minute you were born    then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still would  ? when you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body   ? put this on your status, if you have children you love more than life!"
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get \better  i know that most folk won't post this as their status - be one \of the ones that do, and post this as your status  do it for at least an\hour, for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting it  dad we all miss you  this i do in memory of you "
could somebody send me an angel please  god <propmale> me the strength to get through this hour 
"how can that one person make you so happy,at the same time make you sad!"
"it's not the breath you take, its the moments that take your breath away    ~george strait~"
he said he was leaving and i had no tears and could not beg him to stay after the things he said to me  to my children i am sorry i could not keep your dad here 
wants to go home but it appears the directions to the road home have been misplaced    go figure
"a child says to his mom \mommy i colored your sheet with lipstick\"" with anger she starts to hit her child till he was unconscious  then regrets what she has done  crying she said to her child \""please open your eyes\"" but it was to late his <propfemale> heart stopped beating when   she walked back to the bedroom the sheet said       \"" i love you mommy\"" copy and paste for an hour to say enough with child abuse!!!!!"""
i hope everyone has a good thanksgiving  i miss you all in <propfemale>
happy thanks giving to all
to the family and friends of jenni-lyn watson i am sorry for your loss  you are on my families prayers  god recieved an angel  my deepest sympathy to your family during this very hard time  rip~jenni-lyn~
wants to know how to e playful lain no christmas to the kids  sad 
says there is no christmas this year  because <propfemale> is broke and now tell my kids so i am not the bad guy   sad 
"from now until december 13th, change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the objective of this is to not to see any human faces on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories for the fight against violence to children"
"i don't need an angel on my tree  i already have one in heaven looking down on me   put this on your status, if you have someone in heaven looking down on you love u <propfemale> "
"god, please <propmale> me the strength to get through this  i need an angel to help "
46 inches of snow in four days  the snow is still comming down  will it ever stop who knows   sad   sad   sad  i hate snow 
"is just plain tired of holding everyone else together   when nobody notices they, themself, is falling apart "
"ok, i have deidied i really hate my babies growing up  my baby takoda who was born like yesterday has a girlfriend  my baby laz who is my miracle baby is growing so much  my baby sai is going through things adult go through  my baby <propfemale> is my sister all over again  where does the time go, and how is giving the kids miracl grow in food cuz i cannot remember time ever going this fast "
"god saw you getting tired, a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around u and whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched and saw u pass away  although we love you dearly, we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas "
i hope everyone has a wonderful christmas as mine has been destroyed and ruined  thank you to those who ruined christmas i hope you enjoyed yourselves 
"to all the unselfish mothers out there who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags & wouldn't change a thing  let's see how many moms will actually post this  for all the moms who don't care what they gave up & love what they got in return  post this if you love your life as a mother "
"mom, lazzy has been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital  i will call soon things are difficult and hard right now  i love you "
"i'm a bitch!   unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch repost this   i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who repost this "
"have you ever waken up and looked for your child cuz you did not him breathing or not getting into things so go to check on your child end up in tears cuz he is not in his bed or in the house  lazzy i miss you sooo much my heart hurts  please get well soon so you can come home from the hospital  lazzy, i am so sorry i did not have power to move your mountain  i want you home you are missed more and more every second "
"loved you the minute i heard your heartbeat  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life!"
"copy this on your status see what u get\  red:i used to like you\ orange:will you be mine\ yellow:i think your cut \ blue:i love you plez pick one"
"sweet girls come from the south,barbies come from ca, but ny girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can drive in the snow, handle the cold,beat the heat, be a princess,throw a right hook and drink with the boys! we can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion    you bet your sweet ass your gonna hear it    !! post if your a ny girl!!!!!!!!!!! "
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows the instructions)
r i p  <propfemale> <propfemale> 1 6 11-1 6 11  an innocent child who lost her life to her mothers' hands  you will be remembered always 
is watching everything fall apart
to let everyone know i do not have a computer mine broke  so i can not do fb or school when i get a new computer i will let u all know 
got a computer  yipee
my baby came home to visit today  it felt like the i was dropping him back off for the first time  it hurts not being able to my baby home with us 
<propfemale> would have been 1 month old today if it were not for her mother  i love you <propfemale>  i will never forget you and now you are an angel of beauty  rip 1 6 2011-1 6 2011
my baby boy was released from the hospital yippeeeee
happy <propfirst>'s day to all 
to all those who have takoda as a friend his account has been comprimised as well as his email  please do not post or repond to anything that is on his <propfemale> until i have fixed the issue 
if i walked away would you notice? if i stopped breathing would you notice? if i cried would notice? if i talked would you listen? i noticed you stopped caring  i noticed you gave up  i noticed you no longer are you  i noticed you are cold as ice  i noticed the changes  i am not one to give up on people but you have left me no other option 
sometimes    what's left unsaid    speaks the loudest   so please just say it and stop me from guessing 
faith moves mountains
r i p in <propfirst> (dad) it has been 5 years today  i still miss your goofy phone calls  i love you and miss you so much  i could use one of your phone calls  you left this earth to soon and you will not be forgotten 
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 7th-13th, 2011, i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found, and more awareness for ccsvi "
i did it i passed 2 classes with an a and a b  2 more classes and i graduaute with associates degree in may  yeah yeah i did it  i did it  sorry i am just so proud of myself
"    has overcome many difficult things in life and has decided to thank all the crap i have endured in my life because it has made me who i am today  i am strong, loving, caring, independent, with the inability to give up  i have learned to move mountains to complete my accomplishments  thank you difficult life "
i try to e playful lain things to people and no one listens  my children need warnings about when things change and how people cannot always do things for them and if no one can understand that then i am sorry my children and i were such a burden on you and your life 
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  put this as your status if you're against bullying  taking a stand against bullying
taking takoda for a school interview on tuesday  i am hoping it goes well  he needs a good <propmale> here in syracuse for an education  good luck takoda 
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of ones you know or love who have or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  post it for 1 hour  do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting - i hope to see this in all the status of all my friends 
my son is one of 80 students interviewing for a 40 student 6th grade  i am praying he gets this <propmale> at a education cuz i am scared when he will end up  please god let my son attend this school 
cannot sleep  i need to cuz sai and i have to walk for three hours so he can go to an appointment  gotta love no car and a child who cannot use public transportation  i am ready to break  you win life 
"??????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????????\if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ?? ?? ??????????????????"
"gonna try to sleep in sooooooo much pain  my back is hurting so much i want to throw up  :,("
<propfemale> de menos pasar tiempo con mi hermana  ojalá pudiéramos pasar más tiempo juntos  te amo hermana y te extraño 
" love  i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker  i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit    re-post this if you're proud of who you are    ~?~"
~sleep is lost    if found please return a s a p i am suffering from not allowed to sleep in this life time  please do not throw out it is needed and must be returned before i never know what sleep is again ~
facebook has 3 new viruses !!! #1 ---if you get a notice of a photo tag     do not open it !!! #2--- if you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc   do not open it !!! #3--- a message from your friends via chat saying click this links    do not open it !! these are bad and will crash your computer      repost and warn everybody
"#4 do not respond to the questions asked about favorites      such as color, food, friends, birthday,ect  cuz hacker use that information to get into your bank account and other personal accounts   "
is it easier to walk away from comfort and security rather than fight for the nothingness that exists in one's life?
if one is asleep is one truly awake    if one does not speak can one be heard    if one does not cry can tears be seen    if one does show emotion can it be felt    if one does not show love can it be felt   
