a185aad8b616cf599ce12aee00eb8591
remember   feeding the wolves can leave you without fingers 
the traffic looks horrible on 610 right now and i have to go get in it!  (sigh)
i haven't played world or warcraft since february   i think i'm gotten over the withdrawal symptoms!  no shakes and i've stopped eating everything in sight!
"be very careful out there today   i passed nearly a dozen police cars on my way to pasadena and back this morning   the loop, hwy 288, the beltway and hwy 45   they were out in force   i think i even say them stop a big wheel!"
on the way back to pasadena   watch for the police!  the block is hot!!!!!!!!!
spinach salad   the breakfast of champions!  and popeye!
the rain has stopped!  gonna take the family on a fishing trip tomorrow   have to catch what you can before the oil mucks it all up!
fishing trip went great!  my son caught his first fish on a pole i used when my dad first taught me how to fish!
can't wait for his first day on the haa resident relations committee!!
"is so excited for his youngest daughter, <propfemale>   she will be attending hspva next year!  you go <propfemale>!  show them who the next <propfemale> keys will be!!!!!!!!"
you can spend days and nights hating on me  but you can never take my shine!
i miss world of warcraft!!
"misses kuvy, nightmagic and the entire destructions doorstep guild   darkcraft still lives!"
"wonders when was the last time you had \rind-on\"" bacon   i miss the old days!"""
"wonders where monk, mornar, draven and all his other good friends are   i miss you guys!  night, kuvy   fhoe's eatin' the bunnies again!"
"says, \the <propfemale> is full - the wind still   let's go fishin'!\"""""
fishing was great!  wish you all could have made it!
"says, \a clear conscience is evidence of a bad memory \"""""
"says, \kiss me and i'll kiss you back!\"""""
"says \give yourself to the dark side!\"""""
is depressed   car accidents suck 
and as if the car accident was not enough   my laptop is busted!  okay   now i really need cheering up 
"says \to always strive to be a better person or to make the world around you a better place or to enrich your life or the lives of those you love is the secret to that most elusive of goals:  a sense of accomplishment \"""""
i am proofing my manuscript one last time   i want to be published before 2012 
wonders why he continues to trust those people who continue to disappoint him   time to harden the old heart and turn the old back!
is pasadena bound 
loves the crab bisque from <propfirst>'s crab shack   try it!
"say, \a leader who hides when danger reveals itself is no leader at all \"""""
it was a good day!
"\my common sense is tingling   \"""""
you'll forgive me if i   overstated   certain matters 
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood; a beautiful day in the neighborhood - would you be mine   would you be mine?
"one of dc's fav idol quotes:  \power!!!  un-limited   power!!!!\"""""
"guys   stop being part-time fathers   give time, not just a monthly check   it takes a real man to teach a young boy how to be a real man   it is your responsibility   stop making excuses!"
wants to run amuck   burning all the farms in farmville!
you mean   i'm not?!?!
count your blessings   it could be much worse 
"lead by example, men "
you are not a product of your environment  you are who you choose to be!
spent some time with my father  i never realized how much i missed days like this 
the words and friendship of a stranger can mean more than anything 
the forecasted high for sunday is 100 degrees   okay   i know i am not alone when i say i'd rather have the rain!
"to quote <propfirst> rock \married and bored   single and lonely;  aint no happiness nowhere\"" """
"\running away is disorderly  departing is strategic \"""""
wow   i feel like a wet dish rag  even at 7 smile 0am i broke enough of a sweat to look like i fell in the pool   and i have another property wall at 11am!
"chaos fosters growth    \what do you want?\"""""
skepticism is the language of the mind   what does your heart say?
"tyrant: \you confronted me seeking a challenge?? are you mad???\"" \",a185aad8b616cf599ce12aee00eb8591,"i've heard a lot of chatter from the moms out there   but i know there are some good dads out there who are making it happen for the kids at the beginning of the school year!  \\be the best dad ever and ask your kids how their day went!  it means the world to them!"
greater than the death of the flesh is the death of hope; the death of dreams   against this peril we can never surrender 
"\rogues do it from behind \""  -unknown rogue"""
pootie tang and black dynamite   what a line up tonight!
got some texan tickets!  let's dooooo this!
"\i don't hate you - i just want to save you   while there's still something left to save \"""""
"ha haaa!  i just beat my 16 year old daughter in a foot race   i guess the old man still has some get up and go!  \don't you ruuuuuuuuun from me!\"""""
should not have eaten those ox-tails for lunch   now i have the itis!
i am   who i have always been 
you have to create your future   or others will do it for you 
"\i love you but i'm not the answer to the questions you still have \"""""
eviction court is never fun 
why do people turn away from those that would help them and embrace those that would hurt them?
"\i was the one that was lifting you up when you thought your life had had enough   \"""""
is this the threshold to a fantasy?
"the most compelling, sinister lie   is the truth "
"\from hell's heart i stab at thee   for hate's sake i spit my last breath at thee!\""  khan from wrath of khan"""
if you have a great dad   a spectacular father figure or know someone who fits this description   give him a <propfirst> on the back   it's hard to find strong male leaders and role models   so show those that stand strong that you appreciate the efforts they make 
"as i look back at the accomplishments in my life, none are more worthy than the raising of my children   i gladly pass the torch to them with the knowledge that i have given them the tools and lessons necessary for them to continue to grow and become successful in life   \\it is my hope that they will share the lessons and knowledge they gained from me with their families when that time comes \\they are my legacy "
"and the rock cried out, \there's no hiding place!\"""""
betrayal-most foul and vile!
"the most compelling, sinister lie   is the truth "
"the need to control, taken to extremes, leads to fear of change, suppression of new ideas and intolerance of anything different \\ambition, taken to extremes, leads to the determination to seize power at all costs - enslavement   desires can become obsessions, leading to greed, lust avarice and jealousy \\freedom - taken to extremes - is anarchy "
q: will you ever leave your marriage?
the sins of the father are suffered by the son   the question remains   is the son strong enough to shoulder the burden?
"\life is the result of the struggle between dynamic opposites   form and chaos   substance and oblivion   light and dark and all the different variations of yin and yang \"""""
"with a photographic memory\i could live in a time that used to be "
listen to the music   not the song 
the cataclysm is upon us!  to my brothers and sisters in arms   fight well and know that darkcraft's spells and fhoehammer's axe are with you in spirit!  for the alliance!!!!!!
1731 - when i first met you i knew you were a class act  as i got to know you i realized just how good your are at what you do!  i learned a lot from you 
13 - each time we speak i find myself smiling so wide it makes me feel like a kid again 
69 - i find myself drawn to you free spirit  i look forward to getting to know you better 
13 - the magic in me is there because of your smile 
"#281 - you have always been like a daughter to me   i have watched you grow, get your degree and then some   you have never let me down when it comes to your drive and determination   and as i've told you many times in the past   i would be proud to see my own daughters accomplish what i have seen you accomplish "
some favors come at too high a price   
the past can never be relived   but it can be remembered 
tears don't always wash away the pain 
officially drunk for the first time in my life 
wow   spoke too soon  monstrous headache and sour stomach 
for all things   there is a season   but winter's cold touch will not weaken my resolve 
"\oh   you're the reggie   \""  i wonder just what that meant?  ha haaaaa!"""
"riddle me this:  what is the one question nobody can every truthfully answer \yes\"" to?"""
riddle me this:  what do you call an old snowman?
okay   i've been too easy   let's dig deeper and leave nothing to <propmale>   riddle me this:  how much dirt is in a hole 3 acres square and 200 feet deep?
it is never what it seems 
the truth is subjective   facts are not 
i'm a cult of personality 
this we must re-think!
okay everyone   time to take the christmas lights down 
what do you do when you have no cheeks left to turn?
riddle me this:  at my house   all the walls face north   i see a bear outside of my window   what color is the bear?
okay   that was the last <propmale>   no more mr  nice guy   > sad 
stuck in eviction court 
riddle me this:  when you don't know what i am   i am something   when you know what i am   i am nothing   what am i?  (two answers can be accepted for this )
how can i be the answer to your prayers when i am still praying for answers myself?
never fear failure 
off to small claims court   the games afoot!
the full <propfemale> is so beautiful tonight 
for all <propfemale> trek fans   happy birthday dr  mccoy!!!  (deforest <propfirst>)
the truth is  hiding behind your eyes  if you would only choose to see 
@ maggiano's little italy
digg it   digg it hard!!!!
it's an open act of defiance   and it's aimed directly at you 
the <propfemale> is full and perfect   never before have i seen it's like
"lo there do i see my father  \lo there do i see my mother  \lo there do i see my brothers and my sisters  \lo there do i see the line of my people back to the beginning  \lo they do call to me;\they bid me take my place among them in the halls of valhalla, \where the brave may live forever "
my reluctance to play the game was for your benefit  now   i will show you why 
i don't hate you  i just don't love you anymore 
spring is here  i can't wait to plant my new fruit trees 
a true friend realizes that he she can call whenever they are in need   but also calls sometimes simply to say hello   when was the last time you called to say hello?
"i have the best staff a supervisor could ask for   thank you mabely, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and both marisols for all that you do   2011 will be an awesome year because of you!"
you are my friend   i will always answer your call 
the <propfemale> is gorgeous tonight 
i have to admit   i love my job 
inspect what you e playful ect   never leave anything to <propmale>!
there's a new sherriff in town   and his name is <propmale> prawl!  ha haaaaa!  come get some!
a mutually shared smile between strangers   a very good way to start the morning!
it's almost time to go fishing!!!!!!!
have at thee!
being a father is hard but there is nothing more rewarding!
yai yai <propfirst>'s for lunch  thanks <propfemale>!!
don't resent me when you're feeling empty   keep me in your memories   leave out all the rest 
remember   when i ask you a question   i probably already have the answer   that means being less than honest is a bad idea 
*sigh*  here we go again 
"words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain   the best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak "
new furniture  new carpet  new trampoline for the kids  new hat and coat stand   it's been a busy day 
wow  the kids really love the new trampoline  it was a great investment!
spring is here  time to spool the reels and hit the water!
man this new carpet is so soft i might sleep on the floor tonight 
normally i don't enjoy eviction court   but i'm really going to like this one!
"i'm on top of the world, <propfemale>!  ha haaaaaaaa!"
down right nasty with strength!!!!!!
the conference is in vegas!!!!  sin city here i come!!!!!  dammit i love my job!
"hosting a manager's meeting tomorrow   breakfast tacos or kolaches   decisions, decisions!"
off to ruggles grill for a company dinner   dammit i love my job!
way to go kyndall!  my daughter has made the national honor society!  wooo hooo!
"looking forward to a relaxing weekend watching the kids jump on the trampoline, sipping on orange juice!"
get of facebook and get to work!!!!!!  ha haaaaaaaaa!
scream 4?  are you serious?
i'm feelin' aggressive this morning   get up everybody!  go get some!!!!!!
wow  i guess there really is a first time for everything 
my oldest just got her first job  not sure if i should encourage this or stop it 
wow   what a dream!
"ha haaaaaa!  <propfirst> is <propfirst>, no matter what!"
"welcome to the <propfemale> team, <propmale> <propfirst>!"
it's so nice out   i think i will plan a picnic for tomorrow   gonna take the kinds and friends to san jac park and do some crabbing!
crabbing at san <propmale> park  the water is so nice 
crabs in the pot   chicken on the grill   it was a good day!
wow  kids went through the crab like a chicken through the corn!
since my zodiac sign is a crab   does that make me a cannibal?
i have a house full of kids again  don't know how i always let them talk me into this  but   i love being a dad!
"my mandarin, lemon and pummelo trees are all blooming   gonna be a good harvest!"
"the sun rise, the singing birds and soft hoot of the doves  god is indeed a miracle worker!"
