983133c45ad647faab87e6e818002da7
"yea!  i finally bought myself a decent computer and am back online! (following a pretty long hiatus)  so, if anyone has been feeling snubbed, sorry!"
"i hate housework!!! my new computer is a great diversion, but somehow, while i'm online, the mess seems to reproduce e playful onentially  would someone please come clean my house while i play on my computer?"
"thanks, everybody, for the sweet birthday wishes! they've really added cheer to my birthday! now i'm going to go have something yummy to eat!"
roof over bedroom is leaking again  <propfirst> wants to run away from home and let her kids deal with it (and with themselves!)  anybody in the mood for a long trip? preferably someplace <propfemale>?  i'd even do the driving if i have to     anybody?
oh no    oh no don't let the rain fall down  oh no    oh no don't let the rain fall down  oh no   oh no don't let the rain fall down    my roof's got a whole in it and i might drown     oh yeah my roof's got a whole in it and i might drown    
hope everyone has a wonderful day tomorrow surrounded by loved ones  happy thanksgiving!
"whoa! with this weather forecast, looks like we may be staying put! better get to the grocery and video stores quick! hope there's some good stuff left  i was not e playful ecting or prepared for this! except for the cold and the hardships it will cause, the prospect of a white christmas in arkansas is kind of exciting! everybody stay safe, warm, and surrounded by loved ones  and have a very <propfemale> christmas!"
"happy new year, everybody!"
omg! can <propmale> mcclinton still rock out or what!?! i think maybe that performance tied with spamalot for the most fun i've ever had at wac! just wish he'd perform at a local venue where people can dance!
"we need help naming our new cat  so far, i'm voting for"
"ok    anybody got any suggestions for cat names to throw in the hat? it needs to be rather unique and interesting as he is a unique and interesting cat  i want to name him schroeder, but baker doesn't like that"
"wondering if my other fb pals who attended pbhs in the '70's and who also may have had some of pbhs's rather frighteningly influential english teachers of that <propfemale> (remember them?) have as much difficulty as i do spelling yea, \yay\"" (for example)  can't do it  might get a visit from the ghost of pbhs past!"""
went to <propmale> halter's rally at uncle <propmale>'s this evening  had a good time  <propfirst> and i got to shake his hand and talk to him a bit  hope all my friends will vote for him!
"our wisteria is kinda scraggly due to a case of mistaken identity combined with an unfortunate encounter with some lopers  however, it is in full bloom and a gentle breeze is conveying its wonderful fragrance into the house through an open window   i wish that spring and its moderate temperatures could last until almost fall   summer would be great if the temp  wouldn't rise above 85 and the humidity would stay low!"
"just saw my sweet, formerly towheaded, baby boy go through commencement exercises at fayetteville high school and get his diploma!!! i'm feeling a little bit misty-eyed and a lot proud  congratulations baker!!! we love you!"
"if anyone has felt ignored by me, it's probably because i didn't see your comments  i've always depended on email alerts to my fb messages, but recently discovered that they've been getting sent to junk mail instead of my inbox  and i thought nobody loved me anymore!  sad "
"it's the annual bikes, blues, and bbq event in fayetteville  a definite downside to living close to dickson st   time to go someplace for some peace and quiet  i think i hear eureka springs calling me    although i'm sure there will be a lot of biker migration over that way, too  i like fall so much, but preferably w o the constant roar of <propmale> engines!"
"thanks, everybody, for the warm birthday wishes! they truly helped soften the harsh reality of being another year older "
so glad i got to see spring awakening! wish i could go again tomorrow    that's how good it is!
happy thanksgiving everybody!
"participated in my first horse roundup this morning  hey, i may get to realize my childhood dream of being a cowgirl yet!"
