b3cd7d55646681e4a3b1c959f1020228
"calling all cars! calling all cars! the snow is supposed to stop on sat, which means phat boarding  who's coming with me?"
the train leaves at 6 tonight  call if you want in on the ride 
thanks to everyone for the badass birthday surprise  that was awesome 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  vegas was a blast 
just had a brilliant idea    with no time to pull it off   
is snickering
is thanking everyone for helping out and making sunday one to remember   
game time!
anyone watching the liddell <propmale> fight tonight?
extra strikeforce ticket! who wants it?!
learn to swim! learn to swim!
<propfemale> trees    omfg
worst fucking relationship of my life 
god damn this bed is comfortable   
"turns out, there's a science to mis-representation  smile \\http annoyed  blog okcupid com index php 2010 07 07 the-biggest-lies-in-online-dating "
just got hit on by a bachelorette party of 21 year olds    awkward   smart enough to not do it    guy enough to be tempted   
calling all cars! music in the park tonight!
is more relieved than a constipated hot-dog eating champion who just boweled before the competition
"is officially    absolutely    broke  thank god there are no more parties, weddings, or trips for the rest of the year "
campbell tonight!
love the way you lie 2 surprise 7  laugh 
ufc party at my pad tonight  7pm
is at the dealership   
anyone know where to buy car window stickers in town?
is tired of this taxing stomach flu   
thinks it's time for a mother-fucking boat ride! see you all in sac! (ps - we've still got a few seats if you homely peeps want to raft it up)
is headed to the campsite   
i need a dmb <propmale> now! txt if your in!
time for slayer!
thinks his sj friends missed out on an epic show  laugh 
satch in napa! http annoyed  www ticketmaster com artist 736048
"just did my first ever \walk out\"" on a date  damn that was long overdue   """
"looks like it might be movie night!!\\http annoyed  www movietickets com movie_detail asp?movie_id=79130"
boom! time to throw caution to the wind and wreak some havoc!
"is looking for fellow beer drinkers to watch mnf downtown tonight  if you're a bears fan, it's required!"
"not a bad game  if you take away all the penalties, the score would've been about packers-712 to bears-17"
oh yeah    now i'm never growing up    http annoyed  www clashsf com 
<propfirst> has extra strikeforce tickets for saturday  let me know if you're interested   
"free strikeforce ticket for tonight! (i can't make it, but it's paid for)  3rd row seat  txt me if you want to take my spot  first come, first serve "
in honor of the new wow patch    http annoyed  xmorbidbabex deviantart com art world-of-warcraft-111619191
eject goose! eject!!
is wonderin' what's goin' on tonight!!
ufc party at <propfemale> row this sat!
tom: i have an evil twin!! matt: no! god would never make something that ugly twice 
is going out to watch the game
is f***ing exhausted   
the ufc party has become a giants and ufc party! game starts at 5 
"awesome party  thanks to all my friends for the foot marks on the wall and the transformation of my lamp into an artistic middle finger  giants, sharks, velasquez!"
"wants to thank <propfemale> for quite possibly the funniest, stupidest, joke ever  i'm still laughing  laugh "
halloween after party at my pad on sat night
is waiting to see the halloween pics  smile 
i swear to gps! this is awesome!
who's going to the parade??  smile 
"some people call me the space cowboy, some call me the gangster of love   "
savatage reincarnate!! - http annoyed  www facebook com officialdraconis
"sarcology - a degree in mockery, contempt, and intonation, often studied by the apathetic, and held by quite a few of my friends  smile "
"time to tune your boards!! i'm hitting boreal on sat for a season warmup  4 seats left  bus leaves at 6, returns at 7  follow up party at the wagonwheel at 9 "
now lives in a winter wonderland   
oh    this is getting good fast   
it's go time!
just got back to the truck     eating frozen jerky    hey! now i know what the dinner party felt like
i like doing things the way they weren't meant to be done  smile 
cataclysmic!
god damn i want to own that company   
"i'm not into cussing on my main posts, but this one deserves it     fuck you comcast    i can't wait until the government destroys your forsaken monopoly"
"\i'm like flypaper for the emotionally distraught\"""""
is gleaming the cube 
anyone want to see tron at midnight??
thinks the next year is going  to  be      awesome 
"\and when they come for me    come for me    i'll be gone   \"""""
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post "
"\i just set out to prove what was biologically wrong with people that didn't agree with me\"" - some old guy on cnn"""
