c8674813031284ff8c00e11fed2b7fce
"i need a picture  i don't have a webcam, and i've got two crappy ones on my phone "
got to love it when people bail out on your plans - guess i'm doing nothing 
i want to bring one of those rolly backpacks to school - just to see how everyone would react 
"yay, haircut "
"eww, the sun's outside "
"48 80 on a practice ap exam  ouch  guess i'm studying, damn it "
"giannaaa, take a picture with me  sad "
"mmm, white castle   "
they really just need to make it possible to hide fan pages on your news feed 
"right, i'm going to see what the big deal about this glee thing is and start from the first episode   "
doing another ap packet  just how i imagined spending my spring break 
damn  just woke up now 
does anyone want to e playful lain to me what doublethink is? because bowman's examples and the internet's examples sure do contradict 
i need to go to a dim sum place sometime   
"why doesn't arizona just make it so you have to get some sort of pass from the govt y proving legal presence (social security) which would be required to apply for a job? honestly, it looks like they just took the easy way out, to ensure that it wouldn't inconvenience white people whatsoever "
fuck this shitty new wikipedia  i hate it when they change the interfaces 
"isn't it rather hypocritical to stand against hunting for meat yet eat factory farmed meat? at least in the former the animal has lived life the way it was meant to be before being killed, and that means you're making some small impact on factory farmed meat by not consuming it as much "
"if anyone has shull for regular chemistry, what are the vocab words and what do we have to do?"
http annoyed  www formspring me itskumar
somehow i have a feeling i'm going to regret procastinating on bowman's independent reading project until sunday night 
got stuff for bowman's party!
awesome  aleks owes me five bucks  second world countries do exist 
"hahaha, mr  g gave me a 100% on the notes and i was missing like, half of it "
"http annoyed  www formspring me itskumar\ask!"
"failed ferth's final!\82% in that class, thank god for the project, averaged the final exam section to a c- "
"uhm  how the hell is ender's game an allegory? google doesn't seem to know either! thanks, english majors, for reading into books and making up your own meanings "
i already regret taking honors english  a bunch of pointless assignments on the worst topics for summer homework  awesome 
sweet  five on ap european 
the dutch lost   sad 
was that supposed to be a ending where the good guys win in one fly's over the cuckoo's nest? because that was fucking depressing 
"apush - glasser\multimedia - savage\algebra ii  w trig - holm\physics - nichols\english honors - bowman\apes - o'hara\\i want to transfer out of mm and to spanish "
dropped multimedia and took spanish honors  i better get fourth with pimentel 
so does anyone know how to do this surrealism portfolio?
"i got proficient on my cst for geometry! i completely blame that on having an incompetent teacher, and because i convinced g that i didn't need to do any of the review packets because i was going to get advanced anyhow "
glasser's homework is insane 
signed up for spanish online classes  looks really really long and boring   
righto  finishing up short stories at 5 smile 0  fun  on the sixth <propfemale>   
"damn, it's going to be nice weather throughout "
gettin' it down to arab money   
"in the 42 states which held statewide elections in both political \parties, 33,824,108 voted, an average turnout of 17 8 percent of \age-eligible citizens \\-------------------------------------\\17 8%  there's democracy at its finest "
"uhh \ms  bowman's on facebook?"
i've never had a day go from such a great one to such a shitty one  being sick sucks 
long hoang is my secret lover    love 
"so i think i'm going to learn how to play the piano again, but this keyboard doesn't have enough keys for a lot of songs   "
it's amazing outside 
anyone interested in buying a ps3?
what a waste of money  
pie is gross 
waking up at six forty five so i could go to <propmale> and answer ninety five questions on world history sure was exciting 
so fucking bored 
why is mountain dew so good?
"i tried studying for apush  i quit after a minute \there's my effort for the day "
> sad 
"screw the new zodiac signs  i'm a lion, not a god damn crab "
brother's bringing smoke eaters for me  sweeet 
time to write twenty two paragraphs  fun 
biggest waste of time 
