787cb34fd403201202d71b7f93670ebf
how did christmas end up only a week and a half away    ? where did the year go?
hallelujah!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm done with precalculus!!! woooohoooooo!!!!!  laugh 
why is it so hard to motivate myself to clean my room   ? i always end up finding something to pay with instead    kind of like a 2-yr-old 
is anyone else addicted to scrabble     or am i just nerdy like that    ?
why do wisdom teeth have to hurt like hell when they're coming in   ? why can't i just randomly have extra knowledge instead?
"i just dyed jullie's hair  hopefully i didn't mess it up    20 more minutes, and we'll find out       "
why does life have to be stressful and frustrating?
"i love games!!!! i think it's becoming a problem, lol"
sometimes a really good laugh just makes my whole day so much more fun!   smile 
i just signed up for my classes  i got the last spot in the calculus class i wanted!!! yay!! it's definitely going to be a full semester  i'm taking 17 units (maybe 20 if i can get into the history class   )     we'll see how studious i can be before i conveniently drop one    or three    classes  lol  wink 
you know    getting a root canal really isn't as bad as i thought 
why does life have to be so f***ing difficult and frustrating all the time    
i really need to get control of my insomnia tendencies    
"you know, it's very satisfying to be able to do stuff for yourself  i just did my own oil change in my car, and re-wired my mom's phone charger cuz the cat chewed it in half!  smile "
i'm excited about my italian class!! the only thing that sucks is i can't b s  my way through it and hardly study like i can with my math classes  lol
"being sick sucks!! although it is amusing to have a man-voice, lol"
loves going to comedy clubs!! i mean really    who doesn't love to laugh??!!!!
"fwd: annoyed prayer alert!!! for a fb friend's daughter audrin\<propmale>  hold the family up in prayer today  her two year old daughter\was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even \if you dont know her, god knows  please post this to your profile \for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl  please and god \bless you for doing it! (how could any parent or anyone not post?) pray\for this child, please!"
"you know    sometimes doing nothing can be exhausting    \lol"
"why does every little thing irritate me lately??!!!! what happened to the fun, easygoing, <propfemale>   ?"
why are things so difficult sometimes?
really needs to stop going to bed when the sun rises    its quite a bad habbit 
i hope everyone had an excellent 4th of july!!!!!
"ugh!! i need new glasses  these keep giving me <propmale> migranes, which is not fun at all, its extremely frustrating!!"
"oops   !! i did it again     the sun is already rising, and i'm only just now going to bed  i swear, seriously, this is the last time    for reals!!!"
one of these days i will figure things out  (         hopefully           )
"i'm so confused    the sun is out, it's like 90-something degrees outside (and inside my house  it sucks when the ac doesn't work!!), it's humid as hell, and yet     it's raining       !!!\did i miss something here    ??? i live in california, but i feel like i'm in the south right now! it's so weird!!!"
"can i just say    the \rocky horror picture show\"" in la last night     a-mazing!!!!"""
from december 1st to 25th change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the goal of the game? is to see no human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against child abuse  pass it to your friends!
why is it that i always procrastinate on everything   ? lol
