d20583373c99297c8babab57889f7d81
"ready for basic training, cant wait to get the hell outa indiana"
ready to just bone someone for hours  smile 
back from bct ready to have a little fun 
back in town for a little while
so i was taking a shower today and i look up and the ceiling and its dripping what looks like blood  i get up in the attic and it was blood from a dead cat    something mutilated the hell outa it 
"well i am now officially bored  my knees just stopped hurting and im not tired anymore  sad   if anyone wants to talk u know how to get a hold of me, if you dont then send me a message and i will get you my new number!!!"
just watched no country for old men and i am very disapointed with the movie after the first 2 3 of it  looking for something to make me happier now  sad  
"was just thinking some people have wierd turn ons    example, i like the smell of lavender? anyone else have anything wierd like that?"
"the moment you all have been waiting for will happen tonight, i am puting some new pics on here since forever but sorry no pics of army uniform cause they all kinda suck!!"
waiting on march 1st so i can start college  until then i am free so better hop on it if you wanna do anything 
is it to much to ask to meet a woman who doesn't have a kid before the age of 21    like really keep it in ur pants or use some birth control or something
got my new labtop yay
english composition done in one day   love testing out of subjects  smile 
about to go to greenwood mall  call or text if important 
i am no longer single anymore  smile 
well im single again  smile 
is moving april 17th woot woot!!
this easter has sucked no candy    no dinner or anything     would rlly like to go do something about now
isn't very happy today at all   woke up in pain   now in more pain    sleeping maybe 2 hours a night is taking to much outa me    i need someone here with me to make me feel better
so i kinda miss not talking to one of my old friends   i might just go over to see her today i haven't decided yet  smile  
sigh i wanna go out on a date and just have a fun time  sad 
next class history of video games fun!!
is very sad< could use someone to talk to
what to do when your parents put their hands on you? i say shoot first ask questions later  i have a huge ass bite <propfirst> from my mom cause she is a giant cunt  not only that but arguing is just getting to the point were i just wanna slit her throat  thoughts?
i have started this poke war and will win  smile 
so one day i will be a big game designer  until this day all shall worship me as there new hero? bored call or text 3174600066
ok so im back from kings island and my neck hurts  was fun but never riding diamondback again 
new tattoo check it peeps
single and i already have a date set up was easier then i thought  smile 
brains wandering    things are swirling     im so sad and upset and dont know what to do!?!
tired and happy i get a day off on sunday
so i got my apt reserved and what not amazing one bedroom loft
saturday new place and room mate     should be fun and interesting
these truck companies make me so angry all saying oh we will have your truck ready at 8 am then giving it to someone else   they can go fuck themselves in the ass
"girls are like knives, they stab and cut with no remorse  every girl is the same non are different  catch me on the flip side of things hopefully!!!"
so ya its my sex and i need it now!!!
"i feel left out    everyone i know who is my age already is married, has a perm  girlfriend, or has kids    when is it my turn huh"
so i am trying to find a date for my birthday that is coming up on the 21st  if anyone is interested send me a holla!
