791eb2df60b46592a753be15a7d9fad4
i am thinking that it should be friday but it is only tuesday  sad 
"why is it that every time i wear white, i get food on myself at lunch?"
work work work
"corporations, bankruptcy, wills, trusts & estates survey   my day sucks"
watching <propfirst> leno on primetime and lovin it!
i have a new phone number everyone  please update: 405-496-5390
playing the zoo game on birthday cards app   very addicting
getting ready for class
at work and wanting to be at home in bed
it is only 1 smile 0pm and this already feels like the longest day ever 
"looking forward to friday   no school, just work  smile "
only one  more class for the week   i think i can make it!
i am enjoying a night to myself   but i still miss my hubby
is super glad it is saturday!
"go texas tech! we kicked baylor's ass! (<propmale> says we only won by a touchdown, but what does he know?)"
dinner at the mansion on turtle creek rocked tonight!
purple paisley
i dont have kids   i have dogs 
at work until noon and then off to vegas!
is really glad it is friday 
can't wait for doggie training class tonight  niles and <propfemale> are going to do great!
"it took until 11:15pm last night, but niles finally emerged from the creek bed in search of food and located his kennel that we put out for him  i am so thankful that my baby is no longer lost and is safe at home!"
spring break is over  sad  back to school and work as usual 
omg!!! a suv just ran me off the road on nw e playful wy  thank god for quick reflexes and a dirt median with a broken curb at the perfect place 
tgif!!! and only 3 more days of class until finals time   then the whole summer without school! yea!
sunday golf with the husband
got to hole 6 but a tornedo in ocarchee sent us home  so much for a <propfemale> afternoon of golf 
my yard is quickly filling up with golf ball sz hail
"it's official  the roof, gutters and garage door are totaled  the air conditioner and fence need repairs  it's one hell of an insurance claim  go hail storm!"
why does rain automatically mean people drive like idiots?
just left a bridal shower and headed to crest for much needed groceries 
"nothing like going to work in flash flood rain on a monday morning  on the nice side, gave an umbrella to 2 homeless guys after i flooded my engine and got stuck downtown "
"so far this morning i headed to work, got caught in a flash flood that stalled & flooded my lexus, got towed, and am now heading home in a loaner car "
"on my way to an investment review at <propfemale>, then getting my hair cut, and heading to the golf range  a productive afternoon away from the office  smile "
is it wrong to be thrilled that state farm totaled my flooded lexus? um   nope! i get a new car! yippee!
wedding photos and italy photos are now posted  smile  check it out!
it is a wonderful tuesday morning and i am refreshed from my vacation weekend  here's hoping my new car arrives soon!
"i can't wait until 4pm  drinks with a girlfriend, then dinner with our guys  i do love fridays!"
i am getting my new car this afternoon! yea!
<propfemale> las vegas!!!
thanks to everyone for the well wishes on my birthday  it's going to be a great day  smile 
is it the weekend yet?
i have always been told that you have to love yourself before loving someone else but sometimes the love of someone else allows you to learn to love yourself again 
the weather is perfect and i've been stuck inside all day  tgif
i had a great weekend but now that i am at work i want my weekend back  *sigh*
"i'm so excited! my parents are moving to phoenix, az "
i worked out this morning before work so i am feeling productive 
class all day
i can't wait for class to be over 
i love that my personal trainer makes me hate him every saturday morning 
i can't wait for <propfirst> and <propfirst> to get here on friday! we are going to have a fun filled weekend  if only it were friday *sigh*
it was 90 and <propfemale> yesterday  today is 70 and <propfemale>  welcome to fall in okc 
my car said range 0 miles   i arrived at the gas station 2 blocks later  here's to that little extra at the bottom of the tank
"so, there was an earthquake while i was at the gym this morning  i didn't notice but apparently several other people did "
tgif
4 weeks of classes   then 2 weeks of finals   then graduation   yea!!!
ugh! i hate barbri!
i officially groomed my dogs today  and i didn't mess it up  go me  smile 
tgif! looking forward to dinner with friends this evening  smile 
"http annoyed  www petflow com invite uu429690\free shipping of pet food and treats and litter every month "
uncle bucky arrives this afternoon! yea! it will be so nice to have a few day off to spend with family and friends 
"the \test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed \ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to \function   one should, for example, be able to see that things are \hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise  \ \ \ \ \ -f  <propfirst> fitzgerald"
i'm about to take my last law school final   ever!  no more school! yay!!! (can you tell i'm excited?)  playful 
finals are over and law school graduation is on saturday  time to party!!!
had a great law graduation weekend with the family! now i just have to study for the feb  bar exam 
i am sick of studying for the bar exam and i only have to do it for 7 more weeks  *sigh*
i wonder if i will ever get to old to no longer love cold pizza?
just loved on rescue chihuahuas  even though i have two rescue corgis at home it still breaks my heart that i can't take another dog home 
is it wrong that i love sex and the city 2   i think not!
my dog is outside sunbathing   in the snow 
i am taking the oklahoma bar exam tuesday and wednesday  please pray for me  smile 
1 2 of the bar exam is complete  my brain feels like mush  wish me luck for tomorrow 
