b5e7e6b89baa4e960098e1bc61ad2b29
a new year brings a new me 
gotta pick my brother up from the airport in a few hours 
it's hot as hell down in the <propfirst>
gotta figure out what to do here in decatur 
best martial arts movie of the year? ninja assassin hands down  my boy rain is the shit!
im bored as hell and have no money and no glasses so i cant drive fuck!!!!!!!!!!
"cant wait until it gets warm again   not used to the cold anymore, damn "
"go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° keep the wave going! copy and paste! go vikings!!!!"
happy monday facebook peeps
<propfemale> christmas facebook
getting ready for new years!
happy new year! hope 2011 is great for all  it will be for me  12 months till my wedding!!!!!!!!!
getting ready for work         have 0 mins on my phone but call anyway if you need me and leave a message 
i'm 24 today!! yay another year older and still sexy lmao
lovin life right now
enjoying life right now  trying to learn how to play <propmale>'s bass guitar  it's kinda hard but i'm learning how to play iron man lol 
i'm glad i'm workin now but gettin home at 1am when i close is shitty 
"my dog's water broke, she's gonna have her puppies really soon! yay! i'm gonna be a grandma lmao"
"so far she has had 6 puppies, 4 girls and 2 boys  all of them but 1 are black  the other is brown  i'll have pics up tonight or tomorrow!!!"
the runt of the litter just died about 10 mins ago  poor little girl wasnt alive not even 24 hrs 
cillin infront of the a c with my dog rollie  it's supposed to be in the upper 80's down in the <propfirst>
hope all the mother's on my friends list had a great day!
"so, <propfirst> talked to my dad and got his blessing in asking to marry me  guys take note, asking the father frist is a great way to get in good with the future in-laws lol  date set for december 11th, 2010  if you want an invite and are willing to travel to st  <propfirst> around that time message me your info and i'll mail you an invite  here's to a new beginning   "
"just got back from fishing, it was so much fun and very relaxing  caught like 6 fish! too bad they weren't big enough to eat lol"
when everything feels like it's spinning out of control like a car on black ice just through your hands up and say jesus take the wheel
i love my wedding dress! everytime i see it my face lights up lol i can't wait to marry my baby <propmale>!
"happy father's day to all the men in my life  to my dad and brother: i love you 2 so much  sometimes it seemed i had 2 dads growing up but i wouldn't be who i am without your guidance  \to my grandfathers, may u rest in peace, i never really got a <propmale> to get to know you two all that well but i love you both and i miss you like crazy  without you two i literally wouldn't be here lol  you both gave me great parents "
in decatur w  my man and my family kickin it!! happy 31st birthday to my big bro bj 
somethin's wrong with me  i think i actually might like that song bruh bruh by plies  lmao i think cuz its so stupid that it just grew on me  cuz this is the dumbest song i've ever heard  proving once again you aint gotta say shit to sell records 
cant wait to see everyone today!!!
sucks not having the internet  hopefully i can get this job at autozone so i can get it turned back on 
got a new phone
whats there to get into tonite?
goodnight fb
"gone fishin   \darkladynitewolf"
"caught a little bass but other than that i was just feeding em lol\darkladynitewolf"
ravens beat jets 10 to 9
taking a nap   
watching blood: the last vampire
lets go viks!
come on vikes what are you doing? still 2 mins left you can do it!
i might like the new 32 bus route  its going right where i need to go
man this dad was being hella condescending to his kids  no wonder his lil girl couldnt figure out her math problem  i wouldnt be able to concentrate if i was her either  but it aint my place to say nothin so i wont
goodnight facebook
gotta be at work at 5:45 in the morning yay! lol
so happy to be off of work
"goodmorning fb! another day at work  see you guys when i get off \ ~tabby~"
"happy birthday to my nephew lil baron! auntie loves you and hates she's not up there with you  \ ütabbyü"
"well, down to one puppy the mom and now i have my grandpa's dog polo "
"had fun today  went down to warrenton, mo to take <propmale>'s daughter trick or treating  she had a blast and we got a bag full of <propfemale> lol"
"finally got the car paid off\ ~tabby~"
my future brother in law found out his gf is having a lil girl im so happy for them  now lets hope the baby has a normal name lol
i'm bored so here's a question for people that know me: what is the fondest memory you have of me?
champagne
getting ready to make some apple pies for tomorrow
"happy thanksgiving to everyone  it has always been a tradition with my family to say what we are thankful for and since you all are my fam as well what are you thankful for? \i am thankful to be alive and i'm thankful for having such a great guy in my life and having wonderful parents without them i wouldn't be here "
hope everyone had a great thanksgiving  i did it was awesome  and if you ever get a <propmale> to have real cranberry sauce i suggest you try it its fuckin awesome!
chillin with my family drinkin and laughin my ass off at my mom's sister and my daddy's brother
what's up fb fam! happy friday!
my baby <propmale> has the flu  gotta nurse him back to health 
"life's a bitch then you die, so fuck the world and lets get high"
one more month and we will have been together 1 full year! i can't believe this year has flown by so quickly  love you <propmale>!!!
"ugh i hate being sick  it sucks, and its snow outside and i cant go play in it cuz im sick   sad "
finally getting ova this cold! so happy ^ ^
not enough money in the world       
"love is a funny thing  \it can make you strong, \can make you weak  \they say love conquers all  \but will it conquer me? \will i play the fool in my own tragedy? \or the heroine in a romance fantasy? \will i be his <propfemale> or his prisoner? \his confidante or a criminal? \i guess only time will tale, \since this ship has already set sail \by me!!!"
nite fb kisses
<propfemale> christmas fb! hope <propfemale> brought you everything you wanted 
"happy 26th birthday <propmale>  i love you with all my heart!\ ~tabby~"
happy anniversary baby  we've come along way in this past year and i look forward to many more years by your side  love you always 
just got back from red lobster  had a great dinner 
had fun on my anniversary now i'm looking forward to my birthday!!!
no one loves me my phone hasnt rang in 2 days  sad 
alright headed out in this cold ass shit to go to work
"omg it's 8 degrees outside so damn cold\ ~tabby~"
gotta love this snow lol woke up and was reminded of minnesota's winters  the dogs are lovin it and me too!!!
"so tell me, have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?"
we've got puppies!!! i'll post pics when they're all born 
"happy birthday daddy, i love you a whole lot  to the people that couldn't come over or call him on his birthday, it's cool whateva he know who care about him  you knew we was having a dinner for him you could have came "
steelers and packers superbowl baby! steelers all the way
happy birthday lil cuz love you
10 months and 9 days until my wedding i'm so excited!!!
at 1:19 in the afternoon i made my entrance into this world 25 years ago today  thank you mom and dad for loving me enough to give me a <propmale> to grow up   everyone that i have met in my life up to this point has helped shape me into the woman i am today  thank you to all my friends and family that have sent me birthday wishes  i love you all 
"is e playful ecting again!!     i'm so excited!!! i had given up but, i'm so glad i didn't!!! god works in mysterious ways!!! i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official  i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting again!! yup it's official  we are e playful ecting *snow* today and again tomorrow!"
had a ball last night kicked it wit the fam and friends  thanks for comin out and helpin celebrate my birthday love ya'll  now time for that black and yellow pride  lets get it in steelers!!!
"steelers all the way baby lets get it\ ~tabby~"
i dont care still a steelers fan  congrats green bay
why the fuck you gotta pay court costs if you pay the damn ticket before you go to court??? bastards just money fuckin hungry #greedypigs
for my frontierville friends: planted some clovers they should be withered within an hour i think so you can at least get 5 for the kissing tree mission
just got back from the junkyard bar & grill  had fun and kicked it with my guy and my aunt 
have a great friday fb fam! love ya  smile 
at work making that money
at work making that money
the best thing to do when youre mad and at home by yourself is to clean  it's a great stress reliver #cleanhouse
they say mo money mo problems but not having it is a lot worse #notenoughmoney
finally got my laptop fixed soooooooo happy
i'd like to take this time out to wish a very special person happy birthday  grandma if it wasn't for you i wouldn't be here  literally  lol because you gave birth to my father i'm here today  i love you so much 
