0449905304c01fe32a3aa2eb4b0d34b2
giving <propfirst> a bath!   smile 
is soooooo ready for florida!  smile 
hates storms
cleaning and packing     for florida!!   smile 
leaving for florida tomorrow  smile 
getting ready to leave!
had a great time at the beach today    got alot of sun and now im just watching the kids or while   and im real excited for deep sea fishing tomorrow!  it's gonna be awesome   smile 
deep sea fishing was amazing!
getting ready to go to margaritaville    parasailing was pretty sweet    besides the sharks <propmale> saw!
tired      smile 
"missing florida, but glad to be back home "
ready for wednesday!
had a great time at holiday world   except the voyage was shut down!   sad 
hate this town   sick of this house   
finished a good book today  smile 
started another good book     im hoping to finish it by the end of tomorrow night!
lovin' tennis 
"\scrubs\""  is lame        smile """
last day of summer    sad 
hate school 
hates alg  ii and perverted teachers 
hungry 
having spaghetti for supper    my favorite!  smile 
"so much for \sweet 16\"""""
had a greeeat day          not 
colt's back for 2 weeks!    smile 
goin' to bed !      & hopefully catching up on some sleep  
"exhausted    but still have an essay to write, plus some anatomy homework  as well as study for spanish       -i hate school "
not sure  
waking up at 5 smile 0      greeeat !
just not a good day 
colt leaves on the ship tomorrow  no communication for 6 weeks!!   sad  keep him and the rest of our troops in your prayers!!
so relieved and relaxed   but extremely exhausted 
starting to trust myself again   
hates the medicine im forced to take 
my twin   (<propfemale>) & i   (pene)  definitely rocked our outfits at school today     smile 
<propmale> headache   sad 
 sad 
not sure why certain things happen   sad 
   thinking 
is anti-social 
is eating an apple and watching <propfemale> re-runs    smile 
they play the cosby show over roseanne       seriously?? what is tvland doing!!??!?
seriously!!!!!??!?!?        indecision 
<propfemale>ooooo  mad sad about army wives tonight!!!! <propfemale> anxious about what's gonna happen!!!!     indecision 
things are much better now    smile 
"2 tests tomorrow, plus tons of homework   sad "
"10 smile 0 at night and i still have to study for 2 tests, plus read 6 chapters in eng , right a report for government & some vocab     it's gonna be a long night !"
finished my government report & im actually really satisfied with how it turned out  smile 
not even sure what to do anymore      but very thankful for my family and friends   
idek 
god is so good  god answeres prayers!
fixing supper!   smile 
wishes my essay for this scholarship was already written   
does <propfemale> ever shut up!?!   or stop complaing   ?  ever!!????  seriously 
have my hopes up way too high    but im definitely enjoying this feeling       smile 
needs to find her flash drive          now!
visitation   sad 
loving god with all of my heart!!!
literally laughed for 10 minutes straight last night      wow   i had a blast with my bests!   smile 
colts are still undefeated   smile     7-0!
should probably start my government report    and the rest of my homework 
sooo tired      still have to finish algebra and do my government homework -which i have no clue how to do 
homework    
excited for sunday!   smile 
hates speeches 
my teeth are free!   laugh 
you make me smile   smile 
a 6 minute speech from just 10 note cards      not too bad 
headache    sad 
not sure what to do think 
4 tests tomorrow      fantastic 
sooo confused 
"overslept, late for school, alg  test, and disecting a heart all in one day     not too bad!"
babysitting    
push ups at midnight     im weird 
colts       enough said   smile 
"is giving blood tomorrow   not gonna lie, im a little nervous!"
is eating scrambled egg whites 
gave blood today!   smile 
hates school with a passion!   i wish it was non-existent 
didn't get any sleep last night     literally  i've been up since 2 in the morning 
at heathers!
didn't go to sleep tiill 5 this morning     and sleep deprivation is just now catching up with me  i should probably go to bed 
finally got a job!
is getting sick       sad 
sick on thanksgiving    just my luck 
coughed up the biggest snot ball of my life   
is on a country music kick 
is eating puppy chow
love stinks     ya yaaaa 
home from work    
is in desperate need of a good night sleep!
hates school 
wishes she could go to the game tonight!
"loves how things that should make me mad, actually humor me and all i do is laugh       smile "
got my speech done in a whopping 10 minutes!   smile 
wants mexican food 
my house smells like skunk      yay 
not exactly sure what to do 
is reading her bible     smile 
no homework tonight!!
"\i see\""  said the blind man to his deaf daughter """
packing for kentucky   won't be home all weekend!
history and government test monday    history exam friday;this should be an interesting week  
your opinion is extremely important   which is better? strangers with <propfemale>?   or talledega nights?
does anyone know what time youth group starts tonight??
work 4-8
he (god) always knows just what i need!!   smile 
had a dream about <propmale> potter sometime between 7 smile 0 and 8 surprise 0 this morning 
studying on a saturday night     not cool 
finally finished 4 study guides     now i need to actually study them 
   studying 
is probably the worst present wrapper      ever 
wants some puppy chow 
hanging out with the evil sister!      aka-lauren <propfemale> 
got a puppy!!    and named him <propfirst>   smile 
wishes her puppy was potty trained!
wishes there's a snow day tomorrow              
"sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this   when jesus died on the cross, he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3%, repost this message  praise god he died for me and you "
is gonna be the only person in my government class tomorrow      
packing!  and trying to fit everything into one suitcase   annoyed \
should start homework and study         but i'd rather not 
loves reading her bible    it gives so many answers for my problems!  smile 
"never thought i'd say this     but, i need to work more!"
"spanish translation, spanish project, english essay, alg  worksheet, government project, and copy history notes         gotta love highschool "
thinks our youth group is just amazing!
"received a text that said absolutely nothing and it was sent at 11:59     -    12 31 69  not exactly sure what it is, but im kinda freaked out by it "
hates spanish
worked a 12 hour shift today      working an 8 hours shift in 11 hours      go iga!
two huge tests tomorrow     looks like im pulling my first all-nighter of softball season  
    studying 
softball pracitce     
bullcrap    
<propfirst> just lost his first tooth!   smile 
doesn't want to work 12-8 tomorrow 
typing my rapha house letter    
       life's not fair 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  93% won't copy and paste this  i did but will you???"
had a great time fishing today!    smile       the boys weren't very successful     but <propfemale> and i caught a total of 20 fish!!!    i only caught 4   <propfemale> caught 16   <propfirst> and <propfemale> were some awesome worms   janet and <propfirst> were failures      
i wish my softball schedule didn't complicate my life 
should really start working on her english homework      
got a prom dress!   smile 
thinks algebra is the most pointless class ever created and it should be banned from schools everywhere      hopefully i don't fail   my grade is going downhill fast-er than it was before 
my puppy won't stop humping everything that he sees     including me!   indecision 
my entire life i've been taught that you need to work hard for what you want in life  but what happens when you give your all and it still isn't good enough?
seriously considering changing my last name      
had a great day!!    smile 
im sorry i dont suck up to you or kiss your butt for things to happen for me i mean thats obviously what needs to happen to get anywhere with this but thats just not me so dont e playful ect me to do it-because i wont your bullcrap is getting me nowhere  but i'll continue to work hard and do my best because i know that that is what really matters in life 
baking cookies for tomorrow!
loves <propfirst> lambert!!!     smile 
colt comes home in 1 week!!!    smile 
"still needs to write my english essay      screw you act, screw you "
beat <propfirst>!!!!     5-1    smile 
"sooo, there isn't a hole in my face       but there is a huge bite <propfirst> thanks to my teeth!"
"right now there is a police officer helping \someone, a police officer working the streets so that they are safe for \you, a police officer missing their family while caring for yours  in \the minute it took you to read this, police officers all over the world \are saving lives  its police officer appreciation week  repost    if you\are a police officer, love a police officer, or appreciate a police \officer "
<propmale> headache!   
should invest in a new bathing suit for the summer 
wants to go to florida    bad!    sad 
taking <propfirst> to the vet in the morning to get fixed!!
  that was dumb 
work 3 smile 0 to 7 
found $15 when i cleaned my room earlier!   haa   smile 
double header tonight!   can't wait   smile 
double header in the morning!       i should probably get to sleep  
ready for tuesday!   another double header    just won both of our games yesterday and today!!   smile 
is hungry!!    but i dunno what to eat   sad 
work 4-7        go igg-uh!!
ncaa softball championship-game 1     ucla is losing to arizona    really??    soooooooooo gay 
ucla wins!!   laugh       one more game to go!
ecclesiastes 3:1-8        one of my favorite verses     smile 
hopin' my games aren't canceled!
hit a grand slam tonight!!    smile 
another double header tonight!    smile     hopefully it's not canceled!!!
is bored    and hungry     i miss <propfirst>!!   sad 
wants to swim     
"is suffering from a disease known as \ugly face syndrome\""       please pray for me   sad """
won our game tonight     2 more tomorrow!!   hope we do really well    i wanna win this tournament   smile 
2 more games today!!   hope we do well   smile 
finally    a few days off   smile 
is trying to decide on a career      any ideas??
brushcreek next week!!   im so excited i get the <propmale> to go!!   smile      hopefully work doesn't interfere too much     
is packing!
sooooooo       i hate <propfemale>     blaahhhh
tournament tomorrow!!     thennnn       brushcreek here i come!!   smile 
finally home!   smile     until i leave for softball tonight!
"surprisingly, no weight gain from all of doc bunnel's food this week!    smile           getting ready to leave for charleston    be back sunday!!"
finally home     now work all week    sad 
double header at centralia            smile 
"totally got thrown out of the game tonight     i must say, it was an interesting way to end the season               sad "
work 10-4!     sad 
work 10-7   then babysitting 
needs a trip to the library!  im all out of books to read!    sad 
went to the library finally    now i can get back to reading  smile 
good one <propfirst> <propmale>     
"don't let anyone, or any rejection, keep you from what you want "
work at 4    sad 
kinda wishes school would start     so it can end    and i can get away   !!
"so nice to see everyone at church today   i haven't really noticed it until now, but i missed everyone soooo much!    gotta love fcc and our awesome youth group  smile "
is hungrryyyy!            sad 
is gonna go read     hopefully i finish this book tonight    so i can start another one tomorrow!   smile 
is exhausted            
 love  addison grace bense     6lbs  1 oz   17 5 in long       smile      love 
is hungry   
hates this place   
wants to go swimming!!!
"screw you iga           screw you       \ indecision "
today succckkedd!!!!!            sad 
got off work early!!   laugh 
bored    
work 4-7      !
really really really dislikes stubborn people             sad 
is ready for school to be over!           smile 
work 12-4    
now has 9th hour wt  training instead of p e     smile 
is ready for church tomorrow!     
"softball kicked my butt tonight    sad \\im gonne be sore tomorrow!"
the world lost a great man this week      but he's now in heaven with god!    love you always grandpa white!  we miss you!     love 
thank you skunk for making our entire neighborhood reak of your nasty-ness 
would anyone know why my house reaks of sharpie marker??         everywhere!
is sooooo hungry               sad 
hates <propfemale> 
had alot of fun boating tubing today!!      ---thanks <propfemale>!  smile 
"\how can it be that two of the greatest friends in the world can go from being each other's everything to absolutely nothing??\"""""
i hate school    sad 
is going to watch monsters inc     
"hates sentence patterns     i know how to write sentences, okay!!!!????"
is having a great birthday so far!     getting ready to go to the football game with <propfemale>!   smile 
had the best birthday ever!    thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!   && congrats to the <propfemale> wolves! it was an awesome game!!   smile 
1 5 sentences down      8 5 to go     -it can wait till tomorrow     smile 
"it was only my first day, but i can honestly say i absolutely love my child care classes!      love  \   smile "
 love  if i die young  love 
it's 5 surprise 0 and i only have 2 sentences left!!    it must be a miracle   
work     for about an hour 
"yay, application essays!    my favorite!          not "
blahhh     it's going to be a long night!    sad 
sooooo tired    so much homework!    sad 
"another long night!         \\ sad "
seriously     i hate this place 
 love  jersey girl  love 
2 tests tomorrow!    sad 
is procrastinating          annoyed \
2 down    2 to go!   annoyed \
it's <propfirst>'s 1st birthday!    laugh      love 
"is skipping homework tonight!   smile \tomorrow is gonna suck "
gag 4-7 
is shredding     hopefully!   smile 
wishes the football game wasn't so far away!   sad 
nap time!   smile 
really elks org      you're gonna keep signing me out ??   im not trying to fill out a scholarship application or anything   you're cool  
well     this should be interesting   
cellone    i hate you   !
"loooves <propfirst> swift's new cd!     love     \ smile "
"awesome thought: the right guy is out there right now, wondering when he's going meet someone just like you      love "
wants another puppy!     sad 
\you can <propmale> a dream\,0449905304c01fe32a3aa2eb4b0d34b2,soooo excited!   smile 
working on scholarships!
english essay is going nowhere       this is ridiculous !
watching toy story 3!     smile 
doing my 4789657 homework assignments and projects     all due within a week    sad 
"is thinking that my genetics research paper due this wednesday should write itself         yaaaa, that'd make this crappy day awesome  "
happy birthday to miley <propmale>!!   yaayaay!!   smile   smile 
\come on, come on \0449905304c01fe32a3aa2eb4b0d34b2,there's nothing like working on a research paper at 1 surprise 0 in the morning     yay genetics!    smile 
working on my research paper     hopefully i get it done this afternoon   i do not want to be up all night doing this!
"dear stairs leading to my bedroom,\i officially hate you \love, \<propfemale>   love "
"dear really(and i mean really) mean customer,\thank you for causing my day to be 10xs worse than i thought it would be \i appreciate you freaking out on me for an honest mistake one,in fact,that isnt that big of a freakin deal to begin with im thinking making a 17 yr old girl cry like a baby wasnt on your to-do list today,but congratulations! -you did it anyway!"
chem ii is gonna end up killing me         sad 
work  4-8       
reaaallly needs to study    sad      but i don't wanna     
soooooo over this     
ready for a nap!   sad 
"the room is clean, the grinch is on tv! annnddd the blues are playing (and winning!)        i don't think this night could get any better!    smile   smile "
 smile   smile  !!!!!    love 
"i love my presents, i love my family more, but i love god the most for the best gift of all time--jesus!!!!  smile  smile "
paaaaiiiinnnn        sad 
"reaaallly wanted to go ice skating earlier   sad \ohhhh well     i did plenty of shopping to make up for it!  smile "
"really needs a snow day   \ smile "
snow time with <propfirst> and <propfirst>!    smile 
"best way to ruin supper??    --let <propfemale> make it   smile \ love "
 smile 
is it may 22nd yet??
   scholarships--my favorite!
"worrkiinngg    \this should be an interesting night   \ sad "
less than 2 hours to do 2 essays    here we go!
"    homework or the notebook??      hmm   i choose the notebook!   love \ smile "
"<propfirst> <propmale> shultz  love \ smile "
forget what you feel and remember what you deserve 
has had an awesome weekend with fcc youth group!   smile 
"\it's hard to imagine you as a boy  did your parents call you mr  feeny?\""  ---boy meets world!"""
"scholarships, scholarships, annndd   wait for it!  more scholarships!    sad "
it's gonna be a looongg 3 weeks        sad 
good burger!   love 
"tornado watch in february, really??                   lovely!      "
i hate this place 
army wives  love !
it's not about the past    it's about right now 
--but these places and these faces are getting old    
"exhausted     and i still have scholarships to work on!     ohhhhhhh, and this whole research paper thing    ridiculous!    sad "
"is procrastinating  \ annoyed "
"is struggling to get 8 pages typed for this paper    \uggghh   sad "
"these next few days are gonna be veerryyy lonnngg     sad \buuttt, i did finish my huge scholarship packet!  a total of 19 schoalrships    finally done  (and in the mail!)   \ smile "
"really??      only 4 pages typed so far    \wow "
"uhhhh, overload much??"
"dear may 22nd,\why must you be soooo far away!?  \ sad "
"8 pages completely typed??  whaaattt!?\ smile "
<propmale> mccreery!  love !
so glad to hear that one of my friends and her family from japan are all ok!!  please continue to pray for everyone!   love       smile 
can't wait till july 15th!
ok army wives    why do you always do this to me!!?    sad 
had a great morning with <propfemale> hamilton!    smile 
great win against st  <propfirst> today!    smile 
"37 school days left   \ annoyed "
another win!   great job wolfgals!   smile 
"research paper or blues game??   hmm    \blues   duh!   smile "
needs a prom dress          
