1f81341e9f258782b1664e03abd9d148
i don't know why i have a facebook  i never get on 
finally finished moving!!!! god i absolutly love raleigh    you know your backwoods <propfemale> when civilization feels like luxury ahahahah
so i totally spelled the wrong your  it should be you're lol
so   its raining outside      again
just chillin' on my last day off  its back to work tommorrow
just awake and its 4am   ugh
"aaawww, thanx everyone for the birthday wishes  i had a super day! i think that my twenties are going by wwwaaayyy too fast though, lol "
r i p <propfirst> swayze-you'll be missed!
finally feeling like i'm once again amongst the living
i love having days off
heading over to amykins!!!
where's your will to be weird? - <propmale> morrison
i had my first math class today    tomorrow creative writing!
so i guess the thing nowadays is to post lyrics for your facebook updates       here's to conformity      wait i don't know what song i want to post
definitely looking forward to having a day off soon
japanese food and studying   perfect combination
omg   it's like the crazies have all come out of hiding and somehow managed to find me hahahaha
finally! my day off   sigh
so     it's supposed to be 60 degrees today and it was about 30 two days ago     why torture us
the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-oscar wilde very sound words to live by hahaha
finally! home from work-defenitly ready for dinner and movie night
god it's so pretty outside
everyone  needs  to  see  the book of <propmale>!!! <propmale> waits was in it 
it's by baby brother's 21st birthday   kinda weird-i wonder how my mom feels about it hahahaha
omg my house is freezing! the heat broke and i don't know how to fix it-guess i'm not staying in my own house tonight
scratch that freezing thought-my landlord just had it fixed-thank god for <propfirst>
heading to tarboro tonight
just working    only one client today which i'm not too sad to see-kind of a nice break
wow     leo is so spoiled
*sigh* i love days off!
i don't remember being absent minded         surprise 
"you know, for once i actually do hope that it snows-be nice to have an actual saturday off"
it's snowing!!!!!!!
wow <propfirst> is really taking to the snow
wow   i have both sunday and saturday off because of the weather    i have no idea what to do with myself-an actual normal weekend!
*sigh*   yes another day off work-watching the boondock saints   definitly one of the best movies ever
you know how i know that there's a god     because five guys exists-and five guys can save me from any hangover    no matter how hard it was to drag my ass out of bed hahahahahaha yet another successful karoake night kiddies
*sigh* definitely looking forward to sleeping in
"ok guys, let me start off by saying how much i really love each and every one of you and if you ever need in anything-i'm there  however, that being said, i have a new rule-saturdays and sundays are the only two days i get to sleep in at all and i would greatly appreciate it if all phone calls to me would be made at 10am or later  thanx  joyful "
well-i guess the football craze is over until next season now   congrats to the saints
"god i swear <propfirst> elwes starring intensley at buttercup and just saying \as you wish\"" is never going to get old"""
i think i'm definitely ready for another night out
"so my mom went out of town this weekend and my brother is using her place for a house party, which i'm fixing to go to          this should be interesting"
happy valentine's day!!!
so    the agenda for today      shopping!!!!
i'll knock you in the head and tell god you died!        southern threats hahahahahaha
ugh   it's 3am and i'm awake for some strange reason
about to make homemade lasagna   yummy!
rainy and kinda humid     thank god spring is almost here
just got home from seeing shutter island-it was ok  defintely a rent
"what is it about a nap, hot bath, and a grilled cheese sandwich that is so perfect on rainy cold day?"
"helping finish up cleaning out my granny's house today-i got her cookbooks, hymnal that she's had since childhood, my grandaddy's bible, and their wwii letters      wow"
1 week until i go see <propfirst> clapton!!!!!!!
super excited about <propfemale> in wonderland tomorrow!
ya know     the week started out really stressful-now it's turning out to be one of the best weeks i've ever had!
just hanging out with my <propfirst>
today was the official first day of the year when it was warm enough to ride in the car with the windows down-spring is here!!!!!
sweet tea      the nectar of the gods
"<propfemale> to me \god 'lana    it's your money-go crazy\"""""
you know   i've been thinking     billy corgan is like a creepy <propmale> from the big bang theory
did ya'll know that the male barnacle's penis is the largest one in nature when you consider it's proportion to it's body     must be nice to be the female barnacle
i don't think that there is any other puppy in the world as sweet as my <propfirst>!
having one of those weeks      just ugh
i'm cleverly disguised as a repsonsible adult hahaha
saw repo men last nite     amazing and twisted
i think      that i need to go fishing 
teiam     problem solved
it's saturday!!!!!
watching titanic on t v -god i can't believe that i was 10 when this movie came out
i just bought conan 1 and 2 as well as red sonja-god you can't beat cheesy 80's fantasy!
i need to stop napping during the day cause all i wanna do now is stay up all nite      
happy zombie jesus day everyone!!!!
so     has anyone else on here ever been so tired that they couldn't sleep  surprise 
i have a new baby now! her name is <propfemale> and she's a red doberman pinscher-leo is in love of course ahaha
happy 4 20!
god   if you just open one pack of gum all of a sudden ppl are your best friend
just booked my room in n'awlins!!!! hahahahahaha that's new orleans for all you non-southern speakers-god i'm so excited!
<propfirst> starts training on monday!!!     thank whatever entity that's floating around out there
pollen is the enemy!!!!
 love 
"wow    i'm just sitting at the kitchen table and my mom starts saying, \i've got a hollow leg! i've got a hollow leg!\""-i have no idea what she's talking about and she thought i wouldn't hear her      wtf"""
i wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac
just got a fresh batch of strawberries from vollmer farms! ready to make strawberry preserves and a beef pot roast with gravy tomorrow    yummy
so i decided to make jam instead of preserves     it came out perfect
god i love thunderstorms   nothing on this earth that's more relaxing
omg it's 3am and i can't sleep    ugh restless night
 love 
only 200 more pages to go with east of <propfemale>  i hope i finish it this weekend   hahahaha i don't sound pretentious at all hahaha
i would really like to thank whoever the f-ing genius was that decided to make <propmale> ave  a 55 right when you're coming off 40-which is 65 by the way-and then put the speed limit so far down the road that you don't know it until you're near town       and that's when the blue lights flash -_-
tis the season to start finding ladybugs in the most surprising of places
i'm seriously ready for splice to come out      
just bought the new black keys album     amazing!!!
gloating about the awesomness of my bday gifting capabilities hahahaha
the kisses of the sun were sweet i didn't blink  i let it in my eyes like an exotic drink  the radio playing songs i never heard  not another word just la la la la la la it goes around the world just la la la la la!
i hate the ref  that did that stupid foul call on usa when we played slovenia today       ggrr now hopefully we'll beat algeria and england won't make 2 goals in the next game so that we can advance   we'll see if miracles happen
"now living in the location that deliverance was filmed    well sort of, it's not the mountains, but trust me, if you go into the henderson walmart, you'll see what i mean"
i dreamed last night that i was at work doing a bunch of deep tissue bodywork and then i woke up tired       its time for a vacation
"poor leo   he has an ear infection and instead of going to lie down, he just keeps laying his head in my lap and nuzzling my arm to pet him  crying  he's a poor baby"
i'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of vinegar hot sauce
"i love how when i try to go pee first thing in the morning, my damn dogs race me to the bathroom so they can drink from the magic fresh water bowl       just saying"
painting and re-doing my entire bedroom today    i think it's a perfect start to 24 tomorrow
"wooohoo!!! hellz yeah i'm 24!!!! i don't know why, but this really feels like it's gonna be my best year yet      so who knows what'll happen ;}"
"so i know generally that ppl consider their new year to begin on jan 1, but i've always started my new year on my b-day  i like to reflect on where i've been and to where i'm headed  i think i'm just thankful for all the lessons that i learned, that i made it through some tumultuous transitions, and that i have an abundance of friends and family that i love dearly  thanks for all the b-day wishes and happy new year!"
just got back from manteo and nags head beach      i love the <propfemale> coast when it gets near to fall
i love my cuddlebugs leonidas and sasha     nothing beats a creature that worships you at every step hahaha
"you know what, even though there are some things that i would like to be different right now, at the end of the day when i'm drinking a perfectly chilled sweet water blue, i really am pleased with where i am at and where i'm headed  life is good    salute!"
finally got my hands on season 3 of the big bang theory    leonard you know you're my soulmate lol *_*
going to the tea room with my amykins!
why don't shrimp give to charity     cause they're shellfish! hahahaha   omg i haven't slept for days       
wow    you know its amazing what you find when you clean your room  i had no idea i owned so many notebooks and calculators     i just bought a brand new calculator too
my poor little girl has to go to the vet today
laissez <propmale> bons temps rouler!!!! (let the good times roll) i'm off to new orleans!!!!
"so yesterday was filled with tarot card readers, good food, artists, voodoo shops, a very confused shop keeper who thought that me and <propfemale> are in relationship, and hrs upon hrs on bourbon st -i want to live here"
cemeteries today!!!!!!
1 smile 0am and restless
feeling pretty good right now        
i have made plans for today     i plan on doing absolutely nothing since its my day off *sigh* nice to have quiet day sometimes
nights   
"ugh 2 smile 0 am, wide awake, and nothing to do       welcome to small f**king town <propfemale>"
watching superbad and chillin' after work        this movie never gets old
pining away for new orleans still    can't wait till december when i get to go back!!!!
seriously crashin'     night
beach day!!!!!!!!!!!
i love finding weird little stores filled with weird little things     
there's a fly buzzing around in my room and both me and the dogs are trying to kill it       leonidas just crashed into my bookshelf trying to eat it       ugh
<propfirst> caught the fly and ate it finally      eeww
"stressful day      very, very stressful day       "
watching frailty       god this movie never ever gets old   plus i need to see some blood spouting out from freshly mutilated bodies after this weekend lol
i love it when creepy guys go to shake your hand and then kiss it          ugh
scarface dvd and beer    yes!!!!!!
thanksgiving!!!!
"watching <propfemale> girls     <propfemale> shaking hands with the psychiatrist, \ i know its not pertinent now    but i'm double jointed \"" hahahahahaha amazing!"""
i need serenity 
off to class      
off to new orleans i go     amazing the curve balls life throws at you from time to time      def  keeps you on your toes lol
christmas tree shopping!!!!!!!!!!
mama talking about calling the dogs in to daniel-\daniel," call the heathens in\""\"1f81341e9f258782b1664e03abd9d148,t-minus 30 days till i leave for st john's!!!!!
i love how my dog snores like an eighty year old man lol
i need warmth in my life right now    ugh!!!!!!  annoyed 
i wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac     just sayin'
not sure where i want to spend my time off    either back to new orleans or charleston hhhhmmmm       i'm thinking charleston
3am and wide awake      seriously?
good night facebook! christmas shopping early in the am! wish me luck       omg lol
happy winter solctice!!!! everyone watch the lunar eclipse-its the first time in hundreds of years that these two events have fallen on the same night!!!!!
posted up in the house studying my greek textbook all over again      3 more wks and i'm outta here!!!!!
i stare at you with pathological intensity muahahahahahaha!
"in memory, everything happens to music-tennessee <propmale>"
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!
watching <propfemale> hall and eating chinese    this movie never gets old
"just finished exquisite corpse by poppy z  brite     if any of you want something insanely awesome and twisted, def pick this up!!!!"
snow day!!!!!!!!!
is it too early to bust out the alcohol and put it in the hot chocolate?
as my two crazy dogs try to play tear each other's faces off     i think should've considered two cats instead      
"exactly 2 wks until i drive out to sante <propfemale>, new mexico for st john's!!!!!!!!!!!"
valerian tea    thank god
"if you are patient in one moment of anger, you will avoid one hundred days of sorrow  -chinese proverb"
got some wine to go with this studying now     much smoother sailing hahaha
it is as bad as you think    and they are out to get you     just sayin'
"lunch with my amykins   then study, study, study!!!! 11 more days till i move to <propfemale> <propfemale>!!"
"sarcasm, i now see to be in general, the language of the devil    muwaahahahaha"
it seems like only stupid people are breeding sometimes     just sayin'
today's my last day at work before i leave for new mexico o o its so surreal i'm leaving next saturday!!!!!
mmm    making pound cake with <propfemale> custard topping!!! we'll see how it goes
"other things may change us, but we start and end with family "
taking stuff off to ship to new mexico today!!!! seriously excited to be getting out of nc as soon as possible
"has anyone else ever thought about the fact that if you minus the year, today's month and day of the week could potenially be the day that you die on in the future  example-you could die on a tuesday in january   you just don't know what year you'll die in     and everyday until that dismal end has the same potential"
going to wilmington!!! only 2 more days till i'm out of nc!!!!
shopping day!!!!!
"peace out nc!!!!!!! early flight tomorrow     much love to everyone  i'll see ya'll for weddings, holidays, and funerals    other than that i'm gone  joyful "
finally got into my dormroom    very comfy lol
"aahh    beautiful sunrise in new mexico  i'm 2 hours behind you guys, so that's why i'm just now talking about it"
"how is it that i'm a master at holding something in my hand, then losing it within the next 5 seconds!!! ugh  annoyed "
yeah    coming back to st john's is definitely the best decision i've ever made
another day in the life hahaha
dorm decorating goodies finally got here!!!! i promise pics to follow shortly    
omg    its the headache from hell
"if i look like a voodoo doll, that's what i am! hahaha gotta love <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>"
this is the first wkend  i've had in a couple of yrs that's actually a wkend for me and i don't have to go to work lol it feels sssooo strange
its finally the weekend!!!! believe me     every shot that i plan on consuming tonight i have whole heartedly earned
totally bumming around today     god its nice
god    late at night like this i really really miss my heathens   aka leonidas and <propfemale>
chillin' listening to gregorian chants and working on my greek translations while its snowing outside and drinking coffee  joyful  i love st john's
omg    i need more sleep      
ok no more pepsi for dinner    being awake now and having to get up at 5am is beyond ridiculous
aauuggghh!!! i have no idea how to write a math paper!  annoyed 
ok   i surrender   i'm going to the math tutor with my notes for help with this math paper    omg and its due friday!!
finally got my vintage opium label display!!!!!
thank god for understanding professors!! i got an extention on that disaster of a math paper   guess i know how my wkend is gonna be spent lol
"in order to truly understand virtue, we must first acquaint ourselve with vice -geoffery rush from the movie quills    oh tonight i so whole heartedly agree    thank god its friday finally!"
finally finished that beast of a math paper!!!!!!! now to work on greek     lol 5 more wks till spring break
disaster averted for the wk thank god     
omg tonight it is -5 degrees in <propfemale> fe     how  is  this  possible?!?!?!
i am discovering the arete (virtue in attic greek) of euclid lol     i will master this math class!!!!
i love how there is a gas shortage in new mexico and everyone is freezing    god when will winter be over!!!!!
symposium party this weekend!!!! seriously ready for it   and its only monday lol
writing the resume for my new orleans internship     seriously hope i get it!!
life is looking amazing!!! i seriously think that being in new orleans for the summer is actually gonna happen!!!!!
"well i've been faithful and i've been so good  except for drinking, but he new that i would  i'm gonna leave this place better than the way i found it was and jesus gonna be here  he gonna be here soon    gotta love <propmale> waits"
three day wkend!!!!! going into <propfemale> <propfemale> tomorrow     i'm seriously ready to get off campus for a bit  joyful 
en oino aletheia!!!!!! (greek for in wine there is truth) campus wide party!!!!!!!!! let the festivies begin      ;}
congratulations to the people of egypt!!!!
"gah   busy, busy day     finished my science paper, fixing to work on math, then reading for seminar tonight, and then after all of that i have about 5 charts of greek verb declensions to study for tomorrow's quiz      4 weeks till spring break-just sayin'"
nap time!!!!
i am seriously ready to take a wrench to this last wisdom tooth cutting through     ugh  annoyed 
i got an internship for the summer in new orleans!!!!!!!
finally finished setting up the new printer and computer   now to finish applying for my summer stipend  i still can't believe i'm going to be working in new orleans all summer in my internship!!!!!
about to turn in my application materials for the summer scholarship!
i'm seriously ready for spring break to get here!!! 2 1 2 more wks!!!!
homework    mass amount of homework  ready for spring break!!
missing massage right now     i need a body to work on lol
ok    i know this movie has been discovered my legions of others     but i just watched <propfirst> and <propfemale> for the first time and it is now officially my favorite comedy ever
fixing to go watch the tempest in the great hall     i love plays
god    how much can it snow at one place? you'd think it was december here with all the snow coming down
"just figured out which poem i'm going to recite for my language class    jabberwocky by <propfirst> <propfirst>! if you've never read it, you've missed out "
worst  day  ever  i'm seriously glad that there won't be any classes tomorrow   ugh  annoyed 
fixing to watch matilda    god that was such a good movie when i was a kid
"much, much better day     amazing what sleep can do"
so i got rid of the rant cause i feel like i made my point and i'm satisfied now     everyone ignore the part where i said i don't care about anyone anymore     i was just a lil perturbed at the moment lol love ya'll  love 
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along     4 words is harder than you think!!"
"not only is it exactly one wk till spring break, but its one week away till i find out if i won the summer scholarship      god i hope this week goes by fast lol"
off to bed    make up chemistry lab in the morning    then working on the chemistry paper for the rest of the wkend    handling acids = good times
my heart goes out to the family of <propfemale> edwards  i'm sure there are no words that can describe the loss they must feel 
snowing in <propfemale> fe     shocker lol
i am determined to make ancient greek my bitch
it is officially spring break!!!!!!! i'll be seeing everyone in nc soon 
just cooked my first home meal in two months     omg its amazing
heading to the tea room with my amykins!
watching sixteen candles and chilling with pizza and a beer    chill spring break=amazingness
"i love getting into the shower, only to look up and there be this huge spider glaring at me for intruding into its new home    ugh     i feel so violated lol"
checkin' outta here    see ya'll monday     
just skipped all through the grave yard of the episcopal church in tarboro     for some reason that never gets old  sssoooo many historic graves there 
one last trip to the tea room before i head back to new mexico    *sigh* i'm really ready for summer break lol
cookin' breakfast     then shopping!!!
this is it nc!!! i'll see ya'll in a couple of weeks
nap time
heading back to nc for the rest of the week      my grandmother isn't doing too well  sad 
"update for those who know my grandmother: she's resting a lot today  but she hasn't talked  however, she seems to be comfortable, which is the most important thing  i  love  you granny!"
cooking and blues music     pretty good considering everything else that's going on in the world lol
"for those who know my grandmother: this morning, at 7 smile 0 am, my grandmother passed peacefully in her sleep  i believe it was all on her terms and that she was ready and painfree  that's all any of us can ask for our loved ones and ourselves  i  love  you granny!!!"
"wake tonight, then funeral tomorrow     scampering back down to <propfemale> <propfemale> wednesday       whirlwinds  annoyed "
beautiful wake for my grandmother    flowers were gorgeous and she's gonna be buried in her dancing shoes    i  love  you granny!!!
about to leave to go to my uncle's house so that the family can arrive at the funeral together     i love  granny!
back to my regular schedule    and miracles of miracles its raining in <propfemale> <propfemale> exciting!  lol
why the hell is it sssooo f*cking cold!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
about to watch chucky: child's play  i've never seen the first movie so this is exciting
all my ppl in nc stay safe!!
paper writing    good times
nap time!!!
"aaahhh!!!! i've lost my phone    johnnies if you see a pink phone with a keyboard flip floating around campus, its probably mine"
nevermind    the phone has been found
"know \the true nature of you beloved \in his loving eye your every thought,\word and movement is always-\always beautiful\                  -hafiz"
doing two day worth of greek homework 9 hours before class     procrastination at its best
god what i wouldn't give for some cheez its lol
god there's nothing like a hot shower and <propfemale> oil afterwards    so relaxing to feel so clean
just one class left today and then i can bundle up in my down comforter and get out of this snow!!
reading and staying out of the cold     god where's summer at!
about to watch spirited away!
naptime!!!
i really should do some greek translations    or i could just go bed and do it early in the a m    hhhhmmmm decisions decisions   god my bed looks really good right now lol
senior prank!!!! let the campus wide drunkenness begin!!!!
you know what's amazing    postcards  i love them and now have enough to make a collage for my wall when i get home!
"politics and parlour tricks, they're all the same-southern gothic revival"
just finished watching tombstone    i can never get enough of doc holliday!
god    what is it about a hot shower that makes life worth living?
