d72e431e3c76ab562eefdc6daf2e010f
i walk i walk i walk i walk i walk i walk   
"one year left, everyone! live it up  (jk)"
i'm going to make my first status of the new year something memorable 
"if you read this, please post a comment with a completely made up and fictional memory of you and i  it can be anything you want - good or bad - but it has to be fake  when you're finished, post this little paragraph on your profile and see what your friends come up with "
is loving shelski's new pic  shelski 'belarus' bryanova
suddenly wants to be a nonsense writer like <propfirst> <propfirst>
"wishes all a happy easter, the one day that a furry breaks in to give your children <propfemale>  all the other days they have to stay in their vans "
just set up his myspace 
becoming nocturnal   sleep is ruining my life!
 
"feels that after a long, dull, silent day, anyone could use a good hug  this is why i would like to nominate monday for hug a gay day  who's in?"
"found my old mp3 player, holding all my lost favorite songs!"
"the school gave my flash drive to <propmale> today, i'll hunt him down tomorrow "
<propmale> claims not to know what i'm talking about  i wonder if a few hundred jolts could remind him   
"had the wrong <propmale> the whole time, i apologize "
"is digging shelski's new pic, yo "
just found pants i could have cut to swim in   
met the most cuddly ickle kittykins today 
should probably change his status more often 
is going to be very angry if it rains tomorrow  you hear that sky!? i will maul you if i feel even a drop!
"i will not stand for this! this is rediculous! this is unacceptable! also, i don't have a ladder tall enough to reach the sky   "
"ah, and also, happy birthday, kota "
"would like everyone's phone <propfirst>, comment or send me a message please "
's mom doesn't undertand why he went outside while it was raining 
never again will such a war of krout and kangaroos be televised  don't miss today 
"has cabin fever  please, won't someone in the plains come by tomorrow and give me an excuse to go out?"
"first\ person to inbox me saying \you're mine \"" owns me -but only for a \",d72e431e3c76ab562eefdc6daf2e010f,ish now shelski's by fb rules 
"might be able to go out today  yay, i might soon be able to be considered free range "
walked around inside a closed ridges building today  saw a gym with a destroyed piano in the middle  it sounded like it was still tuned 
can't think of a status to top his last one 
"omg, it's a bomb!     anyone wanna play hot potato?  laugh "
finally got his registration through at fa 
i will soon be in possession of a small number of kittens but i can not keep them! does anyone have extra <propfemale> space? i'll be giving them away in a bit more than two months 
"i just slept for twelve hours today  six hours later, i'm yawning  my life is so boring "
i just took the ink cartrage out of a pen and stuck it in a goose feather!
ain't got no pancake mix 
"just got a message from <propmale> speight, an angry lad i havn't seen since elementary school "
"told his mom he'd use his \fox-fu\"" on her  she just laughed  annoyed """
"is going to the athens fireworks show, anyone else?"
"omg, i forgot about the pool and stayed up so late   han't gone to bed yet  good thing my horrible water anxiety will keep me wakefull "
"i was playing a game and they were like, \name this moth and it will be your pet \"" so i named it sephermoth!"""
"i just heard that women in <propfirst> kong can legally kill cheating husbands, as long as they do so with their bare hands  i also heard that women can't vote in ohio "
just got a rather odd family request   
i saw my sister's <propfirst> bieber poster out of the corner of my eye and screamed 
"your world's about to be destroyed, no point getting all annoyed   "
"rrrrrraaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiinn!!!!! prepair to feel my foxy wrath! for i know where my towl is, and i shall smite you with it!"
"i have the weekend free! i really wanna go out with friends, even if it's just to their house or somewhere in the plains "
"my fear of <propfirst> bieber was not misplaced, i just saw him out there  he had a crude hatchet and   and   he's knocking on the door now, i don't know how long igkdjiruws witness "
i found my cloak!
"~\ poke me if you've ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think\ i'm pretty  put a smile if we are friends  put a sad face if you think \i'm a bad person  put a heart if you love me and always will  now let's \see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status"
has three new kittens!
's sister discovered two other kittehs   the count is now five 
happy <propfirst> mays caps lock day!!!
silly <propmale> county   you and your funnel clouds 
craves a stupidfox plush!
still looking for homes for five kittens 
the kittens have opened their eyes!
is trying to learn how to make artix-level games on flash professional cs5    probably gonna take a while 
"will be at the fair wednesday, who will join me?"
"k, i'll be at the fair tomorrow  i'll be at the lions club hotdog thing from 10:45 to 11 surprise 0 am  i'll be at the same place from 3 surprise 0 to 3:15 pm  i hope i see some of you guys there "
had a great time at the fair despite the rain   got some sunburn though  sad 
thinks he saw a kitten eating solid food!
would anyone burn a cd for me pwees?
"been sick, see you guys tomorrow "
got grounded off the internet for a night for being out with one of my best friends  totally worth it 
getting repo! on my player ^^
cannot get repo! formatted to work properly on my sony walkman 
i live!!!!!!!
"is feeling blegh, but <propmale> so than yesterday "
found one of my shingles on a road two streets away ^^
just saw most of wall-e  it was so cute! ^ ^
mom lost the care keys   we were gonna buy my cell candies tomorrow 
key found   now sculpting with fruit roll-up 
"never ever ever put <propfemale> in gelatin! it does not work  hard candies melt and make puddles of scary pink liquid while fruit roll-ups become hard yet mushy at the same time  however, those <propfemale> orange slices seem to be okay  but nothing else! it was all brown and it bled pink  i even let the gelatin get cold and stiffen up a bit before adding the stuff  it just doesn't work  it will be in my nightmares untill i die "
"been sick today, just some congestion  it's a shame i missed the donut jump though "
"took his cancer box, removed the speakers, and taped them into a self-standing structure "
"i've woken in a strange place after being taken yesterday, 6th period  i hope to be released soon, though i still know little of my situation "
computer is being argh  i can't get e playful lorer to start 
"maybe i should be on the lookout for a \varta\"" lisic"""
i still need to decide on a costume on $25 
i think i'll be a na'vi 
has his costume 
feeling super great  as far as most of you know ^^
hates those quizzes that make results super obvious 
i'm going to the first u s  showing of <propmale> potter  take that west coast!
i just played a game of elements in which both my opponent and i ended the game with full life  i also had a monster with a power of thirty-four 
epic new developments in 2kinds! i hope <propfirst> kicks his ass to the full extent of his authority  
omg the muppet christmas <propfirst> is on!!!
i'm gonna start really working on my drawing skills again 
who else is psyched for school tomorrow!?
can't has a date to the dance ):
"it can't rain forever, can it? u u"
changes his pic for the weekend 
"i just changed my facebook language from \english(us)\"" to \""english(pirate)\""!!!!"""
"played halo, and an xbox for that matter, for the first time today "
procyon vatra- a creature that seems to always get more than it deserves through luck or mischief 
"i'm looking at you through the glass, don't know how much time has passed   hm hm hm hm hm hmm hm hm hmm hmm    "
"omg, it's snowing!"
"*sigh* another christmas morning, full of yelling and chaos   "
"and another holiday comes to a close, filled with yelling and chaos as the children are consumed by the greedy green-eyed monster  i had a bit of a nap, but as usual, today was as depressing as any other holiday  but i look forward to the future, where i predict much joy "
"ever had an angst cloud just randomly hit you in the face? i feel bad and angry right now, and looking back, i can see several people and events to blame  ugh   i'll feel better later "
"ah, sometimes some pocky from someone you love just fixes everything "
i feel so useless  annoyed 
 love 
"such a beautiful day today  it's a shame that the doctor who marathon has such worthy competition  but, whatever   outside wins  as soon as i'm done babysitting, at least "
missing someone so much v v
*sigh*
feeling so good 
"my video camera runs on aaa batteries  three of them  that's three times three a's, more than double the number of a's in a camera that runs on two aa batteries  i do admit it's inconvenient to need three backup batteries on hand instead of just two  but i will remedy that as soon as i can find a nintuple a battery "
"my computer died, it may be fixed soon though  i'm typing this from a puplic comp lab "
"free time is great, unless you have no one to spend it with  i'm missing all mah buddies v v"
"my computer still ish dead, and i am out of    idk   something that would be funny that would bring a computer back to life   i'm too tired to be funny right noa, get off my back, you vultures!"
caught up on my favorite webcomics   i think  cant catch up on  laugh (ray <propfirst> <propmale>) in a library though 
"yo yo yo, got a new computer, and it's not a pile of junk this time, we're talkin' quad-core, windows 7 y'all "
i finally read the end of concession  and i ish satisfied 
