2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c
everyone: i didn't send you a pokemon  i merely clicked the application and it somehow did it on its own 
"is pretty much moved out of her apartment  only her bed, dresser, fridge, kitchen stuff, bathroom stuff, and a week's worth of clothes left to go, because i'll only be here a week longer   laugh "
is home for summer! yay!
is sunburned on her right arm    and only her right arm   annoyed 
"is almost done unpacking  oh, the joys of moving   "
went to the angels game she won tickets for  angels lost 1 to 11  horrible 
is completely moved out of the apartment now!
did you hear about the man who named his horse radish? haha yum     radishes  laugh 
shot a bb rifle today  i'm a pretty good shot too  ;p
is looking at her prospective class schedule for fall  only needing to take 12 units this coming semester is looking mighty easy  plenty of free time for me to bug my future roommate  ;p
just remembered that she has to take cd 410 in the fall  maybe not so much free time? ugh  f that class  why do i need to know that for my concentration anyway?? > sad 
how do fridges get so gross? *scrub scrub scrub*  annoyed 
finally found the invisible splinter that's been in my hand since yesterday    but it's so <propfemale> and embedded that i can't get it out   sad  somebody help me 
"didn't think she liked frozen yogurt until she met joghurt  it pwns pinkberry, fer sure "
gets to pick her classes for fall in three days!
has been having a horrible time sleeping lately   annoyed 
is looking forward to this week   laugh 
"got paid today!  laugh  now to pay back my dad, pay a parking ticket, and set aside some gas money for september   "
"is home again home again, jiggity jig "
is going to take some melatonin tonight in hopes that it will help her sleep better 
"one man was hatless, his hair sticking up on one side as if he had just risen from bed and not even run his fingers across his head "
finished making her wings for this friday  laugh 
"is now addicted to playing sims, and she blames it on <propmale> for playing in front of her and making her really really really want to play sims as soon as she got home  lol"
is an astronaut 
"is going out to dinner tonight, but is starving right now! i keep eating     need to stop "
dyed her hair   laugh 
"is making double chocolate brownie cookies, and as soon as her mom buys whipping cream and chocolate chips       truffle-topped brownie bites  mmmmm!"
is going to get all clean   smile 
is doing demonstrations 
has eaten too much food     full tummy       annoyed 
ugh  sleep 
doesn't get sushi tonight   sad 
is going to her grandmother's funeral today 
is home 
hates waking up hot! > sad 
"ate 2 eggs, a bunch of hashbrowns, 3 pancakes, and half an english muffin for breakfast this morning, and is finally no longer full "
is going out in the heat to lay by the pool  wish me luck! haha
is now slightly tanned and eating an ice cream cone 
wants a teriyaki (veggie) burger 
is going to eat some cap'n crunch!
wants something to do today     anything? anyone?
is a brownie-making machine 
ugh  incredibly bored 
what  why didn't burn notice record??? > sad 
"here comes a candle to light you to bed, here comes a chopper to chop off your head "
is going to go see a movie today   laugh 
thinks happy love movies are more saddening than sad love movies 
never feels too good when she takes a nap right after eating 
"i lay out in the sun for two days, nothing  someone turns the a c off while i'm sleeping    then my heat allergy acts up  my poor arms   sad "
is all dressed up with no where to go    and about to make pancakes for herself 
left arm is aching   annoyed 
is going to bed  and my arm is aching again   annoyed 
just woke up from what was supposed to be a nap     now what? haha
wants to be your friend because she thinks your face is funny 
wonders what time she should go to bed   
is now eating dinner      at 3 in the morning 
time to try to sleep again 
forget fml com  mylifeisaverage com ftw! bahaha
rawr at csun  rawr! > sad 
is icing her arm to death  brrrrr    
"wtf is wrong with leeza's roommate? seriously      wtf? <propmale> mental problems, i swear "
pool today
"just cut a hole in her bathing suit     wat  also, wants to see 500 days of summer "
has a sore throat     is it from the chlorine from the pool or the fumes from the fire?
my face feels so dried out from the pool  ugh 
wants to go to a lake or something        something nature-y  haha
is eating hot cheetos puffs 
is talking to miss leeza 
is it possible for your calves to hurt from sitting too much? man     i feel like i've been exercising 
is trying to complete a 2000 piece puzzle in 10 minutes 
really likes cornflowers 
legs still hurt     annoyed  need to stretch 
"oh, 2000 piece puzzle     how complicated you are "
is watching jurassic park iii 
just made $25 25 in a garage sale   smile 
"found the <propmale> horror picture show on tv, and now wants to go to a show again  who wants to come with?"
needs a nap 
is still in need of a nap 
is tempted to go to bed right now 
my phone is dead and i won't be able to charge it till wednesday late afternoon  stupid lack of signal killing my phone   
just realized that today is her half-birthday!
got attacked by a spider bug while she was sleeping  two bug bites   sad 
is hearing good things about district 9  i want to see it 
wants some taco <propfemale> 
just watched watchmen     finally 
"just killed a spider   annoyed  i hope it was the one that bit me! take that, spider!"
is eating (drinking?) a rootbeer float 
is moving back to northridge tonight!  surprise 
is finally moved into her dorm     well the essential stuff  i still need everything else from my house 
"discovered that babbit is not fat, and that he is actually a she "
"is alone now because leeza left her for the weekend  luckily, my new roommates move in tomorrow   smile "
is waiting 
"i gave babbit a piece of cardboard, and he's going crazy!  surprise "
where are my roommates????
"today, both maintenance and cleaning came by to make sure there were no repair problems and that we were satisfied with the cleaning     i swear they never did that in the deaf dorms!  annoyed "
just found and killed two ginormous bugs while trying to take some boxes out to the trash     and is now scared to touch the boxes at all!
is beginning to think her roommates don't exist 
loves her roommates   love 
is enjoying this semester so far   smile  lol one day down     how many to go??
just walked half an hour to and from class    so hot! grapes and water are the most delicious things in the world right now 
wants a giant cookie cake right now      mmmmmm      all to myself      lol
thinks she'll walk to class early and enjoy the outdoors for a while 
just burned her finger on a very hot piece of cheese  *criez*
doesn't feel well   sad 
it seems i may have the whole dorm to myself this weekend    *sigh*
has food in her fridge now   smile 
cable died     boo  i wanted to watch world's most amazing videos   sad 
has a sore throat   sad 
my mouth itches! and leeza says i have mouse std's    
black eyeliner makes me sleepy 
"i was flipping the channels when i came across a la city council meeting that was being broadcasted  sitting in the background, was a person in full kkk get-up  i find this both scary and confusing   "
is watching conan 
wat! it's past my bedtime!
why am i so allergic??
had a dream about occlumency last night  haha
my cat just caught a bug  yeah! go <propfirst>!
can't sleep when criminal minds re-runs keep playing on right after another!
wants to go to a sonic drive-in 
is going to bed after this show is over! i swear!
"just realized she was holding her breath    breathe, <propfemale>  breathe "
does anybody know how to bartend or know someone that knows how? let me know 
"is teething,"
has sudden tummy pain   sad 
nappppppppp
is going to a comic book themed campus event tonight  woo!
i thought a person ran into my bedroom window    or maybe a bird    but it was a sonic boom  haha
met my neighbors and some other new friends last night  yay  smile 
why do cheesy things taste so good with tomato soup?
can't sleep lately   sad 
made her roommate cry  lol
is in the asl lab    lah <propfirst> dah
is getting pizza tonight  nom
 love 
who wants to go to a party with meeeeeee?
"i don't really know how a jaffa cake tastes, but i kinda want to eat one "
has a headache behind her eyeballs 
"wants to go to knotts scary farm this year     or disneyland, because i've never been there for halloween "
now wants to build a fort 
needs some riboflavin 
ran through some sprinklers on campus yesterday   smile 
"has now been called a \bad ass\"" two times in her life  i'm starting to believe it  rawr"""
"oh, beautiful delicious water    "
my green tea died  sad   sad 
had an amazing weekend   love  and no work tomorrow! yeah!
my roommate is watching a video online of a man being tortured killed   annoyed 
"look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities, forget about your worries and your strife!"
"thank you, yom kippur, for giving me an extra day of rest  back to work tomorrow "
has a stampede of baby elephants!
actually wrote an outline before writing a paper  i don't know why i never do that  easiest paper ever 
let me rephrase: actually wrote an outline before writing a paper for the first time since high school (haha)  i don't know why i never do that  easiest paper ever 
just sold 12 elephants 
is drinking white tea 
wants some dunk-a-roos and apple juice 
"is inventing things in the kitchen, and it's delicious!"
circus peanuts! yeah!
does strange things when she's alone 
is really really cold  what is going on??
remembers now why she rarely drinks soda 
soooooo sleepy today   
"and why facebook is putting that weird \39\"" things in my status post   ? who knows that either   """
"did amazingly good on her test today! yeahyeah! but, really, it's no surprise     playful "
does anybody want to buy 2 tickets for toystory 1 & 2 in 3d for this friday at 10pm at the theater in chino hills? the person i was going to go with isn't able to go anymore   
does anybody want to buy 2 tickets for toystory 1 & 2 in 3d for this friday at 10pm at the theater in chino hills? the person i was going to go with isn't able to go anymore   
"thinks she might have to become a scalper on friday night  toy story tickets, anyone?"
finally sold the toy story tickets   smile 
sleepiness is getting the better of me 
"i stay at the dorms, i'm home alone all day  i go home for the weekend, i'm still home alone all day!"
"goodnight, <propfemale> "
"wishes she could sleep right now, but has to go take a test in half an hour     sad "
"i asked leeza what she would do if we were walking back from class together monday night and suddenly zombies started chasing us, and she said she would push me toward them!    sad"
is eating ice cream on a cold day 
just made chocolate chip pancakes for dinner 
bedtime!
wants the new samsung dualview camera 
loves waking up early on a saturday to take a test   sarcasm
is stuck 
and in a funk 
it's the dementors 
can't find anything i want to wear   
saddest law and order svu episode i've ever seen   
doesn't think the new facebook is really that different 
i wish i had a heating pad for my tummy   sad 
has yet another bladder infection  *criez*
just told her roommate how to make a handmade whip  *wwwpch!* (whip noise)
is going to go watch hocus pocus and eat terrifying treats 
rip <propfirst>  so sad   
really doesn't want to write an essay right now 
just decided on the class schedule she wants for next semester   smile 
lip hurts  *pout*
is eating cap'n crunch out of the box 
"today i saw a guy on campus walking around in what appeared to be a halloween costume  when he turned around, i discovered he was dressed as v from \v for vendetta \"" i then realized that today is the fifth of november  haha"""
is looking forward to early thanksgiving  smile 
did not want to eat a sandwich 
"recieved an email from the \the msn yahoo lottery incorporation\"" saying i won a bunch of money     so i looked it up  totally a scam """
"making sugar cookies in the shapes of <propmale>, <propfirst>, droopy, and quacker "
"just discovered that you're more likely to get attacked by a cow than a shark  i told you not to antagonize that cow in ireland, seamus! you could have been attacked!"
just cleaned the bathroom  squeaky clean   joyful 
 sad 
"if you don't want other people to have your information, check whitepages com and make sure you're not listed  it could be listing your address, phone number, cities you've lived in in the past, and possible relatives!"
i have a headache behind my right eye  annoyed 
boring saturday
i have a cut on my lip    orange juice hurts 
i wish i had a coloring book
bought some pocky  nomnomnom
"the tv version of liar liar is funny  \i kissed her brains out!\"" lol"""
vacuumed!
"on boring days i wish to be more active, and on busy days i yearn for relaxation  can't there be a happy medium?"
avocado on toast for breakfest
had a wonderful weekend with <propmale> and my family  smile 
why is my usa channel not working??  sad 
"ever since that trader <propfirst>'s commercial, i wants some warm spiced apple cider  mmmm   "
"it's 12 smile 7     time to get dressed? yes, i think so "
my dinner tonight? a tuna sandwich  thanksgiving dinner postponed till saturday 
mmmmm bagel bites
"i'm training my brother's dog  take that, scrappy!"
wants the next cat she owns to be orange 
just spent the last 4 hours studying for a single test  i think that is the most i've ever studied for something in my life!
the <propmale> horror picture show isn't as fun when your stomach hurts so badly you can hardly do the time warp   sad 
"loves mashed sweet peas so much, she licks the bowl clean "
there's a light over at the frankenstein place!
really wants some ice cream  any voluteers to bring me some?  laugh 
"leeza is collapsed sleeping on her bed sideways, one leg on the bed, one leg off   "
it doesn't feel like the weekend     annoyed 
hates phones 
just watched the strangers alone     quite possibly a bad idea 
doesn't feel like doing anything today 
needs to do the rest of her christmas shopping 
"only has two finals: one tonight from 8pm-10pm, and one tomorrow from 3pm-5pm "
wants to jump on a trampoline in a fancy dress  hahaha
today feels like it was two days long 
why is salmon dip so delicious? mmmmmm    
is going to eat a yummy piece of fudge 
my tummy is hungry but my eyes want to be closed  if only i could sleep-eat   
my computer is so slow i type messages and the person i'm talking to has time to sign off before they're ever sent! stupid facebook  stupid chat  stupid computer  > indecision 
going to bed! i get to open christmas presents in the morning    do you?  playful 
"for the first time ever, i had a dream that i died  i got shot in the head   sad  then i turned into a ghost and the kids and some of the teachers at work could see me, so i just decided to stay there forever and work for free as a ghost, and i was very sad "
if one of my professors did not post my grade by the deadline     then what?
the bananas smell like cucumbers     strange 
really needs to stop eating these pumpkin seeds  too much salt!
    okay one more 
"hasn't been eating very well today: breakfast- grilled cheese, lunch - french fries and fried zucchini, dinner - corn muffin and white cheddar cheetos puffs  annoyed "
"also, these cheetos puffs aren't very puffy  dissapointing "
popcorn for dinner   
watching a law and order: svu episode with a deaf character in it    of course it's marlee 
my mouth is numb   sad 
got a new dress today   laugh 
is watching black beauty   smile 
doesn't understand how posting your bra color will raise awareness for breast cancer    *shrugs*
thinks every girl that posted their bra color should now do a self-exam to check for lumps  <--- now that's spreading awareness
wishes ihop gave away free pancakes all day on national pancake day so that i could get some  too bad i work in the morning     annoyed 
my computer's clock is 34 minutes behind the actual time    i don't understand 
my birthday is exactly one month from today   smile 
"quote of the day - leeza (after setting up the <propfemale> stone she just purchased): \i just payed a million dollars for homework   \"""""
is learning korean 
salmon with mashed potatoes and green beans for dinner  mmmmmm   
"although i do enjoy reading the fml website, i really hate the overuse of the phrase \fml\"" in everyday conversation and fb status updates """
made some delicious shrimp fried rice  mmmmm
"i'm so bored, and i just got dressed, and i want to do something, but i have nothing to do   sad "
i swear my only company all day must have been a dementor 
another boring day   
really really really wants to go to disneyland   
i've been alone for two days now     going stir crazy   annoyed 
who's going to use their perfect brownie maker?? <propfemale>'s going to use her perfect brownie maker!!
the dorm oven burnt my brownies  saddest sad ever   sad 
won't be surprised if she ends up spending her birthday alone just like she was all this weekend 
just did something in 30 minutes on my friends computer that would have taken me hours on my own computer 
i've decided my favorite animals are rabbits and octopus 
i want a smoothie     with bananas in it!
just made my computer's start up time a lot faster than it was before! yeah!
now i made my internet faster
i wish i were a ballerina 
should remember to measure out everything next time she bakes cooks anything 
"oh yeah     i took the cbest today, in case that's important to anybody "
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your significant other  and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile! well that's easy    it already is! but i'm not exactly sure i could tell you how long we've been together  it gets kind of confusing "
not feeling well today   sad 
the textbook i rented from chegg com came with a beanie and a pen! haha
"if it's not my stomach, it's my head  ughhhhhhh"
tummy still hurts for the 3rd day straight    ow ow ow! stupid intestines 
so excited for this weekend!  laugh 
my birthday is tomorrow! yay!
why can't my hair just stay the way it looks (right after i brush it) all day long?
tummy    rawrawrawr
the perfect brownie maker is not perfect! *anger*
picked a topic for her research paper video! yeah yeah!
"dear farmville, you're adding too many new things at the same time, and i don't like it!"
why is everybody going to disneyland except for me?  sad 
i am happy 
"in case you're curious, i passed the cbest "
i didn't sleep well last night   sad 
i won a $50 giftcard to the csun bookstore! woo!  laugh 
babbit ate my bed   sad 
i have no idea what movie i am watching right now 
i woke up to sun shining through my window and the sound of rain  it was <propfemale> and raining! haha
i just made french toast with blueberry syrup and bananas  mmmmmmmmmmm
"guess i'll be stuck here alone all night doing hw, instead of listening to live music and eating ramen  i hate this weekend "
watching independence day 
i  am  bored  rawr  rawr  rawr 
anybody have duct tape so i can tape my laptop back together? i think that might work    lol
i like this lightspeed champion guy
wants a teacup pig 
"i couldn't fall asleep last night, then when i did my dreams woke me up, and then babbit woke me up, and then a man calling leeza twice at 4 in the morning asking to buy her panties woke me up      bad night of sleep!"
discovering i have the ingredients to make a creamy pesto sauce = delicious pasta
once again i have no idea what movie i'm watching   
sore throat     what happened??
"what am i watching now? oh, blood <propfemale>"
my brother got accepted to marymount college  yay seamus!
i hate that i want to bake but i'm too scared to do so because my oven sucks and burns everything    
having a sore throat has led me to discover that i can push my trachea (at least i think that's what i'm pushing about) and it sounds     crunchy  ugh  grosses me out 
"if i end this semester with 3 as and 2 bs (or better), i think i will graduate with honors "
"daylight savings time       ahh man, i just lost an hour!"
field trip today! yeah!
walking field trip + walking to campus + walking to campus again = so much exercise!
"i want to watch the looney tunes episode \streamlined <propfemale> green\"""""
legs are definitely sore from so much walking yesterday
tv doesn't work yet again  i've decided i hate directv   
i'm going to universal studios for free tomorrow!
i need goggles to clean the bathroom     the fumes from the cleaner are hurting my eyes!
 surprise  i found my glove i thought i lost!
there was a wasp in my dorm! so scary   
the floor cut my foot  sad 
i miss my windowseat   
"i'm at home in ontario for a week, let me know if you want to <propfemale> out or if something fun is going on  smile "
i really enjoyed how to train your dragon  smile 
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me yumnori
<propmale> crab legs for easter
day 2 of looking at apartments will commence in about 1 hour 
i wrote 6 pages of my capstone paper today  time for a break   
i think i'm maybe done with editing my capstone video     i'm nervous about deciding whether i'm done or not   annoyed  i hope i'm not forgetting something!
now i'm done with my group's deaf history video! yay
i accidentally went hulk on my ice cream cone     how does that even happen?? i swear i barely touched it!
my friend needs to interview (this week) a mental health professional currently working in any clinical setting about their diagnostic procedures and their opinions of the dsm-iv-tr  anyone know someone who has the time and is receptive to an interview?
1 hour and 23 minutes till i can go home 
five people i know have a birthday tomorrow     jeez man 
omg    3 more days till the anniversary of voldemorte's defeat!
anyone want to buy 2 tickets to disneyland from me?
leeza is not going to win because she hasn't worked out in forever!
where's my boyfriend?
i have a headache    <propmale> sad
"babbit apparently had a <propmale> thirsty all last night, much to my annoyance  most interrupted sleep ever   "
my phone is dead 
i love pomplamoose 
3 hour nap today  smile 
nap was not kind to me today  just woke up with a headache   sad 
ramen cured my headache
i graduate today   laugh 
omg  homeward bound makes me so happy   laugh 
why do i still only have 1 grade in?? isn't today the last day to turn in grades   ?
3 grades in    2 to go 
"why is it that i can be doing nothing for hours and no one will call me, but the minute i decide to take a nap four people call me??  annoyed "
i want a sugar cookie  a soft sugar cookie 
my scalp feels sunburned  what happen?
i passed all three subtests of the cset in one go! woo!
not a very happy morning   annoyed 
"why not? i have nothing to do tonight    if\you like this status, i will post on your wall something i like about\you  make this as your status if you want a challenge   smile "
i could really use a frozen treat of some sort right now 
i decided to try out menchies frozen yogurt  preeeeetty good  i got two flavors -- mango and peach -- and i topped it off with some blueberries and little pieces of mochi  the mochi was my favorite   love 
i hurt my right big toe     <propfemale>?  sad 
how come the only questions anyone asks me on formspring are horrible questions that i don't want to answer?  annoyed 
where should i go to eat dinner right now?
"i have some kind of splinter in my thumb, and i'm not happy "
i'm coming home monday! yeah yeah yeah! *opening and closing drawers*  smile 
super not good day 
i want to eat the new cinniminions from ihop    mmmmmm
my diploma was mailed out yesterday!  laugh 
i just watched sherlock holmes for the second time and realized that sherlock and watson very much remind me of house and <propmale> 
phone is dead  charge charge charge 
i want a milkshake 
i'm trying to convince my brother to let me fold him up in the couch 
i love waffles with berries and whipped cream for breakfast  smile 
got approved for my apartment! yeah! get the keys on july 30!
woke up and can't fall back asleep  fail   annoyed 
i love thunder 
too much heat today    now i have a rash on my side   sad 
who wants to come lay by the pool with me?
the house is asleep 
pincurling my hair    for fun   smile 
i need a hobby that doesn't require very much learning for me to be able to do it   
"i am officially in the traditional education specialist preliminary\deaf and hard of hearing credential program at csun!"
i move into my new apartment this weekend  smile 
i've enrolled in some classes  smile 
almost all the way packed  mostly it's just clothes left 
i am excited   smile 
i have internet now!
finally got our couches! now it is a home
my fan keeps making high pitched squealing noises  what the heck 
how did it get so late so fast?
facebook can't seem to handle the amount of photos i've been uploading  it needs a break   
i am in desperate need of a new fan  i can't sleep with this squealing   
having our apartment sprayed for bugs apparently angered the spiders  miss leeza just killed 2!
"ugh i woke up super hot, and now i can't fall back asleep! also, my fan's motor is officially dead  it doesn't work at all   annoyed  perfect timing, fan   "
   now i want nachos
i do not like being emailed last minute > indecision 
i just swallowed a giant piece of apple without chewing it     ouch
i'm really starting to hate today
i just made an orange-nectarine-blueberry-banana smoothie  mmmmmmmmm
i made falafel for dinner! mmmmm delicious in pita bread with hummus and lettuce  nomnomnom
"i just saw easy a  i liked it  i hardly ever go see movies, so it was fun   smile "
that's some orange pee!
second grade lunch time is stressful   
living off a credit card is scary  can i have some income please? pay day is in 6 days    and then i'm broke again 
my cousin just had a baby! a new baby in the family  smile 
"\grammar is important  capitalization is the difference between helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse and helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse \"" hahaha"""
"50 year old man\missing  he has been missing since noon yesterday  he was last\seen wearing blue jeans and a blue shirt, he has no shoes but only\socks  he was last seen on <propfemale> and riverside (rialto)  he is a 50\year old white male, but has the mind of a 7 year old  please if you\have any information contact rialto pd  and if everyone can just please\pray for him that he returns safely to his family "
my apartment is amazing  my schedule is amazing  my health is amazing  my heart is amazing  my financial situation is amazing    my life is currently one big fat amazing! hahahaha optimist prime ftw!  playful 
"\my finger is itching     so much  this is insanity \"""""
i want            an ice cream cone 
where's the hot water?? b-b-b-b-brrrrrrrrrrr!
i want to be tagged in fun photos doing fun things     a very rare occurance lately   annoyed 
"help: if someone uses up all their paper towels, can you please give me the cardboard tube that is in the middle? i need it for my halloween costume, and i don't think i'll be able to use all my paper towels in time! darn costco paper towels   "
"just heard that verizon is going to be selling ipads, and might even be selling iphones   surprise  not that i can afford any of that    "
"also, on my way home, i saw a boba truck where the crepes truck usually is  granada hills seems to have some pretty bomb food trucks  i need to try them "
my phone is permanently dead   sad  *adds cellphone to christmas wish list*
phone works now!
"i like new friends, and i like new old friends  or is it old new friends?"
i want a good weekend
my halloween costume is now complete!
i haven't eat since yesterday afternoon  ummmmm      wat 
i am super super super excited for my halloween party!  laugh 
"outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend  inside of a dog it’s too dark to read "
do i have class tonight? it's been canceled 2 weeks in a row  i think i'm the only one not getting the email notifications    it would be nice to know in advance 
i think i might make a million pumpkin bread muffins tomorrow  that is my halloween 
i just made a dozen muffins! now making a loaf 
lonely night bleh
"i saw <propfemale> and the machine last night, especially liked one of the opening bands, grouplove "
i will be going to bed approx  20 <propfemale> after my bedtime  boo 
i just found out that oranges are a type of <propfirst>   
i want to be lizard-happy 
loved <propmale> potter! love love love  i think it was my favorite of all the movies thus far  glad they cut the book in half so they could include more    smile 
i feel so tired and blah  staying up till 4am does not work for me no matter how late i sleep in 
a pepper <propfirst> grilled cheese sandwich tastes pretty amazing at 3am 
i keep thinking that today is sunday      it isn't 
"breakfast burrito or egg sandwich       decisions, decisions "
i made some salsa  i had to force myself to stop eating it  so addicting  nomnomnom
where did the day go?
homework = done
"i've been vegetarian for 8 years, and i just found out that quinoa  contains the most complete protein source for vegetarians  i like quinoa! why didn't i know this before??"
black friday feels like the longest day ever
i am currently wearing my <propfemale> cat apron  i like to refer to it as my professor umbridge apron 
"the package says \coupons inside\""    where's my coupons??"""
do i bore you?
weather is cracking my lips  sad 
"i saw tangled at the el capitan today  it was fun, and the movie was really good too!"
"why is it still saturday?? oh, because i got up at 6 am   "
"bed or movie    ? um, movie "
lazy day          
i'm pretty sure it's the complete bum in me that hates having to do an extra click to share a status update   
christmas decorating!
yar yop yeck bleh bragh zsechewah  yep that's how i feel 
"my homework that i thought i had to do was already finished days ago! man, i'm good  haha"
online final finished! i am now completely done with this semester   smile 
"today was great, but now it's stupid "
i just applied to 5 places  anyone know of any places that are hiring? i'm in desperate need of 2nd job!
wait    are sunday and monday going to be as boring as right now is? home alone  annoyed 
my right arm feels like it got sucker punched  what happened?
i feel like i'm dying    hate  uti  hate 
i hate online job applications 
i got a compliment on my voice from a lady at church who sings well herself   laugh 
"place i've applied to so far: fresh and easy, target, apple, staples, <propmale>'s, regency theaters, baskin robbins, starbucks, and autozone    where else can i apply?"
i just realized that i should probably eat something     cookies are not dinner 
i will be going 'poo-less in a few days  we'll see how this goes   
i just did a phone interview with h&r block  *crosses fingers*
goodbye money 
i got a job as a receptionist at h&r block! yay!!
tonight is the night <propfemale> visits our house  sorry you guys all have to wait one more night 
sooooooooooooo sleepy  i slept horribly last night 
my parents are out partying while my brother and i are at home  i think something is wrong with this picture  haha
"i know what i'm wearing for new years, but i don't know what i'm doing for new years    "
"regular pizza, pizza bagels    never fails; i will always burn my mouth in a hurry to eat it straight out of the oven "
i just realized i can now put up my 2011 calendar!
"i'm going to go for a walk today  not for exercise, but because i look pretty today and it feels stupid for me to just sit at home looking pretty  lol maybe i'll walk to the grocery store "
today so far: walked to the grocery store  made delicious salsa with ingredients from grocery store  mmmmmm   
"oh, today   "
"today i met two guys who are tax pros at the h&r block office i'll be working at, and they seem to be the nicest out of anyone i've met, so that's exciting! oh by the way, if all you have to fill out for taxes is a 1040ez, h&r is doing them for free this year "
my toes are so cold!
vegetarian chili for dinner  nomnomnom
"my birthday is in a month  i don't know when i'm having a party, but i decided it will be a super hero party! super villians are invited as well "
my birthday is in exactly one month!!
"today my mom and i made veggie burgers from scratch  they were so good, i think i'll eat another one for dinner "
"my birthday is feb 13, so keep your eyes open for an invitation to my superhero birthday party sometime around then  i need to find out my work schedule first "
who wants to spend mlk jr day with me? i have nothing to do   
"yay! i found another website that has the bedding i want, since walmart no longer has it on their website  now to just be able to afford it   "
waffle for breakfast? i'm thinking yes   laugh 
i made chocolate chip cookies  nom 
i got hit in the face with a ball today  i think my ear is bruised   sad  darn 1st graders   
i look pretty right now  i was told that i look like i could be going out swing dancing tonight  too bad the only people to see were the people at kaiser and h&r block   
did i mention that i had a handsome guy flirting with me all evening? he was only 1 years old  haha
either my boyfriend's phone is broken or my boyfriend is broken    not sure which 
the only problem with (veggie) burgers is that they don't last long enough for me to truly enjoy them  out of the oven and into my mouth  gone 
"monday sick, tuesday boring, wednesday stupid    this week is great  what's tomorrow going to be?"
"plan for tomorrow: cut off all my hair, buy stuff from grocery store for my party while they're still having a super bowl sale, do homework, and hope that it's enough to keep me distracted from my thoughts "
i haven't had breakfast or lunch yet     i think i should eat something 
what can i do with a million potatoes besides mashed potatoes? nothing too time-consuming   
i think   maybe    my haircut makes me look older than i did before? i look my age maybe? *crosses fingers*
"today was boring, but restful, so that's good "
"someone desperately needs to buy me \the <propfemale> spyglass\"" by <propmale> pullman for my birthday  i just finished reading the 2nd book in his trilogy and it leaves you hanging! i need to know what happens next   """
i'm making simple decorations for my super hero party  they look so good 
i'm soooooooooooooooooooooo sleepy   
"for my birthday, i think i will take a nap "
how do you change your desktop background on windows 7??
i just watched a youtube video!! omg  love my new computer   love 
"my throat feels sick  sad  i blame <propfirst> mann, touching kids' pencils, getting all infected, and then getting me sick! haha"
my throat hurts  sad 
"i wanted to try wearing my glasses with my newly short hair, so i did  leeza says i look really smart, like a psychologist  lol"
"by the end of my shower, i'm standing in 2-3 inches of water  ummmm     maintenance?"
"\she just threw a fireball at her?\""\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,i just got my hair cut again  now it looks how i originally wanted it to look  and no duck tail!
i can't breathe!!!
roommate is quiet after i wake up    well that doesn't work 
"my abs, knees, and feet hurt "
i'm at my parents' house  birthday dinner tonight!
"plans for tomorrow: breakfast with leeza williford, <propfirst> mann, and manny e  santizo, then staying in bed the rest of the day, sleeping and reading  hopefully then i'll no longer be sick "
"so i just got home and my roommate's door is closed but the light is on, and the apartment is completely silent  i text her and asked what she is doing, but no response  so either she fell asleep with the light on     or she got kidnapped by someone who is very good at tricking me    "
bed day 
leeza's life and my life are way too connected for this to be normal
are my legs done hurting yet?
my hair      is so gross right now    
 sad 
i'm officially a 3 year old
i'm cold and sick and i don't want to go to campus!  annoyed 
my jazz music teacher said i asked a good question in class today!  laugh   laugh   laugh  *dance*
celebrating my birthday (again) tonight!  smile 
want  sleep  more 
my roommate is missing   
i keep making my sick prolong             ugh  need to get better 
cooking black beans and they turned my wooden spoon blue! how that happen!
i love old disney cartoons
i just discovered that you can't listen to any beatles songs on grooveshark     annoyed 
my mouth is on fire!
stupid 
i just might stop by ihop after work to get some free pancakes 
i feel    dead  maybe a banana will help 
i won a free party at howl at the <propfemale>  i'm beginning to think everybody wins 
"oh and the whole \time heals all wounds\"" thing feels like utter nonsense """
i  love  bedtime 
cars are stupid
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team for the zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you? billimarie robinson, <propfemale> zeller, dawson o'keefe, <propfirst> cortes, <propfemale> gross  ummmm    not sure how good our team would be  lord knows i'd probably be the first to die "
"i suddenly want some frozen yogurt (not of the pinkberry variety, bleh) "
deaf preschoolers are the cutest thing ever  awwwwwwwwww little signing hands   love 
"i just got back from seeing avenue q, and it was really good!"
"25 songs, 25 days\one song per day with an e playful lanation of why you picked it \\day 1 - a song from your childhood\\\hard to handle\"" - the black crowes\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
scat makes me happy
"day 2 - a song that reminds you of your most recent ex-girlfriend boyfriend\\\these foolish things\"" - <propfirst> holiday\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,           what should i do right now?
"i was not sick last weekend, and now i have a sore throat again  ugh "
"it doesn't make sense, it doesn't make sense, it doesn't make sense      and down the rabbit hole i go "
"day 3 - a song that reminds you of one both of your parents\\\pour some sugar on me\"" - def leppard\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,"how does facebook determine which friends are on the side of my profile? some make sense, and some don't "
"day 4 - a song that calms you\\\moving\"" - <propfemale> davey\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,"today, i was told that i am a \hottie \"" haha"""
there's a cheshire cat in the sky
"this morning, i woke up and was fiddling around for 20 minutes before i decided to get dressed  i opened my closet and suddenly remember that i had had a dream that i was wearing green  lots and lots of green  and no, it was not st  paddy's day in my dream  so i looked it up in my dream dictionary: \good fortune in love affairs \"" pffffffttt     """
i am officially a     flamingo! omg i love this feather thing on my head so much! *bobbles head around*
stupid hour cuts     this week i work friday  next week i work saturday  and the following week i work saturday as well  that's it!  sad 
i don't want any guy right now  please leave me alone 
ughhhhhhhhh my throaaaaaaat    
"i'm 2 days behind on this    oops\\day 5 - a song that is often stuck in your head\\lately it's been \no heart today\"" - <propfemale> davey\",2ebe43bd68e6eab8cd9fffdad156226c,it feels so much later than it actually is
why is seaweed so delicious??
i'm craving a giant chocolate chip cookie
i made egg drop soup for dinner and ate all of it! mmmmmm     now i have 50 minutes to kill 
<propfemale> smith is adorable
man    i'm beat   
"okay, i'm done doing leeza's homework  now what? haha"
raucous 
jazz midterm tonight!
1st one done with my jazz midterm! i am so good at taking tests -- a skill only beneficial so long as i'm in school 
pizza for st  <propfirst>'s day  mmmmmm    
tomorrow is friday! thank goodness 
this rice-a-roni i'm eating right now is very obviously healthy rice-a-roni
i don't understand 
"advice: if you're going to break up with a girl, please don't give her false hopes for the future or false hopes about your feelings  it's the worst thing ever "
making cookies
it's so easy to forget like 10 times in a row that the water for your apartment has been shut off   
i'm going to put something in your mouth!
how do you heal a damaged musical soul?
neeeeeeeed haircut
"i just made vegetarian sloppy <propfirst>s  i haven't had a sloppy <propfirst> since sometime before 9th grade  they taste nothing like how i imagined, but they are soooo delicious!"
i am bored
"i love and am grateful for my new computer, but i'm completely jealous that my roommate (who previously claimed to not like macs) just got a macbook pro "
good thing about frozen microwavable steam-in-pouch vegetables: i eat more vegetables  bad thing: i eat more vegetables because i eat the entire bag of 3 5 servings  haha
"the next time someone tells me they want to marry me, i don't think i'll believe them till there's a ring on my finger, and even then i'm not sure i'll fully believe them "
jazz all day
why aren't i in bed???  annoyed 
i am weaving a pouch!
i hate math lab 
"most flattering thing anyone has ever said to me: \i wish you were a boy \"""""
i want to paly baseball at the park by my house  i don't know if i can hit a ball that's thrown to me though     i might need to play t-ball 
my jazz professor said that i'm his friend   smile  haha
howl at the <propfemale> tomorrow! if you deleted my event from your events list     you're dumb 
need     popsicle    
calling all deaf studies majors and deaf people whom i am friends with: somebody needs to come sign with me asap  please and thank you  my signing skills are disintegrating 
i wanted to sleep in later than this   
i want to live in a cottage full of lilacs and laughter 
"luckily i have work tomorrow, because my roommate is abandoning me  but i only work till 1!!  annoyed  then what?"
home from work and i've decided what i'm going to do      nap 
"i'm pretty sure this is the 20th time the alarm in my apartment complex has gone off in the past hour  whoever is setting it off, please stop!"
need some attention     
i never knew until now what sound a fox makes  scared the bejesus out of babbit 
going to get my grub on at the food truck fest down the street!
i came home with intentions of turning on music and cleaning       well      music is on 
today is good 
i had a horrible time falling asleep last night   annoyed 
