352057ef81ab5a8c7f428bd35ab5b5c3
"thought i'd check in before checking out for the night, especially since i'm off tomorrow   not that i don't relish my monday work schedule, cause i do   but a break from the norm is a break just the same   and shakin things up a little bit never hurts!  "
"okay weird day, kept thinking it was wednesday   so i'm already ready for tomorrow - strange, huh?  must be time for sleep!"
getting ready to do the diner thing      
"oh yeah, i'm here, and it must be quiz night, again "
"okay quizzed out for the moment, but i'm off tomorrow, so we'll see!"
checking in - checking out   a few quizzes and i'm good to go!
"my mind is distraught   how can you have a child that is so totally unappreciative, ungrateful and so totally lacking in common decency?  really ready to give up!  not sure where to go from here!"
"yes, taking the next bus outta here cause i can   and just so everyone knows, i'm not getting my license back so that i can drive a teenager around for what?  not the cause, not the purpose   either she gets a grip on her life, or she takes it somewhere e"
peace out!
"okay, i checked in, passed out some drinks (while i was having my own - i like to share), and i'm checking out   no quizzes tonight   long day tomorrow "
"finally home, long day, business was good!"
"yeah, guess it was quiz night   just be glad i didn't sent notifications on all of them   love ya'll!"
peace out!
"checked in and i'm checkin out, off tomorrow, will be checking in on ya'll then!"
"my girlfriend just sent me a text:  if you hear a loud rumble and ruckus in the sky today, it's not thunder:  it's <propmale> whoopin <propfirst>'s ass for screwing his daughter!!!"
"checked in, did my damage, and i'm checking out, gotta open the diner in the am so that i can play pool, yay!"
"yeah, i'm here checking my stuff, off tomorrow, yay!  fireworks are cool, thanks <propfirst>   maybe it's quiz night?!"
"alrighty, quiz night is done, oh how i love the quiz!  like i said before, there's gotta be stats somewhere   happy fourth of july everyone!!!"
"no fireworks here, but we get to celebrate the 4th all month, don't we?"
got to stop this quiz thing before i get started again!  i really want to see the stats!  hope everyone is having a great holiday!
checked in and now i'm checking out before i get started on the quiz thing!
"checked in shortly, 36 hours at the diner since sunday morning and i'm feelin it now   off tomorrow, will check in then   peace out!"
"yes, here i am and i'm finding it really hard to stop the quiz thing, just got to know!"
"gotta open in the morning, so peace out!"
"checked in, checking out   no quizzes tonight, long day tomorrow!"
chillaxin is the order of the day!
"checked in, sent a hug and now i'm at the diner til further notice!"
"checked in, but gotta long shift tomorrow, peace out!"
"nice day off, <propfemale> i hope your birthday was special, i think the pin was a better idea than a helmet!"
"getting ready for long day, closing opening   but there's pool to look forward to!  sorry for the error with the iheart app, why don't we all pretend it's our birthday!"
"it's pool night  yay!  playing on local turf, just a bus ride away   peace out!"
will be at the diner til further notice   
"gets to sleep in, that must make it quiz night!"
"okay, had enough already   peace out "
"gotta go, peace out!"
"it's my day off and i have a cold   it's the type of cold that's easier to work with than be at home with   miserable, needless to say "
my mind is blank  that's all   just blank!
good one sis!  and yet i'm still dazed and confused!  so i'm off to the one place i think most clearly   at the diner til further notice   
"is looking forward to a day off tomorrow, i get to sleep in, yay!"
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!  yes i am celebrating, but i still refuse to open the mail from aarp!  getting ready to grab my cue and run   already got lei'd by <propfirst>, what else do i need?  my mini-me is strapped to the post at the diner so that i can't fall over, i'm good to go!"
"happy birthday <propfemale>   i'm still glad you're older and i still refuse to open the aarp mail!  got your card, thank-you, <propfirst> thinks you sound like mom (it's the accent)  enjoy your day!  love you!"
"just checking in, it's been a long day!"
"okay, i tried to answer everyone, sent a couple things, and did a couple quizzes (of course!)  long shift tomorrow, but it's sunday and that's my thing   peace out!"
"checked in, had computer problems last night, checking out - it's pool night, yay!"
"still up, going to bed, peace out    "
"once again, still up   good thing i'm off tomorrow today!  not caring to play in my own sandbox anymore, wanna play in someone else's sandbox   yet it seems to be so far away, and then again, maybe not   too conflicted to make it quiz night   slow but steady wins the race, right?!"
"my prayers are for avi <propmale> <propfemale>, who really needs them right now!"
"it's been a quiet day off, guess i needed that   my sandbox needs fresh sand and imma gonna get it!"
"finally has a date to get fresh sand, and yes i'm headed south!"
"happy 21st birthday <propfirst>!  didn't mean to miss it, just worked all day and haven't had a <propmale> til now to say it   hope you had a great day!  i love you my dear sweet nephew!"
"happy birthday <propfemale>!  yes, today is your birthday and when <propfirst> was born, you turned 21 on this day   how's that for an age thing?!  i love you, sis!"
<propfemale> is on my mind!
"hey, <propfemale> is still on my mind and will be, for a long time!"
"yeah, <propfemale> is a virtue, i got it!  ; )"
"okay, got through half my requests   you guys are way too busy for your own good!  it's all good!  peace out!"
"okay, on sunday i got thru half my requests, now there is 3 times as many   yall need to slow your roll!"
"it's late, i'm tired   i sent hearts   the best you're gonna get outta me now!"
no faith   no more    
new theory:  rejection is god's protection!
i'm hangin tight   cuz i can   and i want to   
"hey, where'd all the fortune cookies go?"
"fortune cookie of the day:  you find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability "
"fortune cookie of the day:  hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned   w b yeats"
"happy thanksgiving everyone!  i am thankful for my friends and family and their unconditional love   i am thankful for <propfirst> and <propfemale>, who's care and concern has always lifted me up   and i am thankful for my helmetwearers, who always 'got my back!'  seize the day!"
fortune cookie of the day:  your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime 
fortune cookie of the day:  little and often makes much 
fortune cookie of the day:  the joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days 
"fortune cookie of the day:  if you continually give, you will continually have "
"fortune cookie of the day:  the hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place "
fortune cookie of the day:  the first step to better times is to imagine them 
fortune cookie of the day:  excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
fortune cookie of the day:  ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own 
"fortune cookie of the day:  when you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you "
fortune cookie of the day:  it doesn't matter   who is without a flaw?
fortune cookie of the day:  it is much wiser to take advice than to give it 
fortune cookie of the day:  your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life 
fortune cookie of the day:  a thrilling time is in your immediate future 
fortune cookie of the day:  your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you 
fortune cookie of the day:  a firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life 
fortune cookie of the day:  look for new outlets for your own creative abilities 
fortune cookie of the day:  all your hard work will soon pay off 
fortune cookie of the day:  good luck is the result of good planning 
fortune cookie of the day:  do not mistake temptation for opportunity 
"paste ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i want for christmas is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)"
homeward bound in 4 hours    really glad it's nonstop!
we wish you a <propfemale>??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? christmas??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ? ? ?we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??   and a happy new year!??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??    (copy and paste~keep the wave going)
mr  wizard ~ frizzle frazzle frozzle frome ~ time for this one to come home!
it's official   dick <propmale> said so   happy new year everyone!!
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will participate"
i had lunch with a fireman in line at the bank because i'm awesome!
7 1 2 inches   sad 
"okay, it was quiz and pillow fight night   and now i'm done   good morning all!"
"love my mom ! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile  our mother gave up so much so that we could have  we didn't have alot, but we always knew we were loved  thanks mom! love you"
'hot and steamy'
"love my mom ! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile  our mother gave up so much so that we could have  we didn't have alot, but we always knew we were loved  thanks mom! love you        happy birthday, mom!!  love "
it's pet appreciation week    change your picture to your pet for the week!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments"
anywhere and everywhere   
"idk   this is really strange   but somehow, i think it is better   idk"
down syndrome is not a illness because people with down syndrome do not need medication to make them better  what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else  93% of my friends will not copy this   will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it on your status and leave it    for       at least one hour
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have him with you or he has passed on , copy & paste this as your status and write his name: <propfirst> - ? my dad!"
girl scouts'  thank u <propfirst> munch:  the perfect cookie!
gone fishing   yay!
happy birthday to my brother <propfirst>!  i love you!  have a wonderful birthday!   love 
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  special education week march 22nd to the 26th"
my day off   i'm chillin   
"this was posted by the biggest loser i've ever met   traci <propmale> just had a great night with my favorite man, got fired best thing that couldve happened to me, glenville <propfemale> is a shithole and the hostess is the biggest phony  piece of shit ive ever met next to two of the waitresses there  i hated that job  found my apt woo hoo march 7 at 6:58pm"
"wealth rise: i love you sweetest     wealth rise: a thing of beauty is a joy for ever:its lovliness increases; it will neverpass into nothingness; but still will keepa bower quiet for us, and a sleepfull of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing wealth rise: i love you more       my angel "
happy mother's day to all!!
gone fishing   yay!
"spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ??sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s??spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??? ¡?????? s? os?? ?nq spu???? s? no? ?uno? o?p??? ??uo ?ou ?? ? ?uo?s???p sno??suo? ? ?o ??ns?? ? s? ?s?? pu???? ??uo ??? no? ?o ?uo ???u?s ????? ???? uo??u???? ?u???d s? o?? ??s s,??l"
guess it was quiz night   i'm done for now   
i just wanna know how come i've got almost all my family here and my niece that deleted me is the only one to call me to let me know that my sister is in the hospital and not doing well   what is up with that?  are you guys there   or what??
how come it seems that even though family should be sacred   no matter what   it doesn't quite seem that way?
i'm very disappointed   in all my family   i am!
"okay, an update for my uninformed family   dawn is not doing well   her heartbeat is finally coming down from the 151 that it was at   her sugar still isn't good   the blood coming from the tube isn't coming from her lungs   or she'd be dead   they're still not sure where it's coming from   she's not coherent, but <propfemale> thinks she saw head movement   and yes, <propmale> is not there but <propfirst> is"
<propfemale> is still critical   she is holding her own at the moment   the bleeding has stopped and they're bringing her sugar down as gradual as possible   her ammonia and acid levels are still really high (like off the charts) and they're trying to understand why   she's not in a coma but comatose   there is body movement but no acknowledgement   my sister <propfemale> is there which can only help her   we're still praying!
<propfemale> convinced mom to break the rules so that she could talk to me   she was quite coherent and assured me that she's not giving up the fight   they let her have a little ice cream and her diet coke and then she ate some dinner   they've removed all restraints and with assistance is going to the bathroom   yay!  the power of prayer!  i love her and i love you all!  love 
talked to mom   they're looking for a bed downstairs to move her to   she's content to stay til they let her go   brenda fixed her hair for her and she looks much better   she's eating and taking herself to the bathroom   you can call her directly: 703-664-8602 and please do!  love 
gone fishing   yay!
just confirmed my flights and hotel   ready to go!
happy 4th everyone!!!
guess it was quiz night   
child is sleeping   (yay)   out to play some pool!
"only\a aunt cangive hugs like a mother,keep secrets like a sister and \love like a friend! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & \nephews,post this as your status!!!"
"i might not be the most beautiful or sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be a first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm just too good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i am    proud of who i am today! take me    as i am or    watch me as i walk away    post this as your status if you love being you!!"
gone fishing   yay!
gone fishing   yay!
good night my friends   hafta open in the morning   catcha tomorrow night!
"off to work, but after 2 1 2 hours of talk and understanding, i'll be 'gone fishing' later!  love "
"for my buddies   <propfirst> g  & <propfirst> s    i appreciate that ya'll like my 'gone fishing' status, but i hope ya'll realize that i don't fish!  it's just a status to let ya'll know that i'm out to get mine   which you can like   but seriously, i'm not really fishing!!"
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is full of crazies, they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  re-post if you have one true friend  they will know who they are   love "
gone fishing   yay!
"virus: spreading like wildfire on facebook! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list    adds her then you   get the virus too    please copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes com copy and paste to your wall "
i like it on the floor   
gone fishing   yay!
"u s  military members are  somewhere in the world missing their families  while you're safe at home  in the minute that it takes you to read this  soldiers, airmen, sailors & marines in the world are not only saving lives, but they're also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  repost if you are in the military, love a military member, are a veteran, or over all just appreciate our military!  love "
"gone fishing, yay!"
"okay, long yesterday, long today   gone fishing!"
"okay, i found a new home for us   it makes us both happy   it's alot more than i should be paying   but what's the price for sanity?  we're gonna go there!  and now, i'm going fishing!  as <propmale> seyboth would say, 'it's all good!'"
"accomplished all i had to today   now i'm 'gone fishing,'   yay!"
another long day done   back to my favorite 'fishing hole!'  yay!
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of u are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted u there! i am so gladto call you my friends and family  let's see who on my friends' listactually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  i'll be          watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank u for being part of my life!  love 
"happy thanksgiving to all   i'm thankful for my family and all my friends   and i'm thankful to be where i am  right now, cause i know it's where i'm supposed to be!  love "
change your profile picture to cartoon from your childhood    the goal? to notsee a humanface on facebook until monday the 6th of december and join the fight against child abuse! repost for your friends!
readcarefully!!!!the group asking everyone to change their profile to a favorite cartoon characters is actually a group of pedophiles doing it because kids will accept their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture it has nothing to do with supporting child violence it    was on a show that    warns you about internet frauds & tonights news pls pass this on to your friends
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are myfriends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for our freedom please post    love "
"people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to\get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my\friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is\still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status   absolutely    love "
"harford homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without the proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!!! yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first! 1% will re-post and the 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm the 1%, what u3 hours ago"
just realized that my son <propfirst> is turning 19 today   my bad   where do the years go?   still send wishes for a happy birthday   i love you <propfirst>!  love 
just realized that i've missed a lot of requests   hugs & smiles   i'm sorry!  i'll be sure to send you all something!
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't     life is too short to be anything but happy  re-post if you agree   love "
"never could resist a dare! :  i'm a bitch !!!  unfortunately most women won't repost this    i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is    i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best       if you're a bitch, repost!    i dare you!   "
happy 1-11-11   should be a powerful day!  love 
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone   "
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\~ if you have wonderful fb friends, put this on your wall \? i have many     thank you, for being you ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"i was asked to repost this, and i find no reason not too!  love   kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants- to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it "
"just spent a couple hours on the phone with my mom   god i love her!   she has a way of making everything so simple   so real   and it's all good!  still trying to convince her to get a computer but her answer was   i like the sound of your voice   so i told poppa to make her get a computer   he said, your mother does what she wants!  i love both of you!!   love  love  love "
"don't know why   just gotta do it!  copy & paste this to your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then still do this  it's important to spread the message  oh, and the hearts ? ? ? ? for crap's sake, don't forget the friggin' hearts! ? ? ? ?"
"a friend i be:  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour    love "
from <propfemale> to me to you:  ( o y o ) just figured out how to flash on face book! love it!!!
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too! thank you  smile    love "
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting or has fought for your freedom, please repost in their honor   love "
"i'm happy to say, that i've 'gone fishing' again   and i'm smiling    love "
gone fishing   oh yeah!
"¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?\women are born angels  and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly   on a broomstick  be warned  we are flexible like that  keep posting this girls!\?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*  love  love  love "
"<propfirst> sheen, 47, is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict and mental headcase  while <propmale> <propmale>, 25, <propmale> cuddeback, 21, <propfirst> wilfahrt, 31, <propfirst> tabada, 21, <propmale> hizon, 22, chauncy mays, 25, <propfirst> stark, 22, are all service members who gave their lives this week with little or no media mention  honor them by re-posting this status!"
yep   'gone fishing'     love 
"the one u just called fat, has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the one u just called stupid, has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly, spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped, is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullies!!!"
"happy birthday to my brother <propmale>!  there's one thing we can always be sure of, you'll always be older than me!  have a great birthday!  ily  love "
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you here  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale>    family    & friendship  thank you for being part of my life!  love  love 
"\tell me if this makes any sense  i'm still scratching my head at this one  homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits they were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  have the guts to re-post this  1% will re-post and 99% won't \"""""
yeah   gone fishing   woohoo!  wink 
"i copied this from my niece   love it    *i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker  i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit!*"
"*breaking news:    the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on, and crashed into we all have problems, before coming to a complete stop at get the heck over it  any complaints about how we operate, can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with dr  sniffle reporting live from quitchur bitchin'  if you like this, repost it  if you don't   suck it up <propfemale>!*"
"*keep this going       heavenly father, walk through my house, take away all my worries, any illnesses, please watch over, heal & comfort my family and my friends in jesus' name, amen  this prayer is so powerful  stop what your doing and set this to your status, and watch what he will do *"
gone fishing    love 
