519bf174372ee5e51f4c3ff7e164091a
religion is flawed because man is flawed
anyways      i hope everyone has a <propfemale> christmas!  smile 
"happy birthday, jesus!"
i want my slug slippers!!!!!!  sad 
no more midterms for a month!
this new facebook is really annoying!
i'm hooooooome!
mmmm see's candyyyyyyy
<propfirst> yu-naaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!! represent!!
fresh laundry!!!!!
why are science classes never cancelled like everyone else's????
o chem was actually cancelled today! yes!!!
the shit hath hitteth the fan   eth
is addicted to tetris!!
why???????????
"when god closes a door, he opens a window   where is the dang window!!!???"
is done!!!!
e playful eriencing life for the first time!!!!
oohhhhhh myyyyyyy godddddddddddddddddd!
i am not afraid no no no i am not dismayed for i'm walkin in faith and victory
dance class was so much fun!
no caves???  aw why must you do this to me?
mmmm strawberries     
awww children's march   good times  smile 
"congratulations, danniel for getting accepted to cal!!!!!!!!"
peaches and ninjas    i  love  you <propfirst>! =p
i don't want to walk this earth if a have to take my    final   ooo that's catchy
3 more days!!!
sleepovers + massive forts + best roomies ever = amazingness!!!!
mmmm truffles     
7 weeks      sad 
it's just one of those days   
feels like dancing!
ran half the reservoir with <propfemale>!
despicable me was so cute!
got sunburned!!!!! ow  troubled 
san jose     what can i say?
no more summer school!!
walked 10 <propmale> with <propfemale>!
those who are truly hideaous are the ones who make others feel like they are 
had fun ice skating!  smile 
i think my eyesight got worse   
a whole new world!!!  smile 
mmmm retail therapy    ^^
finally got gym membership!!
i liiiiiiike this game!
too excited to sleep!  smile 
danniel's back!!!!
lalalalala
it's nice being back     
going home tomorrow!
lord help me!
thanks for all the birthday wishes! i had a great day!
i love buying christmas presents for people!
passed genetics! wooooohoooo
<propfemale> christmas!
does anyone have despicable me???
let me not be blind with privilege   give me eyes to see the pain 
my two hardest finals are tomorrow back to back at night! yea    
is at high st studying    have had 3 cans of dr  pepper   life is so rough 
feels like i'm done but no    
i'm done!!!! holla!!!
been in school for less than half a day and i have midterm in less than two weeks     welcome back
must escape from botany!!
"sitting on my gluteus maximus with calcaneus on on the chair and forearm pronated     see, i can study and be on facebook at the same time"
no more all nighters!!! please!
lord give me strength to tackle these demons   
all nighter anyone???
all i hear is lalalalalalalalala
gooooooodbyeeeeeeeeeeeee facebook for a week!
i'm back! and i'm done! suckaaaaaaa!
urban plunge was awesome!!!!
so nice not having to use ethernet!
got called a <propfemale> today    that is a new one!
god is good! amen!!!
"warm weather, cold rain    need i say more?"
the birds are chirping    troubled  nothing had chaaaaaanged!!!
i found my keys!!
back in sc!!!!
slept in til noon    glorious
started insanity again today   took the fitness test    died
last wisdom tooth is finally growing in      troubled  gums are so swollen!
