9020aa0bc0bac923e1a15fb7568c918c
"new years was awesome, this is going to be a great year!"
"new day, new beginnings "
irony is a female dog 
is not girly enough to function with fake nails   
two days!  smile 
had a great night   smile 
"just made a farting noise with her eye   haha yeah i know, im awesome   playful "
"in canada, be back late on the 26th "
is home from canada  smile 
late nights on cars with friends   smile  life is good 
"whats your problem <propfirst>?, \i cant see my forehead!\"""""
is watching her boyfriend on tv   wink 
"work with <propmale> and <propmale>, should be a pretty good night   smile "
watching supernatural 
"is looking forward to movies, then a fun relaxing (drama free) night with friends   smile "
needs a nap
fireworks!!!
is strangely happily confused 
my stomach is making some scary sounds 
tired from day in greensburo    
"tired and annoyed from work, going to the fair with friends tonight though "
had a good night with good people 
is content with life 
protein bars make my stomach hurt  :[
"slept late, now cleaning the house then a nice dinner and fun night awaits me, i feel like cinderella   only she wouldn't be able to sleep in   and my moms not evil   playful "
i feel pretty  smile 
naked in death
"is wondering why she is getting emails from colleges beginning with, \dear whitney   \"""""
extremely tired
thinks dreams make me think too much 
bam bam giggidy goo wooo whoooo
why am i such an idiot?!?!?! gahhhhhh
is a nice little twiggy 
what prompted the twiggy? lol
photo shoot tomorrow   smile 
had an awesome day
about to sit in a room for a few hours to talk to a person that is going to give me some info that i could probably find out on my own if i was more computer savvy 
thinks some people need to drop bio at western for me   smile 
"f is for friends who do stuff together u is for you and me, n is for anywhere and anytime at all down here in the deep blue sea!"
"wow, time really does go by fast, and heal all wounds   smile "
last day of being 18 
had the best birthday <propfemale> party with my girls  dinner and such a great movie with some sexy ladies 
work then kabukis!
does not want to go to work  i feel like crap today  :[
feeling a lot better and going to bed soon to get up bright and early for a road trip with <propmale> 
taught <propfirst> to bring me my keys!
"i love you for free and i'm not your mother, but you don't even bother "
no work today now! yay
can't seem to wake up and so anything before work 
lake with <propmale> and his family tomorrow  happy birthday to his granny  playful 
facebook sucks right now 
my tummy did not like the taco <propfemale> burrito i had for dinner tonight :[
work tonight then off to washington bright and early saturday 
home again had a great time  gettin coffee then a night with the girls 
don't trust a hoe 
happy birthday to my dad!!!
is looking forward to 7 tonight 
going camping  be home sunday 
"home, and sweaty  who wants a hug?"
thinks spinach and artichoke cream cheese is god sent 
well la de da to you too miss piggy
last night was one of the best nights iv had for a long time 
"long day of work, but at least i made good tips  smile "
"my phone is acting up, so if you get multiple repeat texts from me today i'm sorry, it is not me sending them!"
school tomorrow   so glad i don't have to be there till 11
there is a piece of me missing   
got to see my two loves yesterday  i am happy 
mrejkagjgb work :[
"i would probably die if there was a real fire, because it just confused me i didn't move "
"weird dreams, busy day, tired body "
   
should be sleeping right now   
has mixed emotions right now   
"has a headache from hell, going to bed "
amazing how much a good night of sleep can do for you 
is tired and needs time to do homework 
"pulling a high school procrastination, doing my work early tomorrow morning before class  smile "
is ready for a day off    friday get here fast 
is content   smile 
is glad that her friends finally see things for what they are   or who they are 
"had a great day yesterday, and is ready for another one today "
"has tomorrow off work and school, yay!"
shibby!!!!
about to go watch 9 with some peeps  smile 
<propfemale> garden for <propfemale>'s birthday 
does not want to work today   
doesn't feel like much today 
"glad to be home, gotta go it again tomorrow though "
"studying, feels good about the test but not about going to work tonight "
finally home from a long day of school 
"if pinocchio says his nose will grow, what will happen?"
has butterfiles in her tummy   but not the good ones 
"is about to take a bio test, then its fairly easy for the rest of the week   other than work  friday come fast please "
is sick :[
is recovering   smile 
can taste things again! food is so much better when your senses work 
oh its the buggy boogie!!!!  smile 
watching my boyfriend  smile 
"almost well and back to the busy life, homework then work "
"its getting much harder to deffend my religion when there are so many ignorant people trying to \spread the word\"""""
calc test then i can relax 
finally home from a long day at school 
is eating a semi-home cooked meal 
"school then work, be home late "
found an awesome deal on ebay for the first three seasons of my boyfriend   smile 
home for the night and no homework 
ahhh my microwave is too extreme!!!
i make 12 cents a minute at work  woo big money haha 
today was a pretty good and productive day  my costume is almost done!  smile 
is finally giving up on some people    this just isn't worth it anymore 
is off to get some pants  and has finally located the source of the stench in my car    old hanburger meat in a lunch box 
"school, test, work "
is really hopeing that cutting my hair didnt just cost me a great opportunity 
is very excited!
got the drive through flu shot  i feel adventerous   playful 
is not looking forward to my bosses voice all night telling me how many discount cards i need to sell 
"home and relaxing, have tomorrow off work yay!"
knows her weaknesses but still loves life and the friends she has 
spaghetti! <propfemale> is a happy camper   smile 
naps are minipultive and evil    
"never sees who puts the $5 in my tip jar, but who ever they are   there frikin awesome!"
tired 
are pigs flying yet?
just realized the movie me myself and <propfemale> has alot of cakes music in it   smile  love this movie even more now 
busy day of work and studying 
is ready for the poison <propfemale> on my arms to go away  :[
hates calculus 
sigh    the government can not make people have self control by putting taxes on more things  silly obama 
watching alladen  smile 
with <propfemale> my twin  smile 
"   sigh, i just had to ask my mom how to spell shoe  my brain died "
not sleepy yet
so aparently i am a healer  lol
:[ so dissapointed in myself 
busy next few days 
"come together, right now, over me "
oh life   
feels like i did nothing with my day  i work till close :[
"you call it a blimish, i call it unique beauty "
bladdy blah blah blah   
had a good day all things considered   smile 
yay for eating  haha
mi <propfemale> <propfemale> bueno  smile 
"good people, fun time  smile "
could use more intelectual conversation in my life 
getting some dessert than reading calculus for dummys  fun night in store for me!
almost there 
"is moving forward, but still on the treadmill so not getting anywhere yet  but this will give me the strength to make the journy when im ready   smile "
working all weekend  woo
going christmas shopping  smile 
so tired   not looking forward to december when ill be working till after midnight 
needs lots of pictures of my dog   but majority of the pictures were on my old computer   which is now broken
calculus then sleep 
not feeling today at all 
"watching supernatural, then bed for me "
psychology then food then work all night 
just finished my powerpoint presentation and ready for tomorrow  smile 
watched paranormal activity with <propfemale> tonight  not bad  
work all night :[ come visit me 
home and happy
todays been a great day 
"watched \he's just not that into you\""   its saddly very true """
bjearnligbalgba school scedule 
"i don’t know what the key to success is, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone "
"day off, how do i choose to spend it? sleeping  definitly a sign im getting old "
i accidently counted to blue   
"got paid $70 for an hour of work, not bad at all  smile "
car broke down and math still sucks 
"   <propfemale> western, i am mad at you right now "
"my bank account magically has an extra $7,640 in it   this worries me "
work  even when im not at work 
interesting how easy it is to bite off a body part 
i can do this   smile 
go look at the <propfemale>!!!
masterd the new espresso machine  smile 
just spent 14 hours at my work doing calculus homework  i am now brain dead 
wrote my 5 <propfemale> psychology paper this morning   its due in a few hours   smile  i am a master procastinator 
<propfirst> swift songs just make me happy 
"is temporarly brain dead  so if i dont make sense, thats why "
"good day, went christmas shopping with <propmale> then <propfemale> garden with mi padre "
get to go cut down a christmas tree with my mom and dad tomorrow!!  smile 
"got a live tree, only like 18 inches tall, after christmas me and my family are going to plant it in our front yard   smile "
"calculus, i am breaking up with you now  i had to stand your bs for 5 months now   we just dont work out, sorry "
done and passed   smile 
interesting day to say the least   
intellegence doesn't mean much when you live in a town of idiots 
snow!!  smile 
"my dog has turned into a snow <propfemale>, she doesn't want to come inside "
bowling with the ladies  smile 
"yesterday was all around awesome, good times with good people   smile "
"tonight is a much needed ladies night, with presents  smile  i love my girls, i dont know what id do without you guys "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!  smile 
"im ashamed to say, i have become a fan of the snuggie "
this has been a great christmas  i love you all   smile 
i just found out that i can no longer hear the stealth noise   i feel old 
i am very tired of this cold  i want to be able to breathe out my nose again 
had an epic dream of zombie killing  woke up feelin great!
i wanna be a hot awesome blue chick 
"mall, sherlock holmes, ribs at fridays and friends = great day"
"life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know wacha gunna get "
last day of freedom from work or school 
"tweedly <propfirst> tweedly dum, i have a smiley face on my thumb   smile "
"things are falling into place, life is great "
you can never please everyone 
a toasty butt is a happy butt   smile 
is very out of shape and sore all over  ill be ripped by the end of the semester though   playful 
"is giddy, and i love it   smile "
"thank you random lady for buying me coffee and cinnimon rolls, you proved to me there are still good people in this world "
just saw the guy that plays professor snape in a movie about wine   he was actually good   but i kept picturing him in a black robe 
is looking forward to the month of feburary   and not because of valentines day   smile 
"college applications, sexy people and good food "
"never worry too much, life always has a way of making things better "
watching chowder and trying to wish the snow away 
"i need to go on who wants to be a millonair, im getting all the questions right just watching the show "
i just found out i can watch two tv shows at once on my tv   not sure when ill use it  but thats awesome!
planning stuff    
florida here i come   smile 
home   i miss the sun 
i found you mister booty  playful 
apartment maybe?
 smile 
i think i am going to get a pi symbol ice tray with my geek points  i think that will make like using ice in my drinks 
reading kids books makes me feel like a superfast reader   playful 
ate the best food ever tonight with my favorite person & family
my blanket smell sexy  wink 
i have a phantom shower 
"work was crazy busy, bowling tonight with some awesome people  smile "
i want my stuff to come faster   this is getting annoying 
would i make a good pediatrician?
"\never take life too seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway     \"""""
im addicted to the bubble wrap game on my dads iphone
eating a large pizza by myself    i'm such a fat kid  playful 
"my group of friends are all very intelligent nerds, and i love it "
"i wear my sunglases at night so i can, so i can   "
"its been an awesome weekend and will be a great dinner, <propfemale>'s lasagna  smile "
"finally figured out what i want to do \when i grow up\""  smile """
"filling out college apps, they are making me sleepy "
code lb!!!!
"i see a little siloutte of a man, scadamoosh scadamoosh will you do the fandango?"
happy birthday to my momma! i love you!
"family time, work time, mr  booty and more family time   smile "
"rumors are cruel, try finding the facts before judging a person "
you make me smile  smile 
lunch with <propfemale> and marlyne then homework 
that biology project took way longer than i thought it would  stupid black fly 
happy st  patricks day!!
anyone want a nose? because i'm about to cut mine off 
is realizing that after you take stuff like calculus basic math becomes very hard 
"beautiful day outside, go enjoy it!"
one more week!  smile  life is great 
"finishing applying to vcu and <propmale>, still have to pay the app fee for cnu and odu   may apply for a couple other schools but done for today  going to see a play  smile "
i do believe it is cheesecake time  smile 
one more day  smile 
"nap, then hanging out with the fabulous <propfemale>  smile "
will be gone this weekend having a blast at busch gardens with some awesome people   smile 
had the most amazing weekend  smile 
"eh mombo, mombo italiano "
"i love thinkgeek, they listened to me  smile  i will soon get my free pi icecube tray!!"
"craming for tests at 6am, wooo fun stuff "
going hiking with my daddy in the morning  smile 
i'm in creative writing mood right now   smile 
has the weekend off  smile 
cheese and crackers has got to be one of the best things ever invented 
"i get my allergie medicine tomorrow, goodbye itchy eyes!"
im too tired to observe jews right now 
"made good tips at work today, its beautiful outside and im studying with <propmale> and <propfemale> later, today is a good day  smile "
feeling amazing   smile 
hit girl is my hero 
"she blinded me, with science!"
it seems as though the more i try to clean the more of a mess i make 
who wants cupcakes?  smile 
making delicious dinner with <propfirst> <propfirst>
beautiful day  smile 
only 4 more months in roanoke 
its too nice out to work today 
girls night then bio exam  bum bum bummmmm
has the day off and only one exam to go tomorrow  smile 
its so nice out today so i am studying outside  smile 
is done with school!  smile 
"looking at apartments in richmond, i'm so excited!!!"
on my way to vcu  smile 
definitly going to need to take a few more trips to richmond this month 
spending some time with <propfemale> today then doing something random with <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile  it will be a good day 
   i honestly do not know 
going to the cascades with <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile 
i got accepted to vcu!!
supernatural party!!
"finished with western, now on to vcu "
"cleaning out the back storage room, i just found my barbies  makes me miss the good ol' days with <propfirst> walrond, <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale> christenbury "
today is a lazy rainy day    at least until 2 30 when i have to go to work 
i think i may just delete my facebook   
god of war 3 is amazing  smile 
i need coffee   and icecream sounds good right now but i am lacking the energy  to go get it 
"sooo change of plans, but it is probably for the best i wont let it stop me  smile "
bahh so confusing 
that sir is a logical fallacy!!!
is addicted to god of war 3 
"the last few days have been great, <propmale>'s mini party, girls night, then his real party  now just wanting the weekend to go by so i can have a day off "
"so much to do, and no idea when to do it!"
"i need some help  i am budgeting my money for vcu and i had at first put $100 for food for a month, then i realized that is $3 33 a day which does not sound right haha so how much on average do you think a college student would spend on food in a months time?"
"beautiful day, and i actually get to enjoy it because don't have to work!"
i really want a bagel but they are all molded :[
"we got the apartment, and will be movin in august 15th!!  smile "
lounging in the sun on such a beautiful day  smile 
"toy story three was amazing, even if we didn't get to see it in 3d"
beach  smile 
reading wicked  smile 
"day off tomorrow, and man i need it "
"finished wicked last night, great book, now on to the road "
"thursday, friday and saturday will be pure bliss  smile "
"<propfemale> western, you suck! i took your stupid calc class and you call it a management class so i get no math transfer credit for it  anna  you were right :["
wee wooo
no more shots please!!
family reunion then possibly a party   it shall be a good day  smile 
"all registed for classes, now i just gotta get all my stuff packed up   which is lookin pretty scary "
i think i am cursed with my car 
thank you guys for all the wonderful birthday wishes and to my friends for making my birthday awesome  i love you guys!!!
lost  smile 
"i love my family, i wouldn't be who i am today without my wonderful mother <propfemale> and father <propmale> creel  thank you for being the best parents ever!"
talking about dustys hell last night was so funny   those are moments that make me love my job 
i really want some ice cream right now   
my poor car   
\twenty \,9020aa0bc0bac923e1a15fb7568c918c,"korn's song shoots and ladders is the perfect song to wake up to because it starts out so soft and then gradually gets louder, i thought there was a bag pipe band coming down my street or something!"
los recados hoy con mis padres   smile 
"awesome day at work, now helping mr matthew pack for college  smile "
"you may think she's an open book, but you don't know which <propfemale> to turn to do you? do you?"
"bugs can fall off the ceiling, i witnessed it this morning!"
the lego block is finally fixed and running smoother than ever!!
"happy birthday <propmale> creel (daddy) and have a safe trip to richmond <propfirst> <propfirst> , <propfirst> bower , <propfemale> wein <propfirst> and mr  <propfirst>!!"
my last day at roanoke bam today
well   that was uneventful and disappointing   
no more work for 20 days   now just packing 
it's the final countdown (you must sing this status btw)
"done with most of the packing and free till friday, so let me know if you wanna <propfemale> out before i go  smile "
so the lego block is sick again :[
"so my dad is working on the lego block while i am inside finishing packing and cleaning, hopefully everything will work out in time  *fingers crossed*"
only one more day in roanoke
this is not going smooth at all   very stressful  i just have to keep my head up 
"goodbye roanoke, hello richmond "
so far so good  smile  keeping my fingers crossed for the boy though 
"rode my bike to school this morning, i feel accomplished, now its nap time   smile "
i feel old 
"i got a pocket, got a pocket full of sunshine  i got a love and i know that it's all mine  smile "
"trying to learn all the countries of the world  btw, did i mention i suck at geography?"
back home for the weekend  smile 
back to richmond bright and early tomorrow to start my job 
"tests, and lots of them  i really need to study and my book needs to get here so i can actually read the material before the test!!"
"dear richmond businesses,  \make your employees stop being so lazy and actually do their jobs correctly and efficiently, and if not the manager needs to fix it  which means you should probably have a manager working  \sincerely, \pissed off customer "
my life is pretty darn good  smile 
"the squeaky wheel gets the grease, but if the wheel keeps squeaking, it will eventually be thrown out and replaced "
"finally got some much needed sleep, feelin' good now  working on homework and watching <propmale> with my love   smile "
supernatural tonight!!!!
shock the monkey!
i think that bologna sandwich i just ate may have been bad   
time for work  life is good  three more years and ill be dr  creel!!
i think i am the only person who can get hit by an automatic door 
carrots wanna go to the party in my tummy?!? oh theres a party in my tummy yummy yummy  ahhhhhh
"you have to take the bad with the good and make the best of it  all i can say is that my life is pretty plain, i like watchin the puddles gather rain "
"looking forward to payday, i need the mulah"
soooo tiredd
day off finally  errands to do while i enjoy this beautiful day with my amazing boy   smile 
and maybe your gunna be the one that saves me 
the enchiladas are spazzin' out!
my body does not like me right now 
bahh the library is too loud :[
"i hate checks, they are stupid  cash and debit card should be all you need  jefbehgalgbgljkkjrjagjn"
writing my personal narrative   
"i am sooo tired, i really hope i am not getting sick "
"\i should invent glow in the dark tampons\""-sheldon  i am addicted to big bang theory!!"""
so the ib program managed to make its way into my lifespan psych text book
movie with friends tonight  smile 
"be careful you fool, there are certain rules, even for a fellow like you "
come on starbucks just let me say i want a 20 oz drink 
sooo you e playful ect me to get all these credits in yet you only offer one class that overlaps with 4 of the other ones you require me to take  thank you vcu 
taking <propmale> out tonight to celebrate!!
this weekend has went by entirely too fast :[
"<propfirst>, i love you, please get better so i can see you for thanksgiving  :["
i am ready for thanksgiving break 
the new <propmale> potter movie did not disappoint  smile 
"got three out of 5 of my classes, i didn't know i had to declare my minor before being able to take certain classes "
glad to be back in roanoke with family  happy thanksgiving everyone!
back to richmond  back to work   annoyed 
small clothes should not cost as much as they do 
"crockpot, coffee, matt   a good night  smile "
the science channel makes me happy 
my calculated life e playful ectancy is 96 years  smile 
i hate shopping!
"last week of school, so much to do and working till midnight every night  wooo"
i have no motivation today
snow  smile 
is realizing just how lucky i have been  i have had a great life so far  smile 
my brain is taking a vacation too soon 
3 as and a b  not too shabby  smile 
glad to be back in roanoke for a bit  smile 
"i really suck at wrapping presents haha    but hey it's the thought that counts, right? lol"
<propfemale> christmas!!
three more days of freedom!!
"was going through old school binders and found a spelling test that i got an 100% on but yet spelled the word \spelling\"" wrong at the top of the paper  i find that ironic """
i love my girls  smile 
work then watching avatar with my boy for new years  smile 
"rip <propfirst>, i love and miss you!"
"i love you <propfirst> <propfirst>, and am glad you are in my life  happy anniversary baby  smile "
i have a lot on my mind and nothing in my stomach   i need to fix this 
date night  smile  applebee's and black swan with mr  <propfirst>
"a boom boom ba, can you hear my heart beating"
i will be getting a freezing workout at school this semester  my classes are on opposite sides of the campus 
"first day back, not too shabby"
reading physiological psychology while <propmale> makes delicious food   smile 
i miss being a marshmallow
making dinner for my hard working salesman   smile 
should i cut my hair short-ish again?
day off   spending it doing homework 
"\wait  they don't love you like i love you\"""""
"\i was afraid you were going to burst into pixie dust\"""""
why must my internet suck
my dad is amazing
so much to study and so little free time to do it 
spending time with the best parents in the world  smile 
my brain hurts 
so the brain pain spread to my whole body :[
date night  smile 
i'v gotten in the habit of growling at objects that don't do what i want them to  i think i have a problem  haha
apparently i sing in my sleep   and not very well 
in roanoke for the weekend  feels good to be home   smile 
"stat homework done, now family time   smile "
a much needed lazy day 
so much to read!!!
trying to do all my homework before i head back to roanoke
"after somehow getting lost i am finally home, i did however get to cross an awesome looking bridge that i have no idea how to ever find again  smile "
"getting my hair cut tomorrow, i am really thinking side bangs   i need suggestions"
simplistic bliss  smile 
beautiful day out and i am off work and school  smile 
came to class soaked because it rained just when we got out of the car and then stopped as soon as we got to class  surprisingly its been a great day still   smile 
a very productive day indeed  smile 
