768819ae1220f5a91d9653e3a3b211bc
"last night was awesome, we started a fire in the middle of the street while everyone was sleeping, ate some good food, got drunk, and set off fireworks  maybe not all in that order but close enough  most epic  new years <propfemale>  <propfemale>r   love "
finally   the internet!
mmmm hash browns and corn beef hash for dinner    guess its just a hashy kind of day     ok come on it was a little funny
ugh   i just feel old sometimes     maybe its just fatigue  
"one more cigarette   then im callin it quits     (for the night only, of course)  night night lovelies of facebook"
something about the monsoon moodiness makes me feel alive     i hope it storms for days!!!!!! go rain!
woo yard work and swimming tomorrow    <propfemale> loves the pool so i am sure it will be a blast!!!
i friggen love rise against!!!!!!!
yawn    i feel bad for people on the east coast     they are all getting up for work right now and i havent even gone to bed yet!
update: i feel bad for the east coasters and <propfirst>    
is smoking her last cigarette for the night      
anyone down for a rain dance?
ugggh i am so bored 
"drinks green tea! i have been on a bit of a health cleanse lately, and i have discovered that drinking green tea really does help your body's digestive system and manages some nerves of stress and anxiety   and i have been sleeping better too   i recommend peace tea it is all natural and has a great <propfemale> flavor and it is only 99 cents at circle k!!!"
"wants to put a picture of <propmale> up but he said \only if i get paid for people looking at me\""   ha ha ah laughing my ass off!"""
irritated at facebook chat  stop being faggish!
wooo 4th of july tomorrow! time to party!!!!
wooooo all i prescribe is cranberry and vodka
work tomorrow  ugh but its worht it    $$$
whiter teeth? i recommend scope white mouth wash! i get so many complements on my smile when i use this  it does work and its only like 5 dollars at wal mart!
"its funny how you find yourself being lonely when you have been drinking, but when you are sober, you dont really mind being alone"
<propfemale> <propfemale> for now folks!!!
only needs one word to describe this       steak  sorry to all the vegetarians out there
yes its finally raining at my house!!!
"\the beast woman comes to tucson\""      watch out"""
i got kicked out of the chatroom because im american   
"so i have come to the conclusion that i want to be <propmale> and famous    im not quite sure how i am going to approach this yet, but anyone with advice that leads to publicity, will be well rewarded   maybe i am just a dreamer but i need this   everytime i think about having this power i can literally feel a spark run through my body  advice?"
"   now shes saying \mmmm cack-errrrrs!!!\"""""
please sign this petition! we need to save the wildlife that bp is destroying!!!!
its ok everyone    i totally just got here with the drinks! the party can start now! vodka night!!!!
my mom is the biggest bitch i have ever known and i am so pissed at her right now i feel like throwing my right shoe at her     wtf were you thinking when you married her dad?
dying my hair white chocolate blonde as we speak     the ammonia is burning my scalp and im smoking a cigarette       wait    is that dangerous?
cat + me @ 420 a m  = bad ass
i'm a beautiful disaster
i finally spoke my feelings and now the wait begins
lets see today i chased a flaming <propfirst> down the street maybe met a serial killer and it is thundering so loud right not its giving me the tingles in my spine holy shit
<propfemale>'s drunk as hell and she dont care      haaaaaaaaaaa
today i was a huge bitch     if i was someone else i would have punched me     
and still i wake up and wonder wtf happened last night     
just watched zombieland    i fricken  love 'ed it!
look at me now    this is definately an alternate ending b*tches
ughhhhh i finally may have found the answer to all of these stupid symptoms i have been having lately tmj       its a jaw problem  its not fatal  thank god i thought i was on the verge of a massive stroke or  aneurysm     but no  every symptom i have is located under tmj     hallelujah
"i always hated that hot n cold song by <propfemale> <propfirst>, until i had a reason to like it      i now understand why she wrote that song   and i know how big of a douche it takes to get that much emotion out of a person  so thanks person who is a douche for making me realize im probably just better off listening to <propfemale> <propfirst>    and drinking vodka of course "
needs a fucking cigarette 
uggggggg i forgot the ash tray!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"i have the sweetest dreams  then i wake up and get depressed because it wasn't real  like last night  i had a dream about me and some friends using an rv to go to the beach   it was amazing  my dreams are so vivid! i often dream of the beach  it feels real like the sand is between my toes  mostly, i can control what happens in them which is truly a gift  but other times there is no control  maybe i'm just crazy "
today was epic   i had to take my daughter to urgent care because she decided to jam a pea up her nose at my grandmas's house during dinner       ha ha go figure the pea falls out the second before they are going to try to remove it   nice    
"i have had the urge to get a new piercing lately    i am having a rough time trying to figure out what i want though    i though tongue, but i already had a web so idk   i thought <propfemale> bc i havent had that yet, or maybe a single lip piercing to the left, or maybe even a microdermal anchor    i def  dont know about that though bc its permanent   hmmmmmmmm decisions decisions"
suggestions>>>>??????
"there is a hell, believe me i've seen it  there is a heaven, lets keep it a secret      "
"say you want to stay, you want me to \\say you'll never die, you'll always haunt me \\i want to know i belong to you \\say you'll haunt me"
"i wish you would step back from that ledge my friend    cut ties with all the lies that youve been living in and if you do not want to see me again, i would undertand       "
today is unfortunately going to be a long day     annoyed 
hurray for shopping!
one say i will have my own restaurant   i  love  cooking!
ha ha textsfromlastnight com is the shit!!!!
well    thats fine if everyone just pretends i dont exist     ha ha the friends in my head are way cooler anyway!
i applied my first faux eyelashes today  1  they are a bitch  2  they are a pain in my ass 3  they look nice but i fear for my eye being invaded by some mutant false hair!!!!
"ugh  i just fed my snake his weekly mouse     i feel so bad for those mice     i feel like i am playing god, but the snake has to eat too     i guess im grateful that im not a mouse!"
"ha ha i know, i know, you dont have to tell me  im just that f'n good!!! oh yeah and here is to all the haters in high school or anytime in life who called me 4 eyes or loser or dated me for 3 days then cheated    look at me now! \dontcha wish your girlfriend was hot like me???\"""""
i dreamt of the beach again last night  im so tired of being teased by my subconscious    *sigh*
it was a life or death situation     drink the well water or die of dehydration     i drank the well water  ughhh  i am starting to realize that both roads lead to death     
o m g 
so i was watching this show on history about 2012  did you know there are people wasting time and money to collect seeds from every type of plant in the world to be frozen in antarctica to restore the earth after the apocalypse??? are you kidding me??? no wonder we are in recession!!! anyway i guess there is supposed to be no sun for 40 years after this    but thats fine i have fair skin anyway
aaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
totally applying for suicide girls!!!!! wish me luck everyone!!!!
bad night  thank god for vodka and a good friend who cares       think im going to drink the night morning away       
thats right sexy dove and her super hott nikon are going to make me famous      well dove and i will be famous cuz im taking her with me!!!!
"you know you're in arizona when annoyed -you no longer associate bridges or rivers with water\-you can say 110 degrees without fainting\-you can make instant sun tea\-you learn that a seat belt makes a pretty good branding iron\   -the temperature drops below 90 and you feel a bit chilly (so not true  below 75 maybe)\-you discover in july , it takes only two fingers to drive your car"
"and: \-you can cook a burrito on your dashboard!!!!!"
i just beat silent hill ii for xbox!!!! it took me 10 hours but i got an 8 <propfemale> rating!!! wicked! anyone know where i can get the original silent hill and if its any good?
manbearpig!!!!!!
wtf? facebook stop being gay! why cant i send friend requests????? very frustrating       ughhh
ha ha my myspace is so sad i  love  fb way more
i just submitted my photo to the skin industries contest for september please vote for me!!!!!
"dont ask me to tell you how i feel and then your only response be  \girl youre crazy\"" that makes me crazy!!!"""
oh yeah keep refreshing the <propfemale> until i pop up!!!! dont vote for others!!!!! lol http annoyed  www skinindustries com xcart <propfemale>s php?<propfemale>id=87
"vodka buzz right now  totally numb  i feel nothing, its a great feeling    anyway, why do you have more compassion towards music when you drink? is it because you connect with an artist on a deeper level? is it because your true colors come out when you drink? opinions?  oh! and i want to be the \new\"" <propfirst> <propmale>"""
whats on my mind? good question fb  well    i hate it when a person holds one small innocent mistake above your head forever    i would rather be shot  im sorry you are jealous but it just isnt my problem    some days i wonder if the fight is really worth fighting over    
"yay  its raining  stupid cold, preventing me from doing my nude rain dance     damn you "
does anyone happen to have a copy of silent hill 4 for xbox they would be willing to let me borrow until i can buy my own??? i dont get paid until saturday but i am dying to play   thanks!!!
thats right     im a nergeek  get over it!
"im a facebook junkie     eeeehwwww watch out dont step on that fb syringe, i think some crackhead used it!"
wait!!! i have to fucking pee
wwwwwhoooooooooaaaaaa! tonights going to be a gooooooood night! hurray for hurricanes!
bed time! i wonder what the contents of my dreams will be tonight?????
legalize medical marijuana  there are sick people who need it!
whoa  bad night  the only thing making me feel better is the vodka + minutemaid fruit punch in my cup and the fact that the huge keger for the zombie apocalypse is going to be gangster 
i'm getting drunk   vodka = love
im pretty sure i will have a <propfemale> over tomorrow!!!!!!
haha  exactly 
"in case you all were wondering how i am feeling today the answer is, blonde!"
uuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhh-o looks like <propfemale> has some <propmale> shoe lickin' to do     
hey guys only 2 days left until the skin industries contest is over!!!!!! please vote vor me and vote again and again i want this soooo bad an victory is almost mine!!!! heres the link: http annoyed  www skinindustries com xcart pages php?pageid=87
im totally going to be a sore loser if i dont win the skin contest     
today is the last day for the skin industries contest!!! voting continues until midnight please vote for me!!!! http annoyed  www skinindustries com xcart pages php?pageid=87
came in 5th for skin contest! better luck next time! i did have 5000 votes so thanks everyone for the support        love 
29 hours til party time! omg there is so much to do still    i feel like a chicken running around with its head cut off! should be a rockin' 2nd birthday for <propfemale>!
less than 5 hours til party time!!!!! woo hoo make sure you got room for some vodka!
"i am glad <propfemale> had fun during her birthday party  unfortunately some of the grown ups were unable to act like grown ups for the event  oh well, thank god its over  time to relax and drink some <propfemale>!"
"applied for the playboy macau <propfemale> position today, haha "
is sooooo tired  what a long week! tgif! just means i get to sleep in a little later tomorrow!
"bored, bored, bored today ha ha looks like a wal mart trip is in my future  going to get some new blinds for the front room so all these nosey ass people stop looking in my house "
ha ha vodka night   threw hollys party balloons in the street! it was simply hilarious watching the cars in my neighborhood stop then run over them lmao! hahaha
"freakin bears! come on collins wtf are you thinking throwing the ball when you obviously suck at passing! i would be more successful at throwing the ball and completing a pass than you and i'm only 5'6! sheesh! are you trying to destroy your season? <propfemale> sucks donkey balls so why all the interceptions?    bottom line, turnovers get you nowhere  if you are trying to lose, keep throwing! the defense cant do it all "
breakfast for dinner  love 
anyone been to slaughter house yet? it's right down the street from me in the old farmer <propfirst>'s well    slaughter house    want to check it out so let me know if you have been there and what you think!  love 
"i guess <propfirst> coco didnt want to be friends with me  its cool though, obviously he must be better than i am "
"i might be a sexy blonde, but i have an undeniable dark side    "
ugh work today    but it will totally be worth the $500 dollars cash we get after the job is complete!!!
"getting drunk     ha ha  if i dont come on for a couple days its either because i am dead or there is still plenty of vodka in my system from tonight  i  love  you all, my beautiful friends!!!!"
"\dance dance like its the last last night of your life life gonna get it right\"""""
"night night world\just know that i love those supposed to be loved and i hate those supposed to be hated "
i am officially dumber now that i have watched my super sweet 16     what spoiled little wenches!
bazaar week    i hope the next couple of days become a little more ordinary    
eeeeeeewwwwwwww! a used lamborghini??????
   hates when people knock on her front door without calling first causing a riot of dog barking and noise which wakes up the kid!!!! do not do that
"okay so here is a strange question that i am dying to understand the answer to    i like football dont get me wrong, but why do guys get so angry when their team loses??? its just a game and its not like whomever is getting mad can play any better     any ideas?"
"went for a run today   i thought it was going to be brutal, but it wasnt so bad  it felt good to exercise, since i have been in a lazy slump of late   maybe i will do it again real soon "
"tried belly dancing   ha ha though i look like a complete fool while doing it, i cant believe how well it strengthens my abs and really kicks ass on the love handles  i would totally be down for trying it again    once i recover "
woo! 22 in 22 days!
just applied to the u of a   i am going to keep my fingers crossed because i did not graduate from my high school with all of the college prereqs required 
= drunken hiccups are the worst         
ha ha ha
seriously???? worst  night  ever 
o o   things are starting to get really interesting around here     epic  love 
"favorite quote of the night, \dont drink too much\""         haha yeah right """
cant wait til friday!!!!!
"hey guys, i love you all! thank you for all the birthday wishes  you all made my day special  love     now, its going to be party 'til monday time "
best  thanksgiving  ever   love 
"another good week  love , but i am so over thanksgiving leftovers    "
"ugh  my daughter has a cold poor thing, and i may be on the way to urgent care if this stupid stomach pain continues    love  today is going to be a wonderful day   "
never made it to urgent care and now i have the stupid cold   hahaha aint that just grand!
"omg friggen cold! go away, im so over you!"
"i  love  getting out of a hot bath looking like a lobster! hehe it always puts a smile on my face   can we say \too easily amused\""?"""
i've always been a freak of nature   this situation is no exception     love 
what is going on with everyones profile pics??? hahaha
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, dec 6  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same  smile )"
i hate bears games when they start losing  'nuff said 
"   oh and by the way, malica <propfemale> is the shit for liking rocko's modern life   "
<propmale> over        love 
thinking about partying tonight   best wishes for <propfemale> kerr and her family     
just pulled all of the christmas stuff out of my garage  holy crap!
"wow  i knew i was cool, but i didnt know the extent of it until now      love "
"     so much to do, not enough hours in the day to do it in      sad "
is feeling happy today     love 
"what a fantastic night this turned out to be        yeah, right         sad "
"i hate you, chicken sandwich "
thinking about going shopping tonight anyone down?
"this whole christmas thing is starting to piss me off and stress me out big time      i thought this was supposed to be \the most wonderful time of the year\"" i would like to punch the person who wrote that song """
yay! today is going to be a great friggen day!
"haha this figures: we are hanging our outside lights today and we go to test the last strand and of course, what would happen? they dont f'ing work!!!! so we have been working on them for about three hours now, we got half the strand working  i pray to all that is holy that we can fix the last half otherwise, i am officially giving up on christmas "
"right now, my cat is on crack "
wow how time flies  this is <propfemale>'s 3rd christmas and <propmale> and i have been together for 4 years now  unbelievable  love 
my grandma gave me a box of shiny brite christmas ornaments      i did some research and found out that they are from the 1950s   i wish i had all of them they are now worth $40      wow  i feel like i belong on american pickers     
tonight is already sucking balls  i really hope it gets better  i am tired of all this bullshit  stop taking it out on me and pushing my buttons you f'ing ass fuzz 
"wait              ok, then night isnt as shitty as i thought got to <propfemale> with some awesome folk and i got some new clothes and an awesome new canon camera! go me!"
"i guess i need to keep my mouth shut because everytime things keep looking up, i get knocked down again    i am at the snapping point "
hahahahahahaha she ain't got nothin on me
i finally couldnt take it anymore  i had to cry 
ah  maybe i just needed some sleep feeling refreshed today  love 
 love  feelin' good  love 
i  love  the machine gun blues!
i cast 200 votes for <propfemale> gandino!
had a blast making xmas cookies with the me-ma today  love 
"i  love  mcdonalds, but it makes me so thirsty i think i just drank a gallon of water "
"enough negatives    im tired of people who are like \oh i dont have a bf gf  im extremely insecure and i hate happy people \"" (you know who you are)  really? you are so young still maybe its better if u are single and enjoying it  but im tired of all the complaining  get over it  its pathetic to feel bad for yourself and its more pathetic to flaunt it on fb  you will never gain anyones affection or interest that way """
off to tropical kingdom to get <propfirst> 2 mice for christmas lol 
wooo about to go throw down at toys r us! good riddance this should have been done two weeks ago  i  love  procrastination
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!  dont worry my grandma and i got the eggnog situation covered!!!!
nothing like cleaning the house to get ready for a new year!  love 
don't act like you didnt know that i'm awesome       love 
"i had a little too much to drink last night which in return gave me some inspiration for this letter  enjoy!  dear toilet, thank you for always being there for me no matter what  the time we have spent together always makes me remember that i had a good time prior to having my head stuck in you all night   please continue to be my porcelain god, and i will continue being your reckless binge drinker   love  lo"
"dear ups man, you are such a little tease  i do not appreciate it when i have been e playful ecting my mp3 player for a week now, then you randomly park in front of my house to deliver a package to my neighbor at 8 o'clock last night  call me when you are done being a slut   love  lo"
im feeling a bit crazy right now      wondering what should i do tonight          love 
drank a whole bottle of wine last night  good times   feeling impowered this morning like i can do anything  move out tha way world!!!!!!  love 
"pandora com = epic! check it out it is designed to let you hear music that you want to hear  i am trying to get pandora for fb but as usual, fb is being a retard  so! just check out the site "
"thats right <propfemale>, i'm swaggalicious         love "
"finally got my friggen mp3 player  this is sooooooo exciting, i may crap   love "
"i feel so bad for <propfirst> giffords, and all the other people who were shot today   i pray that she makes it through surgery and that the other victims survive  prayers to all the families "
i am still so upset over this    i have cried too many tears today especially after they released pictures of the little girl   heart-broken 
i am tired of people saying it happened over politics  it may have had a slight degree 2 do with what happened but if u actually did ur research you would already know that the guy is indeed a nut job  not some politics hungry republican  i h8 when people get the facts wrong like this one girl made a whole website talking about how he was a republican out 4 vengence blah blah   wrong! you arent even from tucson stfu 
hey! i got friggen ripped off and now im pretty irritated!!!!!!!!!!!!! *screams into pillow out of frustration*  ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
"im extremely irritated right now   do i give a flying fuck about your emo \feelings\""  no! you brought this on yourself  youre a hypocrite   did i blow things out or proportion??? no! you just cant handle the fact that i am more well spoken than you and i can outwit you and manipulate you with my words  do i give a crap if you go kill yourself??? no!  i am done having my time wasted by ridiculous people  deuces """
status: back to happy!!!
im feeling so lost these days  i keep holding on but i dont know what for  i am emotionally exhausted  i feel like i could sleep for a week easily  i need a vacation away from my life  im thinking islands somewhere    
stupid car  power steering being a fucker again  story of my life lol but im in a great mood forget the stupid car!
jesus christ sirens in the hood i wonder what up?????
g2g guys thanks for keeping me busy and entertained (jonny & <propfemale>) you guys are the best  and so is my hooker (ari)
thinkin' about drinkin' this evenin'        hahaha i already know im a nergeek  you dont have to state the obvious!
"woke up today feeling swaggalicious  love  move over world, im here now!"
hahaha my crazy effin life    i love love love when people ignore me for a while and then they cant get enough of me      love  thanks its times like these when i dont know how to turn the swagger off!!!
this is fantastic news     my dad just got covered for health and dental insurance through his work and it also covers all children up to age 26! woooo hooooo! no more worrying about how to pay urgent care bills i can just go see a doctor now for $15!
"ugh the new astrology signs are dumb   i was born on november 23 1988  i \was\"" as saggitarius on the cusp of scorpio now im just a scorpio on the cusp of something else  are you people trying to give me multiple personality disorder hahahaha lame!"""
mas vino? si! por favor   
"i h8 missin u, u make my heart ache, more than a tooth gettin novacained, i just wish we could b 2gether, i could tell u ways id like 2spend 4ever ah i feel that, feel love not like being trapped  what should i say? i love u more w everyday, i wish i could e playful lain but, there aint no easy way 2 say it no,u make my heart race  so fast im losin pace an i think about u when im dreamin oh, i dont wanna be w o u no    love  lo"
long football watching day today  think i am going to call it quits early unless i can find a decent conversation to put my 2 cents into  we shall see think i may work on breaking in the new mp3 player hard tonight     thinking about adding like 12 hours of nofx songs! yay~ i just filled up my empty planless space with ideas of things im going to do  go me!
"i cant wait 2 find out who said i have \junk in my trunk\"" on the 21 questions game   ha i have 2 wait til <propmale>  2 find out im 3 coins short! and yes! i got goodies in the trunk ya'll dont need to concern yourselves with figuring it out ha  heard a song the other day 4 the first time dont know what it was called but it had some line in it that went \""with a face from california and a booty from down south\"" yep  got it!"""
ahhhhhhhhh just woke up!
took a mouse out of my snakes cage because apparently he cant handle 2 mice at once anymore    he survived in the snake cage for 4 days  i felt so bad that i pulled him out and he is very sweet  right now i have him in a makeshift cage so i was wonderin if anyone had a small aquarium style cage or hamster cage that they dont need  dont want to spend a ton of $ for a small mouse if you can help lemme know! thnx  love  lo
aahhhhh        i miss my friends  sad 
i let the little mouse go in the desert behind my house      sad  couldnt accomidate his needs so i figure it was better to set him free than have him die for no reason  its all good 
"ugh my two year old hit me in the head with hers on accident last night  not ony do i have a lovely bump that is going to turn into a shiner, i think she may have also given me a slight concussion! thanks daughter!!!!  love "
"so    saw the walking dead last night watched about 30 seconds of it because i saw it already  what happens next? i have wicked dreams about a post apocalyptic zombie land   these dreams are always so vivid, but i always survive somehow   this makes 2 nights in a row that i have woken up sweating and had to go walk around  (the zombie dreams aren't bad, its the other ones i had during the night)  wild imagination "
going on la diet starting tomorrow  oh boy    trying to lose 20 lbs before june 1  want to finally achieve swimsuit model status!!!! wish me luck guys!
i feel a song quote is nessicary here to start off the morning     too bad im too <propmale> over to think straight right now  everyone is still asleep  hurray for me i going back to bed! song will <propfemale> to wait 
"yes  i am a little weird      and yes, i already knew that before you told me so you really didnt prove anything now did you? um, fyi, my profile pic is of me licking a penguin on a lotion bottle  i think its pretty much self e playful lanitory    "
"unproductive day really  went to see the <propfemale> <propfemale>  kid is in bed, i got so much free time on my hands in this very second that i dont even know what to do with it  haha i come alive in the night time, but i think im callin it quits soon "
damn you cigarettes for sitting so close to me  you make it to hard to resist you     love 
yay! today is going to be a good day i can feel it in my bones!
whew almost done cleaning      had to take a cig break     smile 
drinking wine and hanging out with the bf at the moment     making yummy fajitas for dinner tonight i cant wait!
friggen go bears! (and steelers since i have to cheer for you pretty much) i  hope cutler doesnt do anything stupid and i hope field conditions are dreadful!!!
my bears lost      now it comes down to my steelers    woo back to the roots!
didnt sleep well but then my fb friends made me feel better so i guess     whatev 
"good mornin everyone! i need a cigarette and a diet dr  pepper so, chow for now!!!!  love "
"whats on my mind you ask??? getting drunk! been wanting to do this for weeks now, havent had a <propmale>  my first sip of wine was so good   love   thank you grapes for giving me wine "
"dear ridiculous hacking cough and sore throat i woke up w , i h8 when u sneak up on me like this, making it impossible 2 talk or breathe  i told u i was done with u but like a stalker following me around u continue 2 haunt me  i guess i am going to have to replace my drinkin alcohol with drinkin nyquil 2 kill u 4 good   thnx 4 making my day really great so far    not! honestly though, get the hell away from me   love  lo"
      ugh  just shoot me already     
ewwwwwwwwwwwww! that's nasty 
"2 days  4 hot showers, 6 doses of medicine and 2,869 tissues later, and i still havent made any progress with this damn cold   "
"damn you fb, sorry if you leave a comment and i dont respond, apparently fb doesnt care about what i have to say at the moment  nice going "
"<propmale> and i are both really sick   i'm thinking its the beloathed step throat  isnt that fantastic? im supposed to get covered by health insurance on feb 1st, so i get sick on <propfirst> 27th well well well isnt that ironic? <propfemale> doesnt get sick either which is a great thing but mommy and daddy cant keep up with her when we are both miserable   "
good mornig everyone!!!! i am feeling much better today! i cant smell a thing but that doesnt matter to me   thnking about hitting up old navy with the gift card i have then off to platos closet to try and sell some clothes that i dont wear anymore   woot woot fun day for momma!  that is if <propmale> is feeling better   
"woo and hooo! nothing better than getting completely loaded and going to taco <propfemale> in the middle of the night when all the other fast food places are closed        yeah, i come alive in the night time       love ing life right now "
 love  you guys!!!
good night everyone  im feeling like a hippy i think that means its night night time  love 
woah my nipples almost broke off when i walked outside this morning jsyk lmao
"my neighbors pipes froze last night and burst this morning    for a second i though we lived next to a waterfall, it was so loud! it was a lot of water    omg its sad to say, but im glad it wasnt our house!"
good morning! time for a smoke and a diet pepsi!
hurray for me i just did an hour and a half of an ass busting work out  i cant say that i didnt have to push myself  it was hard but i know i did a good job and it was worth it 
"thank you cruel subconscience for making me have amazing dreams at times  i love when i wake up and the entire thing i dreamed about vanishes into thin air like it never happened  sometimes my dreams are better than any real life could ever be  i would appreciate it if you stopped teasing me  oh yeah, and my abs are on fire today after yesterdays ass kicking   love  go me!"
"okay  my whole family is pretty much from pittsburgh  i am a pittsburgh fan  i am tired of all the green bay fans running their mouths  we shall see my dear friends    but watch out! if the steelers do win, im going to talk so much shit that not even a firearm could shut me up     im just saying     may the best team win  love "
"okay tired of sports, tired of cold weather, totally over being sick, and im completely over the <propfirst> 8th shootings  must we keep talking about the same subjects over and over? lets find something new to talk about    ideas?"
feeling great  love  dont know what to do tonight    
"in a total all out punk rock type of mood    (oh and <propfirst>, we didnt get your text from byrds phone it was just blank maybe jonny will be nice enough to let you know)"
i am in such a good mood other than i have to go to a funeral in the next week  all the more reason to party  i hope people party for me when i die  love 
"<propfemale> over  didnt have to try very hard to get one  feeling better than an hour ago, lol  some how this <propfemale> over is <propfemale> <propfemale> burboa's fault   love "
"okay its official  i friggen love pandora com  love  i only have 24 hours left for the whole month  if this addiction gets any worse, i may have to pay for the upgrade to pandora 1"
"dear <propfemale> simpson, i love your jeans but if they get any tighter, im going to have to use a crane and a fork lift to zip them "
wtf facebook i cannot see my comments!
"just now, my blow dryer tried to kill me   "
"holy crap, now that was a nightmare  woke up crying  my brain had no control over this one  <propmale> said my lips were moving like i was talking to someone  jesus, i didnt even know it was a dream until my eyes forced themselves open     i hate those ones "
my snake just died     he drowned in his water    im very sad  heart-broken   r i p  <propfirst>  we love you 
snake may have an upper resperitory infection or may have an illness called mouth rot   mouth rot = higly curable  upper resperitory infection - most likely dead snake   heart-broken 
"i swear to all that is holy if today gets any worse, the conditions in this neighborhood are going to reach egypt status    in other words, there is going to be a riot "
drinking the sorrows of today away   seems legit  im emotionally fried today  i keep trying to be positive all i can tell you is hopefully tomorrow will be better  im tired  good night 
my snake is still the same as last night  not looking too good  i feel so bad because there is nothing i can do for him to ease his pain   heart-broken 
stop being such a drama <propfemale>  suck it up and act like a man damn it!
"my snake officially died this morning  i think i got most of my sadness out yesterday though so now its time to move forward  unfortunately, <propmale> is at work so i have to break the news to him  thats the hardest part  r i p  <propfirst>, we love you "
ahhhh tgif for sure 
i love you all in my little facebook world!  love 
"i have the best friends in the whole wide world! thanks everyone for making me happy when i was down and giving me space to pick on you all, and for not taking me too seriously!"
"ive made up my mind that i will get my mustang by the end of the year   its not a dodge challenger, but frankly, those are way more e playful ensive  still job hunting though  thats crappy "
stupid funeral i have to go to later today  im sorry about your loss but i dont even know this person  going to be a long day luckily for me im still drinking so hopefully i will just have to focus on surviving the <propfemale> over 
fine macy's! its not like i really wanted to go work for you anyway!
"i was going to write something clever here this morning, but now i am just wasting time and fb space because i couldnt think of anything at the moment "
"seriously, don't call me a dork unless you want trouble "
anyone happen to have lil' <propmale> cds i could borrow for a day so that i may put them on my mp3 player? lemme know! thanks!
thanks <propfirst> riddick for the cds young money is the best! i will give them back to <propfirst> in a day or two 
"not feeling like myself tonight  i felt tired so i thought i could fall asleep, but i couldnt stop staring at the ceiling  *sigh* i wish i could pin point the reason for my distress, i think i know but i just dont want to deal with it  sounds like its time for a drink   love "
still feeling a little funky today  i need a pick me up  im feeling very reserved and im hoping someone can break me out of this shell im apparently in   i dont think i have ever been in a phase like this  i dont even feel like talking or laughing  what is wrong???? i guess i will just be quiet and watch everyone around me instead
really enjoying life today  love 
"yay rescued a dog running down la cholla this morning, called animal control to find the owner and now i am proud to say im saving the world one puppy at a time! go me!  sweet dog its name was <propmale>  the owner had no idea he got out but was nice enough to meet me at circle k to pick him up "
i'm      still        tired             going        back       to         sleep  zzzzzz
"haha checked fb this morning, like 15 people poked me  wtf? haha"
"hey! random question, does anyone know if the super target on <propmale> and oracle has 40s? (beer, that is)"
"wait! i think im about to have a total nerd dork geek moment  ok here it goes     my -ness called, it wants its awesome back   love  haha"
                that's just how i roll 
haters gon hate        
"hello beautiful fb friends, i hope everyone is having a good friday, as i am about to party til the sun comes up   love "
"the vicoria secret store at tucson mall pissed me off  wtf   no, i do not plan on shopping at your store anymore  sorry, i will put my money to better use somewhere else "
"wow, i must have done something right this week, people keep blowing up my facebook! lol good thing i dont give my phone number to too many people, i would never get to sleep at night!  love  you all!"
"about to hit up the super wal-mart on cortaro with me pops  i dread the walmart  parents let their kids run around like animals  and i will push people if they get in my way  i think i am the worst person in the world to go to wal mart with  as soon as i get into the parking lot, my agressiveness switches in to high and im ready to throw down  wish me luck haha"
i am not a very happy camper today  its a long story   whatev 
a los <propfemale> area code called my phone this morning  i got so much swag even hollywood wont lay off          haha
"you could pout all day for all i care, im not going to give into your shinannigans this time, compadre "
giving my squirrel a sqeaky hampster wheel in my room behind my computer desk = worst  idea  ever 
going to me-ma's house for dinner  hurray!
so full  stuffed pork chops are the best! thanks meeeeeemaaaaaaa!
"going to chicago in august!!!!!! i cant wait to get out of tucson! im going to roll around on lake michigan's beach all damn day  im so excited!!!! our first family trip! <---------its just going to take forever to get there because <propmale> refuses to take a plane, so instead we are going to take like a 20 hour train ride  someone better give me some xanex or something! never been on a train    love  stoked!"
^--------thats right  i dont need to elaborate -------^
yay going to malica's baby shower! i am so flipping excited i cant even stand it  leaving now see ya later fb friends  love 
malica's baby shower = best  day  ever  i love you guys!  love   pics soon 
"yesterday rocked, as in, ??? rocked  went to malica's kick ass party, had a couple beers there, then came home, put the kid to bed, got super loaded and ate some ribs  i wish everyday could be that good "
 love  chili's online ordering    its becoming a problem  o o
<propfirst> fucking schaeffer  no way 
why the hell am i awake so early????
woah ya'll blew up my facebook <propfemale>! haha
i love you all!  love   love   love 
jesus! 16 more notifications after the 30 this morning holy crap guys!
just checked my e-mail account  137 new notifications from facebook in the last 3 days!!!!
"hahaha jonny, check your girl  you dont want it to get ugly up in here "
really right now? omg this bitch is pissing me off  thank god fb has a block button so i dont have to deal with her dumb ass 
fuck bitches  get money 
my day is going much better i think everyone just needed to laugh a little bit 
ahhh    what a long day finally going to bed fb world!!! see ya all on the flip side nighty night!!!!
neighborhood yard sale = fucking ridiculous  i can barely get out of my driveway and these people are taking up my whole street  wtf? drove around it for a minute and almost got hit like 3 times  they advertised it in the az daily <propfemale> so im pretty sure every bargain <propmale> and little old grandma is in the hood right now  funs over now go home!
"i love <propfemale>, but she gets sooooo mad sometimes!!!"
nothing better than saturday night!!!!  love 
too much blood in my alcohol stream this morning  love 
"bbq w  eriks little bro today  awesome and yummy! and, thanks safeway, for putting 12 packs of guiness on sale for $8!"
"okay, this ones for you <propfirst>, no wire hanger!!!!!!!  love  you"
mmkay people  im going to bed but i e playful ect a blown up <propfemale> in the morning because i love you all!
"^ is strongly irritated @  phoenix health plan for listing my daughter as \inactive\""  what a bunch of shit im going to have to do now to get her eligibility back  great  just what i wanted to deal with first thing after waking up  thanks assfuzzies!"""
what an interesting day going to start the haters album lol get ready!
hahahaha haters  is coming out really good lol i think i will put like a thousand hours into it to make it epic 
drinking a beer with <propfirst> riddick   hell yeah  thanks <propfirst>ny 
drinking a mt  dew w  vodka  great! about to grill lamb chops with the bf  lo breezy = totally content 
"thinking about doing a cover of \we be steady mobbin'\"" by lil' <propmale> feat  gucci mane haha i know almost all the words but its a 2 person job so who wants to make a fool of themselves with me????"""
listen to the damn song  my video camera isnt uploading right but the lyrics start at :5 and end at  smile 7 if you read it right 
yes people i know im a dork  haha its ok you just keep telling me stuff i already know 
"what a rough night  attempted to go to bed at the typical 2 smile 0, after a pretty good night only to have <propfemale> wake up  so i go in her room and discover that she took all of her clothes off and peed on her bed  sad   where the hell is the dislike button??? anyway after all is said and done i didnt get to bed until almost 5 now i have to take <propmale> to work and all this other shit  today is going to be long "
"maybe someone can help me out  i am trying to learn <propfemale> minaj's part in <propmale> that, and i got it all friggen down except for one fucking word  and that word is          asalamalakum  how is this word pronounced? she says it so quick that i cant hear it right  help and i will put the part im doing up here "
"oh lord i am uploading this video  its like my first try guys so dont laugh at me! i will make a better one later after i take a shower so that i can actually put my fa\ce on the camera lol  if i butchered a word forget about it  like i said first shot so       we shall see hahaha"
omg hahahahahaha rotflmao at myself fuckin a hahahahaha
"i put the video on youtube!  i didnt want my face in there bc i wasnt showered yet  i will remake it later  but for now, listen to it @ youtube com lobreezy1123"
my grandpa died 12 years ago on st  patricks day so i dont wear green  but grandpa i love you hope youre still resting in peace!!!
"anyone tries to pinch me, im gonna slap 'em"
"omg  best  st  patricks day  ever  my grandma, uncle, aunt and i did like 5 sambuka shots together  f'in epic   now its time for the real party to start lol "
"woo!!!!!! getting loaded with the bf,  today was awesome "
got lost in <propmale> moore's voice today   love  fftl
"anyways, what up peeps?"
"tisk, tisk, some people are idiots and are deleting and blocking me for my haters album haha its like the 3rd person now   damn where is your sense of humor? oh wait you must have never had one if you cant take a f'ing joke  the haters album is a joke you dumb asses!"
"do you really think that i care if i offend you? hahaha laughing my ass off, no "
i'm coming to getcha!!!!! rawr! haha
"<propfirst>, your street turned my tires brown  now they look like shit haha they match the rest of the car too much  i demand a free car wash! haha"
feeling awesome overly confident today! hurray!
go cats! beer and brats for the game  so much fun  love 
haha i just checked my myspace for the first time in a year haha it still sucks  probably wont check it again for another year lmao  it would be cool if it was the old myspace but all the new shit has got to go 
"dear dishes, please learn how to wash yourselves  you waste too much time out of my day  thanks   p s  i hate you "
"wooo! sweet 16! watch out duke, we're comin to get ya!!!!!"
"this is a little off my usual goofy comments, but i have a genuine question that i need help with  i'm going to start potty training my 2yr old daughter tomorrow  any suggestions on a good way to get her started? im nervous about the process but i want to get these diapers the hell away from me  2 1 2 years of diapers is long enough!!!! plus we want to get her into a big girl bed soon "
"anyways, im going to take a bath but i will come back online if you stick around long enough  love  its going to be a long night of facebooking   smile "
okay everyone heres a great fill in the blank question  i will answer first but be sure to put your 2 cents in  only in tucson              ?
i put the kid to bed a while ago and am now having a drink     typically 
"just waking up! passed out last night  too much drink, not enough sleep  \feeling better now "
bitch i'm awesome 
cleaning my garage = huge pain in my ass   annoyed 
"aw man, wtf is going on??? i come on here ya'll are blowin up my <propfemale> like im cool or something  is my awesomeness showing again????"
"ah another one down in the books  time to take a bath, eat something and not have a drink after my crazy mix up with vodka and <propfemale> 7up last night        love  you fb friends, i will be back later slaying dragons one at a time  also, \stay classy san diego\"""""
well this is turning out to be a great f'ing night   annoyed 
going to get loaded even though its probably not a good idea after last nights mishap 
with jonny lol
"you know what? today (ok, yesterday and part of today) turned out to be alright  thanks jonny for sticking with me til the end  damn im so tired i feel like i got dragged outback and beat with a stick haha"
deuces til later ya'll
"damn, last night was crazy epic exciting   i havent stayed out until 1 in the morning since i was 18  would i do it again? in a second "
"hell yes, my dad just brought me a sausage mcmuffin and hash brown  thank god for that  feeling much better!"
"dearest microwave, clean your own damn self  i do not want to touch that slimy cheese like substance that is turning green in your gut  pass  okaythanksgoodbye "
go u of a!
fuck yeah arizona!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what does a brotha gotta do to get some food around this bitch????  haha
"hey! my eyes are up here, no, those are not my eyes! hahahahaha"
"thanks everyone for being the best friends a girl like me could ever ask for  i  love  ya'll  (and no <propfirst>, its not all lies and slander      = p)"
"haha thats not the first time ive been called a milf! silly boys,,,,,, lmao "
"no foo, your green corn tamales do not turn me on hahahaha loser "
omg i amuse myself too much sometimes  laughing this much should be illegal 
"i got so smashed last night  <propmale> and i stayed up til 5 watching jeepers creepers haha  two more things; jonny, we may be taking a ride to ghettoville later idk yet  and 2,  kick their asses u of a!!!!!!"
hello loves! is everyone's sunday going well?
hhhhmmmmm   i need to get the hell out of this state before i go insane  thats all 
los betos carne asada burritos @ midnight = amazing 
i deleted all the people off my <propfemale> who never say anything to me  it went from 127 down to 109 lol  im not a facebook whore i am not going to add you just so my face can make your <propfemale> look better lol 
finishing muh hair            ultimate blondeness almost achieved 
epic ultimate platinum blonde status achieved!
awesome day  thanks guys!
"this is good  i went to applebees last night to pick up my carside to go order, i sat at the bar, and for the first time in my life i had one of those moments where everyones eyes were on me  friggen crazy  i take it as a compliment but at the same time, it makes me nervous  hahahaha"
"haha dear car, i wish you would take yourself threw emissions today and not drag me down with you  btw, i hate you and i will be trading you in for something much better and newer asap whenever that may be  so for now, pass the god damn emissions test unless you want to be driven into silverbell lake like las time  thankshaveanicedaygoodbye,  love  lo breezy"
hurray no silverbell lake for this girls car!
me = about to get down on a 24oz smirnoff raspberry followed by an endless number of wine coolers  im pretty sure i will have a headache tomorrow   love  you guys but the probability of me coming baack on fb tonight is about - 0000001% 
"getting tired of all these 14, 15, and 16 year old people everywhere on fb! why the hell couldnt you guys have kept the old rule that you have to be 18?  i mean 14 year old dudes are hitting on me and little slutty girls are all up on my guy friends pages  im so tired of it! no my friend will not sleep with you so you can try to get on teen mom  go waste your time somewhere else   >frustrated<"
"oooops, im sorry, you just got deleted and blocked  too bad youre a bitch  this was never going to work out  lol and tell your little whores to kiss my ass "
i woke up pissed off at the world today   from first to last is helping me e playful el some anger but i still feel all righled up  who wants to volunteer for me to punch them so i could feel better? hahaha just kidding   but still  i hope i can get out of this fog soon 
"ari <propfirst>, <propfirst> sloppy schumacher and i are taking over the world one idiot at a time   love "
i feel much better now that i ate some chicken wings and took a nap  i went from        > annoyed     to  =p
woo im feeling much better today! lets see what kind of shinanigans i can get myself into on april foo's day hahaha  *evil grin here*
"hey guys, im looking for a good april fools day prank to play on my dad  any suggestions?"
my porcelain skin cannot take this bullshit heat  i look like a tomato when i get a sunburn  wtf?
did malica's water really break or is she april foolin us???????????????? someone tell me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i now know 2 <propfirst> riddicks  lol how am i going to tell them apart?????
"ok  i know i have said this many times, but i think i should say it again for the record     i'm awesome   and, i gotta throw this in too, dontcha wish <propfemale> girlfriend was hot like me?  oops  there i go again   smile "
"okay starting fresh, today is going to be a good day no matter what  i decided "
<propfirst> + new truck = me extremely envious!
<propfirst> you never answered my question!
"    and since today is f**k you day, f**k you! hahaha"
"this is so bad but i heard it last night so i have to say it     why did god give women smaller feet?                                                                              \                                                                so they could stand closer to the stove! ahahaahha"
"how do you know a blonde has been in the fridge?               \                                                                       all the cucumbers are wet  omg hahaha"
feeling irritated at this moment  grrr 
"dear <propfirst>, i dislike you more and more everyday  must be nice to get everything you want handed to you when other people have had to work for what they want  i dont mean to sound jealous but truth is, you suck  so stop complaining when you dont get your way  some of us never get a <propmale> in the first place     love  lo breezy"
things are not starting off too well for me today  i might go back to bed and just sleep all day  nothing can be great enough to make me feel better 
one last thought for the morning     i really need a girls night  i am totally over being around things with penises for at least on night 
i want it to be next week already so this nightmare will go away 
wow today got a lot better  thank god!
"<propmale> stress   i have a problem that i need help with  my dad who is being a dumbass, has diabetes and a few months ago he cut his foot really bad  it hasnt healed and his doctor is a rip off  every1 keeps telling him 2 go 2 urgent care we know he has a serious infection and its starting to really screw with him  so my question 2 ya'll is how do i get my stubborn ass dad 2 urgent care? he just wont listen!"
im feeling pretty great today even after 15-17 <propfemale> shots last night!!!!!!!
brownies = awesome 
awe a sweet guy just asked me to go the kfma day with him thats so nice 
oh i almost forgot how awesome i am      good thing i remembered!!!
my ground squirrel died last night  thats two pets in two months  heart-broken 
i feel like my world is caving in  two of my pets are gone now  my dad has a severe mrsa infection and he needs an ultrasound of his stomach to make sure he doesnt have anything really bad  i am so lost right now i dont know  i just dont know       
"just gave my dog ajo a bath  very       interesting, to say the least lol"
"<propmale> and i worked on cutting this branch pile down in our garage until 2 this morning  unfortunately for me, i am the one allergic to mosquite and palo verde trees  ugh do i even have a nose? and those stupid pokey thorns i got hit like 10 times and everywhere i got hit has a swollen small red circle around it hahaha thank god for benadryl  otherwise pretty fun   smile "
"whos awesome and sexy and fun? oh, thats right, me!  jus sayin       "
"iiight foos, listen up>  my compadre got f'd in the a when he bought his truck the other day  i am talking biggest rip off ever  so i got this number to the truck place and i need as many of you as i can get to call and play some games with these people  anyone down? i will post the number as soon as people tell me they'll do it  nothing threatening or harrassing, keep it clean and classy  now, whos down?"
"i love you all!  love  (and no <propfirst>, not all lies, slander or excuses  me = win)"
god i hate going to bed knowing how friggen amazing i am  oops i didnt mean to type that lol
yep  i am definately going back to bed for a few hours      so tired still      
blah  i am tired of waiting!!!!!!!
"i feel great today   i don't exactly know why im so happy but whatev, i'll take it!"
i had an awesome day  everything just went right  smile 
"hey! guess what?????                                              i\m awesome!"""
"i can feel the boredness creeping up on me     what to do, what to do?"
"why do i even drink beer? every time i do, i swear, even if its just a sip i get all f'd up lol    but i ran out of wine last night so the only thing available was e's 40   yum gotta love the jet fuel "
"totally on the dubstep bandwagon   jsyk if it becomes an epidemic, or a pandemic, <propmale> and i were on that shit first "
im only going to say this once and i will make it as clear as possible           i hate twilight  i dont want to read it or watch it or talk about it   thats all 
yay! my dad doesn't have cancer!  but they are still trying to find out what the problem is 
"well what can i say   drinking = awesome that must mean since i am drinking that i as well, am awesome "
hey guys       sorry if i offended anyone last night       me and drunken facebooking at 4 am dont get along     so! if i said anything rude to you i am sorry 
im starting to feel better i think  i still feel dizzy when i stand up  too much blood in my alcohol stream again  ha 
on the phone with my dad hes grumpy    annoyed 
"\what the fuck was that for?!?\""   <------ best line of the night  haha """
good fucking go to work and leave me alone for a minute you are acting like a 5 year old 
i  love  you guys!!!!!! just thought ya'll should know! i dont say it nearly enough!
"god! i thought i was bored with <propmale> here       its even worse when he's not  sad   i miss him   dont tell him that though i dont want him getting too excited   and, i love him   a lot  i wish i wasnt such a bitch to him sometimes   he's such a wonderful daddy  he takes care of <propfemale> so well   and, he takes care of me too  everyone else just wants to see me naked but he actually cares "
well at least i cleared things up with <propfirst>  i had no idea that the other half of that lighter blew into his truck the other night! i feel bad now   at least no damage was done except to eriks leg when the other half rocketed into it  haha no more blowing up lighters outside the front door at 130 am
damn im tired tonight  going to bed early i think  annoyed 
damn i have accomplished a lot already today  been up since 5:45 cleaning and right now i am getting ready to make <propfemale>'s easter baskets  smile    i get more joy out of her having fun during holidays than i ever had personally  i love her so much!
i think im finally starting to figure out who i really am as a person   it must be because im getting so damn old! im going to need fake teeth and a <propmale> soon  ha!
ugggghhhhh! can my dad ever be on time like maybe once?  he was supposed to pick up <propmale> at 3 and hes barely getting on the freeway! this is fing ridiculous!  <propmale> is going to be royally pissed off  we are supposed to be at my grandmas by 530   knowing my dad they wont even get back til 5  fuckin bullshit! and that is all lol 
wat a fiasco today turned out to be!  thanks <propfirst> riddick for helping me out i couldnt have made it happen without you!!!!
oh  its earth day     i guess i can put my toxic sludge and plastic bags and nuclear power plant away     but only for today  any longer and we might have a problem  ha!
ew  it touched me       haha
wooo im friggen on top of it today     thinking about getting my first red bull in 4 years just so i can say thats what my heart is pumping!
oi! ive really been a slacker this week about keeping up with my fb thingy! lol well im back so ya'll can calm down  i know im friggen awesome but you people need to please relax!
omg malica is in labor!!!!!!!!! im so excited!!!!! keep her in your thoughts guys!
malica's baby may be the cutest thing i have ever seen    smile   except everyone who works at umc is an idiot     
"awe i just got back from visiting malica <propfemale>, <propfirst> long, and baby <propfemale>!!!!! what a cute little family! i  love  you guys!"
"so i lerned a couple things today        1    that plastic grass shit for easter baskets gets everywhere, and i literally mean everywhere   i got that shit stuck to my feet  b  its amazing how holding a newborn baby can make you realize how short life is, and 3   you can never really go home again      <-------ghandi shit right thuuuuur "
"no     i do not need your help being awesome   i got that down to a science  wink  me and ari <propfirst>  figured this out a loooooooooong time ago haha  and, f grammar, even though i already know the appropriate sentence would be ari <propfirst> and i  =p         and on a final note, i am no longer playing the 'poke' game with anyone  it takes too damn friggen long to poke 100 people back  jus sayn"
officially been up for 40 hours   im aboot to crash & hard   eh  haha   deuce bitches   love 
"awe, my poor little <propfemale> has a stomach bug      she cant really keep food down today, i think it was from too much excitement yesterday!  about to get her some crackers and <propfemale> ale   she has already thrown up twice hardcore but she doesnt have a fever so thats a great sign   i hope she feels better soon  i wish it was me so she doesnt have to go through that  this is her first stomach bug   sad "
great off to the best place in the whole fing world  des   to cause a ruckkus about why they cut <propfemale>'s insurance off in december without ever telling me a god damn thing  im pissed!  im bout to go give em a piece of my mind!
"this kid corbin <propfirst> thinks he can out shit tak me      unfortunately for him, he has no <propmale>   ooooh oh what little bitch was i not supposed to use your name? fuck you  <propfemale> me "
ya'll got deleted and blocked    smile   ahhh now back to where i was before all that bullshit 
"    and now, im seriously going to delete all the people on my friends list who never say anything or irritate me  sorry if you get deleted  it wasnt an accident "
"i just went from 120 friends down to 92  thank god! i hate people who just keep adding strangers to make themselves look better  i dont care who knows me   no you do not have 789 friends in real life  no you do not have 1,279 friends in real life  fuck you      and that is all "
"im totally over the girl pants and emo scene hair on guys   im so sick of it  if a dude has better hair than me and his pants are tighter than mine, i have problems  serious "
"i feel relaxed today! not so much rushing as the last few days      and, im bout to go shopping! yay!"
