6521bf61e53307568261da632edf7847
"happy new years everyone!!!!\2011 here i come!!!!!"
goin to bed gdnight fb happy new year hope everyone made it home safe and if ur not home yet be careful on your way home too many crazies out there lol       sweet dreams
my son army crawls all over the place  and the other one talks way too much  i love it tho glad im a momma 
just got hired to work for the us cencus  cant wait  good paying goverment job  finally will be able to buy my kids wat they really nd and not have to worry they dnt have enough  yay me! moving foward!
im like a jet airplane way too high to hear u throwing salt on my name 
shorty imma tell u once u da illest imma die hard for u like <propmale> <propmale> u got spark u got spunk u got suttin all da gurls want u like a <propfemale> store got all the goods
jus got my wisdom teeth taken out im in soooo much pain!
still tender and sore  tired  didn't get a good sleep and to add on to it ha d to get the kids up and early to put em on the bus to school  yawn tired 
why am i up so early! first my son throws up on himself then he parades around cryin for a half hour and can u believe now hes sleep and i cant go back to sleep  why?!!
tired     thoughts racin     wtf is wrong wit me?      im losin my mind     tryna get ova it    
having a crazy day
is having my own amnesty day!!!! ask me wateva and i will not lie no matter wat the question is or if it'll hurt ur feelings! so with that said ask at own risk!
up early  tired and bored  deceiding wat to do today  one of my kids nds to go to the doctors and da other is going to daycare 
happy 420 all u hippies!
tired
is going to see nightmare on elm street tonight! im sooooo iffy such a punk when i comes dowm to scary movies
so champion charter is having a reunion aint that sum shit who's dwn im going interesting to see what everyones been up to 
im a shootin <propfemale> but my feet still on the ground and im hea to shut u down
having a bad fucking day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not in the mood for nobody!!!!! fuck u kiss my ass and go to hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy mothers day to all the mommas! todays our day!
had a good mothers day got to spend it with my two mama boys the loves of my life javari and jayden  being a mom is the best job in the world the best e playful erience in the world wouldnt change it for nuttin in the world 
tryna make this dough makin sum hours driving around knockin at peoples door its crazy but i gotta stack this dough and get my babies wat they need cuz im all they got
had to cut that bitch like nino
im so fucking bored its unbelievable wat to do wat to do!!
i start <propmale> tech june 15 for medical assistant bout time im doing wat needs to be done
havin a bad morning woke up to my nieghbor in my house screaming that my kids were in the hallway when they were supposed to be sleeping smh wtf i hate feeling like a bad mom
just finished enjoying the rain im soaked!!!!! finally some release!!
had a intresting day today  couldnt describe it words so ill just say      wow
cant make it to my sis bday party
had the best time in ne yprk it wasnt the city but it was still the shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
had a fun timed at my nieces bday even tho it was cold as hell outside!!!! brrrrr!!!! now im a lil aggy havin a stupid ass auguement with my mother like always you try to let it go and it keeps going wtf smh why!!!!!
having a bad day
"im tired, bored and hoping to call it a night soon"
i look like yes andd u look like no
kid free for the week what the hell am i gonna do!!!!!! sumone hit me up with sum plans lol
dont want to go to school today been just feeling down and unmotivated i know i need to figure out my life right now and school is not gonna help me i want it but the time just isnt right i need a job not suttin thatll give me a job in a year by then it could be too late who knows just a thought
you are the father lol !!!!!!
like my  status ill inbox u a confession lol  copying  sumone elses status
had a bad fucking day but had a decent nite
wide awake by the time i go bed my kids will be up
tommorow is my son jaydens bday hes gonna be one i cant believe it lol and he still aint walkin yet lmao
yayyyy today is my son jayden's bday he is officially  one!!!! who knew time flies by so fast!!! then i have javari turning two august first!!! damn imma have my hands full lol
thanks everyone who wished my son many birthday wishes!!! thanks for the love he had a great birthday
damn just woke up the kids missed the bus and itss too late to drop em off!! fuck!!!! so much for going back to sleep!! im tired as a muthafucka and my stomach is hurting me i think imma throw up!! why smh fml!!!
so tired of the bullshit in my life i just want to run away
had to cancel my sons party hoping to throw it next month with my nieces party lets see how it works out cuz my kids deserve it
i will never understand how a muthafucka can put themselves in bizness that dnt affect them mind urs and let me mind mine bitchez
still up      bored as hell     im tired but cant fall asleep have too much on my mind       why wont it just go all away???
today is my son javari's birthday he's two years old!!!!!!!!!!! yay the terrible twos not looking foward to that!!!! he already thinks hes grown lol!!!! happy birthday javari!!!!!
does it matter what i do as long as my kids are fed clothed bathed it shouldnt matter right?
"if only women could jump on themsleves and have a baby so we wouldnt have to deal with deadbeats, losers, and dumb ass men  glad to be a single mom! shoutout to alll the single moms out there doing what needs to be done"
anybody tryna buy sum full breed boxer pups they come with papers their first shots and tails and ears clipped 650 each
bout to close my facebook tired of fake ass niggas and dumb ass bitches so imma just disappear and have muthafuckas kiss my ass!! i just really hope that u miss me when im gone! im nevver coming back
went to the gym today and did sum zumba that shit is a hot mess lol i made my race look bad llol nuttin but salsa and merengue lmfao
im so tired of people claiming to have my back and do favors for me then <propfemale> it comes down to the nitty gritty u wanna play hide and seek tired of the bullshit this is why i dnt do chancces
awww man im so tired     put the kids to bed now bored out my mind    cant sleep sumone talk to me til i knockout
"so my son javari comes home today and sits at the table saying hes hungry so i give him sum chicken  nuggets and he says \mmm i like chicken\"" lol hes only two smh"""
the nerve of sum people     
so    i wanna cut my hair really short but dont trust myself to do it    anybody kno how to cut hair really good     for free or cheap
wishin i can  get all my questions answered so i can move on and forgive annd forget
waveeeeyyyyyy
watcing my kids play monkey see monkey do and laughing how the change roles between the leader and the follower      waiting for the bd to come so we can take the kids to the park    hopefully he dnt take long     kids are getting restless
i bet the neighbors kno my name     lol i love that song
anybody wanna buy a rock band two set for 120 comes with the game drums guitar and a mic
i got a job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay me!!!!!!!
can sumone please bring me a  cig im at home
cant believe i got a job!!! lol its a good feeling now i dont have to depend on other people to help me out!! im still tryna sell my rockband set for xbox360!!!
im desperatte anyone wanna buy a rock band two set for xbox360!!!!
tired    standing on ur feet for a long period of time is no joke     but all in all gotta get this money       *deep sigh* goodnight fb friends      
u can shoot me now but i wont down u can shoot me down but i wont fall downnnn lol im b ored my remix to nas's u can hate me now
pride and love is like oil and water they dont mix
my  birthday is next thursday!!!!!! ill finally be 21!!!!  whoooooooo  cant wait!!!!!
ugh  cant sleep     jus finished playin sum rockband and now im bout to eat and see if i can knock out    text me if u got the number gdnight everyone else
sumtimes i wish we can go back to the old days when ur first love remained ur first love or when ur first time remained ur only time     damn the past makes u think alot wish the past could just dissapear
my birthday is in 5 more days yay finally gonna be 21 countin the days ahh cant come any sooner even more proud to be a mama to two baby boys they are my life
treat a man like a dog and hell stay if u let him treat a man with dignity and respect and hell walk right over u to get to the woman who treats him like shit shit doesnt jus happen bullshit makes shit happen and nice women finish right along with nice guys last too ba the good ones dont pair up before they get bitter
birthday is in 3 more days cant wait!
my bday is in two days i cant wait and my brothers bday is tommorow he'll be 26 and i'll be 21 yah baby its funny being a day apart from my brother
"today is my brothers birthday!!! happy birthday to my big brother i love u and im proud of u!!! tommorow is my birthday!!! i cannot wait to be 21    ahh feels like it took forever to get here!! im glad i made it, thanx to both my babies!! i love my family!!"
jus got off work my feet are killing me def in need for a foot rub whos tryna give  me one lol anyway my bday is tommorow and no work so whoever  wanna chillor take me out call me lemme know
it is officially nov 4th but im still not twenty one til i fall asleep and wake up but feel free to show sum birthday love anyway im going to bed goodnight fb
officially 21 yay me!!!!!!! proud i made it this far wit my two lil boys by my side!!! thanks to everyone who has showed me love so  far!! muaah xoxoxoxo
"still enjoying my birtday nightwit my roadies moode, blu, and <propfirst> <propfemale> fell asleep but she still had fun with me too love my real  friends also im waveeyyyy"
hungover     day two of my birthday weekend  was crazy!!!! got tonite off then work tommorow so im partying til then lol hmu wit sum plans
life can only be understood backwards but must be lived foward
might be getting my first tattoo tonite im nervous as all hell hope i dnt back out ull know once u see the pic
got itt
feel like joining my fb friends ask me a question in my inbox and ill answer it on my status
your jus a bad guy who wont settle down with  a good girl and im the bad girl who wont settle down with a good guy       random thoughtzzzz        so bored sumone hit me up    
any one still doing the q and a's im bored
come support my big bro mos blunted at the black friday 90's party at 283 north <propmale> street here in brockton it starts at 7 smile 0 pm 18+ to get in and of course 21+ to drink and its only 5 dollars to get in     its worth it my brothers a beast its also like a club so u can dance to other music in between performances please go!!!!!! lol oh and its this friday november 26th
come check out my bros show 283 north quoncy street at the v  f w  going on right now  no performances have  hapoened yet so if ur lucky u might catch one come on five  dollars to get in 18+
never ever ever ever be friends on facebook with sumone ur dealing with!!!! ugh smh somethings are jus better left unknown but its funny how true colors come  to show      hmmm damn gdnight fb think imma jus finally go to bed       too much on my mind      
is feeling heartbroken and wanna shut down
ugh wat a mornin already
single!
rain rain go away thats wat all my haters say
"\fear knocked at the door  faith answered  nothing was there  face your fears ; otherwise they will <propmale> you around\"" real talk first quote of the day"""
whea did all the real men go? the ones that hold a woman down no mattter how many responsibilities they have and all the drama they have? i nd a man like that
remy and red bull tonite then get blunted wit the roadies
bout to hop in this game i c everyone doin inbox me a number 1-800 and ill post a memory of us wit that number on my status
inbox me any number 0-infinity any number at all  and ill repost it wit how i feel about u
#69 whea do i kno u from
#143 i think that u are very beautiful ur  daughter is beautiful i wish we woulda talked more in school u seem very chill
inbox me any number 0-infinity any number at all  and ill repost it wit how i feel about u
#150 i think that ur cool as hell its been years since weve been in the same room
#26 i wish u woulda stayed my brothers gurl lol
#999 i think ur a hot mess lmao jk i think u need to come over here and let me take care of u lol
#333 its been years since ive seen u we go way back to elementary school wish we woulda stayed in contact wit each other
#23 i miss u to fuckin death i miss the time spent between us its bn years i still love u ur always gonna be my bestie
keep the <propfirst> comin this is getting tto be fun
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> send em send em send em
787 get a life lol jus saw u earlier and now ur botherin me lol
keep the <propfirst> coming nutttin else to do
30 ur mad chill even tho i dnt have many memories with u
23 ur my homegurl 4 life i love u 2 death dnt b a stranger
111770 ur  like my second mom i may not agree wit half the stuff u have to say but i love u and my sisters all in the same way
im startin a new game cuz the number game got old how bout ive never ill post suttin if u never like it then repost wit suttin see how many people u compare wit
ive never had a threesum
gdnight fb
ive never driven drunk
if u could have ur way wit me for 24 hours wat would we do doesnt have to sexual at all! inbox ur answers and it will be jus between me and u then repost and see how many people want their way wit u
71 i do got a thing for u u a gd dude who i started diggin awhile back so now we can test the waters and c wea it goes hopefully itll lead sumwhea
king23 even after all these years i think about u all the time and wish things woulda ended up differently between us we woulda been married by now lol wit kids
10 03 10 dat date dont mean nuttin for us lol but u cool as hell u got ur days were u get on my nerves but other than we cool peoples
chylen wit dis chiick who drives me insane but she always gonna be around she knos it too sory to whoever her boo is cuz she wit me now lol
goin to bed aggy and lonely funny how quick the mood can change goin to bed where i can escape gdnight fb friends
bored as hell sumone please have a convo wit me
have u <propfemale> thought so much that it made ur heart race to the point wea it wants to jump out ur chest & u want to cry for no reason? feelin lost and confused
"so my one year old is pulling dow my sports bra so when ii ask him wat hes lookin for he says \titties\"" lol and hes only one"""
who knew pajamas were still a fashion statement lol smh
havin a bad day my son broke the battery on my phone so now i have no phone and then had to walk to my moms house in the rain  bcz i had nobody to give me a ride im so frustrated and aggravted jus feel like breakin down
looks like imma be out of a phone for awhile i need a new battery sumone help me!
2010 is almost over hope 2011 is my year
2010 is almost over! trying to get over this year and look foward to the new year! with that said getting rid of anything held back over the year  inbox only ask me a question and i will answer it i will do this til the clock strikes midnight january 1st 2011 !!!!! you can ask as many questions as u want i will answer them 100 percent honest dont ask if ur not ready for the answer
got a battery for my phone now happy as fuck hit me up
good morning fb not feeling good at all and had a crazy ass dream that i cant seem to figure out wat it means but i know there was good luck in  the craziest part of my dream ugh bad night bad morning ugh smh sumone come take care of me
happy <propfirst> lol love ya big bro gdnight
yellow
today im red pink
"i cant believe how long ive been wachin maury     i miss <propmale> lake,  <propfemale> jones, when the fights on <propfirst> springer looked real smh watchin tv bored hmu"
whos tryna be stuck wit me during this snow storm hmu : )
2010 is almost over       if your real enough inbox me something uve been wanting to tell me all year        itll stay between me and u
"four 17\ rims and tires for sale ask for my number ill send u a pic"""
aggy need more sleep but my kids wont let me lol thats bein a mom or else id let them run around me and sleep hoping to do sum laundry today
silence scares me   it gives me too much time to think       ---
"life is all about ass    you're either covering it, laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, busting it, trying to get a piece of it or behaving like one      anonymous"
"it's funny  in school you're taught a lesson, then givin a test  but in life, you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson       ---"
i want to look back and be able to smile at my past and know that i did all the wrong things for all the right reasons      indigo <propmale>
people are made to be loved and things are made to be used    the confusion in this world is that people are being used and things are being loved      ---
there's going to come a point where you have to give up your whole life for one thing    or give up that one thing for a whole other life      ---
"behind every beautiful thing, there is some kind of pain     ---"
"you cannot protect two things at the same time   if you don't make a decision, you will lose both       ---"
"we all have our own book of life  we're just trying to find someone who can read it and understand it  or better yet, help us finish writing it        ---"
everyone is in love with the impossible; the impossible gives you neverending dreams and neverending hopes        philippos
the less you talk the more people think about your words       thought provoker
"if you are depressed, you are living in the past  if you are anxious, you are living in the future  if you are at peace, you are living in the present        ---"
"if you look inside a girls heart, you'd see how much she really cries, you'll find hidden secrets, best friends and lies, but what you'll see the most is how hard it is to stay strong when nothing is right and everythings wrong       ---"
"life is not like a pencil, if you make a mistake,it can't be erased  life is more like a pen, you can use white out to cover it up , but you'll always be reminded of the spot where you made a mistake      ---"
i'm a liar because i don't tell you everything       ---
goin to bed gdnight fb
currently watchin 20 20 this shits crazy
sprite and <propfemale>
what color best describes you? -- my result: red  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 423774 referrals status?aid=503423625
chilled wit my baby justice last night missin my stubby so much cant wait for her to come back!!
so fuckin aggy right now!!!!!  someone please please come and shoot me in my fuckin head cuz my head is about to fuckin e playful lode!!!!! worst fuckin day ever!!!!!!
wishin i was home right now      tired and fed up      someone please come and save me      woke up aggy and losing my mind
sitting here with tha stubby and our babies watching cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs until we all knockout i love my new extended family we the shit lol
gd morning fb jus made sum breakfast for the kiddies and stubby now cleanin and taking care of stubby she's not feelin so good
feeling    (sigh) i don't kno how to feel    i hate feeling like this    gdnite fb
can't sleep    too much on my mind    i jus wanna go to bed    (sigh)
gdnite fb feelin a lot better than last nite finally seeing things for wat it really is smh going to bed wit a semi smile on my face watchin a movie wit my luv
someone text me i'm bored as hell and my luv is gettin on my nerves lol
gettin my tat redone comin out crispy look for pics soon
my back hurts like hell lol but my tat came ot nice
jus found out my titi from my stepfathers side is dying and my uncles wife died can't believe this man smh i can't fuckin believe this
aggravated beyond the <propmale> i'm so mad i jus wanna fuckin cry
has anyone seen <propfirst> blart mall cop? does anyone kno the song he got wasted to?
the less you talk the more people think about your words       thought provoker
people always say they want a new life or they want to start over  well the truth is you get that <propmale> everyday but choose not to change it      ---
music was her life & the lyrics were her story     ---
"isnt it ironic, we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, hurt those who love us, and love those who hurt us?     ---"
"some days you just have to let the tears fall  whether for joy or sorrow  they do not mean you're weak  they mean you're strong enough to let go of pain, or literally flowing over with happiness        "
don't let your past ruin your present  it is not worth for your future        
one day your life will flash before your eyes  make sure its worth watching        ---
happy valentines day fb! hopin to spend the day wit my stubby and do suttin nice jus need a babysitter any volunteers lol enjoy y'all valentines fb
spending my v-day wit the sis and the kiddies     smh valentines day is jus another day   
why are mothers so aggravating??? i really hope i'm not that bad <propfemale> my kids get older
jus put sum videos of my kids dancing if u need a good laugh check it out and like it
ugh why am i awake right now     and to add on to it fell asleeo doin laundry and now i'm back to it
check out the new photos they funny as hell
had a fucked up dream      now can't sleep at all smh bakin til all my kids wake up got a full house today    gd morning fb here starts my day    
"if something's broke, fix it  if you don't know how, learn  if you're not willing to learn, don't complain about it  if it can't be fixed, then accept it, and move on        ---"
"if you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been        <propmale> kanadi"
who's selling a ps3?? need one for cheap
willing to buy it tonite
had a bad intresting night but now my morning is going a lot better     1-21-11 the day ill never forget that's the day i met my stubby
are soulmates real? could u meet sumone now and everyday feel like <propfemale> vu? #jus askin
"how can a baby who can barely talk \baby talk\""? my son does it really well lol it makes me wonder how many people still talk to him like a baby and he's 2!"""
can't sleep got alot on my mind
ahh feeling so relaxed jus left the spa with the stubby it was soooooo worth the money     kid free too ahh today is my day!!!
jus got a new tat!!! ur gonna lose ya mind people     pics comin soon
people make good choices and some people make bad choices either way all choices are made and there's no turning back it takes more to fix it then to break it
"always remember that in life, whatever we do, we are never defeated unless we give-up     "
don't know how to feel today     hopefully the day will get better before i lose my mind
there are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day 
"all of the clocks in the movie \pulp fiction\"" are stuck on 4:20 """
"on average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily "
in the mood to get sum stuff off my chest      hmu inbox only
"in psychology, a believer is someone who accepts something before checking it out scientifically whereas the skeptic is someone who does not accept something until it has been verified scientifically  most psychologists are skeptics "
"in mild retardation, iqs range from 50 to 70 "
"each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the united states "
"smelling bananas and or green apples (smelling, not eating) can help you lose weight!"
someone on earth reports seeing a ufo every three minutes 
if president obama announced tommorow that there was officially nomore <propmale> how would u react and wat would u do??
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh enough said
my two year old jus beat up my girlfriend fuckin funny as hell
up wit my baby jayden    javari and justice are still sleep especially the battle them two had last nite
did u know 99% of people cannot lick their elbow  are u the 1% that can?
feeling misunderstood    feeling like my fuckin emotions don't matter     your right i give up     letting life take its corse
how can a good day turn into a bad nite?? gn fb
"dear haters, i couldn't help but notice that awesome ends with\me\"" and ugly starts with \""u\""  smile """
"haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success "
"you know my name, not my story  you've heard what i've done, not what i've been through  so stop judging me "
"sometimes you have to run away so you can see who will run after you  sometimes you have to speak softer, just to see who?s actually listening  sometimes you have to take a step back, to see who's still standing by your side ? http annoyed  pi pe -zzld96"
ever have one of those days where your middle finger answers e v e r y t h i n g?
"if your in love?\like my status !\i wanna see how many love birds on here  love "
"don't fear the enemy that attacks you,but the false friend that hugs you"
"dear lord,\       i just want to say thank you for loving me when i felt that nobody else did  thank you for being the friend that never let me down  i know i don't deserve it but lord i know your love is unconditional  thank you amen"
"problem with half you females is that you don't know your role   stop trying to be more than you are  quit trying to play wifeyy role     when your just an extra  smh don't get beside ya`self child, cause that's when ya heart get broke   love "
"- dear disney channel, not all of your actors need a fucking singing career  smdh"
"love is as much of an object as an obsession, everybody wants it, everybody seeks it, but few ever achieve it, those who do will <propfemale> it, be lost in it, and among all, never    never forget it "
"to let go isn't to forget, not think about, or ignore  it doesn't leave feelings of anger, jealousy, or regret  letting go isn't winning, & it isn't losing  it's not about pride, & it's not about how you appear, & it's not obsessing? http annoyed  pi pe -qs6fsn"
"when you fall into a pit, you either die or get out "
"people's natures are alike, it is their habits that <propfemale> them far apart "
