c0e9602ec6aa9d6c941ae29652b041ef
"rang in the new year by working a 4-midnight shift at wal-mart, but i saw some fireworks at the downs which made it almost worth it   almost"
"dear houghton, thank you for teaching me how to be a good student, write good papers, and making the transition to grad school super easy   remind me again, why was i so worried?   love, <propfirst> - 3 918 gpa first semester grad school  laugh "
"goal:  have my camp schedules done by thursday, which means i'm probably planning for camp  smile "
"has spent a very wet day at camp and is now getting ready to go march in a parade, hopefully it's done raining   "
is off to get her picture taken for her ub id card and then off to camp for the summer  laugh 
has internet access  smile 
"is attending vickfest today, and so should you  smile "
is on a <propmale> and really wanting one of my own
has just discovered how wonderful strawberry smoothies from panera are  smile 
was kissed on the cheek by an old indian man today (and by indian i mean native american)
got to see <propfemale> yesterday   it was wonderful  laugh 
is getting a new car two years older than her old car
has been trying to get ahold of someone at ub to talk about my <propmale> for 2 hours   oh when will i be able to get through?
spent all afternoon trying to get through to ub with no success   i hope i can reach them tomorrow!
is attempting to get through to ub again today   it's bad when all you get is a busy signal and can't even get through to the message that tells you too many people are calling and to try again later   here we go again   
is on hold!!  and it only took half an hour
was able to talk to a real person and has everything all worked out now   now i'm just hoping that i get called often to sub so that i can replenish my bank account!
is leaving to go camping with the family  smile 
survived her first grad school class   two more today  smile 
oh houghton!  how i miss your smoke free campus!
got to see switchfoot in concert for free today  laugh 
is on her new macbook pro  laugh 
is off to her last grad class of the week soon and is going to try her best not to procrastinate the rest of the week 0 smile 
has given up on trying to find a good parking spot at ub
is going to play laser tag with the youth group tomorrow  smile 
is off to start another week of classes
is done for the week already   two of her four classes were cancelled for the week  laugh 
needs to not procrastinate   so much reading to do
thoroughly enjoyed the office  laugh 
is still waiting for a day without hiccups
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!
only has class on tuesday this week  laugh 
in grad school today i learned all about taking running records   again  playful 
is done for the week already   gotta love class cancelations  laugh 
heading to houghton today!  laugh 
is that the sun?!
is more and more thankful for her education from houghton with every paper she gets back  smile 
is baking banana bread with the recipe from her friends cookbook  laugh 
is watching her brother's dog for the a week  smile 
the dog is asleep   finally a moment of peace   maybe now i can actually get some work done
is subbing in a fifth grade classroom on friday   fifth graders are not my favorite
just applied to be a holiday worker at wal-mart
this her brother's dog is crazy  playful 
needs to stop procrastinating and write the rest of her paper
is anxiously awaiting the arrival of the newest switchfoot cd   laugh 
just got the new switchfoot cd!  yay for pre-orders!
needs to get to work
doesn't have her wednesday night class for the next two weeks  laugh 
is heading to bed soon   aby convention tomorrow  smile 
is trying to get some more of this paper done before the aby convention starts
<propfemale> brought the fart putty   it's a party now!
ate a booger flavored jelly bean tonight
thinks of jelly beans whenever she smells a skunk now   thanks <propfemale>  playful 
"is subbing for a half day tomorrow, then off to wal-mart for orientation, then ending the day with a harvest dinner at church   i should probably get some sleep "
<propfemale> is here!  laugh 
is paper writing  annoyed 
needs to come up with a metaphor for the arts before 4 surprise 0   
happy thanksgiving!
watched a bunch of friends thanksgiving episodes today  smile 
has sore muscles   from playing the wii  playful 
has just finished up her first semester of grad school   yay for no finals!
okay so i unintentionally lied   i still have one paper to finish by next tuesday   but i am done with classes!
woke up with the hiccups this morning   is there no escaping them?
"wonders, why so many people were out shopping at 11 surprise 0pm tonight? i thought working 4-midnight is supposed to be less busy   on the plus side, though, a really cute little girl blew me a kiss  smile "
"customer:  why are there only a couple lines open? me:  well it is midnight, it's usually not this busy  customer:  well there should be more lines open "
just updated her wsi certification so she can keep being one  smile  but it cost $55 for required new materials =[
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
is waiting for the sheets to dry and then going to bed  smile 
2 grades down and 2 to go   i don't think i can wait another week   i hope they post them early!
's biggest accomplishment today was finally finding all 20 flags on the e playful ert level of island cycling on wii fit plus  playful 
happy new year!
how can i keep from singing your praise?  how can i ever say enough?  how amazing is your love   how can i keep from shouting your name?  i know i am loved by the <propmale>   and it makes my heart want to sing!
"someone loves you, even when you don't think so   don't you know?  you got me and jesus  ~stellar kart"
started another semester of grad school today
"\it's colder than a stepmother out there\"" ~customer on the cold weather"""
has one more class   then work the rest of the week
has just remembered that she should probably be reading for next week's classes   oh the joys of being back to school
and i'll be by your side wherever you fall in the dead of night  whenever you call  and please don't fight these hands that are holding you  my hands are holding you 
can't think of anything interesting to put in her status
has rediscovered the fact that i can read a lot faster if i turn the tv off  playful 
has the type of hiccups that won't go away
should really get to work   
i want the love  i want the light  i want the beauty on the inside  i want the one that you can't see to be the definition of me  i want the truth that i believe  to be the definition of me 
"there is one god, he is holy  there is one lord, over everything  there is one <propmale>, he is jesus  <propmale> of <propfemale>  strong and mighty "
has finally finished reading the lord of the rings trilogy   and it only took about 5 years  playful 
wants the ipad o smile 
had a self-proclaimed snow day today   there was no way i was driving to buffalo and back today
has been distracted by her computer all morning and should really get to work now
woke up with thoughts of safety plan training skits in her head   i think i'll send in my camp application now  smile 
"your love is a symphony, all around me, running through me  your love is a <propfemale>, underneath me, running to me "
"i'm waiting  i'm waiting on you, lord and i am hopeful  i'm waiting on you, lord though it is painful   but patiently, i will wait   i will move ahead bold and confident   taking every step in obedience   while i'm waiting, i will serve you   while i'm waiting, i will worship   while i'm waiting, i will not faint   i'll be running the race even while i wait "
off to a field trip at the eastern hills mall   who knew they had a museum there?
has fallen in love with masterpiece classic on pbs  smile 
"has a new favorite bumper sticker, \do you follow jesus this close?\"" love it!"""
has something in common with the dog   we both get the hiccups quite frequently  playful 
"is wishing i could stay home and lounge around all afternoon but alas, it's time to go to work"
a customer pegged me as a teacher tonight   it made me smile  smile 
is going to the strong museum of play tomorrow  laugh 
time for work
is subbing in a kindergarten class all week  smile 
"i am nothing without christ, he is everything to me   he's the reason that i live, he is my only need i know   i couldn't make it through one day without jesus in my life   i am nothing, nothing without christ "
is subbing one more day in the kindergarten class tomorrow  smile   i'm going to miss those kids!
quote of the day:   kindergartner:  are you in high school? me:  no kindergartner:  then why aren't you married?
is excited for camp  laugh   and it's still months away!
is back to class   for the first time since spring break
of course the 3 classes i need to take next semester are all on different nights  grr   
is enjoying some season 1 of friends  smile 
finally gets to have a grad class with <propfemale> yetzer  laugh 
live free by his mercy and grace and tell the world i'm gone
finally has her early childhood education initial certificate!
is subbing in kindergarten tomorrow   the day before they go on vacation   should be interesting
has to work on easter  sad  at least it's not until 5 smile 0
wants to know when easter became like a second christmas?
has to go to work  sad 
thinks it's time to get some work done
is lesson planning  haven't done that in a long time!
gets to see <propfemale> <propfirst> hatfield in one day and <propfemale> arkin in two days!  laugh 
is having fun in dc  smile 
is back home and exhausted and has to catch up on all the work i neglected this weekend  it was totally worth it though  laugh 
saw one of the kindergartners i've been subbing for at wal-mart and she was so excited to see me and introduce me to her dad  have i mentioned lately that i love kindergartners?
is going to see wicked today  laugh 
"today is the day you have made, i will rejoice and be glad in it  and i won’t worry about tomorrow, i’m trusting in what you say today is the day ,"
had a long day of subbing followed by work at wal-mart and is exhausted  time for bed!
"the men working outside my window are very distracting, and they took out our mailbox!"
joined the nayec (national association for the education of young children) today  smile 
finds it hard to concentrate on paper writing when we're leaving for florida on friday
is heading for florida tonight!  and still needs to finish her last paper   
is in florida  laugh 
"is heading back to ny, where i hear it's not so warm  sad "
went to florida without getting sun poisoning  laugh 
is exhausted  time for bed!
finds it sad that wal-mart has invaded my dreams   what's even more weird is that this dream combined working at wal-mart and substitute teaching into one job  i'm still not sure how that worked  playful 
a woman i've been substituting for used to go to camp vick when she was a kid  god is pretty awesome  smile 
enjoyed reconnecting with an old friend today  smile 
hates when she falls asleep with her contacts in
doesn't have to work until midnight tonight  laugh 
his eye is on the sparrow and i know he watches me
does not like when she misses a spot when putting on sun screen and gets burned  sad 
"this, the pow'r of the cross annoyed son of god—slain for us \what a love! what a cost! \we stand forgiven at the cross "
ate some french toast at sportos at midnight with some pretty great people  smile   it's way past my bedtime  playful 
"has only two days left at wal-mart, and today was potentially the last midnight shift!  laugh "
can't wait to be in tenneessee with the whole family =
"work, shopping for veggies, leaving for tennessee  laugh "
is on her way to tennessee!  laugh \\n <propfirst> <propfemale>
finally at the cabin  time for room picking   this could take a while  playful 
is enjoying seeing the awesomeness of god's creation in the wonderfulness that is the smokey mountains  smile 
is enjoying midnight hot rubbing excursions with the family  smile 
on the road again  why does this vacation have to end?\\n <propfirst> <propfemale>
is home and missing the family already!
is camp planning for the day  what was your favorite camp activity as a kid? ideas welcome  smile 
"today's task is to find new ice breakers for this summer  again, ideas welcome  smile "
"dentist, more camp planning (today the goal is time fillers), then off to camp to get ready for open house on saturday  laugh "
today my dentist told me i have cool shaped teeth 
is at camp  it's okay to be jealous  playful 
"how can i keep from singing your praise? i know i am loved by the <propmale>, and it makes my heart want to sing!"
on my way to camp! see the rest of you in a couple days =
"oh, happiness! there is grace enough for us and the whole human race! -<propfirst> crowder band"
first week of campers come on sunday! pray that the week goes well and that we can share god's love with them  smile 
"first week of campers was fantastic  tomorrow come the splash campers! needless to say, i'm pretty excited  laugh "
is home for a day  smile 
another  week of camp begins  i think it's going to be a fantastic one! keep us in your prayers  smile 
"oh kingdom bound, why have we not know each other before tonight? superchick=fantastic ="
first day of the last week of camp  how did the summer go by so fast?
home from camp and heading of to camp with the family  smile 
passed her comprehensive exam for her master's degree!  only three classes left!  laugh 
feels she should be eating bbq under the pavillion and acquainting children with the ways of camp right about now
got the job  laugh 
today is the first day of my last semester of classes  laugh 
read a whole book today  now if only textbook reading was that easy   
at camp for the day  laugh 
"oh bohnanza, it's been such a long time!"
is reading   and it's not the textbook kind o smile 
is a bulitein board creating machiene
is attempting to make blondies  we'll see how they turn out  smile 
gets to see <propfemale> today!  laugh 
had a fan-tactic day with <propfemale>  smile 
enjoyed the first day of preschool  smile 
loves when class is done an hour early  laugh \\n
has killed her cellphone   hoping to have a new one later today
no new phone until tuesday! leave me a voicemail and your phone number if you want to talk to me 
got her new cellphone today and will now respond to your text messages again =
is 23 on the 23rd  laugh 
"thank you for everything  thank you for loving me  it don’t even matter what tomorrow brings  i will sing my thank you for sun and rain, for what you give and take away, for all your goodness i will always say thank you  i say thank you  ~33 <propmale>"
the pdf reader on my ipad now does annotations  laugh 
laundry day
first paper of the semester   and i have the overwhelming urge to take a nap instead of writing it  playful 
"lord let me shine, shine like the <propfemale>   a reflection of you in all that i do "
thoroughly enjoys when class gets cancelled  smile 
got dressed up as a fireman today   by a firemen   for my students  smile 
"you light up the sky to show me you are with me  i can't deny, no i can't deny that you are right here with me  ~the afters"
toy story 3 with the parents for their anniversary =
god is enough   you are enough   never too much   more than enough   you are enough for me   ~lecrae
off to a hayride =
is in a musical mood  smile 
"can no longer ignore her homework   oh procrastination, you've done it again   "
"started the day subbing in the literacy lab, but ended the day subbing in 6th grade   crazy day!"
voted   did you?
going to see the afters at roberts with <propfemale>  laugh 
the concert was amazing! truly inspiring and uplifting  smile 
is sprouting sunflower seeds
still has a ringing in her ear from the concert friday night =[
"when i don't fit in, and i don't feel like i belong anywhere   when i don't measure up to much in this life, i'm a treasure in the arms of christ   ~sanctus real"
is excited for the surrender: aby convention 2010  laugh 
mmm   banana bread  smile 
something fell off my car while i was driving it today! i don't even know hat it was!
going to see <propmale> potter with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  smile 
happy thanksgiving!
should stop procrastinating and get to the paper writing
"one class down, two to go  smile "
"now until december 7 change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against violence to children  remember, we were kids too, pass it to a friend! <-- aka repost it on your wall!"
was in a <propfemale> austen mood today  smile 
to go to class or not to go to class   that is the question
2 more papers + 1 more class = completed master's degree  laugh 
goal:  finish up this last paper
"maker of heaven, giver of life   you are my strength, my song in the night  ~the museum"
done with my paper   which also means done with grad school  laugh 
oh holy night!  the stars are brightly shining   it is the night of our dear savior's birth!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"if i'm worth dying for, then you're worth living for  ~denver and the mile high orchestra"
is finding it strange not to be heading back to classes   but glad not to  smile 
"oh batavia, by the time you let me be a sub the school year will probably be over   "
is an <propmale> teacher today  smile 
spending the afternoon with some episodes from the original scooby-doo  laugh 
going tubing at polar wave  laugh 
just heard this on the radio:  jesus is our perfect <propfirst>  he loves us like no one else can  happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!  smile 
you light up to show me you are with me  ~the afters
"when you run out of boondogle, there's always fusion beads  ="
enjoying the salsa conference with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale>  laugh 
what an amazing weekend  smile 
"i'm thankful for the things you've done, my loving savior, my precious jesus  my heart is glad that you've called me your own, cuz there's no place i'd rather be than in your arms of love  ~kutless"
4-year-old: i like your shirt!  but mine is way prettier 
"i'm giving my life to the only one who makes the <propfemale> reflect the sun   every starry night, that was his design  ~chris august"
is thankful for her cellphone today   it remembered daylight savings time when she did not 
subbed today and got to watch horton hears a who with the whole elementary school =
