2aa3d0ce1b643ee8d8bfe5f8285c9aed
is working 12-9
is bored    goin to a bbq later
is bored
can't sleep
is watching family guy
is working 2 surprise 0-11 surprise 0
is bored   
is bored    anyone online?
watchin american pie 2
is watchin <propmale> button
bored    text it 630-776-2498
is going to the midnight showing of transformers
is bored   
is goin to play some guitar  text it
is chillin
anyone down for a bonfire tonight?
's back hurts   
is bored    what's there to do?
is working 2 surprise 0-11 surprise 0
karaoke at rookies tonight    anyone wanna come?
is really tired
is goin to see public enemies tonight
"is gunna go check out a car then hangin with <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>  text it"
is excited
is bored
is working 2 smile 0-10 smile 0
is listening to music    can't sleep
feel better <propfirst>!
is watching house
is chillin
has the day off  text me
my baby girl is finally home!
got to see the most amazing girlfriend in the world tonight  smile 
is gunna go <propfemale> with <propfirst> for a few hours  text me if ya need me
has the day off and relaxing
is working 2-10 smile 0  text me
is going to check out a couple cars
is going to see extract tonight 
is laying down
is really bored   
is looking at halloween costume ideas
is going to sleep
is relaxing
my tummy has the rumblies    that only hands will satisfy
is bored   
oing to check out a car today
is going to check out a car today
"is watching \miss march\""      not as funny as i e playful ected    it's actually kinda dumb   """
is really tired    can't wait till inventory is over  good thing i have friday off 
is bored   
is bored   
is working 2-11
is bored
is thinking of going to meijer   
is working 2-11
has the day off and is bored   
"is watching \lucky#slevin\"" and drawing"""
is workin 12 smile 0-9 smile 0
"is watching \glory\""    good movie """
is drawing
is goin to meijer    brb
is bored
is working 12 smile 0-9 smile 0
is working 12 smile 0-9 smile 0 then going to <propmale> horror picture show for <propfirst>'s b-day  happy birthday <propfirst>!
is relaxing
mustang+winter driving= fun! lol
is makin some <propmale> n cheese    yum  smile 
has the next 2 days off
"we all living in amerika, amerika, it's wunderbar!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
is working 4-9 then going out to karaoke 
happy new year everyone!
what a way to start the new year    last day at walgreens 8-3 smile 0 
who feels like hangin tonight?
goodbye walgreens   
goin bowling then possibly hoffman  text me if you wanna go
baby    you a speed racer!
"yea i remember that girl, she was a hoe     for sho    "
resting then work 1 smile 0-9 smile 0
fuck fb chat    it blows the big one
i need to get out! i've been couped up in my house the past 2 days and i just need some fresh air! fuck this snow   
is bored
"is relaxing, work tomorrow 7-4, then partay!!!"
"happy <propfirst>'s day, everyone!"
my car's brakes are destroyed    gunna cost $700 to fix  fuckin-a   
is working 11 smile 0-8 smile 0
"happy birthday, <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
shower   
beerfest
working 12 smile 0-9 smile 0
is really tired   
karaoke
mmmm      velveeta
"is working till 3, hangin with <propfemale>, then karaoke"
i desperately need another job    anyone know of places hiring?
<propfemale> looks sexy driving mustangs     specially mine  wink 
has the day off    what shall i do???
has the day off
its hailing like a muthafucka!
"is working 6-3, then taking a well deserved nap  gunna turn my phone off and not answer any texts or calls "
"take a minute and do this!  call the nestle chocolate hot-line at 1-800-295-0051  when asked if you  want to continue in english or spanish, wait quietly for about 10 sec   and you will smile  keep listening and press 4 then press 7  if you  comment on this, don't give away the surprise  whoever thought of this  at nestle i   s a genius! actually really funny! you comment  on this, don't give away the surprise "
there is a jungle cat in the bathroom!!!
is workin 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me 
just had a phone interview with carmax    it's been so long since i've done one of those i think i fucked it up     annoyed 
karaoke tonight
cellulitis is not fun  sad 
booooooored    not tired either 
"walgreens interview in a half an hour    i hope i get the job, i need the extra cash"
interview went well i think  they're sending me for a drug test so that's a good sign    right?
is workin 2-11    hopefully i get a call back from walgreens today 
might have cellulitis again   
"is goin in to walgreens today to finalize everything    i am now (for \the second time lol) a walgreens employee!"
wow    i just slept from 5pm yesterday till 8 smile 0am today  must've been tired lol
wow    just asked my manager at lowes if i can have a set schedule so i could work my second job  they denied it  what kind of bullshit is that?
workin at walgreens 8-1 smile 0 then workin at lowes 2-11    gunna be a long day   
i'm fuckin fed up with asshole customers!!!
workin 2-11  text me so i'm not bored at work 
workin till 4 then paaaartaaaay!
bored    anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight?
"4 hours of sleep, can barely function    working 6-3 at lowe's then 4-10 smile 0 at walgreens  long f-in day, text me "
workin 1-10 then party
workin till 9  someone text me so i'm not bored   
walgreens from 8-1 then lowes 2-11
"congrats, <propmale> and steph! a newborn healthy girl!"
i swear    if one more god damn customer calls me useless i'm gunna fuckin snap!!!
working 2-11
"\i hate my life\"" - theory of a deadman    e playful lains everything so perfectly  working 2-11 tonight """
walgreens 9-1 then lowes 2-11
"done with walgreens, now off to lowes 2-11, then comin home and relaxing    text me so i'm not bored at work "
tired    7-4 at lowes then 6-10 smile 0 at walgreens 
"just got done swimming, now off to the bartlett fest"
working 5-10 smile 0 at walgreens
"happy birthday, sis!"
bored at work    someone text me so i don't die from boredom 
"151 rum, pineapple juice, and malibu caribou get them all numb  make baby girl come out of her shell and raise hell till the cops come    good song, and i think i'll need a good drink after work  playful "
workin 10-7
das boot!
bedtime    then working 8-5 at lowes and 6-10 smile 0 at walgreens 
long day at lowes    now working 6-10 smile 0 at walgreens  text me
this isn't where i parked my car   
mi scuzi!
you will always be my best friend   
bad dreams suck   
learning a lot of sign language at a deaf party lol
i think i need a new profile pic   
relaxing then work 1 smile 0-10 smile 0 
bored at work    someone text me to keep me entertained 
relaxing then work 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  hopefully it's not gunna be boring again   text it
bored at work    text me
can time go by any slower???
you stop laughin right meow!
day off  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
again with the weird dreams   
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
hmmmm     what movie to watch?
"what is this? a center for ants? how can we be e playful ected to teach \children to learn how to read    if they can't even fit inside the \building?"
"don't touch me please, i cannot stand the way you tease  i love you though you hurt me so now i'm going to pack my things and go\\touch me baby, tainted love   "
"blah    work 2-11, then party! text me "
cool storm    work still sucks though  text me to keep me entertained
"lets see    work noon to 9, on 0 hours of sleep    awesome"
working 12-9  text me 
working at walgreens 8-12 then going to the pool  anyone wanna come swimming?
anyone feel like hanging? swimming maybe?
working at lowes 6 smile 0-2 smile 0  swimming anyone?
pretty bored    
thinkin bout goin down to the river and just relax    get my mind off things    anyone wanna join me?
"whoa, <propfemale> is the color of your energy   "
"hmmm what to watch?    fight club, lucky # slevin, or a comedy?"
lucky # slevin it is   
sleep then workin at lowe's 6 smile 0-3 smile 0
working till 3 smile 0 then who knows    anyone feel like hangin?
working 6 smile 0-3 smile 0  text me 
working till 3 smile 0 then karaoke tonight  anyone wanna come?
working 9-3 smile 0 at walgreens  text me 
eoooooo tired 
"phone's broken till wednesday till i get a new one    if you need to get a hold of me, send a message on here "
"ignore my last status, i activated my old phone  text me"
workin 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"laying down, have a pretty bad headache"
working 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me
hollywood we never goin' down   
anyone feel like hangin?
another day at blowes    6 smile 0-3 smile 0  then swimming? text if you wanna <propfemale> 
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
working till 10 smile 0 then toga party!
workin 1 smile 0-10 smile 0
workin till 10:15  anyone feel like hangin tonight? text me
tis' only a flesh wound!
workin 11 smile 0-8 smile 0  anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"what to do, what to do    bored  text me"
"you got designer shades, just to hide your face and you wear them around like, you're cooler than me  and you never say hey, or remember my name  it's probably cause, you think you're cooler than me "
i feel like watching a movie    any suggestions?
swimmin  text if you wanna come
"had a great day, don't feel like sleepin, but i gotta get up in 4 hours    blowes 6-3 then walgreens 4-10 smile 0    loooooong day "
whatever    i give up 
"workin till 7, anyone wanna <propfemale>?"
blah   
"listenin to music since i can't sleep, even though i got work at 6  gotta get my mind off things   "
"workin till 3, then helpin the awesome <propfemale> boss and <propfirst> pappa move some stuff down at niu "
finished helping <propfemale> move  relaxin a bit then might head to streamwood to chill with <propfirst>
"very, very, very boring night   "
"bad storm, powers out at walgreens"
sweeeet  powers out at work and my manager and i are playing music on our phones for everyone lol  thought it was funny   
working 10-3 at lowes then 4-10 smile 0 at walgreens  text me
walgreens till 10 smile 0 then karaoke  anyone wanna come with?
its a <propmale> n cheese and a movie kinda night    anyone wanna join me?
workin 11 smile 0-8 smile 0
"out of work at 8 smile 0, anyone feel like hangin?"
i really hate headaches     annoyed 
"tired, but cant go back to sleep    work 1 smile 0-10 smile 0"
i knew this was gunna happen      annoyed 
hmmm     where to go for lunch break? any suggestions?
workin till 10 smile 0 then bonfire  text me
walgreens 9-1 then lowes 2-11 
"so    tired    i gave in and got some \no-doze \"" we'll see if that works  text me and keep me awake!"""
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
add me on skype    david brnusak10
anyone feel like swimming?
"beer, hookah, and karaoke    best night ever!!!!"
walgreens 12-8 smile 0
anyone feel like hangin tonight after i get off work?
goin to wild bull restaurant tonight for some drinks  anyone wanna come? text me
"you ain't got no legs, lieutenant <propfirst>!"
damn    last night was awesome!
feels like goin to delalb tonight  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
feels like goin to dekalb tonight  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
to dekalb or not to dekalb?
lots of stuff on my mind    gunna take a cruise to relax  text if you need me 
"thinking bout taking a dip in the pool, anyone wanna keep me company? text me"
feels like goin to the dirty-d again tonight
"bad night, bad week, bad everything    why can't anything go my way for once?"
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
workin till 3 smile 0 then getting cruuuunk with <propfemale> for her 21st birthday! happy birthday lique!
this isn't where i parked my car   
working 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me 
dirty-d for the night chillin with poopa
hookah and karaoke!
"i wanna be a billionaire so fuckin bad, buy all the things i never had   "
best  night  ever!
"dirty-d, here i come!"
"work till 3, pick up <propfemale>'s car from the shop, meet up the family for dinner, then karaoke at oasis "
chillin at the oasis  then work at 6 smile 0    blah  hopefully tomorrow will be a good day?
"long day    working 6 smile 0-3 at lowes, then 6 smile 0-10 smile 0 at walgreens  text me!"
walgreens 5 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me and keep me entertained 
lowes 6-2 then maybe walgreens 5-10 smile 0? stupid me forgot which day i switched with someone    then party!
workin till 10 smile 0     what to do after? text me
"fuck retail    i swear, if one more customer bitches and yells at me for no fuckin reason i'm gunna snap!!! just cuz we work retail and can't get a $100,000 job, doesn't mean you can treat us like fuckin dirt!!!"
workin 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me
wow    messed up dreams   
hmm    wiu's homecoming is sept 25    who's down for a road trip and get crunk???
"walgreens till 10 then hitting up oasis for karaoke  if anyone wants to come, text me "
thinking bout hangin in dekalb today  anyone wanna chill?
gunna check out some halloween shops then hangin with <propfemale> later
lowes 1 smile 0-10 smile 0  anyone feel like hangin tonight?
my life is all coming together finally   
workin at blowes till 8 smile 0 then the next few days off  anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"happy birthday, <propfemale>! (and <propfemale>! lol)"
off work around 9 smile 0  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
walgreens 4 smile 0-10  text me
"didn't get good sleep last night, work 7-3 smile 0 at lowes then 6-10 at walgreens  text me "
"blowes 7-4, then walgreens 5-10 smile 0  text me"
bored bored booooored at work
work 1 smile 0-10 smile 0 then probably hangin with <propfemale>  text me
"at lowes i've been called stupid, been called an idiot, and now i'm apparently a liar    customers need to stop being fuckin assholes   "
workin 1 smile 0-10 smile 0 then hitting up the dirty-d
"lowes 7-3, taking my mom to pick up her car on my lunch at 11, walgreens 4-10 smile 0  text me"
walgreens 4-10 smile 0  text me 
karaoke tonight  what should i sing?
one more 6am shift at blowes then a 3-day weekend 
"blowes 6-3, uncle's birthday party, then possibly seeing the gf  text me "
"finally! 3-day weekend! plans for the weekend    tonight: uncle's birthday party, visit <propfemale>  friday: oil change, haircut, visit grandma  saturday: double date to scarecrow fest, maybe a boat ride on the river, possibly some drinks later at o'malleys  sunday: watching football at farmer's  if anyone would like to join the festivities feel free to contact me!"
anyone feel like hangin today?
hm    what to do tonight? party? bonfire? or <propfemale> out in the dirty-d? or if anyone else has any suggestions hit me up!
last day of relaxation before inventory week 
damn    one whole week of getting to work at 5 smile 0am for inventory   
day 2 of inventory    working 5 smile 0-4
workin till 4 again then heading to streamwood for a bit  text me
work 1 smile 0-10 smile 0 then goin to a party in the dirty-d
ceo and corporate hoes party tonight  time to get my drink on!
working 11 smile 0-8 smile 0  text me!
blowes 6-2 smile 0  text me and save me from the boredom   
"just had a weird dream     blowes 11-7, walgreens 7 smile 0-10 smile 0  text me"
who feels like hangin out tonight? i'm off work at 2 smile 0  text me
hitting up sluggers in chicago with some cool ppl
walgreens 4:15-10 smile 0  text it
who wants to go to reapers realm tonight? text me or comment this  i'm leaving my house at 5 so if you need a ride hit me up before then!
blowes 1 smile 0-10 smile 0
blowes till 7 then karaoke at the oasis  anyone wanna come tonight???
great night tonight with great ppl  but gotta get up in 3 hours for blowes 
i'm free! got the rest of the day to relax  anyone have plans tonight?
step 1: cut a hole in a box   
blowes 1 smile 0-10 smile 0 then party!!!!
workin till 8 smile 0  anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"hm, no shave november    to shave, or not to shave? haha"
<propfemale> is the color of your energy   
blowes till 2 smile 0 then might visit the gma
anyone feel like taking a cruise with me or wanna <propfemale> out?
"hmm     to the dirty-d for the night, or not?"
dekalb and hookah    good times
workin till 7 then maybe the oasis 
shitty day   
working 6-3  text me
having fun in the s-wood
great night  now for a shitty day    blowes 12 smile 0-9 smile 0
jackass 3d tonight anybody?
an extra hour of sleep? i think not! an extra hour of partying!!!
drivin down to the chi-town with poopa 
out of work at 7 smile 0  who wants to <propfemale>?
i swear    i can't stand this fuckin place anymore! people need to stop being fuckin assholes and learn respect!!!
chillin before work  blowes 1-9 smile 0
"i said maybe, you're gunna be the one that saves me  and after all, you're my wonderwall   "
"out of work at 9 smile 0 then taking a cruise    if anyone feels like hangin out text me, i need to get out tonight"
"cut that out, right meow!"
karaoke tonight! who's coming?
sweet dreams are made of these   
"fuckin trains! do you seriously have to be like 5 <propmale> long, drive about a mile an hour, then stop on the tracks for 10 minutes???"
walgreens 5-10 then possibly bowling 
chucking up the deuces   
day 1 of workout    goal is to lose 20lbs by <propfirst>  1st 
"i don't practice santeria, i ain't got no <propfemale> ball   "
has a lot of stuff on my mind   
throwin up my deuces   
who feels like hangin today???
relaxing on my day off
goin for a cruise  hit me up if anyone feels like hangin 
just unloaded 143 christmas trees    i am f-in tired   
sweeet    snap fitness is opening up soon by my work  free membership if i sign up soon 
"blowes till 3, haircut, then relaxing  got the whole weekend off!!!"
as long as it keeps moving it'll be ok
four lokos= crazy night   
dekalb + four lokos    gunna be a good night 
blowes 12 smile 0-9 smile 0 then got the house all to myself for the week  finally some relaxation
wooo! tornado!!!
chillin with the house to myself!
workin till 9 smile 0 then <propfemale>in with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  hit me up if anyone wants to <propfemale> with us!
chillin at the oasis cafe tonight if anyone wants to come!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
bored    anyone feel like hangin?
work till 9 smile 0 then heading to a party  who wants to come with???
things on my mind   
workin till 7 smile 0  anyone feel like hangin tonight? text me
"day off, who wants to <propfemale>?"
"when i'm a-walkin i strut my stuff and i'm so strung out, i'm high as a kite and i just might stop to check you out   "
19 more days!!!
walgreens 4-10 smile 0  text me and keep me entertained
time is going so f-in slow    text me!
blowes 6-3 then karaoke  text or message me if you wanna come tonight!
"busy day tomorrow    walgreens 9-4 smile 0, meeting with the boss for the new job, goin on a date, then might <propfemale> in streamwood    busy busy "
great night! now sleep for 2 hours before work   
"thought i worked 6-2, but i was wrong    blowes 1 smile 0-9 smile 0"
work till 7 smile 0 then hangin at oasis 
blowes 12 smile 0-9 smile 0    9 more days in that hell-hole!
"i watched the world float to the dark side of the <propfemale>, after all i knew it had to be something to do with you   "
<propmale> dunham's xmas special 
out in the dirty-d hangin with poopa 
hitting up woodfield with poopa and <propfemale>  who wants to meet me there?
gooood time in the dirty-d!
blowes 12 smile 0-9 smile 0 then walgreens xmas party  text me
blowes 12 smile 0-9 smile 0    4 more days workin there!
out of work at 7 smile 0    anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight?
we've been spending most our lives living in a gangsters paradise
"best week ever    next 2 days off, thursday is last day at blowes, weekend at eastern to see the sis graduate college, then my bday on sunday!!!"
"<propfirst>'s mom: \my pastor told me i could call myself a christian \""\",2aa3d0ce1b643ee laugh 8bfe5f8285c9aed,blowes 6-2 then to the oasis at 9 for karaoke to celebrate my bday!
last day at blowes!!! 6-3 then real time with the co-workers!
im free!!!!
"drivin down to eastern illinois today, sister's graduation tomorrow, drivin back then celebrating my birthday sunday!"
who's at eastern illinois university???? i'm here seeing my sister graduate!
congrats <propfemale>! youre officially an eiu graduate!!!!
5 more hours!
woo! 22! i feel old    :-\\
"drivin home from eiu, then party!!!!"
home sweet home  thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes! and for those of you that came out last night, thanks again! i know i told you all like 10 times last night, but it was fun!"
walgreens 4:15-12 smile 0  text me!
bored bored bored   
walgreens 11-3 smile 0  text it
goin xmas shopping then hangin at oasis for some karaoke
karaoke tonight!
goin to see my grandma then finishing xmas shopping  text if anyone feels like hangin
walgreens 6-10 smile 0  text me!
momma's making molasses and shortbread cookies!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
thank you walgreens for making me miss christmas dinner with the family    i should have called off   
goin suit shopping today  gotta look sexy for my new job!
walgreens 4:15-10 smile 0  text me
hmm    what to do for new years?
what's everyone doin for new year's <propfemale>???
"new year's <propfemale> plans: hit up real time sports for all you can eat with farmer, then to cairo for a few hours, then finish in streamwood "
anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"watching \the other guys \"""""
i am so fucking pissed right now     
goin away party for <propfirst> then <propfirst>'s party  call or text me
fat bottom girls you make the rockin world go round!
interview today  hopefully i'll do well 
rookies waitresses suck today    farmer and i have been sitting here for 20 <propfemale> and haven't even been acknowledged   
what to do today    ?
"relaxing, heading to elizabeths bday party, then to dekalb for <propfirst>'s bday party  who wants to come to dekalb tonight???"
"damn, everclear gives me some weird dreams lol"
what's everyone doing today???
feel like watching a movie    any suggestions?
"watching \a night at the roxbury\"""""
dinner tonight at my uncles restaurant in chicago with the family  anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight?
chilling with farmer  text me of anyone wants to <propfemale>
making some spaghetti for dinner  who wants to <propfemale> tonight???
i see you drivin round town with the girl i love   
interview today at 4    hopefully i do well
"had 2 interviews in a row, both went pretty well considering a girl that works there told me that was a good sign lol"
drinking at farmer's     text me!
can't sleeeep  sad 
you and me baby ain't nothin but mammals   
thinking of making a skype account    anyone else have one that wants to chat sometime on there?
oasis tonight    who wants to go?
picking up my mom from work then heading to the oasis!!! what to sing tonight?
on my way to streamwood for a bit
"party tonight, game tomorrow  text me!"
when imma walking i strut my stuff and i'm so strung out    
good night last night  watching the game with the guys today 
da bears!
oh well    
bored     anyone feel like hangin tonight?
"sometimes i feel i got to    run away, i got to      get away"
relaxing day     anyone feel like hangin out?
what's everyone doing today?
chillin with farmer then to the oasis later
my home away from home     dekalb 
"i'm not getting drunk, i'm getting awesome!"
i really hate applying to places and never getting a response    
woo! i have 2 more job opportunities! hopefully they call me for interviews     annoyed 
party in dekalb tonight    who's down?
gooood night
i've been having some weeeeeird dreams today   
hmm     which movie to watch?
"hoffman lanes tonight for karaoke, who's down for it?"
taking farmer to work then relaxing  anyone feel like hangin?
you're not cool unless you pee your pants!
what's everyone up to today?
what's with all these weird dreams i've been having????
playing black ops with farmer  add us! farmstand
hm    looks like it snowed last night  guess i'm staying in!
digging out my car with no shovel= no fun
thanks all you asshole suv drivers who just sat there and watched me try to push my car outta the snow in the middle of the road    
"tried to be a good samaritan for someone, and look where it got me    a popped knee and i can barely walk   "
had a great night tonight! except for the whole injury thing    :-\\
knee still hurts but i'm goin out looking for jobs  wish me luck!
anyone selling a cheap cheap car but reliable?
what's everyone up to tonight?
"hitting up real-time sports with some friends, hit me up if anyone wants to come!"
"relaxing, gunna go check out a car for my mom, then party! text me!"
"tired, but i wanna go out and do something   "
taking farmer to work then picking up my mom from work  text me
the ranch is surprisingly fun!
getting my brakes checked     hopefully it doesn't cost a lot    
"please, if anyone knows of any jobs posted let me know! i'm in desperate need for a job   "
"you, you got what i need  but you say he's just a friend, and you say he's just a friend   "
not in a good mood     text me if you really need me
what to do today???
boooorreeeddd     who feels like hangin tonight?
all single people unite!!! lol
"shower, taking farmer to work, dinner with mom and the sis, then relaxing     text if anyone feels like hangin"
securitas called me back!!! hopefully ill get an interview!
who has skype? i'm bored   
i have an interview for securitas on thursday!!!!! wooo!!!
"hmm, lets see     the ranch, or not the ranch?"
me: \did u just say," if u were a fetus i'd abort u?\"" \"2aa3d0ce1b643ee laugh 8bfe5f8285c9aed,really nervous bout my interview at noon with securitas     hopefully i don't screw this one up 
interview went great! i have to go get my fingerprints done then training next week!!!
skype anyone???
anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight???
"if i could change one thing in this world, i'd change your mind and make you my girl  cuz i'm lost and need to be found  crazy as it sounds, i need you around  "
chillin with farmer  text it
"you, you got what i need  but you say he's just a friend, and you say he's just a friend   "
gorgeous day out! what to do today???
what's everyone up to?
i love thunderstorms
what's everyone doing tonight? text it
"fat bottomed girls, you make the rockin world go round!!!"
"oasis tonight, who's in?"
first day of training     very boring    
second and last day of training    god this is so boring 
"and after all, you're my wonderwall    "
"first stop, pub 222"
"next stop, alley 64!!!"
to the filling station!!!
to the yard!
well    this is the second time <propfirst> drunkenly ran away from the group    but tonight was still a success!
making tacos!!
what's everyone up to tonight?
making some <propmale> n cheese!!
anyone feel like hangin?
what's everyone's plans for the day?
"i keep on runnin, keep on runnin and nothin works i can't get away from you  i keep on ducking, keep on ducking and nothing helps, i can't stop missing you   "
hmm     oasis tonight?
"old phone broke, got a new phone    need <propfirst>!!!"
i got the job at securitas!!!!!!!
just picked up my badge and uniform
what's everyone's plans for tonight?
i just got a compliment on my car at the gas station  thanks lady  smile 
first day of training 
time's goin by sooo sloooow     just another 4 hours to go  someone text me and keep me entertained
off to work! text me
my field supervisor just stopped by and told me he's gunna try to make me the team lead at my work! woo! second day on the job and they already like me!
not gunna lie    kinda creepy bein all alone in a dark warehouse  text me!!!
half hour left at work!!! what to do the rest of the night    ? text me!
working 2-10 today  who wants to <propfemale> tonight? text me
"again, the only one in a dark warehouse     text me!"
quack n' bush!
time's goin by sooooo slooooow     just an hour left of work!
workin till 2  text me!
workin till 2  text me!
red bull does not work for me     sad 
"almost got into a car accident     this guy ran me and my sis off the road, didn't speak english, and was fucking smiling while we were yelling at him  fuck you"
getting my first tattoo tonight!
just got my first tattoo    sweet
"if i could change one thing in this world,\i'd change your mind and make you my girl \cuz i'm lost and i need to be found\crazy as it sounds, i need you around "
"hmmmm      should i, or shouldn't i?"
gotta make that dolla! workin 2-10  text it
hungryyyyyy  sad 
"and i wonder \when i sing along with you \if everything could ever feel this real forever \if anything could ever be this good again    "
workin till 2 then hangin with <propfemale>  text me 
having a blah day     text me 
workin for another 2 hours then hangin with <propfemale>  text me 
seriously    ???
