8ea0ffd558f92edc7f19587a0dd17448
"i want say this from my heart,thanking to my families friends for helping us, standing our side n believing us  it's fine that whoever believes in a person who used terrible words abt my dad n family in her words instead seeing the emails it'll be deal with it someday im glad to have my families n true friends in out lives,they're really awesome! i thank god for everything what we have now "
"happy father's day!! \we want to say happy father's day to my wonderful father  we love him,miss him n still thinking of him  he was a amazing father grandpa, would do anything for his children,grandchildren n friends  there's alot good things abt him n memories will always remembered forever   we love u,daddy  "
off to camping with my family n friends for my early bday n july4th! i thank them for going it'll be a blast! y'all have a safe weekend then!
"my true friends are the\ sunshine of life! thanks for bright shine love one of life! thanks for brightening my world with the warmth of your friendship!"
"i'm worn out from camping but we had sum good time,tough  i love u,daddy even i can't see u in spirit n i always will still talk to u n loving u  i'm glad i got my personality n everything from u  ure a amazing daddy mwah!"
"\be brave to tell your true?friend what you don't want them to make a mistake  that is kind of a true?friend would tell you  \"" ????"""
a friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same 
women are like teabags  we don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!
"be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart "
"if you don't like something, change it  if you can't change it, change your attitude "
"if the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?"
"thank u 2 who posted \happy bday\"" msgs 2 me  it means lot 2 me n it shows u do care!  god bless y'all n thanks for ur love! mwahhh!!!  ily!"""
also thanks for texts n emails 2 my bday msgs!! god bless y'all n thanks for ur love! mwahh! ily!!
"happy birthday to my nephew,marlin!!!"
awaymsg sad not feelin well n in bed   lve msgs or ttyl8r  godbless  )
awaymsg sad not feelin well n in bed   lve msgs or ttyl8r  godbless  )
"they are my heart, they are my soul, they are my life, they are my love, and they are my reason for being  they are my children "
"says, love your enemies  it will confuse them!"
<propfemale> christmas! spend the precious time with families  hope y'all have a great christmas day  god bless   
"fwd:my silence doesn't mean that,i forget you my disappearance doesn't mean,i don't care about you i do think about you and you are always in my heart, friends "
