0c05beeb1382264cf0084c43204e59e2
stippling is one of the most satisfying techniques in existance    smile 
happy 2010 everyone!  i resolve to get a haircut 
frumpy taco!
just remembered how disgusting canned coconut milk tastes in certain quantities 
"recently pilfered the books ça ne va pas, <propfirst> brown; joachim a des ennuis; history of spain; the essays by de montaigne; and a translation of the ramayana from ms  cooper's classroom   <propfirst> was an accomplice "
i'm going to play in the uw summer orchestra!  this summer!
is feeling like a stalker right now   i'm going upstairs to sculpt and listen to npr
did you know that auld <propfemale> syne is a scottish tango?
is adding bowings to a string quartet 
should probably finish up this year's collection of teacher-isms   let him know if you would like to receive a copy 
just returned from his first uw summer orchestra rehearsal!
is a mere common tater 
is finding little black shimmering pompilid wasps flying and crawling all over the planter in the backyard!
"is realizing how many different species of hymenopteran (ants, bees, wasps) live around his house   just now he saw a big orange male ichneumon trapped inside a window, and there are a whole bunch of little pompilids flying around   he's even seen a sceli"
is peeling an avocado pit 
wishes mendelssohn were alive so he could slap the composer's face into a waffle iron  > sad 
"walked to the northgate barnes and <propmale>, discovered that the book he wanted to get was 47¢ above his pocket budget, and walked back barefoot all the way "
is going to ask if he can arrange the songs of a dead band that nobody here knows into a string quartet of epic proportions 
has got to be more than the leading role in a farmer's artichoke 
is going to fiddle tunes in port townsend tomorrow!
"just returned from an awesome trip to fiddle tunes at port townsend   after the festival, he went down to a beach and found fragments of the skeletons of a seal, some kind of ungulate, a bird of some sort, and a small fish bit   he has also come to terms "
is cleaning bones!
is angry because comcast won't let him send absurdly large attachments
ucagugga ucagugga uc uc ugg!!!!!!!
"had an idea for a new series of drawings, which means that one will be completed and the whole project will then become too boring to complete "
"had his first dream this summer about the first day of school, and is secure in the knowledge that at least one other person has dreams involving ms  cooper "
is drawring caterpillars 
"is drawing the skulls of random made-up vertebrates   it's actually quite fun, especially when you're drawing individual skull bones and all the lovely textures!"
has a love-hate relationship with beethoven 
should probably eat something besides chips and salsa for lunch   
"just saw a sharp-shinned hawk attack and kill a pigeon of about the same size!  the whole thing happened pretty fast-they just kind of fell out of the sky, the hawk flew into the <propfemale> tree, and the pigeon thrashed violently until it thrashed no more   i"
buzzing along with the bumbling bumble bees 
has (hopefully) finished his second string quartet in 3 movements: 1  hookum-snivy 2  glass hinges 3  lettuce wargs
"thursday, jul 23rd, 2009 7 smile 0 pm kane hall 130 (uw campus) admission is free  meena hwang conducts the uw symphony  program selections include mendelssohn's hebrides overture; dvorak's wind serenade, and beethoven's symphony no  8  come watch as <propmale> <propfemale>"
fails at gamba once again   *sigh*
's finger calluses are falling off and now it hurts to play    sad 
"is anybody interested in coming to the concert on thursday? that's this thursday, so répondez, s'il vous plaît "
can play ievan's polka on the ud!
"'s concert is canceled    sad   the same music can be heard on august 20, same place   also, we need violists "
huge female ichneumon wasp stuck on the porch right now!  the thing has an ovipositor longer than its body!
really lacks any <propfemale> to be section leader 
we seriously need violists   seriously   there are only two functioning violists in the uw orchestra   seriously 
"blackberries are ripening, spiders are getting to be larger than a half inch    it must be midsummer "
"actions speak louder than words, but the pen is mightier than the sword "
last night's dream involved playing a string quartet and forgetting my lines in the second movement   it was embarrassing   then i rode on a giant lungfish salamander sarcopterygian to a place where pilot whales were swarming an orca and devouring it like
is going to finish packing now 
"is going to kittitas along with two violins, a <propfemale>, and a mandolin   this will be fun "
is back from fiddle camp!
"really likes fiddle music   also, we need violists in the uw orchestra "
"has turned his eastman <propfemale> into a baritone violin!  also, we need violists in the uw orchestra "
is afraid that he might have actually finished a composition 
's third string quartet is being conceived 
"don't you hate it when your brain wants straight sixteenths, but your fingers do triplets?"
"we have a new violist, and she's a music <propmale>!  we still need violists! four is not enough!"
"for those who actually know what i'm referring to, the worms are done   hurray "
fritata and fugu at the d diner 
"should i call the last movement \leaping lepers!\"" or \""marburgh\""?"""
do any of my musical friends (including orchestra people) want to come over and jam today or tomorrow afternoon?
lying on a bed and listening to shostakovich is an excellent way to spend an hour 
likes the rasumovsky quartets 
hole in the gungan and pope pope pope this a  moany meany mope mope mope amaneigh this a moany moe this a moany meany mope mope mope 
"if you play violin or <propfemale>, here's a cool trick i just figured out: smash your left ear against the side of the instrument while you're holding it and play anything   it sounds really cool and you can hear yourself the way other people do as you play   of course, you guys probably already knew that   "
what?  sharks are paraphyletic? noooooo!!!!
muss es sein?
"wants to create weird avant-garde classical music, but has like 4 other compositions he's working on    sad "
      and then there was grapefruit      
does not like preparing music 
how many violists does it take to make a batch of chocolate chip cookies?
is anybody coming to the concert on thursday?  that's this thursday at kane hall!
"is glad the bovarys are dead, because now he can read more interesting things "
the concert's in two days!
gunshot pastries!
the concert is tomorrow 
really hates sitting in front of oboes oboists 
is going to kane hall 
is done with orchestra music for a week   smile   he gets to play easier stuff from now on 
has a yellow jacket nest in his backyard 
"buddla buddla budda bum, budda bum, budda bum; buddla buddla budda bum, budda bum, budda bum "
is anybody else going early to the orientation tommorrow to stuff envelopes?
orientation and orchestra camp today!
life is good 
dislikes the idea of applying double stick tape to the face of his instrument 
today is an excellent day for sculpting 
homemade pad thai=yum 
"thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
is done making some very freaky <propmale> 
is pretty sure he read the wrong translation of madame bovary 
there is something very appealing about a protocercal tail  diphycercal tails are cool too   *ichthyologyspasm*
"set his alarm for 6 surprise 0 this morning and woke up at 9 smile 0    sad   i had some crazy dreams, though "
<propfemale> jour plus de liberté!
"reworked several string orchestra pieces, wrote finished three string quartets, and started an epic full orchestra piece   i think my summer is artistically complete, and just in time, too!"
"got a new book (on the origin of phyla), but isn't sure if he'll be able to start it right now   "
would like to know whether he has biology homework or not 
"don't you hate it when you have a conversation with a parent when you're half asleep, wake up completely after they've left, and have no idea what transpired?"
"spent the past hour slicing his hands with wire coathangers and listening to <propmale> shore's opera \the fly\"""""
is reconsidering using <propmale> bears as spider stuffing   
is anyone willing to make a liberal donation of newspapers and black plastic garbage bags?  you know why 
muß es sein?
"soon <propfemale> newbold deserves a dead, rotting, putrid crab corpse   d:<"
is the sciarromework due tomorrow?
would like to know what he would have done or need to do if he hadn't stayed home from school   homework?  classwork?
french homework?
"happy blasphemy day, everybody!  celebrate freedom of speech and freedom from religion!"
's house smells like split peas 
is remembering why he's a violist 
is sneezing violetly 
finished a thingy for stringies!
had an interesting discussion at the end of the school day 
hl math makes me feel like i have gravel in my neurocranium 
did anybody happen to write down tonight's french assignment?
finished his membrane model!  now i have to make sure it doesn't fall apart on the way to school tomorrow   
"started writing a double viola cello concerto, but it died 30 bars into its <propfemale>   perhaps i can collaborate with someone who happens to be a cellist and a composer   "
weirdly-tuned double timpani parts ftw!
in a gondola 
nobody knows the bubbles i've screamed 
thinks chamber music should be an all year activity 
"finished another quartet, but it was a half-assed arrangement of a string orchestra piece, so i'm not sure if it still counts    at least it'll be easier to conduct!   smile "
put together a halloween costume in less than 20 minutes 
"\it takes a great deal of humidity to admit your mistakes\"""""
amputation of all the fingers on my left hand seems like a grand idea 
has decided that a cydippid ctenophore would be too hard to carve into a pumpkin 
"\this always majority of the flat and detached joke must be sounded\"""""
"thinks the concert was successful    i also got the \dancing violist award\"" for the night """
"is considering revisiting gossipiboma, but first he must prepare for tomorrow's french oral "
"is on a roll, but not with the right material "
"when in doubt, graph it out "
radio lab!
redundant statement is redundant 
senses failure in the very near future 
has 101 5% in biology and 81% in math!  yay!
c# minor is a pretty key    smile 
is testing bows!
felsp¶atzsh a squu¶manz nommé quabé!
listens to stories of russian orthodox convents and thinks of <propfemale> kocan 
dump-nozzle
hopes everybody had a nice thanksgiving!
happy buy nothing day!
"is enjoying seeing everyone's \unique\"" idiosyncracies in the form of fan pages """
"is enjoying writing his french essay, but doesn't think he'll do very well   is ms  cooper familiar with the term \parthenogenesis\""?"""
eggnog!  yay!
congrats to the ingraham band orchestra jazz band on a great pops concert!
has a mysterious blister on his finger   i blame <propfemale> 
may have actually ended a something!  and the score for the first movement is now only 66 pages!
ate a radioactive cupcake!  oh noes!
"i feel sh*tty, oh so sh*tty   i feel sh*tty and gritty and grey "
the college board website is stupid 
"just got back from the member's preview of cruisin' the fossil freeway at the burke   i don't think i've ever seen such a large concentration of middle-aged, bearded scientists!  it was cool, though "
would anyone mind giving me the basic criteria for dinter's digestion project before i leave tomorrow?  i seem to have lost the instructions 
"saw avatar!  also, to everyone that celebrates it, have a <propfemale> christmas!"
it's warm in seattle!
"this year, i resolve not to set unreasonable goals for myself   so much for that "
"common app, you are dumb "
pomona!  i just sent an app to pomona!  i really hope that school   won't view me as a fool for now   
"finished the rotifer book!  it would take a very precocious 6-year-old to understand it, though   "
"wants to write something epic, brassy, and mixolydian "
fulfilled his new year's resolution!
"way to show up to the sectional today, violas!  we're gonna be great!"
mr  boucher should have his own tv show   like what magic schoolbus fans have to watch when they're bad 
doesn't see why we couldn't do the last movement   it's way more fun 
   and so it was that salamanders learned to die   
is sick 
<propmale> s'est b<propmale>sé <propmale> cheveux 
should probably start on that bovary assignment   
"would people be so kind as to inform me of all school-related things: due dates, assignments, worksheets, scheduling changes, e playful losions, etc?"
"here's a reminder to all the section leaders ( <propmale> bissiri, <propfirst> zhang, <propfirst> hall, and <propfirst> tu) that we have sectionals tomorrow on the dvorak scherzo (iii) "
"would the members of the transparent sacrifice ( <propfirst> tu, <propmale> bellows, <propfirst> zhang) be interested in getting together for a rehearsal sometime tomorrow at somebody's house?  if not, we could probably stay afterschool monday "
fungal porpoises?  why?
"everybody should come to the chamber concert tomorrow!  the program includes schubert's death and the maiden (1st mvt-truncated), borodin's 2nd quartet in d, and the first movement of my 2nd quartet, zarre potsdam-hookum snivy "
the chamber music concert was great everybody!  good job!  now on to the sciarromework!
loves the warm fuzzy feeling that comes from helping people 
"on nous dit, nous sommes tous frères, dieu est lumière, mais on constate que la lumière est éteinte, je souhaite que nous ne fassions plus <propmale> mêmes erreurs   "
is shamelessly quoting dvo?ák 
please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance and equal rights    
my oculomotor muscles hurt   no fun at all 
tick tok tick tok tick tok tick tok   
"went on the source and discovered that he had a 108 3% in dinter's, and then discovered the self-evaluation error that everyone's been griping about "
"incomprehensible math homework, like so many other unspeakables, is best done lying on the floor "
"feels like a lazy lump, but at the same time is about to e playful lode because of all the things he has to practice for, write, and do for the next two months   aauugghh "
"urban dictionary says: collin--someone that is usually smart, energetic, funny, cute, quiet, mysterious, and or weird  can also be someone that is very white, hides his true emotions from everyone, and has family from scotland "
just heard from the ugandan mp who proposed the anti-homosexuality <propmale> in the country   that was interesting   
funky <propfirst>?
"looked at  his chest and realized it still said \zooman groop\"" """
"is gram-positivity negativity an apomorphy for gram-positive negative bacteria, or did their membrane structures evolve independently?"
is going to die soon   
well this is interesting   
"would like to talk to someone, but isn't sure what to say   "
loves tok with a fiery passion 
aaauuuggghhh 
feels like he needs to talk to some people more in the real world 
"haitian creole is actually pretty much impossible to understand, even if you're pretty good at french "
tomorrow has the potential to be an excellent day 
"today started off crappily, but it got a whole lot better    smile "
having dreams about differential calculus is probably a good thing   
   wugness?
spent his <propfirst>'s day making demented <propmale> heads and identifying lichens   c'était bon!
will probably regret that   
"judging by events in the past and future, this week is actually going to be pretty good   i might not be able to do any of the homework assigned, though   "
today just got a whole lot better 
"realized that the burning chorus is fun to play (the <propfemale> part, at least)"
"finished transcribing shut up woman get on my horse   it's in f# minor, if you wanted to know   "
"had the most wonderful break he's had in a while, but is ready to return to school and   do things   "
i think you're mocking me 
is definitely not going to chamber tomorrow 
"something must be done, but not now   i'm not sure what to do "
"composer's block is a horrible, terrible thing "
"<propfirst> a  yule!  give me a theme in d minor!  in 7!  or 4, but i'll need to change it anyway "
well that was an interesting transition   
has power and internet again   joy 
i miss you already 
"had an uneventful walk home, and is glad that people are concerned for his safety "
is getting ads for english emersion courses in portuguese   wartf*ck?
"has bartók stuck in his head   thanks, <propfirst> "
"is a terrible, horrible person "
"why would you entrust me to do this when i know that i'm a horrible, incompetent slacker?  i'm good at faking things, but not this time "
avoid leper-cons; you risk losing your money and your limbs 
"had a really, really good day "
"happy birthday, <propfirst> garcia marquez!"
"<propfirst> wong is a pile of porpoise guts rotting in the sun, sprinkled with cinnamon and feasted upon by the children of mankind "
crap   >:{
feels like shit again all of a sudden   >_>
come out and face me like a tortoise!!!!!!!!
my mother is a fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish!  i'm going to cut out her gills!
i love you!
's math grade survived the differentiation test with only a 10 point loss!
fmfl 
miz buvdichtz   >_>
"is a horrible, terrible person "
"maybe i am a cruel, horrible person who delights in human suffering   i've never thought about that before   "
"\your mom's female!\"""""
what sexy bassoon parts you have!
!!???????? happy pi minute!  (3 14 1:59) ????????!!
is incredibly elated    smile 
shosta-f*cking-kovich 
tok is the most awesome class in existence 
"you're a horrible, disturbing person and i love you!   smile "
had a wonderful day!
just got home from an interesting school day   
would like to know how g# minor got into this mix   >_>
would really like to go back to school now   >_>
"mr  mendelssohn, there is something seriously wrong with you "
no more wolfgag!   laugh 
"(;, wink "
why did chlamydia win the war?!?!
ph'nglui mglw'nafh conner <propmale> r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
"\maybe\"" is not a very nice word   """
send forth all lesions!
"~(;, wink ~"
has bass calluses!   smile 
my favorite dinosaur   is   elephants 
"my pidders are so moopled, i'm bleeding orange juice!"
leg cramps do not make good alarm clocks 
"as karsty quunchkin told me once, \you can't make assumptions about caribou bladders without asking your grandmother first \"""""
needs to trim his bovarian essay by 260 words   fork   > sad 
had a surprisingly good day today!
2 hours of this american life tonight!      interrupted by the pledge drive     sad 
"using defuktive reasoning, i have concluded that conner <propmale> is slightly defukked in de head "
bb minor is a lovely key 
pulling and straightening copper wire is almost blasphemously relaxing 
wiretap!
yippiskippyippiskippy!   laugh 
beef: it's like an orgasm in a bottle!
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  and thank you, <propfemale> loubet-senear and conner <propmale> for the birthday card!"
is it a bad sign that i enjoy playing wolfgag on the bass more than i do on the <propfemale>?
tekeli-li!
should i get a blue bathrobe and glasses?
would like something with coriander   
feels like utter crap 
literally just spent about 5 minutes jumping from side to side in front of a mirror for no reason at all   i'm afraid something might be wrong   
"for the record, a razor-sharp statue of bread cannot be used as a sex toy "
coriander coriander coriander!   smile 
is pregnant with crab-babies!
i stand by my assertion because i am a super maid whore!
would like to thank <propfirst> a  yule for all the lovely dvo?ák!
should really just give up 
"i screw everything up, don't i?"
don't be a hypocrite like me!
he hasn't had enough!!
"people bring you up, they drop you down, you hit the ground and you splatter   and you can't do anything about it, because it's not their fault "
is an integrating beast   hopefully these skills will remain with me in time for the quiz tomorrow   
isn't it weird how the exact same thing that made your day suck can make your evening great?
carcinogenocide!
"needs to remember that if he listens to himself with his right ear when he's playing, he doesn't sound like crap "
would like to thank whoever dropped that field trip permission slip off at my house 
facebook and finale are the banes of my academic existence 
fuggafuggafuggafuggafuggafuggafugga 
"would, at the risk of sounding incredibly cheesy, like to thank conner <propmale> for making his day happy    smile "
what a weird and wonderful end to a weird and wonderful week 
vote <propmale> bellows for asb president tomorrow!
two more days   shit    sad 
bittersweet day 
"had a fun day, aside from the whole <propfemale> tugadi-injuring-his-wrist part of it "
a respiratory ailment and longing for someone made for a miserable day 
"if everyone had their own personal emotional interpreter (i mean a human being--maybe a machine ?--not a prefrontal cortex), everything would be fine and dandy "
"is hopelessly, deeply in love   how terrible!   laugh "
"had a great day with <propfirst> <propfemale> hall, <propfemale> alleman troxel, and <propfirst> a  yule!  carpe inguinum!"
"is ready to go join the seniors   but first, mullah's teahouse presents:  the <propfemale> toad music and dance camp!"
is back from the bay area  mullah's teahouse presents:  the <propfemale> toad music and dance camp !  much fun was had by all everywhere   classes with väsen were awesome 
lobulad the <propmale> pricked the left elephant and released the hounds of tindalos 
"really hates it when he wakes up from a really good dream and realizes that that person isn't actually there, and hasn't been for a while   i am such a lazy fool "
"to whomever texted \zombie walk in fremont\"" to my home phone: i can't go because i'm feeling self-inhibited right now   sorry """
is definitely going to regret that   x(
"hey <propfemale> zager , can i talk to you?  it's kinda important   "
it's incredible how gullible i can be   wow 
"^(;, wink ^  laugh   ^(;, wink ^"
obi-wan kenobi and the adobe dodo bonobos
"let our love be a flame, not an ember,\say it's me that  you want to dismember \blacken my eye,\set fire to my tie\as we dance to the masochism tango "
unhinge your soul and let the <propmale> of bulimia breathe his sweet nectar of leprosy into your waiting arms 
spent an hour and a half extracting the bones from a dessicated squirrel corpse   i love summer!
best   week   ever 
"superheroes come to feast\\to taste the flesh not yet deceased\\and all i know is still the beast is feeding "
"it's jesus fucking christ, if you can imagine that   "
"best   day   ever \thank you, <propfirst> vitz-wong, <propfirst> a  yule, and <propfirst> <propfemale> hall    laugh "
spent the day transcribing afghan folk music!
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!   laugh 
is a lot more excited nervous than he should be   >_>
"hah!  fuck you, amazon "
"in the name of satan, the ruler of the earth, the <propmale> of the world, i\command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me!"
really misses hanging out and creating destroying stuff with <propfirst> tiura   >_>
awesome day with awesome people!   laugh 
finds it funny that there is a cemetary behind two casinos along <propfemale> 
starlings have a notarium?  how convenient!   laugh 
"realized that attempting to wrap extremely belated birthday presents in aluminum foil and giving the package copious amounts of tentacles just doesn't work   @_@  sorry, conner <propmale>    sad "
"has been finding the skins of squirrels, turned neatly inside out and with the leg bones broken, in his backyard lately   while it's pretty creepy, it's also kinda cool to see what predators will do with prey   "
just discovered deviantart muro   i wish i had a tablet   >_>
should probably go to ballard   
"i have gathered forth my symbols and prepare my garnishings of the is to be, and the image of my creation lurketh as a seething basilisk awaiting his release "
"karma   \kill your babies now!"
"is making an attempt to draw real people!  not just random humans, but actual people that i know   it's kinda creepy when you can actually recognize who you're drawing   >_>"
strives for realism and achieves uncanny valley-ism   oh well   
squorpions!  squorp squorp squorp squorp squorp!
orchestra camp+d&d=awesome day   we are such nerds!   laugh 
"\that hacked-off lumps of human and animal flesh were offered to the niche-held fetish idols we know\"""""
huh    somebody give me something productive to do so i don't fall asleep again 
school is going to be interesting this year   
needs a better reason to go downtown other than to get a pack of dice   
"turkish classical music is too hard, so i resort to playing music from viral internet videos on the ud,"
"remember, kids:  homosexuality is spread through physical contact, so never touch anyone you love ever again!   smile "
"guess who just arranged the time warp for string orchestra!   laugh   also, guess what we should play for this year's pops concert "
"now that i actually have a schedule, here it is annoyed 0: chamber music\1: ib music \2: orchestra\3: ibhl biology\4: ibhl math\5: ib 20th century study in the library (this'll be interesting)\6: ib la hl\7: tok"
has discovered the wondrous uses for human hair in sculpture!   laugh 
"<propmale> o'dor, you are my lord and savior "
's day just became incredibly surreal and wonderful and amazing and other lovely adjectives that cannot effectively describe the disbelief i'm feeling 
oh man! this thing is going to be epic!!!!!
<propfemale> tint my world and keep me safe from my bubbling brain!
is revisiting some of his old string quartets   
"i shout my barbaric \quantapater\"" over the roofs of the world!"""
"\i'm trying to choose between my love of the government and my love of s&m\""\",0c05beeb1382264cf0084c43204e59e2,phosphofructokinase is the best name for an enzyme ever 
has recurring dreams of having to drive a car a long distance with absolutely no driving skills 
does anybody remember how many violinists we have this year?
had an incredibly busy exhausting wonderful day!
sic logslorn the crackling lisp torso rides his dicey ho nuns throughout the town!
it's very hard to organize an event when you're phone-phobic and certain people won't get facebooks or respond to their email   >_>
what's this?  my friends actually like playing my quartets?  blasphemy!   surprise 
why must so many things be done during one weekend?
suddenly discovers how bad he is at drawing insects 
"so, for my playbill, how upset do you guys think fergy would be if i depicted the characters on the cover as insects?"
that turandot is in desperate need of lyrics 
hooray for 13:10 hour school days!   laugh  ingraham class of 2011 is definitely winning this year's section decoration contest 
is now at the point in the ee where he desperately has to avoid physics at all costs   how fun 
"in the battle over what gets written, the <propfemale> concerto beats the extended essay every time "
contrabass is to scarab snot as bratsche is to cat herbs 
"is gay and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize lgbt families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=139142&rsource=stream "
is feeling sick and overloaded 
why is a dinosaur?
do your best and e playful ect the worst and you'll never be disappointed 
"would like some ideas for a jack-o-lantern   last year it was nautilus pompilius, and the year before was a melanocetid anglerfish   i kinda want to stick with the <propfemale> biology theme for this year, too "
"so, there's still an opossum on my front porch   "
huh   there seems to be a dearth of purple clothing that i can actually wear   
harmonizing is so much better without a key signature!   laugh 
can never figure out what to do with second violin parts   > annoyed 
has the tet zoo book!   laugh 
"holy fucking shit this is the most awesome thing i've ever written   of course, nobody's going to be able to play it, and if they can, they won't want to    annoyed "
awesome gig night with my orchestra peeps at the fairmont olympic hell!    laugh 
may have finished his extended essay   @_@
"like this status and i will tell you something completely and utterly false   it'll be an outright lie, but i'll make it interesting "
suddenly realizes that he doesn't have any idea what to title his ee   >_>
"extended essay: accomplished \halloween costume: accomplished \everything else: what?"
has had an awesome (and loooooooooong) day so far   i e playful ect it to improve 
"<propfirst> vitz-wong, <propfirst> a  yule, <propfirst> ceder!  what say you to saturday at <propfirst>'s house whenever the sat happens to be over?  you know why   "
<propfirst> <propfemale> hall!  <propfemale> came back to my porch!   laugh 
"the math 2 sat subject test was pretty difficult, and i probably should have studied   \luckily, it was cushioned by literature and biology e for me, so i didn't feel so bad afterwards, but still "
"congrats on winning 1st place at auburn, ram band!"
"<propfirst> tu and <propfirst> bargones-duckstein: i'm not going to be able to stay after school on monday for stars and stripes, so it looks like we're going to have to do it during chamber orchestra time   that means getting up early, <propfirst> "
"how do you guys think \the orgiastic typewriter\"" would look on a concert program?"""
"a message to the silly people out there who apparently think <propfemale> alleman troxel and i are going out: we are both ardent man-lovers   if i were going out with someone, he would be male   okay?"
auuuuugggggghhhhh
just got home   and now it's math time 
3 hours of little black dots=massive hand cramp   but i'm now 73 2% done!
where did all of my motivation go?  d:
no school tomorrow   it's official 
do you guys think dinter will be at school tomorrow so i can go water my plants?
"hl bio kids!  ms  dinter wrote to tell me that she would be at school this friday so we could water our plants, but she's also willing to come in tomorrow if you absolutely need to do it then   let me (or her) know asap, because it would probably be better if we all came on the same day "
"dinter's at school at 2 surprise 0, so go if you need to "
i  love  stravinsky 
i'll never stop spraying urea   
awesome day   and now i must sleep 
back from iowa city!
the mi is done   now time for lear!
d! s! c! h!
could somebody be so kind as to tell me what happened at school today?
"anything of consequence at school today, kiddies?"
don't you hate it when you skip something because you're sick and don't end up feeling as sick as you thought you'd be?  i'd much rather be at rehearsal    sad 
"\fallacious\"" is the sound a dead rabbit makes """
wants to write cheesy pop-sounding music   what's wrong?
"awesome time at the seattle chamber music society's master class today, guys!"
3rd chair!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh ddddd
"tok was by far my favorite class of my ib career   have fun, ib juniors!"
"<propfemale> loubet-senear, <propfemale> of sparkles, your crown awaits your <propmale> pate "
"so, apparently i'm taking a health class from brigham young university   this should be interesting "
"if you want to evoke your ancestors, use bassoons "
"today was a great day, and things are set to improve for tonight!"
hey theory kids!  what does henderson want us to say about chopin?
mambo!
dead tired   but the ia's done 
i dream of transferring drosophila   
boom chick diggadum
"someone should start the puget sound youth chamber orchestra, just so there can be an ensemble called psycho "
"i had a dream that i wrote a string sextet about an aloe plant that had been raped by a thorny tree that was constantly fluctuating between spring and fall, i e  its leaves would fall off and then regrow all at once   how odd "
is it okay to talk about chords as if you had synaesthesia on theory homework?  >_>
this earth is going to get danced out so hard   
congratulations seattle youth symphony orchestras on a successful sacrifice!
"for those of you who missed sunday's syso concert (<propfemale> <propfemale> lura,dylan <propfirst>, etc ), you can hear the entire thing, including all of the rite, tonight at 8 surprise 0 on 98 1 <propmale> fm   it's epic!"
"so, i suppose i have to tell you guys that i've been accepted into the university of washington "
"if you're not listening to brahms right now, you're a terrible person   jk   but still   do it   do it now   don't miss the poco allegretto "
zomg tune in to 98 1 <propmale> fm rite now 
i'm finally done   i'll also never look at buildings with parabolic roofs the same way ever again   
best   monday   ever 
wow   i won't be surprised if my feet turn purple by the end of thursday   >_>
guess who managed to get absolutely no homework done tonight!
o(berlin)mg
"a phrase from a dream: \prevent drought--save the rainbows!\"""""
