4e595464b8fd343f68a8eb3b7ed2a637
"sooo, is anyone else in kansas city sick of this *%$& snow?  i need snow shoes and a snow blower for this crap!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!
"sooo, when health guru's say that spaghetti squash tastes like pasta, don't believe them   man, diets suck ass   however, i can't complain about 13 pounds lost, so i'll just shut up  smile "
"amazing, when your dumb dog eats rotten food, puke and blowout diarrhea follows   my little ralphie is not the smartest <propfirst> <propfirst> on the block  smile "
"so     word of warning, when a client jokes about putting you in their will to take their dog, they may not be joking   i could inherate another dog!!  it is sooo not fun to get a call from a lawyer, especially in my line of work  smile "
nate and i both just realized that our one year wedding anniversary is next wednesday  smile   we both had completely forgotten!!
"holy hangover batman!  i hope everyone had a safe and awesome night  smile   happy new years!!  here's to 2011- being single, seeing double and sleeping triple (me and the 2 dogs  smile "
"i should probably feel guilty that my wonderful hubby is out shoveling snow by himself, however he is the one who said we would never need 2 snow shovels  smile "
"so, it's still snowing, and i have about 4 inches in my yard already   have i mentioned that i hate snow?  arizona is looking awesome right about now!"
"dear missouri, i would like to extend my thank you for the insane amount of snow outside, keeping in mind that we are in mid march and we just put out grass seed last week   ralphie really appreciates it too, as he loves trying to play in this sh**   ps- i hate you missouri!!!!!!!!"
i'm giving away 5 movie tickets you can use to watch new releases on facebook! http annoyed  bit ly bqyyqk
"i need a bigger sofa   nate, myself and both dogs barely fit!"
"the circle of life sucks    i was bestowed the honor of sending my beloved childhood pet, zoya (15 yr old chihuahua) to rainbow bridge (aka heaven)   she is one of the main reasons i went to veterinary school   we will miss you zoya, rest in peace love "
where has the weekend gone?  it never seems long enough   
i'm like <propfirst> andretti in heels : )
"as i reflect on last night's festivities, i realize i am no longer in my early 20's, where i can party until after midnight and still be fully functional the next day    oh liver, how i wish you were younger  smile "
"dear lord, please let the little neighborhood boy who came around last spring asking to mow my lawn for $20 come around again!   smile   i won't say no this time!!"
taking a break from scrubbing the house   can i just live in a box?  it would take 5 minutes to clean  smile 
no one gets <propfemale> out of her boots but me!
"stl was amazing!! i had sooo much fun, thank you chateau <propfemale>, personal shopper <propfemale> and roller coaster <propmale>  smile   i love you guys!!"
for <propfemale> - sometimes ordinary moments are made extraordinary simply by the company you keep
"i will apologize now, i can't sleep and i'm stuck on some funny picture website!!  it's too easy to hit the share button for facebook "
so paranormal 2- made my adrenals squirt and my feet sweat!
fyi- kc residents can get into the zoo for free in november  smile   went with my sister's yesterday and the polar bear is very cute!
"so, i'm off to the doctor this afternoon, clumsy me has injured my knee (i made a sweet rhyme too)   hopefully just a sprain, but we'll see  sad "
"sooo, cranial lateral meniscal tear (aka jacked up knee)   if i baby it, it should heal w o surgery, but if i don't, i will need surgery  sad   walking on even surfaces is the only exercise for 3-4 weeks   bummer   "
"i'm not gonna lie, i really want to see tron legacy (it's the closet nerd in me smile "
"so, i bought a new sofa that was big enough for me and the dogs to spread out on   we are currently crammed in the corner because they insist on napping on me with the other half of the sofa untouched     go figure "
me- \shit," i gotta get up in the morning and make green bean casserole \""\"4e595464b8fd343f68a8eb3b7ed2a637,"so, not to brag  smile  but    i just grilled my first steak, on my own and i must say, it is awesome!!  master griller in the making!"
"sooo, brought up the christmas tree from the basement (yes, i left all the decorations on it), set up tree, leg breaks so i rigged it to stand (yes, one false move from the dogs and it would fall    i know) and now i come home to find another leg has broken!  tree fortunately fell towards the wall   now, off to purchase new tree!!!  bah humbug"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
birthday lunch with the sister- $30   shopping trip to the mall $*** (i'll never tell)    indulging a 10 year olds love of shoes    priceless!
"i'm not gonna lie, \mike & molly\"" is hilarious!!"""
"new garbage disposal- $100, new water filter- $40, electrical cord hole in desk- $?, most awesome and handy dad- priceless!!  the to do list has been tackled  smile "
"you've got to be f***ing kidding me   just had the big 40k maintenance on the vw yesterday, today it's being towed b c the transmission isn't working!  fml!!!!!!!!!!!  at least i get a free tow and loaner, but i swear, <propfemale> jr  will come out if they try to charge me!!!"
yeah!!  car is back  smile   i missed her sooo much   damn electronics system 
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays!!
the notebook- brings a tear everytime!
"i would like to thank my dad & gpa for the donut lessons, they kept me out of the ditch on 152 this morning as i was doing a 360 across the highway   i would also like to thank the big white tow truck who blocked the right <propfirst> so i could put it in 1st and work myself back on the road   contrary to my usual driving, i was only going 25mph when i changed <propfirst>s  smile   thank you lord for the guardian angels!!"
yeah!!! the drive home was far less eventful than this morning's drive to work  wink  just say no to 360's!
nothing like a little target practice in the morning  smile  i actually have time today to go shooting with my dad!  awesome
"dear wii ea sports active 2, i do love you, although you have kicked my chubby butt this weekend   here's to many more sessions, once my thighs stop burning  smile "
"for those of you with awd 4wd vehicles (specifically small suvs or crossovers), what type do you have and do you love it?  i'm debating trading in the passat for a small awd vehicle and want people's opinions!!  my favorites so far are hyundai tucson and <propfemale> sportage   "
"i've been working out, i can lift it!   wink "
"awesome    to wake up to a sore throat (and bad headache, i don't think its a fever)!!  phooey on you cold bugs, i'll just eat an orange "
fever sore throat + lots of sick pets = grumpy doctor!  bright spot- <propmale> tooth abscess taken care of by one dr  <propfemale> t  smile 
"awesome night- movie and dinner with one of my favorite people, <propfemale>!  no strings attached was very cute and you can never go wrong with elephant bar  smile   weird side note, car fire on n169 and i was the first to call 911 about it!"
"what are you doing tonight?     \ i'm man shopping! \"""""
