607763f67fb92aa940995262ed9d856e
all scheduled up!
thoroughly enjoyed up!
"off to minnesota, then north <propfemale>, then montana (glacier), then south <propfemale> (rushmore, badlands), then eventually back home on july 2nd  see you then!"
"i'm back   thousands of <propmale> and thousands of pictures later    'twas a great vacation across the us, but i am glad to be back!     now for some nice sailing and kayaking weather   "
"i just finished twilight, though i must admit that i prefer <propfemale> rice's novels  lestat is infinitely deeper and more intellectual then <propfirst>, two attributes that appeal to my classical tastes, even when it comes to light summer reads  all things consider"
"i talked to lt jones today, and i have information about how to get hold of him via snail mail! tell me if you are interested in sending a letter to our friend in colorado springs "
i posted information pertaining to reaching <propmale> jones via snail mail  send a note!
"the climb, miley <propmale>  not a bad song "
now for some wind so i may fly with it across the open water 
"i have finished the twilight series  i mentioned earlier twilight's lack in intellectual depth  after finishing the four books, i must admit that while it lacked intellecually, it exhibited much vivid emotional depth  all considered, these books were good"
so   what to read next?
psu's required alcoholedu program for incoming freshmen    why do they continue to subject us to this? have we not had enough of this throughout the last twelve years of nonsense laden schooling?
"7 surprise 0, <propmale>'s house today  writing to <propmale>, eating pizza, etc  rsvp if you can make it "
"i just finished reading the silmarillion (again, though it has been 4+ years)  that is an exceptional tale, oft overlooked but nonetheless worthy of renown equal to that of lotr "
"i just saved $401 66 on textbooks through <propfemale> and a good bit of searching  this said, i think $278 01 worth of books (my ending total) is ridiculous for just the first semester "
i just received the one grad present to rule them all  'tis a waterproof atomic clock + *slide rule* wrist watch 
ahh  i have finished the accursed alcohol course  now to watch a movie and eat pizza 
"i have come to be quite adept at using the slide rule on my wrist  more subtle, but much more useful than so many other gadgets "
watchmen was not as good as i had hoped 
uploading pictures   finally    
"finally after 6 timeouts, i have successfully uploaded an album  pox on the accursed facebook bugs "
i have succeeded in posting a few albums  more shall come later 
hulu + stargate sg-1 =  laugh 
"i am ready to go office space on my laptop  presently i am farting in the general direction of  playful  and wireless bluetooth drivers  now to try win 7   if that fails to work, ubuntu, here i come "
one word: nuke   laugh  it's win 7 time 
"win 7 rocks! automatic drivers, everything works   this is what vista should have been  oh, and we switched internet services   6 2 mb s booya  laugh "
",,,and, with the help of <propfirst>, the main structure of the greenhouse is up!"
"<propmale> is through basic! congrats, cadet jones!"
i just read the universe in a nutshell and was amazed at how many allusions (the title alludes to hamlet) and jokes <propfirst> hawking managed to embed in a book of theoretical physics jargon 
"wishes that the <propmale> python crew would have been the ones to make a movie of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy  if you have read the book, just imagine this    "
today is the big day! the 48'x100' sheet of plastic will be stretched across the greenhouse this evening   laugh  thanks in advance to all who are coming to help!
"   and thanks to the help of a small army of volunteers, the greenhouse plastic is up! thanks to everyone who helped!"
"packing, packing, packing   "
at behrend  all is well 
off to honors calc  at 9 surprise 5 
"well, it has started   homework, reading, college   "
dude! it's a lovesac!
integrate this (i being the integral sign): i(x^2 (1+x^2) dx
i abhor angel > sad 
"ahh  calc, reading, english, reading, gorge, reading, dinner, reading     this is the story of my life "
montana court: do you have a right to medical aid in dying? what do you guys think?
homeward bound   for three days   see you guys on monday!
i just preformed surgery on my camera (replacing the lcd screen)  all is well now 
back at the grindstone 
give me calc   not english   
ahhh  i am able to relax now 
   so the ipod nano now has video and photo taking capabilities    wow 
gis   ironman   gis   ironman           ironman ahh   weekends are excellent vehicles for procrastination 
calc test time 
today is a good day 
"gis, english, and more gis "
"english essay is done, big gis exam tomorrow though    then tutoring, then perhaps a nice nap in the gorge after a long week "
laundry day   and homework time   then some fun 
off to the monday   
i hate wednesdays 
"wednesday is over  thankfully, it was made better by a <propfemale> found after lab and time spent with a certain friend "
"good day! i am now a member of the sailing club, possibly crewing with dr  lasher on sunday in a race, my name is finally in the mix for summer research, and there is a guest speaker coming at 7 surprise 0   should be interesting "
"chem test tomorrow, then weekend!!!"
nasty outside    perfect for a calc party 
ahh  monday 
umbrellas are not of much use when the rain is horizontal 
"the carillon is awesome, and the english essay is a ridiculous rant about disney world "
"parents' weekend was fun, but today is homework day   playful "
squatting monkeys tell no lies 
"loooonnnnnnggggggg day      a breather now, but back at it in a bit   playful "
time to draw some pretty pictures for edsgn
woohoo! themes for chrome!
i saw a melan squirrel today on the way down the hill to obs!
scheduling time!
"the calc book was wrong, and <propfemale> <propmale> is thoroughly incapable of articulating logic "
"gahhhh why, <propfemale> <propmale>, why must you subject us to this?"
english is finally done  now for a gis test   
snow
"fresh sweet potatoes, brie cheese, apples, apple cider, good tea, craisins    best college dinner ever "
"ahh, good old avogadro  happy mole day, everyone!"
learning violin from tiff   quite an e playful erience 
lojban
ahhh  good day 
"<propfirst> cage, 4'33\"",2009-10-30 16:25 smile 8""",607763f67fb92aa940995262ed9d856e,fie on english and all other subjective subjects 
do you know where your towel is?
the <propfemale> concert show was great!
"the microwave, the waste disposal, the orgasmic elasticity of the carpets: this soft, resort-style civilization irresistibly evokes the end of the world "
how do you quote a quote when you cannot access the original? note: annotated bibliography needed 
19 43 mbps wireless 
snow
frosty the snowman + tiffy + hot cocoa =  smile 
i cannot wait to get into researth like this  http annoyed  pubs acs org doi pdf 10 1021 nl901852h?cookieset=1
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
good luck to all on finals!
done done done!
all set with a legitimate copy of win 7  thank you msnaa!
all set with a legitimate copy of win 7  thank you msdnaa!
"i have been introduced to a peculiar, yet tasty, new snack: pretzel-crackers; cracker (akin to cheezits) on one side and pretzel chip stuff on the other "
i have emh <propfirst> i for a shakespeare professor  this is awesome!
i didn't think armadillos lept when startled   i thought they curled up into a ball    apparently for the sake of physics problems they leap a meter or two in the air 
"part ii of a physics problem   note the first parenthetical statement: \now the cannon is pointed straight up and fired  (this procedure is not recommended!) under the conditions already stated (drag is to be ignored) which of the following correctly describes the acceleration of the ball?\"""""
thank you to everyone! sorry i am never online so i am just getting these now 
time to hit the books 
mole day!!!
100 mole day!!!
organic 
"just took my last exam at behrend, and contained the most pages i've ever seen in an exam  way to go out with a bang "
<propfemale> christmas!
"off to it  disgusting drive down, but i'm here now \time to e playful lore!"
"one day down, many to go  so far, up is big and full of great people!"
