b438b8d6996b36e040ce2a4f450b85b5
boredd
is rlly tan smile 
at home smile 
"im happy,text it"
wanna <propfemale> let me no smile 
i might go cut my hair  playful 
boredd text it
3 months babe smile 
hhahahahahahahahah lol
4 months smile 
im boreddd
i papi! ily <propfemale>
5 months tomorro smile 
reece is coming over love 
bored  text me
gettin ready for bed
ugh! freakin surgery is posponed im sooo mad
watching a stupid movie thinkin about goin to do something
so im happy and thats all that matters and no one can take that from me
went to the er this morning at 4 smile 0 oh what fun
ambers coming over!
im sooo boredd
leavin soon for concert  later
at the hospital  grandpas not doin to good their taking him off life support soon 
oh today today today
<propfemale> ur giving <propfemale> pop ups! well i am to lol
god picks good people to be his angels  at 11:14 this morning god chose my grandpa <propfirst> waite now his is pain free and lives up in heaven and watches over me and my family god will keep him safe and happy in heaven i love you grandpa always&forever  3 27 10
well today was the funeral   
cant wait til spring break!
omg today is like the best day ever!
"i'll be your cryin shoulder, i'll be love suicide, i'll be better when im older, i'll be the greatest fan of your life   "
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment 
really cold;;no school for me tomorrow because i finally have my surgery laugh    goin to bed nite
woah baby!
gunna try rlly hard to go to school tomorro i'll be a lil loopy but i gotta go 
track meet tomorro doc says im not allowed to participate annoyed 
track meet today fun! cant participate tho annoyed 
i fell asleep in 8th hr today and fell asleep during 2nd hr yesterday!those were the first times ive ever fell asleep in school  dang medicine lol
if your brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8 dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: rude 
im not doing anthin but i no whos doughty doughty doughing!!  laugh 
"i look to you for my light, my wisdom, my guidance, my life, my love, my everything love   i need you forever&always"
"i look to you for my light, my wisdom, my guidance, my life, my love, my everything?   i need you forever&always"
cant wait til school is finally over  sucks that its only monday
just found out kissing boosts up your matabolism and helps lose weight  so keep kissing people! hahah
just got back from my track meet
just sitting here lol wishing the weekend wuld just start already!
school  then my track meet then to go see my babe smile 
my babe left just now     sad 
school tomorro  fun fun as always
flag tryouts today! woot! woot! bring it on new people smile 
just got home from tryouts good job today ladies smile 
good job today ladies  congrats to the new girls! this years gunna be fun1
i wont and will never take anthing back and i will not apologize for something that i did not start
"well the boyfriend is sunburnt from us being at the quarry today,so im trying to help him not be in so much pain"
worked outside today! woot! haha no
oh <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> u surprise me with stuff everyday lmao
sitting here cold now because my momma has the air on
exams tomorrow then my bestfriends purse party  woot!
bed  exams  bestfranns purse party then idk what else but good nite all smile 
well schools out! tomorro i have to go play at the graduation and my bro is graduating then off to the boyfriends smile 
sleepy
9 months today smile  jrc love 
just on here bored  wanna go somewhere
<propfemale> excited the boyfriend and the best best best friend is coming over tomorro for the bros graduation party smile  bonfire after hopefully
getting things ready for the party i hope it wont rain
"well somethings change,some people change, but i'll always be the same smile "
i think giving up on something just shows that you dont have the guts to do it
gunna go get the boyfriend tomorro and then to a lil <propfemale> dig
leaving for texas tomorrow!  smile 
finally home  smile 
happy for tomorrow smile 
mann its tough  stuff just hits you really hard and it just doesnt give you time to grasp it
hanging with reece gotta do my math homework too
one year today! 09 08 09 smile 
why must it be so cold in this house
"oh man,why cant everyone just be nice and get along for once      but i guess that doesnt happen when you have a high school life lol"
had a great weekend with the bf  rach got her dress yay! lol
"no homework smile   shower,talk to the boyfriend then bed   text me"
here at reeces house <propfirst> and rach are playing halo lol
bored  nothing to do today text me smile 
you live and you learn but the best part is just having fun with the people you love and enjoy what you love doing and just live every moment to your fullest advantage
"i got the horseshoe today smile   rain stinks,wish i didnt have school tomorro"
got outta school early today smile 
woot! weekend here we come!
not sick anymore smile 
"well today was a good day,until <propfemale> hit the band ceiling light with her pole and it fell down lol so fun seeing steirmans face"
doctors appointment at 11  get to see reece tomorro smile  jrc love 
had a fun weekend smile  jrc love 
rlly tired  worked today cutting trees suck!
hopefully weekend will be good  gunna go see the bestfriend if shes still in the  hospital tomorro
had a fun weekend smile   school tomorro then practice
ugh! super tired!!   gunna go take a shower
thanksgiving tomorro hope everyone has an awesome time!  smile 
going to watch the macys parade  happy thanksgiving everyone smile 
boyfriend is over smile   kinda tired lol
well turns out im buying the boyfriends christmas gift tomorro lol
"\how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?\""   \""mm   lets find out  \"""""
im so excited for this weekend!
boyfriend is coming over smile 
oh man yesterday was sooo much pain! haha ouch!
at reeces going to the kid rock concert tomorrow smile 
i got a promise ring from reece last night love   its so pretty i love it!     3 more days til my birthday!
almost the 25th    yay birthday!
thank you everyone for the happy birthday commemts smile 
with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
watching tv   so glad its the weekend
video games with <propfemale> then waiting for reece to get off work
