54ca8820598bd55b63b612525704b68a
my son is 5 years old today!
just got finished doing 2 financial analysis reports for client businesses 
"just got back from a 2 day workshop that the national alliance on mental illness (nami) sponsored to train people to be speakers for their \in our own voice\"" program  it is a program where people with mental illness speak to groups to give them a glimpse of the lives of those with mental illness  i'm tired and ready to go to bed!"""
has survived the first day of class for his small business management class on monday nights and principles of management class on tuesday nights  how long till christmas break?
was elected to the state board of directors of nami-texas (national alliance on mental illness)
just finished teaching another class of small business management  now i need to make a test for them to take 
is speaking at the washington county rotary club at noon at the old cannery bldg  about nami and his e playful erience with mental illness  if you don't know what nami is come and find out!
is working feverishly to get prepared for a marketing class that he is teaching at university of houston-downtown for the spring semester that starts tomorrow!!!! help!!
my son won first place saturday in swimming; freestyle and backstroke!!!
had my first meeting as president of the rotary club of brenham! it went well 
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!!!!!!
"had meet the teacher night last night  <propmale> is starting first grade at first baptist church school  he said, \i think i'm going to like it at my new school \"" i just hope he keeps that attitude!"""
just got my new glasses   with progressive lenses  please tell me i'm not old!
"getting ready to take <propmale> to the harvest festival (a k a  halloween carnival)  oh, i'm excited    "
about to go ride the polar e playful ress with my wife and son 
got some steroids from my doctor for my asthma and sinuses  hope this is the begining of the road to recovery!
"after 5 smile 0pm today, no more work until january 3, 2011!!!!!!!!!"
thank you to everybody who wished me a happy birthday!!
made it through the first week of school teaching two principles of marketing classes at the university of houston-downtown!
i am spending saturday working on the college classes i teach 
<propfemale>'s got pneumonia  i guess she won't be cooking dinner 
is irritated at people who drive slow in the fast <propfirst>! the left <propfirst> is for faster traffic!!!! i hope you're not one of these people!!!
