248f553d804b08e6e8848f58d688f725
"oh yeah it's 40 degrees outside and me, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> just got outta the san <propmale> river"
"one typical ejaculation contains 150 mg of protein, 11 mg of \carbohydrates, 6 mg fat, 3 mg cholesterol, 7% us rda potassium and 3% us\ rda copper and zinc  the protein content is roughly equivalent to that \found in one egg white  \\also, women physically e playful osed to semen are less likely to suffer from \depression  studies \suggest that seminal plasma both prevents and fights cancer, \particularly breast cancer "
"packing up to head to texas tech, goodbye gainesville hello world"
"all moved in to my dorm room, met some friends and my roomate seems pretty cool!"
arghh i wish my dentist would have told me the severe headaches come like a week later  then maybe i wouldn't have forgotten my medicine   
"first day of classes  went well, lots of walking though but all in all its good "
"just got back from habitat for humanity, time for a hot shower and to take it easy "
so poly sci is an extremely boring 8 o'clock class 
nothing like a comeback win in cutthroat to brighten your day
yay academic physical? get to work my brain out after my day of classes already killed it
ugh cant sleep   class is gonna suck in the morning
mmmmm 3 hour programming lab 
any suggestions for something to do tomorrow?
finally back home  casey donahew was awesome    and alligator is freaking delicious
woooooohoooooo go ttu 35-27 win over smu
8 o'clock is gonna be the death of me 
done with calculus hw now to hit up the rec with some friends!
man being a genius sure is a double-edged sword
first legit triple shot in pool! i think i may spend too much time here in between classes
time to hit up rec with buddies
been camping out at the gate to the stadium since midnight! time to shower and head back out there
<propmale> <propmale> puts the laughter in manslaughter 
well it turns out toy story 3 is a pretty good movie   who would have guessed
well resident evil: after life was better then e playful ected!
well donating blood wasn't like the horror stories you hear   actually enjoyed it!
well crap   just found out my astronomy lab is tomorrow not next week   o the joy
that's half the reason i mainly die sometimes 
well zumba is actually pretty fun! glad i went
o the joys of insomnia 
yeahhhh corn maize record time of 14 minutes!!
the higher you build your hopes the harder it hurts when you fall
first college all nighter dedicated to studying    not sure whether to be excited or depressed
"so apparently programming a mock craps game takes way more logic then originally thought  after two hours finally got it done, now time to tweak it around a little"
"just had a freaking awesome night, really needed it too!"
mmmmm laundry at 3 in the morning    just how i like it  annoyed 
"how ironic, i got a speeding ticket in a town called holliday on my way home for holiday"
"feels good to be back home, getting ready to go hunting!"
"welp my great gma passed away yesterday, funeral saturday "
"heading back to tech, hope no ticket on the way back lol"
last day of classes over! finals    bring it on
"as we celebrate awareness month, please copy this status if you know anyone, or know anyone who knows anyone "
"one final down, only 4 more to go  annoyed "
despicable me on the movie channel! been wanting to see this
status update loading      failed!
<propfirst> aldean was amazing!
goo packers! 21 to 3!!
hell yeah packers get it done!!!
schweet 44mph winds with a -16 wind chill!
finally finished my program to verify credit card <propfirst>! ahh the feeling of accomplishment 
"south padre here <propfirst> allred and i come, hope your ready"
hitting the roadways finally!
time to change my watch to island time!
ah the long road back from south padre island  but the trip was more then worth it!
back in good ole gville
"ah more driving, only 5 hours before i can drop my keys and take a break"
<propmale> turner - i wouldn't be a man  awesome song
"one week, 1754 <propmale>, and a million memories later, finally back in lubbock"
who woulda thought inflatable obstacle courses could still be so much fun 
get to the choppaaaaa
