0df701fd88d5bc364de7b3cc5b53091b
what to do?
lame
i dont have class tomorrow yay me!
"rain, rain, good thing i don't have class in the music hall "
had a long day but don't feel like going to bed yet 
"bored, dont have class till later  kindda mad"
"fml,fa sucks ass,and i don't know if i should trust him    "
at home    
"went home saw my mom, ate good food, voted and came back too do my math homework, lame "
yummy food! yay!
blah      can't think
i'm bored i need a new book          
happy birthday jesus! marry christmas every one! hope you all got more than just coal in your stockings!
"its raining, my head hurts     this sucks "
last night was cold    but i did get a pleasant surprise so i'm happy 
back in east bay 
pink
omigosh! i love this book 
finished dear <propfirst> last night  i  love  n  sparks books 
vero is lame 
science class    the longest 2 hours of my day 
"just got my test back     i'm kindda bummed i got a \b\"""""
yay! i got a b in geo  i win 
"you will for ever be with me, tqm mama <propfemale> "
ex-boyfriends are just off limits to friends  i mean that's just like the rules of feminism 
today was a good day 
just made some cupcakes 
painting all day long isn't as fun when your alone 
still painting     my mom better like this     
i hate being this sick  sad 
my head hurts    
i like it on my desk  wink 
"had an amazing weekend, can hardly wait till next weekend!"
fml i hate the internet at the dorms
"had a good day today \l a t i n a s ? conquistadores"
oh its ganna be a long night 
yummy kettle corn 
"had an amazing day with <propfemale> cano & <propfemale> garcia  had some hella good  clam chower, bought matching earrings and got to say farewell to my little sis with the dreads and yes i did all this      with a purpose  playful  imma miss you pris "
i love it when my <propfemale> brings me strawberries 
"i  love  my little sister      sometimes, like right now "
"my foot hurts, and ummm yea"
so much to do      so little time 
why do i feel like a mom?
so you know its on like popcorn     lmao
"today was a good day, i  love  having amazing people in my life "
congrats to the new hayward city council member <propfirst> salinas!
i wanna go to <propfemale> 
why have i been getting sick so much?
"today was awesome, tomorrow will be fun and thursday i get to be with awesome people yay!"
"i love running into weirdoes at the wharf \dammit i should be asleep oh well "
"hella happy because mexico won\  missing my girls  "
got home and talked about the game with my dad  love 
 love  mi papi
fml
had waayyyyy too much to eat     
when did my house become the homework help center?????
im bored     and i cant even go out cause vero is sick 
"its official i'm the worst daughter ever\supper sad face  sad "
i miss my girls!!!!!!
its only when everything is going right that i think something is wrong    
 love  love  just gonna stand there and hear me cry but that's alright because i love the way you lie ??
" love  had an amazing day, i got to see some of my favorite people in the world, went to garlic fest ate garlic ice cream, kangaroo, calamari and garlic bread yum!"
everything happens for a reason     ke no?
? i'm so over you got no more to give i gave it all to you and you couldn't handle it ?
" love  her eyes are brown and beautiful, yet empty and sad    "
"i put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process   love "
no sleep  annoyed 
some things are just meant to be    
this is tearing me apart i wish i could be in your soft arms  love 
"i absolutely love seeing my girls  love  \     and hearing them on the phone lol\cant wait till we're all together again  love   smile "
 love  central coast weather  love 
"long day, meeting in hayward, then one at school then off to berkeley, all in all  it was nice to spend time with some of my girls wish all of them could have made it  love "
"there are days when all the beautiful memories you left behind aren't enough to hold the tears back, there hasn't been a day in these past six years that i don't think about both of you  until the day we meet again "
"happy independence day to costa rica, el <propmale>, guatemala, honduras, and  nicaragua"
"felicidades a mi mèxico lindo y querido cumpliendo sus 200 años de independencia  love \estoy muy orgullosa de ser de la cuna de la independencia\ love  guanajuato  love "
"back at east bay  smile   \still have some unpacking to do  sad "
 love  movie night with the roomies  love 
"today was ok, tomorrow should be better  smile "
"why is it so impossible to get over you? blahhhhh, looks like another restless night "
home for the weekend  love 
 love  summer-alien ant farm  love 
l a t i n a s + tke + yummy food= a real good night   love   love   love   love 
nice evening at the park 
"love-my-sisterweek! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears,hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on& kept you strong, copy & paste this as a status  sisters arepromises that we'll have a friend forever! post if you have an amazing sister! love you veroka!!!"
this time my heart was wrong 
loves her roommate <propfemale> perez laboriko! she's basically the best thing ever   smile 
oh you would estefaniii you would do that     fine no yummy pancakes for you!!!!! hahaha
"fun nights with amazing roommates      i love em all  thinking about someone,you better know who you are, and hey, i should have known from the start that you were a blessing in my life, i can hardly wait till we can talk again"
"long night, saw lots of people, yet there is only one on my mind     "
"study, study and study some more      oh and <propmale> projects  love "
yay!!!! giants won! yall made the bay area proud 
"feliz <propfemale> de los muertos\time to celebrate life\ love   love   love   love   love   love   love "
"my head hurts, i feel a migraine coming on      imma die!!!!!"
my head still hurts     i have things to do     guess i have no time for sleep 
yay!!!! for smelling like shower    
donde hubo fuego cenizas quedan
<propmale> smell me please
"<propmale> fortitude gonzalez is a dirty trash can full of poop\ laugh "
"i couldn't ask for better roommates family friends, thank you all for the birthday wishes "
its official 24 years ago today i was born  love  11 11 @11pm
not a good weekend  sad 
"being sick sucks     blahhh, i hate it!!!! i have a million things to do and no energy"
 love  sprite
sleep time!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't fall asleep     fml
on my way to church     yay!!!!!!!!!!!
just ate my favorite food  love   love   love   love 
"can't fall asleep     i'm too mad sad\i hate it when people ruin my life(ok it was just my night but still) by being so dam rude"
"today, i \called a few people to try and get them to vote for the dream act\made tamales\went to my moms awkward company christmas party\went to one of the most interesting pastorela that i have ever seen\made fun of my younger cousins    \yup today was nice "
my phone died so i got a new one txt me your name so i can save it  please and thank you 
"had a wonderful day with my parents (and my sister), yummy food and yummy cake  yup my parents being married 25 years is awesome    "
getting ready for the first day of winter '11 classes  love 
"homework, homework, homework and then more homework "
"boo!!!!! i forgot to leave a shoe out so the <propmale> would leave me my presents     hmmmm, i should find out their email and ask to have them fedex my gifts to me  smile \ love "
"i'm cold, my stomach hurts and i have a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggggggg class  sad "
"blah, blah, blah the great depression     blah,blah,blah the government      blah,blah,blah capitalism    this class sucks"
"hmmmm i want something to drink, but the kitchen is soooooooo far and i have lots of homework to do  sad "
food???? yes plz
booo! my stomach hurts    
homework then sleep  love 
time to put on some  <propfemale> hill
i hate when i can fall asleep cause i have wayyyyyy to much on my mind     this week has been crap 
 love  sleeping at home in my supper comfy bed
"blah \i'm very,very,very, very upset "
"i don't feel like going to class, i don't like these eyedrops "
"just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, that doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have    \     i hope "
killing people is bad  kthanxbye 
best part of the day? oh yes 
