d1b08dd84c1757dde92254c2cbf7a415
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for the ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy; they just promised it would be worth it     post    to your wall if you agree?"
kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seat cause kids 
"thanks everybody for all the sweet birthday wishes! \i'm celebrating on the weekend wink  with a designated driver if i can find one lol \xoxooxo"
"i think the hardest part about fb is learning each other all over again  after 20+ years we are not the same as we used to be  thank god i'm not the same, or life would just be a big party 24 7 "
"somethings are just better left unsaid, all i need to do is try to keep my mouth quiet"
<propfemale>'s turning 15 thursday  wink 
<propfirst> phillips last night was fucking amazing i love my sissy kayla!9 hours ago via facebook for iphone · comment · likechantel <propfemale> dagenais likes this 
"i've never used the <propmale> photoshop until today, i think i need a class or two wink "
"if the world was all hyped up on prozac like they are about <propmale>, the world would be so much sweeter wink "
"one of my 1 year old kitties loves to climb the christmas tree!!! every time i catch him, i shoot him with the water bottle, but he still doesn't learn?!?!"
 love  <propfemale> christmas everyone  love 
resolutions for 2011     i only have one day to figure them out yikes!!
"i've been busy with the kids, and getting the house packed  here in a couple of weeks i'm gonna have a garage full of stuff that will be given away    i'll post it here when i'm ready, if you have daughters, plan on coming by before the salvation army truck comes  we'll be moving at the end of feb  love "
"stepdaughter and sisterinlaw, omg its been such a long time  wink "
"whew! that was a hard move!! it seems we have too much stuff \thanks to my dear friends who came and lent a hand! love you"
"? new schools next week  love  \girls: shine bright, always be sweet, and get the best scores you can, all the rest will come naturally  i  love  u"
love this house wink 
"i had a crazy dream last night  it was about my husband  the one i haven't seen or spoke with in 3 years  <propfemale> had a dream about him too last night, thats weird    "
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs  the boy you called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4 hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
so i've been cigerette free for 2 5 weeks yae!!!
