bfc30b684ceb277ac418904b492a226e
"\jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies\""  laugh  ha ha i love this """
is sooo glad she's single right now    
is wondering why my phone is a nazi   
"has a headache, wants to cry, and still feels amazing close to god  ahh, this is life  smile "
"how can you be watching everything around you in your life move in motion, be hearing things that arent even said to your face, and be feeling the kind of pain and joy combined that only your own heart could deliver, and have your eyes, ears, and heart cl"
"is tired and has to work today, and deeply wishes it would storm"
"is convinced her computer is a nazi, and is working in collaberation with her cellular "
"wants a pinata of a boy, with a target marked right between the legs, and a big bat   smile  heh heh"
is so thankful for brown cows  playful  and loves chocolate milk and psalm 40:28
loves dark chocolate  smile  yuummmm 
"is glad she's not diabetic, sugar levels are way to high, and is also knee deep in all this mush  anyone catch my drift?"
any guys interested in going to a haunted house on halloween? we have girls going already and are in need of guys! lol
ba-da-dap  today is a good day =o)
ughh creepos were way worse than normal tonight! why would you hit on a carhop?? how can a vizor be that attractive? lol
"watching cake boss, which is obviously the cool thing to do on a saturday night, and i totally think someone should start a take-out cake business  cake sounds sooo yummy right now!  smile "
top ramen noodles are not nearly as good as maruchan ramen noodles    this baffles me   
"did anyone else know theres a twilight magazine? not like, its featured in a magazine, but like it is the magazine, cover to cover   obbbbbsesssion much?"
bout to watch baby mama    funniest movie ever!  smile  haha
baking cupcakes   anybody have a sweet tooth???  smile 
"its funny to me, how sometimes you think you want one thing, but it takes getting the opposite to help you understand how it really wasnt what you wanted at all  =o)"
thanks to everyone who's wished me a happy birthday!  smile  love you guys!
is having <propfemale> vu  why do i feel like ive had this argument before? multiple times?? oh wait  i have  ugh   
does anyone else think the park by the train station is pretty? i'd like to take a walk down there at night  smile 
hmmm     i do not like being on this end of things    grrrr
"\i got college paid for by being a scholarship whore\"" bahaha  laugh """
"is a total nerd and wants to see avatar sooo bad! everyone told me i was a loser, but i just know its gonna be a great movie! lol"
just made double chocolate chip pancakes =o) yuuummm!
is stressssed! grrrr     i need play-doh 
"stressed, ridiculously so  any advice on student loans, which i loathe so passionately?"
all better  smile  grants are absolutely lovely  and even better when you figure out you got one!
"is now \a cool nun\""    haha if i had a nickel for everytime i've been called a nun     i'm not even catholic!"""
"if you were a <propfemale> i'd sing you all the time, and if your hands were poetry, i'd memorize every line, and if every look you gave me were a different <propfemale> or shade of color, i'd learn how to paint you  smile - try by <propfemale> edwards"
thinks that people with an iq of less than 60 should not be allowed in college  no matter how much their parents are willing to pay to get them there 
and since when does an online course need a 17 <propfemale> syllabus??? maybe they should save the paper they waste writing pointless parking fines and just print it out and mail everyone a copy 
fiiiinally got her books in! i'm pretty sure my biology book weighs about half of what i do 
imma straight up cakesta!
ohh how ramen sooths my soul  smile 
whatever kind of aids infested photo video commenting thing is going around like an std will someone please get it off? or tell me how to get it off?  sad  or stop it or something!
"ohhh geez  who else would freak out and rush to turn in a paper and then apologize for it being a day late, only to have her instructor inform her she's a month early? no one but me i think "
"so not only was i a month early in turning in one of my papers, but today i forgot which class i was supposed to go to, and showed up two hours early  i'd say i'm in desperate need of a planner  <propfemale>!!  wink "
misses her long hair     desperately 
can anyone e playful lain to me why countless amounts of money and time are spent on weather research and forecasting if no one seems to listen to it???
"has lost her phone in the snow, if anyones trying to reach her  sad "
is it sad that i enjoy heartshaped boxes filled with <propfemale> even though i'm single? lol i think not 
i want a baby elephant    who is nocturnal so i can play with him in the dark  smile 
"now has a phone again  anyone who has my number, it would be amazing if you could text me with your name please and thank you!  smile "
"seriously people  i need phone <propfirst>  i don't want to have to wait forever to get everyones <propfirst> back! please text me if you already have my number, and include your name! lol"
anyone up for a bonfire?  wink  bah ha ha ha
is in love on valentines day  with whom you ask? my god  who is intimately in love with me as well   smile 
just found her phone that was lost in the snow  and it works fine!
"if you love me for the beauty of my personality, then i'll stay here forever don't you see, if you need me with a hunger with a hope and with a dream, then i'll stay here underneath this <propfemale> tree   smile "
grrrrr    
"college students: bible study tomorrow night, at dr  sears' house  be there at 8 smile 0 for an amazing night of worshipping our <propmale> and fellowshipping  everyone is welcome  if you don't know anyone there, then you'll leave with lots of new friends  smile  if you need directions or more info, just ask   smile "
votes we move the ocean to denton 
"has had a really not so good, pretty horrible actually, day    but ya know, i'd rather go through this day ten times than end up in a whale belly!"
cheez-it party mix is my jam  smile 
has noticed an awful lot of jesus worshipping on facebook lately    and loves it  smile 
do those sad pet commercials make anyone else tear up?  sad   sad   sad  poor animals!!!!
would like to leave math class     now  ugh 
is eating chocolate animal crackers  smile     oh the joy of coacoa flavored circus animals  haha
has a new found irritation for new razors  thanks <propfemale>! but i only wanted to shave my legs    not grate them into bits 
is so confused  <propfemale> 
"is craving honeysuckle, hurry up summer!  smile "
college age bible study tonight at dr  sear's house in gainesville!! college aged people should definitely come  smile 
"hey just letting everyone know there will be a bible study this week, at dr  sears' house, as usual, 8 smile 0 pm!  smile  it's for college-ish aged students, and we would love to have new faces  smile  seriously  if you're interested at all, message me or someone and get more info!  smile "
is craving frozen yogurt    yep   it's about that time 
oh the bittersweet of tuesdays    i'm thinking it's about that time   about that time for some frozen yogurt 
"is slightly annoyed at people's inability to use proper grammar  awareness doesn't need to hyphenated, nor does analysis "
"this is the best tuesday i've had all semester, hands down "
"cause i'm not easy to understand, but you know me like the back of your hand, i'm your girl and you're my man, and we're makin plans    cause i know you like the back of my hand, got a heart of gold and a piece of land, i'm your girl and you're my man, and we're makin plans      smile "
"has a thing for chocolate easter bunnies, the dark chocolate kind to be exact   smile "
"a drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, i was prayin that you and me might end up together, it's like wishin for rain as i stand in the desert, but i'm holding you closer than most, cause you are my heaven   smile "
"okay so    earlier, around 6 i was at a redlight and a guy across from me in a white suburban  ish vehicle, waved at me like he knew me  i couldnt tell who it was and it's driving me crazy  anyone wanna fess up?"
"ugh, i now have a gaping hole in my foot, due to some vengeful piece of scrap-metal that stabbed through my flip flop  okay maybe i'm exaggerating, but i'm still pretty bitter about it  today bites  <propfemale> i want my frozen yogurt  now "
"call me old, but special k cereal is my jam   laugh "
my back is killing me!    any chiropractors or masseuses in the house?
other people's birthdays are so much fun to plan  smile 
"if you just realize what i just realized, then we'd be perfect for each other and will never find another just realized what i just realized we'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other now   smile "
needs her back popped badly    chiropractor please??
"can now officially add home-made jam jelly and fried pies to her list of cooking abilities  haha my \wifey\"" potential better have just went up!  wink """
"so i found an ironman action figure in my car today, and automatically assumed it was one of the kid's i babysit  and then i remembered, 'oh no wait, this is <propfemale>'s!!' haha"
"goodness gracious lord  you are doing some great and mighty things! our little group of friends is off to war soon, we're all enlisted in your army and ready to serve you, god  thank you abba father  thank you so much  love you "
just registered for classes  so excited!!  laugh 
twinkies: 36 ingredients--- homemade twinkies:7  laugh  for those who make homemade twinkies haha
"is running away, would anyone care to join?  smile "
"college bible study tonight: 8 smile 0 @ the sears' house in gainesville, everyone is welcome and invited! if you need directions or have questions text me! (940)  641-0636"
oh how yann tiersen soothes my soul  smile  such lovely compositions  beguiling 
poooor <propfemale>  poor thing's probably so traumatized  she's gonna be scarred  literally   sad 
has anyone seen <propfemale>? i'd like to borrow her slippers   
thank you to the secret stranger who put flowers on my car this morning  wish you would have signed the card!  smile 
"5 reasons to love a townhouse full of girls' clothes  1 casual sexy 2 country bumpkin, 3 thrift store chic 4 glamorous prep 5 captain fashion "
"quote of the day \[some guys are like] you flirted with me like two days ago     so should we date?\""-katie <propfemale> """
wants to have a girls only pinata party with a strategically placed target symbol a steel bat   smile 
