27600f5984bdcdae501c1fe6ae3d5999
"today will be a great day!!! dumb new years is over 2010 is in affect and a black man is president    gas is going up, the economy is stagnant, i cant find a job, people still like to blow themselves up in large crowds, health care is still unaffordable, and most importantly people are still mindless narcissistic ignorant paranoid troglodytes     and i still dont give a    care  smile "
has no need to identify or be identified with anyone    
send the pain below    where i need it 
i love snes   
i would like to have a moment of silence for the us soccer team's defense in yesterdays 3-2 defeat and epic fail    up 2 nil in the first 20 <propfemale> you managed to blow a huge lead that would have finally gotten you respect on the international front  but ins
moment over    really? really    you over payed bastards need to get your self's together or don't bother showing up and representing    yes i said it  be a team with some sort of heart or whatever you've been missing for the last 2 decades  i almost neve
"now <propfemale> is talking trash    \bla bla bla with brazil all is possible\""   bla bla bla    if we win all games it not be fun no?\""    fliping brazilians   """
wishes all his enemy's a good day            it will by your last  the split is in effect 
bla bla bla deal with it    
is looking for something to get outraged about     cant find anything    except these people crowding my universe    with there stupid social systems    hay!!! i know        how about insurrection of the highest possible order 
is depressed                  screw that!!!
friends are cool     people suck 
i love my friends       no really!  smile 
sometimes i like to just saver the moment    dead men tell no tales   
i want that one!!
"yesterday i learned its not good to store tupperware in the oven       of course i know that, but a friend of mine made it so much clearer    that and that water doesn't put out all fires    sometimes it makes them worse   "
how many knees could a negro grow if a negro could grow knees?
define friend    
people ruin everything 
"making tofu general tao's    stir fryie    foodie, vegetabl'ee  stuff     yaya!!!!!!!!!!!"
tacooooooooooooooos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"t was a dark night, pitch black, mar 12, 19    approximately 11 smile 0 p m , a half black child was born  upon his arrival and rapid growth, being e playful osed to the many casualties of the mindless masses of humanity pineing out there meager existence forcing all to conform and crushing all who appose  realized what must be done     he must bring the ruckus to all you  my mission in life    to bring the ruckus!!!!!!!"
"as we <propmale> thru the broken avenue of our monotonous little lives  we can always say that we have loved, have had money  have had friends, and had hobby's  lives of our own   but the world around us has other plans for our lives  they are controlled by the early risers, the go getters, the money hordes, the elite, the landlords, the slave drivers  sweep up the shattered fragments of your youth and remissness   on you "
mutual friends    really   
"music is something to listen too, by oneself   "
i dont care    remember that    it is the key to understanding me    have you been with me this long and not come to know me?? i only care when i'm inclined too    and i'm inclined to when something matters    which is subjective    if you don't have any effect on my life then chances are you dont matter    if you dont have your facts right then you dont matter    if you put your opinion above truth you dont matter 
board bla bla nothing going bla bla bla tacos     
tacos    ramen                                                               yay!!!
way to go browntown    good job    realy classy   
just got back from camping     yay ac     yay! i love you ac     i love you!
wow    that's all i got to say   
octoberfeast2009   
"had a apifiney!!!!  most people are not worth talking too     and the the ones that are, dont talk much   "
"is making pot roast    w  potatos, onions, green peppers  and carrots while cleaning and watching man u woop blackburn 2- nill    i dont get why housewives complain, this is so easy    omg if i could have a wife who worked and had me stay home and do this stuff    her food would allways be on time, her clothes pressed and i would rinder her my due with out complant    (unemployment month #6)"
i take my last statement partially back     i like work as much as i hate it    
bla bla obama bla bla             bla bla bla bad bla bla bla we can! bla bla bla obama bla bla bla     
"good game <propfemale>    but lets see if u can win it when the reff does'nt give the free kick with ten minutes to play    and manchester    realy??!!       sloppy    you where holding your oun for awhile, but far too comfortable on the ball i hope you take them far more seriously next time  there on the top for a reason     prop's where due     <propfemale>'s defence was tight "
just listen to me    
suppose to be on a cruise today           got canceled            not happy       had a killer deal         this fails      big time 
indian place near my house is pretty good     indian food so good    
"hate's people who dont know how to look pass someones past, like \they\"" dont have history too     """
i love buying beer by the keg          
i bougtt a keg    shock top           yay!!!
got my kinder chocolate     mmmmmm     you cant have any    dont ask     thank you!!!! stephie!!! woot kinder ftw!! imo
chocolate overload    
paint     yay   
"that was not just fail    that was a kuiper fail        \galactic fail\"""""
i hate clowns             hate them    
"\yo soy lo que soy \""  \""no me voy \"" \""buscandome \"""""
"\some people don't believe in the night elf mohawk\""          \""i pity the foo\"""""
learn to drive     please      or go home and drive retarded there 
i hate when people start thinking    when there not good at it    
"hates people    who think there funny or hack off others jokes but fail    then try to change them and make them better and fail    but still try to e playful lain said fail joke and thus fail on fail joke e playful lanation     equation   (fail*2) hack*fail joke + fail e playful lanation = epic fail   steves hate = disdain    (10 things i hate about you  aka \people\""     indiscriminately mind you    #2)"""
is happy today     why is every one so suprised???
"please copy and paste this  to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone,  who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face  affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who  deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can  raise awareness      "
helping my dad stain and glaze cabinet doors  even if im not getting payed    it is satisfying to work    weird huh 
friday and nothing to do                fail
saturday           nothing to do             fail      again                   
got pulled over for  the first time in 5 years tonight     warning     yay     i pull out to fast     thats what she said   
<propfemale> in chains tonight     yes
"dilemma     want to go to barns and <propmale> and get a caramel macchiato  and pratice some programming    but concert starts a 5 so barley have enough time too get into it, but have to much time to burn    but that macchiato sounds so good on its own     sooooo    ?? "
"so i get to the cafe and they have rudely blocked off the power saying is not for public use     really     really? so cheep you cant give us laptop owners some power? really why am i here? o yeah to use my laptop!!!! epic fail  people suck  you ruin my universe and i hate you    collectively yes, yes i do  with the exception of the cafe slaves  this macchiato is good    i like them  they can stay in my universe "
concert    fun
bayern munich  for the win!
im going to miss <propfirst>                            
reactions are not vengeance     
o the disinterest the disinterest    need inspiration    but i dont care 
mmmm big <propmale>'s got  99$ tacos now     <propmale>s or stevies     h<propmale>f price wings or h<propmale>f price pizza and n  99$ taco        o the dilemma 
no i dont care    like i said before
germany 4 australia 0         wow that was a dominating performance    good show
ha ha that will teach you to underestimate your opponent italy!!! its not like paraguay hasent beat great teams like     maybe brazil!! or <propfemale>!!!! go paraguay!! 1-0 at the half
i hate italy     1-1
"go south korea!!! good game! pretty passing, near misses    now if only the european teams would start playing like that      lol"
thinks theres a conspiracy against the us soccer team that's two goals now that have been waved off    realy!! really?? whats so interesting is that the us has a good team that seems like thay actual have heart and wont let the powers that be ruin there chances    wow i'm impressed    guess you switched just in time <propfirst> lol!!!
nice goal    honda san!! that was so sweet     from way out there too    you fail denmark goalkeeper san   
yeah    thats about right                                         ghana
a moment of silence for mother england                     that was brutal
epic fail brazil     theres all ways next world cup lol  fail
spain and germany      that will be a blowout or a really close game    its all on which spain comes out to play   uruguay netherlands    well i think we all know how that one will turn out     
"cant believe that spain sat <propmale> torres     fail    so what if he has not scored, his presents alone makes a difference "
0-0    
goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!           1-0 spain
spain ftw      take it and like it doubters!!!
spain won the world cup all is right in the universe      so sayth the <propmale>    and there shalt be great rejoicing and  merrymaking amen with grace forever and evers amen    
haha what now??? what now!!! whos house is it??? yeah!!
"its smart           if your evil \"",2010-08-24 19:16:55""",27600f5984bdcdae501c1fe6ae3d5999,<propfirst>'s going back to cali   to cali    it is his first time i suppose    but he's so going 
"\the meaning of music is too specific for words \"" -<propmale> mendelssohn"""
round trip 140$ rsw to bos    so going to see my grands w  my dad this week    yay!
any body have a car to sell?? or know someone??
"to all my friends i don't see much, whether near or far     don't fill bad i don't see you all the time  i love and think you all anyway  even if i don't miss you all that much  playful "
is it wrong not to miss people when there gone?    i'v only missed two or three people in my whole life    but some people cant go a week apart from there friends    i find that so alien  maybe i need to force myself to see what its like 
yes   i do judge people before i meet them  then i give them a <propmale> prove me wrong  
raining destruction upon all who oppose him 
"today was a great day in history  in 1935 monopoly was launched by <propmale> brothers  making it possible for endless hours of boring play that lead to endless bickering over titles, house rules and nepotism "
<propmale> torres     for the win  looking so much better then he did in world cup     livpool 1 <propfemale> 0
torres strikes again     livpool 2 <propfemale> 0  and a beauty at that! well played sir  well played 
need level 19        
level 19    
not all ideas and concepts are compatible with reality     as good as they may feel or sound or look on paper     
"i'm a free man    when i'm not binded   \i'm a honest man     when i'm not lieing   \i'm a happy man    when i'm not crying   \i'm am a living man     when i'm not dieing   "
chilled with my <propmale> <propfemale> and my bro <propfirst> last night    then over to <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s to eat cinnamon roll's and cheezie poofs (which we did not get in to) and talked till 2am     fun times!!  smile  even after being given dirty dish water at carabbas that made me sick all night    
bla bla    uninspired today     this week     yeah thats about right     
"life is a box of crackerjacks    enticing you with sweets and cool toys    but when you have some its stale, your allergic to nuts and the toy's crap     in the end, your just out two dollers    "
cold to day     need heater on   
the human factor    ruins everything   
"what was that i said about \the human factor\""???       o     yes     thats right     it ruins every thing                                   """
"of all the things that have ever sucked   \you where the suckie'est    \you where the suckie'est    \and to be part of your suckie plot  \i was the luckiest\i was the luckiest    \\your little mouth on the glass made me giggle\you all was made me giggle   \you sucked the life out of you sink \now why dont you wiggle???\why dont you wiggle     suckerfish????!!!"
"microsoft has lots of strike against them in my book    but streaming international soccer is not one of them    premier league,la liga (spain), bundesliga (<propmale>), coupe de <propfemale>, u20   exc id pay 60 a year just for this    thank you microsoft    for actually making something cool  "
"fill your mouth with words of the time  and get your concepts to rhyme \you just might beat the odds   \educated god's lonely man  it fills the void in his hand   \he illustrates the swan   "
and after that   green bay completely burnd her with fire and the merchants and on looked began to say wow to you steel city to bad   to bad   for they felt regret over her for her destruction was great    
i scored a touchdown     hahaha yea    yea  
my battery died    think im going to run out of anytime minutes    lol
