d216c69d9fe35055d1e5cc8f1b48d02a
"great way to start the morning   i doze off at work, and wake myself up with my snoring x_x"
warped tour or bust!
"warped tour '09 was awsome   <propmale> out with family and friends, saw some awsome bands, got my ass kicked at the gallows show   out and out great time!"
can feel the <propfemale> draining from me with each call i take
"ugh, i think a stick of memory died on my pc, getting randomly different bsods that all track back to memory issues   time to start pulling sticks, and hope that it's only one stick and not both x_x"
"must be a full <propfemale> coming, only way to e playful lain the calls today"
is there anyway to just fast forward through today?
"finally found the root of my pc problems at home, my os hard drive is dieing   thankfully i have another drive to replace it with "
h-o-l-y friggin crap!  i just won a guitar from one of the local radio stations!  w00t to the 'nth degree!
"the conch has been sounded, the people gather, the chinese order has been placed!"
"one more hour to go, then a week long vacation!"
"i'd like to request a 7 hour coma please, no brain damage"
"i finally did it, i got a cheap, used beginners guitar   i'm fast tracking my way to severe carpal tunnel! i'll have pics when i find my camera"
"working 7 am to 8 pm is a go   if you hear about a strange arrest around clarks summit   dickson city   scranton, it's probably me "
forgot how much fun it is to shop for laptops
"oook, so first my dad gets cancer, and won't be going back to work until at least middle of november, now i find out i'll be getting laid off in february   joy x_x"
"tired, in a bad mood, and starving   it's 12 smile 0, my lunch isn't until 2, and we're getting calls backed up from here to the 9th circle of hell   just the way i wanted my monday to go "
"took a 3 hour nap on sunday afternoon   <propfemale> is still almost non-existent, but i'm in good spirits  smile "
"as of right now, 7 weeks, 6 days, 7 hours, 5 minutes, 50 seconds"
"another week off = another week of cleaning, fixing computers, and finding every excuse possible to do as little as possible"
"that's odd, i thought that would be big news  there seems to be an absence of facebook posts of a certain ornithological variety, regarding mass awareness of a certain avian variety  in other news, i am now 11 days into my 14 day vacation, and besides some light cleaning and re-arranging of things in the house, i've done almost nothing   and it feels good "
"finally setup my turntable   i'm using my guitar amp as an improv speaker until i get a really nice pair of headphones for it, but <propfirst> cantrell just sound so much better on vinyl!"
"i'm up   not awake, but up, and at work, blech"
"e-filed my federal tax return last friday, money's in my account today   turbotax rules!"
"got my hair cut, picked up my contacts for the year, ordered a new winter coat, installed a 1tb hdd, fixed my brother's pc, saw sherlock holmes (again), and cleaned out my car   overall a fairly productive weekend  and only 1 week of work left!"
"can't really celebrate friday, since monday will be my last day of work   for once, i can finally say i can't wait for monday!"
"last day of work, freedom just hours away, w00+!"
"and i am now free!  filing for unemployment tomorrow, and just have to keep my fingers crossed for a weekend job at bestbuy, and my re-acceptance to keystone "
freedom!
i never knew i'd be so busy being unemployed    sad 
"i've decided, i'm using man vs  food to plan my next vacation"
"should hopefully be picking up borderlands tomorrow, and the wireless adapter for my 360 should be in early next week   w00+!"
"yesterday i spent the afternoon driving with the windows open, and today i'm putting my laundry out on the line to dry   gotta love this weather "
"jcvd is only $3 at walmart, for all those interested "
ghaaah!
"the third one finally happened, <propfirst> gray, #02, bassist from slipknot, died on monday   r i p "
"everyone from siemens metlife, do we have a specific case worker with career link?  i need them to fax some stuff over to keystone so i can get my taa money for college "
"my goal for the end of the month, find the missing headphones and thumb drive that are in the black holes that are my room and my office \\i'm going to need a really long rope to tie myself to "
"i hate oddball  playful  memory problems   the bios reads 512mb, other programs that run in windows read 512mb, but windows is only seeing 386mb   aaaarrrgh!"
"i left my laptop at home, along with everything else i normally bring with me to stay sane at work   sad panda is sad  sad "
"note to self, remove windows media player"
"i've been given no choice but to calmly, and politley, kick some call center butt   look out <propfemale> uc, i'm getting to a live tra person one way or the other this morning "
"zerg rush worked, talked to a live person, and i am still eligable for taa tra money   now on to the paperwork   "
"<----- is going to warped, dillinger escape plan and <propfirst> w k  here i come!"
and now <propfirst>'s going too!
"in a little bit power will be cut at the library to fix a power transformer, should be down for about an hour   1 hour break, w00+"
t minus 14 hours and counting until warped tour!
"warped was epic, period"
rockband 3 will officially be released october 26th   time to start saving 
dealing with the uc people is going to give me another ulcer 
"a voice shouts loud, \never surrender\""\",d216c69d9fe35055d1e5cc8f1b4 laugh 02a,"for the record, i want you to know, rocks aren't people"
feels weird to be a student again
"medical terminology - interesting\american national government - fun\special topics in film: science fiction - even more fun\general biology - professor makes it fun\pre-calculus - we haven't even started going over the book, and i'm going to hate this course like <propmale> hates khan"
"a bunch of jocks just came into the computer lab, and pretty much filled it up   on the way in, they all bumped into the door jamb, some have done it multiple times going in and out of the room!"
everything i've learned is a lie!  there's almost nothing you can learn after basic algebra that will apply to your everyday life!
why can't today be friday instead of thursday?
"mid-term week is coming up, did half a semester really go by that fast?"
"i just found out there's a batman spiderman crossover, i think i found my puprose in life"
"one more hurdle today, then everything else will be mainly stress free until monday"
"had a bad start to the morning by hitting my head off an outdoor light fixture, with messy results   ending my day waiting for another 20 minutes to go by to see what all came in the mail   meh"
i has a server!
"time to take a break from homework, i just started qouting lyrics from  \in the belly of a shark\"" in my research paper x_x"""
"prepping for my first final   got devildriver playing to psych up, going over the notes one last time, i'm ready!"
pre-calc final in 20 minutes   and i have no witty remarks
"the track listing for children of bodom's relentless reckless forever is as follows annoyed \1 ) not my funeral\2 ) shovel knockout\3 ) roundtrip to hell and back\4 ) pussyfoot miss suicide\5 ) relentless reckless forever\6 ) ugly\7 ) cry of the nihilist\8 ) was it worth it? \9 ) northpole throwdown\\****10 ) party all the time (* <propfirst> murphy)****\\i need to hear ^^^this song now!"
"the bluetooth headphones just came in today, to go with my new wireless keyboard and mouse   my desktop is now completely wireless, and i can watch videos on my tv from the comfort of my bed!"
"making steak chili, improved from about 5 or 6 different recipes"
"spring semester started on monday, but thanks to a well placed snowday i have my first class of the new semester tonight"
"just got the speakers setup on the turntable again, flogging <propfemale> sounds amazing on vinyl!"
