cd3eb5cf2f75e2ab5c3810d1432a67a8
so tired from babysitting and working for my family    70 or more hours a week   ugh!
hanging with <propfemale> watching psych new episode and sleeping over     having an amazing weekend so far and more to come   4 more days till my freedom from my grandmas rules    hellz yeh
happy birthday to me!!!!!! 18 finnally!!!!
just moved into uwgb    roommate is awsome    chicago was amazing too   
1 more day till classes start   
yes!!!! two classes cancled <propmale>  that means sleeping in and only one class
no homework for the vweekend
is watching constantine
is excited about the saving <propfemale> concert tomorow   
going to <propfemale> of distruction with awsome friends     sweet!
"had an amazing time at <propfemale> with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and beca!!!!!"
bored out of mind at work
is tired of see single on her status     
saw the new three days grace video for break!!!!! amazing!
i need a ride to appleton can anyone help me      i can pay gas money if needed!!!!! help me please!!
is going to go a sorority meeting at 7   
omg    having computer issues  its driving me insane!!!!
got a 92% on my 1st exam     so happy?
i have never had any allergies before and now i think i have one   i hope not bc that would suck     sad 
check out <propfemale> pestle   she is amazing!!! went to her concert last night   
consumed by fire    risen from ashes   the soul reborn
there was life on mars    then <propmale> <propmale> got there
eating the amazing funfetti cookies i made with alyssa    yum!!!
"i feel it's gonna rain like this for days, so let it rain down and wash everything away i hope that tomorrow the sun will shine, with every tomorrow comes another life   "
"so i speak to you in riddles because my words get in my way  i smoke the whole thing to my head and feel it wash away 'cause i can't take anymore, or this, i want to come apart or dig myself a little hole inside your precious heart   "
"in the full <propfemale>'s light i listen to the sea, and in between the silence, hear you calling me, but i don't know where i am, and i don't trust who i fear, but if i dont wanna, will i hear them leave?"
"a girl writes about the special bond between her and her sisters  they are not always together in place but they are always together in spirit  sometimes they fight, but nothing will ever break their special bond "
i guess i have been really sleep deprived because i physicaly turned off my alarm in my sleep     i havent done that in a long time    my body really wanted sleep and it wasnt taking no for an anwser   
"to the outside world we all grow old   but not to brothers and sisters   we know each other as we always were   we know each other's hearts   we share private family jokes   we remember family feuds and secrets, family griefs and joys   we live outside the touch of time   ~clara ortega beta psi <propfemale> now and forever!"
had an amazing weekend with my beta brothers and sister! thanks again to the brothers who let us stay over all weekend!
our brothers and sisters are there with us from the <propfemale> of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk  ~susan scarf merrell
"we all wish to re-live memories  but if we close our eyes, think hard enough, and imagine, the memory can become real once more   "
"i never thought that i had anymore to give, you're pushing me so far here i am without you, drink to all that we have lost, mistakes we have made, everything will change but,love remains the same     that is the hardest part"
is remembering when she still felt safe and protected    that nothin in the world could ever harm her
"the best type of love is beta love  smile  and nothing in the world can beat that    beta psi <propfemale> & beta sigma <propfemale>   we are one in the same, happy to say i'm beta made "
there's nothing you can make that can't be made  no one you can save that can't be saved  nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time - it's easy  all you need is love ~ to all my betas! ?
"put your faith in what you most believe in, two worlds, one family trust your heart, let fate decide, to guide these lives we see"
i give my whole heart to everythin i do and i jzt end up getting hurt   im done    im tired of the reappearing knife and my hands being numb    im done
"when the heart is cold, there's no hope, and we know that i am crippled by all that you've done, into the abyss will i run   "
<propfemale> christmas everyone      and a special shout out to all my brothers and sisters   miss yall alot! ?
happy new year!
what an interesting new years eve    fun   but interesting   lol
a new year means new opportunities    and unlimited possibilities ?
do i dare disturb the universe??? every <propmale> i get!!
my head is spining round and round    and where it stops   no one knows   not even me   
my brothers from another mother are the best    and my sisters from another mister are always in my heart    beta love all the way
had one of the best weekends ever     hoping to do it again sometime very soon!!!!!
has the bestest roomie in the whole wide world!
im at war with the devil in a game of tug-of-war    i thought i had the upper hand but someone is helping him on his side    if he wins he wins my security blanket that i fought for so long to hold onto   help
"according to urbandictionary com this is wat my name means:  1) a person who is very hot and has the greatest personality ever! in hebrew <propfemale> means <propfemale>  there for you should treat her as if she was one! <propfemale> is also a very irresistable person  2) the best person you'll ever meet, not a slut or a hoe, but a gorgeous human being  well loved by many, feared by tons! she is positively gorgeous, fear her"
"had an amazing day with my sisters!!!! i really needed it     who ever came up with the saying \no pain no gain\"" was totally wrong    i had no pain today and gained do much    whereas when there is pain i don't gain anything but more pain     no pain is a good thing to feel    """
saw dear <propfirst> today with my sisters    it was a good movie   although they could have had a better ending    but overall    great movie     
people really need to grow up these days   i am so tired of immature people   
when it seems all your dreams come undone we will stand by your side filled with hope and filled with pride we are more than we are we are one!
i let the voices spill out from my veins onto the virgin canvas until nothing is left to drain
"had the best night ever with my beta family     special shout out to uknome so fly, slick sucha beta evans, and q knockout <propfirst> for making the night even better after the party   i love you broz"
has seen paradise and wants to despertly go back to the moment in time    even if its only a split second
but what if i need you someday? would you even try to save me? or would you watch me fall?
so today i was compared to the human race    he said im not like other humans im different     but he said he likes that factor about me    idk why but now i have butterflies
happy birthday ka'shayla some'n else <propfemale> and canentra <propmale>!!!!!!! love ya sistas!!!
i need to get out of gotham city now!!!!! batman where are you   i need you now    take me away from here before something bad happens      
i've gotta fight today to live another day    i'm gonna fight for what's right today     i'm speaking my mind and if it kills me tonight    i will be ready to die
   all my life i prayed for someone like you and i thank god that i  that i finally found you    
a massive amount of energy radiates off your every fiber of being and absorbs my essence   
im falling down the rabbit hole into a dark ibis   i dont know which was is up and i cant hear the clock ticking anymore     temptation is knocking on the door and i want to let it in     do i dare?
i am just done with everything   im so fed up with this life and i need to escape    i dont care anymore     im jumping and where ever i land i land   if i dont make it then that is what was meant to be    
it's the moment of truth and the moment to lie the moment to live and the moment to die   this is war
jaming out to kareoke with my best friend in the world     nothin can stop us now!!!!!
"the thing we plague ourselves with is a thing of our own imagination  if we do not anticipate it, it is not there "
"you may think you see who i really am but you'll never know me   every day, is as if i play a part   now i see if i wear a mask i can fool the world   but i can not fool my heart"
celebrating my brother's birthday early and going for a bike ride with my lil sis while we enjoy the spring air     carpe diem!!!
you take my breath away every time   and u dont even know how fast i am falling    
when my world is falling apart   when there's no light to break up the dark    that's when i look at you    and you love me for who i am    you know who you are out there   
my heart is at peace     
the past is the past you know can’t worry bout the past caz that was yesterday    it’s a new day bro   imma put it on the line caz it’s my time   my day     gotta do it now
"only surrender will help you now   i love you, please see and believe again    "
"i said i've seen paradise before, but last night showed me that paradise was only a pit stop on this journey   thank you to all who made that possible!"
wats the point in worrying?? everything happens for a reason right??? so if everything is meant to be y worry?? you jzt gotta live ur life like ur dying and go with the flow!
people say that the eyes are the gateway to a person's soul   the moment i looked into your eyes is the moment everything changed and now i cant live without you in my life    if only you knew    
i want to be another vital body part that you need to survive and not jzt another pretty face    so if all you want is jzt another face i'm sorry but your out of luck      
"*a warning to the people*: the good and the evil, the prophet, the liar, the honest, the messiah     i believe in nothing   not in satan, not in peace and not in war   i believe in nothing but the beating of our hearts"
*warning* im gonna be fucking people up real soon so stay outa my way!!
leave it all behind    your past and mind    let's go where we got to    our paths will cross again in time    it's never the same tomorrow   and tomorrow's never clear   so come on lets go   our time is here    
"my feelings for you are complicated, the only thing i know is you make me smile and i will continue to fight for that"
i loved the way you felt so strong and how you always made me smile   i never wanted to leave    i miss you!
"i dont know what this feeling is so maybe someone could help me       i feel like crying because i miss them so much, i would do anything for them in a heartbeat, they make me smile when no one else can, and jzt by saying hi all the clouds go away        help!"
so i finally  found the word i have been looking for and it scares me!
i wish the entire world would stand still so i could spend one more second with you   and i looked over knowing u were thinking the same thing     
"?? i am no <propmale>, i am no saint, i am not anyones wildest dream, but i will stand behind and be someone to fall back on  ill be the one who waits, and for as long as youll let me, i will be the one you need  ??"
"unified diversity, functioning as one body, every part encouraged by the other   no one independent of another, you're irreplaceable, indispensable, you're incredible!"
just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with everything they have
you are beautiful and special like sun and rain at the same time    
omg! as of 11:29am beta psi <propfemale> is offically an organization on the uw green bay campus!!!!! i am so happy!!!!
my heart is finally free from all the negativity   and now i can breath
"i won't justify the way i live my life 'cause i'm the one livin' it feelin' it, tastin' it and you're just wasting your time trying to throw me a line when you're the one drowning    i like where i'm at on my back floating down in my own riptide    the water is fine"
if anyone is trying to contact me im sorry to say my phone has deceased and i will be taking it to the mortician 2morow     very sad moment
hey everyone i got my new phone    and its awesome!!!!!     but none of the <propfirst> tranfered over so send me ur # and name    if not forever hold ur peace
dont forget to send me ur #s either txt or inbox   same #
i go against the odds and maybe thats wrong but i like where i'm going   
is this the way nice girls should play? i gotta say i don't care    what will it take to make you understand that i won't break and i don't give a damn   it's over you told me and you don't wanna know me   alone now   i know that you're never gonna get me down!
newspaper taxis appear on the shore waiting to take you away    climb in the back with your head in the clouds and you're gone    
you only see what i want you to and nothing else   i am in control   and if you're lucky   just maybe     you will get to see my heart   
i wait here in the silence until you come and sit awhile with me      there is no life without its hunger and each restless heart beats so imperfectly     but when you come i can glimpse eternity    
open your eyes with me    see paradise with me   awake and rise with me   i am the dawn   i'm the new day begun   
omg the bend and snap!     works eveytime!
"someday life will be fairer, need will be rarer, and greed will not pay    'til then, on days when the sun is gone, we'll <propfemale> on as we wish upon the <propfemale>   "
oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive    
goin to test my asthmas breaking point    hope it doesnt get the best of me
my great grandma has helped me through another god awful night      thank you so much     missing you everyday    
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned    and one that knows martial arts is much worse!
"slowly, slowly, slowly getting faster, once i start its very hard to stop  faster, faster, it is so exciting   1,2,3,4,12341234     "
let the rain fall down and wake my dreams    let it wash away my sanity
the veil you had over my eyes has been blown away and now i see you for who you really are    and i dont like it    
happy birthday to my little brother <propfirst>! love you so much       hope you have an amazing day! party!
i believe in music the same way people believe in <propfemale> tales    
must try to hold on and keep my head above the water     but right now i just wanna let go    servo a periculum
"all you have to do is call my name no matter how close or far away   ask me once and  i'll come runnin   keep me in your heart and i'll appear   all you gotta do is turn around, close your eyes, look inside    i'm right here"
mwahahaha <propfemale> stole saras facebook via her phone
cant wait till tomorrow when i get to jump back in the rabbit hole and spend the day with  jerimiah!
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!!!
i love being <propfemale> and jumping down the rabbit hole every once in a while   when im there i have no worries and everything is right in the world   
"what’s inside of me is invisible to most    even in clear view    i’m sending out a signal to the possibility of you, cause right at this moment i know you’re connected to a part of me that i don’t even know   "
almost died from a gigantic spider!!!! no joke!!! they are out to get me! i love you <propmale> rinehart for saving my life      and ill give some credit to <propfirst> kowalski   jzt a little tho     
saw the sunrise for the first time in a long time     wat an amazing site   
well no summer school for me     dont know if im happy or sad about that
spending the weekend with mi <propfemale>! hope the weather looks better there    
had an amazing weekend with one of my favorite ppl in da world     wont see another one for a while     
you know the lies they always told you and the love you never knew   swallow the light from the sun inside your room    and i'll become what you became to me   
this is the world we live in   and these are the hands we're given   use them and let's start trying to make it a place worth living in   a place worth fighting for   
some times in our lives we all have pain   we all have sorrow   but if we are wise we know that theres always 2morrow   
im done    im fucking done    i give up    fuck everything    fuck this fucked up life    im just done    
can't you see that you're smothering me? holding too tightly afraid to lose control    cause everything that you thought i would be has fallen apart right in front of you    every step that i take is another mistake to you   
might be working in a factory   will see on monday
"you'll wake up when i walk out…isn't that the way it plays? the leaver leaves, the stayer stays…you wouldn't make a move, so i made mine… isn't it a pity?    i wish you were really in it for life…"
got another interview   all fingers crossed
i wanna wish my little cousin dakoyta and <propfemale> happy birthday!!!! cant wait to see ya!
there are always the people in your life that are going to tell you that what you have is not good enough or that your stupid for trying    only keep the people in your life that encourage you to try   the rest can be forgotten   life is about discovery and making mistakes   so lets make them    
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in returned   "
stood up 2 times in one day     how rude!!!!
finaly found a job with no strings    if ur looking hit me up    
everytime i get a <propmale> at hope and happiness someone drags me back to the depths of hell  why me?
"what i believed to be true it was only a dream that lived in me   i just projected it over your beautiful screen  there was nothing, but i waited   i waited"
i landed a permenant job!!! done job hunting and now i can breath and relax    i have to thank mi <propfemale> <propfemale> joy for giving me a push in this direction     with out you i would not have gotten it   or known about it! thank you so much! take that all you haters!!!! take that!!!
those fellas live in never never land right next to <propfirst> pan caz nobody wants to grow old   
the same tricks that once fooled me they won't get you anywhere   i'm not the same kid from your memory   now i can fend for myself   
sold a <propfirst> on my first day out in da feild! wait till next week!
hopefully gonna win a trip to six flags! all fingers crossed   
sold 3 kirbys in one day!!! whoot whoot!
i didnt think i would ever meet a guy like i did today   honest to good guy   one who treats a lady the right way    too bad hes taken   and my boss   
i miss my betas!
met another hotty at work today   to bad he's taken and has 3 kids    
"we're so arrogant, aren't we? so afraid of age, we do everything we can to prevent it  we don't realize what a privilege it is to grow old with someone  someone who doesn't drive you to commit murder or doesn't humiliate you beyond repair   "
wants to let <propfemale> win for once    
<propfemale> really does come back   and this time its a good thing   
eclipse was amazing! best one out of the whole series     glad i spent it with my baby sis!
spending the day with the coolest person in the world!!!! love you mi <propfemale>!!!!!
on our way to the airport! las vegas look out    here we come!!!
partying on the strip!!
"had an amazing day today at the pool   sitting under the palm trees, sipping on lemonade, and kicking it with the family"
spent the entire day at the grand canyon yesterday     amazing!
<propfemale> las vegas! hasta luego   
"at the theaters w my baby sis and watching letters to <propfemale>! love u baby sis! \~lizz \i love you too sis   woo  laugh \"""""
hanging out with the most amazing person in the world   dont know wat we are doing yet but its gonna be a blast no matter wat!!!
life is hard    but sharing it with friends makes everything possible and exciting
so what if i see the sunshine in the pouring rain   who wants to be ordinary in this crazy mixed up world?
when im standing in the pouring rain i dont mind    i think of you and everythings alright   
we would be so happy you and me    no one there to tell us what to do    i'd like to be under the sea    in an octopus' garden with you   
"humans need many things to survive   food, water, air    but what they really need and want underneith every is to be loved, wanted and to belong   "
can't keep my feet on the ground   arms open wide   face toward the sun   this is the time of my life   and im sharing it with only with my vips
life is road and i wanna keep going   love is a river and i wanna keep flowing   in the end i wanna be standing at the beginning with you
i throw my hands up in the air sometimes   i wanna stop and celebrate my life   we gonna light it up like its dynomite   
hanging with <propmale>!!!! yay!!!
going to have an amazing weekend with mi <propfemale>! we gonna party like rockstars and live like we're dying    
had an amazing weekend with mi <propfemale>! cant wait to do this again soon!
wat an amazing birthday! thanks to everyone who made this day possible!
had another amazing day!!! got to <propfemale> out with <propmale> lischkowitz and mi <propfemale>!!! life is amazing right now!!
i love the sound of rain   dont go away come again another day
just took nemo into the doctors office     and the cost surprised me    in a good way!!! whoot whoot!!
if you work really hard for something   shouldn't you be rewarded for it? and not have someone try to take it away?
i juzt had an amazing relationship with my sandwich at panera   like this status if you know where this reference is from   
"off to the dells with mi <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>! whoot whoot!!!"
i jzt learned first hand that mold can grow on coffee      soooooo gross!!!!!
"if you can read this status you have just survived phase 1 of eliminating \friends\"" on facebook   congrats to all    """
"phase 2 of deleting \friends\"" accomplished   """
"first day back at school was amazing   and i can tell that this semester is gonna be amazing too! finished making the final cut for \friends\""   congrats to all who made it!"""
forget about your worries and your strife   the bare necessities of life will come to you   
c'mon drift away through fundamental boundaries   to find ourselves surrounding the ones who've already gone and come back stronger  
"i love my sister week: if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on, kept you strong, prays for your happiness   then copy and paste this to your status     where all my sisters at???"
at the airport! canada here i come!!!!
im back!!!! had an amazing time in canada one that words can not describe     wanna go back again next year!
life is too short to worry   take advantage of all the opportunities in your life and look out for those signs that present themselves   they might just be the things that change your life   
"there are some days, dark and bitter  seems we haven't got a prayer   but a prayer for something better is the one thing we all share   someday our fight will be won, and we'll stand in the sun   one day, someday    soon"
"you dont believe me but the things i have are the things you need    you look at me like i dont make sense, like a waste of time, like it serves no purpose   "
"she loves her mama's lemonade, hates the sound that goodbyes make   she prays one day she'll find someone to need her   caught in the in-between, a beautiful disaster   she just needs someone to take her home   "
turning out to be the worst day ever    why me?
im jzt a granade waiting to e playful lode    if anyone messes with me today   watch out!
never ask what worse things could happen    i just found out   
everything in the world must have balance    today was jzt one of those days   we can't live in yin without the <propfemale>    
had an amazing day yesterday! and all on a school night   lol
here it is   the last day of my life and i'm jumping in    one step into space and i'm falling in    and i ain't gotta parachute   
"my feet are on the ground, but im flying   i dont know where im going but i know its going fast    loves the only thing thats keeping us alive   this is my revelation   "
oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive    fooling no one but yourself    hell has to notice your actions and motives    
likes it on the chair!
and i dont know where im going but i know its going fast   loves the only thing thats keeping us alive  this is my revelation  
we are all miracles wrapped up in chemicals   we are incredible   don’t take it for granted    
"you alone can break my fall    i'm living again, awake and alive i'm dying to breathe in these abundant skies    "
is floating on a cloud!  laugh 
live and let live   hang on for the ride of your life its gonna be alright   just hold on tight   
i try to pay attention and the words just disappear    so i speak to you in riddles cuz my words get in my way forgetting all the things i should have said   
when i'm kissing you my senses come alive   almost like the puzzle piece i've been trying to find   falling right into place   
i am not the person to quit anything but if things keep going the way they are i might just have to get up and walk away from a beautiful idea    
"these fickle, fuddled words confuse me   look at us spinning out in the madness of a roller coaster   the space between where you're smilin' high is where you'll find me   "
life is a song   love is music   all we have to do is listen   
"open your eyes   open up wide   i'm starting to trip, i'm losing my grip and i'm in this thing alone    "
you know i always stay up without sleeping   there's nothin' else better to do anyway when you're all alone in the lands of forever under the milky way   
having a deep connection with the earth   with animals   and with spirits is one of the most powerful and amazing feelings in this world   
this is war!   lets do this!
"when the world is full of pain and all that's left is love and hate give me love, let me feel it   "
i just dont know   im so very confused   lost in a beautiful idea   
screw the store pumpkins   me and my family march through the rain and mud to find the perfect ones!
this situation is turning out like every other one i have been through   i thought you said it would be different   you lied!
when lies become the truth   when things start to come undone   thats when i run to you   
25% of all men are unstable   25% of all men can't be faithful  30% of them don't mean what they say   and 10% of the remainin' 20 is gay   i hate statistics!
"whatever it takes to be what i was meant to be, i'm going to try cause i'm living the dream and i know it   i know it  and i know everything will be fine with me, myself and time   "
"put this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by a velociraptor  it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport  velociraptors are, after all, unstoppable "
"they say the beat of a butterflies wings, can set off a storm a world away   so come with me and seize the day   this world may never be the same   "
dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before    
"going to spend an amazing night with some awesome people! (cough) <propfemale> joy, sarabeth johnston, <propfirst> yehle, <propfemale> vogel, and cooper lafond!"
"hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly    "
"i'm always, always, always late   and my hair's a mess, even when it's straight   but so what, i'm better off everyday in every way   so take that!"
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment    
"remember remember the fifth of november   gunpowder, treason and plot   i see no reason why gunpowder, treason should ever be forgot   "
ive had an epiphany    now i must listen to it   
i've cleared you out of my head and tore you out of my heart   and now my life is so much better   
i am <propfemale> tempted to pick up the phone and send you a txt   not because i miss you   jzt so i can ask you one question   
"friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed    but i believe in it with every fiber of my being    "
"first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win    "
your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul   so dont come back for me   dont come back at all   who do you think you are   
i hate being lied to   all i can say is what a duche bag   you really made my feelings toward you clear   all you were was just a waste of time   i am so glad that i am done with you and your drama   goodbye!
when the world's crashing down   when i fall and hit the ground   i will turn myself around   don't you try to stop me
i want to return to wonderland   but the show must go on    
speak now or forever hold your peace   to late! we are done! hallelujah!
"dear americans, we totally agree with you about illegal immigration  please allow us to show you to the nearest airport  sincerely, native americans"
"let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday    i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes    i'm coming home, i'm coming home    tell the world that i'm coming   "
"i'm awake, i'm alive   now i know what i believe inside   now it's my time   i'll do what i want 'cause this is my life   "
"today i was babysitting my neighbor's little boy  i asked him what sound a cat makes  he said meow  i asked what sound a cow makes  he said moo  then, to fool him, i asked what sound a walrus makes  he replied with ku ku kachoo  coolest kid ever  mlia"
happy thanksgiving everybody!
im a dead walking zombie   ugh!
"anatidaephobia -- the fear that somewhere, somehow, a duck is watching you "
the greatest thing you will ever know is to love and be loved in return   
"the broken locks were a warning you got inside my head, i tried my best to be gaurded, i'm an open book instead    "
its 2008 bitch (with hand motions)    (pause) 2010! classic miss <propmale> rinehart!!!!
"is it possible to fall into a song and never return?if so i think i have been fallen into the song \river flows in you\""   never has a song enveloped me as much as this one has!"""
"change your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human face on facebook until monday,only an invasion of memories  for the fight against child abuse--copy and paste on your wall"
girls night with the amazing <propfemale> vogel !!!! whoot whoot!!!!
<propfemale> vu    hopefully it turns out different this time   
life feels like it is spining out of control   i need break to be here soon before i hurt somebody   i just want to fall down into the rabbit hole and never return   and take only the people in my life who care about me down there to   down there is complete happiness   
"if i'm a bad person, you don't like me well, i guess i'll make my own way   you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me well, sentence me to another life   the same tricks that, that once fooled me they won't get you anywhere   i can fend for myself    "
?twehnisla·téke?
oh happy days!!!!!
"\fiction reveals truth that reality obscures    \"""""
rockstar and monster are going to be my very best friends today    ladies start your engines!
off to breakfast with my sistas   dennys here we come    watch out!
well made it all the way to campus and then gets stuck    like really? at least wisconsin people are awesome and helped me push into 15min parking   yea it gonna be a long ass 15 min    smile 
snowed in = no work  laugh  yay!!!
splat          o´¯`? ¸(?)`o ¸¸ ¸ o´¯`? ¸(?)`o ??¨¯`*? ´*? ?¨¯`*???*´*??o ¸¸ ¸ o´¯`o ¸(?) `o ¸¸ ? ¸ o´¯`¸ o´¯`?¸(?)`o ¸¸ ¸ ?´¯`o ¸(?) `o ¸??`o ¸¸ ¸ o´¯`??¨¯`*?    ¸ o´¯`o ¸(?) `o ¸¸ ¸ o´¯`? ¸(?)´*??´*? ?¨¯`*????*?¨¯`*?snowball fight!! keep it going
spent about $450 on my baby today   nemo better be damn happy!
need sleep!!!    but must study     x_x
5 hours till i get to break free from this prison and enjoy my night!
had an amazing day with my family and boyfriend! and now the <propfemale> outside is amazing   to bad it freezing out there   
everything happens for a reason   some times i hate that   
wonderland is amazing!!
"life is a song, love is music    so turn up the volume and let the music drown you for eternity   "
watching the ncis marathon with my bro javon knowitall harmon !!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
going sledding today with the family! watch out!!
thinking about a lot of things   wish all these thoughts could solve themselves    so jzt gonna let things go their way and see where that takes me   no worries
"think i need a devil to help me get things right   hook me up a new revolution, cause this one is a lie   we sat around laughing and watched the last one die   "
this is your life and today is all you've got now    is it everything you dreamed that it would be?
have my tattoo all drawn up   now the tough part   
pay it forward 2011  i promise to send (or deliver) something handmade to the 1st 5 people who leave a comment  they must in turn post this and send something they made to the 1st 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011  you don't get to specify what i send you   smile 
since this is a new year one of my resolutions is going to get rid of all these wanna bes in my life who are just slowing me down and really ruining my life   im really done with all of you    i no longer feel the love    
we all make mistakes   but can this day get any worse? work sucks right now   
screw you guys!!
"life is too short, and ive seen that first hand, so im done trying to make it work im gonna let the chips fall where they may   "
i love my brother javon knowitall harmon    he makes everything better!!  laugh  thank you so much bro!
everything is perfect tody!
there is such a thing as heaven on earth   its here in wonderland
hanging with the amazing <propfemale> vogel !!! girls night out!!! watch out!!!
what a sunrise this morning   i guess there is some good getting up that early   
if u hate something change it   it may not be easy but it may be for the better   why dread each day when life is so short? carpe diem!
ruin is the road to transformation   
always do the thing that scares you the most   
"hanging out with the amazing, the incredible, one of a kind <propfemale> joy"
all life is an e playful eriment  the more e playful eriments you make the better 
tomorrow will be a very interesting day   tomorrow is the reason energy drinks where invented  i hope i survive!
working 5 smile 0am then class and then work 6-9pm    i love my life   and energy drinks   
class was amazing    scary to say that but sooo very true   and i'm going to costa rica next january   goodbye snow hello tropics!!!
"faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark  if we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of god and the <propfemale> of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be    a prudent insurance policy   "
? good friends are forever   they make those precious moments in life    <propfemale> them with all you have! ?
"our lives are made in these small hours   these little wonders, these twists and turns of fate   "
all uwgb students   check out the video on my page   this is how we do it   
"there are no short answers in life, there's a journey   "
"dont let her get in ur head!!!!!         too late, mines her summer house"
loving life right now  smile 
someone jzt said pink eye was cool    what is wrong with some people?
"\i lost my condam     what a buzz kill   \"""""
i dont think my day could get much better! this is why i go with the flow through life   une playful ected and amazing things can happen! woohoo!!
in deep thought   
counting the days that pass me by i've been searching deep down in my soul   words that i'm hearing are starting to get old   
"something to ponder   \this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates 1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11\now take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be \this year and it will equal either 11 or 111   scary!"
miracles will happen as we dream   but we're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy   
tsa<propfemale> <propfemale> eh eh waka waka eh eh tsa<propfemale> <propfemale> zangalewa this time for africa!!!
i just realized that i will be 19 and a senior in college this summer! wow!
never take life too seriously   nobody gets out alive anyway   live laugh love!
"the greatest thing you will ever learn, is just to love, and be loved in return   happy <propfirst>'s day facebookers!"
is debating on doing something drastic   for once im going to think about me!
"doubt thou the stars are fire,\doubt that the sun doth move,\doubt truth to be a liar,\but never doubt i love "
"pain throws your heart to the ground, love turns the whole thing around   no it won't all go the way it should, but i know the heart of life is good   "
"time flies but you're the pilot, it moves real fast but you're the driver   you may crash and burn sometimes, but this is why we do it, this is worth the pain, this is where we bow down and get back up again   "
got milk? not anymore  sad 
drove over 600 <propmale> and left with tears in my eyes    
word of the day: overwhelmed! (to the extreme)
?¡¡¡¡¡ red bull and gin !!!!! ?
did you know that our eyes are the same size from birth? crazy!
"we run on fumes, your life and mine like the sands of time slippin' right on through   "
did you know that elephants are the only animals that can't jump?
"wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future    "
as long as the sun rises it's never too late!   
"shining like a work of <propmale>, hanging on a wall of stars, are you what i think you are?   "
today is going to be a good day   i can tell  laugh 
i willl never look at a fig <propmale> the same way again!
cannot believe how productive today has been   yay me!  laugh 
had an amazing weekend with nic and my lil sis lizz!!!!  laugh  can't wait to do that again!!!
i need people to take this poll: should i go to a class mondays and wednesdays where i learn nothing when i learn it all in my lab on fridays? yes or no?
"lol   so go to your profile  the top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you? <propmale> rinehart, <propmale> lischkowitz, ka'shayla <propfemale>, <propfemale> stevens, and <propfemale> <propfirst> wayland are on my team    we got this!!!!"
your life plays out on the shadows of the wall you turn the lights on to erase it all and i ask myself who do i wanna be    no one but me!
wanna curl up in a ball and go to sleep    not my best day   
can everyone please say a prayer for my friend <propfemale> who is in da hospital from a blood clot   things are not looking good   
she didnt make it  sad 
has officially been the worst week of my entire life!!! first my friend <propfemale> now my boyfriend    what more can happen to me! fml!!!!
"some blood shed on my gi, some minor bruises, a knee to the ribs, and a scared little man   i love aikido!!!"
"its raining its pouring, its no longer snowing!!!!"
your time time will come   get it while your still young   may all your dreams come true   
jut ran in front of a train    wat a thrill!
just an in front of a train    what a thrill!
"infect me with your love, and fill me with your poison   wanna be your victim, ready for abduction   "
"\tall balls would just not work\""   lmao  ill leave the person anonymous  actually she wants to be know   *cough* <propmale> rinehart"""
"so i got up for work, got dressed, went out to the car and learned that i am completely snowed in   to top it off i go back to my room and the door wont even open caz the electronic lock is frozen    thankfully my roommate answered her phone and let me in   but now im all wet, cold, and not even tired anymore   i hate you wisconsin!!!!!"
<propfemale> and grapes!!!!!
so i lost my voice today and now i sound like <propfemale> mouse   please voice    come back to me!!!!
having a great day so far   but soon off to the eye doctor    sad 
wastehtsisli·yó ohw?tsyakwe·kú  smile 
"oh, the power to be strong and the wisdom to be wise, all these things will come to you in time    on this journey that you're making there'll be answers that you'll seek and it's you who'll climb the mountain   it's you who'll reach the peak!"
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info,invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her, you get the virus too! please         copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes  please pass it on"
you will never understand the earth unless you sit down and listen to its stories    
"breaking news:    the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on, and crashed into we all have problems, before coming to a complete stop at get the hell over it  any complaints about how we operate, can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with dr  sniffle reporting live from quitchur bitchin'  if you like this, repost it  if you don't suck it up <propfemale>! life doesn't revolve around you"
eye doctor went great! i can see now! now off to subway for breakfast and to see my mommy!
how will i know if there's a path worth taking? should i question every move i make? i don't wanna make the same mistake   
"so first there was something wrong with my eyes, now its my throat tounge   what the hell   fml! im just falling apart     sad "
each day is full of new possibilities    capture them while you can    this is your time to shine!
its gonna be a good day   i can tell!
heading off to platville for amslac!!!!
"life isnt something you wait for, life is something you make!"
