34ae79fcff879259d784a2c4d4796e57
watching the blue <propfemale> over the lake with the wonders of pandora radio - yay for laptops 
back at the parents and utterly exhausted - plane leave 1 10   is it bad that i don't really want to go back?  i miss snow 
is going to ny for the holidays - should be fun 
it's friggin too cold up here     ok yea i'm officially a converted southern girl apparently   only 10 degrees and i can't stand it 
so i have this new game     run in the snow then jump in a hot tub   it's fun!  joyful 
so apparently xmas is delayed this year - meh not suprised   going to the store early in the am with <propfemale> before they all close - wee!
it's goddamn cold out - waiting for <propfemale> to get home  hope everyone had a happy holiday!
is having a crap day  night all 
up at the lake with the family for the new year   best wishes to all for a wonderful holiday   will be heading across the lake one day this weekend - let me know plans 
<propfemale> the memories and embrace the future possibilities - happy new year 2011 to all my facebook friends!
relaxing on the last night at the lake - watching movies and eating homemade ice cream   tomorrow it's back to 'toga 
oh my what have i done      scared
sooooo tired  g'night 
busy busy busy day week - if anyone's around bspa let me know if you want to try and plan something 
had so much fun at the master's meet today - packing and cleaning before my flight tomorrow night 
home again - looks like the colder weather beat me here though  ;p
i love a large helping of drama in the morning      sarcasm
out running errands then heading to sami's for the shower @ 2pm 
home - been a long day and it's not over yet 
people confuse me     and by default i suppose i confuse myself 
there needs to be a device out there to freeze time so one can accomplish the 2 million odd things we need to do in a day 
"i'll admit i'm a handful    unfortunately most women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am out of   control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my   worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  that's why it   takes a real man to be able to put up with me!    repost if you are woman   enough!!  ?  (snagged from <propfemale>)"
i'm through accepting limits cuz someone says they're so some things i cannot change but till i try i'll never know - defying gravity: wicked
it is officially vacation time - wewt!
well here goes 'nothing - 1 hr 20 minutes until warm ups   why did this seem like a good idea?
home   going north tomorrow afternoon 
back in for the night   dinner was fun    smile 
"3 2 and counting     forgot how long this crap takes \tv surfing while waiting   suggestions for shows?"
why can't i sleep?  sad 
awesome - migraine   see you all when i crawl out of the hole i'm about to go dig myself 
around the house most of the day   painkillers are a wonderous thing   phone's good 
be awed at my awesome skills of stir fry    laugh 
around  phone's good 
"download complete - yay for default?\curled up listening to music and having some mage time "
sleepy time - hopefully i'm feeling better tomorrow 
hair cut @ 11am then out for a bit   feeling slightly better today   going to the pool tomorrow 
"home till 3pm then out with mi madre for a while \ps - angel you guys need to teach me more so i can read your wall updates - hope you guys are doing well down there!  laugh "
out to dinner at mama mia's bb tonight 
around the house   use the phone if you want to 
magey time 
sleepy time 
or not - oh well time to browse tv 
starting to wonder if things are getting worse again   suppose see how it is in the morning 
around the house until later tonight   phone's here if you need me 
swiming tonight - be back after 
home - hanging out around the house with the family 
"i wonder how online classes would be with a less scattered professor     \got a lot of thinking to do and decisions to make   all i know is that i'm not going back to how things were before "
going to <propfemale>'s for the weekend 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man\wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate, offend\and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man \wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's\a man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're \against domestic violence"
home for an hour then out for a large part of the afternoon more than likely   as for tonight?  plans tba 
home again 
going through old boxes is sometimes ill advised without first making sure you are ready for you never know what might be found   around 
bored bored bored - magey time perhaps 
i just found my riding boots from showing - the depths of the things in my old closet     lol!
just relaxing   maybe magey stuff   free until friday - lemme know 
"swiming tonight if my back stops being mad at me   you know falling asleep to a game of uno really made me want to play a game when i woke up - lol \\@ my meggie - when are you heading down for <propfemale>'s party?  thurs fri?"
change of plans     'toga night! 7pm  use the phone if you need me 
home - spending time with <propfemale> 
"@ <propfemale>'s graduation party  leave it, stop by, or try the house # "
"tough girls come from massachusetts, sweet \girls come from alabama  but we new york girls have fire & ice \in our blood  we can ride four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left \hooks, and drink with the boys  and if we have an opinion, you know \you're gonna hear it  repost if you are a true new york girl ? ?"
"eyes once surrounded by darkness are now submersed in light \\hanging out watching some tv for a little bit "
heading out for a night of grilling and hanging out with cool people    laugh 
my sleep schedule has issues    
figuring out some things - moving up to new york in a month or two more than likely   still have some doubts about it but all in all i think it's the best decision for the long run   could use some backup support though 
home - wednesday june 9th
it's official i have now seen children that make the ninja monkies look like perfect angels   home - wizards or wow or sleep 
can something work as intended today?  rabble rabble 
"headache     check   \taking a break "
"home - wizards, wow, and dinner   day is getting better    laugh "
class at 8am on a saturday should be against the law 
yay class delayed until next saturday   wow for a little bit then who knows    laugh 
out for a little while - bbl 
mass and breakfast
out and about for a few hours 
new cell number again   ya!
relaxing for a bit - phone's good 
working later than planned  check   use the cell 
relaxing and games 
"downside of being in a small town   classes that you need get canceled on a regular basis and then you get to play phone tag   i say? no thanks   \spending next weekend (26th) in <propmale> for an 8 smile 0am class - i'll have the cell "
watching the goonies 
long day has been long 
"<propmale> this weekend! - yay \home, then ???"
wtb reliable internet again   sigh 
"<propmale> early - use the cell \\it's been one of 'those' kind of days   can it be done already?"
9-1 then fun time begins!
food time then ??
"i really should stay away from people in general when i'm upset, then i wouldn't end up pissing off so many people "
happy 4th everyone!
"another hot day in 'sunny' fl   work then errands, use the cell if you need me "
out most of the afternoon  cell if you need me 
"guess who got in beta?\<- this girl \ smile "
farkle is addicting    
the countdown has started    
"my mind going 100mph, my body going 10mph   ugh "
got a case of 'cabin fever'  can't wait to get out of here 
"life does not accommodate you, it shatters you  \it is meant to, and it couldn't do it better  \every seed destroys its container or else there would be no fruition  \- florida scott-maxwell"
it's been one of 'those' days    
just 7 more hours and 3 day weekend here i come!   laugh 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
one of those days    
snow on the ground back in ny - it's that time of year again 
pain meds and movies = bbl
blah - bored 
"'you must excuse me i'm just really not myself \woke up today inside, inside of someone else'"
just one of those days    
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is full of crazies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship  re-post    if you have at least one true friend, they will know who they are    smile "
7am bike ride: check! - feeling more productive now 
happy turkey day everyone!!
bored - think i might go out    
"any day you learn something new is all in all a good day   \out for a bit \christmas music has taken over the airwaves again already "
it's going to be a white christmas?
it's amazing what you find while going through boxes   i feel like a kid at christmas 
out doing errands and things - long day that i wish was over already 
so that's what this white stuff is     almost forgot all about snow    playful 
never fails     sick for the holiday   hopefully it passes before new years 
this month is full of suprises   relaxing then trying to get some sleep 
it's nice having a free schedule for a change    smile 
i really should get better at updating photos    
too much to do and not enough time to do it - lol   happy holidays everyone!!
random drunk driver hits cable box knocking out all cable in surrounding area for hours     check   <propfemale> christmas everyone!
end of a long yet fun day with family with another one starting early tomorrow  time to finish up some work then catch some zzz's 
up at the lake through the new year   use the cell if you have it    smile 
lake until sat - then across to vt and back home 
"cleaning, laundry, sleep, and then more cleaning      smile "
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if it has been months (or even years) apart  they love you   for who you are "
it's going to be a long day 
"anyone hear anything good, bad, etc about the iphone 4?  verizon is getting it and i'm comparing that to some of the android options they currently offer "
first steps of my new years resolution in progress - long overdue but better late than never?
another 6 inches of snow and it's still coming down - fun stuff!
"swimming day 2 of the week - with a side of lots of snow \the new year is off to a decent start!"
hmmm friday - 'toga? and saturday - lake <propfirst> with mom
'toga night!
home - had so much fun!!
"relaxing after a nice day in lake <propfirst>, watching the new nanny mcphee movie, sleep, and then church in the a m  with mom and dad "
relaxing around the house   apparently we're supposed to get more snow -  laugh 
heading to the airport - incoming 80 degree weather and lack of snow   sad 
it's a hyper and happy state of being today 
"shiney new computer - check, next on the list a mouse without a mind of it's own and a few other geeky odds and ends "
it's been a long day - curling up with a good book sounds nice for the evening 
"she got the call today\one out of the gray\and when the smoke cleared\it took her breath away\she said she didn't believe\it could happen to me\i guess we're all one phone call from our knees\we're gonna get there soon"
only 8am and it's already an interesting day 
long day at work makes me miss the hot tub and have a strong <propfemale> to go get a massage   i'll have to settle for sleep for now    smile 
i think i'm forgetting what days off are like - sleep then work work work    smile 
work work work - driving the long way around due to a road race going on this afternoon 
home from a long night at work - time for some sleep and then a double tomorrow!
work all day tomorrow so getting some much needed sleep    smile 
is it wednesday yet?  sleep and then work work work 
"i'm not 100% sure what was in my lunch today but it tasted wonderful, our cooks are amazing and creative    smile "
"working a double - is it break time yet?  \at least i work with awesome people!"
"someone should have told mr  cheese that it's a bad idea to mop the kitchen right in the begining of dinner rush   first night after smashing into the tile is over - two bar shifts and then relaxation at the beach on wednesday   \\for now this pack of frozen veggies is my new friend    smile "
"spent the day up in cocoa - back home for some much needed sleep before work, 4 more days    smile "
"is listening to music from rent - because 'somebody' got a song stuck in my head, thanks to <propfemale> oh cousin of mine for the random tracks    playful "
too bad starbucks isn't open at 3am  sad 
3 hour layovers are crummy
this week has gone by too fast   sad 
"sleep then back to work for me  had a blast this past week with everyone, thanks for an amazing time!"
hanging out @ melbourne beach with <propfemale>  smile 
work work work
errands then girls day with <propfemale> 
mixed thoughts on this day 
i feel like i've been hit by and then dragged behind a <propmale> truck   time to curl up with about 20 gallons of water    annoyed \
heading into work tonight - should be 'interesting' 
feeling like i have lost my sense of direction   sometimes even the strong need someone to <propfemale> on 
sleepy time - opening the bar in the morning   congrats to all my uk fans - amazing couple of games 
really? tornados??  sad 
"driving home in a downpour, work in the am  saturday's game is going to be a good one "
end of a crap filled day - games then sleep?
busch gardens tomorrow and it's not looking like last weeks tornado warnings and crazy downpouring with lightning!   laugh 
"heading to <propmale> for a couple of nights to play at seaworld and aquatica! busch gardens was a blast, random pics inc "
