f8167259537c4036847d01793987c5ab
is facebook illiterate  hahaha   
that's right! chargers beat raiders 24-20! good start for the season!
will be @ the <propmale> thrift shop from 1-2pm  volunteer work for fts and mun 
would write a never-ending song for her   smile 
needs to get into shape  nrotc req's  are a pain and i have less than a year   annoyed 
wants a puka dog  mmm     playful 
is busy studying for the sat's  can't chill this week  >_>
"i guess 80% of the people i know call me jai, now  lol "
"is workin on college prep hw and a 3 <propfemale> paper about protracted conflicts in the g u a m  area; for mun  meeting tomorrow, too   annoyed "
is looking for a senior quote  hahaha   
   it's 12am and i'm still studying  i wake up at 5:15am  so much going on right now   
navy beat wake <propmale>  5th consecutive win; raises midshipmen to 6-2   smile  now watching ufc 104 - go machida!
pay no attention to those who talk behind your back; it only means that you're two steps ahead of them 
has a sore ankle  another bad thing is that afn is not playing the navy vs  <propfemale> ncaaf game  good thing? saved money by not buying <propfemale> for halloween! haha!  laugh 
"yeah, so i nearly killed my iphone by attempting to jailbreak it  thankfully, it went back to normal  out of the 14k songs i had, 1,411 were left   troubled '"
"if i had a dollar for everytime you sent me a farmville invitation, i'd be one <propmale> son of a   filipino  hahaha! lol "
pacquiao vs  cotto on afn sports  go pacquiao! ufc 105 on afn xtra  go <propfemale>!
   and pacquiao wins! 7 time champion! wooo!!!!
let my song get you higher because we never have to come back down   smile 
san <propmale> chargers (9-3)  united states naval academy midshipmen (8-4)   smile 
"saturday, december 12  it's game time, baby! go navy! beat army! beat mizzou! (postseason texas bowl)"
will be at <propmale> px from 3-6pm for giftwrapping fundraiser   smile 
"<propfemale> christmas, everybody! <propfemale> kurisumasu! maligayang pasko! i hope you're all having a great christmas!"
"no matter where in the world you may be, i wish you all a happy new year! good night 2010 and good morning 2011!"
"who keeps calling me? either leave a message or stop calling me  it's been the same number for over a week now  whoever you are, you're getting on my nerves, now "
buona sera a tutti!  smile 
"goodbye, chargers  had a great season  i guess the superbowl just isn't for sd this year "
shinjuku or shibuya district for spring break? x)
"aw, i guess i have contemporary issues b-3, not b-1   sad  i need b-1 nutrition and b-3 switched   "
"sometimes, all you need is time to sit back and relax  x)"
woohoo! usna beat colgate university in mbb   laugh 
has nothing else to do  time to watch the hangover  x]
last national youth leadership forum on national security in d c  is in 3 weeks  i hate how i can't go; didn't respond to the invitation early enough  lost the opportunity     sad 
the dreams of our past will soon be the reality of our future   smile 
has spikey hair again  woo!
"good job, nonito donaire! ko against vargas in the 3rd rd! congrats to <propfirst> melligen and bernabe <propfemale> for their wins, too! penalosa should've won against morel, especially since he won 6 10 rd's "
lent starts tomorrow   surprise 
"is watching abdc, listening to k-pop, doing lit hw, getting ready to leave, talking to someone on the phone, and breathing   all at the same time  beat that "
bought a new sound system for my car! all i need now is a new receiver; maybe a 2000w amp to help rock the streets  <propfemale>   
i slipped and fell face first outside  stupid rain  i just wanted to take out the trash   annoyed 
"goodbye, ladainian tomlinson  san <propmale> will never forget the nine great seasons you had as a charger "
"blehh   studying for pitt's test and quiz  then, i'm working on a five paragraph essay, an article summary vocabualry, and a project  aside from that, i have to edit a position paper, get <propfemale> papers signed, complete my nhs application, work on some current events, and finish my college \to-do list\""; all for tomorrow   """
study  workout  sleep 
ahhh! so much going on right now  it's just too much   tomorrow is gonna be hella garbage 
"i know you're a groupie but take a number; everyone else wants to get to know me  i know you want to fight me but you really don't want to tempt me  i know you envy me but just to remind you, you can never get like me "
it's almost 1am  time to sleep   
a&p project due tomorrow  time to start  lol   smile 
"yesterday, i woke up to an earthquake shaking my room  this morning, i woke up to a loud tsunami warning message  i wonder what's next   "
"saw a bright yellow lamborghini driving past the commissary gate; my phone was too slow so i couldn't get a picture  but   i did get a picture of a bright yellow ferrari near kadena gate 1  it was gorgeous  i'll upload it along with some other pictures tomorrow, if i have time "
does anyone need a car? one of my friends on kadena is selling a clean honda prelude  only $2000  let me know if you're interested 
"for every dream that is shattered, another one comes true "
bleh   hella tired  gonna sleep first before i study vocab   zzz   
"yeah, i'm done clicking the \become a fan\"" button for today  lol   """
blehh  gonna go watch the usmc silent drill team at <propfirst> petty 
"is about to finish packing  see ya next week, oki   smile "
pacquiao vs  clottey tomorrow 
pacquiao won!
"do any seniors know if we have to dress formally under our cap n gown tomorrow? like, do we have to wear slacks, a dress shirt, suit, dress, etc  during grad practice?"
"so, i was looking through my closet a few minutes ago and found my algebra 1 notebook  inside it, no math; just a bunch of raps i used to write during class  lol  oh, the memories   hahaha"
   and goodbye san <propmale> state   sad 
some middle schooler on kadena was outside the banyan tree sniffing inhaling the air; getting high off of <propfemale> dust? lol  
"oww, wtf, yo  i knocked over a cup of hot water and it spilled all over my leg  now my legs feel like steamed dumplings  - -"
the problem isn't about who is right; it's about who is left 
"should've made a move before that punk from m c  <propfirst> did  but, like one of my homies from sophomore year told me, \there's plenty of fish in the sea \"" hahaha   """
"she's takin' pic's, uploadin' them to her facebook, that night, i come over and she tweetin how good we look, yeah, she's got good taste, but best thing about this is we doin' it at my space   ohhhh! lol  (changed the ending)"
missed the gsp-hardy fight  and   youtube doesn't have a good recording of it either  - -
"i got my magazine, drinks, phone, and itouch  i'm ready for school tomorrow!  laugh "
"beautiful girls, all over the world, i could be chasin' but my time would be wasted; they got nothin' on you, baby; nothin' on you baby   "
"hmm, i should bake some brownies  haha   "
<propfemale>  <propmale>  body  hahahahaha 
"everything about her strikes me like thunder, that smile on her beautiful face, her walk with that heavenly grace; the touch of her skin, the sound of her laughter, pretty girl, wear this ring and i promise you, we'll live happily ever after "
"you do so much for others and yet, you can't get a simple thank you "
"chillin' with some friends tomorrow; maybe all day if it doesn't rain  09013157359 - txt call me, yo "
"your love is why i'm still breathin', the reason why my heart is still beatin'  you holdin' it down like gravity on earth, you keepin' it fresh like weezy, rebirth  - haha, i should be an mc  lol"
"your body - so amazin', got me dazin', rockin' harder than iron maiden; ready for action, bringin' the satisfaction, just come on over, i need ya passion; leave your clothes, no really, it's the latest fashion  - haha  that's all me   smile "
atleast mosley tried to win  pacquiao vs  mayweather; lets see it happen!
gotta love senior year    playful 
"after four years of high school, it is finally graduation day! hell yeah!"
"is officially a kubasaki high school graduate! congratulations to everyone in the class of 2010 - kubi alumni! thanks for a great four years, everyone! goodluck in everything; i wish you all the best! i will dearly miss you all when i fly out this monday  goodbye, kubasaki  goodbye, okinawa "
"   goodbye california  okinawa, we meet once again "
in the philippines; trying to organize some photos at starbucks  damn it's hot here   and it's night time  lol
"??she may have what i want, but you're the one for me; she may look like the girls in the videos, but you're the one for me  ??"
2 days before i jet  -____-
"finally got a cell - send me your <propfirst> so we can keep in touch; any network, any state  we'll trade <propfirst> "
go chargers 
screw 7-eleven  i need a family mart 
"damn, i love college   laugh "
my mom just ran over a squirrel 
first midterm tomorrow   annoyed 
"well, off to the bay then to jersey  later cali "
"   i was just talking to <propfemale> a few weeks ago, too   crying  so sad   r i p <propfemale> g  herrera  you will be dearly missed "
"its funny how people lie to your face, when you clearly know the truth  smh "
hugs not drugs   smile 
"when going the wrong way, god gives you turns "
"oorah and happy birthday, u s  <propfemale> corps "
"dear manny pacquiao,\my birthday is on the 20th  as an early birthday gift, beat the hell out of <propfirst> <propmale> and grab that 8th title  make us all proud \-jai"
"thank you very much for the happy birthday greetings, everyone! y'all are awesome!  smile "
"if i give you one night, are you down? it'll be just one night, i’m in town; baby, i ain't messin' around; if i give you one night, are you down?"
"just because you know us, doesn't mean we consider you a friend  the truth hurts, doesn't it?"
"#3 mannn thats my number  lol  known you since freshman year brodie  cant forget the different raps we came up with during high school  throw some cheese on it!? kool-aid? gummy bears? china-man? ballin'  haha good memories man  you one of the first peeps i met on oki, too  thanks for bein' real, bro  fynna see you play in the nba real soon  haha"
"#60  lol  i was only gonna do one  haha its all good  mayne we way back  i remember when peeps used to call you yao <propfemale> during the <propfemale> years  loool  bro, you chill as hell  haha aimin for the air force and a record deal  you're goin far bro  thanks for bein' a true friend  you know someones gonna get hit when they're frontin with ya  hurry the hell up and get to cali so we can hit the clubs brah "
"#00052 last one  lol  godzilla? magic pot at the end of the rainbow!? smoke puffin up everywhere, oh my! haha  i miss you tons   smile  we need to chill one of these days! oh, you need to show me that secret stash, yeah? better yet, let's get on a plane back to okinawa! :b"
-_______- it took me an hour ride to school to find out that i have no classes or finals until next week   freakin' great   
"oh, yeah  it's time   go navy! beat army!"
"is that the san <propmale> chargers up 21-0 against kansas city? yes, it is!  laugh "
aced my <propmale> history final  :b
"fresno state, i'll see you in 2011  until then, winter break  :b"
"you could doubt me, but remember, i will always prove you wrong "
making some pretty awesome cream cheese-stuffed wontons! yum! :b
"<propfemale> christmas to everyone around the world  i hope you are all having a great time with family and friends  god bless and have an amazing holiday, everyone!  smile "
has been offered membership into csu fresno's chapter of the national society of collegiate scholars! yay!
"lmao  just saw a bum on the corner of barstow and blackstone holding a sign that says, \please help  i'm poor and stupid \"" ahahaha"""
<propfemale>! bay area here we come!
"\drink 'till she's cute\"" ahaha ><"""
"dear people on campus,\i'm not hispanic so stop approaching me in spanish!\sincerely,\jai  smile "
"if i don't get a haircut by next week, i will without doubt look like nacho libre  -__-"
