5eb94730a9c3a626d014f422a468c0f1
triple close to end the christmas break  i love it   sad 
"hi umm, i'm just testing this out, i'm not gonna put photos on until i decide i like it  laugh   the only reason i'm doing this is to waste time until i'm ungrounded from my video games "
<propfemale> how about them cowboys being ranked #2 by sports center for this season?
texas rangers series vs  orioles  win: 0 loss: 4  i'm very disappointed and upset leading into the allstar break 
tennis match? my alias is <propmale> nadal 
"i like the first <propmale> <propfirst> win and then the amazing cj <propmale> pitching  basically, take feldman out of the line-up for texas and add <propmale> holland and you have your championship pitching staff  thank-you rangers for a good year finally "
"<propfirst> feldman pitching  rangers: 0 angels: 3\what did i say last night huh!?"
"inception is possible!! if only that were true, what would you do if you could be a dream architect?"
so i met this girl who is extremely shy  it's quite funny actually but i find it to be cute  she is really funny when she talks and is a nice person  i had a good day at the mall with her and talking with her on the phone  might have a girlfriend soon  laugh  
wow!! would the rangers please give <propfirst> some freaking run support??!!?! i mean the man pitches one of the greatest games of his career and you give him 1 run? and the one run the a's scored was off of ranger stupidity!!
"alright gettin off facebook, wanna talk just text  972-689-8151"
anyone know <propfemale> minshew?
tonight is the night i pwn some noobs on my video game  competition starts in about 27 minutes! i'm getting ready to win the finals and score some good reputation 
didn't really see the ranger game for once   but from what it looks like is harden pitched great  smile ! hope he keeps it up 
so i'm getting my new m15x alienware computer really soon like hopefully tomorrow or the next day! whoop whoop!!  laugh 
"ready to be off work!  sad  \want to see my beautiful laptop so bad!!"
laptop arrival = success  game downloads = success  gaming = amazing  adjusting to the awesomeness = hard 
"list of favorite books: the black company series, <propmale> potter series, <propfirst> cross series, the warded man, the desert spear, artemis fowl series and last but not least the seventh tower series "
<propmale> <propfirst> owner of rangers?! that's the best thing that could've come out of this  those of you wanting <propfirst> cuban don't realize that the mavericks haven't won with him? <propmale> <propfirst> helped turn this team around and put it to where it is today 
early morning breakfast before bed? i like it 
you ever get the feeling where you are one giant backpack? it's awesome 
"today we begin the rules of first person shooters \rule#1 - aim and tap the mouse, don't hold it down "
"the 4th season of the world online gaming league is about to start this sunday  laugh !!! \being the only sniper on your team? +2 points for reflexes "
rule#2 - use your sound to pinpoint your enemies 
"had a pretty good night with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and met someone knew who goes by the name of quintaria  went to go watch the other guys  great movie! it was hilarious   smile "
woooooooooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!
rule#3 - train your eyes to see differences in the scenery 
happyyyyy birthdayyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
        you ever feel like this?
i'm happy that my team is sponsored for my video game  feel appreciated 
having fun with bubble wrap? yes please 
16 5 the magic number that upsets me
"homework on 3: 1,2,3 homework "
"haven't been to church since i don't remember when, things were going great til they fell apart again  so i listen to the preacher as he tells me what to do  he said you can't go hatin' others who have done wrong to you  some times we get angry, but we must not condemn  let the good lord do his job, and you just pray for them!"
i'm terrible when it comes to staring  i like to stare for some reason even though it's rude 
any bowlers on the flower mound team should wear their shirts on tuesday and thursday 
i like the freakin pimple zit whatever it is in the middle of my forehead between my eyes that never goes away lol 
i would like my friends to be able to be spontaneous and not have restrictions! what fun is it in having to do the same things because you aren't allowed to do stuff that is actually fun?!?
"<propfemale> up that red dress  let down your hair  cancel those reservations, there's no need to go no where  as good as your lookin' right now  girl i bet your thinkin' i'm crazy  there's a side of you that i wanna see that never ceases to amaze me "
italian bread!
i think my peach cup was a little too happy  i went to open it up and it squirt on my face!
two handed for the win?
it's quiet    too quiet 
"soooo, i'd like to take a poll  should i practice two handed? or when i can go straight back to one?"
i definately like what i'm seeing out of the rangers  taking advantage of opportunities is what winning in the post season is all bout  let's go home and bring the brooms out!
"\i've got people to do and things to see \"" -anonymous"""
"<propfirst> <propmale> starting tomorrow  surprise   i'm kind of surprised, a little disappointed, and hopeful that he does good  i would much rather see our ace close it out though to just get our first post season victory ever "
i'm ready to win this dance dance revolution competition  step master tot is feelin the beat 
"phone broke got my new one, need <propfirst> again either text me 972-689-8151 or send me ur number in a msg "
"that's it!!!! we're in the second round omg!!!! rangers are #1 babbyyyyy  go kinsler, go rangers!!!!!"
second post of ranger game: that was an awesomelee pitched game! <propmale> = my hero  what a great team effort by the rangers  i think we are ready to face the yankees 
this year is going by super fast and i'm excited  i've been able to meet some cool new people and i am anxious to move forward 
the people that a bowling alley attracts after dark just never ceases to amaze me 
great game rangers!!!! first home victory in the post season  laugh  woot!!
"9 innings of beautiful shut out baseball!!! <propmale> <propfirst>, you are a freaking artist on the mound!"
are you kidding me umpires? let's not even review and baby the yankees some more 
molinaaa!!!
hamboneee!!
good job rangers!!!!! let's keep up the good work!
cant wait for friday 
new fmhs bowling shirt: xxx on the front and on the back either 1  fmhs bowling - our balls are the biggest  or 2  fmhs bowling - we use our balls the best  want to?
"i might start working out  haha, anyone have any program suggestions?"
wow! miley will never stop - watch miley <propmale> with new boyfriend - leaked news => http annoyed  bit ly miley<propmale>s
cowboys game sunday    anyone want to go?
"<propfemale>, apparently you shouldn't play baseball in the dark because it's hard to see the baseball "
"cowboys game was awesome!!! lost 35-17 but just the atmosphere was amazing! just wish that some of my friends were there, it would've been much more fun  smile  "
college is dangerously close 
"well, you put on a good run rangers  i'm sure all of your fans are proud of you and seeing as you are a young team who's franchise has never been to the world series let alone the alcs we have some good times to look forward to "
"ughh, feelin prettty down atm  can't wait for college, hopefully out of state at university of colorado at boulder "
why oh why did i ever quit playing baseball? stupidest decision of my life 
there should be a soap opera made at amf lewisville  it would be a huge hit 
get over it   smile  you can't do anything about what they are going to do  just be glad that you got out before you were caught in the sorrowness for ever 
i'm extremely bored so if you have a question you want to ask i'll answer it 
practice time 
<propfirst> frankenstein!
christmas break most likely going to arizona and up into the mountains where quite possibly i might be able to snowboard!!!  laugh   laugh 
<propmale> potter 7 part 1 was a great movie! i can't wait for part 2 it will be the best one yet!!
"work tonight, then i get monday-thursday off  anyone wants to do anything those 4 days just text me or call  don't know my number? message me "
bright and early on the break week  smile 
"so i may be too late on this, but someone told me at school that on tuesday the bowling team was planning on getting together for like a practice or something  i'm probably going to just <propfemale> out up there and see if anyone shows up  if you want to come no need to rsvp if you want to figure out what time to be up there you can txt or msg me  972-689-8151 "
hurry up cold weather!
<--- suppressed anger issues
i was left speechless about 5 minutes ago  
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday december 6th  join the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this to your status  smile 
"airsoft wars, need people to get a massive war ctf style  i know four - five people who are down but we need 16 "
i like closing with <propfirst> smyser  always leave the building laughing 
hi
snowbunnies? yes please 
1 more week after tomorrow  !!! i'm super duper excited!
fun night at the davenport's house watching the fights! gsp kicked some butt   laugh 
good bowling today <propfirst>  way to go team!
you're wierd!
i love sportsnation! one of the greatest shows on earth 
have arrived safely in arizona  next stop - snowboarding 
snowboarding was amazing!! i so wish that i could live on a mountain and just board every day! boarding for four days straight open to close though has reminded me how out of shape i am 
let me down easy - <propfirst> currington
exams!
"laptop, desktop, laptop, desktop  portability? performance? aghhhh!"
"to my ear infection that won't go away, i have this to say \i hate you "
i loved working super bowl sunday (sarcasm) 
"high school bowling regionals this weekend  we need to do good this year, it's been a rough few years but i think this could be it "
"i'd like to congratulate <propfirst> tan    wow 879 was it? 300,300,279?"
thank-you to all the seniors at flower mound who have realized what it means to put your differences aside and just be nice for a change  it's refreshing 
"it really sucks to not be able to <propfemale> out with your teammates right after a big competition where you did really well because you have to work  and then, to add on, you have to close at 12 surprise 0 which ends up being 12 smile 0-45 "
"fun time in <propfirst> this weekend, kind of sad it ended so quickly  would've liked to stay there a few extra nights, but glad to be back home at the same time "
getting the taboo for my early birthday present! can't wait to see what this sucka can do 
"i'm excited for this weekend  it's our final oppurtunity and i think we have grown together as a team  it's our time  \\let's go fmhs bowling team and do our best in state!"
my mouth is all puffy and numb from the dentist visit  sad  
bleh!
you're the best 
there's so much on my mind right now   but this should sum it up - why?
thank-you beltre!
