e30a33d108405355566ac901502c410a
has just gotten used to writin 2010 and now has to remember its 2011! hehe happy news years to all! much love  live up the new year and new start!! xoxoxo
ready to go home to my hubby  sad  hate working
wondering what to do today
hate working!
misses her bugger  sad  like the rain outside though it's a nice break from the cold for awhile
ready for a change      working tail off to make that money     bout to move into my new house soon can't wait!
english got cancelled    what do i do til 2???
can't wait to go on my hubby's motorcycle ride 2morrow >)
watching inglourious bastards w  my handsome man  smile 
waiting for english 2 to start  
home from school awhile ago  bout to take shower then head to work    ughh
getting ready for night shift    blahh
sitting @ skool waiting for the weekend to finally start      no work til sat   so spending the night out with my baby and friends!!! whoot whoot!!
study for stats test @2    bored can't wait to have a night out and relax for once
how can i feel so confident in myself yet still have doubts?     stomach in knots  sad 
feeling a little better but still kinda on edge
sickkkk        sad  <propmale> got me sick again lame-o!
<propfemale> when will all these dang snow birds go home!
ready for skool to be over already    
<propmale> dunham tonight!!!! ahh can't wait laugh and see <propfirst>  smile 
thinking of plans to do tonight    any ideas?
sipping on my <propfemale> mccafe frappe
can't seem to find my place among my friends     
i hate non-helpful ppl
starting our journey to ocala for the weekened with friends to ride some quads  smile  ohh yeahh its gonna be fun!!
tired      but still truckin on  ocala rocked my muddy socks lol
overwhelmed with school work and everyday life    can't wait for time off and summer to start!!!
suck @ work     bored out of mind!
done doing stats hw now off to do english and more        can't wait for it all to end
"wow could naples, fl get any freaking hotter?! lol"
went to beach w  <propfemale> today then got new phone! cant wait to relax with buggers tonight  smile 
hates when ppl start random drama like they r back in high school or sumthin  piece of advice: get over it  for the record: i never said that crap but thanks for the attention  smile 
lazy and burnt lol
buggers just left for work  what do i do now until 9 tonight?
buggers still gone  sad  and im still bored lol its like im being punished and my favorite toy is taken away haha
why cant the sun sleep in fo once?!
why cant the sun sleep in when i want it to?!
work sucked last night    cant wait to sleep in my warm fluffy bed
gavins @ work and im going to the beach       would anyone like to join me?
going to the gun range  smile 
waiting for gav to get off work then outback eating time!!
going to work       sad  fml
almost done with work til 3ish    i think a rollar blade ride to the beach is just what the doctor ordered!
going for a beach walk with my madre then go take care of some errands      fun to boring in like 5 mins
heading to realy for life <propfemale> gate wrap-up
legs sore from 5 mile skate yesterday and walk today     ready to watch twilight 2 then sleep    nighty night termite
stayin in tonight with the buggers    work tomorrow @ 7 am  sad 
work is lame and i got to go to a new case tomorrow @ 6 am!  sad  but tonight should be fun   buggers is cooking me supper and then we r cleaning <propfirst> the bird's cage    exciting
chillin @ the house      helping gav study for his cna test    ooo btw i got 3rd place in my league's poker tourney last night  smile 
getting ready to go get packed for ocala this weekend  wink  <propfemale> excited
bout to do an oil change on the bug then the rest of the night is devoted to       well idk yet haha
just got back from another day 4 wheelin in ocala     got rained on haha
congrads to all the grads today    good luck in ur futures xoxo
todays a hard day for me and my family  sad  rip <propfemale> <propfemale> vogel xoxo you will be always remembered and loved      cant believe its been a year already
living as usual      ready for next poker tourney  smile 
work   walmart   shower   feed bird   then supper @ mother-in-law's  smile  cant wait to see other family
work    very unmotivated tonight
working and then going for a roller blade
happy birthday <propfemale> <propfemale> vogel!! i miss you very much rip xoxo
working in sarasota   get back tues  then im off for a week  smile  cant wait for vaca
thank god im back home! haha so excited to get these next few hours over with so i can have a relaxing rest of the week  smile 
seeing <propfemale> the play with my cuz and gamma  smile  exciting girls night     very  much needed
back in sarasota     fml i want my weekend back  sad 
freshman 15 my a** (wishing it was in a literal sense lol)     more like freshman 15 hundred!!  sad 
wow cant believe ppl actually are on facebook at this time    
should get some sleep   but im in like zombie mood right now :[
ready for tomorrows poker tourney!
2nd place in tourney!! girls heads up poker      rocked that room tonight and loved every minute  smile 
@ home all by my lonesome     gav i guess didnt want to <propfemale> out with me?
going to see <propfemale> play some softball    gonna get my mind cleared  for a lil
chilliaxin in <propmale> with my buddies  smile  bout to meet <propmale> and brit in old town
back to reality       sad  y cant vaca's last longer?
hates when her comp breaks and she cant fix it        sad  y is everything going wrong before skool starts?! like i didnt pay enough money out the butt 
stayin up to hopefully see the meteor shower with my future hubby
"\you will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love \"" \",e30a33d108405355566ac901502c410a,"\half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save \""\",e30a33d108405355566ac901502c410a,bout to eat some pasta with my 2nd family! <propfemale> hungry     
sitting @ skool waiting for class to start then go home and <propfemale> with gav     boring but so cant wait for relaxation time!
just got back from the beach and now getting ready for work   
r i p  zac    its ashame you left us so young  sad  my heart goes out to zac's family xoxoxo
s o a  season 2 dvd came in the mail today!!! ahh cant wait    marathon time
late night marathon      very early work day  sad  y cant i have a time stopper?
sons of anarchy: season 3 tonight @ 10 on fx!!! ahhhh im sooo excited!!!!!
holy crap!! what a freakin start to the soa season! i cant believe the ending  surprise 
great poker tourney last night  banked on a 2% out  smile 
had a great day!!!! loving life     xoxo life    
"watchin <propmale> season 1  smile  hehehe \bouncy!\"""""
headin to lake city!! ahhh so excited for a quick vaca  smile 
watchin s o a and chillin for the rest of the night
waiting for my next class to start and end so i can go home  sad 
oh great    here comes another life transitioning stage of my life  annoyed \
work ends @2 then going for a motorcycle ride with gav and daddy-in-law and stepmommy-in-law  smile  hehe derby tonite @ 6!!  laugh  hope to ppl there    
cruise countdown: 2 days!!! ahhh so excited to be unreachable and soak in those cozemel sun rays
cozemel was great!! whole trip so far has been a blast and very relaxin  smile  tryin to get off in key west but dumb ppl wont move > annoyed  ooo well hehe see ya soon loves ! xoxo
"great cruise!! not feeling so myself now but im tryin to get back into regular life mode lol my hubbys birfday is today so im gonna try and make that special too  if ya know him try and send him a quick \happy b-day\"" haha ttyall l8ter"""
early work day but the bene of that is i get off early too  smile  sun shine time!
chillinn at home     nothing to do   so its stress free  smile 
long week     tired      getting ready for a party weekend  smile 
thank u to all the veterens out there!
"writing 4 essays 4,000 words a piece due in 2 days is some hard work  sad \fml    "
happy homestead race day!! so excited! im sittin at work in the hospital and watching <propfirst> jhonson win his 5th  championship title! haha gotta love it
<propmale>'s a bad ass! he made history yesterday  5x's awesome-ness!! sitting in a&p on my new hp laptop  smile  im loving it!!
"happy turkey day (well early one)      done with essays! done with school! work til 5ish   then chilling for the weekend gettting fatter  wink  !!!! safe travels if your leaving, safe weekend if your staying  xoxo"
happy turkey day!! hope everyone has a safe and thankful holiday      enjoy!
work today   work and another thanksgiving supper tomorrow    and work and poker game sunday      what a great weekend huh?
sons of anarchy finale!!! omg i cant take it!
"went to mall w  orange peels (<propfemale>) today      sitting @ home waiting for gav  then publix then dinner and a movie night  smile  \birfday on sunday!!!!"
birfday weekend!!! ahh im so excited!! lol
happy 20th birfday to me! haha yay i feel old now! lol
thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday  smile  you guys are too awesome! i had a great weekend and im looking forward to finals being over tomorrow  laugh  good luck to all!! xoxoxo
"the country song : \what do you want from me?\"" fits my past perfect!! and now \""wildflower\"" is my whole self  smile  i love how every song can fit into your life!"""
chillin     then work  sad 
" sad  i just ran my car over 99,000 miles    wtf    "
what a great day! im loving this weather and cuddling next to my bubba  laugh 
is the world flat?
"what a great poker tourney last night!! omg i can;t believe my step-dad won the grand prize and the title of 2nd annual naples poker tour champ  i'm <propfemale> proud of him and everyone that attended last night  it was an awesome finale poker game, and whata wild night  also, had an awesome relaxing and reviving day in bed lol xoxo to all and good luck last minute x-mas shopping!"
\i drive an old rusted out chevrolet\,e30a33d108405355566ac901502c410a,happy holidays to all!! xoxoxo mucho much       going to see <propmale> clan tonight then dad and gav's family tomorrow    so excited for <propfemale>!!!
had a great x-mas with everyone! best night was with the <propmale> clan hehe many laughs! hope everyone is ready for the new year!!
okay now i'm concerned! i'm reading my fortune cookie and wanted to learn some chinese thats written on the back of the fortune and go figure it's written in spanish instead  no offense but wth is going on?
"had a great week! <propmale> and friends came and stayed for a few days  had tons of laughs and memories we made (some a little miserable, but still good)  can't believe school is starting up again  sad "
working til 8  sad  oo well @ least this next paycheck will be huge!
"my mommy's b-day today  work til 5 then its b-day party time!!! \what comes before part b     that's right part a!!! lol"""
working til 8  lots of online class things to do this weekend!  sad  tgif!!
"in the words of <propfirst> murphy (republican stratagist) \ i dont want to be speaking chinese in 10 years \"" lol it was a pretty funny moment during the dedate of the new state of the union   smile """
hates when your eating everything in sight and those workout commercials come on  sad 
chilling at home    finally got my room straightened out and looking forward to a night of relaxation      tons of hw and work tomorrow  sad 
why am i always the last to know things?! lol
dealing w  it one day at a time    
working til 8  sad  dang this weather is makin me feel miserable lol naples is starting to become like forks    hehe vampires and werewolves oh my!
"gav surprised me with a card and <propmale> bear when i got home from work then we ate michelbob's for our <propfirst>'s day lunch  smile  [love you apple crisp, more than you'll ever know and realize!] happy v-day everyone!! xoxo"
having a busy but great week  smile  naples botanical garden is having my dogs in their presentation (bite work) this sat  @ 12 smile 0!! you'll should try and make it there  xoxo
awesome turn out in the garden today  playful  dogs did a fantastic presentation! i'm so prod of them lol  work then beach with <propfemale> tomorrow  laugh  cant wait!!
midnight madness here we come!! headin to the fair with my girl brit and the boys  smile  cant wait to get my annual <propfemale> apple  laugh 
havin a great week!  smile  beach everyday so far between work and school      thinkin bout my new tat? lol happy hump day!! xoxo
<propfirst> and <propfemale> coming to naples tomorrow!! ahh i can't wait to see them!!! xoxo hope everyone has a great weekend
 sad  couldn't make it down yesterday      miss them like crazy     anyways had a great day with my madre  though then came back home and had an awesome family supper
