ab61608250255c8c9ea48e6368b79ad0
welcomes the newest addition to the hall family: berkley copper hall - a beautiful <propmale> <propfirst> spaniel!!
is missing her husband 
"is exhausted, frustrated, and highly annoyed   "
about to take berkley to petsmart for his first day of obedience training!   smile   exciting!  his first day of school!!!!!!!!!
"in exactly two weeks from today, <propfirst> and i will be celebrating our first wedding anniversary   wow   seems like it's been 10 yrs        wink "
happy anniversary day to me!  (and <propfirst> of course   )
is home alone with berkley watching sytycd waiting for criminal minds to start   what an exciting life i lead   
just got home from work   long day 
finishing up studying the lesson for sunday school tomorrow 
making challah bread   
"my hubby turns the big 4-0 today!!!!!  happy 40th birthday, love!"
happy 28th birthday to me!!!!
healthcare reform passed - why am i not surprised?  oh well   i still have something to celebrate today   my mom turns 59!  happy birthday mom!!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all!
"feel for colt and the longhorns   would have been a completely different game had he gotten to play   but gotta give props to <propmale> - freshman, bcs national championship game, pressure   not bad, <propmale>, not bad    "
2nd day of my p90x workout   yep   i'm in pain   
so i was opening my mail yesterday and guess what i got? a membership card for the aarp!  and it was addressed to mr  <propfirst> m  hall   what's up with that?!?!?!
sitting on the couch in my pjs drinking coffee while berkley and <propfemale> sleep in my lap   i love mondays off from work!!
poor <propfemale> has an upset tummy   she has (pardon what i am about to write) thrown up 4 times tonight    sad   i think she gets motion sickness   poor little baby   
very busy day   ready to curl up in bed and read a good book   
come on members of the house!  make the right choice   just say no!
it frightens me that our government (who can't run itself) could possibly be in charge of my healthcare   
"am i hearing this correctly? individual insurance mandates   giving the irs more power   are you kidding me?!? the more i learn about this healthcare reform <propmale>, the more sick i get   ughhh!"
my baby boy and my turtle turn 1 and 7 today! happy birthday berkley and kallen!
hates driving  if i could fly everywhere i would   
is playing rummikub with <propfirst> and totally kicking her butt!   smile 
"so i made chili tonight for dinner   the recipe called for a tablespoon of chipotle  peppers in adobo sauce and i accidently put in half a can!!!  if you really like spicy chili, we have an abundance!"
just made chicken potpies from scratch for dinner   yum!
is running late for work     again!
"according to yahoo: of the 10 worst paying college degrees, theology is #3 and social work is #1   oh well   good thing i'm not in this field for the money!"
"i have cooked more for my dogs this weekend than for my husband   sorry, <propfirst>   "
is headed to fatetteville!
is shopping with my sister at the promenade       fun times!
i can not wait for christmas and disney world and universal studios   especially the wizarding world of <propmale> potter!!!!
on my way to the oral surgeon to have my wisdom teeth removed  oh the joy     
<propfirst>'s pouting  we told her we would give her 5 bucks if she wouldn't talk until we got home from the movies  haha
30 minutes early and still have to sit 2nd row from the front  i don't think any movie is worth this   
\if my people who are called by\,ab61608250255c8c9ea48e6368b79ad0,lost my phone   fun times 
found my phone!  well   jay found it   in my car  under the seat   i really did look there   
studying at books-a-million for my licensing exam   funny   no matter how old i get i can always find a way to procrastinate studying   
<propfirst> starts high school today!  i'm being a good stepmom and making waffles for breakfast   
i passed the lcsw exam!!  yeah!!!
happy anniversary to me and my hubby! i love you!
so excited!  first weekend of october   i've dragged out all my halloween decorations and am ready to set it all up!  this is the first year i get to set up my spooky halloween town!   smile 
we have court tomorrow for <propfirst>   we are nervous yet have peace of mind   we know god is in control   please pray for strength for us all 
"fat girl (a k a  <propfemale>) got too big for her harness so we got her a new one   got home from <propfirst> today and not only has <propfemale> eaten the towel over her crate, her comforter inside the crate, the bottom of her crate, the carpet underneath her crate, but she also ate her new harness completely off her body   what the heck?!?!?"
way to go childs!  way to go hogs!
"so proud of <propfirst>!  she has all as and 1 b   and three of her as are 100s!  way to go, shells!"
fattie ate through her harness   again   we are now on harness #4   
great concert by soul'd out at beech street baptist church tonight!
making dog biscuits for my babies!
happy turkey day!
so excited to be at work today   not!
hi   my name is <propfirst> and i'm addicted to multi-player online role-playing games   don't judge me   
almost done with my christmas shopping and it's only december 4th!
happy birthday to my loving husband  he turns 41 today!! i love you!
running super late for work   
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!  my favorite moment was this morning when kallen (my 7yo nephew) remembered on his own it was his aunt v's birthday but had to be reminded it was his mom's birthday!  haha!  (sorry, whit!)"
so a client gave me a christmas card today   it was addressed to miss vain   hmmmm   is she trying to tell me something?
we missed our connection in <propfirst> by 5 minutes and there are no more flights until 6:15 in the morning  fun times   
sugar bowl! go hogs!!
it took <propfirst> 40 minutes to drive through the snow and ice and bring me to work this morning  only 3 therapists are here and 0 clients  plus they just informed me we could wear jeans today and i'm in slacks  grrrr   
<propfirst> is all giddy about a date she has tonight   so we are having fun giving her a hard time    smile 
waiting for court to start  oh the joy   
"loves getting a subpoena for court, canceling my afternoon, waiting two hours for court to start, and then not getting called to testify   makes me happy   ::insert sarcasm here::"
very late night call to the hospital   finally headed home for some much needed sleep    zzzzzz
"a very happy birthday to one of the greatest man i know - my dad  i love you, daddy!"
"enjoying the day off and being the only one at home!  finishing laundry, reading, and catching up on my criminal minds   i do see a nap in the near future as well   "
i spilt makeup all over my shirt yesterday on the way to work and today dropped my phone in my glass of tea  wonder what tomorrow will bring   
<propfemale> is the best sister around  i'm not sure how i would survive without her!
