44e66ab533e6402da245d2a57cd0430e
i wish i had something to do gosh i'm such a boring person  playful 
ugh   bored  playful 
i'm bored any1 wanna <propfemale> out
ahhh my cell phone is sooo stupid
sometimes i wish i could hide under the covers forever
i wish you could just leave it at that
boorrreeeddd  annoyed 
kinda tired i'm a <propfemale> out with heaven and <propmale> today    i think lol
had a gr8 day i luv hanging out with that girl!!
i only wanted you to accept me for who i am not judge because of the way i look  sad 
i'm on the red team
ahh well freshman years gonna b gr8 :  
it's to early
homecoming 2night  smile 
today just sucked ;p
not happy    sad 
umm well i don't know
but as you sleep i love this song
"bored,tired annoyed "
tonight i had play tech practice and tomorow is late start
shes gone for good!!!
sooo confused!!!
yay i love the snow!
what a great fucking way to start out the new year      thanks mom  crying  thank god for friends
<propfemale> haha cvdggb cvdggb zvb zadreeqwruippif h  gdxesgjnj m i love typeing with my ipod
my face doesn't fit because my glasses are to big
ur head has a flower on it
hi i'm <propfemale> what's ur name?
nananananananananananana  batman haha super bored
i hate this i hate this so much and i didn't even do anything!?!?
this all just sucks 
    sad 
i really don't think it can get any worse
wow lol
it turned out to be a really good weekend  smile )
sometimes you need to accept an appolgy just because without that person in your life you don't have much of a life
i feel crappy  sad  i hate sickness
really?
haha i like shopping
wow i really hate my brother right no
im hoplessly hopeful your just hopeless enough
you think i dont understand but you have no idea how much i do
i just want to break you down so badly in the worst way
"i\m happy i dont have to deal with my brother for this week!"""
round in circles-lets start over-round in circles-lets start over
i just got soda everywhere    love your driving mom haha
going to a movie in a while smile )
???
who knows anymore?
ice cold milk and an oreo cakester!!!!!!!!! smile ) haha
got out of the hospital at three thirty this morning they put me on vicodin <propfemale> i dont feel anything  smile )
glad to know your friends are of more importance than me
i got new meds from the doctor not gonna get sick this time i hope  i get to go to school tomorrow yay!
"your love is the barrel of a gun, so tell me, am i on the right end?"
oww i forgot my meds at home and i have to babysit
sometimes i wish things got better before they got worse
lalalalalalala smile 
so today was just not good sad 
i feel awful but it was a good day anyway annoyed 
today could be better annoyed 
sooooooo   meow
"tired,confused,bored"
sooooooooooooooo i hope this weekend goes as planned and better then e playful ected
who really knows how to breeth when you fall to your knees in agony crying for one one more <propmale> one more day
it won't be easy but why don't we try
well today is gonna be great   mabey
"you don't even know, no one understands"
i'm home
sometimes people need to know when to walk away
this day just keeps getting better smile 
the best lies are told with fingers tied so hold them tight
it's all almost over i just have to breeth and make it through the day
i'm not sure what to say at this point
"go back to the place we knew before\retrace our steps to the basement door,\i'll ask you if the rain still makes you smile,\like so much time that we spent in the fall\it put color in our cheeks while the air turned cold,\preceding what became our bitter end "
went to the library got some books today  smile 
i'm looking at the hourglass but paying no attention to time
"i just don't know how to deal with it so i'll walk away  mabey it will be the end, who knows but i'll wish for a new beginning when it's all over"
"i won't let you break me down, it's here and now i'm breaking out, i will learn to love again"
glee tonight smile )
   confused
it's scary how one day someone is there and the next day there gone
"this is the worst mistake i’ve made, and i make thousands every day, if you give this one more shot, ill make it up in every way, ill call you twice i day, and drive you to the airport, just so i can watch you leave    even if you’re leaving me"
i'm home  smile 
i try hard not to think about the pain i feel inside did you know you used to be my hero
got my hair cut   it's soooo short
i didn't do well on any of my finals sad 
what a day
ahhhhhhh i want my phone back
i made a pie   i feel accomplished  smile 
our truest life is when we are in dreams awake ~ <propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau~
time dosen't wait for anyone   
today was a great day  smile 
"i should cry but you were thinking weak\so close your eyes ill say this once\just shut your mouth\just tear me out\cause you keep talking till i don’t know what you’re talking about\just let me speak there’s another side of me\don’t shut me out, and don’t turn me out- automatic loveletter"
some people    i don't understand
am i not destroying my enemies when i make friends of them?
i went to the ren faire today    it was amazing!
why do we always try so hard to be someone were not when someone dosen't accept us? so they can be disappointed to find out who we really are?
going to my gradparents tomorrow
"fireworks in every direction you look,\smoke filled sky    this is how it should be  smile "
sooooo friends that randomly bring you food are good smile ) haha
why are people so willing to call something love when they don't even know the meaning of the word?
i don't know what to say right now  annoyed  hmmmm   
"secret love, my escape\ take me far far away \secret love, are you there will you answer my prayer \please take me anywhere but here\anywhere but here- mayday parade"
i love when it storms  love 
going to <propfirst>'s beach with <propfemale> today  smile 
"sometimes you see the best in someone, but eventually you'll see the worst "
"come one, come all, you're just in time to witness my first breakdown  -all time low"
a woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea 
"tell me tell me, what makes you think that you are invincible, i can see it in your eyes that you're so sure, please don't tell me that i am the only one that's vulnerable, impossible- secondhand serenade"
i had an amazing day  smile )
"so, after this is all done and over with where does it leave me?"
"if i was honest about what the problem is i'd have to admit that it's me ,but i'm just trying to live up to all that you want me to be"
i'm so confused i want to cry 
sweet dreams   
wow   
i'm disappointed in so many ways that you'll never understand 
going to the dells this weekend it's gonna be great  smile )
i'm home!!!
sick  sad 
got my schedule   not sure if i like it yet 
having an awesome week at <propfemale>'s!!  smile 
trying to decide if i want to stay home tomorrow or if i want to stay another week 
home   
<propfemale> school wasn't horrable but it wasn't good either  playful 
i'm so sick of all of this     annoyed 
wow   this is all wrong 
"god writes a lot of comedy    the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny  \garrison keillor"
"sometimes, i wish i was smart, i wish i made cures for, how people are, i wish i had power, i wish i could lead, i wish i could change the world, for you and me\\'cause i feel so mad, i feel so angry, i feel so callused, so lost, confused, again, i feel so cheap, so used, unfaithful, let's start over, let's start over"
"yawn   so tired, but <propfemale> happy for the weekend smile )"
"it is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love "
"i hate this house ,i hate this whole place i wish somebody would take me away    take me away to a place far far from here"
how can this silance be so loud
"i got my phone back, and had a great weekend on top of that!"
"stay awake\get a grip and get out, your safe\from the weight of the world just take\a second to set things straight\i'll be fine\even though i'm not always right\i can count on the sun to shine\the dedication takes a lifetime\but dreams only last for a night- all time low"
had an awsome day went shopping then came home and ordered pizza yummy  smile )
"come over here and let me hold your hand and hug you darling\i promise you that it won't always feel this bad\there are so many things i want to say to you"
this weekend should be awsome!  smile )
today was a great day 
"ugh, i hate being sick  sad "
you can't break something that's already broken   
confused   
so hi  i like dogs  dogs are cool  yes they are  if only they knew just how cool they were   
i'm tired   and <propfirst> is a dork  laugh 
   just so fucking confused  annoyed 
"oooo, today should be fun  laugh "
the only thing you can control is you   
"am i just not good enough, that figures, i never thought i was\all i feel is pain\just stop judging me for once\then my head just pounds with questions, as the room falls down around me\it's all falling down around me"
"i know you've seen a lot of things in your life \it got you feeling like this can't be right \but, i won't hurt you; i'm down for you baby- keyshia <propmale>"
does standing on street corner automaticly make you a hooker
does standing on street corner automaticly make you a hooker?
i'm being replaced   as if it's so hard to tell
"inbox\only: tell me something you've always wanted to say to me, anything  \this stays betwwen us  put this as your status and see what you get in \your inbox   laugh "
sometimes friends are all you need  smile )
would you care to sit and talk for a while and pretend it's all okay?
   and you're still the one i can't stop thinking about no matter how hard i try
the one person i thought could stand up to the world finnaly let the world come rushing through his door   
"i guess my opinions, thoughts ,and ideas don't matter anymore so i'll just keep them to myself from now on   "
at <propfemale>'s house  laugh 
i'm surounded by people that know me but don't know a thing    but i'm trying to come clean- <propmale> <propmale>
here i come rice lake    i hope this goes well  smile 
"at times like these you can't look to the painful times, it's a time for love look at the good in the past ,the present ,and the future"
wow stupid people just don't know when to say no and walk away    right into a black hole
from a distance you look perfect but the closer i get the more i realize what a beautiful mess you really are   
and agin my mind is going in circles    i'm not sure what to do
i want to go play in the snow! but no one will come with me  annoyed 
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
yepp i'm confused!
i hate cell phones! grr
sugar cookies yummy!  laugh 
a child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone  -<propfirst> <propmale>
could you tell me why? because i'm not quite sure i understand  if things happen for a reason what was the reasoning for this?
i wanna be a penguin!  laugh  haha
"i've been numbed, i'm revived, can't say i'm not alive \you know i wouldn't want it any other way- <propfemale> <propmale>  smile "
what the hell?
what the hell just happened???
right now i just need to smile and make it through the day   
those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves  -<propfirst> hazlitt
"i'm hating myself right now for ever trusting you, for letting you get to me and making me feel so small    but i just can't help it  why won't you just leave me alone?"
what's wrong with you? you yell and yell can't you see my pain can't you see me crying already?
how can someone be that self- centered?
i refuse to let my mom take me to the mall anymore    wow haha
"eh, i'm glad valentines day is over finally"
"ah, today was a great day i got my shoes today and watched some awesome people try out for the talent show  smile "
i think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live  -godfrey reggio
wow   i love haw people can't judge me to my face
i have a panic attack and what does my mom do    walk inside saying whatever kassie   your such a great mom
wow sometimes i really don't understand people's decisons   
well that was a crazy dream o o
i hate when your in the middle of talking to someone and then they answer their phone like you wern't saying anything at all
and who just walked through a drive through atm? me and <propfirst> that's who! i enjoy being a dork  playful 
oh no! i'm lost   gr
i'm not afraid this time 
well that was     interesting hahahaha!
ahhh! i've been scarred for life   again! thanks <propfirst>
happy birthday to the sister i never got the <propmale> to know  i hope your eleventh birthday is a good one 
"trust enables you to put your deepest feelings and fears into the palm of ones hand, knowing they will be handled with care- <propfirst> s  <propfirst>"
i'm going to be mature about this this time    no yelling  i'm going to fix this   
"and as i sat down for breakfast i asked my dad, why is my pancake square? haha wow"
<propfemale>  smile 
sticky stuff = awesome
"wow, i just had to ban my mom from my bedroom    and who is the parent in this relationship?"
