a25f29c945aa9ffea54a0bf95c3bde8c
misses her bro extremely much x10^5  crying 
gahhh school sucks          
is it the weekend yet      
weekend!!!!!!!!
school tomorrow       sad face  crying 
gah can't wait for school to end!!!!
comp and out!!!
fail     
why the hell does sad music always come on when your sad?!?!
i'm happy now that i've had ice cream  smile 
i'm happy now that i've had ice cream again  laugh 
almost the weekend
 crying 
comp tomorrow       
i passed comp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
prevent is a big waste of time  i just want to graduate and go home!!!
omg prevent is over and i graduate tomorrow!!!!!!
not long before i'm driving back home!!!
gah!!! i leave for home in just a few hours!!!
guess whose home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
power prep monday                   
yea   watch  annoyed 
passed my mini-comp with a 3 4!!!!!!!  laugh 
cookies!!!!!!  laugh  from my mom  smile 
scary game= bad  playful 
i love my camera and martial arts  smile  both relaxing
i love rain  smile 
30-4 amazing start to power school  annoyed  (that was highly sarcastic btw)
guess who i happened to say hi to at walmart 0 o
yea! did awesome on my first power school test  laugh  3 49!!!
you ever get so tired that you get hyper    i'm there 0 o
weekends are amazing  laugh  just wish they would last longer  playful 
nooo      study        don't want to!!!
guess what physics test i got a 3 46  laugh 
learning to play guitar  laugh 
guitar is awesome and my fingers hurt  laugh 
3 11 on math and i didn't even finish o o
you know you have been in the rickover too long when    
yea 10-0!!!! lowest hours that i've ever been on  laugh 
yup     life at this place is amazing *sarcastic x10^5*
ahhhh friday!!!!!!!!!! weekend!!!!!!!!!!! gahhh!!!!!!!
i wish i could figure out what damn song this is   it is going to bug the hell out of me till it is discovered  annoyed 
3 50 physics! wooo  laugh 
two more days till my families down for the 4th of july weekend!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
ahhh tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
with my family  laugh 
so glad this is a short week
why are weekends always so short  sad 
*crawling* half way there     
weekend  laugh 
gah school again  annoyed 
ugh being sick sucks  annoyed 
f$#k my nose!!!
gaaaah test wednesday!!
weekend!!!!!!!
another weekend over  sad 
i actually got to sleep in this morning!  smile 
weekend!!!!!!!
hmmm traveling back to charleston  sad  new house is amazing though and great to see the family  smile 
gaaa people
gahhh power school must end!!!!
ha take that power school!!! u have finally been defeated even if by the skin of my teeth!!!!
headed to ny  laugh 
in ny have a house and checking in tomorrow  laugh 
hmmmm mids then work from 0800 to fricken 1400      really sucks  annoyed 
on my way to see the family for thanksgiving  laugh 
omg worse cliffhanger! assassins creed brotherhood must continue!!
yea four day weekend! snowboarding saturday  laugh 
uggg swings - -
we have embarked on the never ending quest to rid those buildings of all their saltiness    
"us: anything for us to do\chief: clean the grills outside\us (after chief leaves): wait it's the middle of winter\this is when u know they really don't have anything for us to do      "
wooo last day of swings and snowboarding tomorrow!  laugh 
thanks everyone  laugh 
at my cottage with my bro  laugh 
holy hell lots of snow!  laugh 
is happy  smile 
"\ hubba zoot zoot    hubba hubba zoot zoot uh nom nom\""       @-@"""
nooooo!!!! not school again  crying 
i hate being sick!  troubled 
one part down 
uggg much dislike going straight from days to mid
