e4f9a4c199bfd27dc1a6e225736408b7
i stay up late and don't do anything productive
<propmale> has returned 
is in california right now - it freaking rocks!
is back from california - and got fried   stupid missionary body that hasn't seen sun in two years      
finally saw the dark knight - it was awesome!
give them nothing!  take from them   everything!
football is glorious!
sucks at facebook
needs to post pictures soon
"hey all i have a psp i bought before the mish that i have yet to use since i got back - perfect condition with accesories - invisible shield, protective case and 4 games thinkin to sell for about 170-200 dollars    know anyone interested?"
has transformed into a  completely different person with his haircut   it's freaking creepy
what better way to bring in the new year than to party til 3am at the u?
to my everlasting shame a friend finally convinced me to watch twilight(the first one)   i felt like i was in some sick <propmale> high school creepy girls' lustful fantasy-the kind she wouldn't dare tell her parents or even her friends about until 15 years later when she decided to write it all down when it didn't end up happening to her   and i lost respect for those who wish they could join this fantasy  disgusting 
call me crazy but yes i worked out at 2am
"\looks aren't everything - but they are the beginning\"""""
been home for going on 7 months and am still giving the rm talk with the high council around the stake haha
wow - nice guys really do finish last
all men!!!!  if you support the fight against prostate cancer write down the color of your underpants on facebook!!!!!
i swear on all that is holy that if it snows this saturday and i don't work i will go snowboarding!!!!   who's with me?
i want to be free
what the   facebook just barely changed before my very eyes
haha wow i'm an idiot 
just signed my life away to branbury!!
i wish my homework was asexual so it would do itself!!
"yep - it's 6am, i have work in three hours, and have yet to go to sleep   lol what a wild friday night "
farewell <propmale>  sad   another one bites the dust 
bring it on
curse you organic chemistry!!!  won't complain too much about 85%
farewell utah!!!!!  let's do this
misses being an 80 degree beach!  shouldn't have come back - leave for 3 days and byu loses and the country loses it's mind!
afraid i will punch someone if i go to my philosophy class today and listen to people worship obama
i can't believe it - no joke an old man driving like a slow drunk with an oxygen tank flipped me off as i passed him!!!!  are you kidding me?
need to decide very soon whether or not to transfer to byu
randomly thinking of running a half marathon
are you serious?  what is with uvu giving the last test at 4 on sat   when some people can only take tests certain days and actually work? i swear these freaking idiots plan college crap for people who just go to school  and don't have to work!!!!!  now i'm screwed
2am so freaking done with chemistry - die now
linkin park rocks   period 
i have officially concluded that everyone has an identical evil twin at uvu   it's been right too many times to ignore!!!
mozambique here i come!!!!
just made over 100 dollars in 6 hours! bwahahaha!
haha what better day to spend all my waking moments working on my research paper than my birthday?
"22 years ago, something amazing happened - me    thanks everyone so much for a great birthday!!!  you will be rewarded in heaven!!!!"
have no choice   i work too much this weekend and now have to take a test i am so not prepared for 
is a recent addict to <propfirst> mayer
better to die like a tiger than live like a pussy
as of today i officially have my associates in science and am free!!!!
the way i see it paying tithing is like paying rent on your body
noooooo!!!!!
going to styx foreigner kansas concert!!!!
gone to arizona for 4 days - which means something incredibly exciting and important will certainly happen while i'm gone - later people!!!
it's currently freaking impossible for me to sleep - solution:  running at 1am!
failure
signing up for mapleton moonlight half-marathon!!
7 78 <propmale> in 63:48 - got some work to do
sundays are long
headed back to san <propmale> for a week in august!!!
430am and for some reason sleep and i are not friends tonight
fell asleep in my clothes for 11 hours and woke up not knowing where i was hahaha
running the 180 mile red rock relay in september!!!!
please does anyone want to buy a cheap laptop? i need to get rid of mine
moving out all weekend and working almost 22 hours in 2 days is not my idea of fun
just got to san <propmale> -  here til sunday!!
back in utah   dangit 
desperation has forced me to run 9 <propmale> at 1am
so it begins 
half marathon tonight!!!
"ran my half marathon in 1 hour, 24 minutes!!!!!"
i get to <propfemale> out with my mom this thursday!  smile 
curse you anatomy!  curse you!!
rockin' the red rock this weekend!!!
back from southern utah - that was the freaking bomb!!
will soon be getting to the point where i spend more time with dead people than the living
my weekend is doomed
wants his life back!
has resorted to going to school early and hitting the same class twice so i know what the freak is going on!!!!!  wake me up when december ends!!!!
college was so freaking designed for people who don't have to work 35+ hours a week or whose parents pay for bloody everything!
calm before the storm
"as a proud byu fan, i feel it my duty to proclaim that jimmer fredette is an overrated moron"
just went through another round of friend deletion on facebook and has officially deleted over 300 friends!!!! hahahaha
december 15th is the day of my freedom 
