47fb64a97ba607dbd89bc5f18ec35b54
"well, i was feeling a little depressed and now i'm not, but it'll just go back and forth"
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
cool you can facebook on the 360 and twitter!
if anyone can see this post an 'x' in the news so that i can post  the 360 is wierd like that 
i'll just play bfbc2 now
yeah
"reply please\\uhh    does anyone know how to fix the face book spamming?\\    everytime someone posts something or sends a message i get e-mailed \    and so far i get 30 e-mails hour"
"please reply\\how do i stop facebook e-mail spamming  everytime someone sends me a message or accept a request, etc  i get e-mailed  so far i get 30-email hour "
blababa
ohhhh yeaahh thanks to mendel i remembered today is my birthday 
t_t
happy birthday to me t_t
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
dlseixc plopee can siltl raed tihs wlel
"today you can feel sad, tomorrow you can feel even more sad, but if you go all the way to the end you can get over it  afterwards the only thing to do is become more happy "
i'll just poke everyone
woohoo 1 smile 0 am for 10 nights in a row yeah!!!
ahhh everyone or almost everyone poked back
woohoo 2 smile 0am!!!
ahh everyone poked back again
wtf? you can change you gender on fb really easy at any time
whose still on?
"why everyone stay on late, does parents yell at you?"
how late does everyone stay up to now?
"pleazzz answer, does everyone here go only on facebook or do you go to other social networks as often"
yea!! 2 surprise 5am again     for the 2nd week in a row
holy crap who stays on this late? at 2:45am!?
yeah  smile  can't sleep
omg i yawned
finally sleepy at 3:15am
good night
bleh
"i want to post a real picture on my profile and i was wonder what should it be?\the following annoyed \-just me\-my suit (+tilted fedora)\-military uniform\-me with my pet <propfemale> in my head\-or other\and it can't be something stupid - -"
"were gonna die die die die die die die hard, mother f@#ker"
"> > hey everybody i'm just here doing nothing 4 the rest of the summer  so if anyone going somewhere close with a bunch of friends, don't be afraid to invite me, i most likely be able to go "
only 1 4 of my poke opponents still fighting
"wow, who's still awake @3"
"i have the patiences of a rock!!! \\   (until the rock gets bored and decides to move)"
nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom
"if you're brave, copy this into your status and see what people rateyou: (1) crazy (2) i'd marry you (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5)lovable (6) awesome (7) moody ( smile  dumb (9) great friend (10) mouthy (11) random (12) hot (13) funny (14) amazing (15)beautiful (16) cute (17) rude (1 smile  fake"
yea pulled and all nighter
its funny to open the microwave and found out that u were cooking something 5 hours ago
"here is a scenario: \  if you and a friend committed a crime an if you both accuse each other, both gets 10 years  if both says nothing, then both gets 5 years  if one accuses and the other stays silent, then the accused gets 15 years and the non accused gets 3 years  what would you do?"
if the closest person you knew told you that you are a useless piece of crap and that you would be doing the world a favor if you killed yourself because no ones needs you  what would you do?
"who's bored, anyone want to <propfemale> out?"
"nothing like the \ur mom\"" comment after an insult reply"""
weeeeeee (spins around in office chair wink 
ok i'm done
"if i helped it was planned, if i hurt it was unintentional "
just got my ap scores
those people who lives in their mom's basement and do nothing but play games all day  does anyone knows what happens to them  because such an isolated life seems    wasted 
"eureka i got it!!! i know, i'll just give up!"
cause you are a pirate!
i'm gonna go to sleep noa
don't you hate how fb in messenger you have to scroll down sometimes when someone said something otherwise you can't tell they said something
"(>\)> <(\""<)"""
ha no one is awake but me
well its day again
"to the people with 500+ friends, doesn't the news feed gets constantly spammed?"
"sometimes i have too much influence over people, which sometimes i want to avoid "
"no more oil spill, yey "
i was going to mess everyone's mind with a music video i saw but i'm a good person
"if you were dying now, who would you want to see before you died?"
bleh
question: what will roller coasters be like in 60 years?
its like 2am
"don't you hate it when your parents are constantly over your shoulder and you are about to snap and say go away until they say \i love you\"" then leave then you feel bad """
the ironic thing is that there is no justice in law 
today was a waste of day light to me 
boom de ah da
"dammit!!! i cannot for the love of anything can i find \greensleeves\"" with good vocals and music and it is pissing me off  if anyone can find an original or either a mixed version i'd appreciate it """
poke
"auhhhhhhh     schools starts on the 25th, auhhhhh   "
after a while of poke wars you forget the meaning of them    its like you click on all of them and feel nothing anymore 
rawr
i've always wondered why there is a like button but no dislike button on fb
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 sad 
 smile 
i don't want to set the world on fire   
 smile 
 sad 
 indecision 
"poa\tay\toe"
"i r  sad \because and school over is summer starting is the, \but again friends i happy see am my to"
friday the 13th!
adventuuure
3:
school shopping  smile 
"needs you to do something annoyed if you can read this get windows live if u don't have one!!!\also if u do have 1 message me "
"see this is why i wanted everyone to have windows live cause i can use my xbox to im all messenger but aim because aim doesn't use e-mail, also if anyone wants to add me its htd_sithlord@yahoo com, works for any messenger gmail,yahoo,windows live, etc "
quit leaving the chat  annoyed 
"urg, how can i remember all your names if it is common then only reason you can remember mine is cause mines not "
we are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction                                                                   -general <propmale> macarthur
don't you hate it when you forget to smile for a couple of days and when you do you rip your mouth and it starts bleeding 
1   
"hahahaha,  sad  no late nights todays"
apparently everyone who had school today are still on 
i remembered when people used to say that the world will end when we get a black president  well ironically obama's term ends in 2012 
"the duck goes: \quack\""\",47fb64a97ba607dbd89bc5f18ec35b54,"2 hours until reach, #@$!ing east coast got it an hour ago "
i dislike my history
yay finished bio lab
imzooooboredsome1bothermeorspammewithsomething!
 smile 
i     
i feel that i have thermal shock and now suffering from short bursts of seizures and now concerned about well being 
 troubled  i feel sick
 playful  i feel like i'm going to barf or implode or something
i swear to drunk i'm not god!!1
thats funny people said it would cool down!!!
what the hell is with the last 3 post i seen about a double rainbow?
"never mind i see the fuckin huge double rainbow, i just went out side, i mean its huge i think that i can see the gold pot from 30feet away "
"what the fuck medal of honor banned in san <propmale> cause taliban kill u s  soldiers in the game  what the fuck about fucking call of duty, or black hawk down why didn't they banned that!?!? > surprise "
1! 2!   3!     4        5        6 7 8 9 sighs*
price ali-aliasad-aliabobuar
anyone here taking ap chem with data from their titration cause a douche bag indian named fiesta ruined our data i need new ones 
when in doubt bs it 
6 surprise 0pm
"wait i don't get it what does everyone like it where?\i hate when people keep things from me "
ah! does anyone one know if there is a senior meeting tomorrow in the morning? please answer back if you know anything about it 
did anyone else get a 1 2 second blackout?
"take that ap bio, i finished the guides and reviews, diagrams and back of book questions and if i dont get an a i am seriously going to <propfemale> myself "
dx
building happiness is harder than building houses 
 sad 
t_t
there's nothing to do today!!! > surprise  going insane!!!
i guess nothing matters in the end 
everyone needs help
"don't waste your days you only get 30,000 of them  thats not a lot "
dur e <propfemale> ul wanka
i think i'm being stalked   
holy f*** the airline pass thing is a spam machine
no dont do it it is a fake im pretty sure
"so i was bored at the library do community service and a random pick up line just poped in my head while i was there: \if you were a lost book at the library i would check you out under fantasy\"" -thats no me speaking   """
"oops should've have procrastinated bio, how long could it be?     \5 hours later   \that wasn't that hard and its time to sleep too     crap chem!"
anyone taking civics now and doing current events with newspapers?
the best cure for a song stuck in the head is to listen to a series of music that you have never heard before  preferably that series be of the same genre 
is either the dumbest smart person or the smartest dumb person 
anyone wanna mass trick or treat tomorrow?
???? ??? ??? ????? ??? ??? ?????  ??? ??? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ?? ??????? ????????
i realized when you play a game for fun is sucks but when you play to win its fun 
whats more important moving a 1600 on sat to a 1900 or a math ii of 550 to a 680? importance* not value in percentage wise 
 sad 
does anyone know where i can find a copy of my transcript? like now or online today?
after dec 4 i will no longer care
fee wavier saved me $460 on apps
yea stayup at midnight when im not supposed to
"ch-ch-ch-chia presidents, obama has a green afro"
1   
"i need current events, anyone have newspapers from november and december!? d:"
 smile 
if you've read this like this status
does anyone know what is being rebelled in egypt right now?
 confidential  gonna barf
i can't taste anything  sad 
i'm bored anyone else bored?
why cant cellphones and laptops be upgradeable like computers?
the world's top programmers are american and indian
forgot about this
