7a5019490b53212ef49a36e70cb682a6
getting organized!  i love it when a plan comes together 
last minute details before i travel to atlanta   training to be better than i am today   i love a challenge and accounting can definitely be challenging 
"resting a bit after dinner   catching up on emails   now i have some reading to do for my class tomorrow   then i will call it a night   night, everyone!"
off to the zoo today with the fam 
happy fathers day to those special men who mold and teach our children 
going home to play with the kids 
it is <propfemale>'s 3rd birthday today   i can't believe my little girl is getting so big and smart   we have to watch her like a hawk   happy birthday <propfemale>!
"relaxing and playing with my children   they are so sweet, smart and fun   they truly are a blessing   i love you berto & <propfemale>!"
now i really have to study!
"is saying prayers with the kids, putting them to bed and then it is study time "
having some success with my diet   but loosing my will power due to the stress of cpa exam   july 27th is coming all too soon 
"far exam was tough, we will see how i did in a couple of months   focusing on reg exam now - 4 weeks and counting   study, study, study    "
"enjoying my morning with the kids, pancakes are on the menu!"
reminder so self: anything worth having takes hard work and dedication to achieve 
"berto's first day of school today   immaculate <propfemale> downtown <propfemale>   the teacher said he was a little restless   he will learn, i know "
i am headed home to help berto with his homework   he can get so distracted   i guess that is what it is like being 5   anyone remember?
finished regulation section of cpa exam today   i feel pretty good about this one   grades do not come out until november 
helping berto with his homework   he has improved so much - i am proud of my little man 
"arts in the heart yesterday!  we had fun, my kids monopolized the monkey <propfirst>'s bouncy toys   we caught summer in her show   great showsummer <propfirst> finley <propfemale> !"
"berto has been sick the past couple of days   fever is reduced today, i think he will be just fine   now, to wait for <propfemale> to catch it!"
i have been spending lots of time with my family   it has been good   i hope they got their fix before busy season 
is grateful to <propmale> for making a wonderful 'grand slam' breakfast this morning 
happy thanksgiving all!  i hope everyone has a blessed holiday with family and friends   i am thankful for my husband who loves and supports me in everything i do   thanks <propmale> 
"reading library books with the kids today   i learned alot about clown fish, like there is one called a skunk clown fish (it has a white stripe down it's back) "
is basking in the joy of motherhood 
"i had the best birthday this year, my brother with 5 boys, was blessed with a little girl on april 7th!  i am so lucky to share my birthday with my niece, <propfemale> balducci "
"is tackling the cpa exam, again "
"immaculate <propfemale> holding it's annual banquet tonight, volunteering as a waitress, oops 'server'   it's been years, hope i don't mess up!"
going shopping to wind down and relax 
tricking my brain into thinking its not morning 
water baloon fight!!!!
is trying to get rid of this head ache  sad 
"study, study, study        "
"really enjoying my time off and spending time with <propmale>, berto and <propfemale> "
had such a great time at sme annual retreat   congrats to the red team for winning the quadathon!
<propfemale> named her feet: pika and pachika   then she had a puppet show with them 
playing video games with the kids   never thought i would be a gamer   the things you do for your kids!
"tired, can't sleep, what's up with that?  gotta at least lay my head down      zzzzz"
what an emotional day!  the lows are what make the highs so good 
kids are enjoying grandma's visit from alaska 
