2c70380bf5da87f192d30b4e5dbed08d
i'll be fiddling with hibernia station from 3-4 pm on saturday at paddy malone's  drop by and see us play!
"loved playing for around the world in 80 days  wish i could've had a little more time to prepare, but it worked out well  and i'm glad i had a small part in such a great production "
life: a continuous and increasingly difficult struggle against the instinct of self-destruction 
"i wrote three-fourths of a long poem on good friday       was too busy on saturday to finish it       now it's the easter season and i'm in a totally different mood - blast! i probably won't be able to get the thing done till next triduum, unless i decide to enter a monastary do something similarly life changing "
conversation with a sibling who shall go unnamed: q  'how do you manage to remain so generally affable?' a  'by carefully cultivating a sincere dislike of absolutely everybody i know '
"snobbery is the forgetfulness of ones' own dignity in the contemplation of someone (or something) elses'  it is one of the most harmless of vices, and therefore one of the most ridiculous "
"the sky is a well of forgetfulness,"
idleness is the most indispensible of vices 
"like any act of god, the human race is an event of incredible power, beauty, and destructive potential "
just read 'the seven who were hanged' (<propfirst> andreyev) 
nothing annoys me more than religious people who use their beliefs as a kind of safeguard for avoiding the hard questions of life 
"does anybody know where i can get a recording of <propfirst> <propmale>'s \at the last day\""? (the contemporary a capella choral motet)  i just heard it and was totally blown away!! it was like an encounter with the divine feminine   """
"thanks to all who helped make last night's contra dance a blast to play at! especially our faithful organizers, the wonderful halls, and <propfemale> edwards who treated us all with her considerable fiddling prowess!"
just finished <propmale> marner and the lifted veil  my opinion of <propfirst> eliot has been augmented considerably 
keep hibernia station in your thoughts: we are recording a cd tomorrow! i am so officially pumped!
"travelled to nashville reading wodehouse aloud,"
"been reading through the journals i've kept on and off over the past 4 years  can't help thinking: \were my highschool years really so excruciatingly boring??\"" sad truth: the only thing these 300+ closely typed pages has taught me is that my life is much duller than i think it is   \",2c70380bf5da87f192d30b4e5dbed0 laugh ,"just received a refreshing, encouraging, and entertaining letter  as my friend does not have facebook, i may say publicly without fear of offending her humility: <propfemale> voissem you are awesome! i'm sure all my mutual friends will agree! ! !"
"haven't had time to update recently, but for all those who are worried, i'm doing great  ud is awesome (now that school's actually begun)  my professors mostly seem likable, and some of my classmates seem extremely intelligent and engaged in the search for truth "
"come tonight to the piano room in <propfemale> dorm for a live reading of book 3 of the iliad, accompanied by dramatic original piano music! begins at 8 smile 0 "
last nights' iliad reading was a great success! all who wish to continue with an epic recitation of books 5 and possibly 6 (with live music) ought to meet at the same place and time tonight!
"hey i've finally got a phone! which is nice or something i guess??? 573 418 9027  will all my beautiful friends call me and tell me you love me? or just pm me your <propfirst>, if you'd rather  if you don't, i'll cry "
woohoo! <propfirst> cardinal newman officially beatified! (none too soon!)
good to have another late-night classical music marathon     past few months i've been on an increasingly unsteady musical diet of alt rock and metal in a subconcious attempt to increase my coolness level (who exactly am i trying to fool with this?) 
"my proposed compromise theory, seven-day evolutionism (the hypothesis that all life on this planet evolved to its present state in a darwinian process spanning seven twenty-four hour periods) was received badly by both the scientific community and my creationist friends "
"i really need to stop forgetting to eat dinner       the dizzy, ravenous hunger that occurs when i wake up and realize brunch doesn't start till 11 was rad at first, but it gets old fast "
new composer i've found: <propfirst> finzi  an english pastoralist quite a bit like vaughan <propmale> but somewhat more nostolgic and reserved  his romance for string orchestra is highly reccommended 
"repression occurs when i conciously repress the command of an impulse that, rises from the shadow-self to the ego  when i feel the urge to steal mr  galbraith's shirt, because it's a nice shirt, i repress this primal urge either from motives of conscience - i know that stealing is wrong - or from motives of fear - i know that mr  galbraith will beat me to a pulp if i try to steal his shirt "
without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously  -gkc
"just woke up from a dream about dream interpretation  clever one, subconcious "
i love getting on facebook and seeing everybody going nuts about bannerweb    is that sadistic?
"my challenge: somehow to provide a pithy, pleasant, and unique response to each of the birthday wishes about to flood my wall  can i do it?"
"why have i not realized before that an elevator is the best place to play the piano?\\on a related note, why is none of my finals studying done?  annoyed "
"anyone flying out next thursday? i need a ride to the airport  if you are someone who can drop me off there, or you know someone who can drop me off there, let me know asap "
"ok, i've been complimented several times this semester on the fact that i am perfectly normal, despite my homeschooled background  i am unsure whether or not to be happy about this  it shows i'm evidently not creeping people out (a good thing), but have i perhaps lost something in the process? what do my home educated friends think? do you ever get 'oh god, your so normal!' comments, and how do you react?"
"is home and thanks the gods for his membership in a family of exceptional intelligence and almost effortless amiability  \also, congrats to <propfirst> galbraith for receiving this a m  from the university of missouri his degree, magna cum laude, in classics and philosophy!"
"my christmas holiday: snow, cold in the head, hot tea, pine needles, mornings in bed, tristram shandy, music composition, calculus, slippers, steaming baths, raucous siblings, family drama, sleep, cookie-stealing, real food, sarcasm, sleeplessness, meditation, actually watching entire movies in one sitting, latin puns, logic (and lack thereof), eggnog, christmas <propfirst>, superciliousness, slow days, <propfemale> bare forests "
if anyone was wondering what to get me for christmas    a purple paisley bathrobe would make me eternally grateful 
playing devil's advocate in family discussions of controversial issues can lead to       awkward situations 
"do any collegium folks want midi recordings of any of their parts for the new music, to help learn? let me know and i can provide  i have christus factus est, tristis est anima mea, and o sacred head  i can probably work up anything else if necessary "
there will be contra dancing in <propmale> city at sellinger center this sunday at 2 pm  come to dance and hear hibernia station  play some great tunes!
congrats to all my ud friends who made the <propfirst>'s list! i'd like to tag you all here but i can't because way too many of my friends are so frickin' smart!
would anyone be able to pick me up from the dfw airport on sunday evening? i arrive around 3 smile 0 or so  help would be much appreciated 
"our library has a terrible lack of comfy chairs in secluded places  those severe desks are inappropriate for anything but serious study, and who could e playful ect me to study seriously with forests of lovely books just a few steps away from my greedy fingers?"
epic <propmale> reading tonight in <propfemale>! 8 smile 0: be there! original piano improv!
"my phone has gone missing (temporarily, i hope), so if you need to talk to me do it in person if you can  otherwise email or fb me and i'll get back to you!"
"hey collegium folks - i'll be practicing collegium music with all those willing, today and tomorrow  probably around 7 smile 0 or anytime after  if you want, give me a call and let me know the best time for you  we'll probably be focusing on the quartet music "
"can i beg or bribe anyone to get me to dfw airport this thursday? i need to be there by 11, but i'd be happy to go earlier if that fits someones' schedule "
"if anyone wants to practice collegium this afternoon, a group of us will be meeting in haggar at 5  <propfemale> ziolkowski <propfemale> lafond <propmale> webster caeli <propfirst> <propfirst> seitz <propfemale> spearman spread the word!"
"so i forgot to turn off the heat last night when i went to bed    as a consequence, i woke up two hours later with a raging fever and spent two hours hallucinating that i was being mortally pursued by a malevolent, gangster-run hip-hop record label   "
"i thought of writing a nasty, passive-aggressive post about how sick and lonely i feel, but then i decided to spare all of my friends' feelings, so i didn't "
"to all in <propmale> and eth with prof mirus: i'm trying to put together a study session for the midterm at 7 pm tuesday  tentatively, i'm planning to meet in <propfemale> basement  let me know if you're interested "
paradise lost makes more sense when you realize that <propmale> wasn't in any real sense a christian at all 
is there anyone in the <propfirst> area able to pick me up from dfw and offer me a place to sleep saturday night?
a tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion 
"from what i heard tonight at collegium rehearsal, i think we could all use some extra practice  i'm available tuesday evening, wednesday after 10, and thursday after 8 smile 0 if anyone feels like a small-group practice <propfirst> seitz <propfirst> bellet <propfemale> lafond caeli <propfirst> <propfemale> spearman <propmale> webster "
wants to write a musical 
anyone interested in going to see <propmale> godunov (mussorgsky opera) this weekend or sometime next week?
