28358aee743bab212eb14c9f1ab36242
"hope everyone has a super awesome and super safe new years happy time!! i wish everyone a fabulous 2010, especially to my parents who i am so sad to say are moving to ft lauderdale  i love you both so much and will miss you like crazy  it's so sad to think i won't be able to see you when i want now   "
this is so strange    it's like one super long conversation   
i'll be havin this baby wednesday    hoping for a quick delivery!! i'm so nervous!
i appreciate all the support from family and friends  i'm starting to feel less nervous and more excited to meet my little <propfemale> bean!
tomorrow i become a mommy   smile 
becoming a mom is the most amazing feeling in the whole world  i feel so blessed  my little girl is amazing  we are both healthy and doing perfectly  i can't wait to share every moment with her  thank you so much to our family and friends for being there for us  i love you!!!
has the bestest baby girl in the whole world!!!
it is almost 4 p m  and i just woke up  fi wasnt wanting to sleep anywhere but in my arms last night  thank god i have a great husband who let me sleep from 8 smile 0 a m  to now! the only poopy thing is the day is almost gone! i wanted to go for a walk with <propfemale> and <propfirst>    might still though 
"is sad that this is <propfirst>'s last day of not working  what the hell am i going to do? thank god for my parents!!! aunt <propfemale> and grandma, come over whenever!"
"got a little bit of sleep last night  <propfemale> is still sleeping so i am going to try and join her before she gets up  seriously, this is tough!!! i'm exhausted like all the time!"
actually got some sleep!! it's 11:20 a m  and i'm not completely dead to the world!! i might be able to shower and go on that walk! or maybe i'll just relax instead     smile 
"the rommels (the band <propfirst> is in) is playing out at the ocean club bar this weekend on saturday sept  5th, my birthday!! so if anyone has plans at the beach you should come by to check them out and wish me a happy birthday and if you dont have any plans this weekend now you do!!!  hope to see all my buddies there!"
"the rommels (the band <propfirst> is in) is playing out at the ocean club bar tonight, my birthday!! so if anyone has plans at the beach you should come by to check them out and wish me a happy birthday and if you dont have any plans tonight now you do!!! hope to see all my buddies there!"
had a great night last night and i want to say thanks to everyone who made it out last night!! it was a blast!!! and thanks to my husband for embarrassing the crap out of me!  smile 
is exhausted  i think fi has colic  she wrenches her back and cries forever  mostly in the morning though and right before bed  ouy!
oh stress     i need to manage mine better 
oh boy   
bah bah!!! this is the sound of settling bah bah!!! bah bah!!! i've got a hunger    twisting my stomach into knots   
i love this baby girl!! and i love my family so much and appreciate you all watching her! i couldn't be more lucky!!!
is totally over it   
is tired    all the time  but she sleeps for like six hours at a time! you'd think i wouldnt be so exhausted! i need my ten though  ha! that'll happen again     in 20 years!!!
had a great anniversary and is lovin' hanging out with my uncle <propfirst> and cousin <propfemale>!!!
sunday is moving day! we need help!! beer and pizza is the thank you!!! pleeeease!!!
the move went great! thanks so much to great family and friends!!!
measure me in metered lines and one decisive stare the time it takes to get from here to there rely a bit too heavily on alcohol and irony get clobbered on by courtesy in love with love and lousy poetry and i'm leaning on this broken fence between past and present tense and i'm losing all those stupid games that i swore i'd never play but it feels okay and i'm leaving with goodbye-some lyrics
enjoying a day with the munchkin  she's the best! i'm just crazy about her!
"had breakfast with the fam this mornin'  blueberry crepes, turkey sausage and grands cinnamon buns! i don't cook healthy breakfasts on sundays haha can you tell? the baby is sleeping and i'm doin laundry and cleaning! and of course, <propfirst> is watching football "
oh work    at least it is a short week!!
had a great thanksgiving with our families  i am so thankful for such great family and friends!!! hope everyone had a good thanksgiving too!!!
happiness is not a broken rice cooker  i cook rice 3 or 4 times a week! bah!
"i sent out thingys for <propfirst>'s (the husband) band! check 'em out!! they're really good, of course i'm totally biased though   wink "
"had a great sunday morning breakfast with the fam! then a great day with my awesome hubby and baby girl! i'm diggin the whole family thing, it gives me the warm fuzzies like all the time!  smile "
thanks to all my friends and familly for checking out <propfirst>'s band  glad so many enjoy it!!!
going to make an appointment with the gastrointestinal specialist for my hiatal hernia tomorrow  awesome   
"all the christmas cookies are made! from scratch even! i know, i'm <propfemale> crocker  if you want some buckeyes let me know, i made 140 of them! anyway <propfemale> christmas to everyone!!! xoxo"
exhausted   
i am going grocery shopping    braving this crazy winter weather!! it's like fifty something!!! burrr!
"i have the coolest aunt in the world! her and her hubby are giving us a printer so i can print out awesome coupons to save buckets of money! literally, buckets!!!  wink "
"procedure at the hospital tomorrow morning for me (then schedule surgery), <propfemale>'s ultrasound for heart murmer on wednesday, parents moving 5 hours away on wednesday or thursday  i don't usually use facebook as an outlet but i'm totally stressed out "
"<propfemale>'s test, though incredibley stressful, was great  she has a good strong heart! thanks to grandma for comin with!!"
i'm so sad  mom and dad are moving saturday   
beige
what a stressful day    getting better now though   
ugh 
"laid off    unemployment done, wic appointment tomorrow, on the phone with medicaid now  i am officially a casualty of the economy "
things are on the up and up!
i'm going to be a college girl! yaaay!!! school again!
i am going to e playful lode  someone call merrymaids so my husband doesn't have to clean up the mess  (904) 302-9255
had so much fun last night!! it was a really great show!! thanks <propfirst> for watching the munchkin!!  smile 
enjoying the day with <propfemale>  smile  she's my little angel
baby girls fever is now at 101 3    poor baby  we'll be at the pediatricians office as soon as they open tomorrow   sad 
"so talked to the doctors office, her fever is down to 100 2- 3 so the nurse said to watch it today and if it is still high tomorrow morning to bring her in but otherwise she is just getting over a bad cold  on the up and up! (hopefully!)"
just checked baby girls temp  98 3!!! we're out of fever city!! woohoo!! and she is definately doing better  she is playing in her exersaucer and screaming away haha i have never been so glad to hear that!
"good day  beautiful weather  me and <propfemale> went for a walk and now she is down trying to fall asleep  (in other words, crying which i am about to address now) hope everyone else is having a great day!!!"
thanks much for all the comments on <propfemale>'s photos! hope everyone is having a great day!!
"ouy, don't ever walk into heritage institute  they're nazis!!!"
it's gray and <propfemale> outside and i'm actually enjoying it!! but it isn't as entertaining as watching <propfemale> make fart noises with her mouth haha!
"got all my house cleaning done! even most of the laundry is done!! i'm so happy! tomorrow it's just me and the kid, maybe <propfemale> out with my grandparents! then if <propfirst> is feeling better, we will go party it up with the gang for glenns big b-day party!!"
"getting ready to go to aunt <propfemale>'s house and <propfemale> out with them and my grandma and grandpa!!! it's a beautiful kind of chilly day, perfect for <propfemale>ing out!! hope everyone had a great weekend!! also, my parents will be celebrating their 27th wedding anniversary this weekend so have a super fun time mom and dad!!! i love you both!!"
"i made strawberry blueberry pancakes for breakfast this morning, i must say there is no other way to eat a pancake  had <propfirst>, <propmale> <propfemale> and baby wake over for breakfast then went over to <propfirst> and <propmale>s for spaghetti & garlic bread dinner with carrot cake dessert  a good carb filled sunday  i have raging heart burn though   "
"ok, <propfirst> favre  go away!!! you can't make it!"
yaay!! baby is waking up from her nap!!!
"well, good news and bad news  my gall bladder hita scan came back and it is in fact that  surgery at the end of the week  surgery!!! i know it's a routine thing, but i'm still scared  but i know that when it is out, i will feel better  ouy   "
"alright facebookin' people, i will be in surgery tomorrow at 12:15 but have to be at the hospital at 9 a m  for blood work  wish me luck!  xoxo"
at home recovering now   everything went well   thanks very much for the well wishes!  and especially thanks to my husband for taking the time off to help me!  i love you babe!
"pain killers     mmmmmm     it is a \damn fine buzz\"" lol dad!!!"""
"chillin @ home with fi bean and <propfirst> bear still recovering  thanks to grandma and <propfemale> for coming over, hangin out and bringin me some soup and snackies!!!"
thanks to <propfirst> & <propmale> for bringing breakfast this morning! it was delicious!!! and to <propfemale> and wake for coming over! i always look forward to sunday morning breakfast! hope everyone had a super great sunday! xoxo
"doppelgänger week   during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete) you have been told you look like   "
2 a m  i'm up  it's <propfemale> outside  i'm tired 
"up now    having a good morning with my favorite husband and the cutest baby around, who still is enjoying the sound of her screeching  ouy   "
"i'm still tired    can i sleep all day and all night? nope, got stuff to accomplish today  boo to responsibilities  i'd like to be 8 again, anyone know how to swing that?"
"hubby is at band practice, <propfemale> is in bed fast asleep in baby dream land  i am relaxin  it's kinda nice that the house is so quiet  but i can't wait for <propfirst> to come home   "
does anyone know what the groundhog did?
oh please please let the tax return be in the bank tomorrow  please!!!!
"even though things are tough and stressful right now, i couldn't be happier  i have the love of my life and the most precious baby girl that remind me every day just how lucky i am  hope everyone is having a great week! happy friday tomorrow!! xoxo"
"just had the weirdest dream that everyone was eating lemon scented cleaning cloths, even my grandma and aunt <propfemale> were there!!!"
"all four of the other guppies have died in our tank, one remains and he looks kinda peaked  the danios and neons are fruitful, what the hell is wrong with these damn guppies! wussy fish   "
who dat!!!
ugh    ya know?
had fun talkin to my mama on yahoo with the web cams on!!! it is awesome how silly you can be with your mom 
"alright, i've been quizzin' it up for a while    i should go to bed again  maybe it'll work this time!! here's hopin!! night all xoxo  smile "
?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•? put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter(s) ? in the ? world ?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•?
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she has gone to be with the lord, copy and paste this with her name   kym clore  she's my bff!"
believes in the aerial spraying of marijuana  who's with me?
<propfemale> has rolled over from back to front three times now!!! the first time was two nights ago and just now twice!! wahoo!!! soon she'll be mobile!!!
"is thinking about a threesome! with her pillow, blanket and mattress  teehee goodnight all  smile "
"dear pringles, i am not a child anymore  i can't fit my arm inside your tube of deliciouness  fix that "
"monday special, two valiums with a coffee chaser!!"
"has had enough fun with status shuffle and facebook! back to the my duties of cooking, laundry, and saying 'no don't do that!'"
"wonders if her pillows are going to be as happy to see her, as she is to see them!"
it is amazing how a set of big bright eyes and a toothless smile makes the most frustrating times totally worth it 
"awesome time @ ocean club last night, the rommels are awesome! <propfirst> and i drank a little to much (of course) but was worth it!!! thanks to my mom and dad for watching <propfemale> baby so we could go!!! hope everyone is having a great weekend! oh and we got our new furniture!!! it's so awesome!!! our living room looks like grown ups live here, weird   "
well this is the time of day that i have to hold down the mattress with my body to stop it from leaving! night folks!  smile 
"is making corned beef and cabbage and a special st <propfemale> cake that includes beer in the cake part and <propfemale> cream in the icing tomorrow  i'm pretty excited about cooking this st <propfemale>s feast  if you are interested in coming, let me know!! hope everyone's st <propfemale>s is wonderful!!"
"i love everything about my life, because of the wonderful family i have  hope everyone had as awesome of a st  <propfemale>'s as i did "
don't worry  as long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88mph the instant the lightning strikes the tower    everything will be fine 
"for sale  donnies alarm clock  minor damage; worn out snooze button, fist imprints, hammer marks,  and small calibre bullet holes  best offer "
"it's midnight and i have to walk through toy valley, hike up dish hill just to try and climb to the top of mt  laundry  hopefully i will be done by the time <propfemale> wakes up and <propfirst> has to go to work!"
"'s happy mood is brought to you by <propfirst> & <propfemale>, who make her smile every day "
"when you think you have nothing just remember, as long as you have family you have everything "
"don't follow in my foot steps, i walk into walls! seriously!!"
"i really hate it when you wake up refreshed and ready to face the day, only to then discover you've only been asleep for 2 hours"
"love and life are like one big jigsaw puzzle, some days the pieces go together perfectly while other days they just don't seem to fit in place at all "
belives in treating others how you want to be treated     which is why i sexually harass my husband all the time 
"i love the smell of friday's first thing in the morning, i love it even more at 8 surprise 0 pm  when the munchkin is asleep and mommy can have a drink!  smile "
"i don't wanna grow up, cause i'm a toys r us kid    there's a million toys at toys r us that i can play with! from bikes to trains and video games, it's the biggest toy store there is! gee whiz! i don't wanna grow up, cause baby if i did i wouldn't be a toys r us kid!"
we took <propfemale> baby to see the easter <propfemale>  we had to buy all three because she is such an adorable baby!!! hope everyone has an awesome easter!!!!
is suffering from stress-induced tourettes 
"wanna say thanks so much to my dad, grandma & aunt <propfemale> for saving the night last night and watching the little munchkin so i could go to donnies show! i was in deperate need of a break for sanity and i can always count on my family!!! i love you!!"
to exhausted to think straight from coughing all night    please use small words   pictures help 
"one can't e playful ress the feeling you get while watching your munckin play and laugh then suddenly stop, face 6 shades of red and grunting  you are left overwhelmed that a smell like that could come from something so small and you have to be elbow deep in it "
i love my mom! say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today by posting this to your status! what would we ever do without our moms? you rock <propfemale>!!!
"if i stand on my tip-toes, i can see the weekend from here!"
"no matter what you do, no matter how many mistakes you make, family will always be there for you in the end"
wants <propfemale> to feel better    teething makes her so sick 
<propfemale> is getting over her very first ear infection  poor poor poor baby! she was pitiful!!!
"<propfemale> is doing much better today, but now i'm sick!! <propfirst> isn't feeling good either  ouy "
"<propfemale>'s first day at the beach today and she had a great time! we were there for three hours and she was lovin' it! took a couple pictures with my cell phone, those to be posted soon  hope everyone else had a good weekend!! thanks to my grandparents for supplying the umbrella and matts to lay on!!! made a huge difference!!"
"neighbors upstairs, though very nice in person, are the loudest people i have ever lived under!! their two dogs run back and forth like a heard of buffalo  i have had to go up there at 1 smile 0 in the morning on a weeknight because of it  i've called the office a few times but to no aval  seriously, could people try to be a little more considerate???"
alright party people it's time for a house party! <propfirst>'s 27th birthday celebration is going on saturday may 29th @ <propfemale> & <propfirst>'s house starting at 9 p m  pony keg provided  call me or <propfirst> for directions  hope to see all of our bffs!!
holler!! <propfirst>'s b-day party tomorrow night! let me know if i missed inviting anyone and you want to come out and have some drinks with us to celebrate!!
what is the animal on bings homepage?
today is <propfirst>'s b-day! happy birthday <propfemale>!! also i start school today    so nervous! and honestly bummed that i can't spend <propfirst>'s birthday night at home with him   sad 
first day of school was interesting  i'm in a class with no crazy girls with blue mohawks or gay boys    we're all relatively boring   sad  thus far anyway!! maybe there are some crazy qwirks underneathe! hahaha i can only hope i'm not the only one!!!
hahaha i did it! i made <propfirst> his cake and lit all 27 candles and took it to him in bed (he's been sleeping since i got home at 10:15)  and sang him the happy birthday song with 6 minutes of birthday day left! you have to blow out candles on your birthday!!! i'm a hardcore wife! lmao!!
"a buddhist walks up to a hotdog vendor and says, \make me one with everything\""  hahahaha"""
i am so lucky to have such a great family  my husband and munchkin are the best! my mom and dad are wonderful! my grandpa and grandma are amazing!! my aunt <propfemale> is so sweet and totally my besty!! mikey is the coolest munchkin ever!! fantastic in-laws!! could life be any better??? i don't think so  i am the luckiest person in the whole world  i love you guys so much!!!
"today: clean my house, harvest the money tree and go to a house party! <propfemale> <propfemale>!!! hope everyone has a great safe saturday!!!"
had a super fun father's day w  my husband and my dad  hope you both had a great day too! i love you both! happy day after father's day to all the daddy's out there!!
had a great day swimming @ the grandparents!! washed the new swagger wagon  that's right folks    i drive a minivan now  boom!!! whatchoo wanna say about that!! hahahaha!!!
guess who is a wakin baby!!!! <propfemale> took 4 steps yesterday and 5 already today!!! now i just have to keep her off the laptop    o9+ <--- her handy work  hahaha!!!
"i've got cleaning to do    but that requires motivation  ohhh motivation, come find me  i'm over heeeeeeeeeere!!!!"
happy independence day!! hope everyone has a great day night!! xoxo!
good night!
class went good this week! we started cutting and i am feeling really good about it! it's so much fun to learn all of this stuff  i really feel like this is the perfect field for me  hope everyone else is having a good week and hope everyone has a great weekend!!! xoxo
tomorrow night we'll be out at the ocean club because the rommels are playing!!! come on out and party with us!! have a great and safe weekend!!  smile  xoxo
there aren't enough hours in the night for me to toss and turn for a few hours and still get a good nights rest  can't i have both?
ouy   
"hey everyone, <propfemale> busted up my phone a couple days ago and i've got my old phone now but couldn't transfer the <propfirst>    so if you want me to have your number again text me with your name so i can save it!! thanks! xoxo!"
"i'm sick  sore throat, chest congestion & watery eyes  yaay  it's like sitting in my chest and it hurts so much!! big test today at school too   bleh!"
i like school    but my feet hurt 
alright    i sleep now  gotta clean my apartment and finishing planning a first birthday for next weekend!!! good night facebook friends! xoxo!
i keep waiting for my house to clean itself    so far no luck    lazy house!
watching scary shows before bed makes it hard for me to sleep  i'm so tired but    can't get passed all the craziness  i would like it very much if bad things didn't happen then it wouldn't have to freak me out when i watch it on tv 
can't wait for this weekend!!!! <propfemale>'s birthday!!! can't believe my munchkin is going to be one on thursday!!! one!!!! so crazy!!!! coolest kid ever   
omg so i sent in a picture of <propfemale> to channel 4 news because they put first birthdays on air during the seven or eight o'clock hour and i just got an email back saying they working on getting her on there!!!!! if you all could have heard the octave i hit when i opened that email!!!! i sent it in two days in advance even though the website said two weeks but i thought i would try and they might do it!!!
just waiting for the pharmaceuticals to take effect so i can sleep 
i walked in to get <propfemale> this morning and got to sing happy birthday to her on her first birthday!!! my doodle is a year old!! happy birthday to my pumpkin pie!!!
<propfemale> was on tv today!!!! they showed her and wished her a happy birthday on channel 4 at 6:50 a m ! i have it on my dvr!!! i am such a sap    they played it and i started balling    sap!!!
<propfemale> got her one year shots today and she was so brave!!! she didn't cry until the third one and only for about a minute! my brave little birthday girl!!!
is one of the luckiest mommie's and wives in the whole world for having such a wonderful munchkin and husband who i appreciate and love more than words can say  thank you so much to mom <propmale> <propfemale> <propfirst> & wakens for coming over last night and celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday birthday night!! you're wonderful!!! xoxo
it's 11 smile 0 and i just got the urge to work out  what is wrong with me?!
<propfemale> took off her pants for the first time hahahaha!! i'm in the kitchen cooking and look over and doodle has her britches half mast!!! should i just stop putting her in pajama bottoms now?!
tired but have to take out the dog    come on mully let's go poo   
is looking forward to a fun birthday weekend with family and friends! maybe a little drunken stuper is in order too   
drunken stuper accomplished  had an awesome night last night!! thank you for all the birthday wishes!!! xoxo
"birthday weekend over  a little dramatic but i successfully turned 26  it was overall a fun weekend thanks to the most amazing husband in the world  i love you for everything you do and everything you are  i thank god every day for letting me find the most amazing person i've ever met     : laugh ear reader - this is where you go  \awwww\"" or have mini convulsions from all the love hahahaha!!::"""
sigh     ouy
has gone bat nuts crazy   
is tired  going to bed in a bit  night night!!!
can't stop being tired today 
when things get rough my family is always there is to help me through it  i am one of the luckiest people in the whole world  xoxo
i watched the president today and well   i might anger my parents for this but i like him  he's logical and understanding  i'm a fan 
so i'm drying my hair but would come out and check <propfemale>'s cereal situation and refill  i noticed she was going through them more quickly than usual  i then saw in the mirror mulligan sitting right next to her and one by one she was feeding them to him so i called him and he went into the closet and sure enough right behind him <propfemale> with another puff  she walked out and two seconds later she came with another one 
is it weird that i'm afraid of today?
glad we made it through the weekend  scary scary times  scary because our apartment was so dirty!!! we're so dirty!!!
my old sunken bed beckins me  i must go to it before i get wipped  g'night 
"working out makes my body hurt so much  i know it's a good thing, but it sure doesn't feel good!!!"
soup beans and corn bread    mmmmmm!!! then a walk with <propfemale> when she wakes up in my bobo shape ups!!! check out my ass when i walk by cause it's lookin fine!!!! hahaha
no more downers!!! can't handle it!! suck it up and get happy damnit  wink 
me and the kid are walking around the apartment in our underwear  bra and diaper (you guess who's wearing what!  wink  hahaha) cause it's friggin' 80 in here! i have it set on 76 like always  what the crap??
a c fixed  still warm but cooling off slowly  i'm stuck in this apartment though  have fun for me this weekend people!
watched letters to <propfemale>    and i liked it  boom!
don't let me get sick    don't let me get sick    don't let me get sick    please don't let me get sick!!!
thank you to the black keys for traveling forward in time to lend us their earthy blues melodies  thickfreakness is my new anthem 
great weekend!!! can't believe it's over  i'm ready for the next one already!!!
had a fun night at school working in dispense not getting boxes and doing slave labor  hahaha but i have fun where ever i am!!!! <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
i'd like to go on a road trip somewhere   
"alright party people put on your happy face, it's time for the happy friday booty shake (_ _)(_l_)(_\\_)(_l_)(_ _) and again   1  2  3 (_ _)(_l_)(_\\_)"
"is off to have a threesome! with her pillow, sheets and blanket! aren't you jealous!"
"is off to examine the back of her eyelids for holes   due to the complexity of this process, i will be unavailable for around 8 hours  please leave a message  wink "
crazy week at school    now a super fun weekend!!! <propfirst>'s band the rommels @ village saloon w  destin for florida is tomorrow ya'll so come on out!!! so excited!!!!
such a fun night last night!!! (outside of the fact that the <propfirst> decided to take a trip to stink town and start having transmission problems (we think) ) but otherwise an amazing show  i am so proud of you guys!!!! thanks to my folks for watching the doodle!! great to see everyone last night  so much fun!!!
tonights game makes the last two weeks kind of worth it  hahaha
"i finally have the answer to the age old question, \who flung poo?\"" the answer: <propfemale>  all over the wall  hahaha"""
 smile 
you're all my peeps  i luff you!  wink  xoxo
cleaning your house while your child is awake is like eating oreo's and brushing your teeth at the same time    extremely difficult and a little chewy 
"i like it on the kitchen counter, on the computer desk, in the back seat of the car, on the vanity and sometimes on the recliner    wink "
having a great night with my boobey  love of my life 
i married my best friend two years ago today  happy anniversary to the love of my life  it's been the best six years of my life knowing you  you're everything i ever could have wanted and more  i love you!
"thank you so much for all the anniversary wishes!!! we had a a great day together as a family!! (outside of my having to go to school, that was poopy)"
hi everyone!!! our laptop is out of commission currently so i won't be on as much  dunno when it will be fixed  (on now at my mother-in-laws) hope everyone is doing great!! xoxo
missin facebook!! well missing a computer in general  thanks <propfemale> for letting me facebook for a sec!
spending time at home with  my family    i'm so happy!!!!
had a super fun night at <propfemale>'s playing scrabble grammie!!! just wish this daggum cough would get outta here!!! i'm done sounding like i have emphazyma!!
i would like very much if i could stop being sick and if <propfemale> would stop having a temp  but i am excited about my <propfemale> coming over!!!
thanks so much to <propfirst>  <propfemale> & <propfemale> for my super fantabulous hair!!! i freakin love it!!!!
"\but i am <propfemale> tired\"" jenniva knows what i'm sayin     wink  miss you lady """
ok    4 hours of sleep    i am tired  hoping for nap time soon!!! i just couldn't sleep last night!!
i am honestly i little jealous of my northern friends! you get a day off and get to enjoy a day in the snow!!! i have to <propfemale> out in poopy ol' 60 degree weather down here    so boring  wink 
going to be @ artwalk tonight from 4 smile 0 to 8 so come see me at the <propfirst> <propfirst> booth    don't know exactly where it will be haha but if you find us yaay!!
why can't my body want to sleep at night? i mean really?! is there an off button you guys arent telling me about here?
