d007a2a659630c7aee89a1184102e493
why does it feel like its not working?
just need a good nights sleep then maybe i can finally figure you out 
its saturday lets party! smile 
going running running running wif savannah!!! smile 
feels like dancing crazily!
i hate thinking annoyed 
hell yeah!
"worst day ever  phones completely broken, thanks dad "
never knowing whats gonna hit you next but just be ready to take it on so it doesnt bring you down 
really needs to learn how to stop procrastinating 
apples and peanut butter  smile  yum
going running  smile 
you ask me why im smiling as i stare down at our hands and i just have to smile bigger because its just so perfect  smile 
wishes the day would just end already 
is in the best mood ever! smile 
got a new phone number for now  check it out  smile 
just ran 15 <propmale> wif my bro  smile 
feels like a lil kid again  smile 
getting lied to and knowing it    its the worst feeling in the world 
"all i ever wanted, was to see you smiling, all i ever wanted, was to make you mine i know that i love you, oh, baby why don't you see, that all i ever wanted, was you and me?  smile "
really hates it when people think they are helping you but all they are doing is getting in your way! ugh!
cause for some reason when im around you i cant stop smiling  smile 
 smile 
wow   
putting on a smile and acting like everythings okay won't get you anywhere 
"you make me happy, whether you know it or not we should be happy, that's what i said from the start i am so happy  knowin' you are the one that i want for the rest of my days for the rest of my days"
good day  smile 
either wants to be a lil kid again or grow up these teenage years are a mess 
this is ridiculous 
awesome 
"what can i say, he knows how to make a girl smile  smile "
what a day  :
"really hates when people don't think before they act, then think sorry is gonna make it all better "
p s  i hate you 
do you ever get the urge to    nevermind thats mean 
do you ever have those days where you just don't wanna wear clothes??
passion is sour skittles 
hopes everything is okay   :
can't stop smiling smile 
"'im such a genius, i should like make rockets or something '"
ugh 
 smile 
telling me not to get distracted is like telling a suicidal maniac not to jump  smile 
hammock plus an amazing boy equals uber  happiness smile 
"so the soccer game sucked, but the drive home made it all better  smile "
falling asleep with a smile on her face cause she cant stop thinking bout you smile 
"is happy, its as simple as that   smile "
soccer game!  smile 
its gonna be a long night  :
is it friday night yet?? smile 
storms  smile 
phones not working  :
is super duper happy cause of you1 smile 
its a good day  smile 
juss shut up and smile  smile 
"words can help or words can hurt, be careful how you use and say them because once you do you cannot take them back "
procrastination plus easily distracted plus your best friend     smile  its gonna be a lonnngggg night!
 smile 
hadda interesting day to say the least 
<propfemale> <propfemale> and i are sitting on her bed and we should be doing our humongous english project but as always were distracted and to add on to it were procrastinating cause its due morrow  group work is da best!  smile 
its pretty awesome when you've been telling someone to leave you alone and they finnally do 
people erk me 
is in love with techno music 
"watched toystory and veggie tales,jumped on a trampoline,drew with sidewalk chaulk,played with a hampster named chip,played hide-and-go seek,fought over who was the alien and who was the astronaut,drank chocolate milk,played with transformer action figures,laughed till we cried,pissed off a pizza guy,and played on a swing-set  its what happens when you baby-sit 2 lil boys for 9 hours with your best friend smile "
its been one of those days 
popsicles are delicious  smile 
 smile 
i juss got in trouble for wearing a newspaper pirate hat in the hallway   smile 
you make me smile a whole lot smile 
bike ride  smile 
"mud and puddles and bikes and your best friend now super <propfirst> on the old school nintendo, its a goood day smile "
 love  somehow you always manage to make me happy no matter what type of awful mood i'm in  smile 
it was a good day  smile  thank you <propfemale> and cody smile 
"life has hard points in it and always will, sometimes it feels like they all happen at once and things will never get better, but you gotta look at the happy points in your life and figure out how you got to those points and how you stayed there and eventually things will get back to those happy points and youll forget what you juss went through till it all happens again  its one big lovely cycle "
 smile 
new temporary  number phones messed up  : 5017642119
he makes me super happy  smile  smile  smile 
you're all and everything plus some more that i could ever ask for  smile 
"you don't realize how disgusting, werid, and mean conway is until you go on a run and get creeped on by every dude thats 4 times your age, see 3 chickens in the front yard of a house, and get glares from every chick that drives past you "
"if i could reach up and hold a <propfemale> for every time you've made me smile, the entire night sky would be in the palm of my hand  smile "
parked in the parking lot of your heart  love 
"\i could never stay mad at you\"" actually means \""cross me & i will drop you like an at&t call \"""""
 smile 
we can run and swing and jump and feel free laugh till we pee and smile as big as the sea!  smile 
\be who you are and say what you feel\,d007a2a659630c7aee89a1184102e493,"dear writing essays,\i hate you  especially on such a gorgeous day like today "
"i miss the good old days the days where you just didnt care one bit and your only worry was to get the highest swing on the swingset before anybody else did, the days where you thought everybody you saw was your friend and you were never hurt by untrustworthy people because nobody was, the days were you could run and play and never get tired  i dont wanna grow up "
sometimes all you need is a gaint hug from your best friend to make it all better smile 
is it may 21st yet?
wonders
soccer time!
"when everything looks black and angry like the dark night sky stripped of the <propfemale>s, theres always that one <propfemale> that brightens the night"
"good judgment comes from e playful erience, and often e playful erience comes from bad judgment  \-<propfemale> <propfemale> brown"
\i don't use drugs," my dreams are frightening enough \"" \"d007a2a659630c7aee89a1184102e493,"never go to bed mad  stay up and fight  \-<propfemale> diller"
"i like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells  fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope  which is what i do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities \-theodor geisel"
"\life is too serious to be taken seriously\"""""
is about to have some seriously dirty fun! running the mud run with my bro smile 
"six months with the same person especially  a person like <propfirst> talley, dang that takes skill! but i would be lying if i was serious, he is the best thing that has happened to me smile   love "
a soccer game against 13 year old boys? this is gonna be interesting
on my way to lyon college!
 smile  happiness  love 
"today has been kinda like a punch in the face, its really sucked "
well crap
"dear black friday\your the death of me"
sometimes i honestly want to punch you in the face
naps are seriously one of the best things ever
lightning bolt gauges that glow in the dark!?
spring cleaning in december? awwwweeesome
 smile 
feels like dancing
just went on an insanse bike ride with <propfemale>! and now and all nighter bake-a-thon!? dude its gonna be a freaking fantastic night!
let me tell you that being locked out of a house for three hours is not as fun as you think
filling out scholarships!
going to lyon on feb 18 to try out for the soccer team!!!
mt magazine with my baby laugh 
mazing day with my baby smile   love 
bout to go on a three hour run with my bro! yay for marathon training!
"nyquil just described me, aches, fever, sore throat, sneezing, runny <propfemale>, cough "
is ready to meet new people and not be stuck around the same people everyday 
"i never wanna act my age, what's my age again? what's my age again?"
"dear all 26 2 <propmale> of the little rock marathon, prepare to be defeated!"
2 full marathons and 3 half marathons down and a whole bunch more to come!
why can't a girl dream anymore?
super cleaning the corolla!
soccer game!
so i thought that your senior year was supposed to be easy? what happened to that?
so there is this boy and his name is <propfirst> talley and i kind of like him a whole lot [:
in <propfirst> with the rents  smile  first time i've been here since i was born  smile 
long e playful osures of <propfirst>  smile 
):
to know ill never see his face again is really sad rest in peace <propmale> you were a wonderful friend  comon <propfirst> you're strong i know you can pull through 
rest in peace <propmale> and <propfirst>  you are loved and missed terribly
"<propfirst> and <propmale> i don't think you know how much you are loved by everyone, everybody has happy positive memories about times we shared with you guys  you guys are missed terribly, might be gone forever but will never be forgotten "
is going to henderson![:
sometimes you drive me up a freaking wall 
roller blading!
sometimes all you need is love
rest in peace <propfemale>  you were the best 17 year old pug i could of ever asked for 
best friday night ever? hell yeah
"slept in, bout to take pictures of <propfemale>, got to see my baby, and have a soccer game later on so far it's been a good day "
"sometimes i wish i could just let loose, let loose and scream, maybe even scream till i loose my voice, then maybe i would actually have a good reason for not speaking my mind "
"i'm so sick of what people think anymore, as long as i'm having a good time and not harming anyone else why should it matter?"
bring it on weather
round two of nasty weather? i'm down
and this is probably the reason some people get murdered
one month 22 23
fantastic weekend thanks to my baby  smile 
is baking a cake and watching the weather channel  this is some exciting weather!  smile 
summer summer summer
walked outside in shorts and a t shirt then turned around and ran back in to get a hoodie  what the hell? i thought it was spring?
run time [:
happy mothers day smile 
what is on my mind? <propfirst> talley  love 
