37bb8a414f4a3407351b10334bc6ad4e
 smile  at homee chillen!! i miss my boyfriend!!  love 
 love  do do do do doom da  smile 
my tummy is turned i'm nervous       but not the good one ha ha
 nixon style  totally got paid today yay me!!!  smile 
 gotta get <propmale>'s present today theeeen we can game it up   smile 
watchin kidss all day soooo hit up the cellular!!  smile 
cup cakes!!!  love 
 smile  i miss you boyfriend!!  love 
 smile  wo dude wooo
eating homemade chicken dumplings and sitting on my couch missin mah boy  smile  be jealous!  love 
hadn't had rockstar in a long time since last night!!  smile  ha ha that was awesome   love 
 love  making the boyfriend dinner!  smile  yumm   :i
my brother comes tomarrow!!  laugh  annnd i have that whole week off but tuesday to spend time with him! ? oh plus i get paid today! technically monday tho cause i can't cash it  annoyed \
" love  if only time flew like a dove     well we can watch it fly, just keep looking up   smile "
"?we should get jerseys cause we make a good team, but your's would look better than mine cause your outta my league?  smile "
 love  i'm tired    sooo i'm waitin for <propmale> to get off work so i can bug him till i fall asleep maybe say good night which ever comes first  smile 
 sittin on my bed doin this 
 love  memories  smile 
 love  i love my boyfriend  love   smile 
 bored  hmf lol i ate sooooo much <propfemale> today  laugh 
ha ha i had soooooo much fun at work!!!  smile ]] gotta love the worm and bumper cars        baaaaahahaaaahaha  laugh 
 love  tired  i miss my boyfriend   smile 
 love  gettin my check!  smile  kortnee is nice enough to take me!! thanks sooo much dude!!!  laugh 
 love  wonders what she should do today until the boy shows up??  smile 
 love  what a good day  smile 
 love  no motivation to work out today!? wth? lol  smile  gotta do it anyway  it's a love thing  love 
im liking my work crew lol :
bored at home  annoyed  what to do???
someone just shit on the walls  rubbed it on the walls at my work wtf!!
our kite didnt fly!!  surprise  awwwwww
 love  i'm amazed at how fast the clouds are moving   smile 
i love how everyone is talking about the weather  love 
someone seriously jus ordered 40 big macs 40 cheeseburgers and 40 med  fries wtf!?
 love  yay i just bought a spiderman pezz dispencer!  smile 
 smile  goin to go get <propfemale>  then zombieland!  love 
 love  waitin for <propmale>  suppose to be makin dinner tonight  hmmmn   
that was the loudest f ing thunder ever
haha •sad tone• i'm all alone in the world!!!
 love  i feel perfectly good i came home to an extremely clean apartment and i gained a new best friend today yay!!!  smile 
 love  yay today was my friday  smile  i have my own little weekend  laugh 
 love  gonna go play volleyball with my boyfriend  love   smile ]
 love  nachos  laugh 
<propfemale> fest!  laugh  goin to be in uniform soooooo come get stickers and tattoos lol  love 
i have so many touch screen devices  i tend to find myself trying to touch screens that aren't touch screens     
much needed volleyball tonight!!  laugh  im excited lol sooooo everyone needs to go to the kroc tonight k k cool   love 
got a new panda today  laugh  named him <propmale> haha  love 
me+espresso= love  haha  smile 
 love  just bought my new swim suit which should be here next pay day  laugh  that will be a good day hahaha  love 
i was just told i should be a phone sex operator?? um       
operatest
too tired to sleep
"gonna cook <propmale> dinner  smile  thinking steak, broccoli, annnnd mashed potatoes  love  mmmmmnn    it's a secret so don't tell  wink "
r i p  <propmale>    
i found out today my swim suit top hasn't processed  but i should be getting the bottom anyday now?? i ordered them at the same time 
gonna go clothes shopping with <propfemale>  laugh  im excited
 love  i've decided i want to see the new tron  smile 
 love  special day  smile 
 smile  captin <propmale>
a customer at my work said i have a beautiful voice and i should consider singing haha  laugh  he's never heard me sing  playful 
 love  robotic dinosaurs at the state fair!!!!!!!!!  surprise  yesssss  smile 
 love  hey! friday the 13th go august!  smile 
 love  i miss layin on the floor in front of the subwoofer with my bulldog while blasting music  she likes the bass as much as me  smile 
should i go swimming?? i think that's a yes   smile 
 smile  yay last day of work is done with now to hawai'i with <propmale> annnnd <propfirst>!!!!  love 
i'm starving and i just found <propmale> n cheese!! hell yes!  laugh 
 smile  yay for airplanes!!!  love 
 smile  returning our used fishing poles back to the store was a success! lol we took tags off and put them back on how nifty   love 
 love  going to the aquarium with my mom and brother  smile 
 sad  rip <propfemale> goodman 
had a good time today  smile  also made chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream with <propmale>  love 
 smile  yessssss gonna go pick <propfemale> up in a bit!!
never mind  annoyed  sitting at home
gofoing to the fair with <propmale>  smile  rawr!
makin' yummy in my tummy dinner lol  love   smile 
lame  sad 
 smile  hope   love 
workin 11-7 smile 0 today       day off=friday  smile 
i want to go to seattle for a weekend 
oh gosh i slept in till ten!! that's the first lol i woke up thinking it was 7   smile  breakfast time!!
work the rest of the week  annoyed  grrrrr    
now i'm feeling so fly like a g6  smile 
today was epic!  love 
my boyfriend is mia  annoyed 
found him!!!!
 smile  oh my gosh <propfemale> <propfemale> i love you!! i jus found that beach ball from 8th grade party      i found your signature!! i miss you   smile  we need to go play volleyball!!! hella!!!!!!!
 love  sooo    there's this guy i like  and he's really cute!  smile 
 crying  sad  i donno what to believe  but i'm thinking it's worse   crying 
ordered quiznos online with <propfemale>!
 love  leavin for hawai'i to see my family  smile 
aw sad day     no <propmale> today but hopefully he feels better tomarrow!!! i wanna see him sooooo bad!! fingers crossed  laugh  get better baby!!!!!  love 
"vacation is offically over      not excited to be back at work, but i am excited to be making money lol  smile "
jammin out to carabou <propfirst> at work  only fun thing all day!
lmfao!!! haha   smile 
red box why is it so hard to have get him to the greek when i want it!?
lazy day  love 
 smile  is happy  love 
i donno     
bought black ops tonight for ps3  gotta play it tomarrow tho  annoyed  hopefully!
going to <propmale>'s birthday today! then dinner at <propmale>'s  laugh  happy birthday little man!!!
called work to see if i can come in early and they said no  sad  grrrr
"me: <propmale> what's a milf\<propmale> (my little brother): its a guy that wants to do dirty things to mom \\bahahaahahahahahaaaaa  smile "
 love  ice cream  smile  waiting for my bestie i'm gonna make her go xmas shopping with meh!!
 love  i love you mom i'll see u in an hour or so 
holy nards i think i just saw a ufo!  surprise 
 love  just filled my own taxes by myself! yay! now to wait for my money and to file state     smile 
oh my gosh <propmale> and i just installed new speakers in my car by our selves!!!!  laugh 
snowboarding tomarrow!!!  smile  hella fresh
 love  after a pre valentines trip to go snowboarding  <propmale> and i are having a lazy day   smile 
 love  i want a hamster  laugh 
lol uh    my little brother is parading around singing spice girls??? haha
 laugh  my hamster (chubs) is soooo cute!!  love 
sun stop teasing us and just make summer come already  please and thank you  smile 
work 8-5 tomarrow  another day another dollar  smile 
does any of you have and would sell me metal gear solid for ps1? all four disks??  laugh 
*yawn*  surprise  oregon  annoyed 
    is in a deep thought     
i miss you and i love you!  smile 
work sucks    but <propmale> put whip cream all over my face hahaha so i picked up the extra that fell on the floor and got him back  smile  he ate his hahaha that boy
today is nalu's birthday! i think i should have today off! hahaha   smile  happy 22nd birthday brother!!  love 
bored  awake   annoyed 
