e4ee8c0eb4b0ddd47a06c4e9a664cb30
beast game link:http annoyed  thepiratebay org torrent 3569711 the_sims_2_(mac)_-_rev _e_crack
link is probably illegal and to use it you need to download utorrent so you can access torrent files
is bored    so  bored
is pretty pleased with himself 
"is highly confused about why his brother is so lazy that he had mikey h's older brother pick me up, and then just leave    i am just confuzzled"
is pretty much pleased with himself  for sending a virus to a noob!
is at war with <propfemale>!!!
listening to lil <propmale>
is by the time you read this most likely asleep 
hates when people advertise things on w o w 
is very hoboish< oi
is highly toxic  highly pimp too!
is a god 
is on his computer obviously as he's posting this!!!
hells no!!!!
torrents are fun and illegal!!!!  smile 
cant sleep because he hears weird crackling noises outside of his window  needless to say he is not very happy!
found a male black widow in his basement  though the males are harmless that still isn't a good sign as the females are deadly!!!
quite
is confused
is petting a black and white cat
is a fan of hobo the thieving wonder!
its warm with bats and opera houses and harbour bridges
enjoys a good swig of pineapple juice
"7 hrs of school, 3 hrs of ftbll, 1 hr of hw, 1 hr of a weird meeting thing, and now 2 hours of hw before i go to bed "
saints own!!!
so much homework to start right now    
officially last day of school for the week
i found my phone!
at least i can sleep in tomorrow morning    or not   
i officially hate salsa
"follow my instructions and something very good will happen to you in the next 60 seconds  after you do this, comment what good thing happend to you  warning: read and do each step before moving on to the next or this will not work  step 1: say \something good will happen to me in the next 60 seconds \"" step 2: stop reading this post  do not continue reading this ever  step 3: press \""ctrl\"" and \""w\"" at the same time """
at least <propfirst> bieber is in the background     fml
time to finally do the odst campaign
halo odst's campaign either flat out is impossible or i was playing on legendary  in either case it was downright unpleasant 
tired=yes    bored=yes    about to sleep=no
on facebook for first time in months    itll be months before i go on again 
the shattering
2 hours and 30 mins
tron!
if anything bad transpired via my fb in the past 3 hours just know that it was my brother 
chillin at home like a boss
my ears literally just started bleeding from listening to techno too loudly  
the night is young 
