74b0fa00d06529e25eeaca27a0cbe9df
"got a wii this week, and loves it"
"es en florida, y mi familia es muy casada  si, es casada, no <propfemale> casada"
"is sad that he will miss band camp for the 4th year in a row, but is so pumped for church camp "
is looking for any pics from summer camp i was in 
"is so sad that school starts in a week, though it does mean seeing alot of friends"
"is already is going back to cathedral today  man, summer sure passed by fast "
just had a great time at gencon
still needs to start his papers even though it is 3 surprise 0
"this is madness, this is keyesopolis!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
how dare i be on facebtook when the game is about to start!!!!!!
"is studying for the iliad   run, <propmale>, run!!!!!!"
can't decide between watching the colts game tommorow or the heroes 2 hour season premiere   decisions decisions 
the door can see into your mind!!!! the door can see into your soooouuul!!!!! really? th-the door can do all that? heh no 
"is watching halo 3 top ten videos   a guy threw a sticky at an enemy, missed   it hit the elevetor, which sent it straight back   while avoiding the enemy, he gets stuck by his flying sticky  ouch!!!"
"loves that fall is finally here  need jeans and a hoodie, but not frigid   perfect weather "
has to write a paper on the advantage broadcast media has in its relationship to the political process  sad 
is having a scribblenautical time!!! (it is a game fyi)
is so tired from the trip  and so sore  ugh 
is done with his do say show mean paper and his common app essay! woot!
is so behind in physics   going to <propmale> yesterday was a mistake from the schooling aspect
"has to write a personal statement for purdue tonight, even though i had not truely started and the real deadline isn't until nov 15"
is almost done with his paper!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\don't worry patriots  i saved a failure card just for you   \"""""
"is starting his ap gov't paper     now! i meannnnnn now! nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnow! ah, i will start eventually "
"may have a cold, but that didn't stop me from having a great thanksgiving  hope everyone else had a great time!!!!!!"
"didn't realize that vacation is for doing work, not relaxing "
"there sure is a lot to know about fusion power   i wonder if anyone else is still working on their physics debate    oh right, everyone!!!!!!!!!!!"
december is national 'make your profile picture a pokemon' month!! switch now!!
"government vocab, religion test, psych project, psych test, and <propfirst> <propfirst> died  sad  ?!?! today sucks and isn't getting better "
"is so sad  memory eternal archbishop job   i really loved him, and he was the best archbishop i could ever have   you always came to our camp to talk to us, and i always enjoyed your company "
all i want for christmas is an a in english   
done with finals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wow, only one week left of break     short break sucks!!"
(2 hours of sleep +12 hours of sleep) 2 = 7 hours of sleep for the last 2 days   that's enough    right?
forgot how great a weekend is 
"saw the show \worst cooks in america\"" and i laughed and laughed!"""
"wow, i spent most of my saturday working on my english paper  i must be going crazy!"
u best keep it up colts
go colts!
omg the smoke moster is op!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
didn't see the moonwalking bear  lmao
"so one day down, two to go "
"'s outline is his most ocd thing he has done   three topics with three sections each, with each topic being e playful lained with three points   and each point is intro quote e playful lanation"
"facebook looks so wierd now, but retreat was obviously worth everything!"
is still working on god's time aka i have been wasting all my time so far 
hates this paper!!! arg!!!!
birthday was amazing   so glad we don't have school today!
physics project = done   the only calculation i care about now 
"even though the english packet is due wednesday, my dad is forcing me to go to a boy scout meeting i am not even in anymore   his reasoning: to support the troop "
i think lacross is like soccer where you can beat each other with sticks 
"i am writing my psychology paper    wait, no i'm not    im on facebook! must resist"
"paper, paper, im writing a paper "
off to ireland
rest in peace <propfirst> trainor
why can't it be friday already?
"meatand dairy  yeah, it is that simple "
"rip mrs  fitz   you were the best teacher i had sophmore year, maybe ever   i never cam to see you oftem enough   i am so sorry for that   i love you so much "
oh english paper   what do i have to do to get rid of you?
"wow, i can't believe my paper is going so well   it is a miracle!"
"mwah hah hah hah! i only have to type up the edits for one paragraph and i am done with my paper! one point for school! my score total school-1 senoritis-1,000,000"
mon[x] tues[ ] wed[ ] thurs[ ] fri[ ]
"so many graduation parties, so little time   anyone know where to obtain a timeturner?"
graduation    hm   
"lost will be on soon   therefore, i won't be in contact for the next 3 5 hours"
back from camp   soon i will be sleeping on an actual bed 
back from summer camp! had an amazing time!
everyone else is already at school   what to do?
off to college   good luck everyone!
i finally got my school laptop!
first class with laptop available   get away facebook!  smile 
aint college grand?
the weekend   i had forgot how wonderful it feels
"today's physics lab felt like mr  seal's class   yeah, you should be scared "
college prescreening of machete   advice: this movie is awesome   don't suppress feelings to laugh at it   it was made for you to laugh at 
"get ready world, here i come!"
"october is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you?"
one more class!
i am finally on break!
shorter periods for class due to an event? sounds alot like chs
"i am <propfirst> <propfirst> becker, and i am awesome"
"oh <propfemale>, i want to go to bed, and yet i don't"
blarg
"our beaten, broken, spaztastic robot pulled out the victory in the end   it was grueling, but in end, there can be only 1 "
that was quite an amazing day i had; lucky to have the best girlfriend ever!
"well, it seems as if i have put homework off long enough   time to get cracking!"
"week ten, more like week djdaoigdaiojiamsotiredofworkaocvjdijaofiejfoiadj"
officially 1 month dating! best month ever!
hmm   just finished watching matrix reloaded   choices left? a)get 8 hours of sleep   b)watch matrix revolutions and get 6 hours of sleep   hmmmm
physics study 6 surprise 0-730; ece presentation practice 7 smile 0-9 surprise 0; rh presentation 9 surprise 0-11 surprise 0   tonight is not going to be fun
"one presentation down, one to go!"
last class of the quarter!
yup  we won
one more final!
and thanksgiving break starts    now
best date ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"man, my dates with <propfemale> always seem to be the best ever! this will be a tough 3 weeks until christmas break"
"yeah, chs won   e playful ectations are now met "
back at scharp   let the good times roll
new schedule (mostly morning classs) working surprisingly well   feeling good about this quarter!
snow on december first  makes me happy to be in indiana
"today in first class: for a normal good: income inc, demand inc; income dec, demand dec; for an inferior good: income inc, demand dec; income inc, dema    arg, i miss the econ pod  sad "
1 more week!
"bye bye school   i will see you in two weeks, once i have slept "
<propfemale> christmas!
seahawks for the win!!!!! they are going all the way!!!!!
"ya know, i like most fans am upset over the lost  however, at least it was to a semi respectable team like the jets, and it was a close game throughout   unlike the seahawks thrashing of the saints "
"yay, i get to stay up and try to draw the flag for south africa! not really very excited though   at least it is showing something!"
got my laptop ready for class registration    only to realize it doesn't start until thursday
"third string for the bears is dominant! if there was only reason to like the bears, it is because of him "
"it is friday morning, which means it is the weekend! phooy that the teachers think they should still teach today  sad "
power fluctuations? school still on? we will see   
"well, at least some teachers (props go out to western and doering) got the memo; i can decide which is better: western postponing the test or doering reducing my trips outside from 2 to 1 time today "
and it is now offically closed
"weekend wednesday canceled; redundant, but appreciated"
green bay comes up with the victory   good game to all
