1d3dc7f53e121a2e76bbb7d54d589dfa
wondering if he should cut his hair  and i mean like a buzz cut  lol
"almost done with his summer assignment   wink  *sigh* summer went by fast, but slow at the same time  lol"
i don't think i'll ever get a real 8 hour sleep again with history thought  
"i can't wait for the speech session to start! aw, man  i miss going to the tournaments w  my friends   smile "
don't let me do an announcement for the next few weeks  lol
i have too much work to do tomorrow  i don't even know why i'm up  guess i'm just thinking about life and all 
"i'm sleepy, my eyes are blurring in and out as i look at the screen  but i have so much work to do still  ugh "
"haha, ready for throwback day!! lol"
"spirit week was cool beans cept for the game, tired now though  lol serving pancakes tomorrow for community service and finna get my hair cut  lmao going to dance the night away tmrw  "
i got my haaair cut!! homecoming here i come lol
"baack to life, back to reality  lol"
it's time for a long deserved sleeep 
ooooh ahhh oh~ morning kids  lol ahhh!! life   smile 
say a little prayer for you  forever forever you'll stay in my heart  lol
"wants to go to the 80s, push it with salt 'n pepa, rock out with <propfemale>, and thriller with mj  haha"
"feeling blah, time to sleep! g'night crumb bums "
"uggh, off to work on history and thought  comin' through the rye "
"baby girl, turn me on with your electric feel  ooooh~ ahh life "
"ahhh, love is all, love is you  love is old, love is new  mmmm  it blows my mind, life "
watching titanic for the first time  i hope no ones diies!!
"peace will guide the planets, and love will steer the stars  age of aquarius  "
"no more falsehoods or derisions, <propfemale> living dreams of visions, and the mind's true liberation "
so tired  not done with the iliad just yet!
the smell of rubbing alchohal is starting to make me want to throw up  
time to sleep  haha bust out the warm milk! lmao
"deciding if i want to do my crumby paper for old mrs  april  i mean it's not that i don't want to do it, but you have to be in the mood for that kind of stuff  so i'm thinking of giving old <propfemale> a buzz and shoot the crap with her  boy, do we have fun  i mean not getting sexy and all, but like talking like we do and all  maybe she's in the mood for checkers or canasta  she kills me!"
"i really don't feel like doing anything lately  ahhh, dammit  lol can't we get a break?"
ahhhh  i love bowling now  lol
"trick -or-treaters out now! ahhhhh, hide!!"
rhps at midnight!! time to eat and chillax 
"sometimes, the best thing to do is to stop caring "
it's going to be a very long night  
"so, after i'm finished with all this work i can  finish my other work  *sigh* so much for a day-off!!"
"my friend <propfemale> rodriguez opened my eyes to more women oppressionment  type in \women should\"" in the bar and see what is suggested  bogus!"""
let's do it nice and roough  lol big wheels keep on turning  ? come on lol up do do do do~ haha   smile 
first speech tournament for the season starts tomorrow!!!~ <propfemale> excited lol cancer 
"gonna watch across the universe, loooove the beatles  yeaaah, you've got that something  i think you'll understand  wink "
an asian's worst nightmare: running out of rice!  crying 
"smile tho' your heart is aching, smile even though it's breaking, when there are clouds in the sky- you'll get by, if you smile through your fear and sorrow, smile and maybe tomorrow you'll see the sun come shining through- for you  "
can't wait to get tomorrow over with! then another two weeks and   damn  lol
"embracing the weekend, ahhhh  been waiting for some relaxation time  lol time to get intune with myself and become at peace with the world  or atleast try   smile "
"ahhh! today was decent, excited for tomorrow yo   smile  gonna have it \cracking\"" in ms  april's class  peace my soul brothers sisters out there  lol"""
"htwm will be veeery interesting tomorrow lol hopefully it'll go alright, g'luck to everyone!  playful  tired now  "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!  smile  you may all give me my presents now  lol jk
"i won't forget tonight, (02 02 10) our night  haha, i guess i just needed a little push, but know it was all in good  time   smile  \and here we are in heaven  for you are mine at last \"" ~etta <propfirst>  thank god  i can't stop smiling """
"yesterday (02 05 10) just another day in the  life!  smile  you make me feel alive, ive, ive  "
"i guess it's time to start this research paper  hopefully i won't procrastinate? lol, prolly will "
imagine me free  thank you snowball for having me   smile 
"i feel crazy! in a good way lol awesome weekend, i loove my friends so much  smile "
"gonna start my homework! lol yay, all-nighter  who'll join me?! yeah  thank you, god :')"
"each day i see your smile, it means the world to me  but i haven't been the one to make you smile  and i just feel like all i can do for you now is make you cry  you don't have to speak to me anymore if you don't want to  but know that if you need me, i'm still going to be here for you  i thank god that he sent you to me, that you loved someone like me  i will always love you, <propfemale> "
"idk, i started my homework break like 4 hours ago  i think it's time to get back to work lol  another all-nighter? i hope i can stay awake that long "
"now, if i can find my charger everything would be peachy! i even lost my usb for my phone  smh oh well, guess that's another less distraction  lol"
"just a few more weeks, ready to get this day over with  "
"well, i'm not sure what i exactly accomplished today, but it felt like a good day so it doesn't matter   smile  time to hit the couch lol cuz sleeping on beds was so last year "
"woke up in the morning feeling like jaaaaaymar, gonna fail this <propmale> rec! maybe if i wear my t-shirt  d? yes "
"happy birthday to donesha-lovinlife lipsey, <propfirst> jones, and <propfemale> <propfemale>!  smile  you guys are awesome lol"
"time to breathe and chillax  it's been a looong, long time coming  summer 2010!  smile "
but you guys are honors!
my water just broke 
blackhawks win!!
"prenez <propfemale> moment et pensez à la manière la plus compatissante pour traiter votre problème; piense en el m<propfemale>do, porque no existe mucho amor en lo; ang lay<propfemale>in ay hindi upang mabuhay magpakailanman, ang lay<propfemale>in ay upang gumawa ng isang bagay na; pax jaymar "
you can't grow as a person when you have walls built around you 
"life is lucky that i'm a naive, optimist or else i would have given up a long time ago "
oh god  tornado warning!!
"rain, rain go away come again some other season "
welcome to the month of july 
"hello california, bye illinois  i will never forget you guys  ): peace, my friends  "
almost the weekend!
ah! i love how it's 5 smile 6pm here  suck it cst  lol
all-nighters are so much fun  lolol not   indecision 
tell me why am i listening to a rap song in french? lol i really don't know anymore 
getting married today  smile 
"aw crap, i missed the study session    indecision "
"i guess i'll ride my bicycle, a la <propfemale> "
everyone's getting sick now-a-days  no where is safe  lol
i like how it says there's no homework for friday on schoolloop  we'll just have to see about that  
time to get some work done 
i'm feeling a random coming on  
i wonder if i can read 8 chapters of the <propfemale> letter before i sleep  hmm  
gonna be a long night 
working on my future!
"put this on your\status if you know and love someone who is gay  my wish for the world\is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a\choice  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance\and equal rights  promote love and acceptance, not hate "
"awkward moments, i love you sooo much  "
i'm actually excited to go to spanish class today  wow 
renée schwartz c:
"\estoy mojado!\"" \""eso es que <propfemale> dijo \"" lol"""
i don't understand why stuff comes up when i have work to do  i mean really? lbs
long-term plans are fun 
too tired to work  must sleep  must  zzzz
i don't understand why people want me to grow out my hair  long hair is ew :i
"renée schwartz, i am <propmale>  i eat belts!"
can't believe i'm missing snowball ii    annoyed  this weekend sucks 
"getting all this work done before my 4 day weekend  playful  yay, ap engrish"
there are some things that should never be googled 
it's really hard to procrastinate when there's nothing to do   indecision 
dumbledore is so thirsty in the 6th movie 
"just listened to some chopin, <propfemale> <propfirst>! he sucks :i lol jk"
<propfemale> thanksgiving ya'll! give some thanks 
going home with three packed bags on my back  on my bike  wish me luck!  laugh 
i'd like a convenient internet source for christmas please 
"won't be on for a while, so <propfemale> christmas  smile  g'day loves "
school tomorrow  yay 
last day of finals! ahh  smile  can't wait for this weekend 
"sitting here, listening to spanish love ballads  por que? no se, mi amigo  las canciones es muy <propfemale> y no tengo algo que es mejor hacer  lol estoy aburrido "
i have internet!!  smile  ahh  it's been too long  lol
time to hit the haystacks 
life is good stuff 
i guess i'll sleep  what a night  smile 
i'm all sorts of inspired right now 
"going to be hitting the snooze tomorrow! ahh, so tired "
anyone know any good duets? my friend wants to sing one with me  lol
i hate the time-difference  makes communication harder 
"if there wasn't any homework due today, i think it would be a pretty great day "
i'm off to see the wizard! the wonderful wizard of oz 
a good ol' <propmale> song always does the trick  
"mount your <propfemale> <propfirst>, light your <propfemale> evans!! i'll just listen to things songs until i go crazy  lol"
"bed time, round 2 "
watching this american idol  
i'm horrible at trying to stay awake  lol i give up! sleep time 
i'm asleep 
"i had the craziest dream last night, about a boy who was turned into a swa  i mean sandwich  but his friend falls for the wrong boy and he kills himself "
time to find my bed again  
i miss snowdays!
first time watching the super bowl  i wonder who i should be rooting for lol
"congratulations packers! now, it's time for my glee "
lol i love <propfemale> 
"home from the start of hell week! now, time to do homework  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
"i give up trying to do homework this week  it's too late, i'm so tired "
tonight we'll kill the beast!
singing in the bathroom is not awkward 
i told myself i wouldn't go on facebook today  but here i am  lol
"love me tender, love me true  all my dreams fulfilled  for my darling i love you, and i always will   love "
i'm packing up to move  changing schools again 
i'll miss beauty and the beast!! i had so much fun doing this production and the show was just amazing! the cast party yesterday was pretty  interesting lol i've already moved into the new place and i have to say that i miss <propmale> mar already  you guys can never be replaced  i'll definitely be visiting in the near future!  love 
"\you have changed schools within the last six months  facebook does not allow frequent high school changing  you will not be able to change schools at this time \""\",1d3dc7f53e121a2e76bbb7d54d589dfa,"tomorrow, i plan to get an amazing sleep  bragatheesh suresh, you should too!"
seeing all of those snowball statuses makes me want to go back and do it all again  those were the days  smile 
i dislike the amount of clutter in my room  most of which does not belong to me 
"if someone sang to me, i would melt   smile "
is it really raining again? this needs to stop 
me  love  sleep
grapes of wrath 
i hate when i set my hopes so high  
i know how fast the internet moves when i see one of my friends from california post the same link as another one of my old friends in the illinois  lol
singing to pass the time 
i want to make sweet music with you  
i don't think the cough drop works if you swallow it  
getting to know this <propmale> <propfirst> guy more   smile 
made an epic video for apush with <propfemale> dor and <propfemale> <propfirst>   smile  can't wait till monday!!
any plans i had today failed    annoyed 
