0d3176e806c3f0af2422b237918d7343
idk what 2 put on this thing!
chillin like a villian
never take life seriously nobody gets out alive anyway 
havent writin somethin on here forever so figured i should rite somethin and this would be the somthin im wrtin  smile 
happy new year!!
"some people are like slinkies     not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs "
"knowledge is power, and power currupts  so study hard and be evil wink "
la deda la deda la deda smile 
u know sometimes i wonder     
why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
"if you had 3 seconds to live, what would u eat? a lifesaver!!"
hey everyone! i'm having a pancake breakfast at applebee's on trolley rd  on the 27th  (which is this saturday)i'm having it raise money for my trip to australia  it's $5 a ticket  please come! i would would so apperciate it smile 
pancake breakfast this saturday at applebee's on old trolley rd  8-10
only 1 week til spring break!!
ok  so who is goin to kickin chicken on thursday?
what goes around the world but stays in a corner?
i got a little change in my pocket going jingle <propfemale>le <propfemale> want to call you on the telephone baby i give you a ring but each time we talk i get the same old thing always no huggin no kissin until i get a wedding ring my <propfemale> my baby don't put my love upon no shelf she said don't give no lines and keep your hands to yourself --<propfemale> satellites
"please allow me to introduce myself  i'm a man of wealth and taste  i've been around for a long, long year  stole many a man's soul and faith---rolling stones"
who agrees with me that the underworld movies are the shiz?
theres glitter on my beef jerky!
i hate drawin circles!!
geometry sucks butt!
"don't need reason, don't need rhyme--ac dc"
everything looks yellowish outside 
professional dog food taster is an actual job!! gross
i got called a freak today by <propfemale> waffle  ha! isnt that great?
in my world everyones a pony and eat rainbows and poop butterflies --katie off of horton hears a who 
i'm finally done with biology! woohoo!
its has nails!=0
i laughed so hard i fell off my dinosaur smile 
dolphins are just gay sharks!
"\my tummy was making the rumblies\"" \""carl!!\"" \""that only hands can satisfy \"" \",0d3176e806c3f0af2422b23791 laugh 7343,"\is it dead?!\"""""
my computer is soooo annoyin!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!     so yea 
i wanna feed my english teacher to a pit of hungry lions smile 
i wanna see iron man 2 soooo bad!!
i guess i should do somthin productive 
blah blah blah blah blah!!!
ninas party is today! woohoo!
if anyone can txt <propfemale> for me please tell me 
exams=torture 
winner winner chicken dinner!!
\we can dance if we want to\,0d3176e806c3f0af2422b23791 laugh 7343,can't believe 2mrw is the last day of school 
bibbidi bobbidi boo!! smile 
can't wait to go to the lake 2mrw!
my sister is sooo annoying! blah!
1 week left smile 
dinner with everyone was really run  we have to go back on a thursday for kareoke 
packin is annoying annoyed 
leavin 2mrw and i'll be bac in about a month annoyed  peace out all my peeps smile 
so my calling card isnt working so hi momy&daddy and everyone else  im work on my card later so sorry for not callin momy and dady but yeah im safe and stuff  and havin a blast!
"in another 6 months, everyone say hello to lil' <propfemale>    \      <propfemale> vasquez <propfemale> <propfemale> willis-christ\typed by her bestie: tyasha shaquan <propfemale> ford  smile "
29412
dont ask
hi mommy and dad! i tried my card again and it says its invalid so you have to call the hotel or not talk to me at all  you have to call me like at 10 thou cos thats when im in the room  and my card works now 
i'm baaaaaack!
my sleepin times are still a little messed up 
new haircut!
got a 3 on my ap exam!i was surprised 
pretty in pink is awesome!!
if life gives you melons you may be dsylexic smile 
"jus saw a commercial for australian beer  man, i miss down under "
"\stallion duck!\"""""
so whos got 5th lunch?
you say smile i say cheese smile 
fun fact of the day: a leopard can <propfemale> twice its body weight up a tree  now you know something that will probaly never help you in life  have fun with it smile 
"\be yourself\"" is about the worst advice you can give some people  ~ <propmale> masson"""
dentists recommend that you keep your toothbrush at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid contamination 
random fact time:the sound of e t  walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly  cool right?
"random fact!!: according to suicide statistics, monday is the favored day for self-destruction  funny right? noone likes mondays and this proves it "
"randomness: the first known contraceptive was crocodile <propfemale>, used by egyptians in 2000 b c  ewwwwww smile "
"'jedi' is an official religion in australia with over 70,000 followers  ha"
sooo anyone wanna go bowlin 2mrw? i really want to but dont have a ride 
"desperation:when you rearrange the letters: \a rope ends it\"""""
"the morse code: when you rearrange the letters: \here come dots\"""""
random fact: a pregnant goldfish is called a twit smile 
the electric chair was invented by a dentist 
the same enzymes that digest your food while you're alive will start eating your body once you're dead 
funny random fact as requested by grandma: <propmale> blanc (voice of bugs <propfemale>) was allergic to carrots  maybe its more ironic than funny 
druuuum rolll please(insert drum roll here) random fact time!: termites eat wood twice as fast when listening to heavy metal music  puurrty cool rite? yea i know 
12 newborn children will be given to the wrong parents daily 
"historically, sweat has been an active ingredient in perfume and love potions "
"the plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets  smile  i knew this from phineas and ferb, anyone else?"
"when it comes time to give birth, the female shark loses her appetite so she won’t be tempted to eat her own pups, ha "
smile: a curve that can set a lot of things straight 
"random faaaact sad lans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the e playful ression \to get fired\"""""
\oh oh oh i wanna go crazy\,0d3176e806c3f0af2422b23791 laugh 7343,adolf hitler's mother seriously considered having an abortion but was talked out of it by her doctor 
the first owner of the marlboro cigarette company died of lung cancer 
polar bears do live alaska!!!!! not antacrtica!
the grinch stole chirstmas is coming on tonight!! on 25 days of christmas on abc  yay! smile )
"<propfirst> durden:you know why they put oxygen masks on planes? \narrator: so you can breathe  \<propfirst> durden: oxygen gets you high  in a catastrophic emergency, you're taking giant panicked breaths  suddenly you become euphoric, docile  you accept your fate  it's all right here  emergency water landing - 600 <propmale> an hour  blank faces, calm as hindu cows\i totally believe this smile "
never knew sleeping beauty's name was <propfemale> 
"in back to the future, the time traveling device that sent <propfirst> mcfly was originally written to be a refrigerator, not a delorean  it was changed to a car because they thought kids might try to emulate the film and start playing in refrigerators smile )haha"
"\sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them \"""""
don't you feel like you should put something immensely profound and thought-provoking on the status sometimes? where people are like wow thats deep haha
so my profound statement: peguins are cool smile  yeaaa thought long and hard on that 
"we american's, we're a simple people    but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities "
use https annoyed  yellowloops com  to access facebook in school
"no, whats on your mind?"
the pizza person just picked a biggg wedgie when she thought noone was lookin lol smile 
use https annoyed  weareveryhappy com  to access facebook in school
those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do  haha wink 
"on average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year smile  thats just a big fail "
whats brown and sticky?
