dbe02dc152cca80578df835c88f376dc
happy father's day!
thinks its weird that a lot of famous people are dead all of the sudden 
"i'm going to arrive in israel palestine by thursday, and i'm so excited!!"
"finally, my internet works again!!!"
"being sick for about a week really, really, sucks  sad "
clubbing yesterday and seeing zombie land was fan-tastic!! but now i have work to do   sad 
"glad to be back in <propmale>!!!! what!! yeah, i'm excited "
is excited for the coming out ball tonight!  laugh 
might be getting a little sick  oh noooees!
"uggh, so rainy and gross outside! also the wind is frikkin loud! stfu for realz   sad "
"so its snowing in <propmale>, and i'm not there    again   sad "
"congrats to annise <propmale>! even though she got elected on saturday and i'm posting this on monday     oh well, at least i know the money i donated to the campaign wasn't wasted   smile "
done with finals!!!  laugh 
so apparently i got super awsome grades this semester  i therefore come to the conclusion that banner web is straight-up broke 
canceled rugby game= no good   sad 
snoooooww!!!
"finally, got my phone and my old number back!!!"
"fifty degrees yesterday and now snow today  seriously greensboro, make up your mind!"
still sooooo incredibly wired now!  surprise 
yawn 
"wathced telephone yesterday, and i totally want to see lady gaga in concert, live  like, right now  because it is that amazing "
"i cannot believe i spent five hours in senate listening to repetitive and disrespectful arguments, but at the very least it turned out alright in the end "
"waaaay too much work, and not nearly enough time to do it!"
"so thrive last night was cool and everything, but now i can't get that one song out of my head!"
"the senior <propmale> exhibit was amazing!  for everyone who hasn't seen it yet, you definitely should!  smile "
"ugh, this paper seriously needs to start writing itself because i have a terrible case of writer's block right now   annoyed "
one more exam to go!!! 0_0
"can tuesday come any sooner? or better yet, thursday?"
completely done with finals!!!!  laugh 
soooooo glad to be home right now!  smile 
"is now in washington dc!!!!!!!  laugh \i'm super excited for my internship to start; i'll keep everyone posted on what i'm doing since i haven't been on fb in what seems like ages "
"just went to the smithsonian, and will celebrate my 20th birthday tonight at the <propfemale> pub!  hopefully they'll have good food since i won't be drinking   smile "
"ugh, done with this mandetory bi-weekly reflection  now time for some relaxing   wink "
going to capitol hill tomorrow!  laugh 
"dear people with obnoxiously loud and shrill voices: the next time you feel like talking to me, please just write me a sticky note   smile "
"way to go mexico!!!  laugh \can't wait for them to beat uruguay!"
"the tassc vigil was great, but wore me out! i'm definitely sleeping in as late as possible "
awesome fireworks+ a great performance by scream+ seeing hr from bad brains+ hippies = one hell of a july 4th!  smile 
just got my <propfemale> dvd's in the mail! thanks mommykins!!!  love 
"i think for the world cup, (since germany is now out of the picture,) i'll be rooting for holland!"
wants to give everyone on the netherlands team a giant hug   sad 
"ugh, halfway done with this paper  but now i have writer's block  yay   annoyed "
awkwaaaaaaaaard!!!
less than a week until i'm finally back in <propmale>! can't wait!
"will be in japan in a few hours, so excited!  smile "
"ate hand rolled sushi today, and found out that in addition to fish, chicken nuggets and meat balls are rather tasty when packed with rice and wrapped in sea weed   smile "
"\its britney   bitch \"""""
i like it on my desk 
misses brownie chocolate fudge ice cream   crying 
"1in 10 people born is gay  that means 1 in 10 people are instantly put down, labeled, put in the minority and often worse   all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens commit suicide as a way of escaping if you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for who they are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will "
what the fuck <propmale> draper   annoyed 
no school tomorrow! love random days off in the middle of the week!  love 
happy thanksgiving everyone!  laugh 
has the urge to slap the stupid out of somebody   annoyed 
so sad and excited for my last days in japan! i'll miss all of my friends here so much! and to my guilco friends- can't wait to see you guys soon!  love 
???????????
back in the us!
back at guilford!  laugh 
"so relieved about almost being done with this paper, but not so much for the citations i have to do now  yay citation procrastination   annoyed "
someone is high on caffeine  someone=me   laugh 
