09e78df5ade9d4c3e9fa831ec43b3c7e
lost and not yet found
slowly moving into the mode of what ever!!!
just finished a 4 <propfemale> letter
dont u hate it when u have a song stuck in ur head  and that is all u hear??
anybody got a dang laughin pill or something  extremely sugar filled coffee !!!
i need a cookie    
what the hell i need a lot of things   so what is the easiest?? any answers??
"struggling with the situation, but i got my head on, i know what i want and my feelings, just doing schooling and working  even though it is hard  she knows i miss her"
"trying to grip what is making someone <propfemale> down and out, that she has to pull away from those who love her the most???"
"nothing i do seems to matter, ive tried and tried to the point to now ive got nothing left to give, my heart bleeds and my eyes sting with tears  ive got nothing to where iam nothing  "
"she's got over 1000 lies, and so many different disguises that noone knows who the real one is   that the ones who love her are blindsided   just cant do it anymore   once decided you know where to find me    im not hiding"
"how much more do i have to endure, how much more do i have to hurt? how much more of the false guilt or sense of deservin do i have to take for her to feel big? how long will it take for her to realize what she is doing????  sad "
"love is selfless, it is unconditional no matter the flaws, imperfections  it is strong and breathtaking   that is my love"
"love is selfless, it is unconditional no matter the flaws, imperfections  it is strong and breathtaking   that is my love   love works through the small things and the big things, it lasts through out   that is my love"
"time is <propfemale> i got that, time carries love and i got sooo much of that   so here goes the wait"
"i know i got a loving up beat personality , and that im smart beautiful and ive got the power to make things happen    so who is by my side on this?????"
"the lady reading this  is beautiful, classy and strong, and i love her    help her live her life to the fullest    please promote her and cause her to excel above her e playful ectations    help her shine in the darkest places where it is impossible to love    protect her at all times, lift her up when she needs you the most,  and let her know when she walks with you, she will always be safe    love you"
"just take a look at me, i know that it is my love you see  place your hand on my heart, you will know the pain ive got  wrap those arms round me, hold me, console me let me know you love me  can you see into my eyes the sadness and confusing im feeling behind them  jus hold me, feel me, wipe away those tears that blind me   "
trying not to think bout the person who stomped my heart into the mud and watched me fall apart    broken
got nothing   feels as though the life is being crushed outta me by vicegrips    but im hanging on   
just makin some changes of my self    ya will see once im done and got pics to post    there is goin to be a new me  laugh 
"just dont give up im workin it out, dont give in though it seems i let you down     got a job interview on wednesday  sweet !!!"
my head is <propfemale> pounding   not much seems to be helping   ughhh
"im never goin to try to put eye liner on my self again   lol but i can handle the masscara, and eye shadow   lmao   that just makes me feel and sound so damn girlie   oiy"
"<propfemale> sick of peoples shit,  people no longer know how to talk, or stay out of peoples business    bout to bitch slap some people    i feel like a fuckin e playful eriment!!"
"was heading to a job interview and gettin on the free way, barely hit 40 mph and my car started shaking  and made me swerve and just bout got hit by a truck   freaked me out  !!"
"everything is like warefare, there seems to never be a peace or silenence not even in the heart of it all   always so much chaos and pain   dont have the time for games or b s, not in my heart  if you speak you speak from the heart  "
"i cant be the emotional punching bag anymore, sick of being made to feel as though it is my fault, like im the failure  just cant  do it anymore, im all cried out  the pain has got to go, it has stilled with in me for far tooo long  i can no longer be the emotional punching bag!!!"
"does ne one see that im a good person, that i got a big heart, or the fact that i have a lot of compassion inside? can ne one see who iam? or am i just a fool?"
"travel deals in flights, cruises deal in ships, love is in the next destination that comes from the heart"
"you have made me cry for the last time, im done being in this game of yours, i never knew you could be the scandalous type, but now u have shown me, and i believed in u  "
"just chillaxin,  some shit is just way beyond complex and i wonder why i bother   "
"it isn't the things you do, it's the things you leave undone, which gives you a bit of heart ache at the setting of the sun! the tender words for gotten, the letter you did not write, those will be your haunting ghosts tonight!!"
how do you prove to the one that you love very much that you are not like all the rest and you are not going anywhere but closer to her
"you ever get that feelin to where ya just want to smack the sarcastic, smug look and attitude right out of them and off there face??"
"you ever get that feelin to where ya just want to smack the sarcastic, smug look and attitude right out of them and off there face??"
"the true story unfolds, as the light breaks the mold, her story is being told  "
"i tried, you didnt so i decided to not deal with your games or drama and i gave up "
how could you be <propfemale> heartless   i lost my soul to a woman <propfemale> heartless!!!!
"chic’s call me hard to please   i call them lacking in effort  chic’s say i am high maintenance, i say at least i keep things interesting  \chic’s call me 'pretty' but then make me cry  i call them selfish, and erase them from mind "
"chic’s call me hard to please   i call them lacking in effort  chic’s say i am high maintenance, i say at least i keep things interesting  \chic’s call me 'pretty' but then make me cry  i call them selfish, and erase them from mind "
"its all or nothing, and it seems to always lead to nothing  sad  how obvious is that!! just need to get away from here"
"people say im addictive, but i think it is just the talent i possess  lol"
"good <propfemale>, what a bitch of a request  one look at you i know what you are thinking, you have turned me inside out   i cant take it anymore    good vibes, now you know they are full of lies   so let me kiss a girl!! i can give you more!! make this my request!!"
"the way you make me feel, the way you make me feel  you really turn me on, you knock me off my feet now baby  the lonely days are gone   the way you make me feel!!"
"just goin to stand there and watch me burn, thats alright cus i like the way it hurts  just goin to stand there and hear me cry, thats alright i love the way you lie,love the way you lie!!"
"sometimes things  people come along in life and you just have to take hold and make all your desires and feelings known, if you dont sometimes the best things get away and your screwed!!"
"the spot light aint nothin wit out'cha girl, and this dance floor aint nothin wit out you girl  you a show stopper  lets get it poppin  cus the spot light aint nothin wit out ya girl   "
"enrolling into the <propmale> mountain college of <propmale> and design for bfa\im goin for graphics design    smile "
"if you had to chose one thing you love about me, what would it be? post this as your status & see how many people comment  smile  ?"
starts college in sept at <propmale> mountain college of <propmale> and design  laugh  diggin it !!!
<propmale> mountain college of <propmale> and design has accepted me i start class in sept  laugh 
"got a new interestin job, start school sept 2 and ill be making my way up the success line    swwwweeeeet!!!!!!!"
"cant believe school is like not even 2 weeks away, im kinda on the nervous side!! but cant wait to draw again       it is <propfemale> e playful ressive when i draw"
well just found out that i was denied for a private student <propfemale> for the college books and computer that is needed  so now im royally screwed! dont know what to do now    sad 
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
start first day of college tomorrow   wonder how that is goin to go  and my bday is 20 days away and counting    lmao
"well did not start school today, has been postponed til <propfirst>   gawsh am i such a dam loser  sad "
it is official that i start class in jan  now jus waitin to see what happens with krys's interview on a management position  laugh 
ya i feel old and the only good thing is i dnt look my age   lmao
well i may have that job at blockbuster    yay     smile  so that is good  now just the school thing to deal with    
