cbaf999db1773e148a69a9727d49cb6c
once again    alone on a fri night   wtf lol
wut a shitty ass day  and stuck at work  
wow <propfemale>! we now train our kids like our dogs   by putting leashes on them   wtf happened 2 good ol ass whoopings!
what we can do for another is the test of powers; what we can suffer is the test of love 
what we can do for another is the test of powers; what we can suffer is the test of love 
love is evil    spell it backwards  
i have 2 admit   eminem's new album recovery is some sick shit   some of his best lyrics ever  
"turn on the shower, lock the door \fall upon the tile and cry once more \grab a towel, damp the sounds  don`t\let a soul hear that you`re breaking down "
how the hell does paper beat rock? stand in front of me and ill throw a rock at you while you protect yourself with a piece of paper
"g'night, sleep tight, feel anything bite   its just me  wink "
"mosquitoes, gnats, no-see-ums;  they're all winged spawns of satan "
"welcome to the psychiatric hot line  if you are obsessive-compulsive, press 1 repeatedly, co-dependent, ask some to press 2, schizophrenic press 3-9"
welcome to my profile straitjackets are on the wall 2 the left and the meds are in the box on the table hope you enjoyed your visit come back soon!
i disagree with <propfemale> jewelers  i'm willing to bet that more kisses begin with booze 
so in life we always have that 1 person we count on 2 get us threw our low points in life   wut happenes when that person needs some1   every1 is 2 busy   so alone i stand   as every1 i stood by   watches me break an fall  
   can someone to tell me why there is braille on drive thru atm machines  am i missing something here??
smooth and dreamy like my weeny
is going to be riding into the sunset naked on a purple llama with a bottle of rum in hand   smile 
love is evol   it gives the other person power over who u are   and the power 2 tear apart the person u r   leavn u standin empty handed staring down at the remainders of wut once was ur heart who ever said its better 2 have loved and lost than 2 have never loved at all is a fuckn moron if still alive shud b tortured   heartache like this is beyond wut i can handle   thank god 4 strong boose this man is now empty  
fuck the world   get a child outta her  
been 2 hell an back   i can show u vouchers
you want to live life to the fullest don't plan for the best   plan for something like godzilla or testicle eating zombie smurfs or something of that nature 
"wait  what did u ask again? oh never mind, forget it  i know this one  oh just go ahead and tell me for the 3rd time  oh now i get it  wait  what now?"
swallow my cockachino and make it foamy
i'm only gonna have 1 drink 2nite    but the 1 i want is at the bottom of the bottle   i'm gonna have 2 drink all that liquor 2 get that 1  
get off my antidisestablishmentarianism you pricks!
in the event of my demise when my heart can beat no more i hope i die for a principle or a belief that i had lived 4 i will die before my time because i feel the shadow's depth so much i wanted 2 accomplish before i reached my death i have come 2 grips with the possibility and wiped the last tear from my eyes i loved all who were positive in the event of my demise  
i swear    some1 will die b4 my shift is over    how sad is it when common sense is hard 2 come by   an next time u visit the local grocery store   and u decide 2 b a bitch or <propmale> 2 the cashier   he may b a ticking time bomb and snap ur fucken neck or stab u in the eye with a pen an than kick the shit out of u while u lay there bleeding an cryin like a bitch  smile 
so i think i'm gonna start my own nudist colony   at my house   if u need directions let me know
the sun was shining on my bald head as i strolled 2 work   felln pret<propmale> good    than 1 by 1 fuck tards kept comn through my line fuckn up my day   breakn the chains holdn in my demon   he's almost free'd may god have mercy on the poor fuck who breaks the last chain                                  p s    <propmale> bri an sky u keep my dir<propmale> mind smiling  wink 
ever get the <propfemale> 2 just skull fuck some1? or is that just me      annoyed 
give me 2 popsicle sticks and a rubber band and i'll find a way 2 fuck it like a filthy macgyver!
running with scissors   brb
another fun filled day wanting on mindless  mouth breathers non stop   bout ready 2 put my head in a deep fryer       balls too
i think i'm gonna whip out my junk an shake it at the next old hag that comes through my line bitching  smile   mayb they will let me go home after that  laugh 
if you see a giant chicken waving at you through your window later i swear it's not me!!!
so    when walkin in2 ne kind of aquatic zoo   such as sea world   u r frowned upon and escorted out with sever hostility when bringing in ur fishing pole an tackle box   just a note 2 those whom have that about that  
is now dancing naked through your subconscious!
so has ne1 noticed that the krusy krab is bikini bottom?
day started off great    went 2 work   the day went 2 complete shit! thank u <propfirst> meyer   u r a sess pool 4 incompetent fuckn mouth breathers   hurry up 11pm so i can sit my ass at home an drink beer alone  annoyed 
we ignore those who adore us  adore those who ignore us  love the ones who hurt us  hurt the ones who love us    than wonder what happened  
havnt even been at work 4 an hour     this is gonna b hell    i may get fired 2day
ok   i figured it out   the question    which came 1st   the chicken or the egg? answer   neither the rooster came 1st! ha!
"working in retail   allows u 2 witness where our country is headed   it is sad   <propfemale> is in a downward spiral  common sense, courtesy, the ability 2 comprehend simple task or 2 even b alert of ur surroundings   such as simple reading of signs is decaying in humanity   the days of the neanderthals is not far from our future   <propfemale> is becoming more fatter, lazier and flat out selfish  "
i am mr  amazing pockets!
bow chick a wow wow
just a thing of the past   a faded memory   a dull smile in an old photograph   a face of familiarity a name u can't remember   just a faded memory  
"bored as fuck at work   ppl watching is great   its amazing how many ppl pick their nose, ass and no no places when they think no1 is watching   or come in the store wearing their boxer shorts   really   wtf?!? lol"
"if my tax dollars pay your welfare, you should cook me dinner, work my shift, and share your drugs at least once a week  o and take your birth control too!!!"
holy <propfemale> clause shit!
i need a fat man friendly tub  laugh 
"'s not gonna lie     it's so hot i got the music up loud, a cold beer in my hand, and i'm standing naked in front of my open fridge!  and i'm loving it!"
this wonderful friday sponsored by coors light and your friends at jagermeister  
"throw dirt on me and grow a wild flower  but its fuck the world, get a child outa her   ya my life a bitch but u know nuthin bout her   been 2 hell n back   i can show u vouchers"
i am mcloven
so    wut r ur thoughts on male camel-toe?
i'm gonna put my <propmale> in there mouths   so its fuck wut they say!
alone i stand     alone i fall    fuck all ya'll!!
so fn nice out    no1 @ rainrock   just me an my pooch   and fn horse flys    fuckers!
pretty sure i just wanna fuck ur face   
time 2 get all sexed nuts and retard strong!
so   drive 2 portland $60   strip club $200   lil bro's 21st day an 1st time in a strip club    pricless!
"made to fight, made to bruise  piss me off and you're gonna lose  "
gotta admit    she is pretty amazing!  smile 
think its time 2 burn my bridges   set my house a blaze   ride away with a smile on my face an middle finger in the air
down hill    yep that's how i roll
so havn 2 pee in a cup sucks as it is   but when u don't screw the lid on right an ur pee dribbles all over ur hand when they hav u tip it over 2 make sure it dosent leak   yep   it was a special moment  
<propfemale> day in oregon    check                       day off 2 enjoy    check                                  sittin butt ass neked at the river cause no1 is here     fn triple x check!
cocaine's a hella of a drug!
"he called the shit, poop!"
15 bucks little man put that shit in my hand  
grabbin gears an running over queers
so just got my phone turned back on   thank u verizon   on my bday   u shut me off 2 the world  
and thank u all 4 the bday wishes  smile 
<propfirst> 2day   tongue piercings an haunted corn mazes   hmm    cud use some acid  
gonna tear shit up!
suck me beautiful!
so i think i've decided wut i want 4 christmas    a black midget with down syndrome   so please keep ur eyes open   they r rare
i don't want a large farva   i want a goddamn liter o cola!!
"fuck wut i said, it don't mean shit now   fuck the presents may as well throw them out   fuck all those kisses they didn't mean <propfirst>    fuck you, you hoe   you'll never get me back "
     wow    seriously    the worst day of my life!
seriously    so sick of bn told have a happy thanksgiving    fuck the holidays!
rtsp annoyed  v1 cache8 c youtube com cjgleny73wialwnvs9tfrxqe2bmyesarfeijbxytz29vz2xlsarsb3jlc3vsdhng8odx1bgprnfmda= annoyed 0 0 0 video 3gp
"\wut if\""    the endless question   the question that makes u look back at ur past with a different perspective   so much time can b lost in the vast eternity of our minds   better 2 simplify   wut if our paths had never crossed    or i never happened    wut if  """
frozen pizza   vodka an everclear   happy fucken thankgiving!!
after every storm the sun will always break through the dark clouds 
i have layer upon layer of dormant muscle  playful 
had court 2day went soooo much better than i had anticipated my reckless charge got reduced 2 a carless driving traffic violation which means no felony an no jail  smile  just more diversion classes an a shit load of fines which sux but as e playful ected   so now on the road 2 recovery an gettn my life back 2gether   thank u all who have stuck by my side in my lowest time of life  its there when u find out who ur real friends r
"i finally feel like i'm back 2 normal, i feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to u for those of u who don't know, the new me's back 2 the old me i'm not shown ne signs of slown up i'm blowin up an back with a vengeance"
"its not how well you can weather the storm, its how well you can dance in the rain "
is there a polite way 2 punch some1 in the throat?
"a b c d e f g, gummy bears are chasin me!!! 1 is red, 1 is blue, 1 is peein on my shoe! now im runnin for my life cuz the red 1 has a knife!"
had an amazing dinner ready 4 me when i got off work   now that the house is empty time 2 snuggle up on the couch with my even more amazing girlfriend an watch movies  smile 
"to think of the future, means to forgot about the past  but if the past is all you think about, then you will have no future "
"great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people"
if a canoe tips over in your front yard and all four wheels fall off  how long would it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick all the seeds out of a pickle?
wonders why we don't get little toys in are cereal anymore!  sad 
"in quietness u find wisdom, in wisdom you find truth, in truth you find trust, in trust you find love, in love you find happiness in happiness you find you"
i just found my green crayon  just lost my red one  no don't roll off the table blue crayon!!! my orange crayon broke  i hate these crayons!
"it doesn't matter how hard you can hit  it matters how hard you can get hit, get back up and keep fighting"
there are times when silence speaks with the loudest voice and carries the heaviest impact 
"morning, thus we meet again  you know nobody likes you right? you and monday are completely useless to me  go away   shew   shew i say!!"
the difference between tattooed people and non-tattooed people is: tattooed people don't care if your not tattooed 
i can already tell it's going to be another one of those mornings where i'm not <propmale> and famous 
had the day off  smile  me an my baby went 2 the beach with the pooch   sooo fn nice out 2day   walked old town   took a lil siesta now time 4 class   ugh  
omg  i just found out that someone you slept with has an std but dont worry i just saved money by switching my car insurance to geico  
"flame thrower proves that sometime, somewhere, someone said to them self  i want to set those people over there on fire, but they are to far away"
"it's raining, it's pouring  i wish i was still snoring  i left my bed, must be outta my head  i bid you all a good morning"
chinese translation for 69: twocanchew
obama has decided to conserve more energy by turning off the light at the end of the tunnel
today's crappy attitude is proudly sponsored by the alarm clock 
i'm just amazed by her  smile 
a day at the outlet mall   despite the horiffic weather had an amazing day   romantic dinner at a over priced restaurant but good   relaxing hot bath an now movie time   perfect day all because of her  smile 
where's the f'n delete button?!?
i'd be thrilled that today is friday   if i had tomorrow off!
its mine! i licked it!!
"have you ever noticed that when you are driving and smell something out of the ordinary, the first thing you do is turn down the radio?"
chinese food always a great idea    1 hour later sittn on the pot poo'n it all out    no longer a good idea  
"some old guy comes through my line an ask \if germany were to attack italy from behind would greece help?\""              ha!"""
"if you're making love to music, use a live album cos you get a round of applause every 3 minutes "
im just a rambling man   
hates when i do something like a ninja and there is nobody around to see!
"i have a plan; all i need is some duct tape, chewing gum, a wet noodle, a midget that looks like the riddler, a stuffed monkey and yesterday's newspaper   "
assgasket!
if you could hear the voices in my head you'd be backing away right now 
<propfirst> sheen     = just another tweeker
this is the new shit!
seriously    fuck 2day! may as well try my luck with nailing jello 2 a tree  
big shout out 2 hawaiian punch jelly beans   u made this fat kids night  smile 
well    phone is busted     smile 
got my newish phone 2day   my old 1 went out the car window an got ran over   which didn't bother me   than found out my memory card got damaged  sad  lost all my pics   but life goes on   so i need 2 make sure i have every1s # right   so not 2 sound gay   text me =p
"so fresh an so clean, clean"
titties an teeth  
well get out your forks cause my big ass is done!!
my goat itches   
wash yo winkie
"why do people think they can just walk all over you then act like nothing happened, but when you treat them the same way it's a different story!!"
fresh air an sunshine never felt so good!
