dc74c852c517d2b54b1c3af84944b2ce
thanks for all the wishes everybody!
crosby and malkin     2girls1cup
3 day weekend     i like i like   p s  -- i will be in michigan next weekend     all who care should get a hold of me    
i love my life
"aside from waking up to \alan     i have bad news    \"" today has been freaking awesome"""
what a weekend     time to recover
michigan is booked     arriving thursday leaving tuesday
hanging out in <propfemale> arbor tonight     give me a ring
feeling good     it's the most mid-wonderful time of the year
i love saturday
"shawshank, <propfemale> hillbillies, and eventually a lounge chair     i love sundays"
who is down for partying like rockstars tonight?
i just want the worlds biggest philly     extra cheeze wiz please
who gets a serious hip flexor injury?     honestly    
i am a white shark 
there is no reason for me to automatically wake up at 7:43     no reason at all
out     like a champion
saturday     i love saturday
sunday funday?
what an unreal weekend     time to relax and recover
back in tucson     settling into my new awesome place 
so i don't suppose i can hope for a snow day    
so grad students are not allowed to tryout for the icecats   my dreams of grandeur have been dashed    
have i mentioned that my new place has a hot-tub? no? oh     well guess what i am doing about now    
"okay     on a more important note, both z and <propfemale> claim to have never heard dynamite hack - boys in the hood   who else finds this completely absurd?"
i am drinking water out of a coors light glass  i do this because when the mountains turn blue i know my water is cold enough to drink    
copywork     about as cool as aids
having a productive sunday
done with oci     which is just super-silly-hyphy-dumb-dumb
pretty sure mauet spent 30 minutes talking about the hamburglar today    
old-man hockey then bar-review     its gonna be a good night 
ahhh the weekend     it feels     so     good
"attn law school:  the excuse \i am taking it easy because of the tailgate tomorrow\"" makes 100% zero sense """
college football     it feels     so     good 
"michigan, asu, and u of a     nothing but awesome victories the whole way around   this football season is already 100 times better than the last 2 "
shooters     lets make this happen
epic weekend   simply awesome 
old man hockey here i come 
"i wish i could be two places at once   i need to be like christian bale and his twin in the prestige, good lord i could get soooo much done "
just heard on t v  that <propmale> millen is going to be on the broadcast team for michigan v  n d      someone should be killed for this 
basketball 3 at the rec for anyone who is interested 
on my way up to spend sometime with those who currently or once have resided at 2700 n <propmale>     you know who you are 
"another great weekend, winding it down"
"obama calls kanye a \jackass\""     thats just awesome """
getting ready for gametime tonight     gonna do some some walkthroughs     watch some film and so forth   hoping to win by about 50 tonight 
lets get this party started
i am going to trident toinight     if you haven't had the pleasure of seeing the two dopest keeroakers of all time     go to trident tonight
balencesto     rocking asu shorts and shirt at the u of a rec   like a champion
living the dream
yahoo has 100 ways to save money on the homepage     i'll give you 2     walk home and eat spaghetti
per comm sucks 
is drinking coffee out of a plastic up    
nothing is better than beating frat teams at im sports 
living the dream
old man hockey followed by bar review at the nugget     is there a better possible thursday??  i think not 
watching top gun as a pregame
i got a feeling     see you in old town
great victory
its that perfect weather time of year     sweet    
running 150's all week in preparation for playoffs on sunday     oh yea it is that serious
happy new south park day!!!
zombieland     probably the funniest movie i've seen in a few years
i don't know that there is any amount of caffine that can make this bus org reading work less effectively than ambien
school up till monday     severe fml 
butters     []d [] []v[] []d [] []\\[]
"the sun is shining, the weather is warm, the tailgates are out   and i     am sitting in the library   this is the anti-saturday "
i think there is a solid <propmale> that there will be about 30 friends on facebook chat by this time tomorrow    
"i would just like to note: the fact that i've reffered to sun city as \not exactly a budding metropolis \"" should get me an automatic a in this class """
heading up to phoenix for the wings game     woooooo!
time to get productive
im soccer wooooooo
basketball and galleyproofing     pretty much pb&j
"supercuts charged my debit card for $311 95     my haircut is not that good, i should have gone to costcutters    "
now is when the real fun begins
well it's good i can turn in my pcomm hardcopy by monday at 5   because when i was at the locked door at 5 surprise 1 today i nearly had a heartattack   and now     evidence 
done with the heavy stuff     i think a nap is in order 
sigh     bis orgs and arizona civ pro     is it possible that two more boring finals exist?
"thank you tiger   without you, i don't have to watch 'sports'center golf coverage anymore   p s  -- if you can't get a groin pull doing it     it is not a sport   sorry nascar, bowling, pool, golf, poker, and the wnba     none of your activities are sports   thank goodness ten more minutes of my day can be spent watching conversation about real athletes "
"on another note, is a shame that phelps was dropped so quickly after being caught smoking weed   apparently, being a giant man-slut while married is more acceptable behavior in the eyes of nike   i know i shouldn't be suprised by this, perhaps they should get kobe, mj, and tiger to do a psa on the sanctity of marriage? eh? eh?"
just 1 more to go     and then i'm half-way done with this adventure 
blasting living on a prayer     but purely for its halfway there qualities
heading up to phoenix
hanging around in the bay area
wings game in san <propfirst>     who has two thumbs and is pumped?!?     this guy 
"take the goo goo dolls, add lady gaga -- and you have the lady goo goo gaga dolls   brought to you by baby gap "
"robertson and limbaugh, please just leave   i don't care where you go, just leave and never come back "
"the man who invented speggehti-o's has passed   in his honor, i will be eating nothing but meetball and hot-dog speggehti-o's for the next week "
"already a busy week, why why why"
the library sucks
"i will be watching olympic hockey during every single spare moment i have for the next couple of weeks, and i am really excited about that "
naptime
can i possibly put into words how excited i am for this hockey line-up today? no   i can't 
"i am amazed, i am suddenly surrounded by hockey afficionados "
"i feel like i have a pulled hamstring     in my back   it hurts like hell  i can barely move and i think i'll have to lay in bed for days   but what sucks the most, by far, is that i will miss intramural co-ed softball playoffs "
"if on the off <propmale> that you care     i threw out my back and can't even make the drive up to the tpc   do not cry for me, olmpic hockey is amazing "
"\oh stop being a smartass and go eat your cookies \"" -kt"""
"woltek wolski, my favorite player not named ovechkin or datsyuk, is now a coyote   so  pumped  --i'll be there on wednesday "
my girlfriends drivers license is d0     6669777  wow 
is it too late to drop classes?
can't go to the coyotes game i have tickets for tonight     anyone interested in buying them with a little discount?  $25 upper bowl   should be a good game    
intramural softball championship tonight 8 @ rincon   its the only thing keeping me from jumping off a <propmale> because of taking dumb dumb writing classes
"i want to reach into my computer, grab word 2007, and stab it with an ice pick for 10 hours so it can feel my pain "
can we please get a 30 for 30 on detroit-colorado?
i am somewhat (very) embarrassed to admitt this  i just watched hooshiers     for the first time     ever 
"\note is a four letter word\"""""
"colorado bound with <propfemale> trajanovich, <propmale> koenigsknecht, and <propfirst> hulslander   oh yes, it is going to be a goood time "
"back to intramurals, and school i suppose "
searching for a third roommate in scottsdale this summer   anyone? anyone?
its the most wonderful time     of the year!!! go wings!!!!
i pay for nhl gamecenter  i pay for the nhl network   i pay for versus   and cannot watch the game anywhere in tucson  all because fsn arizona thinks a diamondbacks game is a better call  this is now the #1 reason i hate tucson 
    thank goodness for detroit internet radio    
heading up to game 5 because my flipping awesome girlfriend bought us tickets   lets go red wings!!!
"q: what kind of person would if i didn't make the 4 hour round trip to game seven?  a horrible person, thats what kind   heading up w  <propfemale> trajanovich     game 7 lets go red winnnggsss!!!"
"dreaming about hockey     and wondering     if i said \dreamin aboot hockey eh!?\"" would that be reasonable suspicion under 1070?"""
well i guess i should grab that <propmale> harwell signed glove i have laying around and frame it  *tear
so     sick     of ethics 
"just jumped on the habs bandwagon, really, how can you not?"
done with year #2     lets party?
"1) maybe <propmale> beck is the anti-christ? did you ever think of that <propmale> beck? i know i've thought of it? have you? well? have you? i'm just asking questions \\2) i love the flyers, because lord knows i can't stand more than 1 boston team being good at anything at the same time  it's obnoxious "
i've been told that i play and look like pronger   i don't think there is anything more degrading than that    
"on a side note, i hate la  i hate all of you  i hate you all with a burning burning passioin   burn slow cali     burn slow "
enjoying my week of summer vacation 
"finally, after a month long hiatus, i have my computer back! woooo!"
at what point did it become okay for tucker carlson to comeback on t v ? why?     why?
"i am eagerly awaiting thursday morning, not because i am excited, but because i am very, very, curious "
it feels good to be right  but so much for my exciting thursday 
are you supposed to put in more than 1 day of studying for the mpre? cause if so    
the thizzle dance is playing full blast in my head right now     can we do the thizzle dance??
"did anyone out there take insurance law with plitt?  worth it?  more to the point, worth on at 9 on a friday?"
"after six years, arizona now considers me a resident!"
you know what i am going to do today? whatever  i  want 
watching transformers with <propfirst> strand   i love my life 
looking at the number of oci employers is depressing   gym 
anyone take con law ii with spece last year who is looking to shed a textbook?
"who has two thumbs and is going to make the 4 hour round trip to phoenix so he can play in a summer-hockey league championship game? this guy   but really, its not like i have any other choice i can live with "
victory!
the over under on the first costco trip of the school year is $400   winner gets nothing (assuming there are guesses) 
"i want to make this perfectly clear  all of you who cheer for ohio state, i hate you  i hate you with a burning passion  i lay awake at night and hope that god strikes the match that finally sets your entire shithole of a state on fire … and that it burns slowly "
can we be tailgating already?
heading to tempe 
"cleaning, like a champion "
"for anyone interested, football will be played at himmel park tomorrow at 4 "
happy new south park day!! and happy new hockey season day tomorrow!
"allegedly, my last name should be tsekhanovich     much easier"
"won an intramural t-shirt, finally   i can now say law school and 6 figures of debt was totally worth it "
wings!
sunday funday 
"tucson beer-league hockey   as always, it's a b y o b  party -- bring your own boo-ya!"
"i'll be in vegas, holler "
"just cleaned out my car, it was like going through a time capsule   the highlights are easily my unpaid parking tickets from asu and also an asu pay-stub (from when i worked at <propmale> library     as a sophomore  yep, that goes back at least 5 years) "
"can't see his text messages, fyi"
can't see his text messages
old man hockey time
"is in <propfirst>, with <propfirst> hulslander, holler"
"i must say, as far as trash-talking slogans go, \aswho?\"" easily takes the cake for lamest phrase in history    """
is it incredibly unfortunate that i have to go to a review session in the hours leading up to the game? yes   will i be wearing my old sun devils hockey jersey to class at u of a? you bet! go gold!
"ahhhhh, international litigation down, that feels nice"
best christmas holidays movie you ask? gremlins  hands down in a landslide 
"i know there is someone out there who will go to the icecats game with me and sit by my side as i show my  asu pride, where are you someone?!?"
"to all finishing 1l finals in a few hours, just remember, no matter what, get out there and lose some friends"
north <propfemale> v  tennessee     epic 
thanks for the happy wishes all
"anybody have and want to sell let me borrow: insurance law:  cases & materials (lexis nexis, 3rd <propmale> , 2000)"
anyone take medical litigation last year and want to sell their book?  medical liability & treatment relationships    
"not that i have any idea about the differences, but i always felt a little out of place as a capricorn   sagittarius sounds much more b a "
sigh     back to school
why is it that i don't even have to hear that horrendously whiny <propmale> mars song to have it stuck in my head?
"coachella, bought   warrior dash, registered   vegas, booked   ahhhh, i feel good"
off to vegas
evaluating my character and fitness
"dear never ending set of trucks loading and unloading in my backyard since nine, \\please stop   \\thanks, \\-management\\p s  -- i don't recall construction on ft  <propmale> & mountain anymore "
"as i pour through the bible, and listen to rush like a good christian should, i am still trying to find the part where collective bargaining is the way of the devil   \\i am also looking for the part that says teachers are greedy, and it is the wealthy who need breaks "
hr derby
"work all day, sleep all night, we are the underpants gnomes"
"just finished the brushfire inferno wing challenge, easily the most difficult eating feat i've ever done   and now, i have this cool bib and a lifetime discount  score "
