9a01d741a03e01336eff99c5e8704bb8
is gettin' all gussied up and going out with <propfemale>   look out!
just watched role models and it was frickin' hilarious 
is eating fresh picked strawberries   life is good 
is ugh    getting dragged out tonight   must prepare to be hit on by old drunk guys  gag
can't stop sneezing!
is going to listen to the band jam and then going to the fair with my girls!
ugh stuffy nose 
prowling for jobs again   ugh
has a second interview on wednesday!  a whole week from now!
is awake too early!
is making soup   no soup for you!
is doing employment testing    bleh 
is sad we have to put <propmale> down   i love my dog   ugh
is so thankful for a weekend off 
mer
is enjoying a wonderful day 
is chillin and wishing for the weekend 
is enjoying the beautiful day 
can't sleep ugh 
"long day, lots of sun   yawn "
ugh just 9 days until i am the big 3-0   totally depressed 
"is wishing she were home, but looking forward to the weekend "
is the mayor of dramaville 
is so tired 
wow thanks for all the birthday wishes!
is a pool lobster 
is what an adventure last night 
can't wait until tuesday!
is ready for tomorrow!
"just another day, just another day "
planning to paint with the walldogs again today!  so much fun 
house cleaning   ugh
isn't it just lovely how you can erase all your mistakes by buying off those you hurt 
is ready for fall weather and missing her hoody   can we just have fall all year please?!!!
kids having a lemonade stand   finally they are doing something constructive   lol
still recovering from taking the kids to the park yesterday   that's the last time i invite the neighborhood   lol
is waiting   uh bored 
"crap, my turntable belt broke   radio shack doesn't even <propfemale> replacement parts for their own product   ugh   so long beatles albums   how will i ever survive    sad  lol"
"had a great weekend, ready for another!"
ugh   more online training for work   merrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
ugh bored   need something to do today 
is remembering this being a very eerie day not so many years ago 
so excited about the shiny ring on my finger!
tgif
looks like someone's got a case of the mundays 
i love a rainy day!
so glad that the harvest season is finally here!   happy fall!!!
ahhh   friday 
only 30 more minutes and i can escape to weekend bliss!
gonna sleep like a baby tonight   i love rainy nights 
just wants to run and play today   ugh  work 
making a christmas tree out of a reader's digest   always wanted to try it   i am the epitome of bored   lol
ready to start a jam packed weekend 
ugh headache
it's about that time of the year to make myself sick off of <propfemale> corn and then not eat any again until next year   lol
"i can do it, i have superhuman will power!!!"
mmmm    charlotte's bless you for your wonderous chef salad 
had fun last night chillin' and grillin' with my homies   lol
is it halloween yet?!?
"ahhh yes!!! off work and free for the weekend!!!  i love halloween, may the festivities begin!"
meh    bored 
re-arranging the kitchen   that's what happens when i drink coffee kids   lol
ugh   raging headache 
thinking about a haircut   too chicken to go short   i always get the same old thing just at different lengths 
"to live and not to breathe, is to die in tragedy "
my mom and dad went to arizona and all i got was to take care of their drooly dogs   lol  that's ok cuz my family is being a big help   love them!
"food for thought >if you know you have a incurable contagious disease (like aids,for example) and you act in a manner to pass it on to an unknowing party, shouldn't that be considered attempted murder?  isn't it just as bad as shooting at someone?"
 love 
is upset   why do they always cut your hair too short 
"it's finally friday, mom and dad are home safe from their trip, i returned their drooly dogs, life is good!"
monday   yay 
it's my daddy's birthday today   so blessed to have such a good one   love you dad!
happy thanksgiving everyone   stay safe and warm 
ahh   ugh   back to the grind 
gotta admit   the snow is kinda pretty   now if would just stay off the roads and out of the driveway 
ahhh    friday   just a few more hours to freedom 
the best way to spread christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear!
is so tired of sitting on the couch feeling like crap 
my rat lucy(in the sky w diamonds) died today   ironically so did <propfirst> lennon 
can't wait for the christmas program tonight and to see <propmale> ham it up in his suit while dancing with a girl!
"<propfemale> christmas to me, there's a droid on it's way!"
is patiently waiting for the fed ex man   hurry up man!
"<propfemale> christmas, my car died  ugh"
trying to figure out how to delete contacts on my new droid
"yay, it's christmas <propfemale> <propfemale> can't wait to be off work!"
christmas has arrived at my house!  just like me to be a big kid and wake up every 2 hours to see what time it is!
whoever ordered this round of snow should be <propmale> then drowned 
