6a8c126efeed259dd33fa987b19953d2
remember that whoever created the image you're borrowing holds the copyright to it 
"it's friday, and i want to go home! meeting, email accounts, server configs, bah humbug!!!!"
got a lot of work to do tomorrow    anyone want to volunteer for some heavy lifting?
"ok, we're moved! (mostly)  there's little tale end stuff like lamps and some closet contents left, but the big heavy stuff is moved  i'm hitting the aspirin pretty hard this morning, needless to say "
is it possible that one's things begin to reproduce when you decide to move? the crap just doesn't seem to stop being there!
"listening to <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propmale> meyer & béla fleck waiting for the day to wind down "
"the ac at work has quit, my allergies are kickin' my ass, and i want a nap  waaah!"
"back at work, counting email addresses and comparing that to spam filter records  the internet is so sexy!"
please do your friendly neighborhood geek a favor and keep your site registration info up to date!
friday 
"your friendly neighborhood geek says: if you send lots of attachments via email, be prepared for them to disappear from the email or not arrive at all, and to fill up everyone's mailboxes  mailboxes aren't designed for a lot of data, and attachments are usually huge by email standards  use a file transfer service instead  don't know what a file transfer service is? google it  wink "
"omfg! a himmicane is coming! a himmicane is coming! run fer the hills! yawn, big deal  been there, done that, got the t-shirt  bring in the cat and curl up with a good book, i say "
"happy anniversary, sweetie! it's been a strange trip so far, but that's half the fun  here's to many, many more  i love you!"
back to work    now if i could just find a good reference for web design 
"is feeling crappy and low  life doesn't suck, but i still wanna spend some time in a fetal position  go meds!"
"gaaaah! wordpress! joomla! this is supposed to be easy for the layman to figure out, then why does my brain hurt??"
"it's saturday, the sun is shining, there's a nice cool breeze  meh "
shaved his beard!
"thinks his face feels strange  looks funny, too "
wishes he could focus better 
is fighting the urge to just go to bed  it won't solve anything and will just make me feel worse  gotta suck it up and be a <propfemale>!
the facial manliness returneth    slowly 
"wants to kick some ass  literally, as in \don't look at me funny or you'll end up in the hospital\"" asskickin!"""
"is not feeling as homicidal today, thanks to non-stop self-analysis and some extra medication (and a little <propfemale> <propfirst>) "
"happy showing your thankfulness for the fullness of your lives by stuffing your faces with baked animal flesh and fruit day! (seriously, happy thanksgiving!)  wink "
"has a cold  his head hurts, he's tired  he's going to bed  tomorrow he'll feel better "
"feels somwhat better  still snotty and achy, but functional "
"thinks the weather today is great! no, really    i like lots of rain and high winds    and having wipers come off my car    and leaks on my computer    and   "
"???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i, so there, <propfemale>!  playful  <propfemale> patterson-meadors"
"in cases of hydrocephalus, a one-way valve is used to drain excess cerebrospinal fluid from the brain and <propfemale> it to other parts of the body  this valve usually sits outside the skull, but beneath the skin, somewhere behind the ear "
"just had some yummy chorizo and eggs made by his sweetie, and is going to take a nap!"
is relieved that he made it to friday 
needs gas 
"got a full tank of gas  thanks, mom  you're a lifesaver "
is feeling crappy again  good thing it's saturday 
got an ipod touch for christmas (and got to open it early)! *happydance*
"is listening to a brass band play \peace on earth\"" from the church next door """
is very angry tonite   why doesn't matter   try not to hurt anyone 
"woke up, had some cake, took nap  days off are so nice    sleeping late tomorrow too "
"ok, <propfirst>    in haiku form: i'm seen in a police car, riding in the back  what the hell did i do???"
"once again, nothing to say  to tired to think  to sleep, perchance to dream (some) "
"this week's profile pic stunt: find a picture you like of a celebrity you've been told you look like (or who looks like you, for the less modest out there), and set that as your profile pic "
is making bannana bread  i knew those furry bannanas would be good for something!
"is drinking a <propfirst> d's mocha that he couldn't stir  all of the chocolate is at the bottom  kinda sucked to start, but now it's chocolatey! (gimmie a straw next time, morons!)"
is goofing off here rather than packing  i hate moving!
is packing sheisa today in preparation to move again tomorrow  moving sucks!
"didn't get his clearance, so the job fell through  not sure what i did to make uncle <propfirst> think i'm not trustworthy  i'll find out what this is about  oh, yes  i will   "
"is sick  sniffly, coughing, the whole bit  took some cold meds and am going to bed "
"is planning on moving more stuff tomorrow  the river snott has dried up, so the outlook is positive!"
"|you know, while quite tasty and refreshing, <propfemale> beer is freakin' hot! like way too many jabaneros in your chili hot!"
"moving sucks  moving sucks! moving sucks! did i say that moving sucks? well, it does "
sitting by the pool  sinuses threatening revolt  i'm hoping a showroom will calm things down 
"sorry to everybody who got the \optical illusion\"" post  it is spam  don't click on it or it will propagate """
"still has a bad case of the \mondays\""  looks like the forcast is for more of the same tomorrow  meh """
"taurus - after years of zoological study and careful consideration, you've decided that what separates us from the animals is a clever system of ditches and barriers \\ain't that the truth!"
"a very <propfemale> unbirthday to you, unless it's your birthday, too!"
"feels like a polka dotted monkey eating orange markers in the purple snow of australia  what? we've all had our awkward moments before, this is mine "
"thinks jfk was right: going to the <propfemale> was the right thing to do  well, mars is there too  we know the genetic sequence for dinosaurs, ergo dinosaurs on mars, because it's there!"
is learning to not like summer vacation with a sick kid 
"had my 3rd interview with an international it firm looking for a domestic print designer  it went well, and i'm keeping my fingers crossed  also, i had a meeting today with a fellow who wants me to develop the marketing for his line of specialty distilled spirits, and another who wants me to develop graphics for his iphone app! keep your fingers crossed, i may be a very busy fellow soon!"
"we bought a red wii as a late christmas present  virtual bowling is fun  baseball, not so much "
"had another job interview today, and it went great  two others last friday, and two more scheduled for next week  somethings bound to come of it! it will! oh yes    it will!"
one day i want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
i'm on tv! i'm on tv! i'm on    (snore)
"it really pisses me off when reputable companies like oracle bundle crap with updates  i mean, really? it makes me want to boycott your stuff!"
it's 2011  i want my flying car!
"starting training for my new job today  i'll be in tallahassee for 3 weeks  hooray, i have a job!"
going back to tally later today for another week of training  some time home was good 
i was just looking over my recent status posts  no wonder i'm gaining weight! i thought coffee was an appetite suppressant!?
i'm tired and i wanna go home  it's late and i wanna go to bed 
goin' back to tally  don't really wanna 
my brain is full 
"i feel like a horrible failure  probably not, but it feels that way "
"i have a daughter who's functionally 5, with the body and emotions of a 16 year old  it's a roller coaster ride followed by a free fall without a parachute  it can be lots of fun, and sometimes really scary "
start my new job in the morning  wish me luck!
what is it with everyone suddenly uploading examples of their artwork? is this a conspiracy?
"why, oh why is foursquare no longer updating to my facebook feed? where's the love, zuckerberg?"
