5d102ff3fa5c89d8084879697e16468f
is just enjoying his last days of freedom--so to speak 
hooah!!!
"to all friends and family, in case you haven't heard  the lord has given me the opportunity to play in one of the us army military bands  i will be reporting tomorrow, and do my bct at fort <propmale>, in columbia sc i then go on to music training school at "
i would like to say thank you to all my friends and family for your love and support  i am and will be thinking of you as i serve my country  thank you for your prayers  in the service of our lord and country <propfirst> doney
"is updating his facebook, after 2 1 2 months of hibernation  ha! and is missing his wife a lot right now, and can't wait for all this training to be done!!"
"just thinking about my wife and how wonderful she is  she's very talented, and i feel blessed to have her  currently she's auditioning for a role in the lord <propmale> mass at a local choir  i love her and miss her!"
my mind is on the news that i will be able to accelerate out of music school no later than christmas  yippeee!!!!
i finished my final chapter in music theory tonight  i am done with the class  hoooah!
enjoying my long weekend!
is tired from spending to hours in the computer lab doing rhythmic dictation  ugh!!!
correction two hours
thanks to all for the birthday wishes
"is about to go practice up a storm, and there has been plenty of that here in <propfemale> beach  i do believe i see the sun now! thanks again to all for your birthday wishes!"
happy new year to all my friends and family  may god bless you richly 
"is having a battlestar galactica marathon, although i much prefer the old show's opening credits to the new  that was some incredible, send shivers up and down your spine music "
"please put this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by a dragon  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this "
coffee!
"thanks riss, you're the best sister i've ever had"
too much!!!
thanks for all your prayers
"just a note to all  i've made it to iraq, and am getting settled in  thanks for all your prayers "
finally have interenet  hurray!!!
"for those who would like to know, and if you have friends or family who would like to know but aren't on facebook my mailing address is spc  doney, <propfirst> 3id band, dstb, 3rd id cob speicher, iraq apo ae 09393 if there is something you want to send the post office has special apo military boxes, just ask for them "
is extremely sore from working out over the past couple of days  there are places on my arms that are sore where i didn't know muscles existed
"food--the chow hall food here in iraq is awesome!! that's one thing i will miss!! speaking of which i'm going to eat  oh, my new skype phone number is 480-389-1364"
is trying to figure out what to do tongiht!
"nothing, the coffee has worn off and i'm going to bed  skype is a great program!"
"finally got pictures posted on facebook and hopefully will have more in the following months  thanks for your love, support and prayers everyone!!"
is recovering from a mission with the bq (brass quintet)!
"is feeling lonely after viewing all of his friends' facebook pages  i apologize to all grammar fanatics if i messed up on 'plural possessivizing' the word friends'  i couldn't remember, and after all i'm in the army  we're not supposed to think   smile "
is glad to be back on a normal schedule after two 12 hour duty shifts 
is irritated that montezuma would declare war on him after being such a good neighbor to him in civ iv  next he'll be sending people over the border to get free health care from my republic  arrrgh!!
"is going to read some more of his grisham novel  \playing for pizza\"""""
is happy that the px finally got laptop cooling fans in stock  now i have no reason to make a daily trip to the px  in the words of the great statesman pooh bear--oh bother!
is wishing that friday nights in the military had more excitement  guess i'll have to settle for reading about the adventures of captain <propfirst> tiberius <propmale>!
wishes he was back in the states celebrating resurrection sunday with his friends and family
happy easter everyone--at least it's easter in iraq  may the lord bless you as you celebrate the defining moment of christianity!!!
"is very thankful for friends who care enough to send lots of mind-numbing material, and a few books to make me postulate on the meaning of life, the universe, and everything in it "
just got done with night time drivers training  nothing like driving an humvee and an mtv in the dark  they give new meaning to blind spot  everything is a blind spot 
is glad to be done with army drivers training  i am now officially licensed by the government to drive people up a wall!
i'm glad chow hall head count isn't everyday  as if i need anything else to make my insanity worse 
sat down to lunch with other members of the special troops battalion and talked to the command sergeant <propmale>  he's a big fan of the band  i think he talked to me and one other nco more than anyone else--when he wasn't talking to the group as a whole 
"is always glad when friends and family contact him out of the blue, and will always make time for those i care about!"
"\contact me out of the blue\"""""
"is really fighting an oppressive spirit from satan, and is really sick of his attacks on my family!!"
"has reached the conclusion that in order to be a prayer warrior, you have to declare war! \as for me and my house we will serve the lord!\"""""
just check-mated his chess sparring partner in 6 moves using only knights  never done that one before  it was entirely accidental  i was only trying to fork his <propmale> and rooke 
is trying to locate long lost friends and acquaintances 
"was having fun looking up name meanings  my brothers middle name means \bald one \"" sorry john--although you did fare better in the first name category  how powerful are the meanings of my two favorite names: <propmale> \""fire of the lord\"" and <propfemale> \""star \"" it's funny how people often live up to the meaning of their name  i only hope that i can live up to the meanings of my names \""crowned one\"" and \""who is like god?\"""""
"the most painful things in life are often the ones that cause us to grow the most  would <propfirst> have been prepared to lead egypt, if he had not spent seven painful years leading a group of prisoners in jail? \what you meant to me for evil; god meant to me for good!\"""""
"go yotes, and suns!"
"is feeling pretty good after working out his upper body, abs, and doing a leisurely 3 mile run "
is going out into a rainy desert day!
is proud to be an arizonan today!!
had one of those days where you are busy all day and accomplish nothing  irritating!!
bet not too many of you have had the joy of sitting at a carwash to get your car washed and then not gotten your car washed!
amended post: sitting at a carwash for 6 hours!
is looking forward to playing basketball tomorrow with the guys!
"is feeling sore, tired, and under the weather  don't know why "
"father, so much is changing  i pray that you would help me to change to be more like your son  may i be a blessing and encouragement to others "
is glad the lord gives us friends for encouragement!
"i walked outside my room today and for the 1st time in a decade i felt heat  not that wimpy heat that the rest of the u s  complains about, but that dry heat that makes you feel like a turkey roasting in an oven  that hot air blast that hits your face and says summers coming in ways only the desert can proclaim  bring it on baby!"
"even though i said it already, i say it again--happy mother's day to my mom and grandma  you are both godly examples and i have been blessed to be your son and grandson \love,\<propfirst>"
"three gigs in one day, earned my paycheck for today!"
"has amazing grace stuck in his head--in a <propfemale> land style  the crazier thing is i can now play it in that style  not that i'm good at it, but i can play it "
"is pondering the words to the great hymn hyfrydol, my favorite hymn! lord, thank you for being a friend to sinners, and loving our souls in spite of our failures "
is happy he found the supplies at the px he's been looking for since the 12th of never--and that's a long long time!
is convinced that the facebook generation will all wind up being narrators due to the fact that a facebook post causes you to oftentimes write in the 3rd person!
thinks the case in kentucky against the vatican is unnerving because of the ramications of being able to file suit against church organizations and not just individuals responsible for crimes committed within a church 
"is feeling it in his legs  did biking, lower body, and running tonight!"
flew over the tigris river today in a blackhawk with a whole lot of high-up military brass! the tigris is a very muddy river for those ancient history buffs who've never seen the river 
president obama has predicted that the lakers will win the title; this inevitably means that they will collapse!
"to all my military friends and family--past, present, and future; thank you for serving our country  you are the reason i joined, and i am honored and privileged too serve in the greatest nation that has ever existed  may the lord bless you, protect you, and guide you \ \in the service of our lord and country,\spc  <propfirst> m  doney"
is way to addicted too chuck--the show!
\dear soldier," my name is brendan and i am 8 years old  i want to buy you some coffee and thank you for being a great soldier and making my country safe  i saved money for cleaning my bedroom and taking care of my goats and want to share it with you  if you don't like coffee maybe you can have a pepsi or something  thank you from brendan\""\"5d102ff3fa5c89d8084879697e16468f,go devil baseball  takin it to the hogs!
me too-miss you that is!
thinks the u s  was gypped tonight on the soccer field 
on my way to visit <propfirst> in baghdad 
"i have arrived, eaten, and been given the grand tour--of the 1ad band hall  3id band has been getting gypped "
"went out to eat at a restaurant on base, and now chilling with my bro watching movies  highly profitable stuff!!"
went swimming today in the pool by saddam's palace 
"well, i'm back  ugh! it was a nice trip, and i can now add baghdad to my world travel list "
holy cats it's hot today! that ones for you <propfirst> and steve--you dirty dogs   smile 
"at a ceremony today our brass quintet was asked if we were going to play any of that \waitin around music \"""""
i give <propmale> all the credit for the mission being accomplished!
is feeling tired and very down today 
"the apple empanadas were superb, or as superb as they can get here in iraq!"
got a coin today from a job that officially could be called a coaster 
another door lock successfully changed in the band building--mickey mouse would be proud 
is beginning to feel like a house maid with all the band building cleaning of late  maybe i think i missed my calling and should've gotten into the hotel business 
"you know you're in the military when you prep for something a half hour early, and still worry about being late "
"oo, excitement  a fuel tanker is on fire not too far from my <propfemale>!"
"no matter how scuzzy one feels, i've always found that if one brushes one's teeth one feels clean! that's my one post for the day "
"christmas in july sales at the px--bose computer speakers normally $90--sign says 25% off, register says 50% off  god blesses in unique ways!"
getting ready to move to the ritz <propmale> of <propfemale>'s
is relatively settled in his new digs!
"has really come to despise modern pop music  if music is the language of emotions, then pop music is indicative of the emotionally stunted state that our generation exists in  it has all the emotional e playful ressiveness of a dying cow!"
yea!!!! it's (pause for effect) taco friday!!!
86 degrees--breaking out the parka  oh yea!!
is watching the mother of all dust storms coming through!
"thank you lord for saints who have gone before us, and have fought the good fight, finished the course, and kept the faith!"
has been playing dragon age on the computer way too much  i realized this morning that i had been dreaming about right clicking a mouse to pick items up 
"it's official, i lived in the midwest too long  i was accused of having a midwestern accent when i said the word \at \"""""
"stayed up way to late reading a mystery novel--and now i'm paying for it  oh well, the price we pay for education "
wishes he had something to post 
now has something to say  i'm really irritated at the acronym language kids use today  if parents knew what their kids were texting posting the parents would beat their children's backsides into pegasus galaxy!
pray for the peace of jerusalem!
really wishes the <propfemale> connor chronicles hadn't been terminated 
"is convinced that even though soldiers try to hide it, we're all sentimental fools  i was watching a romance comedy and two soldiers walked by and heard about 2 seconds of the movie and instantly identified it without even seeing it   smile "
if you ever have the <propmale> to get an anthrax shot--don't!!
what day is it?
fry's grocery store sent me coupons out in iraq!  smile 
"food for thought: anywhere islam is in control of a country, oppression, poverty, or both are the norm  do a simple google search on \islamic countries \"" is there any wonder why americans find islam so abrasive!"""
hates when he realizes in the middle of the day that his finger nails need to be trimmed and can't trim them till later  it's very irritating 
"was planning on taking a shower, until the nice maintenance men decided i would be better off dirty and shut off the water  in the immortal words of pooh bear  \oh bother!\"""""
has no more darkspawn or dragons to slay 
"is beginning to think the water gods and conspiring against me  my shower head broke tonight  fortunately, it was after my shower  and yes, for enquiring minds, i did get my fingernails clipped yesterday "
"spiritual food for thought \prov  5 21-23\for the ways of man are before the eyes of the lord, and he pondereth all his goings  22 his own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins  [4] 23 he shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray "
does not like this time of morning: 1  because it's morning  2  no one back home is up to talk to   sad 
"mr  squeaks, squeaks no more!"
"these personality results scare me  when i was in highschool i was seriously considering majoring in science (specifically chemistry), and it's a good thing that the #3 state on my list was az because that's where i was born (montana would never have worked--too cold) "
everyone went back to school and up and left facebook  it's lonely on the wall these days!
8 mice in 5 days! i think we've eliminated all of fievels immediate and extended family!
"someone get me poseiden's phone number, my shower head broke again--and it was brand new! arrgh!"
"please be in prayer for the safety of our troops around the world, particularly in the middle east  things are very tense right now "
just saw an afn news flash showing a brass quintet playing with a member named cpl  <propfirst> blatter  names you don't want to have as a brass player   smile 
"where were you on sept  11, 2001? i was in orchestration class with mrs  pinkston, when <propfemale> <propmale> came running in saying that the towers had been bombed  we all ran down to the fine arts building entrance to watch the tv  although some have forgotten, and faltered in the resolve for justice  i will never forget "
"cards 17 rams 13  it may not have been pretty, but it sure isn't as ugly as the redskins cowboys games at the moment!"
thinks we should quit negotiating with the terrorists running the iranian government  if we bargain it should be this: you release our citizens and we won't turn your country into a glass parking lot!
"yea, a half day off!!"
can't sleep 
"lady gaga tweets sen  <propmale> <propmale>, and he tweets right back  sad how he'll listen to a moron like gaga, but he won't listen to his own constituents!"
"has intersected with <propmale>, again!"
"avast ye landlubbers, do ye know what day it be? it be national talk like a pirate day!!"
is disappointed that his smallville season 9 knockoff dvd doesn't work   sad 
i can now say my trip to the middle east has been complete  i saw a camel on the camera!
"ok, i get that dwts is entertainment, but why is it taking up about as much headline space as the travesties going on in our government? one begins to wonder if bristol palin has more political sway than <propfemale> palin "
"well, it was one of those mornings in the brass quintet  our walking bass in pachelbel's canon became a stumbling base to describe it delicately!"
"when a man's ways please the lord, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him  prov  16:7"
i hate when my subconscious is more active then my conscious and i wake up dead!
"never thought i'd say this, but, da bears!"
"lindsaylohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all soldiers that gave their lives this week, no media mentions them  honor them by reposting "
wishes his shift was not at the same time the rest of <propfemale> sleeps 
"sunrise, sunset, sunrise, sunset, slowly flow the days  one sandstorm following another, bringing me coughing fits and tears!"
dust as thick as pea soup!
o happy day!
is addicted to cheez-its
"i knew it was possible to create a visual image based on sound, but today i have become convinced that a visual image can be created from smell  on the way out of the chow hall, someone had such an awful odor that it left a visual image of that person based on their smell--and it was not pretty  personal hygeine: yet another reason i'm proud to be an american "
i'm now thoroughly convinced that the team that reaches 9-7 in the nfc west wins the division (possibly 8- smile  
just saw on abc news an interesting study about the affects of work on memory  those people who continued working past retirement instead of retiring showed a significant decrease in memory loss and an increased lifespan  just goes to show that work is a gift from god intended for our own benefit 
i'd like to thank the american ta playful ayer for paying for new boot insoles  big sigh of relief  ahhhhhh!!!
there's nothing quite like the e playful erience of a controlled detonation that rocks your socks off from over a mile off and creates a mushroom cloud to boot!
there is no amusement park ride in the world that can simulate a blackhawk doing a 90 degree turn on a dime at 100 mph  hanging sideways in mid-air is an interesting e playful erience!  smile 
"how in the world are the cards tied for first in their division  these stats are effectively at the bottom of the nfl--curiouser and curiouser!\where they rank annoyed cardinals defense: 28th, 382 yards per game  \cardinals offense: 31st, 240 yards per game "
die zerg scum!!
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, ohhhh <propfemale> on my mind  jus' an ol' sweet song, <propfemale> on my mind!"
still waiting    
"does not like rock <propfemale> energy drinks  they taste like cough syrup, but without the alcohol "
the deed is almost did!
cactus wren 1 has landed!
"to those who care and a few who may not, my new mailing address is 1679 gulick ave  bldg# 702, ft  <propmale> ga, 31314"
"thank you to all for your birthday wishes, prayers, and support  i look forward to seeing, and communicating with each of you as time permits!"
happy thanksgiving to all!
thanks to all who made my whirlwind tour to il a great trip  it was so good to see everyone  words cannot e playful ress my gratitude to all my friends and family for the love you showed 
"o blessed percocet, how i love thee!"
is having a 'dr  who'athon!
and the health fun just never stops!
    and onto seasons 4 and 5 of stargate atlantis!
is off to do some shopping and mostly enjoy some quality time at barnes and <propmale>!
i have done my christmas shopping  if you didn't get a present you were naughty!  smile 
is bitterly disappointed because his worms armageddon disk didn't survive the apocalypse!  sad 
"for those of you who care, wow is now up and running  my character name is palestrina "
"wow, the esv is free on nookbooks "
enjoyed a nice hike this morning with friends and dogs 
<propfemale> christmas to all!
just finished watching the dr  who christmas special and all i can say is wow! love the bbc orchestra and <propfemale> jenkins was stellar 
i have now gotten aunt k hooked on <propmale>!
if you ever want to feel like you did a 2 mile run in 5 minutes use a jump rope!
just got brack from a trip to atlanta and a visit to the coke museum and the <propfemale> aquarium! pictures to be posted later 
"this was a tongue in cheek comment and in no way real  friend: \we're going downtown to google the girls!\"" me annoyed ""huh?\"" friend: \""what's the word i'm looking for?\"" me: \""i think you mean ogling \"""""
for all you xboxers if you want to send a friend request my gamertag is bandwarrior1 
it's funny when an nco is talking to you about how marching mistakes happen and then his cymbal falls apart in the middle of a concert while marching!  smile 
well that was the easiest tax session i've ever had 
"i was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the lord "
"sweeet, just found a free periodic table of the elements charts with tons of info for nook!"
"just got a chuckle from the fox news website caption on their lead article  \the exodus begins as egypt erupts \"""""
"played a bq arrangement of holst 2nd suite  my chops were not ready for that one, but it was fun!!"
just want to say to all my friends and family up north--be careful!
there shall be wars and rumours of wars 
"ahhhh, animal crackers, i can't stop munching on them  i think the fda needs to check them out and see if they are addictive!!"
"paper, scissors, rock, lizard, spock!  smile "
"bring class to the masses, one suit at a time!"
is now versed in the <propmale> of button sewing thanks to a long distance coaching from mom 
"is watching \chariots of fire\"" for the first time  i remember as a kid practically wearing a hole in our livingroom carpet running to the music """
the current administration needs to stop pussyfooting around and help the libyans by taking a <propfemale> from <propfemale>'s book and sending a missile down gaddafi's throat!
"is playing the dragon age ii demo for xbox 360  the controls are a little strange, but the ease of motion and range of view are good "
"quote of the day: \the iraqi national anthem is like the war in iraq; neither has a definitive ending\"""""
finally got my asu's put together--and yes dad i'm going to take pictures with and without my horn!
p90x here we come!
"is thinking about the irony of the <propfirst> <propfirst> trial in az  he played in the 2006 movie \the secret \"" (an optimist movie and now book that states that everything one wants needs may be accomplished by wishing it and believing in it --wikipedia)  bet he's wishing and believing real hard right now that this trial would turn out in his favor!"""
"just saw an interview on cnn with a man from a \respected thinktank\"" in \",5d102ff3fa5c89d8084879697e16468f,owwww!!!
rofl thinking about the brilliance of the wisconsin senate  i love it 
two standing ovations and one spilled jar of holy water--never a dull moment in the bq!
day 8 of p90x; i still haven't recovered from day 1   smile 
"thought this was humorous  according to the army study guide (which is a tool for preparation for the nco board), it takes about 30 days to unlearn to cuss so as not to cuss in front of the board \good thing my parents taught me from an early age to control what comes out of my mouth  can't imagine the torture some people go through!  smile "
2 ceremonies and a short parade today  tomorrow is the long one--oh boy--here we go 
"well, if it weren't for the police holding back the crowds i would probably look like a walking tube of lipstick "
"figures, just when you have to be out of town, the doctor calls to schedule the appointment you've been waiting for for weeks! arrghh!"
dr  who prequel tomorrow! whooo hooo!!!
doesn't our federal government have more important matters to pursue at this time than a perjury case against <propmale> bonds? almost smells like a diversionary tactic 
"70 situps in 2 minutes--with ease, and a conversation, and breaks!  smile  ab ripper x, i hate it; but i love it!"
found the best stuff for sunburns  cvs burn relief  has aloe <propfemale> mixed with lydocaine and menthol  stuff works 
here we go again; same ol stuff again!
is is not awesome that <propmale> has a batleth!
"for all those friends and family out in phoenix, i will be visiting from may 12-20  looking forward to seeing everyone "
would much rather be visiting friend <propmale> than doing a job tomorrow morning 
has learned how to effectively steam asparagus in the microwave!
"just finished listening to the latest patch the pirate cd, of which his sister and cousin were spectacularrrrr!!"
loved seeing the clips of <propfirst> and <propfirst> mcvey playing basketball together and winning the bj championship game for beta gamma 
has discovered that spanish <propfemale> juice makes an excellent salad dressing 
