e5130757b7bb532e74c1c81ce9c9122d
go cowboys!!!!!!
"ok, one <propfemale> backpack down (14 more to go   ) and half of a <propfemale> map almost completed  smile "
up and at 'em    getting the kiddo ready for the park!  lovin' this weather  smile 
"thinks she might dress a pig for halloween and knock on doors, sneeze, and tell them i might have the flu!"
wishes she was on a beach in one of those corona beer commercials    
its so nice outside    i wana spend the day out there but too bad i can't     sad 
yay me!!!! i got the job and i am so so so super excited about it  smile 
yay me!! i'm just the happiest girl in all the world  smile 
yay!!! gonna go pick up the tickets i won to the <propmale> byran concert!!! so so so excited  smile 
going to get a big surprise for the surprise party!!!! then off to get the tickets to <propmale> byran!!!!! i have the greatest life ever  smile 
daddy's in town and i start the new job tomorrow!!!! i am super excited  smile 
i absolutely love me some <propmale> <propmale>  smile 
hearts her boyfriend <propmale> corkran  smile 
hearts her boyfriend <propmale> corkran  smile  had a great night last night!
 love 's her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!!! just the bestest boyfriend ever  smile 
?'s her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!!! just the bestest boyfriend ever  smile 
 love 's her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!! had so so much fun with him last night and the bestest morning ever  smile  ily 
(hahahaha    you know what i'm doing  wink    ?'s her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!! had so so much fun with him last night and the bestest morning ever  smile  ily 
?'s her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!! had so so much fun with him last night and the bestest morning ever  smile  ily  and such a good day at work today!
?'s her boyfriend <propmale> corkran!!! had so so much fun with him last night and the bestest morning ever  smile  ily  and such a good day at work today! and waiting for him to come over for another great night  smile 
so just wants a relaxing night with the boyfriend (and kiddos) watchin some good movies  smile 
 love 's her bf <propmale> but hates moving  sad  uugghhhhh ready for the movin to be done already 
ugghhhhhhhh 
happy 4th of july everyone!!!!!
ready for some bbq and fireworks hopefully!!!!!!!
so playin games is fun    good luck with him you skanky whore  smile 
"k  just had to get that off my chest earlier   i'm good now!!! yay  smile  and now something from kk ------->  gir=grop0to00ooppjplfloii9t0iiikk,kkkkkkty-=-5=-=0p5pyykoko9079ojiijkjk"
just took kk to her first movie  smile  it was great and she loved it!!!!!!!
yay! had a good nite an now ready for my friend to come see me  smile 
ready for him to come see me again tomorrow and i'm super excited  smile 
yay!!
time to slow it down a bit and just relax 
haha! so ur always gonna be the same   like i said     good luck with him  smile 
i  love  ppl  smile 
yay for friday and the weekend smile 
o lord said all i wanted to say   get off it already  so excited for this weekend!!!!
of course you can have some of my chicken     smile 
so seriously   singin tonite???? let's do it!
singin  ha  i can't but it's way fun to try!!
a lil confused    and excited  smile 
had a great afternoon!!! got some extra hours and had a really nice chat  smile  ready for tomorrow  smile 
thanks for all the bday wishes!!! i so absolutely love my job and my life!!!! yay me  smile 
"ok so first of all    i just don't like some people  ugh  but anyway  a new adventure is beginning!!! and i have finally found a great place to live! super excited  smile  and now kk would like to say something to the fb world ------> 9y9monkhlgkykhuknhn,lhhjgighi kaylianne  <----- that's right  she spelled her name  love this kid  smile "
bahahaha  i love this morning!!
ok  totally retarded  my phone is finally done    
o so sick tonight    
lazy lazy day!!!!
so ready to get this house    
i really wish    
just gonna stand there an watch me burn  that's ok because i like the way it hurts  just gonna stand there an hear me pray  that's ok because i love the way ya lie   
k so i got my new phone!!! now i need <propfirst>  smile 
so i am really up this early   geez here we go with the no sleepin thing again  uhh 
love the new phone an some pandora in the car!!!!
i love life!!!
not even together an still gotta be lyin   crackin me up
so so confused    hate & love it all at the same time   
so i say things but ppl don't listen   o well 
so fresh an so clean clean   off to work!!!
yay!! i'm off  smile 
 love 
just waitin    love 
just once more  smile 
lovin life  smile  gnite!!!!!
good a m  fb!
i like it! i love it! i want some more of it!
just because u have some rough times doesn't mean u throw in the towel  u go on living      and eating  smile 
so believe what ya wana    its all the same bullsh*t anyway  i love the way ya lie  
yay! friday! <propmale> toups 2nite  smile 
such a lovely day today!!!!!
even the bread is greasy    
so all i do is say ur name & ppl laugh bahahaha! wonderful!
its sad when that happens but i love it!!!!!
so trash to treasure huh? once again   all i do is say a bitch's name & get laughs!
yay  work today & bday parties after! so need my coffee  
to the movies 2nite with mom & <propfirst>!
so i want us to try a new church next week    not sure which one tho   any suggestions?
ah   much better  smile 
margaritas!!!!
good times with good ppl!!!!
haha  can't wait for 2morrow!
so love my friends  smile 
yay lovin life!!
uhh  think i'm gonna be sick  gag 
mmmm  much better  must have been just what i needed  smile 
yay we had so much fun!!!!!
ugh  what's with the mosquitos tonight???????? ahhh 
wana stay  up & watch <propfemale> lately but doesn't look like i'm gonna make it  booo  sad 
gotta go get my tire fixed this a m  yay 
runnin errands & payin bills on my day off   super exciting!
is ready for a hair change again just not sure what i want   
woo hoo bad girls club starts tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
welp got my tires all fixed up   now i can drive!!!
eww gag me please  smile 
just so glad there isn't a camera outside  smile 
dumb ppl are dumb   and i  love  it!!!!!!!!
oh gosh tonight was so not good    lol  shouldn't have done that  smile 
cold gravy  eww  warm gravy  delicious  smile 
well everything goes great till i hear ur dumb name or see ur stupid face  it's not my fault no one likes u   k i'm good now  smile  just had to say that 
need more sleep   then food and work  yay!
so craving something cold    hmmm    
sure do wish <propmale> hedberg was still around  he always makes me laugh!!!!
ready to get home & watch the bad girls club!!!!!!!!
if you can't laugh at yourself don't worry  i gotcha covered  smile 
more bills  to pay   all i do is work & pay bills    ugh 
got the tires fixed   oil changed   inspected   & registered! cars take lots of work but gotta have it  smile 
"little angel with the bottle, i don't love u anymore   spent some time out with the devil & u don't hurt me anymore   "
today on <propfirst>    i'm here to marry my stepmom! haha  gotta  love  it 
love me some wipeout!!!!!
mosquitoes suck ass balls  ugh 
yay friday! off to work  
haha  k so i'm over it but still think its funny that no one likes u!
cheese fries @ marissas are the best! an carnival tomorrow for kk! yay  smile 
what kind of bees make milk?  boobees  smile  bahahaha  still my favorite joke ever!!!!!
so kk wants to use the phone so bad to type something   so here it is --------->  zeseetffff kaylianne mb church   uufnuhghghhghbhhhhhhhn&hvvyyyfggvf$dscbiuiiopoljhigg
"\today you are you  that is truer than true  there us no one alive who is youer than you \"""""
kks the best & we had such an awesome day today!!!! an just have to say we love u <propfemale>!!  smile 
good a m  everyone  smile  time to get up and ready for church!!!!
i have heard there are troubles of more than one kind  some come from ahead and some come from behind  but i've bought a big bat  i'm all ready you see  now my troubles will have troubles with me!
"dear football season   i have missed u! so excited to even watch pre-season games!!!!!!! love, me  smile "
let's go cowboys!!!!!!
yay for football bein back!!! gnite fb  smile 
had lots o fun this weekend   & have a great week and another weekend ahead!!!!!
man  it's like every fn time   just stop already  uhhhhhh
gangstas don't dance  
out with some girls from work  smile 
i'll be alrite as long as there's lite from a neon <propfemale>    
the pain reflected in this song ain't even half if what i'm feelin inside 
i wish i knew how to do this   
i love the sound of rain on a tin roof on a hot summer nite    
i so love it!!!!
it's thursday   we all know what thursday means  smile 
life's a game but its not fair  i break the rules so i don't care  so i keep doin my own thing  walkin tall against the rain  
uhh  hate waiting 48 hours   just a few more to  go   
so hand me one more   that's what i'm here for   i'm built for having a ball   i love the nite life    i love my <propmale> lite   i like em cold & tall 
oh boy     love  my boys anyway  smile 
friday 
uhhhh    i just wish
i'm trying   
in your house i long to be  room by room patiently i'll wait for you there like a stone 
oh so so tired and don't know why  
i wish i could already    i try but idk  
tryin to keep it together but i'm falling apart  
in <propmale> bout to go watch the show with the girls!
had fun in <propmale> with the girls   now time to head home for work  sad 
and if i catch u comin back my way i'm gonna serve it to u   and that ain't what u want to hear but that's what i'll do 
so i still gotta wait    i hate waiting 
oh what a monday  seriously 
football & <propfemale> lately always make the day better!!
good a m  so glad i'm off today!!
what is so wonderful about october & why does everyone have to make plans in october?! please please don't give me another october date   
first time usin the gps && i  love  it!!!!!!
i need more $$  uhhh 
i'm havin day dreams about night things in the middle of the afternoon  
so craving some novroskys   
fan fn tabulous!!!!  smile 
this week can't go by fast enough    uhhh
haha  that's it  just haha  smile 
yay!! my weekend starts now  smile 
terrible  smile 
just blah 
dear headache  o how i hate you  
yay! 3 days off!!
"fell in love with <propfirst> daniels again  hes the best kind of lover that there is  i can have him when i please, he always satisfies my needs  he takes me back no matter where i've been, yeah i fell in love with <propfirst> daniels again "
hook em!!
 love 
there's no soda in my chicken noodle soup 
had o so much fun @ <propfemale> & heaths!! always a good time over there  smile 
go vikings!!
ugh  could this week get any worse  crying 
woo hoo  gettin ready for the house warming party!!!
 love  hmmm   
ready to watch my boys play!!
ok <propfirst>  second half  seriously 
if only   
"ok ppl   i know someone out there wants this very cute, sweet, lovable, and super adorable and precious kitten   its free! and i will even deliver it to you  smile "
 smile 
oops  my bad  smile 
omg  crazier than they are  smile 
i just want my kk & a pillow pls 
 wink 
fml 
wants the biggest glass of wine she can find  scratch that   needs the biggest glass!
fixin to go get me some wine   but don't know what to get  suggestions??
 love  's you!!!
ugh with the whole bein sick in the morning thing   whoever came up with  that anyway 
feelin a lil better & absolutely loving this weather  smile 
so really   what do i say??
they hurt so bad today 
it's gotta be somethin in the water!?
"i have a very large seashell collection, which i keep on beaches all over the world "
had such a nice weekend at the deer lease and a great day doing nothing today   now back to the real world  ugh 
o come on vikings   got a lot riding on this 
 love  n how things are goin right now!!!
been a long but ok day   & we're gettin closer & i love that  wink 
is  so so super glad u are here for me! u make me so happy & i love you more than anything  smile 
over it 
don't mind if i do 
so frustrated today  uhh 
o so in need of some cold beer  smile 
who wants an extra kid tonite so i can finish movin stuff & relax?!? any takers lol?
how do u be happy?
 wink 
nutty jerrys?? i'm going to say yes!!
bc and wos game time!!!!!
bc pee wee football  bc & wos game and now packers & vikings with him that i love  smile  it's been such a great weekend! ready to see what the week holds  
ready to watch <propfirst> with my lover!!  love  u babe  smile 
watchin <propfirst> with my favoritest person!!!
so gotta do somethin special for my special someone   just not sure what yet   hmmm
really had a great time with him tonite!! can't wait for tomorrow  smile 
oh so can't wait to find out   i'm so impatient  ugh 
go rangers!! o & i  love  him  smile 
 love  him o so much!!
had fun last nite with the fam  smile  now ready to go to the halloween party with my lover  wink 
 smile  just smile 
fml 
perfect  horrible  perfect again  hmmm   
so so tired of just waiting 
bayou bowl!!! go bc  smile 
waiting makes u appreciate what you've been waiting for  
no matter what i still and always will love you  smile   love 
blah 
lovin the lake and so excited bout good food at my loves grandparents for thanksgiving!!!   love 
had such a wonderful week at the lake!! too bad i gotta go back  to reality after tomorrow 
blah on sat night    ready for tomorrow already 
pink eye  annoyed 
pretty productive day! more to tackle tomorrow  
i give up  crying  done 
wish u could see  
k so no phone  sad  very sad about it    dumb htc crap 
yay! gotta new charger for the phone  smile 
tryin to fix this   once again   but i'm so so tired
one more hour  smile 
ribs and my cowboys!!! yay  smile 
omw  come on 
take my hand   say you'll be true
o   and dang you <propmale>
ok  makin a change  i'm excited!!
"well i’ve been saved by the grace of southern charm\i got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a hallmark card"
i so wana go see <propfirst> fowler friday  
ok change   i am so going  to see <propfirst> fowler friday 
well crap 
thirsty thirsty today  smile 
starting over 
ever wana just run away?
movies with my lover!!!
goin to the lake in the a m  yay!
so wish we coulda stayed  crying 
did you know you can't hum with your nose plugged? haha now you're trying it aren't you!!!!
"so, i'm thinking go ducks!!!!"
this is so not the way this is supposed to go 
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire post  a man is still looking at his thumb  re-post if this made you smile  smile 
ready for saturday already  ugh 
i think i am all despicable me'd out  smile 
it just gets better and better everyday!!!
gotta find somewhere kid friendly to watch the fights tonight!
by far the shit-iest superbowl ever  just don't understand  ugh 
counting flowers on the wall   that don't bother me at all  
where are you already?
wish it could be different 
and that's it      crying 
ur about as innocent as a nun doing squats in a cucumber field 
ohhhh yea    i remember now  ha 
5 and 50 make chicken feet 
everytime i see a mattress on top of a car i think it's a prostitute making house calls    
just want you to understand    
ok   i want crawfish now!!!! where can i go to eat some???
new hair time!!!! yay  smile 
someone have any extra tickets to <propfirst> <propmale>??
"k, since i don't get to see <propfirst> <propmale>, i think i should find somewhere to eat some crawfish instead  smile "
one day    
the only bad thing about this wonderful weather is the stupid stupid mosquitos  ugh!
kk and i are playin hookie today   and i think a trip to the park sounds wonderful!!!
hmmmmmm    laksjdfioawhkvjanljvm
think i'm gonna get some wine for today   
delete time for sure    
sad sad sad  crying 
sometimes people are too funny 
i have something you want  smile ))
vidor is half taken care of    now bmt  ugh  ready for this to be over already 
<propfirst> gardner ?????
yay new job on friday!! kinda excited  smile 
o what a long but good nite  smile 
i miss u 
things are picking up and getting better and better everyday!!!!
shopping tomorrow!!!!
why are you calling me??????????????????
"i don't like you but i love you \seems that i'm always thinkin of you \oh ho ho you treat me badly \i love you madly \you really got a hold on me "
food and sleep finally!! gnite  smile 
we are so not good for each other  smile 
can't sleep  ugh 
my stupid stupid phone doesn't stupid work again  ughghghghghhh  stupid new one tomorrow 
payback for last night?? obviously  ughhhhhhh 
yay!!
it's ridiculous the way i feel about you 
can't stand it
i wish   
o unknown caller   call me back please  i wana talk to you  smile 
why ppl gotta lie bout the dumbest shit?! fn dumb ass lyin bastards  ugh 
so glad the weather matches my mood   smile 
well nap made me feel better   think it's time for a cold one now!
hmmm    idk
had such a blast at the fair  a good date!! thank god  smile 
 love 
wth?!
homemade pizza tonite!!!
"\god has a great sense of humor  look at the ostrich \"""""
had a good time at the ballpark and so did kk!!!
breakfast and ballpark yay!!
yummy homemade mexican pizza for supper!!!!
first time to smell the mosquito man this year   
i can't help it  smile 
burnt 
needs to get outta the house for a little bit tonight   
"so my 4 yr old just told me: \we're not having this discussion right now mother\""    seriously?!"""
made the best burgers ever!!
sorry   but ur wrong 
all i wana do is sleeeeppp    
went for a long walk with kk and now she's out visiting gma's  smile 
had the best nite i've had in a while!!
alright alright already        smile )
 love  's taking kk to the ballpark!
ballpark night!
wishing  
