84a2dff668dfc5fca82855cc3737f708
missing you now   
we do not get unlimited chances to have the things we want  and this i know     nothing is worse than missing an opportunity that could've changed your life   i want you to know you have changed mine!! i miss you!
my phone is on crack!! its not charging      getting a new phone friday!!
loving summer!!
"had a crazy, wonderful, absurd, yet amazing day!!"
is think about baby henry    its sad i knew him really well too!
had a crazy yet enchanting night!! tell you all later! going to bed now!!!
when i think about rain!!
hates that life is so complicated
loves it when it down pours!!!
is missing <propfirst>!!!!!
is missing <propfirst>!!! oh and <propfemale> (already!)!!! and <propfemale> and <propmale>!!
isn't he just cute??? i totally want to steal him!!!
still going through <propfirst> withdrawls!!! going to be stuck at the fair all week!!
still going through <propfirst> withdrawls!!! going to be at the fair all week!! come visit me!!!
is thinking it is already the second day of school and i have homework coming out of my ears!!!!
watch this video   for a good laugh!!
fight like a girl!!!!
"wow   advanced biology, biology lab, chemistry, chemistry lab, precalc, and advanced english    i am going to definetely get my butt kicked!! what was i thinking??"
everything is spinning   i think i am getting sick!! how do i stop the spinning??
it getting truely annoyed!! she can't do her math homework due to full capacity at the moment   stupid fricken internet
"is stressed!! today she got so stressed that she decided to punch the wall, well freezer at work   and well made a dent and hurt her hand  wait why am i writing in third person   "
rooting on <propmale>!! woot woot
broncos win!! woot woot!!
loves this switch    glad i can talk with you again
can't wait for the next time!!
can't seem to do anything right
is thinking some things in life are totally une playful ected!!
going to invest in a voice recorder!! chemistry teacher talks at the speed of light    ok well maybe not that fast    but i can't keep up!!
broncos won again!!!!!!!!!!
paws is having puppies!!
has so much homework to do what do i do first??
broncos win
should of asked for his name!?!?! cant think straight
too many things running in my head!! i need to sleep   caffine my one friend at the moment    too early to think straight
oh yeah just for your pleasure    broncos are 4 and 0    and they beat <propfirst>!!!!
too much homework not enough time in the day
broncos won again!!!
broncos are still undefeated!! go <propmale>!!
is fasting for the missionaries tommorrow!!
had a very crappy day and its not over yet!!!
has to come up with a costume for friday!!
is thinking!! isn't that scary!
waiting for them to take the hold off of my classes so i can register!!
just finished her paper and now has to go study for he chemistry test!!
heading to minnesota for the weekend    can't talk unless it is after 10pm and only texting   don't worry <propfemale> i will survive i am doing something i am passionate about!! that is what matters! but that doesn't mean you can't text me!!
had a blast this weekend    and even learned how to laugh without showing her teeth it was interesting!!
is having a mini vacation    no chemistry this week or biology!!! woot woot!!
come on broncos whats up with you!!
one class left today!
ee <propfemale> toe warau
is waiting for tonight!!
had an amazing weekend   lol   but has to do her chemistry lab report now cause she forgot! ooops
had an amazing day yesterday!
"i like to think that this is where i'm suppose to be  there's a confidence knowing that god put you here, and its a matter of you living this, doing the best you can, working the hardest you can, trying to make it happen  whether it's going to happen or not, we don't know "
has to remember how to breath    
"is having the hardest time concentrating   but i wonder why? i trying not to bite my lip but i as i think about not doing it   i end up doing it    and then i see your face, silently laughing at me, and i forget how to breath   "
finals this week!! yay! not    hope i can concentrate    but then again its funer to not!
lost the first game to john     wants a rematch     bring on the monopoly
only one finals test left!!!
is   finished!!!!! yes no more school til next year!!
how many times in one night can a person get goosebumps?
hates blizzards and trucks breaking down it ruins the fun she could be having!!
cant wait for tommorrow!!
wouldn't mind getting snowed in tommorrow morning as long as she can get out later!!
is tired and cold after a long night and day of trying to get her truck out of the ditch
had an amazing last two days minus putting the truck in the ditch
found a bruise    probably from sledding   glad i didn't get one from when the snowboarder tried jumping me   
only one day left!  sad 
"if you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything  so remember to live your life to the fullest!! love you!"
"memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose "
got scared out of her mind when the brakes went out in the truck as i was driving myself and <propfirst> to work    never want that feeling again!!
school starts wednesday   can't wait! actually maybe it will give me something to do!
first day of a new semester   yay! 3m4d
sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever  - <propfemale> russell    3m6d!!
the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart  - <propfemale> keller  2m laugh !
"if you love someone you would be willing to give up everything for them, but if they loved you back theyd never ask you to  2m9d!"
doesn't know how to feel at the moment   2m10d!
if god leads you to it   he will help you through it! 2m10d!
can't figure out why she is so tired lately??? sorry babe! 2m13d!
"if you love someone, set them free  if they come back to you, they are yours to keep! 2m14d!"
"live life fully while you're here  e playful erience everything  take care of yourself and your friends  have fun, be crazy, be weird  go out and screw up! you're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process  take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it  don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human  - <propfirst> robbins"
oh i wish i was looking into your eyes!! i love  u! 2 months 17 days
"its only 1,151 <propmale>! thats 18 hours! 2 months 18 days    i  love  you baby!"
we were given: two hands to hold  two legs to walk  two eyes to see  two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else  for us to find  2months 20 days!
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter!! 2months 25 days!!
looking for a car again!! woot woot! 2 months 29 days 
lifehouse - from where you are!       2 months 30 days
is helping a little girl sell girl scout cookies    ha ha!! 2 months 31 dayz
has her student <propfemale> all paid off!!!! woot woot!! 3 months!!
may have sprained her wrist at work but      finished her test in twenty minutes!! glad its over with! 3 months 1 day!
has alot to do today    i guess i will just take it one step at a time  3 months 3 days 
can't think   
why do i have to lose everything?? the few good things in my life are slowly getting taken away one by one 
sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever  - <propfemale> <propfirst>
"desperate for changing, starving for truth, closer to where i started    "
i got two pickles     i got two pickles      i love the little rascals!! oh   tay!
i can't read these feelings inside of me    
"just don't give up, i'm working it out, please don't give in, i'm going to let you down    it lifts me up     need a second to breath   it just keeps coming around   yeah!!     what do you want from me??"
went out on the four wheeler with dad today     he drove us right through water and got my feet wet then through mud and got my legs and feet muddy    then what does he do     finds dry dirt and speeds up flinging the mud everywhere i am covered!!
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you! go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common sense  never let your praying knees get lazy  and love like crazy! always treat your woman like a lady, never get to old to call her baby  never let your praying knees get lazy    and love like crazy!!"
test tommorrow than no class until wednesday of next week    woot woot!!
remember   remember   remember       man i am getting sick of memorizing chemistry things just to get test anxiety when the test is handed out!!
finally getting my own bow!!
got my bow fixed for the moment waiting on the arrows     so i can change the sight right on      its exciting
lab report due at one     and then nothing until wednesday!! woot woot!
i hate getting sick     i think it is just a cold though    thank goodness
"ok i swear it must be the life of a college kid     when you go to bed late, and your up at the crack of dawn      work, school, more school, homework, more work, then maybe i can sleep     oh wait a vacation, yeah!! easter break and guess what       i get a cold    this is ridiculous!!!"
"is so sick of this       i think i may have strep, the truck is acting up again    i have alot of plans for tommorrow that know won't work    oh geez   what else can go wrong? can i just go back to the good ol days?"
planning planning      planning! i am not much of a planner why did they give this job to me? i normally just go with the flow and make my own path    
is going to go crazy     i almost have nothing to do!!
this is going to be a crazy weekend!!
out of ammo     out of ammo    i know i am out of ammo stop telling them that     gosh    dumb medal of honor   playful 
"had the most amazing weekend      and has had the song \i can be your hero baby\"" in my head all weekend now!"""
is writing her last lab report for this chemistry!!! finally!!
"sing to me the song of the stars, of your galaxy dancing and laughing and laughing again   when it feels like my dreams are so far, sing to me the plans that you have for me over again   "
operation see cool monsters was about to begin 
"you know everything that im afraid of, you do everything i wish i did, everybody wants you, everybody loves you    i wish i could tell you "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ckkblimfmji
two finals left     please let me keep my a     study study study     two days left
is eating pasta with chop sticks    yeah thats right i'm cool    lol jk    but its so much funner than studying!
cannot wait for tommorrow night!! no more studying lol!! woot woot!
is finally done with school this semester!!
is thinking one month till my birthday!!
bought a new car!!!!
bought a new car and is thinking about getting custom plates   any ideas on what it should say??
thanks for all the birthday wishes    everyone
is sore from street hockey    but can't wait to do it again!!
got my wisdom teeth out this morning     the swelling is gone but i still feel drugged!
going to brookings today after work!!
had a blast in brookings today!! playing badmitton poorly and laughing so much my face hurts!
made the pizza hut guy laugh at me and <propfemale> multiple times!! it was hilarious!
i just can't stop laughing       lol!!
just finished painting my room      good bye yellow!
going to play volleyball today!! yay!!
working the tent sale at sunshine wednesday through saturday 8-8!! this should be interesting!!
"bought my organic chemistry book, which normally is 210 00 new and 157 50 used, for 28 95! woot woot"
glad to have her bed back   
having a <propmale> potter marathon today and tommrrow!! woot woot
fate is given to you; however you create your own <propfemale> 
misses the old dayz!!!
just got her <propfemale> money in!!
started school today and already i have a online test to take before friday and one case study before saturday at midnight     and all just from my human anatomy and physiology class
last day of classes this week    than vacation!! woot woot can't wait!!
passed my qualifying exam for human anatomy and physiology!!
back from vacation    another week of school and work and then another vacation!! woot woot!!
all ready for my classes at usf now too  just got my student id and parking permit after getting lost already! this should be interesting!!!
just got home from a fun weekend!!
is super happy right now!!!
sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever  - <propfemale> <propfirst>
i killed my fish!
study    study    study! just 4 more dayz!!
i got new fish!!!!! yay! 3 days
"according to <propfirst> spooner \snow white's a whore\""     lol"""
"i'm not a perfect girl, my hair doesn't stay in place and i'm pretty clumsy and sometimes i have a broken heart  my friends and i sometimes fight and maybe some days nothing goes right, but when i think about it and take a step back       i remember how amazing life truely is and maybe, just maybe, i like being unperfect!"
i never thought i would be happy to see the <propfirst> 9-1-1
will miss you uncle <propmale>!
can't wait for conference!!! 9 dayz
http annoyed  www tributes com condolences confirmation 89491725?condolence_id=2019014
just watched an amazing conference!!
just found out i had to take a proficiency exam    the first friday in november! thanks alot school for ruining my whole weekend   oh and the next few weeks to come so i can study for it! dang     but it will all be worth it in the end 
"\your life is your own\"""""
can people change?
19 more days and it will be one of the most stressful and amazing times of my life
im an idiot! only two more <propmale> i would have been fine
playing in the leaves!!
its snowing!!!!
on my way to court
frustrating day    yay thats just what i wanted     thank you!
just a little annoyed with people who don't try!!
"\your the one who pizza rolled tinker bell\"""""
trying to catch up with old friends!! i miss utah
staying busy only two weeks left of school this semseter!! yay!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=-smw6e8egci&feature=related
missing <propmale> and starting to hate snow
change your profile pic to a cartoon from ur childhood and fight against child abuse the goal is to not see a human face until december 6th 
happy anniversary baby!!! i love you!
"last organic homework today, finals in organic chemistry and human anatomy & physiology tommorrow  one in criminal justice tuesday and then done until january!!! yay"
one final left tomorrow at 9 woot woot
dentist appointment today!
going to <propfemale> with <propfemale>
only the 2nd day and already lots of homework
