fc58182ffaed840e0d1dd0c9765d0140
"the surge protector for the tv and wii just caught fire, fried the computer as well  poor <propmale>, i actually liked that computer "
drawing for the past 7 hours  i'm in pain 
11 hours  eugh
so a wacky movie called unmade beds is probably one of the best movies i've watched in a long time  i love crazy foreign movies 
watching sesame street with my adorable cousin  smile  it's surprisingly entertaining
drawing by candle light    not very effective 
commissioned to do a painting  smile  i feel like a real artist
my snail died      
"i just sold two drawings, what a great end to a friday   smile "
just sold another painting  smile  this is a great weekend  a really really great weekend 
oh lord my fish is like nemo 0 o swimmin with only one fin 
i love when my parents compliment my <propmale> and then ask me to do something 
i love <propmale> support people who tell me stories about their coon dogs 
passover dinner! who cares that i'm not jewish   
"turpentine, oils, canvas, the beatles, and chocolate  what an amazing combination "
scad gave me 2000 dollars in scholarships for the summer program  laugh  that's half the tuition  smile  smile  smile  smile 
is drawing a fat fat walrus and loving it 
my one and only cousin turns 2 today  smile 
church  annoyed 
dances with wolves was an amazing movie 
macaroni  laugh 
"if i have one more person ask me how old \my\"" baby is i might scream """
so i may be getting a dog  i'm not very sure what to think about this 
mothers day is so awkward for me 
"a well balanced meal: fries, mandarin oranges and a vanilla coke        "
economics homework     yay?
i hate baby talk 
so my dad is totally boiling the meat off a deer head in the garage 
june 10 is radiation certification!  laugh 
i am such a failure with computers
to the beach!
i'm in italy     wtf
anybody want a length of rawhide lacing?
i'm going to draw    meh meh meh
"i need an <propmale> pimp, anybody willing?"
paper mâché time !  laugh 
to radiation training!
wants to be painting  sad 
it's rather cool to go to a fancy hotel and while inspecting the room realize that your mentors <propmale> is hanging on the walls 
only four days till scad o 0
to <propfemale>!
you don't want this dorm lol the ac unit sounds like a dying beast
"i ended up in a class completely devoted to measuring, i'm not sure i can do this  sad  on top of that the bus was 40 minutes late "
in the library copying chapter 7 from a book that no one has so that i can pass my design quiz on wednesday   annoyed 
"to the person who stole all three of my erasers, i hope you burn in <propmale> hell "
5 on ap drawing !!! *happy dance*
watching cone heads  smile 
and now it's time for the <propmale> horror picture show 
i think i may just die  damn collage crap    
a great breakfast and scafe is playing <propfemale> and the machine? terribly awesome 
"fastest matting job ever, two projects matted and covered with tracing paper, taped up at forty five degree angles and hinges in twenty minutes  maybe i'll pass this class  smile "
"a few words that should never be said within earshot of a drawings class, least of all in one  \i hate paper\""          why? why oh why?"""
oh the sweet delight of realizing you stashed oreo pudding in your fridge just in case of an emergency  smile 
oh my god scafe has grapes  real grapes  i'm so happy right now 
scad= sleep comes after death
i'm going to cry  scad bought 3-d tickets for <propmale> potter 
thank you crispy duck and mushroom risotto for reminding me that food is supposed to have flavor 
zombie tag  love 
"making some paints, green, purple and orange  smile "
"6 projects due next week, and if that wasn't enough i started a painting for myself "
three drawings in three days  smile 
7 drawings in 3 days  i suppose sleep is optional 
5 drawings complete   smile 
last day of class  smile 
every single piece of <propmale> that i spent the last 5 weeks making was almost ruined and was only saved by the fact that my giant drawing pad and giant case of bristol board absorbed all the water  this is why i photograph every piece as it's finished 
